 "Which brings us back to your first point..." Jeremy began, taking the bread away from her and putting it to the side.

Her eyes dilating, Stacy cut him off, "Imagine you're watching while I'm fucking Kevin here; how would that make you feel?"

Whoa, that was defensive-offensive. The image of Stacy, naked and aroused, slowly sinking down onto his lap...His erection gradually disappearing inside her body...burst into Kevin's mind. Oh, God, yes. He turned his head to look up at Jeremy, whose facial expression was a combination of anger and hunger. In response to her question, they had worked it all out before the IT party: Jeremy possesses you first, because he hit Stephen first. Levering himself onto his knees, Kevin answered her, focusing hard on Stacy's face, "Jeremy would already have been inside you by then."

Stacy's breathing increased, and her brows knitted in confusion. Jeremy shifted to stand next to Kevin, presenting a united front. Here comes the second try. She licked her lips and spoke rapidly, looking up at Jeremy, "So then, how would you feel when I turn from you to take your brother into my arms?"

Jeremy replied, "I would be the one handing you to him," as Kevin stood up next to him.

Stacy swallowed hard, glancing between the two of them, and tried a new tact, "Kids? What happens when you guys want to settle down? I don't do flings and you can't convince me..."

Jeremy frowned and narrowed his eyes as Kevin cut her off, "We inherited this place. Thanks to the cartel's stranglehold on energy, two incomes aren't enough to support a family and purchase a home anymore."

Placing one hand on the back of the couch and the other on the edge next to her hip, Jeremy asked, "Afraid to commit, Darlin'?"

Stacy flinched and stuttered, "You can't convince me that it would work," as she snagged the cushions of the couch and attempted to back herself up. "This is only going to end with all of us getting hurt," was the last thing she got out when Jeremy ducked his head to kiss her.

Stacy froze and, under the soft caress of his lips, melted.

Kevin finished, "This way our assets get to stay in the family."

"Assets. Right," mumbled Stacy, slurring her speech.

"You know us," whispered Jeremy, "We've never let you down."

Stacy's breath hitched, "What if I'm afraid I'll let you down instead...like the night I left."

Easing himself behind her, Kevin wrapped his arms across her waist and her chest, sandwiching her between them. Leaning his face towards her neck, he licked her from its bottom curve up to her ear.

Grasping his arms, she shivered.

Kevin took her earlobe between his teeth and carefully bit until Stacy gasped. Releasing the bite, he whispered, "I'm not worried; you've learned your lesson: leave us and civilization collapses."

Stacy closed her eyes and smiled.

Kevin winked at Jeremy, who murmured on her lips, "You can tell us 'No' or 'Stop' or 'No, don't stop'; it's up to you."

She trembled in Kevin's arms.

So close. "What's your answer, sweets?" he asked, rubbing his jaw against her head and breathing in her intoxicating scent.

She sighed.

YES!

Humphing through her nervousness, she breathed, "Fine. Give up; y'all've got me."

Jeremy dropped a kiss on her nose as Kevin swung her up into his arms.

Swallowing hard, Stacy whispered, "Oh, God. Here we go."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~`

Stacy stared at Jeremy's and Kevin's determined faces feeling her body go on overdrive.

Admit it, her subconscious thought as they swung around the corner.

Oh, God, I'm terrified, she thought back, watching her bedroom door approach.

This is the real thing, you know. No excuses. The door to her room swished open as she stared at Kevin. His warm eyes reflected his joy, no worry, no reservations, and no anger.

I'll never be able to leave these men. Her heart was beating rapidly.

They entered her room, and her subconscious whispered, Look, you're dead; just go to heaven and have a good time.

Kevin placed her on the bed like an offering. Jeremy's eyes on her were molten, "You drive me insane, woman," he said snagging his shirt off and removing his pants.

Kevin settled himself with his knees on either side of her head, smiling down at her.

Trying to gain the upper hand, Stacy said, "Now, now. I just liven things up," and moved to sit up.

Kevin secured her shoulders and held her down, muttering, "Best you stay down, sweets. He's been a mess since Brenda called and needs to connect."

On being double-teamed, wetness trickled between her legs. Oh, God. I'm out of control.

Jeremy's contented smile faded as he peeled open Stacy's robe revealing her aroused state.

Her subconscious whispered, The male, on selecting his mate, must make a proper show of dominance thus securing her interest in copulation.

I'm NOT hearing this. This is not happening, she thought.

Lowering himself over Stacy, careful not to crush her, Jeremy wedged one of his knees between her thighs. The spreading of her legs opened her up to him, and the muscles in her belly trembled. Oh, God, it's happening. His other knee nudged her thighs wider, and Stacy's trickling wetness flowed.

Ducking his head, Jeremy licked a long, raspy swipe across her breast. Grasping Jeremy's upper arms, Stacy groaned as an electric charge swooped down her spine, making her sensitive to the smallest touch. Even the soft hairs on Jeremy's arms were tickling her skin where he had firmly braced her.

Shifting his weight onto his elbows, Jeremy tangled his hands in her red hair, held her nose to nose, and whispered, "Why didn't you tell me you wanted me?"

He lowered his face and tasted her lips. Opening herself to kiss him back, his passion flooded her body. Shifting her hands over his shoulders, she drew him closer, and reveled in his tongue delving into her mouth, licking and curling about her own. Jeremy. Pausing to pull away from the kiss, she whispered back, "Because I was afraid of hurting you and Kevin."

Jeremy grunted in acknowledgment and kissed her on the side of the mouth, then her jaw, and then her ear. He whispered back, "No excuses; time to give up your days of wild abandon beyond this room."

Arg! Stacy's body really liked that idea, and her breath hitched as the sensation of being in this man's arms registered. Her legs were cradling his hips, his body covered hers, and his arms pinned her in place. She was ready to take the part of him prodding her vulva as he shifted on top of her. Oh, shit.

Snagging her arms off of his back, he pinned them down over her head and instructed Kevin, "Hold her arms here, okay?"

"What?" asked Stacy as the further loss of control made her wetter.

Kevin growled his agreement and secured her hands in his grip, petting her wrists with his thumbs.

Smiling down at her like a predator, Jeremy said, "Any woman that throws me off of a building needs to be tamed."

Only Stacy heard Kevin murmur in response, "Motivation's all wrong, bro."

The vision bloomed in her mind: Jeremy irritated and aggravated to the point of loving her with wild abandon. Stacy smirked.

Shifting down her body, Jeremy teased one of her breasts in his hand and lapped the other, long wet strokes that left Stacy alternately arching her back for more and shifting away to catch her breath. Each careful swirl and brush of his tongue made her hotter, wetter, until finally she let out a long moan.

As if on cue, Jeremy raised up and sat on his heels, taking in the sight. Stacy lay, naked, panting, and open to him. Staring down at her red curls, he was entranced. Licking his lips, he raised his hands to her knees and brushed his fingers down to her inner thighs, whispering, "I want to see your face this time."

He reached her vulva, parted her labia further, and stroked. Stacy closed her eyes and shuddered as electricity shot to her womb. Moving his finger, caressing her swelling flesh, Stacy let out a small cry and shifted her hips away from the intensity.

"Stay with me, Darlin'," growled Jeremy, securing her hips in a firm grasp.

She couldn't move her arms, she couldn't roll, she couldn't shift her hips, and Jeremy's fingers were merciless. The electricity flowed and pounded her muscles; the orgasm, when it came, took her whole body with it. She cried out, shaking.

When she calmed, Jeremy released her and stroked himself, his fingers lubricated by her desire for him. Pausing to gaze at Kevin, he said, "You can release her."

"No," answered Kevin, looking ready to devour her, "I'm not letting her go until she's mine."

Stacy's belly clenched at the thought.

Grumbling in acquiescence, Jeremy lined himself up and pressed the blunt head of his erection to the opening between her folds. With a wave of excitement washing through Stacy, he breached her. Jeremy entered and spread her womb's passageway around his penetration. The sensation rocked Stacy to her foundation. This feels...so...right. Ecstatic joy filled her as he moved farther in. Oh, my God, that feels good. Lifting her hips, she shivered, taking him into her body further.

Jeremy moaned as he slid within, affixing Stacy beneath him. Shifting back, he thrust forward, and Stacy was filled. "Home," he groaned, then pulled back and thrust forward.

Stacy panted. The strokes of Jeremy's hips driving himself into her was emphasizing his possession of her. With each stroke, he added an extra press of his hips upward. This isn't screwing, she realized watching his face, This is claiming.

Sucking in a deep breath, the waves of pleasure carried her higher, and Stacy gasped out the truth, "I'm captured."

Jeremy's girth increased inside her. "Oh, Darlin'," he breathed, "You have no idea how much I like hearing that."

Kevin's mouth settled on her breast at that moment, and Stacy groaned, long and deep. Little flutters around Jeremy's penetration turned into rolling waves. Jeremy's thrusts became punctuated by his grunts, and Stacy's body crashed. Lights lit behind her eyes as wave after wave of pleasure radiated from her womb. Jeremy gasped and shuddered, twitching inside her, filling her with his semen. "Oh, God, yes," he groaned.

Moments later, with his heart thudding against her chest, he gazed into Stacy's eyes, "You're so beautiful."

Smiling as her body ran down, Stacy blinked and admired him in turn. "I used to stare at you when you weren't looking," she admitted, adding, "And Kevin wasn't around to catch me."

Releasing her, Kevin ran his hands up and down her arms.

Grinning, happy and content, Jeremy twined a lock of her hair between his fingers, "When I first saw you, you were looking the other way, and all I wanted to do was run my fingers through your hair. When you turned, I felt like I'd been caught with my pants down."

Stacy chuckled and lifted her legs to caress his naked derriere, after which they fell limply to the side. "I feel like you've run me into the ground," she sighed.

"Catch your breath, sweets," whispered Kevin kissing her cheek, "You're only half-way through." He rose off the bed.

Nodding at Kevin, Jeremy picked himself up off of Stacy, lifted her pleasure-soaked limp form off of the mattress, and formally put her into Kevin's arms.

Jeremy's semen fell from Stacy's body, pearling on the curve of her derriere before falling to the plastic paneled floor at Kevin's feet. Jeremy left them muttering to Stacy, "I'll be right back, Darlin'."

Stacy wrapped her arms around Kevin's neck and whispered, "Are you okay?"

"Yes," he whispered back, nuzzling her, Just impatient, "Now shush until Jeremy gets back. One of the rules we made was that this first time involves everyone, so no secrets, no missed conversations."

Jeremy returned while Kevin finished his explanation and nodded in agreement.

Kevin returned Stacy to the bed where Jeremy cleaned her with a warm, wet cloth. When finished, Jeremy dropped a kiss on her knee and tossed the cloth in the corner. While he looked relaxed, Kevin was so aroused, his clothes were chafing.

Partially recovered, Stacy sat up and watched them both for a moment. Jeremy was pulling his night pants back on as Kevin removed his clothes. She looked dazed.

This is really happening, sweets, he thought, My turn now.

Jeremy instructed her, "Lay back down, Darlin'."

He just wants to get this part over. Tough. Knowing exactly how Stacy would respond, Kevin waited for her to get up at the suggestion.

Stacy raised an eyebrow and shifted to the edge of the bed, replying, "You may have had the advantage of surprise..." While trying to stand, she continued, "But it sets a bad precedent to let you two order me around."

Oh, you just wait, sweets; if you thought we were in your shit before, you haven't seen anything yet. She achieved a tenuous stand when Kevin wrapped his arms around her waist and chest. She was warm, soft, smelled like heaven, and when pulled against his body, he knew he belonged in hell. "Where are you trying to go?" he asked tucking her fiery hair back and kissing her exposed ear.

Stacy closed her eyes and smiled, "To get to you."

"You've got me," Kevin nibbled the edge of hear ear, "And I've got you." Damn straight. Turning her in his arms, What are you thinking right now? he added, "You do realize that you're here as punishment, right?"

Stacy's smile reached her eyes. Her look of pleasure drove his heart rate up, She wants me to have her, "For which offense?"

Kevin blinked as an idea hit. Taunt her, play with her; level some charges against her. Lowering his mouth onto hers in a teasing almost-kiss, he answered, "Stalking...with a water pistol."

Stacy stiffened in surprise, "Really?!" Putting on her evil grin, she paused a moment then swiped her tongue across his lips, "I'm glad I broke Rule #2."

Tell me everything. He released her body to wrap his hands around the back of her head pressing his nose and forehead against hers and said, "You didn't know?! What rules? Tell me everything."

Stacy chuckled deep in her throat and gazed at him. Her eyes twinkled. Imp. "Defense penetration, my dear," and she reached up to massage his scalp. "Rule #1: Don't let them know it was intentional."

He knew he should think about that one, but he never could think at all when she worked him over like this. Long slow caresses with her fingers soon reduced him to closing his eyes and rumbling softly. When he did, she brushed her thigh between his legs and pressed against him.

Fire burned through his frame demanding the woman in his arms get much, much closer. Kevin snapped his eyes open and swiped his tongue over Stacy's lips until she opened her mouth to him. He drove his tongue into her, and kissed her, hard.

Stacy's hands wrapped around his shoulders and, after a soft moan, she broke the kiss.

Smoldering, Kevin pulled her hips flush against his, holding her waist tight. Bed. Now.

Panting hard, she continued, "Rule #2: Give it a time delay."

Turning them both towards the bed, Kevin paused, frowning at her, I don't like the sound of that.

Stacy whistled.

Jeremy growled.

Nothing happened.

What just happened? Kevin thought with dread, Jeremy's not going to put up with much more of this. He turned Stacy to face away from him, and levered her up into his body. Lifting her feet off the ground as her back pressed into him, he growled into her ear, "I said 'TELL me everything', not 'show me', minx."

Looking frustrated, Jeremy spun around them and grabbed her feet, helping Kevin carry her, "You realize, sweets, that if Jeremy had his way, you'd be tied down to the bed right now, right?"

Lifting her chin, Stacy eyed Jeremy, who snarled back at her. She relaxed. Yeah, he's a big pastry when it comes to you.

She was deposited on the bed like a fragile piece of glass, but Jeremy's hands released her legs only to grasp her upper arm on the good side. Kevin took the hint, Yes, we're getting there, bro. It's called 'wooing'.

Pretending like all of this was normal, Stacy pulled up her knees and crossed her ankles in a businesslike manner, saying, "Rule #3: Don't let them know you did it."

Kevin shook his head at her while taking in the sight of Stacy's barely concealed nether regions. Uncomfortable as he was, the lack of visible detail was making him even stiffer.

Rolling her onto her side towards Jeremy and climbing onto the bed behind her, he chuckled, "I hope to God you were more consistent at following your own rules when I wasn't the target." He put a soft kiss against the back of her neck and pulled her tight into his arms while shifting his hips down until her derriere was effectively in his lap. His erection brushed damp curls, driving his excitement upward.

Stacy's heart beat harder under his hands, and she murmured, "You didn't fall for me because of the water pistol."

Kevin, kissing her shoulder as he shifted his hand from her hip forward to between her legs, paused, "What?"

Stacy lifted her head and glanced over her shoulder at him, "You fell for me because your swimming trunks inexplicably suddenly became two sizes smaller." She put her head back down on his arm smiling at Jeremy's stunned expression, "Thus making your butt crack accessible to ogling parties."

Kevin's hand spasmed to life rubbing her, "You...you...you..."

"...intrigant," growled Jeremy before descending on her breast and nipping her.

"Ah!' she gasped twitching around Kevin's fingers and grasping his arms.

Kevin rubbed himself where his fingers held her fast. She was slick everywhere he touched. Penetrating her soft flesh with his fingers, he murmured, "I broke into your computer account the day you enrolled in school."

"How rude!" Stacy pressed into his hand levering his fingers in deeper and moaned, "I dropped chaff on the main flight path into town by breaking the backend of a cargo plane."

Pulling his fingers out, Kevin lined up his erection, "You shut down the town...I was stuck in that traffic jam for 8 hours, woman."

Stacy shifted her hips, breaching her body on his apparently-welcome turgid invader and gasped, "Ahhh."

In this position, she was real tight, squeezing him. Locking his free arm around her hip, he pressed himself into her. Stacy's hand grasped his arm, spasming. He penetrated deeper, taking her and groaning, "I set your communicator to transmit your location when I called."

Snagging his arm under her head, she directed it to the breast Jeremy wasn't licking, asking, "Is is too late to run?"

You are mine. Never letting you go. "Way. way. way. To late," he breathed into her hair while pressing deep, shifting back with a slight swing of his hips, pressing deeper, shifting back, and then thrusting home.

Stacy's hands on his arms shook. "I set the transformer outside of the main EneThor headquarters to fail when not maintained."

Oh, my God! Ha! That one hasn't gone off yet, has it? "You've earned a life sentence under house arrest, love." Molten fire flowed into him when his turgid presence reached the ring of muscles at the entrance to her womb and twitched. He whispered, "You breached my home, then you infiltrated my thoughts, and finally you stole my dreams." Sliding back, rubbing every nerve that made his flesh harder, more swollen, more sensitive, he reversed direction, feeling the pressure build on the return stroke, "Here. Right here is where you were headed since you shot me."

Stacy shuddered and moaned, "Tried to back off. Knew something had changed."
