 Chapter 6 - BOHICA

Bend over, here it comes again. That's what BOHICA means. I say that because of the simple fact that since this Op started, it has been a constant chain of being bent over and fucked in the ass over and over again, well in the metaphorical sense. A simple snatch and grab op that went to hell. Shall we talk about the Templar's interrogation of the injured Phoenician? 

Naw, didn't think so. For all we know, the Templar interrogation would probably involve the use of sad poetry and drinking aweful tea that tastes something similar to boiled water and dirt while telling the Phoenicians how mean they are and how the Templars are offended by their meaness. So, let's talk about the shitstorm brewing in bumfuck rural Colombia. 

"The whole village?" Doc asked.

"Yeah, I've seen it before," I replied to Doc, "In Al Merayah, Egypt with the cultists of Aten. It looks just the same now as it did in Egypt."

"You're talking About occult incident filed under Black Sun, Red Sand. Too bad we don't have the Marya resistance here," Doc replied. 

Then it hit me, the in fighting between the guerillas and the government. Would it be possible that a small percentage of the local law enforcement specialize in conflict with these cultists? Or even rival guerilla forces. "Eye in the Sky, this O. Requesting Intel, any known rivals with guerilla forces," I reported into the radio and then awaited instructions. "Copy, stand by for further info," I then returned my attention to the team, "Do you guys see any unit identification markers with this force?"

The rest of the team began scanning the villagers as well the incoming guerilla soldiers. Then there it was, something noticeable. Some of the villagers waved banners that matched the symbol the guerilla commander had, a goat's head with crossed AK 47's. I reported it back to the Eye in the Sky, and I'm sure I don't need to narrate myself saying that. But, I did get a, "Stand by and we'll contact you when we have more info."

"What's the plan?" Doc asked as his sights were aimed at one of the gunners in the lead technical. Again, a brief reminder to those that may not understand. Technicals are a term military use to describe regular vehicles that have been improvised to mount heavy machine guns or grenade launchers.

"Take the shot if you think you can hit them from you are," Big Papi advised. Mind you we're on a four story building, so in an impeding firefight, we're high enough for vantage, but low enough to get hit too. 

I saw one guerilla soldier in my sights, night vision scope with infrared laser sighting. As he ran close enough to where I saw the details of his face I pulled the trigger. My shot, the first shot of the night leading into a night of what may seem an impossible situation. Then my teammates followed, all six of us raining hell into the village and the guerilla convoys. 

At first we had the edge as they didn't expect us to open fire as we did. Amateurs, all of them. They weren't disciplined soldiers. Just a bunch of assholes that think they're brave because they have guns. They learned real quick that their false bravado meant nothing against trained bullets aimed their way. But, it also wasn't long until we realized that no matter the amount of training we had, there was no out training the force of their sheer numbers. 

"Loading!" CJ called out as he took cover to reload. It wasn't long until he was back in the fight.

"Loading!" I called out next reloading my weapon as well. Then before I knew it, we were unloading so much hell we were constantly reloading, all of us. 

"Fuck! Fuck! They're not stopping!" Hawk yelled. 

The more they swarmed the village, the more they returned fire. It wasn't long until a higher volume of bullets sprayed in our direction. They were wild firing hiding behind cover while shooting blindly at our direction. 

"O! Doc! The front doors!" Big Papi pointed out. Doc and I looked over the ledge to see some of the villagers trying to force the front doors open. We opened up on them, but just like the Atenist cult in Egypt, they kept pouring in from the village towards the front doors regardless of the bullet shower we sprayed. 

"Technicals!" Groove yelled, "The fucking technical is headed towards the doors! Focus on the technical!" 

We fired upon the technical. Though our focused attack was successful, the technical crashed into a wall in front of the hospital causing the gunner to shoot upwards along the hospital wall and windows. 

"Fire in the hole!" Hawk warned everyone as he approached the ledge and threw a grenade at the technical. From there he and everyone took cover until a loud explosion confirmed the technical's destruction as it shook the whole side of the building. But, I guess we can't have too much of a good thing, the wall collapsed into the hospital causing one of the windows to shatter. Villagers with torches and other improvised melee weapons funneled into the hospital through the breach. BOHICA.

"O, take Doc with you and see if you guys can patch up the hole. The rest of the guys and I will hold our position on the roof and try to slow them down. Go!" Big Papi ordered. 

I'm sure at this point you're wondering what happens between Beau, Penny, and dipshit. Well then let's back track to where we left off. Branford held Penny against his body. She had been practically naked while her body reacted against her conscious will under the control of Robert Branford. Beau on the other hand was being forced to watch while his silver bladed daggers were stuck deep into his hands against the wall keeping him pinned.

Penny held his cock and brought it just close enough that she could feel the warmth of it just under her mound. Branford holding her with one hand around her torso, and the other holding one leg up to keep her legs spread, he leaned forward and whispered in her ear again. Tears fell from Penny's face as her body was no longer under her control. She felt the head of his cock barely touch her pink lips along the slit of her mound. Though he was not penetrating her, the sounds of moist flesh along her pussy lips could be heard. Penny shut her eyes and clenched her teeth dreading what was to come next.

But, just before he could penetrate her, just before her folds opened up to him, gunfire from the technical sprayed along the building wall and windows. The heavy calibur bullets hit Branford, with the demonic strength growing inside him it prevented the bullets from passing through his body causing his concentration to break! Penny regain control of her body and immediately turned about and slapped Branford across the face.

"You animal!" Penny scowled at him. 

Branford grabbed her by her wrists and looked her in the eye, "You dare strike me, mortal wench? I will breed your fertile body from now until the end of time!" And then the explosion from the technical caused the whole side of the building to rumble causing all the electricity to go out. 

Branford lost his grip on Penny and was knocked down by the blast. He looked up and saw where Beau had been pinned only to find him gone. The gunfire outside seemed to have muffled in the room as a more supernatural warfare was taking place. It was dark in the room, Branford turned and saw the sanguine eyes of a primal vampire demanding blood fade into the shadows.

"All ya demons think ya so mighty," Beau's voice echoed in the darkness. "But, ya should know that it is the vampires that rule the night!" Darker than the shadows intself, Beau lunged across the room and clawed Branford across the face. The claws caused a searing pain that even the demon did not expect.

"You think I'm afraid of you?" Branford responded.

"Ya should be," Beau replied as a silhouette walking in the shadow with his sanguine eyes preying on Branford, "Demons, so egotistical you think nothing can hurt you." And then his silhouette vanished, "But beware of the fangs that lurks nocturnal!" 

Again Beau lunged and clawed Branford across the body. He truly was the apex hunter and the shadows were his dominion. "Stop hiding and face me!" Branford demanded.

"Hiding?" Beau replied as his eyes emerged in the darkness, "I stand out in the open in front of you." His eyes then faded into the darkness again. Without even a second passing, he spoke again from a different angle, "Perhaps I'm behind you now."

From behind Beau lunged in again and this time his fangs sunk deep into Branford's neck, his saliva secreted from his fangs into his bloodstream while in a primal state which is what we call the primal venum. Branford, or the demon inside him was such a young pup. He overestimated his demonic powers while having an old fuck like Robert Branford as a tether from the astral side of hell to the physical realm of earth. It takes time for a demon to atune his full potential on earth using a human host, and yes the better the health is of the host, the better his atunement process is.

Okay, so in case you're lost. Against normal humans like Penny, the priest, and even the hospital staff, sure to them Branford could be terrifying and powerful. But, piss off a vampire at night, especially if you fuck with what his vampiric desires claim as his (meaning Penny). Well, his magic suddenly is equivalently as impressive as pulling a coin out of someone's ear compared to the shit Beau is about to do, especially while primal. 

How does the primal venom work? Well, at this point Branford's power is weakened. He's semi debilitated as he loses balance. His eyes were not as focused in the night as Beau's would be, but even now the vemon would cause symptoms like that of delirium. 

But, he fought back for sure. Branford eventually grabbed a hold of Beau and threw him off his back. Luckily Beau wasn't too far in his primal state that he knew better to drink the demonic blood. Truth is, none of us knows what would happen. 

But, still Beau wanted blood, and I don't mean for drinking. When a vampire demands blood, it means he's placed a personal blood bounty on someone. It's not something one decides, instead it's more in the fact that Branford kept fucking with Beau, and then touched Penny in front of him pushed him to his primal state. The primal side of Beau will always remember Branford as a blood target. 

Beau continued shadow-stepping and picking off at Branford in the room. The demon was struggling to maintain his composure while Beau wanted him to suffer slowly. Eventually Branford picked up on Beau's pattern and caught his neck in his hands. Beau hissed at him and slashed at him with his hands.

You're probably wondering what Penny and the priest are doing as this is going down. Well, Penny finally decided she wasn't going to be a victim any more. She found Beau's silver bladed daggers and slashed Branford across the back causing him to let go of Beau. Meanwhile the priest held up the crucifix and attempted to exorcise Branford causing him to cower and cover his face with his arms. He then lashed out and swatted the priest with the back of his hand causing him to fall backwards. 

The priest lay there on his back holding his face in pain. As he writhed a medalian tied around his neck was exposed as Beau reached out and snatched the priest's medalion. Branford on the other hand grabbed Penny by her neck and pinned her against the wall. 

"Stupid girl!" Branford scowled at her. "I'll rape you if I have to!" he threatened as he tried to force himself on her. She resisted and fought back fiercely. 

I do have to give to Penny, she does have a lot of fight in her, or as Beau refers to her as a fiery one. She swung her fists at the demon and didn't stop, "I am not a victim!" she said as she tried to force one of her thumbs into his eye. 

"Do you honestly believe you can best me, foolish wench?" Branford continued to scowl.

"Wench?" Penny responded in a snarky tone as she continued to fight back, "It's the bloody twenty first century! Besides, I don't need to best you!"

"Oh?" said Branford.

He was too off guarded being preoccupied on Penny that he didn't bother to watch for Beau which happened to shadow-step behind him. Beau grabbed Branford from behind and held the priest's medalion up against his forehead, a Saint Benedict medallion.

"In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti," Beau chanted as tears fell down his face. "Vade retro satana. Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus!" Beau continue to chant. In the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit. Step back, Satan. I exercise you impure spirit. were the words Beau chanted in Latin. 

Now you might be wondering how is it that Beau would know what to say. Well, before he turned into a vampire, Beau was quite the devout catholic in the early 1700's. It wasn't until he came across Professor Guillermo that he fell into temptation and strayed from his path. Ironically, for vampires who were previously devout followers of faith have it the worst. When they break free from the bloodlust, they remember everything about their faith. Perhaps it's a divine way to punish them, but a vampire performing an exorcism. Well, that's new. 

"Vade retro satana. Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus," Beau repeated. 

"Impossible!" Branford screamed.

"Vade retro satana!" Beau repeated as now blood seeped from his eyes. "Vade retro satana," again Beau yelled. 

What most people don't understand about an exorcism is the fact that it is not so much the fact of dispelling an evil spirit from the body. Instead it cleanses the body of supernatural impurities by by using the divine word. In this case, the body of Branford was undergoing a cleansing of a demonic spirit inhabiting it like parasite. Since it was Beau's soul itself that was afflicted rather his body, Beau was hurting himself while attempting an exorcism.

Branford's black eyes began to dissipate and revealed his normal human eyes at it rolled backwards. Within a minute, they had both collapsed. With Branford out cold, and Beau looking completely depleted and breathing heavily trying to suck in air. Beau was in pain no doubt, if anything he was dying. But then Penny came along and sat next to him as he lay there in pain.

"Go ahead, Beau," she said as she turned her back to him and pulled her hair away from her neck. Since meeting, despite his overly persistent efforts to get her in bed, Beau has become a close friend of hers. Indeed Penny cared for him deeply. 

"Cher, it's not that simple," Beau explained with a weak voice, "There's more to it than sucking blood." 

"Beau, its okay. Do it," Penny demanded. 

His fangs emerged from his gums, yet he hesitated. He could smell her blood, her willing blood. For vampires they can taste a difference between the willing or those that were victims. For Beau, since he had broken free from his bloodlust, the blood of a willing, especially of someone with deep affection could have a big impact on him and with her as well. It was hard for him to refuse, hell it was impossible for him to resist. 

He lunged forward and bit down on Penny's neck. Beau's fangs sunk down into her flesh in a swift manner as his lips pressed down on the surface of her skin. At first it was a sting, but soon the searing pain faded into pleasure. The more she felt him suck on her neck the closer to nirvana her body felt. It was as though her senses had truly become alive. 

Each touch felt euphoric as she slide one foot along her other leg, even each sound was harmonic. Penny's body came alive at the moment, with each breath she took in she felt a tingle going in and out her body as though the stimulation reawakened her spirit. With one arm she reached over her shoulder and caressed Beau's face, the every details of his face on her fingertips. 

Each taste of her blood, every drop rejuvenated him. His burnt tissue mending itself anew only to touch her body with his own hands. His hands were smooth to the touch, pale in sight, a bit cold to feel only to make her skin warm with each caress. There was a an undeniable hunger for one another brewing. For the first time, Penny dared not resist Beau's touch as he traced the contours of her body, skin to skin. 

In Beau's diary he mentioned how the transformation process between humans and vampires being sexual in nature. Though Beau and Penny became very physical with their touches. If ever there was a time, a moment where Penny would surrender herself completely to Beau, allow him to escalate the moment further, perhaps she would find herself too a creature of the night. One with red eyes and fangs under Beau, he who would be her creator into the vampiric bliss of the nocturnal domain. 

But, we'll never know for sure because this is where I come in. "Beau, give me a SitRep (Situation Report)," I asked while interrupting the scene. I know, you guys are probably upset and hoping to get your fap on during Fappy Hour. 

Beau retracted his fangs from Penny's neck fully healed while they both looked embarrassed. Seeing what I saw, I'm not entirely surprised considering Beau's personality. Though they shuddered trying to explain the situation, I got the basic idea. Enough to really piss me off causing me to plug his chest with a few rounds. Granted there's a demon inhabiting his body, a few 5.56 mm calibur rounds wouldn't do much damage or if at all, but it sure made me feel good. 

"Wait, so while we're engaging in firefights on the roof, Beau gets to get naked with the girl?" Doc Holiday complained, "O, next time I get to hang out with the girl."

"We don't have much time, there are hostiles pouring in the building. If we don't contain it, we won't make it the rest of the night," I explained. Then I saw the priest who seemed conscious and all things considered he kept his composure pretty well. "Father, I need your help. Come with us," I instructed. 

Penny got her clothes back on fairly quickly. We then strapped Branford on to a stretcher to transport him downstairs, "There's are still binding runes in this room therefore he hasn't been exercised. Since the demon is inside him, we can use him as a shield. Also, let's hope the locals don't know about his possession," I further explained. 

Myself and Doc lead the way as we took the stairs down the hospital. It was dark no doubt. Night vision scopes definitely gave us an advantage. Beau on the other hand was able to see in the dark and covered the rear. As we closed in the bottom floor, the sound of yelling and screaming became louder. They had made it into the bottom floor and much of the female Peace Corp volunteers, nurses, and basically anyone female not originally of this town were being pulled out and most likely taken back to the guerilla camp. 

I saw one of the cultists as he dragged a nurse down the hallway. He was in my sights, pulled the trigger and set her free. Beau lurked in the night and hunted his prey with the swiftness of his blade. Myself and Doc swept each room on the bottom floor for cultists and neutralizing them when encountered. Beau hunted them in the building entrance, though they started pouring and soon Beau relied on swordplay with his blades. 

In one dark corner we found Dr. Nash, he had been beaten severly. Doc began patching him up while he tried to talk, "They took her!" 

"Who?" I asked while aiming my M4 down the hallway as Doc continued to do his work. 

"Stacy, my assistant. They grabbed her and pulled her out of the building. Please, help her," he pleaded.

Great, of all people it had to be the pain in the ass that gave me a hard time when we arrived and now needs my help. The fucking irony behind it all. Worse yet, she had been taken away and pulled out from the hospital. If she's not in the camp, then I have no idea where else she could be. BOHICA. 

"What's the plan, O," Doc asked while standing by for instruction. 
