 Her prince had been disappearing for days at a time, leaving Aella Skysinger alone in his quarters for a time. She rarely left, if only for her mage lessons, as everything she could ever want was provided for her. Servants came with decadent food, handmaids to help her dress in the finest new handmade garb, her prince had even hired several tutors for her if she wished to continue to hone her magic abilities. For the first few weeks, this was quite novel to her and she loved the extravagance of it all. But when Kael'thas Sunstrider returned, as rarely as that was, she was left with a single night of passion and romance only to wake up the next morning to find him gone yet again. The ache of his absence began to set a hole in her heart.

Of course, Aella tried to rationalize why the elven prince would be gone for so long. Though their people were few in number, far fewer than the humans or orcs of the world, their affinity for the arcane and worldly wisdom granted them much political power - and pressure - among the races of Azeroth. Rarely, Aella would hear her prince make a quip about the ignorance of some human prince or overhear him whisper urgent messages to his guard about contacting the dusky night elves of Kalimdor. For all his smiles and warm greetings when he came over, though, he never spoke to Aella of his comings and goings. They would talk about the beautiful lands he had seen or the interesting, powerful people he had met but never about the business he always attended to. If she ever tried to broach the subject, her prince would swiftly redirect the conversation to her studies or her enjoyment of the spire and its creature comforts.

So she sat in the prince's chambers, entangled in his bed sheets that smelled so much like him and wished him home and safe with her. The day would pass by as the light and shadows of the keep would rise and fall and Aella found herself feeling useless and discontent.

She began to read a book, a rare tome found in the libraries of Silvermoon, accessed by only the most powerful mages and warlocks. It was hard to concentrate, though. Aella continued to daydream about the return of her prince, to fret over his well being, and to silent chide herself for not being powerful or experienced enough to join him on his adventures. She felt like a child. She must have read the same three lines over half a hundred times before she began to doze off, laying the old book and her head down to rest.

It was a warm dream she had, one that felt like the sun laying upon her skin. She dream of this warmth that encased her and made her heart soar into the sky, taking flight like a bird. The feeling of desire raised in her chest, though not unpleasantly. She found herself stirring and giving a soft moan, waking up to find Kael kissing his way up her bare legs gently as he derobed himself.

"My prince..." Aella murmured sleepily, attempting to sit up. He held her thigh firmly in his grasp and traced his lips over it.

"I did not mean to wake you, brightheart," he said softly, continuing to kiss her higher and higher, making her shudder as he reached her inner thigh. She placed a hand on the side of his face.

"Kiss me," she ordered. And, with a slight pout, she added, "Please."

Her prince obliged, holding her closely and kissing her deeply. His kisses were warm and sweet and left her wanting more and more. He pressed against her and ran his fingers through her hair, kissing her faster and wildly and soon Aella's head was spinning from the eroticism of his kisses, gasping and moaning as he trailed his hands down to unlace her tunic.

"Stop." She put a hand on his chest, pushing him away slightly and pausing to catch her breath. His hands immediately fell as he looked at her with confusion. Never before had she stopped their lovemaking and Aella imagined that Kael'thas Sunstrider was rarely told to stop when he truly wanted something. She looked up at him, concerned but earnest, and decided now was the time to describe how she truly felt. "Where have you been? It's been almost a fortnight since you last came home."

"Aella..." he began, but she cut him of again.

"I worry about you, my prince. I do, truly. With word of the orcish invasions and whispers of betrayals and deaths..." She made a face. "I never know where you are or when you will come home. I know you have much important business but I want to be of help. I want to know."

Kael shook his head gently. "Many of these matters are extremely dangerous, young one. I wish I could indulge you in this but there are many factors that come into play and the dangers that lie within them..."

"Please, do not patronize me." Her voice was firm, staring at him in his impossibly verdant eyes. "I know what you do is for our people but I cannot live without knowing if you are safe. I have these nagging suspicions rooted deeply in my heart and these cravings for power and truth. I know of these dangers. All I ask is that I accompany you. Bring me along, please, I beg of you."

The prince's face softened. "Only if I could, brightheart. Truly, I would. In truth, I venture to many places alone, concealed or disguised for safety and secrecy. I fear war will be upon Azeroth again and preparations must be made. These are vital reconnaissance missions, full of risks that I cannot afford. The secrets that they hold are more perilous than I would have our people believe."

"Secrets?" Aella quipped back, surprised at the sharpness of her tone. She turned her head and found her eyes burning with tears. Rubbing them furiously, she added, "It seems that all you ever keep is secrets, Kael. Is that what I am, too? A secret for you to keep?"

Kael'thas looked as he might have been slapped. After a moment, his brow furrowed and he grimaced. "Why would you say a thing such as that?"

"Your servants always try to distract me from leaving the keep. You keep me locked away like one of your precious artifacts and continually refuse to tell me anything of importance. It's as if you are ashamed of me, that you don't want anyone to know of your... of your concubine."

"I would never think of you in such demeaning terms," her prince urged fiercely. "Do you truly doubt my affection for you that greatly? Have I not provided you with many gifts, with access to the most intimate rooms in the Spire, with servants to attend to your needs?"

"Trinkets and finery do not serve as a replacement for time with my prince," Aella said softly. Kael's face fell again and all at once Aella felt badly for bringing the subject up. Her beautiful prince was trying his best to maintain order in the entire kingdom and here she was, begging him to stay with her, a common spellcaster. She leaned forward and rested her head on his chest. His heart beat steadily and she closed her eyes as she felt his warmth. "All I wish is to be with you."

He rested a hand on her head, stroking her hair, and kissed the top of her head gently. He paused for a few heartbeats and then began. "I would never be ashamed of you. You are beautiful beyond measure, a powerful and brilliant mage, and willful, too." He gave a soft chuckle. "But as wise as you are, you truly are young, brightheart. I do not keep you out of my sight because I am ashamed to be seen with you. In fact, it is I who fears greatly for your safety. I would never dare to wish that our enemies would know of your significance to me - something I worry greatly that will be exploited." Kael gave a sigh and rested his head on hers. "I wish, too, to be with you always but that simply isn't feasible."

"But surely we could use the time we have together more wisely," Aella exclaimed. "I wake up and you disappear without word. And there is so much we have yet to do together. If I truly am more than your mistress, then certainly we must... we must..." Aella trailed off, her hands flying around wildly as she struggled for words. "I have never shared a real meal with you nor have I bathed together with you. I haven't met your advisers or seen you use your wonderful magic or... or have I see Al'ar!"

"Al'ar?" mused the prince, an incredulous smirk on his face. He began to chuckle as Aella turned pink. Al'ar was the Phoenix God, progenitor of his race of magical firebirds. It was said that he could be slain a thousand times and yet he would rise again from his ashes, his full glory intact. Such a mighty beast was Kael's pet, his mount, and his friend. Aella immediately felt silly for bringing it up. "Al'ar is a sight to behold," he nodded, still smiling. "A wondrous and powerful creature, much like yourself." He brushed his hand against her face and she gave a resigned pout. 

"Surely, we shall do more together. I promise we shall. But you must know that everything I do, I do with my devotion for you in mind." He leaned down, holding her face, and kissed her softly. He broke their kiss but held her face close to his, staring at her with intensity. "I will always protect you and please you and pleasure you..." His voice trailed off as he began to kiss her neck hungrily. 

Aella gave a whimper and Kael pushed her to lay on the bed as his kisses trailed down from her neck, to her shoulders, to her breasts while unlacing the front of her shirt. There was a hunger in his kisses and he lifted off the garb and licked her nipple, taking it into her mouth. He slid off her undergarments and switched breasts, licking and sucking on her as she writhed. He trailed down to her stomach, kissing his way down and licking her bare skin as if the taste of her was all he wanted to know. 

His lips met her thigh again and he ran his tongue so close to her wetness. Slowly, he inserted one of his long fingers, than two, into her opening. She cried and moaned, grasping the silk sheets on the bed as the pleasure took over her. He slid them in and out of her as he continued to kiss and lick her thighs, her hips. Never had her prince serviced her in this way before.

Aella felt embarrassed to be exposed to the prince like this. It felt naughty to have him spread her open with his fingers, to feel his hot breath against her sex. Finally, he began to flick his tongue gently against her clit and she cried out, cumming hard on his fingers and shuddering. But he did not stop and continued to slowly press his tongue on her most intimate spot as she rode out her orgasm, feeling another building up so soon after. He worked her clit more, lapping up her juices slowly while fingering her, rubbing her erogenous zone steadily. Aella continued to whimper, feeling the control the prince had over her pleasure. He stopped licking her and watched her with a smirk on his face, fingerfucking her faster and faster. "Cum again for me," he said roughly. She cried out and obeyed her prince, pleasure washing over her again and again.

She was still panting as Kael sat up, unbuttoning his trousers and taking out his growing cock. She wanted to feel him, to please him, so she extended a hand and began to jerk him off, slowly at first but quickening in speed as he became harder and harder. He gave a moan of satisfaction and squeezed one of her full breasts in his hand, cupping it as she continued to jerk him off. 

He pinched her nipple gently and went to brush her face with his hand, but she kissed his fingers and opened her mouth slightly. Giving her a sly smile, he put his fingers in her mouth. "You like tasting yourself on me," he observed, and she turned pink, blushing while moaning as she jerked him off faster and sucked on his fingers that tasted of her juices. "Quite the little minx." With that, he leaned down and began to kiss her deeply, his tongue tangled with her as she moaned into their kissed. His lips tasted of her as well and she tried to pull him closer, to feel his hardness press against her thighs so she could grind against his cock in need.

The prince broke off the kiss and held onto his cock in hand, lowering his lips to her ears. "I have needed this for too long," he breathed, making her shiver in anticipation. He gave her ear a kiss. "I dream of your wetness when I am away from you, of feeling you cum on my cock and moaning for me." He pressed the tip of his cock against her entrance. "Will you moan for me now?"

With that, he drove his cock into her, filling her up so deep that she began to cry out in need. He held himself inside of her, feeling her tremble and cum. He kissed her as she moaned and then began to slid out of her core agonizingly slowly. His chest was pressed against hers and he felt her hard nipples rubbing against him. Grabbing one of her breasts in hand, he slid himself back in deliberately, watching her as he pleased her. He loved to see her in that bliss, to watch her eyes squeeze shut and her mouth slightly agape as she panted and moaned at his touch. 

He gave her a few more lazy pumps inside of her and then wrapped his arms around her waist, lifting her ass off of the bed slightly and getting on his knees. He remained inside of her as he held her bottom half up and began to continue to fuck her steadily. He could see all of her, her pale skin marked with pink where he bit and licked her, her sizable breasts bouncing with every thrust of his large cock, her eyes bright as wildfire and staring with need as she watched him impale her, harder and harder.

With one hand, he held her hips up for ease, grabbing onto her soft skin. With his other, he began to lazily caress her thigh. His fingers brushed against her clit as she gasped loudly. He rubbed her, softly at first but with more speed as he began to pound into her harder and harder. She began to cum but he did not stop the assault on her pussy, pushing himself into her and thumbing her clit as she bucked against his touch.

"M-my prince...." she trailed off, continuing to moan. "I cannot stop cumming."

"Yes," he whispered harshly, fucking her with such vigor that the bed began to creak. "Continue to cum for me. Lose yourself in the pleasure of my cock." Her whole body was filled with lust and need as she came, the fire in her belly growing hotter still as he thrust into her, now grabbing both sides of her hips and pulling her onto his cock as he drove it deeper and deeper into her. His face was animalistic as he continued to fuck her with such a frenzy. Waves of bliss hit her over and over again, her thighs slick with her pleasure. She cried and moaned and grabbed her own breasts.

"I need your cum, my prince," she moaned. "I need to feel you release inside of me. Please," she begged, lost in her own lust. She craved to feel his cum inside of her.

"Look at me," he ordered and her blurry gaze met with his hard, fierce one. He pounded into her, watching her whimper and moan. "Are you prepared for my seed?" he growled softly. "Are you ready for my cum?"

"Yes!" she screamed, writhing. "Please! Please!"

He thrust hard into her one, two, three times and came with a moan as he held her onto his cock, shooting his seed inside of her as she cried loudly. He lowered her hips and pressed into her, another rope of cum shooting into her deepest parts. 

The prince let out a sigh as he closed his eyes, collecting himself, as he was still inside of her. Aella felt weak, as she did from most of her passionate sessions with the prince, and about to drift off to sleep. She blinked and smiled sleepily at Kael, who pushed back his long hair and peered up at her.

"I want to be with you always," she sighed contently. He raised off of her and murmured something she could not hear for she was already drifting off. The last thing she felt was a silk blanket covering her before sleep overtook her.

*****

It was pink outside when she stirred, the first light rising. Aella rubbed her eyes and stretched. Surprised, she saw Kael sitting on a plush couch next to his dresser, lacing up his boots slowly. He looked up and saw her and smiled.

"Good morning, brightheart. I hope I did not wake you."

She shook her head and yawned again, covering her mouth. "Of course not, my prince. But I am surprised to see you here still." He smiled and continued to dress, waving his armored robes onto his body and clicking around his neck.

"You should get dressed as well, I think. We do not have much time and I have a surprise of sorts for you."

This surprised her but she did as she was bid and dressed in an elaborate dress with modest jewelry. As she dressed, the prince watched her with a thoughtfulness on his face. When she noticed, she flushed and dressed faster. The nakedness they shared in the morning seemed more intimate than that of their nights.

As she finished, he stood and offered her his arm. This small gesture made her heart sore and beat loudly in her chest. She wrapped hers in his and smiled shyly. He returned the smile and nodded. "Let us go."

As the exited the keep, arm in arm, a palanquin arrived, gliding gracefully and supported by only a faint glimmer of magic. In one swift swoop, Kael plopped her up and sat next to her as the palanquin closed its curtains and raised. "Where are we going?" Aella whispered excitedly but Kael only shook his head and smiled. For now, that was good enough for her as the spring breeze blew coolly and the palanquin soared from the castle.

The trip took only a short time and the palanquin opened to show they were close. They stopped at a shady grove, deep in the Eversong Woods, where the trees grew to the skies. Just above was a small mountain and the magical mount lifted them up slowly as the trees turned to a petrified white and the grass was ashen. Peering down, Aella noticed the mountains were covered in little indents here and there, what looked like large firepits of flamed-scorched twigs and branches. "We're almost there," Kael promised, his eyes searching around. "I like to keep him close, but he does need his own room to roam." With that, Aella released that the indents were not firepits but nests.

A great cry was heard as a flash of color as beautiful as the dawn streaked by in the sky. Kael gave a smile as the color came closer, shifting and blazing fiercely. The Phoenix God Al'ar had come to greet them, gliding gracefully against the clear skies. Aella let out a breath. "Will he hurt us?"

Kael shook his head. "Al'ar's flames will only scorch those he wishes to. He is my friend, and only I can enter his lair unscathed." The firebird came closer, flapping his mighty wings next to the floating palanquin. The great beast gave another cry and leaned his head in. Kael'thas scratched the phoenix's head and a giggle arose from Aella's chest. He smiled and took her hand in his then put it on the great phoenix. The touch was hot but pleasantly so and Aella stared in awe.

"He is just beautiful."

"He is," Kael agreed. Suddenly, the great firebird swooped down and landed on the edge of the mountain, singing a shrieking melody to celebrate that the sun had fully risen. "He is the first of his kind, and the most ferocious, but not the last. Phoenixes breed very rarely but... perhaps one of his mates would make a good companion for you. Your power as a mage is strong enough," he added thoughtfully, casually.

"Truly?" Aella whispered incredulous. "A phoenix?" Her prince smiled.

"Truly."