 Part I: Reunion

She watched him slowly, her eyes going from pale green to emerald flecked with silver, Her slightly pointed ears tuning into his thoughts and his troubles. 

Poor Sean... He's forgotten everything. Including me. 

Byron Duncan walked with his sister and best friend on their way to a theater play. She whispered to the air,

"Dreamscape take thy fate let your veil blind them, deaf them, hide my face." 

The trio suddenly fell to the ground, and passed out. Byron suddenly felt himself awaken but still asleep, confused he tried to move and couldn't. Two slender white hands took his face between them and he looked up into those emerald eyes. 

A sidhe? An elf? A vampire? 

Seelie Courtesan. 

The words entered his paralyzed mind just like that and he understood. He felt himself leave his body and float above his own still form; she glanced up at his soul. 

"Do you remember me mortal? I bore your child long ago, I saw you die on the field with cold steel protruding from your belly, and I have watched you grow from child to man in this life with the same face, voice and body."

What the fuck? He thought, staring down at her. Then he felt lightning bite into his brain. 

Flashes of the past: 

He saw the girl gathering water by the river. Her hair was the shade of blood, her skin snow pure; her eyes a pale moss. She smiled at him. That's all it took. He hadn't needed to ask of her from her parents: they were dead. All her family was. 

They married; she grew big with a child. She laughed and sang in a siren's voice. 

The Long Shanks declared all clans people killed or bred out. He was preparing to leave...

She went into the glen Of Baine Sidhe alone, he followed.

She stood naked, her bare flesh glistening with dew among the trees, the moonlight revealing her eyes, emeralds littered with silver specks. 

Her ears changed, becoming slightly pointed. She called out to the elements to pull back the veil to let her venture to the true glen, where the seelie, unseelie and sidhe courts ruled. He saw her vanish. 

The night before he died, He wrapped his arms about her holding her tightly.

"I know..." Was all he said.

"I realize that..."

He turned her around, kissing her deeply. 

"It doesn't matter..." He said.

He put out the lamp, letting her robes fall to the floor. 

He died in a pool of his own blood, his soul forgetting, to protect his heart. 

She gave birth to a half human sidhe, named Corinth, in honor of the veil of the glen, the child grew to manhood and died as half mortals do 500 years later. 

She remained beautiful, unchanging, Heart sick waiting her lover's reincarnation. His eyes blinked, his soul slid back into his body; he was in pain.

He felt raw and battered, tears flowed down her face as she kissed his lips lightly. 

"Now you remember all that occurred Sean... I'll celebrate reunion on the full moon, come to the old willow tree at your earthly mother's home. I'll draw you into my world of pleasure and secrets and death..."

She made herself invisible, and walked away quietly, as the trio awakened. 

"What happened Byron?" one of them asked.

Byron had no answer he could voice, because Sean was back in his body, His heart and soul were together once again, And he wanted his Sidhe Lady, his faery lover.

Part II: Waxing Moon

Byron lay down, his head full of drink-induced phantoms. The whole episode with that girl was too weird. It had to have been a dream. Had to... 

It wasn't a dream. 

She's real; she's waiting.

That voice in his head had been with him since that night 3 weeks ago when he'd blacked out with his sister and friend in the park. The voice wasn't strange and it didn't frighten him. It was his voice that he heard, but the accent and the tone, that wasn't his at all!

Time to go back. The voice said. Follow your instinct; She'll lead you.

As if in a trance he rose pulling on a pair of black jeans, and a black duster and boots, no shirt though the night air was freezing, and left his room in the attic, going down the stairs, intent on finding her. 

She stood motionless, her long hair free and being whipped to and fro by the wind. The wind whispering, "When mortal men come seeking pleasure or pain they find your people, Courtesan..."

"Silence!" She screamed, tears dotting her cheeks.

She was so close- so close to having her warrior back with her. If only his true nature awoke, awoke to his reborn body and mind. She remembered seeing his hands those weeks ago... 

Slender fingers still gentle as ever. She smiled slightly. Those fingers drove her insane once upon a time. But she ravaged him in return... 

Her fingers dug into his back, her nails cutting through skin into muscle, His scream shut off as he gasped for air, A shuddering release of the lance into her grail and she laughed, Her laugh like wind flowing through hanging chimes. She cradled him against her chest, licking the blood off her nails, he fell into a exhausted sleep. 

A sound brought her to the present. 

"Samhainna, Sidhe Of The Glen Of Baine." A musical male voice spoke softly but loud enough to be heard.

"Give up this folly and return. This world of mortal men doesn't suit thee."

"Galen!" She spat, staring infuriated up at her brother. 

"Leave me alone! Go home! I want not to do with it anymore! I-" 

A pair of strong black cotton sheathed arms encircled her torso, pulling her back against a well-developed chest. Her eyes went wide, when she heard the voice. 

"You heard the lady, you thieving conniving Bastard. Now leave us in peace." Sean looked threatening over at Galen. She leaned back, eyes shut, and a faint smile on her lips. Galen spoke, 

"You think you can take her in the flesh by the time the moon grows full? Ha! She terrifies the soul residing in your body, Sean! You'll see! Her song may lull him to rest so you may return but it won't work forever and unless you do couple with her by the moons' ripeness your true soul will no longer be reborn!" 

Sean spun Samhainna around and held her tightly, his long hair hiding his face, her own face buried against his bare flesh, her cheek against his heart. 

"My soul and heart split you fool! Neither one died! My soul simply has another name in this life, and it is remembering. All of it; even my death on that blood soaked field." 

"And you'd die again to be with that thing? There's a reason the gods brought us into be human! To torture and please, to create and destroy! That's our way! No mortal can love and keep one of us!" 

Sean let the duster drop to the ground; a series of knot work tattoos could be faintly seen on his skin.

"I'm returning slowly but fully. AND I WILL LOVE AND KEEP HER TILL I BECOME DUST IN THIS LIFE! I SWEAR IT!" The rage that sounded in that voice made her tremble, but not in a frightened sense.

He was her Sean, Come back from the realm of fallen warriors to seek her out and take her, as he once did ages ago. She kissed his hand and pressed it to her cheek.

"Morning light skims the earth my love. Go please. I must leave your realm for now." 

He grabbed her up and kissed her deeply. He whispered, 

"The night the moon grows full I will claim you as wife and lover again, my precious one."

With that he turned, and headed back to Byron's home. She stood rooted, her brother draping folded arms on her shoulders grinning smugly.

"Your infatuation with humans, oh dear sister I'll never understand you!" 

He tilted her head and kissed fully on the lips. Whispering, 

"Remember, humans, like their passions die off, I NEVER WILL."

She turned and fled from him, into the dying shadows of night, while he laughed at her folly, remembering how her skin felt against his own.

Part III

Galen was remembering... The night had been cold within the realm, but his sister demanded she be allowed to go bathe in the fountain of Kelianas for youth and virility for the humans' crops. She had stripped and dove in begging him to join her; to help wash her long tresses with the rowan scented soap their mother made. 

When he had finished washing her hair for her, she leaned back so he could hold her, her back pressed against him. She said she hoped that the crops thrived and the mortals would be pleased... Then she kissed him, her lips missing his cheek, pressing against his mouth. 

Startled she pulled away... Then the Lunapara struck them both. It was the bond that drew the gods to their sisters as lovers, the goddesses to their brothers and so on. In the cold water of the fountain, they made love beneath the moon's eye, while on the earth plane humans celebrated Beltane...

That was before he came along. Before that human stole her away from me... She's mine! She belongs to me! 

Galen cursed as he threw a stone into the fountain. He could still feel himself buried within her, Her cries of pleasure echoing in his ears. He clutched his head and moaned. It's not fair! It wasn't...! 

In the earthly realm Samhainna was talking with a human descendent of the son she bore a millennium ago...

"It's true then? He's come back? " The bright eyed maiden asked her Ancestress. 

Samhainna nodded. 

"Yes child he has." She replied.

"I see. What happens now?"

"I couple with him to bring his soul back to his body with his heart."

"Can you in time? "

"I pray so."

Part IV

Keiranna, Human descendant of Samhainna, watched the young man, intrigued by what she saw. He's not as he truly was... not yet anyway. She lifted her hand up and a small spark appeared. Even though she was after all human she possessed a few faerey talents. 

"Look within the will o' wisps light... Seeking your death would be my pleasure..." Byron went to sleep as Sean woke up. 

"Hello little one." He said looking up into the oak tree the young woman was sitting in.

"Hello yourself grandfather - give or take a few generations." She said jumping down. 

"You'll be ready by full moon ripeness won't you? "

"You get right to the point don't you?" Sean replied, somewhat taken aback by her abruptness. 

"Yes. I will." 

"Good." was all she said. She stood on tippy-toe and kissed his cheek. Then she walked away leaving him standing there alone.

Galen stood watching over his beloved sisters' sleep. He lay next to her stroking her smooth cheek, kissing her forehead. 

"I love you..." She stirred slightly. 

"Get away from me!" He grinned, 

"Oh poor dearie..." He said as he faded away into the veil.

She curled up in a ball, weeping quietly. 

Sean could hear her crying, the sound scraped against his heart. He didn't know exactly where she was, but he'd find her. He took off running, following her voice. 

She closed her eyes exhausted; he sat down pulling her into his lap, cradling her. 

Tomorrow night... She'll be full. 

She spoke into his mind. He held her tighter. 

"I know love... I'll be ready." A cold chill ran up his spine. I'll have to be. I can't lose her again... I can't... 

The next night 

The cave had been chosen because of its seclusion. Keiranna and her sisters had prepared the area, cleansing it and bringing in the hides of deer and other animals. Lighting the four torches at the corners of the cave room. Samhainna bathed in the icy river walked out and wrapped in green silk, her hair was brushed and braided by her female descendants. Keiranna blindfolded Sean when he reached the cave entrance, his hands bound behind his back. 

He was lead into the room, his hands untied then held, as a blade cut away all of his clothing. Oil was rubbed on his flesh, as two soft female hands worked his body into arousal. When he was ready, she entered the cave, casting the glamour.

The cave disappeared; replaced by the stone and earth cottage they shared the first night as being married together. 

She let the silk drop, mounting him, guiding him in. She held his wrists tightly, removing the blindfold with her teeth. He cried out as she worked her body against his, her muscles gripped him, holding him as she rode him, tears fell down her cheeks silently.

Then she felt it. 

His soul fused back together with his heart as he came. All the memories flooding back all at once. She slid off of him, laying her face against his chest. He smiled down at her, "My turn..." His lips and hands said for him what his voice would have failed at.

Part V

Fire consumed him as he entered her again. It was as if the centuries hadn't separated them at all. She cried out again and again, digging her nails into his back. With a shudder he came, collapsing in her arms. She smiled up at him knowingly.

"I think my lover greatly enjoys me."

He smiled, nuzzling his cheek against her breast.

"You have no idea, my faery woman. No idea."

Keiranna suddenly appeared beside them on the pile of furs.

"Hate to interrupt, but Uncle Galen's outside."

Samhainna leapt up, pulling a robe on as she went. She stormed outside as Sean followed. 

"You stay away from us! He's one with his body again! You won't take him from me!! Ever!"

She made a charge at him, all her fury built up, but two gentle arms encircled her waist and lifted her off her feet. 

"Easy li'l love. He can't do anything now." Sean gazed coldly at the male sidhe. 

"Not a goddamned thing." a wry smile played the edges of his mouth. 

Then Galen disappeared, leaving the two lovers in the woods. Keiranna appeared silently next to her grandfather. 

"Tis indeed good you're back. She longed for you from the day you died so long ago. It would have killed her, weren't she immortal." 

Her eyes turned silver-flecked emerald.

"And praise the gods you got her child heavy before you left. I and my sisters and mother wouldn't even be in existence!"

Sean laughed, chilled, she's right, he thought. It scared him slightly that he was looking at a female that his own son created through mingling his blood with a full human a millennium ago... 

Part VI

The fog closed in on Sean's mind, showing him a sequence of images: his beloved lying on their bed screaming as she fought to bring their halfling child into the world alive. It was rare that a child born of human and faery survived the birthing. 

A loud squall flowed from his son's lungs.

He saw his babe, he was beautiful. He saw his love smile and put him to suckle, watching his wife's eyes flow with tears of joy and sorrow. 

Oh god... She was in torment... he thought, watching her.

The birth of his son did nothing to lessen her pain. Then he saw his son grown and strong and well learned with the blade. He saw the sword he himself died in hand with handed to him, just as she promised me she would... 

Then he saw his son take a wife, and that wife bear him daughters, daughters that looked so like his mother. Only daughters. Why only daughters? 500 years flew by before his eyes. His son grew old and finally died at half a millennia old. 

The female descendents of his son, who had always known and had contact with Samhainna, formed a bond that would make all others of the line connected to her, unto the death of the final daughter... He saw Cernnounos, the forest god, talking to his wife only a few nights ago... 

"I could grant him immortality if he is found worthy..." Cernnounos grinned.

"Stop it my lord, you're hurting me with those words! The decree says you cannot! I know!"

The god smirked, then vanished. 

----------

"Sean?" Her soft bare flesh pressed against his chest. 

"Come on, you have to get home, it's getting late. Dawn's coming."

He grabbed her hand. 

"You can come with me now, love. Please do. I'm not losing you again." She smiled. 

"All right." They got into his jeep, and started driving through the wooded road heading toward the city. 

A deer- a buck ran out in front of the jeep. Brakes screeched as the jeep went over the ravine. Sean was thrown from the vehicle. She was too, but remained unhurt. 

"No!!!" 

She cradled his broken body in her arms. He was dying, and this time he'd pass into the realm of rest – the Summerland - never to be reborn. She screamed as he said with his last breath,

"I... I... love... You Samhainna...." 

~~~~~

They stood in a row, hidden, rain pouring on them. The funeral for Sean's body was over. Samhainna stood, her face stone, her granddaughters unable to rent her grief from her. 

Later, she was in the woods, alone with her grief, when a voice snapped her from her reverie.

"My dearest love, my sister I am truly sorry." Galen whispered in her ear, his arms went around her tightly. With her Sean gone forever now he was all she could turn to. He turned her face up and kissed her. 

He eased her down on the ground parting her thighs, then whispered in her ear. 

"My faery woman... Always you're mine..." 

That voice! It couldn't be! It wasn't possible! 

She heard Cernnounos' voice: 

"I can grant immortality if one is found worthy, my lady. He has an immortal body now. Your brother will simply sleep in the back of his mind forever." 

Tears ran down her face as she kissed him, holding him tightly. Don't let me go Sean. She spoke into his mind. 

Never my love, my lady; Not ever again. His words echoed in reply as they kissed.

Epilogue:

The horned figure smiled to himself as he backed into the darkness, casting a smirking glance at the pair. 

. "It's rare when our kind finds love with a human, Treat him, well my Daughter" 

~And thus ends the Seelie Court Times~