 The hunger shook Aella Skysinger so violently that she began to shiver as she rubbed her eyes, awakening to the first dawn. The sensation palpitating in her chest was growing by the day and she worried she could no longer bear it. She arose from her warm bed, pulling her robes tighter across her chest as if that would stop the burning inside of her. Clutching her garb tighter, she peered out of the window; the light was touching the edges of the great elven city of Silvermoon. And yet, in all of its beauty, the light shifted and clung to the edges of the capital, casting eerie shadows upon the white stone and rising towers. Aella writhed uncomfortably, turning from the sight as the feeling continued to flutter inside of her. This lust for the arcane, for pure magic, for power, would not soon cease. She only feared it may soon consume her.

Sighing, she began to get prepared for the day ahead despite her uncomfortable circumstance. Lessons and training rarely stopped for an acolyte mage, especially one of her caliber. Though she was the most powerful of the young blood elves in her elite division, her instructor, Voren'thal, refused to give her any praise or recognition. He chided her constantly, citing her destructive methods and her uncontrolled style of magic-wielding. "It will destroy you if you do not channel it properly," he told her once. "The arcane is as dangerous as it is powerful. You would not be the first to be consumed by your own raw power."

But Aella loved the feeling of being limitless. She loved the feeling of emitting spells from her fingertips, gently guiding them as they slithered from inside of her, rushing through her core and manifesting into beams of light and power. She knew it was dangerous but that seemed to only excite her further, spurning her on to make rash choices and cast even more dangerous spells. The feeling was intoxicating to her, intimate and wonderful. She craved it.

And yet, in the basements of the academies of Silvermoon, Aella found herself listening to the rambles of an elf who was eons old, warning her and her fellow acolytes of the dangers of the shifting planes of existence and the importance of concentration and control. It was all very tedious and many of the students found themselves daydreaming, Aella including. It was only until Instructor Voren'thal used the phrase "instantaneous teleportation" did Aella's pointed ears perk up.

After a long discussion of the safety and methods of their practice, the acolytes were allowed to begin to practice their teleportation in small ranges. The room was large but that did not stop some acolytes from colliding with one another mid-blink. Some found themselves hovering instead of leaping, crashing down to the ground with grunts and groans. And yet others could barely manage to disappear and reappear in only the same spot. Aella, however, was blinking all over the room, making a small lap and grinning as the rush of magic washed over her each time she did it. It was natural to her, like floating in a pool of water.

The lesson continued for some time and the acolytes were hollering and chatting, begrudgingly or enthusiastically practicing their new found power. The noise of the room did not register to Aella as she continued to show of her proficiency as the students looked on in admiration or jealousy. "It's quite easy," she admitted in a cheerful tone. "Watch!" She blinked around further while giggling to herself, high on her new abilities. She stopped only when the room fell silent and she heard his voice.

"Impressive, young mage. You learn fast."

The voice was low and even and a certain kindness to it rang. Yet there was no mistaking the authority of the voice. Aella whipped her head around to see most of the room kneeling before him, dressed in robes of gold and scarlet, flanked by two mighty paladins. Kael'thas Sunstider, the Blood Elf Prince.

Immediately, she fumbled with her robes and took a knee as well. "M-my prince," she sputtered out, bowing her head gently. "Th-thank you for your kind words..." Taking a quick glance at the prince, she saw he was giving her a smirk. Her face flushed and she stared hard at the floor.

"My lord," Voren'thal said, rising from his knee. "Anu belore dela'na." They gripped arms, familiar with one another, and Voren'thal's face softened from its usual grimace. "What brings you to these depths of our great city? Surely you must have more important business."

"I have business to attend to, old friend." The prince smiled softly, as if hiding a secret. "I thought I might stop by to say hello and to check on the young initiates. We will be needing great magi in our ranks soon enough." His volume did not shift, but there was a tone in his voice as he said "I foresee a great need for the power soon." The tone disappear but the two continued to chat cordially for a moment and the room was abuzz with murmurs of excitement about the visit from the great Sun King. Aella willed herself to look at him again, to see his beautiful features and the power of his gaze. The prince spotted her staring at him again and smiled warmly. Then he turned to say his goodbyes to the initiates and gracefully exited.

The urge in Aella's chest ached harder.

*****

That night, Aella laid in her velvet-covered bed, tossing and shutting her eyes as she tried to rest. The sensation was spreading, building up inside of her. Had she finally reached her limit? Would this need for magic grow exponentially until she was consumed, driving her to madness? It throbbed and throbbed inside of her. Opening her robes, she put her hands on her bare skin, trying to soothe an ache that wasn't truly there. Her skin was flushed and warm and her fingertips were chilled. It made her jump. She slid the cold hands up and down her body, caressing her breasts and her stomach and her thighs. She wished that someone would touch her, to hold her, to feel her...

Her hand slid down to her slit and she let the coldness of her fingers brush against her sex. Her spirit felt as if it was smoldering. She rubbed herself gently with one hand as she fondled her breasts with the other. She let out a soft whine, rubbing slightly faster and bucking her hips forward. She needed this. She pinched her nipples gently, feeling her slit getting wetter as she rubbed herself in small circles, whimpering quietly. 

Oh how she wished someone would grab her, to rub her, to thrust inside of her depths... Her fingers moved faster as she shut her eyes tighter and imagined a Sin'dorei male on top of her, kissing her and inserting his fingers in her. She imagined her prince, taking her roughly as his powerful eyes peered into hers, him staring at her as she came on his cock. "Kael..." she whimpered and the feeling began to wash over her again, the thrill of unknowable magical power and she came, hard.

The room felt as if it was spinning and Aella rubbed her eyes slowly, feeling a cool breeze run over her mostly naked figure. When she opened her eyes, she was in a dim room with high, vaulted ceilings and a canopy bed underneath her, made of the richest red silks and golden trim. The high of the orgasm came crashing down as she felt cold and confused. This was not her room nor any place she had ever been before - it was far too lavish and upscale for anyone that she had known. Where exactly was she?

She saw the room was round and had windows high with think drapes covering them. It was still night yet. Aella clutched at her robes, trying to hide her nakedness. In front of her was a large pair of doors. Squinting in the darkness, she saw the symbol of the blood elves, of her people and it began to dawn on her where exactly she was. 

The doors slowly began to swing open and Aella hurriedly tried to concentrate on teleporting back to her room in the acolyte tower. She felt chilled and exhilarated and dizzy and it was hard for her to think. Her form wouldn't move and she closed her eyes tighter, imagining harder. And yet, her spirit knew where she wanted to be. It was futile to even try.

"Now what is this...?"

Kael'thas stood in front of her, head cocked curiously to the side. Aella grabbed at her robes, trying to make herself more modest, but the prince had seen her pale legs, her flat stomach, the curve of her breasts...

"I - I don't know how I got here!" Aella exclaimed as the prince leisurely walked around the bed, lighting several lanterns with a simple flick of his wrist. "I was in the acolyte tower, I... I was there earlier, you saw me!" She was exasperated, ashamed, aroused. "I mean you no harm, my prince, truly! This is simply a mistake!"

"A mistake, hmm?" His smile softened and he turned, taking off his heavy armored robe and waving it away, allowing her a moment to brush her hair from her face and regain her composure. "What is your name, young mage?"

"Aella, my lord... Aella Skysinger."

He turned to face her and his green eyes, aglow with all of the knowledge of a thousand esoteric magics, pierced her just as she has imagined they would. Everything about the prince exuded power from his slight but beautiful form. The softness that he spoke with was only an illusion for up close you could see truly how formidable the Sin'dorei prince truly was. A wave of his hand could sent a legion to their knees and, at his core, pulsed the same aura of need and power that Aella had become so accustomed to living with. Only Kael'thas Sunstrider's power eclipsed her own by an unimaginable degree.

"Aella. If this was a truly mistake, as you are so fervently trying to convince me it was, then I see no reason why you are not free to go," the prince said, giving a slight nod and continuing to smile his soft smile. Aella scrambled to the edge of the large bed, trying to pull the thin robe over herself further. "I would be remiss as a leader if I were to punish lovely young mages like yourself for merely resting in my sleeping quarters." He began to unlace his intricately designed jerkin, slowly and by hand. Aella bit her lip and forced herself to stop staring at him as he casually undressed. Turning away, she stared at the door but did not lift herself off the of the bed.

"However..." he paused. "I would like to know how it is that you came upon my royal chamber. This place is guarded by hundreds of the finest paladins, enchanted to protect it from many of the most powerful spells, and this very keep is as old as the Sunstrider dynasty itself. How is it that you managed to come to this place?" His voice was curious but there was a sharpness to it that made her shiver.

"I... I truly do not know, my prince," she admitted, turning to him. "I think I may have... teleported."

The prince's smile began to widen as he chuckled to himself. Aella was struck by how foolish she sounded, how impossible it would be to merely teleport into the prince's quarters. He continued to chuckle as he eyed her up and down and a fear went through her that he thought she was lying.

"Interesting," he said, his smirk still on his face as he away from her, fiddling with something on his mahogany nightstand. "You have taught me something valuable today, Aella Skysinger. Though my chambers are nigh impenetrable, you have found their weakness. No matter, I shall see to it that they are enchanted on the morrow. You are free to go..."

Aella let herself exhale and placed her bare feet on the cold marble floor, ready to flee...

"Unless..." She paused as he spoke. "Unless you wish to stay here."

Wish to stay with the prince? She felt the bed dip slightly as his weight pressed down on it. Aella turned to see that he had sat himself down on the edge of the bed. The only sound in the silence was the thrumming of Aella's heart. "My prince?" she asked, unsure of what to stay.

"These towers are fortified by my own powers and that of my ancestors. You see, no enemy may teleport themselves into my keep, or the entire city, in truth. Still, I have minor enchantments to keep out the pickpockets and the populace from scrounging around my quarters; that would be an inconvenience, would it not? Yet somehow, you were able to come directly to the most intimate of places." He paused and smiled, pausing for her to understand. "Teleportation is as strong as the will of its wielder. Only a very powerful mage with a very powerful desire could have managed to materialize in my keep unannounced. I wonder... What it is that may have possessed you to want to be in my sleeping quarters so badly?"

His smile spoke volumes and Aella knew she was caught. The Prince of Silvermoon knew what it was that she wanted of him.

"My prince," she said steadily, her cheeks a lovely shade of pink. "All I desire is to serve you... however it is that you wish."

Kael'thas rose from the bed and walked to her, standing above her with a hungry look on his face. He lifted a hand slowly and placed it in her face softly. She closed her eyes and felt her prince's hand on her skin. Even gently, the tips of his fingers made her feel like there were sparks tingling against her face. The feeling rose from her chest again, burning her and spreading flames to her thighs and nether region, to her breasts and her lips.

"You are very beautiful, Aella." She opened her eyes and looked up at her prince. Hesitantly, she too raised a hand and placed it on his abdomen. Her fingers trailed down slightly, to the hardness that was growing steadily in his trousers. Stoic as her prince was, he inhaled sharply as she touched his manhood, stroking it back and forth slightly. The prince's hand brushed against her skin to tangle his long fingers in her snow-colored hair, gripping it with a slight force. "Truly beautiful."

She fumbled with the buttons on his pants, freeing his impressive cock. Leaning forward and licking the tip, she tasted his sweet precum. He inhaled again and it made her eager. She moaned on the head of his cock as she took it into her mouth slowly. Slowly, she bobbed her head on his cock, going slightly farther each time as she closed her eyes and savored him in her mouth. Taking him in her hand, she pumped his hardness into her mouth as she continued swirling her tongue around the tip. His grip on her hair tightened but it only made her want to please him more.

His hips began to thrust forward a little as he pushed himself into her mouth. She met his thrusts and began to take as much of him as she could manage without choking. Still, she could only fit around half of his thick erection into her mouth comfortably. He pumped faster, fucking her mouth as she moaned around his cock. Her hand traveled down to her wetness and she began to play with herself, rubbing her clit furiously. Opening her eyes to see her prince, he fucked her mouth harder as their eyes met, his hands twisting and playing with her hair.

She needed this. She needed to please him, to feel his touch against her skin and his cock in her mouth. She came with a sudden shudder, moaning on his cock as he held it in her mouth. Her pussy quivered and she continued to moan as she felt her wetness. He withdrew his cock from her mouth but continued to hold her hair to maintain their gaze as her lips glistened with his precum and her saliva. With his other hand, he continued to stroke his thick cock in front her slowly.

"I need to have you," her prince said in a low, breathy voice. His eyes were hard. "I need to feel you."

Aella nodded. The prince's lips came down upon hers and she kissed him hard. His tongue opened her mouth and they began to kiss deeper. His long hair fell, tickling her as he slid his arm around her waist to pull her into the middle of the bed. The prince pressed his weight onto of her and kissed her neck so lightly, breathing in her scent. He nibbled the lobe of her long ears, tracing his tongue along the edge as she gasped and moaned. 

The prince began to lazily caress her large, pale breasts, his long, thin fingers grazing over her pink nipples. He began to kiss his way from her neck, down, until he found the harden nipples. Slowly, he licked them gently, driving Aella to moan and fidget, but the prince kept her firmly in place with his strong hands. His continued his slow torture of her breasts as he sucked on them gently, one then the other. He grazed his teeth over them and bit them playfully. She placed a hand gently on his head, pressing her tits into his face as he pleasured her further. His fingers found their way to her slit as he felt how turned on she was by him. It surprised and pleased him to see the young mage so ready for him. He gave her clit a little rub and then slid two fingers into her as he continued licking and sucking her nipples. She cried out in pleasure and he pumped his fingers in and out of her, faster and faster.

"So tight," he murmured, almost amused.

She came again, coating his fingers with her juices as she gave a muffled moan. Her cunt was on fire and she rode her orgasm out so long as she writhed and moaned at her prince's touch.

Breathing heavily with disheveled hair, Aella attempted to sit up to reciprocate Kael's expert handling. However, before she could reach for his hardness, she felt him rip off the flimsy robe she was wearing and flip her onto her stomach. The side of her face and her breasts pressed into the bed but her hips lifted up. She was in heat and needed him.

He kissed her shoulders and pressed himself above her as she laid flat on the bed. She could feel him hard against her ass and back, grinding slightly to tease her. Aella moaned.

"My prince... please..."

He paused to kiss her shoulder blade again. "Hmm?"

"I need you," she said, embarrassed and moaning and dripping wet. "Please. I need your cock. Please..."

He raised his hips and lifted himself up. She glanced back, worried, but she felt his cock trail along her wetness. It circled against her slit, continually teasing her. "Is this what you desire?" he asked above her, his low voice making her moan again.

"Yes, please, yes." He circled her slit more, getting his cock wet with her juices. "I need you, my prince."

With that, he drove his cock into her firmly, sliding in her further and further. She began to moan and pant as he pressed all of his weight above her, driving his cock farther into her core. Never had she been filled the way her sun prince was filling her. This is what she wanted. Him inside of her and his skin on hers. She felt so erotic, so eager to please him. She needed his cock. She shuddered and gasped and pressed her face into the bed as she felt another orgasm building.

"I'm close... I'm going to..."

As she began to come, she felt his fingers graze over her lips. She sucked on two of his fingers and realized that those were the two he had brought her to orgasm with. As she tasted herself on his fingers, she came on his cock as she mewled with desire. Her orgasm seemed never ending as he pushed himself as deep as he could, holding it inside of her for a moment to feel her pussy tremble on his hardness, then resuming to slide in and out of her.

"It feels so good," Aella cried. "Please, please... fuck me, my prince. I need your cum. I need to feel you cum inside of me. Fuck me, my prince. Make me yours!"

His breath was heavy as he pounded into her deeper and deeper. As he thrust inside of her, he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. She watched as lust consumed the prince, his brow furrowed as he fucked her vigorously. His eyes stared at her and made her shiver.

"Say my name," he growled.

"My p -"

"No!" His voice was harsh and he fucked her even harder, pulling her hair back farther, making her cry out louder. He gave her bottom a slap and another, hard but turning her on more. Her breasts felt so good as they pressed against the sheets on the bed, her hips poised up to allow his cock to enter her core. She cried out as he continued to fuck her until she felt like she was going to come yet again. He watched her expression as he pounded her tight pussy harder. He leaned over and kissed her, fiercely, deeply. His cock began to twitch and grow larger as his orgasm approached. "Say it," he ordered again.
