 Lady Laerinia had an assignment for Aeriella, the apprentice was committed with a travel to a distant artifact trader, named Dariush, for shopping. Her task was to purchase several specific items and ingredients, and check what other interesting articles the trader had for sale. Aeriella received a generous amount of money, but was told to make only reasonable purchases; the elf could recognize the power and value of magic items and knew how to barter, so Mistress was safe to trust her with the deed. 

The road to travel was a long one, six days one way, but it was safe. The area along the road was heavily populated and highway patrols were plentiful. Still, there were four guards travelling with Aeriella; the elf herself was a valuable apprentice and her load made it even more worthy of an additional protection. 

The sorceress was travelling in a coach driven by two of the guards, the other two were travelling on horse. For the road Aeriella picked an outfit that was made specifically for such occasions; it was a catsuit made of an enchanted fiber. The elf cast the spell herself and the garment was woven by the best available weaver; the catsuit was very light and comfortable, but at the same time provided protection against either cold or heat. Aeriella could even change its colour, for now she made it silver. She put on leather boots with a ten centimetre high heels and a wide brim hat; there would be no need to cover her head in the coach, but it was better to be prepared, and she really like that hat.

The guards were doing a poor job of hiding their stares. Truth be told, Aeriella in her tight outfit was quite a sight to behold, she was taller than all four men even barefoot, so her heels made the elf tower over her escort. The apprentice did not mind the looks though, she considered them compliments and if she wanted to avoid the stares, she would have dressed in a loose coat.

The first day of the travel was boring, Aeriella spent most of the time alone in the coach. The men on the bench were having some idle chat and the other two were supposed to be scouting the road. They made some small talk during the rests, but that was pretty much all the interaction the elf had with her guards; it changed at the inn.

The tavern, called "Red Wine", was crowded with people, the elf wanted a single room for herself, the guards would be sleeping in the dormitory, but there were no such rooms free. The only one available could fit five people, Aeriella could easily afford it for herself, but it would be very rude of her to do that. She decided that all five of them could sleep together, the elf was not shy after all.

But the evening was still young and they were to spent a lot of time together before going to sleep. They ate a dinner together and then sat by the table and drank wine, the more wine they consumed, the better their conversation revolved; a spiritless chat changed into a friendly one. Cup of wine later Aeriella was flirting with her guards and after another one even teasing them. In a mood like that they left the common room and went upstairs; the elf lead the way swaying her hips with every step. When they were all inside, with the doors locked behind them, she stretched catlike making sure to stick out her breasts and buttocks.

"We might have left too early" she said in a seductive voice "I'm not feeling sleepy yet. What about you?"

The men's faces were already red and it was clear that sleep was the last thing they had in mind. But despite their mistress' being an outright tease, neither of them had the courage to act; after all they were mere guards and she was the sorceress. Nothing would have happened, if not for all the wine they drunk. Peter was the first one for whom the common sense was eclipsed alcohol-inducted courage, he came from behind the elf, grabbed her breasts with both hands and kissed her on the neck. If at that point had Aeriella shouted something like "What are you doing?!", it would have ended and Peter would be very ashamed. But wine was flowing in her veins as well, so she just moaned and opened her neck for his lips. That was all the invitation the guards needed, immediately they were all over her, touching, groping and kissing her body. The enchanted catsuit was so thin that the elf could feel their touches almost as well as if she was naked. She accepted their hands and lips everywhere, even though they were not gentle nor sensitive; it was all pure lust. 

Aeriella was not sure when and how she got naked, it felt so natural. The guards groped and kissed her body for a short while longer, then half-carried her to the bed. She laid across the it with her buttocks lying on one edge and her head hanging from the other. The elf was already wet between her legs, even a small amount of erotic excitement did that to her. One of the men, it was Peter again, grabbed her by the ankles, spread her legs and entered her without further ado. Aeriella moaned, but the sound was cut by a penis that entered her mouth, she started to suck it vigorously. It was not big, so deepthroating was not even a slightest problem for the experienced elf. The other two guards knelt on the bed on either side of the sorceress and fondled her body, they also guided Aeriella's hands to their penises, so they would get a warm up as well.

Peter did not last too long between elf's legs, he shot his load inside her womb way too soon for her liking. Fortunately there were others to replace him, one of the two on her sides, Karl was his name, immediately took from where his fellow left, but he was a sprinter as well. At the same time he ejaculated inside Aeriella, the guard with a penis in her mouth, named Otto, withdraw his member and shot his seed all over her breasts. Elf had to admit that while their stamina could have been better the volume of their loads was impressive. There was only one more guard, Wilhelm, left; he also chose Aeriella's love hole. He lasted long enough to give the elf an orgasm. When she clenched her vaginal muscles, he could not take it anymore and added a third load to her womb. Sorceress' cries must have been heard by half of the people in the tavern.

When the men sated their lust they seemed to be preparing for sleep.

"What do you think you're doing?" asked Aeriella, when she regained her breath after the climax.

The guards looked slightly afraid, they seemed to think their mistress was mad at them that they used her body; but that was not the case.

"Do you think you're done already? I'm not finished with you yet. Come back here!"

They were relieved and surprised at the same time. The men did not realize up till that moment, how lustful their mistress was.

Peter had the longest break from his orgasm, so Aeriella began with him. She knelt on the bed and took his penis into her mouth; she licked, sucked and deepthroated it and quickly the guard was hard again. At the same time, Karl and Otto were fondling elf's body, gentler and more sensitive this time and Wilhelm was fingering her love hole; he did not seem to mind the mixture of their seed oozing from it. 

As soon as Peter got really hard, he withdrew his penis from Aeriella's mouth and circled the bed to get behind her, he understood what their mistress wanted and was pleased to give it to her. The guard knew he should last much longer this time, it would hurt his pride, if he could not satisfy her. When Peter was penetrating the elf, Karl took his place at her mouth. But the sorceress was not going to just make him hard, she worked very diligently with her lips, tongue and throat. Karl did his best to hold, but fifteen minutes later Aeriella felt his penis twitching. She withdrew it, leaving all but the head beyond her lips and let the guard shoot his load into her mouth. Just as she swallowed the last drop, Peter brought her to an orgasm, she raised her head with a cry on her lip. Just like before she tightly clenched her vaginal muscles, it had the same effect on this guard as previously. Glad that he managed to satisfy his mistress, Peter ejaculated into her well filled womb.

Otto and Wilhelm waited until their fellows were done and took their places. This time Wilhelm's penis was in Aeriella's mouth and Otto's in her vagina. Just like Peter before him, Otto rose to the challenge and managed to give the elf a third orgasm, at the same time the sorceress gave the fourth guard fellatio of his life; she swallowed his seed as well. 

When all the orgasms subsided and the participants caught their breath, Aeriella said:

"You were wonderful, boys. Thank you so much! I'm glad will still have five more days... and nights ahead of us."

They mumbled their thanks and praises as well, like teenagers too shy to speak up. The elf was amused by that, but did not comment. The whole party went to sleep.

Aeriella being an elf did not need as much sleep as men, so she woke up at dawn. Her skin was still sticky from sweat and... other fluids that desiccated during the night. Since all the guards were sound asleep she had a lot of time to take a bath. Aeriella did not want any of her clothes to get dirty, so she wrapped the bed sheet around herself, it was not too clean either.

The only other person awake was the innkeeper's son who was rubbing the floor downstairs. He was at that age when he wanted to be treated and called a man, but everyone still called him "boy"; and the fact, that he was taller than average did not change that. But Aeriella was not everyone.

"Good morning" the elf called walking down the stairs.

"Good mo..." big "boy" paused as he saw the sorceress. He got a good look at the elf's body last night, when he admired her curves accentuated by the silver catsuit (Aeriella was well aware of it, of course). But he was still young enough to be intimidated by women dressed only in bed linens.

"I require your assistance..." Aeriella continued as if everything was in perfect order "I'm sorry, I forgot your name. Please, remind me what it was."

"T..Tom. My name's Tom."

"Tom, could you, please, make a warm bath for me? I like to start my day fresh and scented."

"Y..yes, mistress. Of course. I'll make it right away."

"Thank you, Tom."

"Red Wine" had a room that could be called baths, if someone was feeling generous. It had four big wash tubs and a special furnace for heating the water. The bath for Aeriella was ready surprisingly quick. 

"Here you go, mistress. Everything ready" Tom said, as he started to leave.

"Wait. I'll still need our help, Tom. I'd like you to wash my back."

The young man's eyes opened wide at the elf's words, they opened even wider when she unwrapped the sheet and placed in on the coathanger.

In slow, deliberate moves Aeriella walked to a shelf where sponge and soap lay, she picked them up and equally slowly moved towards Tom. She handed the items to the young man and said in a seductive voice:

"Be very thorough. My back needs a gooood cleaning."

Tom's face was red and his mouth was wide open, when he took the sponge and soap from the elf. Aeriella stepped into the tub and knelt in the hot water.

"Don't keep me waiting" she urged.

The young man obeyed and started rubbing the elf's back. He was very careful not to "touch too much"; completely unnecessary. Sorceress did not need help in washing any parts of her body. She was flexible enough to clean her back with just one hand. But she felt like teasing Tom a bit, so she played this game.

"I asked you to be very thorough, Tom. Please, don't disappoint me."

That gave the young man some courage and he brushed every inch of elf's back with the sponge. He also washed her neck, shoulders and got so brave, that he even reached the top of her buttocks.

"Thank you, Tom. You did a very good job. I think I'm going to employ you for the rest of my bath. Please, be some kind and wash the rest of my body as well."

With these words, Aeriella stood up and turned around to face the young man. His face turned dark red and his eyes, which managed to return to normal size, got wide as golden crowns again. But the excitement gave him courage, so he reached with the sponge to the elf's belly.

"Leave the sponge, Tom. Your hands should suffice. Just make sure to keep them well soaped. And start with my feet and move upwards."

The young man was more excited than he ever been in his life, he obediently put away the sponge, soaped his palms and knelt before Aeriella, she lifted her foot to let him wash it. When he was done she put it back and did the same with the other one; then Tom proceeded with the rest of her legs. Told once more to be thorough, he slowly "washed" her calves and next moved to thighs, there was more skin on them, so it took a lot of time to make sure they were clean. Tom skipped elf's crotch and she did not say anything about it, but she moaned softly, when he started "washing" her thighs. As commanded, he was very "thorough". Eventually Aeriella said:

"Now my chest, Tom."

Without a word, he probably would not be able to form them anyway, the young man stood up, soaped his hands and started "cleaning" elf's breasts. This time she was openly moaning at his caressing. Finally she said:

"There's one more spot to wash, Tom. But use sponge to do it."

With these words she spread her legs into stance as wide as the tub allowed. The young man was purple, but he obeyed and started "washing" Aeriella's crotch. Elf's moans got louder and more intense, Tom's other hand was playing with one of her breasts. After a short while the sorceress' body stiffened, she grabbed the young man for support, arched her back and gave a loud cry. When her orgasm ended, the elf said:

"Thank you, Tom. That was an amazing bath. You did a wonderful job. Now, please, be so kind, get a towel and dry me."

At that point the young man did everything immediately, although it was a bit uncomfortable to move with such a stiff erection in his pants; with shaking hands he dried the elf's body.

Aeriella was standing outside of the tube naked, just inches from the innkeeper's son.

"There's just one more thing, Tom" she said, as she looked him in the eye.

He could not form the words for any sort of answer, but there was no need for it. The elf knelt on the floor right in front of him and took down his pants and underwear. His penis was average, but the sorceress was amazed by the size of his testicles, Tom was a real man beyond all doubts. Aeriella licked his member and it twitched, then she took it between her lips and slowly moved into her mouth. When the head was inside she licked it again, that was all it took for the young man to erupt. As the size of his testicles suggested, he kept shooting his seed inside elf's mouth on and on. When eventually he ended, Aeriella swallowed all of his semen and licked his penis clean. She stood up and looking him in the eye, she said:

"You taste wonderfully, Tom. Thanks again."

The young man finally found some words in his mouth and replied simply:

"Thank you, Mistress."

Aeriella caressed his cheek and strode out of the baths naked, leaving Tom with his pants down.

When the elf return to the room, the guards were just waking. 

"Rise and shine, sleeping princes!" she said loud and merrily.

The men looked at her naked body greedily.

"Not now, boys" the elf said, as she dressed up "we still got a road ahead of us. But we'll be sharing a room for another five nights, so I'm sure we'll get to know each other a lot better. Last night was fantastic, but we can make it a lot better. Can we?"

The guards spoke and nodded in agreement. All were happy to learn, that their mistress not only did not regret, what she had done while drunk, but was also willing to repeat it.

They ate breakfast and were on their way. This time Aeriella was not sitting in the coach, but on the bench with Peter and Otto. They were glad to have her between them, because they could caress her thighs all the time. Karl and Wilhelm, who were mounted, got a bit jealous, but they knew they would all get their share of the elf's body during the night. The company chatted merrily the whole way, even the riders who were supposed to be scouting ahead. Fortunately, the road was safe. 

Lovemaking was one of the topics they mentioned, guards had already learnt that their mistress was far from being prude. Yet they were still slightly surprised how freely and openly she talked about sex, she made it clear what she enjoyed the most and what they could do to satisfy her even better. The men could not think of any advice to give the Aeriella who was clearly a lot more experience than them.

Each one of the next five nights was better than the previous, the company learnt to please each other better with every lovemaking session. Aeriella got and gave many orgasms and received a lot of loads in both her womb and mouth. There would be still six nights of the way back, but now there was a task ahead.

Dariush operated from a city called Prando, it was a large metropolis offering everything to everyone. There were inhabitants of many species and races, so a party of five travelers was not anything unusual. Still, the tall elf in a tight silver catsuit attracted a lot of male and even some female gazes.

Aeriella never met the artifact merchant, earlier Lady Laerinia had described him to the elf; the apprentice imagined him to be old, crooked and with a long grey beard. In reality Dariush was as unlike that as possible, he was a tall muscular middle-aged man with an olive complexion and a closely shaved head; he looked more like a gladiator than a trader. The sorceress found him very attractive, even more so after they talked.

Before doing any business Dariush invited Aeriella to a dinner, the food was delicious and the wine even better; of course this time the elf drank just a little. They had a friendly conversation and did not mention artifacts nor money until they left the tavern.

The business Aeriella made with Dariush was fruitful, sorceress bought all the artifacts, items and ingredients she planned, and even some more; the prices were attractive as well. After they shook hands, the merchant said:

"I am sure you were not planning to leave from Prando right away. I was wondering if you would like to spend this night in my bed chamber?"

Just like that, the most straightforward pick-up line. Even Aeriella was taken aback, even though she was not the one for subtleties. But there was only one answer she could give:

"It would be a pleasure."

"I am glad to hear it. This way please."

The trader embraced the elf's waist with one hand and lead her through his vast mansion. The bed chamber was spacious, but somehow cozy at the same time, it had a large canopy bed covered with numerous pillows.

Lovers helped each other undress, kissing, touching and exploring each other's bodies at the same time. The trader was slightly taller than Aeriella, his body was nicely toned and as hairless as his head. What the elf liked the most about his appearance was the colour of his skin, it was dark olive and made him look very exotic. His manhood was big, significantly longer and thicker than what her guards owned, it was not all that extraordinary for the sorceress who make love to males of various races and even species.

Dariush was gentle and sensitive, clearly experienced with tending to a female body and pleasing his lady was his main focus. After they shared a long and passionate kiss, he moved all the way down to the elf's feet, he dabbed her big toe with his lips, then proceeded to lick it softly until he reached her foot. There he planted a gentle kiss, the trader licked another few centimetres towards the ankle and kissed Aeriella's foot once more. All of it was done at an incredibly leisurely pace, he maintained that routine until he passed the elf's ankle; there, on her calf was was more flesh to attend to. Dariush held her leg up with one hand and caressed the muscles on her calf with another, he touched her skin with just the tips of his fingers, so it was almost tickling; almost, but not quite and on each place he caressed, he landed a kiss. Then he licked few centimetres further and started all over. After the calf came the thigh, there was even more flesh to kiss, lick and caress, and Dariush took his time. His touch was always amazingly gentle and he never rushed. 
