 I was thrown from the jovial warmth of Rehd's Tavern into the cold dismal night. Two ogreish bouncers tossed me through the tavern doors at a pace my drunken legs couldn't keep. I felt my feet fly from the deck stairs, and I landed belly first in the muddy street. After landing I realized that I managed the reflexes to get my hands under me, so my dizzy head didn't completely plow into the muck. The ugly duo then spat some rude commentary before disappearing back into the festivities of the tavern. 

I lifted my heavy frame out of the street's mire. Years at sea had set pounds of muscle under my tanned skin, which was now half covered in gray mud. The rain began to pour again, and soaked whatever parts the muddy puddle didn't saturate, but the mead still warmed my core. A tied up horse snorted a retort at my looks. I swaggered a dirty look at the mare while I tucked back my muddy blonde locks into a dripping black bandana. I had a long walk to nowhere ahead of me. 

I was now officially shipless in the seaside town of Mellowhale. Mast Sowenhorn, pirate deck hand of Mellowhale Cove, had hit rock bottom. My reputation destroyed. My last golden coins stolen by a tavern whore in Rehd's. This was the reason for my unsightly escort into the somber tide of loneliness.  

That was the irony of it. Women. They be the end of me. Even as I walk this rainy night alone as drunk as I may be, memories swirl around my head like a school of hearty tuna.

I should have known better than to be hired on the deck of The Slivermate. A pirate ship captained by the most fierce auburn-headed ladies of Mellowhale, Trissa Darkly. She had a reputation for taking what she wanted. Aye yes, the pirate woman even stole my heart; and for that we struck a deal that made her her first mate. I whipped her crew into an force to be reckoned with.

For I was the one who turned her glistening planks into a bloody destiny. Darkly had the heavy guts and the meaty body for the orderin', but her ship and crew were too new-sprung for her ideas. I had a ways of managing a crew, of leading them through acts of piracy a loon wouldn't suggest. 

Yet Darkly demanded.

One time she ordered the Slivermate to tie decks with a ship that was offloading on the docks! Now every good pirate knows that's a crazy plan, cause the dock guards would be on ya like a gull on a fiddler crab. That didn't stop her.

We swiftly drew swords on unsuspecting deck hands and cargo boys alike. Side-by-side we split the guts of men armed with harmless chains and ropes. The guard didn't ever get the chance to be alarmed! After the massacre we pulled aboard countless bloodstained chests of kingly treasure with severed little hands still gripping the handles. 

That is how you birth a pirate crew ya know! It's a baptism of blood. Under Darkly's command I broke in our lads by putting notches in their shiny swords. After the shock of their blood drenched hands was washed away by the spray of the sea, they swallowed their guilt with some warm stew of rats. We put gold in each of their hands, and death in their eyes. 

That was Darkly's way. I do admit, it got easier with time. She made it for me. The lass whispered spells into my ears that made killin' n' plunderin' feel all the more better. For Darkly's pleasure was what I lived for, and what pleased Darkly more was less of the plunderin'- and more of the killing. It was soon said that the wake of the Slivermate was always crimson, and there be some truth to that.

I remember one time we took wrath upon a good sized cruising ship for the thrill of it. It was near sunset and the boat was adrift for a festivity of some sort, full of four or five lordly families. You should have seen their eyes when the black flag of the Slivermate fell upon them. The rich folk were no match for even two of us, and we swamped their decks with a crew of twenty blood-crazed men. 

We butchered the families' sires first with our swords, to chum the water for sharks with twitching chunks of their bodies. Soon the waves around the plank was churning with terrible pointed fins. One at a time we threw in the women, and then the children into the seething red pool of death. How their hollow screams filled the dusky air as monstrous sharks pulled them into the depths to make meals of them. 

And to the chorus of their wailing screams Captain Darkly let out her own cries. She beheld the sight up-close from the window sill of her quarters. She had a near sea-level view of the horrid feeding. Yet, mind you her cries were not of guilt, but from the wave crushing orgasms the sight of this kind of death spurred in her britches. I should know, for as her first mate was ordered to make such a thing possible by humping her meaty rump like a dirty sea dog.

I noticed Darkly missing as the fourth of ten was thrown into the deadly soup. I found her a moment later in the quarters. She was watching through her opened window, hands between her legs, feeding her furry sea clam wiggling digits. After a moment she noticed me watchin' from the door. At first I thought she would order me locked away in the stow. To my disbelief, Darkly instead leaned over the sill of her window and hiked her dress up. Then she beckoned me with a demon's grin to pull down her panties and waste no time in gettin'' in into her. 

I did as I was told as any good mate would! She was insatiable! My rough hands would grab the fatty handles on her hips as my cock would probe under her ass for the cavernous mouth of her sex. Hot and whet every time, needing no urging to go! Darkly ordered me time and again to feed her hungry red snapper with my slippery mackerel every time we plundered a thrill for blood. You'd think she was a shark herself! 

When the last child was silenced by the drowning pull of a watery beast; when the last crew mate cheered out in excitement; when the last tremor of her quivering sex subsided, she would release my softening anchor from her muddy grip. I admit I was almost always spent my sperm into her at that point. Her fleshy sex sucked every bit of man from me, like a hungry octopus. Afterwards she'd kiss me once and make me clean her salty sea lips with my tongue to her approval. Darkly said it was my duty to swab her decks after a good humping. So I accepted the bitter taste of my merit.

After almost two passing winters at sea, and countless encounters as such, I assumed her barren. And aye, it was not a bad perk for a pirate.

But me luck changed this summer when we pressed our fortune too far by taking on a sea ranger's ship. We clashed nastily, and took to facing off with swords a bit too quick. The unlucky bolt of our opposing captain's crossbow hit Darkly between the blades of her back. 

She gasped for breath like a floundering fish, dying in my arms as pirates and rangers met in bloody melee around us. My pirate captain and heated lover handed me a pendant of a dolphin with ruby eyes. Darkly had worn it for as long as I had knew her. She took my ear and choked out. "Mast Sowenhorn, take this pendant from me. It's hung over my heart for eighteen summers. It's the key to another heart in Mellowhale, one better suited for you. She lives below the city." Blood trickled from her lips as she lay back into my arms. With her last fighting breath she ordered, "Find her. She will free your heart from our evil." I hugged her one last time, and closed her eyes. 

It became apparent that this battle would be our first and final lost. Already the rangers hit the SliverMate with a cannon ball that penetrated one side of the ship and blasted out the other into a thousand seaward splinters. The deck began to tilt as she instantly took on water. I left Trissa Darkly to go down with her ship. I swam for shore.

That was two seasons ago. The rain was letting up a bit now. I can see the full moon between splitting clouds. A persistent breeze chilled my soaked clothing. I felt the heaviness of the pendant hanging on my neck. It felt burdensome. I saw an old inn at the end of the street. I knew I could perhaps pawn the piece for a weeks stay in a dry room. Which would be just enough time to find another ship out of this cove.

I did make my way towards it with some conviction when I noticed the eyes of the dolphin pedant began to glow red. I then heard something, like a hollow splash to my left. I looked closely between the buildings was a ravine that fed into a dark sewer pipe, about ten hands high in diameter. It was the source of the splash. I turned my head back to the inn when I then heard my name, "Mast SSsowenhorn." The pronunciation of my name was drawn out and serpentine like. I turned towards it, and again it sounded as if it was coming from the sewer pipe. "Come closer, I've been waiting for you pirate," It beckoned melodiously. I wasn't sure, but I though I could see something move in the sewer pipe.

A new kind of cold crept up my spine. The kind incited by stories of sea creatures taking men to black depths in the grip of tearing tentacles. I wanted to run, but I also wanted to confirm what I imagined was another consequence of my drunkenness. I shook my head and took another step forward. "Who goes there?" I said not all that loudly. I noticed my pendant glowed brighter with each step. 

She, spoke again less mysteriously and more playfully. "Oh ye poor soul. I have a use for ye here." 

I then saw two eyes blink open, bright amber eyes peer out to me from the dark sewer. Now a few steps closer I could also see that the sewer hole was dressed with floral masonry around it's edges, in an effort to make the stinking place appealing to the eye.

"Show yerself," I ordered. "Show yerself spirit hag and I might be more apt to walk over, and not to leave you."

"Oh, I am no hag," she said, and suddenly in the azure moonlight I saw the head of a stunning silvery blonde woman show possession to the amber eyes. Her face was angular like a feline, lips full and red that directed me with charm. She seemed very young. "I am your fate, darling."

In that moment, she lifted a slender fingered hand and blew a kiss in my direction. As if a harpoon on my heart, the kiss stuck in my chest. It plucked any doubts, and replaced it with a strong urge to see more of her. I felt my legs take step after careful step towards the sewer. The haunting voice of Darkly's last words echoed in my head. "She lives below the city. She will free your heart."

When I was several paces away from the sewer, she stopped me with a nod of her head. She then placed her hands before her, and lifted her torso up from the muddy mire at the base of the sewer. The mud didn't cling to the pale skin. Instead it dripped away, giving view to large pale breasts of peach colored skin with dark pink nipples. Her abdominal muscles were strong and cut under her breasts. Her skin had a type of blotchy green mosaic patterning below her in-turned belly button. She smiled, noticing my intense admiration for her beauty. So intense, it stirred an sudden swelling in my boxers. She then propped her head up with her chin at the edge of the sewer. "Come kiss me Mast Sowenhorn," she said. "Come closer and kiss me."

Her eyes were lanterns that sparked a deep internal fire in my gut. I found myself sliding into the ravine and looking eye level at the seductress in the sewer hole. I was charmed by her. Intrigued beyond the smell of the muck that gripped my boots with each closer step. I had every strange intention in kissing her. "Who are you?" I managed to ask, as I approached the edge of the hole. The creature looked at me devilishly. "I'm everything Darkly wanted for you. I am her sister. You can call me Sunny."

She then reached out and grasped me from behind the neck and pulled my lips to hers. Our parted lips pressed together. I felt the grip on my neck tighten as we kissed. Her tongue was smooth and forked? It was an odd but interesting sensation as her smooth snakelike tongue explored my mouth. Our kiss was intense but short lived. We separated with panting breaths. Her indeed forked tongue slid from my lips into her mouth.

Her hungry eyes then settled on the pendant around my neck, and I could see the glowing red gems reflect in the center of her pupils. "Oh that is a lovely pendant. Will you give it to me?"

I felt as if I was in a dream. I was becoming part of a strange tale told by bards in taverns. "Of course," I replied. "Your sister gave it to me." I undid the clasp that locked the chain around my neck and then put it around hers. My wrists brushed against her skin when she leaned forward to accept the present. It was oddly smooth, and a bit clammy. Still her smile was so captivating these things seemed oddly minor. 

She held the pendant against her heart. It sparkled in the moonlight as if it was new. "I love it Mast! I love you! Come closer to me. Sit up here." She urged, patting the wet edge of the sewer. 

I did so obediently. I took seat at the edge of the mired hole and lifted my legs so I sat perpendicular to her. She then turned and faced the other direction, towards me. Doing so she swung her legs forward. Long and fascinating legs. They were thick and muscular, and the same splotches I saw on her tummy covered her legs in a giraffe-like mosaic pattern. Her thighs were together, so I could enjoy the ample curves of her naked ass, but Sunny's most feminine part was concealed from my sight. I was massively aroused and curious.

"Yer naked," I said, as if it needed to be said. 

"You should be naked," she replied as if being clothed in a sewer pipe was abnormal.

"We're in a sewer. Why are you in the sewer?" I said, and then took notice again that her pale skin glistened, and no scum was successful in sticking to her. I also notices the ireful frown that crossed her features by my comment. She reached out and touched my chest. 

"Your soul has been in the sewer for so long in my sister's company," she replied. "What difference would it be for your body to follow me."

The statement seemed oddly rational. Where did I belong for the things I had witnessed, for the things I have done? As if she sensed her words had struck a chord with me, Sunny lifted one of her legs and slid it over mine. Her foot landed softly between my legs. She giggled, "don't fret my pirate. You serve a good purpose in finding me."

The spreading of her legs intentionally gave me ample view of her bare sex. Sunny's yielding mounds were slick and hairless, and the patterning on her thighs blended together into solid sea green in this most intimate spot. A reddish hue painted Sunny's long delicious slit which separated just enough to show the raw petals of her sexual sea flower. Her hand went to it and she touched herself teasingly. Sunny's slender index finger caressed the swollen outer lips of her sex. I could barely hear her voice from the blood rushing through my eardrums.

"I am a mermaid Mast. My domain is these sewers under Mellowhale, and fate has led you here for my use," she said.

"What fate is so kind?" I asked, as I felt her foot massage against my swelling penis. I barely noticed Sunny's left hand reaching aside her and pressing into a crevice in the slick sewer wall. I heard a mechanical snap. She then retuned the hand to my cheek.

"The fate that will put your sperm in me snatch for babies," she said convincingly. Her finger now curled into her sex, disappearing into wet folds. "My sister has sent you to me. Though she was barren for birthing, I am a fertile as a squid."

My hand slid out to touch her, to confirm this was not some delusion. Her right hand took my timid wrist and guided my hand to her breast. Her eyes closed as I grasped a soft handful of her flesh. She was slimy to the touch, an interesting sensation as I kneaded her soft doughy flesh between my fingers. She moaned, and fingered herself more urgently. My own sex was now rock hard. With my free hand I pulled the clasp to my belt loose.

Sunny took the hand that was on my wrist and dove straight for my open pants. Her fingers wiggled under my garments and around the shaft that throbbed within. I jumped at the coolness of her fingers, but they wrapped themselves around me tightly. She smiled as I felt gentle pulls on my hardened length.

I heard the slow metal slither of metal, like a sword from it's sheath. I turned to it and saw black bars had slid shut the opening to the sewer. She squeezed my cock to regain my attention. It worked. Her hungry amber eyes locking onto my gaze. Sunny then leaned forward. I thought to kiss me again, but instead she stopped short and whispered. "We must go from here. I must be wetter soon."

"Wh, where are we going?" I staggered, not wanting her stroking to stop.

"Deeper," Sunny said, and I saw a sudden movement to my side. I felt a prick on my neck.

It suddenly fell dark on me, like someone had turned the lights out. Any tension in my muscles oozed out of me involuntarily. I felt warm and sleepy. The odd sensation of being carried in a mattress of kisses that surrounded my body.

***

Red and yellow light flickered in the darkness. I woke slowly, and rubbed my tired eyes. The smell of the sewer was less pungent here. I was laying on a perimeter ledge in a cavernous round room. I sat up and my squinting eyes adjusted to the dimness. A triad of torches lit the domed, gray brick walls, and water. I rose to my knees and examined my surroundings better. 

Five evenly spaced dark sewer pipes fed a steady flow of sewer water into a huge black pool in the center of the room. My mind slowly recounted the steps that brought me here, but my recollection was dreamy at best. The smell of sea salt permeated over a lesser amount of sewage in the warm humid air. 

Suddenly two slender hands gripped the brink of the ledge. Out from the brown murky pool came the smiling wet face of Sunny. Her majestic beauty once again besting the ill elements of her surroundings. Her face pieced together the puzzle of my location- deeper in the sewers of Mellowhale. 

"I'm sorry about that Mast, but it was the only way. How do you feel?" 

My hands ran over my neck. I looked over myself just realizing some differences. I was shirtless, and my pants were soaking wet. My bandanna was still wrapped on my head. Parts of me were slick with a clear slime. "I think. I don't know. What- what do you want from me?"

Her hands gripped the ledge, and with a strong push she lifted her torso out of the dark pool. Brownish tinged water streamed off of her well-cut and powerful curves, as she pulled her erotically divine body up onto the ledge. To my surprise, her backbone didn't end at her rump, but instead carried on into a long green dorsal-finned tail! Her knees then rose up and perched onto the ledge. Sunny did have legs, the thick muscular ones I remembered from before; but her feet tapered down to a finned flatness that spread at her toes. Behind her Sunny's serpentine tail slithered onto the ledge like an endless giant snake. The mosaic patterning on her waist and legs continued down her tail, and then came together solid forest-green bands towards the triangular fluked end. She was a frighteningly beautiful creature. 

I rose to my feet and took a step back. She giggled at me.

"Mast, I told you I was a mermaid. Do you not remember what I told you?" She cocked her head and folded her arms around her waist, hoisting her ample pale wet breasts together between her arms in a sultry pose with pouted lips. "I suppose the venom can cause memory loss. I just gave you a touch to knock you out. Don't be afraid of me though, I have a really good use for you."

I didn't answer her. A blended of feelings tugged at my soul. I was deeply fascinated by Sunny, her eyes made my heart dance with excitement.

Sunny lurched forward. My back hit the wall behind me. My hands went forward to stop her progress, but her strength and speed was surpassingly titanic. Her hands caught my wrists and pinned them to the wall. In an instant she pressed her wet chest and stomach against mine. Her chest was slick and initially ice cold from the water. I strained against her once, but she held me at bay with a sea wolf's grin on her face. I relaxed, convinced escaping her was a vain proposition. Where would I go? I looked into her eyes. "Kiss me Mast," she said. "Kiss me and I'll ease your fears." 
