 Chapter 1—Hera’s Discovery

“—And by Tatarus, I’m sick of it!” Hera shouted.

Athena looked demurely away. “Well, he is Father of the Gods. He is supposed to make a few new ones, every now and then…” The pair were eating ambrosia on a terrace on Mount Olympus, home to the pantheon of Gods that dominated most of the Middle Sea. 

Hera glanced at Athena bitterly. “He’s also my husband!” she snapped. “I can’t believe you all defend him like that! Don’t rules count for anything?”

Athena gave a polite cough. “Well, yes, they do, but—well, he IS the rules.” She glanced at Hera sympathetically. “It’s important to remember that.”

Hera looked away. “And I count for nothing? I’m the Queen of Heaven…”

Athena sighed. “Hera—he’s my father. Don’t ask me to attack him—I can’t…”

Hera nodded slowly. “I should have expected that from…” Suddenly she gasped. “Oh, would you look at that?”, she said, pointing over to another table.

Athena glanced over and then stared, her eyes wide. “Why that—hussy…”

The object of their scorn sat at the opposite end of the terrace. Aphrodite was being fed ambrosia by Ares, who tall, handsome, and definitely not her husband.

Hera shook her head. “How can Hephaestus stand that?” 

Athena sighed and shrugged. “He’s really to sweet for his own good…”

Hera glared over at the lovers’ table. “And with Ares? He’s not even an Olympian! That Thracian bastard spends most of his time sucking up to Zeus and the rest of us, and the other half boasting! The moment he runs back to daddy Atlas is the moment the whole Mount Olympus gets cleaned up…” Hera shuddered. “And to have an affair with him! That woman has absolutely no taste…”

Athena nodded. “Hephaestus really deserves better than her.”

Hera looked at her pointedly. “He was always fond of you.”

Athena started and then shook her head a little too hurriedly for Hera’s tastes. “Oh, you know I pledged to Zeus to remain chaste and unwed…”

Hera sighed. “So did Artemis, though I think she had different reasons…” Hera chuckled. “You and her aren’t seeing each other, are you?”

“Of course not!” Athena stood up, suddenly. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to be in Athens. They’re praying for victory right now, so I figure I’ll inspire the troops…” With that Athena vanished. Hera frowned. Athena was probably the only friend she had among the gods—and even she wasn’t that close. It was probably her temper that drove the others away—but damn it, could anybody blame her! Hera felt a wave of anger steal over her that caused several house fires and a small heat wave before she could get it under control. Several hundred years of marriage, and Zeus still played the field with an enthusiasm no mortal playboy could hope to match. Mortals—nymphs—goddesses—sometimes it seemed there was no limit to what he’d bed. Hell, he’d even screwed a few men over the ages. And she—his wife was just supposed to sit back, and take it with a smile. Hera stood up and left the terrace. She couldn’t eat anymore—she was simply too angry. Walking back to the Celestial Palace, she swore that next time she caught Zeus, she’d do something to teach him a lesson. Something more forceful than turning the girl into a cow. As she entered the palace, she was surprised to find that the servants were all gone. Five steps in, and she realized why.

“Oh, Zeus! Ohhh, Zeus! It’s so goood! Fuck!”

Hera snarled. Okay, this was it. Zeus and his latest floozy were in for it. She walked forward, following the ecstatic cries of joy the couple were making.

“Ohh—ohhh” groaned Zeus. “Damn it, you are still the best lay I’ve ever had!”

“And so are you!” cried his paramour. “You always fill me up so good! So good and hot!”

Hera reached the source of the noise—a small back closet in the palace, closed with a thick curtain. Behind it, she heard the frenzied sound of flesh slapping against flesh, as the couples’ sex session continued. A thin smile spread over her face. All she had to do now was open the curtain, and she’d catch Zeus in flagrant delicto, as that little village in Italy liked to put it. Still for a moment she hesitated. This was a risky step.

“Fuck-fuck-fuck me with that great big dick of yours!”

“Only if you keep squeezing me with that marvelous juicy pussy of yours!”

“It’s a deal! Just don’t stop! Don’t-ever-FUCKING-STOP!”

Okay. They were fried. Hera opened up the curtain, and gasped quietly at what she saw. It was impossible. Even Zeus had his limits didn’t he? He couldn’t be doing this…

“Ahhh! More! More! More!”

But he was. Zeus’s muscular form was energetically pounding against the curvaceous body of Rhea, his mother. They were both standing up, Zeus pressed against her back, and pushing his cock into her with enough force to make Rhea’s pendulous breasts and luscious full ass jiggle.

“Oh-oh-fuck—I’m going to come, son! You hear that? You’re going to make mommy come!”

“Shit! This pussy of yours is going to make me come soon, mother. It’s so fucking good…”

“It should be—it made you!”

Hera stood there, trying to breathe. They hadn’t seen her yet. Good. She could go, and they’d never known she’d seen them—them fucking. Rhea and Zeus fucking. Fucking each other. A mother and son, fucking. How could they do it…? How…? Hera stared at them. Zeus was grabbing Rhea’s breasts and was now yanking roughly on her nipples. Rhea groaned, and leaned her head back to kiss him. Hera was glued to the doorway. She knew it was wrong, knew it was sick, but she just had to watch these two.

Rhea and Zeus broke their kiss. “Shit—I’m coming!” screamed Rhea. 

Zeus slapped her ass, lustily. “Oh yeah! Come on my cock—come on my cock, bitch!”

Rhea looked back at him, and gave a nasty sneer. “First, shoot it in my pussy! Shoot your wad in mommy’s pussy!”

Zeus bellowed, and grabbed Rhea’s shoulders, thrusting forward with sudden force. “Shit! Shit! Feel it! Feel it! Feel my seed in your cunt!”

Rhea screamed in response. “Fuck! Fuck! Oh, FUCK! You’ve made mommy cum, son! Feel MOMMY CUUUUM!”

Hera watched as the fluids leaked from Rhea’s cunt down the pair’s legs. Breathing heavy, a thin sheen of sweat on their divine bodies, the pair leaned against each other. Rhea kissed Zeus’s cheek lightly, as he massaged her clit with his right hand, and her nipples with his left. “Zeus, my son, you’ve reminded me exactly why you’re my favorite son.”

Zeus nipped her ear in response. “Also the most duteous.” He moved down to her neck. “Now then, are you ready for another round…”

Rhea gave a throaty chuckle. “As soon as you are, dear…”

Hera leaned forward, now, intent on seeing more. It didn’t matter that Zeus was screwing his mother—or rather it did, but it only made things hotter. She just had to see them do it again. Hera smiled slightly. Divine incest shouldn’t seem so very odd to her. She and Zeus were, after all, brother and sister, even if things had been so odd that even he seemed to forget that most of the time. But still—Rhea represented a line that even Hera had thought couldn’t be crossed, and now it turned out, Zeus had done that—had done that often enough that the pair had even developed a certain familiarity…

Hera was so busy thinking that, that she failed to think about other matters like balance, and toppled forward into the closet, right in front of Zeus and Rhea. The pair broke their foreplay mid-kiss to stare at her. 

“Hera?” Zeus stated—more mildly surprised than concerned, Hera noted.

Hera gulped, and stared at him defiantly. “I saw it, Zeus! I saw the whole thing! Do you think you can keep the throne when the other Olympians discover you’re giving it to your mother? So if I were you, I’d…”

Hera’s tirade was cut off from a deep laugh from Rhea. “Hera? Spying on us? I think she’s been a naughty girl, don’t you, Zeus, dear?”

Zeus grinned. “Oh, yes, I most certainly do…”

Rhea stepped out of his embrace, leaving Zeus’s impressive cock hanging in the air. Hera stared at it, nervously, as Rhea kneeled before her, her large breasts and erect nipples inches from Hera’s face. Rhea licked her lips, as she eyed the fallen Queen of Heaven. “And we all know what happens to naughty girls, don’t we?” Rhea’s hand ventured forward and gave Hera’s ass a light swap. “They get punished…”