 Alternate categories: lesbian, exhibitionist and voyeur

---

Eva was not a naive woman. She wasn't nicknamed The Eyes by her cousins without reason; she was quite good at perceiving when anything around her happened. Despite the childhood teasings, her sharp wit and keen eye granted her quite an abundance of success. How many other baseborn women could claim that they had earned their way into the castle?

From maid to handmaiden, Eva rose in the ranks--as much as one could as the daughter of a pig farmer. The Queen Regent's niece accredited the newest fashions of the land to Eva's expert cognizance. She had a knack for looking at a person and simply knowing what was going on in their mind, whether they were true or evil, honest or ungenuine. Beyond that, she had wonderful taste, and so the royal family unanimously agreed that she should be in charge of floral arrangements for the ball.

This was how she ended up being allowed to lead a small trio of maids in making flower chains for the ballroom. Abigial and Bessie already retired to get some rest, but Eva and Gretta remained.

"I just want to get this finished so we aren't in a rush tomorrow," Gretta insisted. She was a sweet woman, a tan and beautiful woman who was never able to conceive a child with her husband. Rumors blamed her for being baron, other, harsher, ones claimed the husband was never interested in women in the first place. Eva knew better. Charles longed for her any second she didn't look at him, she could tell. He would often sneak around to steal a glance from her as if he still courted her as a young pup. She could tell just from his eyes how he longed to have her any moment they didn't touch--which was often, as etiquette required. Gretta noticed these stares, often dropped things clumsily or giggling to catch his attention.

One particularly private night, Eva lay awake, unable to sleep, and she heard them in the supply closet right next to her private chambers. Their sounds aroused her beyond what she previous imagined possible--and, to her surprise, more Gretta's little moans than anything. It became a secret goal of hers to hear those moans in person, right in her ear with the sweet woman's breath right on her neck. She wanted to cause those sounds, to feel the way she gripped at Charles when he pressed against her. And, if Charles was also there, helping curate those groans and sighs, that just sounded all the better.

That private night, Eva never slept. Instead, she let her hands play husband for her, pretending she was in the same closet as Gretta and Charles. Eva was simply exhausted the next morning from her extensive nighttime activities, but nothing could kill her good mood. This needed to happen again, a time where she could watch what they did.

However, Eva often felt a little bad for the couple. They were married and desperately in love, ached for each other, but they didn't see one another very often. They couldn't sleep together, as the castle didn't have enough rooms for their servants to live with family. Where did they even steal away to be together? There must have been more places than the one supply closet, as Eva only caught them once--though not without effort.

They were very careful to be discrete, but tonight, Eva decided that she needed to absolutely stay in the same room as Gretta until she could no longer pretend not to notice what was going on under the table. This extra excitement only motivated Eva to be quite a bit more bold than she had ever been.

Right after their supper break, Eva led the group of maids back to their room to continue crafting the flower decorations. She saw, ever so briefly, the shadow of a familiar man disappear into the room before she could turn the corner completely. Something kept Eva's words at her throat, even when the four maids entered the room and shut the door behind them. 

This simple storage room held a table, covered in a cloth, that now swayed slightly as if someone ducked under to avoid being seen. Eva expertly hid her smile, and sat herself between Bessie and Abigail so that she could be directly across from Gretta.

Her suspicions were proven right throughout the evening, as Bessie and Abigail bickered periodically about kicking one another. 

"I did no such thing!" Bessie claimed, haughty. 

Eva cut off their argument before it could begin: "Focus, dear ladies. We don't have much time." Neither woman kicked the other or stepped on their toes--it was, of course, Gretta's naughty husband, hiding under the table. She let him sit there, probably terrified of getting caught, embarrassed for miss-judging the time. She only left him in discomfort for an hour, though, before she dismissed Bessie and Abigail. 

"Rest up, you've worked so hard today. You've earned an early retirement." And, because twisting flowers into braids was infinitely tiring on the eyes, the women agreed and left. "Gretta, you seem so eager to work!"

"I just want to get this finished so we aren't in a rush tomorrow." 

Eva smiled at her and nodded. "I appreciate your foresight! I suppose if the flowers wilt from the humidity, we could just...brush them all under the table cloths, hm?" The woman across from her kept her gaze down, but nodded furiously as she twisted a few leaves together. Gretta jumped a little, biting her lips into a thin line.

Gretta's breathing was quicker than when they sat down, and her hands shook just slightly. Eva had her own fair amount of love affairs. She knew that Charles was crouched under the table, kissing his wife's legs, massaging her thighs. He was almost silent, but Eva could hear the quiet movement of fabric if she listened very carefully.

"How's your husband, dear?" Eva decided to ask, raising her brows. "I can't imagine how...hard...it must be to not live with him." She tied a string around a small bouquet of flowers, and just glanced through her lashes at the young woman.

"Oh, it's...it is quite...difficult," she admitted quietly. Her chest was flushed; Eva imagined that her husband's fingers were fully up her skirts, teasing her, threatening to touch her while they weren't alone. Perhaps he liked the idea of being caught just as much as Eva liked the idea of catching them.

"And, if I may be so bold to say, I can't honestly see how you keep your hands off of him. He's an incredibly attractive man." Eva straddled a line, there, but she had the distinct feeling that Gretta would not mind sharing a few erotic details tonight in particular. And if she was up for that, perhaps....

"I--I--," the woman began to stammer, fully staring, now.

"Oh, forgive me," Eva continued, feigning embarrassment, "it's been so long since I've found a man that was a worthy lover. I must admit, I've seen you two steal away and it's simply--well, I'm jealous! He seems like a man that really cares for his wife, if I may say so." She added some extra emphasis and set the flowers she worked with on the table, leaning forward just a bit. Gretta's face flushed, and she covered her smiling lips with a hand, shaking her head.

"He is, yes.... I--I mean to say...."

"Don't be so shy," Eva said, adding a wink. She placed her hands on the table, spaced, and leaned even further. Gretta's eyes flickered from her face to the dipping cleavage Eva now rested on the table. Tonight could be fun. "I always considered you a close friend. Do you remember that night we had too much wine before your wedding and I said I would be your husband if Charles didn't stay? I meant it, you know. You're a wonderful woman. Kind, attractive, hard-working...." She reached forward toward Gretta's free hand, squeezing the trembling thing gently. "And, I apologize. I've been forward. I have no idea what sort of lover Charles is. I mean, he could be clumsy and terrible!" 

Before Gretta could interrupt her, Eva sighed and looked to the ceiling, as if deep in thought. "I didn't even consider asking your feelings on him." She managed to lace their fingers, and placed her other hand to massage the woman's wrist. "Some men, I've learned, don't even know how to use their tongues. Can you believe that?" Gretta seemed surprised, and Eva stole the opportunity to ask, "You do know what they do with their tongues, don't you?"

"I--I actually, I don't," the sweet woman admitted, blinking wildly. She looked far more intrigued, so Eva released her hands and slipped into the chair Bessie occupied from before so that she was closer. Gretta jumped just slightly, adjusting herself accordingly to keep her husband hidden, but Eva pretended not to notice.

"Oh, it's incredible," she began as she sat down, taking her friend's hand once again. "First, I hope you don't mind me describing--" Gretta shook her head and waved for her to continue, "First they start by kissing your knees...oh, it's just torture." Eva pulled her hand closer, just inches from her chest, and stroked her forearm gently. "Then, they slowly kiss and massage your thighs, all the way up to your maidenhood." She dragged her fingers up to Gretta's palm, circling around in her path. "But the best part isn't that, it's a small, little rose right above, a button. Do you know that part?" Eva massaged the palm of her hands, looking directly in her eyes. Gretta nodded stiffly, her breathing taut and shallow. She desperately hoped that Charles was following her instructions, pleasing this gorgeous woman to the exact letter she described. Eva closed her eyes, rearing her head back. "Oh, they kiss it so gently, then they open your legs to run their tongue up and down your slit, just up and down, up and down, so gentle, but their tongue brushes that little button every time." She let out an exaggerated whimper, pressing into Gretta's hand with her fingers, demonstrating the exact motion. "Oohhh, up, just to the tip, down into that wet hole you know they want to bury into so bad--but every time they return to that sweet--oooh---that sweet button. Every lick and touch just sets you on fire...."

Finally, she could feel Gretta tense up just so slightly between her hands. She took one away to run her fingers down her own neck, down to the line of her cleavage.

"Oh, the best part, Gretta," she continued, her eyes closed tight, one hand exploring near where her nipples would be if she could just get out of these damned clothes--the other hand gently massaging Gretta's palm as if she were Charles' tongue under her dress. "Ooohh...." Eva opened her eyes and looked straight at Gretta's sweet, tortured face. She was moments from exploding, herself. "The best part," Eva continued, glancing to the hand on her breast, "is when they do this, too. Do it." She nodded with her head to encourage Gretta to mirror her, hand over breast, dipping right below the lining of the dress. She let go Gretta's hand and stuffed both sets of her fingers underneath the tight hemline, pulling her nipples, releasing them into the cold air of the room so she could twist them. "Oh, and they twist and pull...all while kissing you down there, kicking, sucking on it...."

A little moan escaped her friend's lips. Eva watched Gretta comply with her request, pinching and twisting her own nipples while her husband licked away just underneath the table cloth. She vaguely could hear the wet slipping of his tongue through her lips, the tiniest sound of sucking at the suggestion.

"Not like that," Eva said, despite the fact that Gretta followed instructions perfectly. She slid off of her chair and knelt behind Gretta's, slipping her own hands underneath before Gretta could open her eyes and see what was happening. "Like this...." She reached and scooped at the delicious, caramel bosom. She rested her head on Gretta's shoulder, watching the movement of someone's head directly under the table cloth that draped over Gretta's knees.

As she pinched at the woman's nipples, she was rewarded with a moan. Gretta's head leaned back, exposing her neck to Eva's gentle kisses. Her hands still pulled at the senstive nubs while her friend kept the fabric of her dress and corset at bay, exposing herself to the room completely. She was at the mercy of pleasure, legs spread under the table for her husband's hungry mouth. 

"So good," Eva groaned, pulling and massaging Gretta's heavy breasts. "Oh, when they play with your nipples, and they suck so hard on your clit.... Ohh, so good." Gretta let out a small help, but bit her lips together to prevent much more noise. Eva could feel a drip of arousal from her own maidenhood run down her legs.

"Oooh, Charles, you'll have to do me next," Eva moaned, slipping her head to kiss Gretta's cleavage. Right as she gasped for being found out, Eva caught Gretta's nipple between her teeth, gently biting and pulling. She could see the movement of hands under Gretta's dress climb up to her hips, grabbing hold. He was fully licking her, sucking her, free to make as much noise as he now desired. He ravished her, Eva tortured her with kisses and moans in her ear, Gretta trembled beneath her hands. Every breath was a moan. Gretta now reached up to Eva, pulling her head down into her gorgeous breasts, encouraging her to lick and suck at her nipples as if she was a starving peasant. The feeling of the woman's fingers in her hair, pushing her down, forcing her to continue pleasuring her sensitive nubs forced a suppressed moan from Eva's lips. 

Gretta pumped her hips toward her husband's mouth, spread her legs as far as they would go. She breathed so heavily, called out, announcing her upcoming climax.

"Ooh, please, please, please," she begged, her fingers tightening on the back of Eva's neck. She bit one nipple, no longer gentle, pinched the other, and pulled hard as the woman cried out, shaking, convulsing completely underneath their work. Eva could hear Charles suck and slurp under the table cloth every moment his wife jerked in her hands. She squeezed them, holding her still until Gretta's breath finally calmed to a slow, when the woman let out a final groan of satisfaction.

Charles lifted the tablecloth off of his head, exposing a wicked grin. He still grabbed at his wife's hip with one hand, but his eyes met with Eva. She locked eyes with him, kissing her way up Gretta's neck.

"My turn next."