 1954

Somewhere in the Caribbean 

The expedition's boat rolled lazily upon the small swells in the ocean. The sun was bright, the water was warm. Though it was called a five man research party, in truth, it was two men and three women. Studious and proper William Brown paced around on the deck, never without his white lab coat and black pipe, letting loose great puffs as he gazed at the horizon.

Lynn, his assistant, watched him with longing from the bridge. She admired his talent, his intellect... and how untouchable he seemed. Like a married man who wasn't married. Her gaze came over to the starboard side of the bow and there she saw Thomas, the backer of the expedition. A veteran from the war and master businessman, he was as fond of money as he was of himself, tanning his muscular chest with a sunning mirror.

Next to him was shy and little Lisa, his ever dutiful girlfriend. Not gorgeous, just pretty enough, her body athletic and the swells of her breasts creating a little window of cleavage in her pink one piece swim suit. The kind of woman who would make an acceptable wife for Thomas's blue blood New England family.

On his other side was Marsha. Lynn's face reddened and her heart beat faster at the site of the curvaceous woman. Both Thomas and William insisted she come along, something about needing a non-scientific eye. Lynn could see very well why a woman with no experience and interest in marine zoology was invited along.

Giant, luscious breasts. Marsha's melons wobbled and rolled with every slight movement in her chair. Her red bikini was two sizes too small, her mountainous mounds having turned a delectable shade of bronze since their journey began. Other times she would turn back on her stomach, the pressure against her chest creating a deep and soft valley of cleavage that stole everyone's eyes, even Lynn's.

And when she was on her stomach, her sculpted bottom was up. Lynn fumed as Thomas turned his head and ogled Marsha's thick and peachy cheeks. It was then the ship's radar began to ping. Lynn sighed with relief and rushed out of the bridge.

"Dr. Brown!" she called. "We've hit another location!"

William's head turned at her voice and his face brightened at the news. "Excellent! Well done. Anchor here and we'll get started!"

Thomas yawned and finally turned his eyes away from Marsha's protruding bubble butt. "Another location, doctor? This constant... sail and go... is so old hat. The diving has lost it's enchantment." 

William stepped toward his benefactor, his shadow falling Marsha's voluptuous body. "It must be done, Thomas. There are only thirteen known sea caves where the so called golden octopi were said to have lived. This is the tenth."

Marsha turned her head over and removed her sunglasses. "You know, if Tom doesn't want to do it, I wouldn't mind." Her voice was breathy and soft, and when she turned over on her back and revealed once more the heavy, jiggling slopes of her tits... both men were charmed. Whatever words next flowed from those dewy red lips would be as gold, as if they came from Socrates himself. "I've always wanted to be in the water. It's so... wet."

William put his hand under his chin and furrowed his brow, thinking the young woman's wishes over.

Thomas laughed a hearty laugh. "Darling! You worry your pretty little head too much. Oxygen tanks are heavy, flippers are uncomfortable-"

"No I think she should go." said Lynn, the bookish woman unnoticed as ever. "The water here is shallow. We're close to a small island, and there's a big reef right below. It would be hard to get lost."

Thomas looked to Lisa. "And you?" He poked her in the side. "What do you think?"

Lisa gave the most earnest smile she could. "Whatever makes you most happy, honey."

"A woman after my own heart! Very well." Thomas folded his hands and then put them under his chin like William. "There's probably nothing down there... so why the hell not! More time to work on this tan..."

Marsha made a sound that was a cross between a sigh and a moan of joy.

Lynn hoped it was the last time she saw the woman alive.

***

Marsha swam the Caribbean depths like a complete natural. Wearing nothing but an Aqualung and her swimsuit from before, she was enchanted by the bright yellow fish, the crimson darters and the golden azure tones of puttering angel fish.

What took her attention even more was how her large breasts shook and wobbled underwater, her ample flesh swaying like the ocean itself. She wished she had a mirror, to better see her long honey blonde locks flowing through the water.

Still, she was dimly aware that the men wanted her to have more than just fun. They wanted her to investigate a cave. The place was easy enough to find. It gave off a dim, sea green glow and entire schools of fish split off whenever they came close to the entrance.

They had never mentioned that.

But they were scientists. Or at least one was. And scientists knew what they were doing.

She swam through the cave entrance and immediately felt the pressure intensify around her. Faint tingles ran along her taut stomach and around her thighs. The nipples atop her juicy breasts came to hard points. She moaned involuntarily and a deluge of bubbles spewed out of her respirator. 

The resistance of each stroke seemed to lessen, as if she was being drawn or pushed forward. All around, neon sea anenomes glowed more intense whenever she passed them by. They lighted the way forward in the rocky darkness, until at last the water pushed her up.

She felt various wet things slide around her limbs. Her skin was so sensitive that they didn't feel repulsive at all, but warm and pleasant, especially as the stuff slithered between her round ass cheeks.

As sudden as the rise was, it was over. She felt the air kiss her skin and heard the sharp hiss of her equipment. All the while the surface water lapped at her huge tits like a warm tongue.

Marsha pulled the entangling seaweed off her busty form, stumbling onto the rocky shore of the underwater cave. All was dark... but for the amber and green glow that shone across the moist, craggy walls.

There was something relaxing about that glow... something compelling. Her sense of alertness, from almost being drowned among the weeds, dulled, her adrenaline rush faded. She followed the welcoming hues, her eyes wide and dilated, her dewy lips caught half-open as wonder and obedience rose through her mind.

She squeezed through the hard ravine and came upon the light source. It was perfectly spherical, like a fish egg, its strange hues brighter than ever. She stumbled forward, licking her lips, breath heavy, her full bosom heaving. The closer she came to the sphere, the more it began to pulse, the light within swirling with amniotic fluid.

Marsha kneeled down before the thing and ran a hand across its slimy surface and sighed, infatuated with the strange feel of its smooth bumps and how her fingers glided across them. Her face, lit in tones of green and gold, came within kissing distance of the egg, drawn by the whorls and clouding of glowing liquid inside.

The movement within stopped... and a hiss resounded. The upper half of the egg exploded in a spray of luminescent gold water.

Marsha's head was thrown back as something pink and fleshy latched onto her forehead. She moaned and fell onto her back. The pink thing was connected by a cord, and down the cord pumped bright and vivid emerald fluids. Marsha's fingers gripped into the dirt, her mouth falling slack and her eyes whiting out as the stuff was pumped into her brain.

Her mind was rendered blank, her consciousness suppressed.

She was perfectly ripe and helpless for what was to happen next. Out of the egg slithered a two headed snake, making its way for her twitching legs. Its smooth body caressed her thighs and passed along the beach babe's flat belly, eliciting a gasp from her quivering lips.

Marsha felt it twist between the sweet round mounds of her breasts and wrap around the back of her neck and come around, its forked tongues sliding in and out around her cleavage. She moaned, sensing its weight and touch within her delirium, not knowing the creature behind it all.

Both of the snake heads opened their maws wide, their fangs dripping with the most insidious venom... venom that did not kill... but changed.

Marsha screamed in surprise as both snake heads sank their fangs into her nipples, tearing through her bikini and into the soft flesh beneath. Both heads wiggled back and forth atop her supple white globes, hissing maliciously as their fangs pumped strange venom into her being.

The woman's momentary pain subsided as blinding arousal flashed across her heavy tits and sent her pussy into spasms. Her moans turned crazed and manic, screaming her pleasure so loud it hurt her throat... but still she continued on.

The serpent tightened its grip around her neck, holding on as its twin heads feasted on her fleshy and luscious tits, jiggling with every convulsion. Bulges traveled down the snake's necks as they pumped their foreign nectar into her breasts, the muted pulsing sensation driving Marsha insane, like a constant throb within her melons. 

Beneath the orgasmic joy, however, more sinister things worked. Marsha was being changed, her humanity subsumed by a prehistoric species that had patiently waited for countless millennia. It was a fluke that brought about their extinction, it was a fluke that Marsha would bring their salvation.

Her skin slowly darkened yet softened, her glassy eyes and lids changing, deepening into her head. Some deep and primal part in her realized that this was the end... and that it was far too late to do anything about. That part relished the inevitable... her very species erased by something superior.

For the next hour, the cave was loud with Marsha's wails of pleasure, the last sounds she would ever make as a human...

***

Marsha opened her eyes. They were the same blue as before, but the pupils... the pupils were cruel, serpentine slits. She tried to move her legs, but they felt thicker and no longer separate. A hiss of joy seeped from her lush lips, seeing the coiled tail her lower half had become. Soft, alabaster scales led up into her colossal and pouting tits, her overflowing feminine mounds had the shade of fresh cream, her nipples even paler. 

No sooner had her realization of her changed self emerged, than she was overcome by a deep and abiding sense of procreation. Venom drooled from her fanged mouth at the mere thought of converting the others on board the ship. Her pussy clenched and moistened over visions of betraying the remaining humans into the laps of her masters. 

The wrong species had attained supremacy on the planet.

This much she knew to be true. That homo sapiens biology should help in their ultimate downfall was a twist of irony that even the lingering human parts of her mind could appreciate.

Still, stealth was as much part of her personal survival instincts as reproduction was part of her species survival instincts. With a thought, the bones in her tail split and divided into fully formed legs while her scales slid beneath her skin.

She sat up and eyed the Aqualung apparatus.

Marsha was ready to spread.

***

Marsha rose up to the surface of the water, calling out to the others on the boat. William and Thomas came to the rail first. "Knew you'd make it. Though I must say young lady, you did cut it awfully close on the oxygen levels!" said Thomas, his gleaming white smile stark against his sun bronzed skin. The entrepreneur didn't deploy the embarkation ladder right away, happy to watch the glittering water rise and fall against Marsha's swaying breasts, some of it getting sucked down between the deep mile of cleavage that had only seemed to grow even more full since she went underwater.

William glanced at her swelling bosom only for a moment before clamping down on his pipe once more. "Hm. Yes. But more to the point." He let out a puff which had a sweet scent, mingling with the tropic breeze. "Did you find anything down there?"

Marsha gasped with delight, loving how the warm water rushed against her inner thighs. "Oh... ummm... there was a pretty cave, with some beautiful anemones-"

"Focus woman!" snapped William, though he kept his same resolute posture. "Anything at all related to the golden octopus species?" 

"This is why you should have sent me..." muttered Lynn. Once again, William's assistant was all but unnoticed. Lynn caught Marsha's stare. Her eyes were not those same, unknowing doe eyes from before, but something new... a cold, calculating glint that sized up Lynn in seconds. It sent a shiver through the young scientist.

And then just like that, the simple Marsha returned. "Oh no. Not from what I could see." She floated there for a moment, seeing Lynn, William and Thomas. "Where's Lisa?"

Thomas coughed. "Ah yes. She's off crying or something. I broke it off with the woman." He leaned further over the railing to better ogle Marsha's giant breasts, which also seemed a shade lighter than their usual sun kissed look. "I said... 'we would be happier with someone else'..." He kicked over the embarkation ladder. "And I'm already feeling better!"

Lynn groaned while William just puffed on his pipe and stared at the water, dejection written across his chiseled features.

When Marsha got to the top, she looked directly into Thomas's eyes. "That is just..." Marsha's breathy intonation and gleaming gaze held all of his attention, her massive and pouting tits hovering just below his chest, "Perfect."

***

It was not long before Marsha had gotten settled in again, making small talk with Thomas and William over champagne, making small concessions for later so that she could get alone time now. Lynn ignored her all by herself. She only needed ten minutes.

Ten long and sensual minutes with Lisa.

She heard the woman's sobbing through her door, muffled and muted but no less anguished for it. Marsha cracked open the door with silent grace, locking it and sighing in anticipation. She felt the venom salivate from her glands stream back down her throat, her erotic toxins raising her body heat and arousal.

She crawled across the bed and ran a hand across Lisa's bare arm, loving the sensation of untouched flesh... the feeling of soft, vulnerable prey. "I heard what happened, Lisa. What Thomas did was very mean to you."

Lisa's crying intensified even more. "I just... just..." she could barely speak through her pained gasps, "want to be... beautiful! Like you!" She buried her face further into her damp pillow, her body shaking with each breath.

Marsha's irises brightened, as blue as the sky itself and her pupils narrowed into serpentine slits. "Oh honey don't you worry..." She licked her lips and wrapped a leg around Lisa's waist. "You will be. Forever and ever." She brought her lips to Lisa's ear, letting loose a hungry sigh so close to the woman's pulsing jugular. "Forever changed."

Marsha wrapped her arms around Lisa, whispering words of sympathy as the woman cried. Marsha sighed deeply, an evil glint in her eye as she released pheromones through her skin that would both calm and arouse. Little by little, Lisa's sobbing died down... her breathing grew more heavy... and her skin more tingly.

The sound of wet squelches and muted snaps were dim in Lisa's ears as Marsha's legs became one. So inured she was to the beach babe's scent that she did not notice how unnaturally soft Marsha's arms had become.

Lisa sighed and trembled as cool thrills raced through her flesh, quivering at the feeling of Marsha's fangs skimming along her neck. Goosebumps rose across her arms at the sensation of the woman's heavy and mammoth breasts pressing into her back, her round mounds softer and cooler than she could have imagined. 

She wanted this moment to last forever, an eternity of sensual comfort.

Alas, all seductions come to an end.

Marsha sprung and wrapped the serpentine, lower-half of her body around Lisa, constricting her legs and stomach. Her prey's screams were muffled behind Marsha's scaled hands. Marsha's soft lips grazed Lisa's ear. "It's time, Lisa... to shed the old you... embrace the new." Her hot breath warmed Lisa's neck, her fangs sliding gently into her skin.

Lisa gasped and twitched at the sensual penetration. So bound up, her spasms on the bed were like that of a rabbit, well and truly caught in a serpent's clutch. Marsha moaned quietly, her brain's pleasure centers blazing as she drew another into her species, her fangs pumping in new paralytic toxins and genetic strains that rewrote her victim's human heritage.

Lisa began to hyperventilate, goosebumps spreading along her skin as Marsha's giant breasts pressed into her back. From her periphery she saw rivulets of pale green fluid fall into her cleavage, tickling her as it came down from her neck. Her pussy flowed as the venom burned through her blood, igniting arousal as much as it dulled her nerves.

As Marsha's soft and scaled hands finally palmed her breasts, Lisa convulsed in orgasm. The young woman's eyes whited out, the venom having reached her brain at last. Her body twitched without rhythm, spittle staining her lips as merciless pleasure blasted through her flesh, over and over.

Within her mind, the entire race memory of an ancient and primordial reptile civilization flashed. Her throat continued to make incoherent sounds of confusion and excitement, not yet realizing that she was being changed at the most intimate level. Glassy eyed and trapped in euphoria, she let herself be sucked into memories that were not her own.

She saw multiple periods and species of dinosaurs rise, crumble and topple before her eyes. She saw them, tall and reptilian, wrapping around trees, strangling prey with humanoid arms. The heat of the asteroid that ended it all swept across her changing skin, indistinguishable from the mad lust that gripped her loins.

The apocalypse came, wiping out lizards great and small... but not their eggs. Lisa saw right up to the point where Marsha was infected, transformed into something greater... and she knew this fate came for her.

The pleasure she derived from shedding her humanity was more than anything she dared imagine. The way her new scales emerged from her skin, like a tingling rain but from within... the weight of her chest deepening as her breasts ballooned into hefty globes, sinfully soft and pale, like a snake's underside.

The love she had for Thomas was stripped away, and she came to regard even her parents the way vipers regard rabbits. She felt no sympathy for mankind, her passions turned cold, only ice blooded purpose hung in her heart. 

Snare. Seduce. Spread.

Her eyes snapped open, the dazed glint of before replaced with fiery, emerald slits.

Lisa was no more.

***

A handful of hours later, dusk had fallen and the boat had dropped anchor, alone in the water like a pearl in an ocean of orange glass. Thomas sat in the bed within the captain's quarters, ignoring William's lecture as he stretched out pages of cheesecake Playboy centerfolds across his lap.

"... the golden octopus might not have even been an octopus! We just naturally assumed it was because of fossilized tissue samples." He paused and puffed more on his pipe. "Which means, we could have been looking in the wrong habitat the whole time." He turned and faced his benefactor. "I'm so sorry, Thomas."

Thomas raised an eyebrow and then smiled. "I don't give a damn, William. I really don't. This whole vacation... expedition... is a very nice tax write off for contributing to your institute. The journey justifies any end, no matter how unfruitful." He looked at his bronzed arm and admired his solid chest. "In the end, I got a nice tan. Broke up with a boring girl. And maybe, just maybe... might get the one I really want."
