 The Sex Games // Chapter 1

	We were in the arena together. I could hear the crowds shouting, even though I couldn't see them through the one-way glass surrounding the field. In the middle of the field was a tall pole, thick and firm. Bit of a metaphor there, with its sharp spearing shape. Hmm.

	In my hand was a good length of rope and my Tester, as well as in the hands of my opponent, standing across the field from me. Apart from that we were both naked; his good, long cock swinging gently between his spread legs as he stood firm. I was already rock hard, cock pointing to the sky. I couldn't wait for it; soon, I would be have taken every bit of maleness from my opponent, and be fucking the daylights out of the new woman she would be. 

	I could feel it. 

	My cock could feel it.

	The horn sounded, and the match began. We dashed towards each other. He was a muscular man; so much the better. So much more for me to have. 

Cameras were circling round us, zooming in on us, catching the action, letting rapt young males and females all around the world watch.

	At the last minute before head-on collision, I ducked agilely to one side. He may have been bigger than me, but I was faster. At the same time, I threw my rope around his legs, causing him to fall the floor. I dashed towards him, simultaneously thrusting my Tester into his leg, and attempting to tie a knot in the rope.

	The crowd roared. That was fast.

	I could feel the power, the maleness, coursing through the Tester from my opponent to me, my muscles bulging larger, my cock swelling and growing longer, shaking from the stiffness. Ooh, it felt so good. 

	I must have gotten a bit distracted, because before I was able to tie a knot, he'd slipped out of the ropes and ripped out the Tester. That wonderful flow of power stopped; I was suddenly enraged; I wanted it back so bad!

	He crashed into me, but he was weaker now than he'd been just a couple minutes ago. In fact, I was now stronger than him. He was trying to shove his Tester into my balls, which would get him his testosterone back pretty fast, but I shoved his head back while grabbing his shrinking cock.

	I shoved my Tester right into his balls, feeling the power coursing back into me. Aah.

	While he fumbled with Tester, trying to pull it back out, and getting weaker and weaker – his muscles were shrinking into slender womanly arms; his six pack fading, and breasts sprouting – I yanked the rope around his wrists and tied them tight. 

	I pulled him/her, struggling, over to the pole in the center of the arena, all the while careful not to dislodge the Tester from his balls. His cock had shrunk down to about two inches, and his balls were almost completely gone. My balls, on the other hand, were swelling unbearably, and my cock was so achingly stiff I thought I might just come right there. 

	I lashed the other end of the rope onto the pole, stringing my opponent up. The crowd was yelling, I could hear them, a heady exhilaration, the promise of victory. My opponent was starting to whimper in a girly, high-pitched voice, knowing that his time was up; he was now to weak to escape from my knots. I grabbed two handfuls of heavy breasts, eliciting a squeak from him, just as his cock completely slipped away and slit started forming between his legs. 

	He was now a she.

	I breathed a sigh. Finally, some relief, some release. 

	I walked around behind her, my muscles huge and tense, my cock long and straining forward, my balls about to explode. I had so much power in me, so much maleness, and she had none. She was now almost all woman. But I couldn't wait till she was completely drained of testosterone; I had to fuck her now.

	I knocked her legs apart with my feet, spreading her smooth hairless pussy wide for penetration. She was going to learn what being a woman, being my woman, meant. I grabbed her from behind, lined up my cock, and pulled her onto me. 

	Aaaah. 

	Bliss. 

	She screamed, impaled from behind, virginity taken. She was so tight, too tight almost, transformation not quite complete. I waited for a while, soaking my cock in her soft, beautiful pussy, before pulling back, and lunging again, sinking my cock all the way into her
.
	It felt like I must have penetrated all the way up to her throat, my cock was so huge, and she was so tight. Flesh slapped against flesh, as I plunged into her, back and forth, taking for myself what I'd won. The thought that my present ecstatic enjoyment was all at her expense, and that it could be me right now being fucked in the pussy, just made me enjoy it all the more, and fuck her harder and faster.

	My hands went over, grabbing her at the waist, pulling her onto myself, grabbing her two handfuls of tits, pulling on her now-long, flowing blond hair. She looked back at me with befuddled and beautiful blue eyes, full pouting lips that I couldn't wait to see cum dribbling from.

	My balls were tightening. I pounded harder, ignoring her squeaks. Then, my cock swelling almost painfully, I came. Load after load of cum. I came for two minutes, so much maleness was stored up in me; it was incredible. Cum ran out of her and down her legs. It felt like I was dying, choking, I couldn't breathe, being transported to heaven, bliss, light at the end of the tunnel. 

	Eventually, both of us panting, I pulled my fat, long cock out of her, and stroked the length of it gently. Fuck, it was so long and perfect and beautiful. I couldn't believe how big and strong I was. The Tester beeped, notifying me that transfer was complete; I now had taken every drop of maleness from her, and she was completely female, in every single way. Completely mine, my property.

	I'd won her. 

	She was leaning against the pole, panting, completely overwhelmed, with new sensations and a cessation of fighting. Time to accept the future. Besides, with all the maleness out of her, there wasn't much fight left in her; she was all softness. I pulled her mouth to mine, crushing her lips with a powerful kiss, feeling her reply with an open mouth and tongue.

	The crowd roared.

	Victory.