 Sorry about the delay, real life got in the way. Oooo that rhymed. 

But here I am with another piece! As always, comments and feedback welcome. 

*****

Adrianna Ryston, Omega Class Agent, woke up with a start. What was going on? Where was she? How come HQ hadn't called in...wait. The events of the past day came back in a flash, and the agent-turned-bioslut slumped to the floor on her newly padded behind.

She had been set up, that's what had happened. Set up and transformed into a rich man's plaything. Well, she hadn't made Omega Class by sitting on her ass (no matter how nice it was) and doing nothing. Her training kicked in and she got to her feet. First things first. Check the cell for any possible escape routes. She wasn't optimistic about her chances for success though...if they were good enough to frame her and stick in her here, it was highly improbable that they would leave something as basic as that to chance.

Door secure. Walls smooth as silk. No cracks. She expected nothing less. Nothing to do for it but wait...and ignore the gnawing sensation that slowly grew in her stomach. She knew what it was. She needed to drink some cum, and soon. 

She didn't have long to wait. In about fifteen minutes (give or take a few...it was hard to count time without a watch) the doors of the cell slid open to reveal a white-coated scientist and two guards. The first was all scientific calm and professional curiosity, but the other two? They had grins on their faces as wide as their burly arms. It was obvious what they thought they were going to do.

Adrianna scowled. If she had her gear on her, she'd take them all down in a few seconds flat...but she didn't. She was imprisoned in a biosuit that was slowly changing her, with no way to stop it.

"Good morning, Agent Ryston. How are we feeling today?"

"Great. Just fantastic. Amazing. Now get on with it." spat Adrianna. She wasn't the mood to trade barbs with her captors. They both knew what the purpose of their visit was.

The scientist shrugged nonchalantly. "As you wish. Now let me just do a few routine tests. Stand over here, if you would?" Adrianna complied mutely. There wasn't any point in resisting - the guards would just stop her. As he proceeded to run a series of tests and routine diagnostics on the agent, she was impressed by his calm demeanor and skills despite herself. Whoever these people were, they hired good talent. 

"Ever thought of working for the Federation?" she quipped at the end of the examination.

"Yes. They headhunted me, in fact. But the benefits here are better. For one, more paid holidays and dental. She's all yours now, boys." And so saying, the scientist left the room, 

leaving her at the mercy of the two men.

Adrianna looked at the guards and tried not to swallow. They both knew what was going to happen. The sensation in her gut had intensified into an all out hunger, and she knew that if she didn't get some cum in at some point it wouldn't just be a stomachache that she was going to feel. 

The men made the first move. One of them seized her by the shoulders and pushed her roughly down onto the floor of the cell. Adrianna would normally have resisted, but the moment his hands touched her over-sensitive skin, she swooned against him...goddamn bioslut suit! She knew was what happening to her - the subdermal impulses of the suit had overridden her conscious thought processes - but knowing didn't mean that she could stop it.

They had her on the floor and her legs spread in seconds. The first man took her roughly with no foreplay or preamble - she didn't need it. The suit ensures that she was wet to the touch almost immediately. They rocked and moaned on the ground for a while until with a grunt, the guard came into her. She came seconds on the heels of her erstwhile lover, a powerful orgasm that had her seeing stars.

But that was just cum in her lower mouth...she needed more! So she scrambled to her knees - hating herself for being powerless to do so - and proceeded to suck off the second guard in record time. Her agile tongue had him blowing his load in under a minute, and she swallowed it all down, eager for more. She got her wish when the guards switched places and had her on all fours this time - one in the back, plowing her full ass, and the other the recipient of her oral affections.

After about four rounds and a few more positional changes, the guards left her satiated and cumstained on the floor. The Omega Class Agent knew that even as she lay silent that the sperm she had ingested was no doubt knitting together with the nanomachines in her bloodstream, bringing about further changes to her body...but it just felt so good! So good, in fact, that she lay in euphoric bliss as sleep claimed her. 

--

That was to be her daily routine for a while. The scientist would come in the morning (at least she thought it was the morning, she had no way to tell) take some readings and then let the guards have her.

They didn't even need to pin her down. All it took was a few caresses of her over-sensitive body and she spread her legs of her own volition. She couldn't help it - it was literally hard-wired into her DNA.

In the days to come, it was usually more than two men who came along. They took her on her back, on all fours, spread-eagled against the wall and in every variation thereof as well. 

Wherever it was they chose, she was wet and ready, practically dripping onto the floor. In a dimly conscious part of her mind, she registered that as being part of the modifications as well. Probably for the customers - slick slits made for easier entry.

Man after man fucked her each day and she lost count of the amount of orgasms she had at their rough and cruel hands.

Was this to be her life from now on? Being fucked endlessly, doomed to wait for her eventual transformation into a complete bioslut? It seemed like it. Her only hope was that when Brannigan didn't receive her scheduled communication, he would then mobilize the Federation forces and effect a rescue. If they could even find out where she was being kept...and she was still rational and conscious at that time. She couldn't even begin to imagine what the final stage of her transformation would be. Not that she had time for much musing. Her gangbangs kept her too busy for that. 

And the changes to her body continued apace as well. She awoke from her post-coital haze one day to a greater weight on her chest. Were her breasts｜igger? She inspected them in the mirrored glass of her cell. Yes, they were definitely bigger. Only a little, but the growth was there. When they were previously a healthy C-Cup, they had grown overnight into D-cups that sat high and perky on her chest. At least her back muscles had strengthened to support the additional weight as well. Say what you want, Sereotech did good work. 

She turned around to confirm her suspicious and...yes. Her bottom had plumped out as well. Whereas previously it had been all tight, corded muscle, now it was lush and round, and so firm you could bounce a penny off it. It bulged out from her now thinner waist, two firm spheres that would have shook as she walked had the bioskin covering them been so tight that they allowed for no motion. 

That was how the biosuit was going to work. It was their idea of a joke, no doubt - the Omega Special Agent, helpless to stop herself from getting progressively sluttier and top-heavy, while they sat back and analyzed their data as she was fucked both literally and figuratively.

She mentally reviewed her options. Despite all this they hadn't found the transceiver on her body, and so there was still the possibility of getting whatever information she had gleaned back to HQ. But there was the small matter of actually getting OUT of her cell first. Which didn't seem possible. 

And so there was no help for it but to wait. 

--

It was just another day in her new life. Adrianna woke and prepared herself for a new round of inspection and fucking・ntil the alarms went off. She tumbled to the floor as a series of explosions rocked the room.

Someone was attacking the labs, that much was certain. And she wasn稚 about to look a gift horse (or in this case, explosion) in the mouth. She ran to the door and tried it. Yup, open. The attack must have jarred the locking mechanism open.

No time like the present. She swung the cell door open and slipped into the corridor. She remembered some of their structure from when she worked here, and her memory served her well as she made her escape. The staff were in a panic, running to and fro like headless chickens. No one would notice a single escaping bioslut. 

There was no time to retrieve her gear even if she knew where it was, which she didn稚, so all she did was make a mad dash for the exit.

First it was through Research and Analysis, and then a left around Storage and Containment, then straight through Experimental Weapons -

And she was free! 

Past the open doors to the laboratory entrance was a wide open field. Other explosions were going off around her, and the alarms were clanging so hard that they hurt her ears. But she just kept running and didn't stop. HQ hadn't briefed her on the surrounding area - because they thought the run would start and end at Sereotech - and as such she had no notion of what might await her outside the compound. 

But she didn't care. Anything was better than waiting for the biosuit to slowly change her from the inside out. She'd take partial freedom over outright incarceration anyday. And then from there she could see about getting info, and getting back to HQ...but one step at a time.

Adrianna ran out into the cold night, intensely aware of the grass beneath her feet and the air around her skin. The city lights beckoned, and she made her way towards them.