 "You know, this whole thing seems familiar," Joy said as she walked with her teammates through the station's labyrinthine corridors.

"It's Survivor," Vicky told her. "You know, the reality show? Or at least, the part about us having to vote off team members reminds me of that."

"She's right," Kim said. "There are even 16 contestants on Survivor, and if Team 1 has the same number of girls as us..."

"No, not that," Joy said. "I meant the... environment. And not the sex and nudity, either... the sci-fi vibe. It's from something I've seen, I just don't know what."

"Star Wars," Stacey said promptly. "That one was almost as obvious as the Survivor tie-in... Sex Star, Death Star, it's an obvious attempt at a lame pun."

"Are we in a porno right now?" Lena asked.

Tina shook her head. As was the case every time she moved, her mammoth breasts jiggled. "I did some porn before I got into legitimate modeling," she said. "This doesn't look like any porn set I've ever seen. Too realistic. They don't have budgets like this. And the shemales... they'd look more like men. Erin's a beautiful girl, and the guards aren't bad either."

Erin blushed at Tina's assessment of her, and her dick hardened noticeably as she watched the slightly older woman walk. Her ass was almost as fun to look at as those beautiful tits.

"But if this was a porno," Tina continued, "we'd be getting attacked right about now. Porn directors don't like to keep viewers waiting in between sex scenes."

As if on cue, a dozen dickgirls stepped around the corner in front of the girls and started firing. Joy and Kim, who were in the lead, went down... Stacey and Lena each managed to take down a dickgirl with their return fire, and then the girls were backpedaling.

It was Erin who noticed the control panel on the wall. She slapped it, and a door whooshed open. While Tina, Vicky, Lena and Stacey ducked into the room behind the door, Lorraine and Erin delivered a couple of parting shots to the dickgirls and then joined them inside.

"You know, I feel like a total cunt leaving Joy and Kim behind like that," Lena said. "And that's coming from a professional thief."

"You're a thief?" Stacey asked.

"Well, I suppose the technical term is cat burglar," Lena replied. "But never mind about that now. How do we lock this fucking thing?"

"It looks like we need a passcode," Lorraine said. She glanced pointedly at Lena. "How good are you at getting past electronic security?"

She shrugged. "When you enter through the roof or the ventilation system, you don't really need to worry about that sort of thing," she admitted.

The door whooshed open again. The girls started to back up... and immediately encountered a wall. Lorraine and Lena were quick enough to snap their guns up and fire off one shot before they joined the other four on the floor. Lorraine was still awake when the first dick entered her pussy.

Tina awoke to the familiar feeling of a cock pressed between her tits. She looked up to see Erin, eyes closed in ecstasy, moaning as she rode Tina's breasts to orgasm. Cum spurted from the tip of her cock, covering Tina's chest, neck and chin.

"Sorry," Erin said as she opened her eyes and realized Tina was awake. "I just couldn't help myself."

"That's okay," Tina said, smiling at her. "Like I said, you're a beautiful girl." She pulled Erin toward her, then kissed her passionately. Erin's dick grew hard again in an instant.

"Stick it in me," Tina told her. "I need it as much as you do... I think they gassed us again."

Erin nodded. That would explain why she was even hornier than usual.

She slid her cock inside Tina's pussy, which was already slick with the cum of other dickgirls. Tina moaned and thrust up to meet her, getting more of Erin's dick inside her hungry cunt.

They came together, their orgasmic cries harmonizing perfectly.

"When you two lovebirds are done, I have something you might want to look at," Lena's voice cut in.

Tina looked over in the blond girl's direction. The wall they had run into when they first entered the room was gone. In its place was an open space with tables and chairs, as well as a larger, rectangular table with food and drinks.

"I've already tested it," Joy said. Apparently, she and Kim had rejoined them at some point before Tina woke up. "It's safe."

Erin and Tina nodded as they looked toward the back of the room and saw seven beds. "Wait... why are there only seven?" Tina asked.

As if he could hear her, The Commander's voice came over the intercom. "It was assumed that Tina and Erin would want to share a bed," he stated. "Apologies if this was an incorrect assumption."

Tina blushed as she admitted, "It wasn't."

"What is this place?" Stacey asked, looking up at the ceiling in the direction of the voice.

"This is a rest stop," The Commander replied. "There is one on each level of the station, but they are well hidden. You are safe while you are here -- you will not be attacked -- but the longer you stay, the more opportunities you give Team 1 to catch up to you."

The girls ate, drank and slept. It was agreed that they would take turns standing watch just in case The Commander broke his promise about them not being attacked. Lorraine's watch passed uneventfully, as did Lena's. It wasn't until Vicky relieved Lena that anything happened. And that was Vicky's fault.

Erin didn't fight it when Vicky pulled her out of bed. Tina was completely fucked out, and sleeping so soundly she was drooling... but as always, Erin was still horny.

Vicky led her over to a quiet corner of the room and dropped to her knees, taking Erin's rapidly hardening cock into her mouth. She sucked for all she was worth, using every trick she knew to get Erin off as hard as possible. It worked... when Erin came, pumping a big, sticky load down Vicky's throat, she had to bite back a scream so as not to wake the other girls.

"Mmm," Vicky said, licking her lips.

"Not that I'm complaining, but what was that for?" Erin asked.

"I need your help," Vicky said. "Our team is going to be beaten eventually, and when that happens we need to ditch Joy. She cares too much... it makes her ineffectual as a leader. If I suck your cock whenever you want, will you vote with me when the time comes?"

It was too good an offer to decline, and Erin knew that Vicky knew that. She nodded her assent.

"Thank you," Vicky said. "I knew I could count on your support."

Over the course of the next day, Vicky managed to get some of her other teammates alone. She told Kim that Joy had told her they needed to get rid of the nigger, which had the desired effect of causing Kim to hate Joy; she took the same "she's too soft-hearted" approach with Lena and Lorraine, knowing they would agree with that just out of sheer pragmatism; and she told Stacey that Joy had said her glasses were ugly. It was the argument she expected to be least successful, but Stacey surprised her by jumping at the chance to be rid of Joy. She smiled and walked off, knowing she had enough votes that she didn't even need to bother with Tina.

Stacey watched Vicky go. The bitch wouldn't even know what hit her when Stacey voted for her instead. She went to go find Joy, hoping that the team's captain knew what to do about this.