 Melissa had been correct in her assumption that Amanda would want to accompany her to the police station, but what she hadn't anticipated was that Brooke would want to come as well.

The three of them entered the police station, told the uniformed officer at the reception desk why they were there, and were escorted into a room and instructed to wait. Brooke started rubbing Melissa's thigh, but she stopped her before it got any further than that... now was neither the time nor the place.

After a few minutes, two plainclothes cops entered and identified themselves as Detectives Colon and Fuller. Colon was a Hispanic man, probably in his early thirties, still in reasonably good shape. He had a neatly trimmed mustache, but no other distinguishing features.

Fuller was a beautiful woman, probably about Priscilla's age, with long red hair, a pretty, freckled face and a body that somehow managed to be both slender and curvy. Her 36C breasts weren't quite as big as Melissa's or Amanda's, but Melissa figured they probably still got drooled over by the men at the department quite a bit.

It was Fuller who spoke... Colon sat down near the back of the room and watched the proceedings while munching on a glazed donut. His sharp, calculating eyes appeared to be sizing the three visitors up, and there was something about the way he was looking at them that Melissa didn't at all care for.

Brooke picked up the same sleazy vibe that Melissa had, but reacted to it differently... she leaned forward in her chair slightly as if to listen more intently to Detective Fuller, but what she was really doing was giving Colon a better view of her cleavage... now he could see right down her shirt. Melissa wouldn't be surprised if Brooke had gone braless. When Colon choked on his donut, her suspicions were confirmed.

"So your sister and your two friends are all missing, and the three of you know each other?" Fuller was asking.

"Yes," Melissa said, "that's right. Well, actually, Brooke and I have known each other for a while now, but we just met Amanda yesterday."

"Seems kinda coincidental, don't ya think?" Colon observed. "I mean, not that I'm insinuating anything, but the fact that three people who know missing girls also know each other..."

"We already thought of that," Amanda told him. "It's unlikely, but not completely impossible. And certainly not suspicious."

"My partner's just doing his job," Fuller said. "And sometimes, that job requires him to be... unpleasant."

"No hard feelings," Melissa said, although she was sure Colon's dick was rock hard after getting that peek at Brooke's braless tits beneath her shirt. For that matter, Brooke's nipples probably weren't exactly soft either.

"So anyway, as I was saying," Colon continued, "you three know each other. Is there any possibility that the three missing girls knew each other? Maybe that they might even have run off to the same place?"

Melissa shook her head. "It's possible that Brandi and Stacey might have been passing acquaintances," she said, "but I doubt either of them knew my older sister. Priscilla's 28... that's 10 years older than Brandi."

"I know Priscilla George," Detective Fuller put in. "From off the job. She seems like the responsible sort... not someone who would just run off without bothering to tell anybody."

"Exactly," Melissa said, wondering just how well acquainted the lovely detective was with her lesbian sister. She pictured the two of them in bed together and felt a flush of arousal creep into her face at the image of Detective Fuller's naked body. Stop it, she chided herself. You're being just as bad as Brooke, for fuck's sake.

"Well," Fuller said, either not noticing Melissa's sudden horniness or doing a good job pretending not to, "the problem is that we've been slammed with missing persons cases the past few days. I'm not saying that we won't put in a hundred and ten percent trying to find your friends, but just bear in mind that it still might not be enough. A lot of missing persons cases are either never solved at all or eventually become homicide or kidnapping cases, and I try to give people facts instead of false hope. Like I said, sometimes the job requires us to be unpleasant."

"We appreciate your honesty," Melissa said, standing up and offering the detective her hand when she sensed that she was being dismissed. She managed to force a smile, even though between the detective's warning not to get her hopes up and her embarrassingly (and probably inappropriately) hard nipples she didn't feel she had much to smile about. She saw Colon's eyes dart toward her breasts and noticed a momentary smirk cross his face before his features returned to normal. Then Detective Fuller was pressing something into her outstretched hand.

Melissa looked down to see a business card in her hand. "It has my personal number on the back," Detective Fuller, whose first name the card revealed to be Laura, said. "Call me if you think of anything else that might help the investigation. Or, you know, just to talk."

Melissa thanked her, then filed out of the room with the other girls.

"So, what do we do now?" Amanda asked.

"I guess we wait," Melissa said.

"And while we wait, we do a little retail therapy," Brooke suggested.

Melissa smiled and nodded in agreement. Shopping would be a good time-killer, plus it might allow her to sneak into a fitting room with Amanda and taste some more of her sweet pussy. Her smile widened at the thought.

Detective Henry Colon turned to his partner. "I've gotta go drop a deuce," he told her.

"Thanks for sharing," Laura Fuller replied absently. She was looking through the files on all the missing girls to see whether any of the others could be linked to the three who had been reported missing most recently, and was somewhat preoccupied by the work.

In fact, she was so involved that Henry didn't even think he needed the cover story. He could disappear for ten or fifteen minutes and she wouldn't bother to come looking for him, unless some emergency came up.

As he entered the restroom, he checked to make sure all the stalls were empty. Then he locked himself inside the one farthest from the door and dialed a number on his cell phone.

"Da?" A thickly accented female voice said on the other end of the line.

"English, Gerda," Henry reminded her.

She cursed in Russian, then switched back to English. "What do you want?"

"We've got a problem," he told her. "Some of your latest... acquisitions have been reported missing."

"So? That always happens."

"Yeah, but there's a concerted effort this time. Priscilla George's sister and a couple of her college classmates are taking a personal interest in the case. And Lynn Vanion is involving herself again, too."

"I should have slit that bitch's throat when I had the chance," Gerda growled. "She's too fucking nosy for her own good."

"It is kind of her job," Henry pointed out. "She's a reporter."

"She's a cunt!" Gerda snapped. Then she took a deep breath and said in a more polite tone, "Give me the names of anyone you think will be... problematic. I'll deal with them."

"You mean I'll deal with them?" Henry asked.

"No. Don't worry, I won't make you get your hands dirty this time."

"Just remember our deal."

"Your financial and sexual needs will both be well taken care of."

"Good. I'll call with further updates if I hear anything else."

The girls lucked out... the first mall they went to, Dillard's had a big sale on. Brooke eventually managed to lead them to the lingerie section, and Melissa realized the blond was thinking along the same lines as her. Sure enough, the three of them were soon modeling bras, panties, teddies and skimpy nighties for each other, and Melissa's nipples were unbearably hard.

Amanda noticed her predicament and started massaging her breasts through her bra, then pulled the left cup down enough to expose the nipple and started sucking on it.

Brooke immediately dropped down between Melissa's legs, removed her panties and started eating her out. Melissa had been worked up pretty much all day, so it didn't take her long to cum. Brooke smiled as she pulled back with pussy juice dripping from her nose and chin.

"Okay, now let me do you," Melissa said, and Brooke happily jumped up on the bench while Melissa replaced her on the floor. Amanda took Brooke's bra off and started sucking on her nipples, while Melissa ate her out.

Little did the girls know, their activities had attracted the attention of a salesgirl. She had been watching as best she could through the slats in the fitting room's door, and eventually she slipped a hand under the waistband of her pants and started fingering herself. She came before Brooke did, and was unable to hold back her moans and gasps of pleasure.

The fitting room door flew open, and Melissa and Brooke grabbed their visitor and pulled her inside. It was a little crowded with four women in there, but they were all fairly slender so they fit.

"What's your name, sexy?" Brooke asked the salesgirl, who was about Melissa's height -- taller than the other two -- and had nice legs, a tight ass, perky 32B tits and long, dark brown hair with blond highlights.

"Kayla," she replied.

"Let's get you out of those clothes, Kayla," Melissa suggested. Brooke suited action to words by pulling her new friend's shirt over her head. In a few moments, Kayla was standing naked before them.

"Can I do the honors?" Amanda asked. "I haven't gotten to lick a pussy since yesterday."

Brooke guided Kayla down onto the bench, where she eagerly spread her legs for Amanda, and moaned encouragingly as Amanda's tongue found her clit.

As Melissa and Brooke already well knew, Amanda had a natural talent for licking pussy... Kayla came repeatedly, and Brooke had to place a hand over her mouth to muffle her screams of ecstasy.

Brooke swapped hand for pussy, and soon Kayla was eagerly lapping at her cunt while Amanda continued licking the salesgirl. Melissa maneuvered around behind Amanda and managed to get underneath her so she could lay down on the fitting room's floor and lick Amanda from below.

They left Kayla asleep on the bench in the fitting room, but not before she gave them her phone number.

Melissa didn't know why she noticed the woman with the gun striding toward them across the mall parking lot. Maybe her senses were still on overload from the orgasmic high, or maybe it was just dumb luck. But either way, she saw her as she raised her weapon and pointed it at Amanda.

Melissa flung herself sideways, knocking Amanda to the sidewalk... the impact sent the brunette's glasses flying, and she fumbled around blindly for them. Shots rang out, and Melissa looked around wildly for Brooke, hoping the blond hadn't been hit.

Brooke was lying flat on the sidewalk, but her eyes were open and alert and her middle finger was raised in the direction of the woman with the gun.

Amanda scrambled for her glasses, picking them up and putting them back on. Fortunately, the lenses hadn't been broken. A bullet glanced off the sidewalk directly in front of her, and she screamed and scooted backward as fast as she could.

"What do you want, you fucking cunt?" Brooke screamed at the woman. She only received more gunfire in reply.

Tires screeched, and a van tore around the corner headed straight toward the woman with the gun at what looked to be at least 60 miles per hour. The gunwoman turned toward the van and managed to fire a single shot, which glanced off the windshield without penetrating, before the driver mowed her down. The van screeched to a halt directly behind the body of the gunwoman, who was twisted around at the waist at an unnatural and rather painful-looking angle, obviously dead.

A van running someone down at high speed in the middle of a parking lot might have drawn attention in many states, but this was Virginia, home of the worst drivers in the world... nobody even gave the accident a second glance, and Melissa and her friends didn't even stop to think that the collision might have been intentional.

In fact, Brooke leaped to her feet and let out a jubilant whoop. "Ha! Forgot you were in Virginia, didn't you, bitch?" she taunted the corpse.

The van's side door slid open, and a tall fortyish woman with long blond hair leaned out and looked at the three of them severely. "Come with me if you want to live," she said.