 Priscilla awoke to the pleasant sound of a woman moaning in lust. She had been a lesbian all of her adult life, and the sound of a woman about to cum immediately made her juice up. She opened her eyes and looked around the room.

There were several other women in there with her, and all of them were very attractive and completely nude. Most were still asleep, but one gorgeous redhead was off in the corner stroking her cock.

Priscilla blinked in confusion. Stroking her cock? She had seen shemales before, and they were usually not very feminine-looking. There was no way that this supermodel-level hottie had a real dick in her hand right now.

The redhead's moans turned to screams. Thick, gooey white liquid starting spurting copiously from the head of her dick, spraying all over the floor and making a big sticky puddle of cum in the middle of the room. Her orgasm seemed to go on for a long time, and the amount of cum she shot was nothing short of ridiculous (even if her dick was huge... Priscilla estimated it to be at least 9 or 10 inches, possibly as many as 12 or 13).

The sexy redhead shemale opened her eyes finally, and licked her lips as her gaze fell on Priscilla's big, perky 36DD tits. Priscilla realized that she was naked, just like everyone else in the room. "Hey there, sexy," the shemale said. Priscilla had never been into dicks before, but she might have to make an exception for this girl... her smoky, seductive voice made her pussy even wetter. "What's your name?"

"Priscilla," she said. "What's yours?"

"Angela," the shemale replied. "Wanna fuck?"

Priscilla ran a hand through her close-cropped, dark brown hair. She kept it cut so short that if it weren't for her rather pretty face and her downright gigantic tits she might be mistaken for a man. "Sure," she said after thinking about it for a minute. It wasn't like she had anything better to do... Angela's screams hadn't woken up the others, and there were no obvious exits to this room.

She crawled across the floor, right through Angela's puddle of cum, enjoying the wet sticky sensation as it clung to her legs and hands... she even lowered her tits into the liquid and rubbed them back and forth, coating them liberally in Angela's orgasmic juices, her nipples hardening to pleasantly painful points.

As she reached Angela, she kissed her passionately while wrapping a hand around her dick and starting to stroke. It didn't take the shemale long to reach full hardness again, and Priscilla very carefully -- she had never had anything this big inside her before -- lowered herself down onto her new friend's throbbing cock.

It felt surprisingly good to have her pussy stuffed with a real cock, and she squirmed around to get a couple more inches inside her. Then she started bucking her hips, getting a good rhythm going, Angela helping her out by grabbing her waist with each hand and thrusting upward when she needed to.

The shemale also sucked and licked Priscilla's nipples every chance she got, and licked around the nipples as well, cleaning most of the cum off of her tits. Priscilla's breasts and nipples had always been very sensitive, and this pushed her over the edge and made her cum. The contractions of her spasming cunt around her cock also made Angela cum, and the sensation of liquid squirting inside her set Priscilla off on another, even more powerful orgasm.

If Angela's screams hadn't been enough to wake the other girls, two women screaming together did the trick. A third woman screaming -- this one sounded downright horrified -- simply helped the process along.

As Priscilla recovered, she looked around. There were 2 blonds, 3 brunettes and another redhead, all of them extremely attractive. One of the blonds had started fingering herself as she watched Angela finish flooding Priscilla's pussy with cum. A couple of the brunettes looked pretty turned on, too. The redhead looked disgusted, the second blond had averted her eyes but her hard nipples betrayed her arousal, and the third brunette looked like she had been scarred for life.

Priscilla stood up... immediately, a torrent of cum ran out of her pussy and covered her legs. She could still feel a very large amount of fluid sloshing around inside her, and every few seconds another big glob of it would escape and either stick to her skin or further contribute to the mess on the floor.

"Who wants to lick me clean?" she offered. One of the brunettes -- a pale-skinned, slender beauty with curly, light brown hair and incredible legs -- knelt before her and started eating her out enthusiastically. Now the other brunette who looked turned on was fingering herself too, and the blond who was masturbating was cumming.

Angela went over to the masturbating brunette and said, "Let me take care of that for you." The brunette removed her fingers, and Angela replaced them with her cock. Meanwhile, Priscilla's orgasm forced all the remaining jizz in her pussy into the mouth or onto the face of the girl who was licking her.

She decided to return the favor, eating out the sexy brunette. She squirted when she came, spraying Priscilla's cute face with big, gushing streams of pussy juice. It tasted wonderful. "I'm Priscilla," she said.

"Brandi," the brunette replied. "Nice to meet you."

Introductions were made all around after that... the Hispanic-looking brunette Angela had fucked was named Danielle, the third brunette who still looked disgusted by the sexual display was Katie, Summer was the redhead and the blonds were Shannon and Leigh Ann. Shannon was shorter, with a slender, leggy build and straight hair... Leigh Ann was taller, with a curvy bordering on stout build, and had curly hair. Katie was the shortest member of the group at 5'3", and had a stern face that often wore a disapproving scowl. She had big -- not as big as Priscilla's, but probably in the 38D range -- tits with nice, puffy nipples, and flaring hips that accentuated a fantastic ass. Summer was built much like Katie, but with slightly smaller tits and a prettier face. She wore glasses, but they enhanced rather than detracted from her looks.

The girls all jumped when a voice issued forth from an unseen loudspeaker. "You're probably wondering what you've been brought here for," the unmistakably male voice said. Katie covered up her breasts with one arm, and used her other hand to cover her groin.

"You're not supposed to end a sentence with a preposition!" Summer told the voice, but if the speaker heard her he chose not to respond.

"You are to take part in a game," the voice continued. "You will be competing against another team of women, and everything you do while aboard my station will cause you to either gain or lose points. At the end of each week, the team with the least points must vote a member out, at which point she will become my slave. The quickest way to accrue points is in combat. I have hundreds of guards at my disposal, and they will be actively hunting you. There are also numerous other creatures on board, all of which will attack you if given the opportunity. None of them want to kill you, or even injure you... they are only interested in sex."

"Sure, because rapists and slavers have a lot to be morally superior about," Leigh Ann muttered.

"I'm a virgin," Katie said, shivering uncontrollably.

Shannon's hand had gone to her pussy again. She moaned as the man on the intercom resumed his speech. Angela was idly stroking her cock as well. "Each time you elude my guards without being fucked for one full hour, your team will earn 100 points. If you defeat the guards in battle without being fucked, that will give you 500 points. Defeating anything else in battle will get you 200 points. Each time you are fucked against your will, you will lose your team 20 points. Each time you willingly submit to sex, or force one of the guards or other creatures to have sex with you against their will, you will earn 20 points. Each time you ascend a level, you will earn 50 points. You are Team 1, and your Captain will be Priscilla. Welcome to the Sex Star, ladies. I hope you enjoy yourselves."

A section of floor disappeared, and a long, wide platform rose up from it. There were guns and other equipment on it, but no clothing.

Leigh Ann took what appeared to be a high-powered, very technologically advanced rifle and examined it enthusiastically. "This is what I'm talkin' about," she said in her soft, sexy Southern accent.

Once armed, the girls looked around for an exit. None presented itself, and they started to panic. The panic increased as they heard the telltale hissing of gas and saw a cloud of pink smoke coming out of the vents.

As the smoke permeated the room and the girls became lost in the cloud, they started to get hornier and hornier. Angela's cock stiffened, everyone else's pussy juiced up and there wasn't a soft nipple to be found in the room. Shannon, who had never stopped fingering herself, cried out in pleasure as she came.

This broke Angela's resolve, and she grabbed the nearest girl -- Katie -- and prepared to fuck her. "No!" Katie protested. "Angela, stop, please! I'm a virgin!"

Leigh Ann raised her gun and fired a bolt of silver energy at the shemale. Angela screamed and launched a load of cum onto Katie's back and ass, then fell over on her side and continued cumming. Her orgasm took a while to subside, and she lay there panting and made no attempt to get back up afterward.

"Hmm," Leigh Ann said, looking down at her weapon with a bemused expression. "Apparently, these guns make people cum."

"You shot her without knowing what it would do?" Danielle asked, looking rather disturbed by this.

"Mmm, it looks so good," Shannon said, kneeling down behind Katie and proceeding to lick Angela's cum off of her. Katie's expression quickly turned from apprehensive to lustful, and when Shannon started licking her pussy she didn't protest and in fact spread her legs further apart to give the sexy blond better access.

"It's an aphrodisiac," Summer said. "The gas is to make us hornier before we're released onto the station." And with that, she grabbed Brandi and started passionately kissing her. Brandi immediately responded, not only kissing Summer back but also fondling her big tits and playing with her sensitive nipples.

Katie screamed as Shannon's tongue caused her to start cumming. Danielle had started eating out Priscilla, and that left only Angela for Leigh Ann to play with. She grabbed the shemale's cock and stroked it to full hardness, then straddled the sexy redhead and allowed her pussy to envelop her stiff rod.

While Leigh Ann bounced up and down on Angela's cock, Shannon straddled her face and asked her to lick. Leigh Ann gladly ate the tasty pussy, and Shannon came quickly and loudly. Angela filled Leigh Ann with cum from the other end, and this set off her own orgasm. Priscilla licked her pussy clean.

A wall panel slid open, revealing a long, empty corridor outside. The girls stepped out into the Sex Star, debated for a few moments and then headed left down the corridor.

Stacey awoke to the sound of a shemale masturbating, much as Priscilla had. She adjusted her glasses to make sure she was seeing what she was actually seeing. "Hey there, sexy," the shemale said in a soft, sultry voice. "Wanna fuck?"

Stacey was very horny for some reason, and figured that if this girl had a cock then she could fuck her and still be heterosexual. "Sure, why not?" she said, getting up and walking over to the shemale, who watched her big 36D tits bounce and sway as she walked.

Stacey straddled the shemale, allowing her cock to slowly fill her pussy. While she bounced up and down on her new friend's lap, she kissed her passionately and played with her nipples. Her tits were much smaller than Stacey's -- B-cups -- but nice and perky, with hard pencil-eraser nipples just begging to be sucked.

Stacey moved her kisses lower, doing just that... the shemale moaned as Stacey's hot mouth enveloped first one nipple, then the other.

Now the shemale's hands had roamed down to play with Stacey's tits, massaging them pleasantly. Her fingers found Stacey's hard nipples and started rolling and twisting them.

Stacey came so hard she inadvertently bit down on the shemale's nipple, but since her partner seemed to enjoy it she figured there was no harm done. Shemale cum flooded her pussy and set her off on another orgasm.

After she came down from her orgasmic high, she introduced herself properly.

"I'm Erin," the shemale replied with a smile.

Their orgasmic cries had woken the other six girls, and introductions were made all around. Vicky was a slender redhead with a shaved pussy and a magnificent ass; Lena was an even thinner blond with a gorgeous face and amazing legs; Lorraine was a petite, athletic Asian; Kim was a pretty black girl, athletic like Lorraine, but with a curvier, bustier build; Joy was a tall, leggy brunette with a nice tan, pouty lips and an incredible ass; and Tina was a drop-dead gorgeous brunette with bewitching green eyes and perfect 38DDD tits.

The voice on the intercom delivered the same speech that Team 1 had received, and appointed Joy as Team 2's captain. Team 2 was assigned their weapons, and then got gassed.

"Oh my god, they're trying to kill us!" Tina exclaimed in a panicked voice.

"Calm down," Joy told her. "If they wanted us dead, they wouldn't have woken us up. This is something else..." She watched the gas warily as it poured out of the vents and enveloped the girls.

"My pussy's juicing up," Lena supplied. "It's an aphrodisiac!"

"They're preparing us to be fucked," Lorraine said softly. It was the first thing she had said other than her name, and many of the girls turned to look at her in shock, either wondering where she had come from or when she had learned to talk.

"Well, it's working," Lena said. "I'm so horny... somebody please fuck me!" No sooner had she spoken than Erin was wrestling her to the ground. Lena spread her legs quite willingly, and when Erin inserted her cock into the blond's dripping cunt Lena bucked her hips to get more of the member's length inside her. Her obvious enthusiasm and sexy moaning and whimpering, along with the effects of the aphrodisiac, sent Erin over the edge pretty quickly. Erin was about to apologize for her premature ejaculation when she felt Lena start squirting uncontrollably as her own orgasm hit.

Tina got down on her hands and knees next to Lena, and turned her head to wink at Erin. "I'm next, baby," she said. Erin pulled her still-hard cock out of Lena and put it into Tina instead, fucking the sexy brunette doggystyle. Joy got down between Lena's legs and started licking Erin's cum out of her; Vicky sat down in front of Tina and spread her legs, and Tina eagerly tongued her dripping hole.

Lorraine and Kim had gotten into a 69, which left Stacey's pussy in desperate need of attention. She lowered herself slowly onto Lena's face, and the sexy blond licked her without argument.

Erin's cum flooded Tina's pussy, setting off her own orgasm, and she redoubled her efforts and managed to bring Vicky off only about half a minute thereafter. However, when she presented her pussy to Vicky for reciprocal licking the redhead simply slapped her on the ass and walked away.

"Erin! Get her!" Tina cried indignantly, and the shemale gladly tackled Vicky to the ground. "Fuck her in the ass!" Tina added as an afterthought.

Vicky struggled in vain as Erin inserted her cock into her tight little asshole. Tina pressed her crotch against the redhead's face, forcing her to either lick or suffocate to death. Erin's cum ran out of Tina's pussy and down Vicky's chin as it poured into her mouth in greater quantities than she could handle.

"Play with her clit!" Tina instructed Erin. "Make her enjoy it!"

Vicky moaned into Tina's cunt as the shemale forced her to like being anally raped. Erin's cum spurting into her asshole set off her own orgasm, and she buried her face in Tina's pussy to muffle her screams. Tina grabbed her hair and humped her face roughly, bringing herself off, then her and Erin let Vicky go.

A wall panel opened, revealing an exit, and the girls headed out into the corridor.

Team 1 found a lift before anything could happen to them. They squeezed in and pressed the up button... there were no buttons with numbers on them, so apparently you couldn't choose your floor.

The doors closed, familiar-looking pink gas poured into the elevator and Angela grabbed Leigh Ann and started fucking her roughly from behind. Brandi made out with Shannon, Danielle went down on Summer and Priscilla went down on Katie. The lift started moving, but the girls were so lost in the pleasurable sensations of fucking that they didn't notice the delay.

Katie, still inexperienced with sex, came quickly. Angela flooded Leigh Ann's pussy and triggered the blond's own orgasm shortly thereafter. Summer only barely got an orgasm in before the lift stopped and the doors opened onto another corridor.

Angela got down in front of Leigh Ann and licked her pussy clean, giving her another orgasm in the process. "Mmm," she said, licking her lips. "I've always liked the taste of my own cum, but yours definitely enhances the flavor."

Leigh Ann pulled her in for a kiss, and after making out with her passionately for several moments pulled away and said, "You're right. That does taste good."

With Leigh Ann cleaned up, the girls stepped out into the corridor. Leigh Ann, who it had been determined was the best with a gun, took point... Danielle, who had served in the Air Force and was a good enough shot with the bigger guns to become an ace pilot, took up the rear guard position. Priscilla, Summer, Angela and Brandi protected the sides of the formation, while Shannon and Katie walked in the middle... neither of them had ever been in any kind of fight before, so they would probably be useless in a combat situation.

After a few minutes of moving through the station without talking, Priscilla turned to Angela. "So, are there others like you?" she asked.

"You mean dickgirls?" the redhead replied, using the term the only boyfriend she had ever had who wasn't completely freaked out by her condition had used. "I've never seen another real one, but they're common in Japanese animation from what I understand. And if I exist, there's no reason another few hundred can't. Right?"

"Right," Priscilla said. "I was just wondering because I've never met anyone like you either. So if there are others like you, then they're rare." A thought occurred to her. "What about your parents?" she asked.

"I'm adopted," Angela said. "My birth mother was raped, so she gave me up after having me. She never did identify her attacker... I don't know who my father is."

Before Priscilla could think of an appropriate response to this, the girls were attacked from behind, and Danielle went down without getting off a single shot. Her orgasmic cries as the gun's effect took hold alerted the other girls, who spun and fired. Two of the eight dickgirls that had come seemingly from out of nowhere fell, cum spurting from their dicks.

The dickgirls returned fire. They were well-trained, and Summer, Brandi and Shannon all went down.

Leigh Ann and Priscilla managed to hit their targets, evening the odds. Angela and Priscilla went down in the dickgirls' next salvo though, and Leigh Ann only managed to take down one more dickgirl before being hit herself.

Katie fired, but missed. The three remaining dickgirls rushed and disarmed her, then forced her into the doggy position. Two of them restrained her arms while the third positioned her cock at the entrance to Katie's tight virgin cunt.

"No!" Katie protested. "Please, stop! I'm a virgin!"

"Well then, I'll be gentle. Ish," the dickgirl replied before driving a third of her 15-inch dick into Katie's hole. Katie's screams made the dickgirl hotter, and her dick swelled inside the virgin's cunt. As she drove three more inches inside, she tore through Katie's hymen roughly. The dickgirls restraining Katie's arms were now using their free hands to play with her nipples, and she felt herself juice up involuntarily. This allowed the dickgirl to slip another inch inside her... she was now being fucked with nine inches.
