 "So what do we do now?" Katie asked, sounding a little panicked.

"We are so fucked," Brandi repeated.

"Quiet," Summer said. "I'm trying to think."

"Think?" Danielle said. "What's there to think about? We're locked in. There's only one thing we can do."

"We can't go into that forest," Shannon said. "Those things in there will catch us and eat us!"

"And that would really hurt my bowling average," Priscilla said.

"We're not going to get eaten," Leigh Ann said. "Don't you guys remember what The Commander said? 'There are also numerous creatures who live aboard the station, but they won't try to kill or injure you... they are only interested in sex.'"

"So everything in there wants to fuck us?" Katie said, sounding even more panicked now.

"Yeah, probably," Leigh Ann said. "You should probably let me take point. I have experience with this sort of thing. Well, not this sort of thing exactly, but woods."

The other girls all agreed, and fell in behind Leigh Ann. She slowly and cautiously led them into the forest.

"You know, it's actually kind of pretty," Shannon said, looking around at the vibrant green leaves and exotic flowering plants.

"Any of these could be the first thing that tries to fuck you," Summer reminded her.

"Ow!" Katie said suddenly, causing the other girls to jump. "Sorry," she said. "A mosquito bit me."

"Even in space, those things are a fucking pain in the ass," Priscilla said.

"Actually, it doesn't feel bad anymore," Katie told her. "It actually feels kind of good. Oh God, I need a cock inside me. Fuck me, Angela!"

The dickgirl swiftly and smoothly mounted Katie from behind, fucking her gently so it wouldn't be painful to her still-tight pussy. She reached around underneath the brunette girl to tease her clit with her fingers, maximing her lover's enjoyment of the situation. Katie moaned encouragingly.

"Well, now I'm horny too," Priscilla said as she watched the sexual display. Danielle knelt in front of her and started eating her out... Brandi, without being asked, went down on Shannon.

Angela screamed her pleasure as she filled Katie's pussy with cum... Katie's screams joined Angela's in an orgasmic chorus that eventually included Shannon and Priscilla.

Suddenly, semen rained down on the girls from above, covering them in hot, sticky cum... something had been masturbating up in the trees while it watched their orgy.

Whatever it was, it laughed as it plastered the girls' hair, faces and tits with spunk.

"I have a feeling we're gonna have to start getting used to that," Priscilla said.

"We can lick you off if you want," a female voice said.

The girls turned toward the speaker. She was tall and slender, with bouncy 36EEE breasts. She had green skin, as did all the other beautiful, well-endowed women -- about 20 of them in all -- accompanying her.

"Not to be rude or anything..." Summer started.

"That ship has fucking sailed," Shannon muttered.

"... but what are you?" Summer finished.

"We are dryads," the leader of the green-skinned women said.

"Well, that clears that up," muttered Priscilla, who had never heard of dryads before.

"Nature spirits," Summer explained. "There's one for every tree, at least in the Greek myth."

"They're not... dangerous, are they?" Katie asked nervously.

"Only if you disrespect or unnecessarily damage the plants and trees in their forest," Summer assured her.

"Okay, then," Katie said. "I'm okay with them licking us off if everybody else is."

The girls all agreed, and soon each of them was being serviced by at least two dryad mouths. Eventually, the dryads started eating them out... the girls came loud and hard, attracting the attention of yet more of the greenhouse's inhabitants. The dryads didn't stop licking the girls, making them cum over and over again, even as creatures mounted the dryads from behind and fucked them.

Priscilla got a good look at the creatures first. They were short, most of them between 3 and 4 feet, but had big dicks... each one was 9 or 10 inches long. Their pink skin made them look like newborn mice... or like the demons in the Doom games. That was what they reminded Priscilla of. Anatomically correct pink demons.

A dryad's pussy suddenly obstructed Priscilla's view. Cum drooled out of it, splattering onto her face in little droplets like a soft rain. She knew the dryad wanted her to lick her clean, and complied readily.

Priscilla felt a cock entering her pussy, and then one of the creatures was fucking her roughly. She heard Katie's moans of pleasure turn more pained and knew that at least one of her teammates was receiving the same treatment, but with the dryad's wetly orgasming pussy in her face she couldn't see anything.

The creatures flipped Priscilla over, while the dryads grabbed her and helped them restrain her. She saw now that all of the other girls were in the same position, and that each one had one of the pink creatures standing on each end of her body. Sure enough, Priscilla -- and the other girls -- got fucked in the mouth and pussy at the same time.

The creature fucking Priscilla's mouth came like a geyser, flooding her mouth to overflowing with sperm. It leaked out the corners of her mouth to cover her chin, cheeks and neck. From the other end, she was given an equally messy creampie.

By the time all of the pink creatures were finished with the girls, there wasn't a dry spot anywhere on their bodies... they were completely covered in cum. The dryads didn't offer to lick them off this time.

The girls walked further into the greenhouse, leaving a trail of sticky cum on the ground behind them. Summer furiously wiped at her glasses, but her hands were nearly as sperm-covered as the lenses so it only made matters worse.

"Here, let me," Leigh Ann said, taking Summer's glasses and swiping them on some leaves until they were relatively clean. She handed them back to her. "Better?"

Summer nodded. "Thanks," she said.

"No problem," Leigh Ann said.

"We can't trust any other women," Summer said.

"Why do you say that?" Priscilla asked.

"Because, those dryads orchestrated our gangbang back there intentionally. We have to assume that all of the women who live aboard the Sex Star, even the ones who don't have dicks, want to see us raped. And Team 2 is in direct competition with us, so they're no different."

"You're probably right," Danielle admitted. "Speaking of Team 2, I wonder what they're up to right now?"

Team 2 had, like Team 1 -- although unlike Team 1, they had so far managed to avoid the greenhouse -- started exploring the Sex Star further. This had caused them to find an entirely different variety of trouble.

The corridor they had entered was not like the others. This one had doors all the way up and down it on both sides, and unlike most of the other doors aboard the station the girls could see into the rooms beyond.

In fact, the doors were barred with metal and the rooms beyond looked like prison cells, only slightly more spacious and a little better decorated.

There were two or three beautiful women inside each cell. As the girls entered the corridor, the women all turned to look at them, many with expressions of eager anticipation. Then a door slammed down onto the floor behind the girls, and another one came down at the other end of the corridor. Then the pink gas flooded the cells, and the corridor outside them... and the cell doors all opened.

Within moments, all eight girls from Team 2 had women's mouths and/or fingers working their pussies, assholes and both of their nipples. The gas forced them to enjoy it, and a few minutes later each of them had cum.

The corridor was a neverending sea of bare female flesh, probably the biggest lesbian orgy that had ever occurred anywhere... there had to be over five hundred girls swarming over them, and each one seemed intent on individually making each member of Team 2 cum.

Other girls sat on their faces, making them lick pussies even as they were being licked, and Erin's cock got plenty of attention from the hungry mouths, pussies and even assholes of the girls from the cells. Sometimes, one of Erin's teammates would be tasked with licking her cum out of a girl's hole... one time, Erin had to clean up after herself and taste her own cum while another girl sucked her cock and a third licked her cunt. Erin screamed into the pussy of the girl sitting on her face as she came long and hard.

The existence of a ventilation system had given Lena an idea. Once the prisoners filed back into their cells and the cell doors closed, she led her team out of the corridor and said, "Erin, can you work up another erection?"

She nodded. "Dickgirls have no refractory period... our stamina is pretty much unlimited, as far as scientists have been able to determine."

"Good," Lena said. "Masturbate for me. Be as loud as you can, but don't be quick about it."

While Erin stroked her cock and moaned sexily in the background, Lena huddled together with the other girls and whispered, she hoped softly enough to avoid the audio pickups of the surveillance cameras, "Has the significance of the gas occurred to everyone else?"

"It takes the edge off," Kim said. "Makes us enjoy what's happening to us. It's the only shred of mercy our captors have shown so far."

Lena shook her head. "You're technically right," she said, "but you're missing my point. If they can pump gas out at us, that means there's a ventilation system. And if there are vents, we might be able to crawl through them and get out of here."

"Umm... I hate to be Captain Obvious, but we're in space," Stacey pointed out. "Once we're outside we'll die from explosive decompression."

"That's the other shred of mercy our captors have shown," Lorraine observed darkly. "They've given us a way out. A permanent one."

"Not necessarily," Lena said. "Think about it. Does the technology that the guy on the intercom was talking about actually exist? Is it even possible for it to be developed in the modern era?"

Stacey thought for a moment, then admitted, "Maybe not. What are you thinking, that this is all fake? Some psychological experiment or something?"

Lena nodded. "It's possible, right?"

Vicky pointed to Erin, who was still beating off a foot or so behind the girls. "Explain her, then."

"I can't," Lena said. "But virtual reality might be able to. Suppose this is all a video game?"

"So what are we talking about here?" Joy asked. "Crawling through the air vents?"

"Basically, yes," Lena said. "Don't worry, it's easy. I do it all the time."

"Maybe you do, but I've got a good four inches on you, and it'll be a tighter squeeze for someone my height," Joy said. "Not to mention someone with hips like Tina's."

The curvy brunette nodded. "I'd have a bit of trouble, I think," she admitted.

"So would me and Kim," Stacey joined in. "We've got roughly the same build, and our hips aren't that much narrower than Tina's."

"So just because we've got some fatties we can't escape?" Vicky objected harshly.

This comment was met with silence for a mere two seconds, then the deafening crack of palm meeting flesh at a high rate of velocity. Vicky staggered sideways a bit and glared at Joy, a trickle of blood running from one corner of her mouth... Tina left her hand raised, but balled it into a fist. "You want more?" she asked.

Vicky shook her head meekly.

"Then stop being such a fucking cunt," Tina said.

Lena looked to Joy. "You're our captain," she said. "What's your decision?"

"If we can't all go, then nobody does," Joy said.

Lena nodded. "It was just an idea. We'll find a better one."

"I know we will," Joy said. "Most of us are smart." She glared at Vicky, as if isolating her as the stupid one.

Vicky glared back with even greater intensity, but said nothing just in case Tina actually meant to punch her. In a few days you'll be gone, bitch, she thought as the girls reformed into a line and started walking further into the station.

She redirected her glare to Tina and added to herself, And then I'll see about getting rid of you, too.