 I have a bad feeling about this, Melissa thought as she entered the locker room. Kristy was standing before her naked, but that wasn't what bothered Melissa. The cheerleaders changed into and out of their uniforms in front of each other and frequently showered together after games and practices, and were quite used to the sight of nudity, especially in the locker room.

It was the fact that Kristy was scowling and tapping her foot impatiently that made Melissa nervous. "I know," she said, holding up a hand to forestall the captain's tirade. "I had car trouble again."

"When are you going to get rid of that piece of shit?" Becky asked as she finished straightening her uniform's skirt and checked to make sure that her long, shiny black hair was still straight in the mirror affixed to the inside of her locker.

"Better question," Kristy said. "How the fuck do you expect us to win any competitions if you can't even show up on time for practice?"

Melissa had already started removing her clothes so she could change into her uniform. Now, standing before Kristy in just her skimpy thong panties, she straightened and looked the pretty blond senior in the eye. This caused her perfectly shaped, gravity-defying 34D breasts -- tied with the identical twins, Tracy and Cindy, for biggest on the squad -- to point out intimidatingly at Kristy's smaller 34Cs. Kristy glared at them.

"I'm here now, and the longer you berate me the later we'll get started," Melissa pointed out. She had been about to apologize, but Kristy was being such a bitch she had decided to go another direction.

Kristy's expression hardened. "Next time you're late, don't bother showing up at all," she said darkly. "And tell Brandi the same."

"Brandi's not here yet?" Melissa asked. Her fellow freshman, though a year younger at 18, was usually more reliable than that.

"Nope," said Sheralyn, Brandi's best friend and the only black girl on the squad. "And no, I haven't heard from her."

"Weird," Melissa said as she started putting on her uniform.

Halfway through the day, there was still no sign of Priscilla or Brandi. This had caused Melissa to become quite preoccupied, and she slammed right into another girl going around a corner on her way to class.

"Oh! Sorry about that," the girl said, pushing her glasses back into position before bending down to retrieve the books and papers she had dropped.

"Totally my fault," Melissa replied. "Don't worry about it. Are you okay?"

"Yeah," the girl said. She was pretty in a nerdy sort of way, with long, straight, light brown hair, a fair complexion dotted with the occasional freckle, a body so slender it almost looked fragile, and large breasts -- about the same size as her own, Melissa guessed -- that looked out of place on her skinny body. She had a tight black T-shirt pulled over these huge melons, and it said I FEEL A DISTURBANCE IN THE FORCE on it. "How about you?"

"I'm fine," Melissa said, dropping to one knee to help the girl gather her things. Their breasts had connected pretty hard during their collision, but it had been more arousing than painful... Melissa hoped the girl couldn't see her hard nipples. "Just... worried about a friend that's gone missing."

"Really? Me too," the girl said. "My best friend Stacey didn't show up today, and she never misses a class. Weird... maybe there's some disease going around or something?" Stacey would have to be on her deathbed in order to miss a whole day of classes... it had to be an illness, maybe a flu outbreak or something.

"Maybe," Melissa said doubtfully. "But my sister's dropped off the radar too, and she'd still check in with a text message or something if she was sick."

"Yeah, it's not like Stacey to not let me know if something's up," the girl agreed. "But I'm making you late for class. We should continue this later."

Melissa nodded. "Lunch after this next class?" she suggested. The university had a cafeteria, and students met to hang out there in between classes all the time.

The girl, who introduced herself as Amanda, agreed... Melissa introduced herself too, then they parted ways.

About an hour later, Melissa and Amanda sat together in the cafeteria and talked about their missing friends and relative.

"Look at this," Amanda said, pulling out her smartphone. "I checked online to see who else might be tweeting about missing people -- three is a lot just for the two of us to know about, so I had a hunch there were more -- and I was right."

Melissa looked at all the posts, some of which contained pictures. Pictures of beautiful women, some of them even prettier than Brandi or Priscilla. "This looks almost exactly like my sister," she said, showing Amanda a picture of Tina Lawson, an up-and-coming model. "She's got different colored eyes and longer hair, but other than that they're the same."

Amanda nodded, taking the phone back and scrolling through the pictures to stop on a gorgeous redhead with cute glasses that enhanced rather than detracted from her beauty. "Same with this librarian, Summer Olsen. She looks an awful lot like Stacey, if Stacey dyed her hair red and straightened it."

"So do you think all these disappearances are connected?" Melissa asked.

"They're all occurring at the same time, which tells me they are. But this one, Kim Staples, she was a Laker Girl. As in, from California. Sure, a lot of the others were from the east coast, a lot of them from right here in Virginia, but then you've got this one on the other side of the country..."

"She doesn't fit the profile, though," Melissa said, reading about Lorraine Ling, a missing woman who ran a martial arts dojo she had actually driven past on her way here. "Not to sound racist or anything, but none of the others were black."

"Yeah, but she's young, pretty, athletic... most of the others fit that description," Amanda pointed out. "And skin color doesn't matter as much as it used to. I mean, I know we're in the south, but still..."

"Yeah, I know. So, you think she's connected to the others still? How? Aliens?"

"Don't be ridiculous!" Amanda said, tickling Melissa playfully. Her fingers accidentally grazed the underside of Melissa's breast, and Melissa felt her nipples stiffen again. She wasn't a full-fledged lesbian like her sister, but she was known to enjoy the company of women occasionally. She wondered how Amanda would respond if she made her feelings known, but then she saw her eyes drifting to Melissa's breasts of her own accord and realized that the interest was mutual.

"Maybe we should discuss this further in my dorm room," Melissa offered.

Amanda blushed and quickly glanced away from her cleavage. "Um... okay," she said. "As long as that won't make you late for class or anything."

"I don't mind if you make me late," Melissa said. "It probably means you're doing it right."

"Doing what... oh!" A look of stunned realization crossed Amanda's face. Melissa smiled encouragingly at her, taking her arm and leading her to the dorms.

Amanda was trembling with nervous excitement, her body vibrating against Melissa's, by the time they got to the dorm room. "Have you done this before?" Melissa asked her.

Amanda shook her head. "I made out with Stacey a couple of times, but it was to practice so we'd be good at it for boys," she admitted. "I've never actually been with a girl."

"If you don't want to..." Melissa started.

"No! I mean, I really, really want to," Amanda said.

"Good," Melissa whispered in her ear before softly kissing her neck. Amanda sighed and relaxed in her arms, letting Melissa turn her head and kiss her full on the mouth without offering any resistance. Their tongues danced for a few minutes, Amanda getting so involved in the proceedings that she didn't even seem to notice her shirt was pulled up around her neck and Melissa was unfastening her bra.

As Amanda's tits popped free, Melissa broke the kiss to pull her shirt the rest of the way over her head. Then she ducked down to suck one of Amanda's nipples into her mouth, prompting a moan from her.

A couple minutes later, she had the rest of Amanda's clothes off and had buried her face in the cute brunette's pussy. Amanda was screaming and bucking her hips enthusiastically, obviously cumming very hard. Melissa took her clit into her mouth and gently bit it, increasing the power of her orgasm. She fell back on the bed, naked and exhausted, while Melissa looked up at her with pussy juice smeared all over her face. Amanda had gotten so wet that there was enough juice to drip off of her chin, getting on Melissa's neck and tits as well.

Amanda watched, allowing herself to become aroused again, as Melissa stripped for her. Once the lovely redhead's perfect body was on display, Amanda attacked her, no longer shy or nervous in the grip of her lust. About five minutes later, she had found Melissa's sweet spot with her tongue and was making her lover cum over and over again.

Melissa finally had to push Amanda off and declare she was too exhausted to continue. She flopped down on the bed and laid there trying to catch her breath. Amanda curled up next to her, not trying to stimulate her anymore but simply snuggling with her new girlfriend. They fell asleep in each other's arms.

Melissa awoke to the sound of a woman moaning. For a quick, panicked second she wondered who had walked in on her, but then relaxed when she recognized the voice and ridiculously toned body of her roommate and fellow cheerleader, Brooke. The two of them had done what Melissa and Amanda had just done several times, so she wasn't exactly worried about the cute blond spreading any rumors about her.

Brooke had walked in to find Melissa and Amanda sleeping together, still naked, and had apparently decided to immediately strip down and start fingering herself. She was a compulsive exerciser, with a training regimen far above and beyond what any of the other cheerleaders put themselves through, and it showed... her perfectly flat and toned stomach, athletic, even somewhat muscular legs and tight, firm ass were the envy of a lot of other girls. She wasn't as well-endowed as Melissa or Amanda, but her 32Cs were nice and perky.

Brooke's moans got louder and took on a breathy quality as she came. She sat down on the edge of the bed to catch her breath without even noticing that Melissa was awake... Melissa decided it would be fun to mess with her a bit.

She sat up as slowly as she could, making sure not to jostle either Brooke or Amanda, and crawled across the bed to where Brooke was. Then she reached around and cupped her roommate's breasts, rolling the nipples between her fingers, while pressing her own big tits into Brooke's back.

"Mmm," Brooke moaned. "That's nice."

Melissa kissed her neck, then whispered in her ear: "I can be even nicer."

"I know," Brooke replied with a big smile on her face, apparently remembering all the times her roommate had been nice to her in the past. "Who's the hottie?"

"Amanda," Melissa breathed, still speaking directly into Brooke's ear. She gave her sensitive earlobe a little lick, and Brooke cooed in pleasure. "I'll make sure you're properly introduced after she wakes up."

One of Melissa's hands had snaked down between Brooke's legs now, and she was rubbing the sexy blond's clit. Brooke cried out in ecstasy and released a flood of pussy juice onto the bedsheets.

Her scream awakened Amanda, who looked around bleary-eyed long after the point where Melissa would have regained her vision after sleep. "Put your glasses on, sweetie," Melissa reminded her.

Amanda smiled appreciatively when she saw Brooke, who had twisted around slightly to kiss Melissa. She licked down Melissa's neck and fastened her mouth over a nipple, freeing up Melissa's mouth so she could talk.

"This is my roommate, Brooke," she said. "Brooke, this is Amanda."

Amanda leaned down and ran her tongue along Brooke's slit, then smiled up at her and said, "Pleased to meet you."

Brooke reached down and starting fingering Melissa, turning away from the redhead's breast so she could talk. "The pleasure's all mine, sexy," she said, leaning down to suck on Amanda's nipple instead. Amanda's hand found Brooke's pussy, and Brooke's other hand found Amanda's. Soon, all three girls were fingering each other.

After they came, Brooke straddled Melissa's face and then contorted her body around so her own face was buried in Amanda's cunt. Amanda managed to twist her upper body around so she could eat Melissa out, allowing all three girls to receive oral pleasure.

Melissa found herself becoming tired again after that, so she told the girls to go on without her while she stretched out on the bed and watched them. The last thing she saw before falling asleep was the two of them in the 69 position, Amanda slapping Brooke on her sexy ass (Brooke liked to be spanked, and had begged Amanda to do it).

When Melissa awoke again, Amanda and Brooke were both gone. However, the room smelled more strongly of pussy than she remembered, leaving her to wonder how many more times they had gone before they had finally finished.

She got out of bed, stretched, and threw some clothes on. The clock on the nightstand told her she had missed an entire afternoon's worth of classes, but it had been well worth it.

As she picked up her phone from its position next to the clock, she remembered the other missing women Amanda had found online. After verifying that neither Brandi nor Priscilla had checked in, she checked every site she could think of for news of them. There was nothing, and there appeared to be no further progress in the cases of the other missing women either. One girl's mother was a reporter, and had started following the cases for an article.

Melissa sighed. Tomorrow, she would have to go to the police if she still hadn't heard from Priscilla and Brandi. She realized that Amanda would probably want to go with her and report Stacey missing, which almost caused her to smile... she would take any excuse to spend more time with her new lover.