 When Kayla woke up, it wasn't in the department store fitting room she had fallen asleep in. She was in a white room filled with bright flourescent light, almost like a hospital or something.

She tried to get up, and realized she had been immobilized... leather restraints bound her wrists and ankles, and another, larger strap encircled her torso just beneath her breasts, pushing them up and out invitingly while also leaving her unable to part with the surface of the table she was lying on.

"Hello, sexy," a beautifully accented female voice -- Mexican, she thought, or maybe Brazilian -- said. She could turn her head just enough to look at the speaker, and what she saw took her breath away.

The woman wasn't wearing anything, and that was the first thing that jumped out at her. The second thing that jumped out at her -- literally jumped out, as it extended quite far from her body and twitched with arousal every once in a while -- was her cock. It was long and thick and extremely hard, and precum leaked from the tip in a steady stream.

"You're beautiful," she breathed, her gaze traveling up the shemale's toned, athletic body to her perfectly shaped 34C tits, capped with puffy, dark brown nipples that looked like little Hershey's Kisses. She felt her pussy getting wet with anticipation of that cock being thrust inside it, and licked her lips as she thought about sucking and licking those delicious chocolate nipples.

"You enjoyed fucking Melissa and her friends?" the shemale asked.

"Oh, yes. They were amazing," Kayla said. "How do you know them?"

"I don't," the shemale said, and didn't elaborate. "How would you like to fuck them again? With your very own cock?"

It sounded impossible. But it also sounded awesome. Kayla felt her pussy spasm, and realized she was close to cumming and hadn't even been touched yet. "I would love that," she said.

"Then I have to put you back to sleep," the shemale said. "But I will come and visit you later, and we will have fun trying out your new organ."

Kayla nodded, then felt the back of her head hit the table lightly as anesthesia coursed through her body. A few moments later, the world went black.

While Kayla was being modified aboard the Sex Star, plans were being laid for one of Melissa's other friends. Henry Colon pocketed the syringe Gerda's messenger -- a petite, attractive female uniformed officer -- had given him, being careful not to break it or do anything else that would cause the cocktail of drugs inside to leak out.

The syringe's contents would not only knock his partner out, but cause her to feel uncontrollably horny when she woke up. One of the drugs also induced lactation, as the pretty officer had helpfully advised him.

Henry got in the car with his partner and smiled at her. Laura smiled back, completely unaware of what was going on. He waited for the best opportunity to inject her.

Kayla woke up with what was a completely new sensation for her... a throbbing erection. She smiled down at her new cock, admiring its length and fullness, its remarkably smooth texture, the shiny beads of precum forming at its tip.

She moaned as she took it in her hand and started to stroke her new appendage, sending unfamiliar but intensely pleasurable sensations through her body. Her jerking quickened in pace and her moans turned to screams as a sudden orgasm overtook her, forcing great sticky jets of cum from the tip of her dick.

The hot white liquid splattered up her body, coating her stomach and breasts liberally and depositing a few drops on her neck and chin, before her cock started to soften and the stream aimed downward. She shot the last few squirts of jizz on her thighs, and on the table she was sitting on.

The Latina Kayla had met earlier entered the room, wearing nothing but a big smile and a heaping helping of her own jizz. Apparently, she had been stroking her own cock to orgasm while watching Kayla's masturbation session through the surveillance system. "Having fun?" she asked in her incredibly sexy accent.

Kayla's cock was rock hard again in only a few seconds. "I love this thing," she said. "Thank you so much for giving it to me."

"Do you want me to suck it?"

"Oh, yes, please suck it, baby."

The Latina knelt before Kayla and teased the head of her cock with her tongue, licking around the sensitive tip and tasting her precum. Then her mouth engulfed the stiff member, and Kayla was lost in ecstasy.

It only took about a minute for her to launch a load of cum down the Latina's throat. The shemale took nearly all of it, swallowing a couple of times to prevent from drowning, only letting the last two squirts get on her pretty face.

"What's your name, sexy?" Kayla asked after recovering from her orgasm.

"Karina," the Latina replied.

"I'm Kayla."

"I know. We've been watching you for the better part of the past week."

"We?"

Shemales started filing into the room, which seemed, rather disorientingly, to expand in order to accomodate all of them. There had to be over a hundred. "All of us," Karina said. "And now, you suck our cocks."

"Is this the place?" Laura asked.

"This is where the tip said to go," Henry replied.

"It looks deserted," she observed.

"Well, you can't very well run a sex trafficking ring out of a factory that's still in use."

"Good point. You want the front door, or the back door?"

"I'll leave that up to Gerda," Henry said as he plunged the syringe into the back of Laura's neck and injected its contents into her.

"Ow! Who's Gerda?" Laura asked groggily, already starting to slump forward from the effects of the drugs.

"You'll find out soon enough," Henry replied as he caught her to keep her from injuring herself on the pavement, then dragged her inside the building.

As Kayla forced the last drop of cum out of the last shemale's cock, she thought that wherever here was, she was going to really enjoy it here. She had had dicks in her pussy and ass for most of the time she was sucking the dickgirls off, and had been brought to several glorious orgasms. Some of the shemales had even gone down on her.

Plus, this played right to one of her biggest fetishes... she had always loved being covered in cum, and had in fact begged all of the guys she dated to cum on her face. Most of them had loved this about her, but there was the odd prude who couldn't handle it. Not so with this crowd, where everyone wanted to deposit their seed on her cute young face.

Every time she came as a girl, she also came as a guy... while her pussy was spasming, her dick shot cum all over the floor and the shemales. Not that any of them seemed to mind being covered in cum any more than she did.

"Where am I?" she asked.

"The Sex Star," Karina replied. "Come with me, I'll take you to The Commander and he'll answer all of your questions."

Laura awoke strapped to a table. It was one of those adjustable tables that allows the person strapped to it to achieve a near-sitting position, which is the position Laura had been placed in.

She was naked, and could feel the wetness of her arousal between her spread-eagled legs. Someone had shaved off her remaining pubic hair... she kept it trimmed, but not bald. Apparently her captors wanted it bald.

She could feel something else, too... a warm, sticky wetness on and just below her breasts. At first she thought someone had cum on her, but then she realized that her nipples were leaking milk at a steady dribble. Weird... she had never lactated before.

A nude woman approached. Well, not quite a woman. There was a dick between her legs. It was maybe 8 or 9 inches long, but fairly thick so still good-sized. Precum leaked steadily from the tip of it.

She was beautiful, at any rate. Long black hair and matching eyes -- the darkest eyes Laura had ever seen -- topped a killer body with 36D breasts, curvy hips and shapely legs. Without introduction or preamble, she thrust her cock into Laura's pussy and started fucking her.

It was only then that she spoke... from the time she started to the time she came loudly and enthusiastically, she called Laura names like "slut", "cunt", and "whore" in a sexy Russian accent.

It turned Laura on for some reason. She found that she liked the degrading and humiliating aspects, and was getting closer and closer to cumming herself. Gerda's spunk flooding her pussy set her off on a chain reaction of explosive multiple orgasms, and she was squirting by the time she was finished.

Her tits squirted, too... great streams of milk jetted forth from both nipples, splattering all over both Laura and her rapist.

A cock had been inserted into her mouth during one of her screams of pleasure, and now she happily sucked it. It wasn't until he pulled out and came all over her face that she realized she had been sucking off her partner, Henry.

Gerda -- the shemale had to be Gerda -- raised Laura up off the chair a little bit, elevating her ass, then plunged her cock into her tight asshole.

Laura had never much cared for anal before, especially as mercilessly hard as Gerda was giving it to her, but for some reason today she liked it. She found herself moaning in lust, and when another cock was presented to her mouth she took it eagerly. Somebody else, who had apparently been jerking off while they watched, shot a load of creamy jizz all over her tits.

Gerda's cum inside her asshole triggered another series of powerful orgasms for Laura, and the vibrations from her attempts to moan around the third cock in her mouth made the shemale orally raping her pump a load of cum down her throat.

It was a bigger load than Laura had expected, and she choked, causing cum to pour back out of her mouth and down her chin and neck. Some of it wound up on her tits.

With Gerda having finished christening her lower holes, the orgy was on now in a bigger way. Anyone who wanted to fuck Laura could take any of her holes any way they wanted, and as she proved more and more willing the restraints were loosened and eventually removed entirely. They put her in a variety of positions, all of which she enjoyed, and fucked all three of her holes until they were raw, sore and overflowing with cum.

She noted with no small amount of pleasure that Henry was one of only a couple of actual men there... most of her molesters were chicks with dicks, like Gerda. Laura had always preferred women, so she found the shemales -- beautiful and feminine, but also able to give her the fucking she so strongly desired -- very exciting.

They guided Laura to a kneeling position and gathered around her in a circle, all stroking their cocks. Cum rained down on her from all directions, and she opened her mouth to catch what was hitting her from the front. She had started to really like the way it tasted.

Everybody except for Gerda and a couple of the other shemales got dressed and left after that. Gerda picked up a strange contraption off of a nearby storage container and spoke into it. "Four to beam up," she said.

Laura, who had seen some Star Trek in her time, almost started laughing. Then she blinked, and when her eyes opened she was in another place.

Karina led Kayla through the Sex Star, taking the elevators up to the bridge. Each elevator would only go up one level, and each time they got on an elevator it would dose them with a pink gas that Karina explained was an aphrodisiac to make them fuck each other. As if Kayla needed any further motivation to fuck Karina, or any of the other dickgirls.

The bridge was filled with dickgirls, presumably crew members, as well as a few naked women without dicks. The sole male occupant was not bad-looking, but not what Kayla would have called handsome either. His cock was what really stood out... it was the nicest one Kayla had ever seen, a good 15 inches long. A gorgeous blond slave girl, one of the most beautiful women Kayla had ever seen, was rubbing this magnificent cock between her huge, 36EE tits.

With a grunt of pleasure, the man Kayla assumed to be The Commander shot his load... all over the lucky blond girl. The force and volume of his cumshot was unrivaled by any other that Kayla had ever seen, and soaked his target from head to toe. In some places, the cum lay on her so thick that you couldn't tell there was flesh beneath... she looked like a human-shaped blob of spunk.

Kayla orgasmed herself when she saw this, dropping to her knees with a lustful moan and shooting her own cum all over the floor. After she was finished, a slave girl hurried over and started cleaning up her jism with her tongue, licking it off the floor. 

"Oh, can I please suck your cock?" Kayla begged, dropping to her knees before her new master.

"What is your name, slut?" he asked.

"Kayla," she replied.

"I would be glad to have your mouth on my cock, Kayla."

Kayla smiled, then wasted no time getting as much of The Commander's dick into her mouth as she could. She sucked and licked and used her hands on the shaft to milk the cum out, trying to make him shoot his load for her as quickly as possible.

When it happened, it was glorious. She moaned and shuddered uncontrollably as she bathed in the fountain of semen, rubbing it all over her body and cumming over and over again. She thought she would probably never feel this good again as long as she lived.

Finally, her master's cum stopped flowing and the shower ended. She groaned, not wanting it to be over so soon. Then, there was a commotion off to the right. She turned to look, wiping cum out of her eyes so she could see.

A trio of shemales had just arrived with a new slave girl. It looked like she had already been well-fucked, as her face and tits were covered in cum and a steady stream of the fluid was leaking from her pussy and covering her thighs. "I volunteer to lick her off if she needs it," Kayla said.

Laura looked around after her eyes adjusted to the suddenly increased light. "There are more of you?" she asked Gerda, sounding pleased at the prospect.

"There are thousands of us," Gerda replied. "And we're all going to get a turn fucking you eventually."

Laura shivered in pleasure at her words, then meekly let Gerda lead her over to the man on the thronelike chair in the middle of the room.

"Master, I have a new slut for you to enjoy," Gerda said. Laura would have objected to being called a slut, but when she really thought about it she kind of was. She had just cum more than a dozen times from being raped repeatedly, and now at the idea of experiencing this man's enormous cock her pussy was juicing up again.

"You're Laura Fuller, aren't you?" the man said.

Laura blinked in surprise. "Yes. How did you know that?"

"We see everything up here. I know all the sexy women by name." He paused, reflecting for a moment. "Your skills make you ill-suited for slavery," he finally said. "Gerda, take her to Dr. Wang for transformation. She is to become part of my crew."

Gerda nodded, and led Laura away. Kayla watched their sexy asses for a few moments, then turned back to The Commander. "Any chance you could work up another load?" she asked him. "I'm hungry again."