 A quick warning to the reader - I'm English, so I've used English spelling for this one.

The moons were just rising in the Summer sky, Clotho almost full, Atropos gibbous, Lachesis still below the horizon, the evening light blueing the sunset red and gold. When Jack Palin took him aside, Toby wondered for a moment what it was about, until Jack took the print of an email from his pocket and showed it to him. Ah - Club Eros!

"Toby, what do you know about this?"

"Club Eros?" said Toby. Jack nodded, mute. "Dave told me about it when he came home last year. What he said, it's a way to get the guys and gals together on a Friday night for a fuck, no strings, no commitment."

Jack's face was a picture. "You're not joshing me?"

Toby shook his head. "Nope. It's the real thing, apparently."

"Did you get an invitation to this briefing thing?"

Toby nodded, and grinned at his friend. "Yep, sure did."

"You going?"

"I am. Look, Jack, you're a normal, red-blooded, heterosexual male, right?" Jack nodded. "This offers you the guarantee of meeting a girl every week, and the knowledge that the meeting is so that you both can get laid. What's not to like?"

Jack grinned. "When you put it like that, nothing. I'm not ready for commitment, anyway, but I surely do like the idea of getting laid."

"Come on, we only have ten more minutes until class. We'll go to the meeting tomorrow together, okay?"

*

Toby looked around, wondering if he was doing the right thing, or a little out of his mind. From the looks on some of the faces, others were wondering the same thing. At the front of the room, Peter Chelis stood up, waiting a moment for the hubbub of conversation to die. He looked around at the expectant faces, and grinned.

"Welcome to Summer University. More particularly, welcome to Club Eros," he said, "perhaps better known to a lot of us as The Sex Society." He waited a moment to let the cheer die away. "I'd just like to remind you of what it's all about. About ten years ago, at the turn of the twenty-second century, two students at this fine university were discussing sex. As we all know, sex is the student's prime focus at university. Education comes a poor second. Yeah, right. Calm down. Anyway, they were discussing sex. Our male founder remarked to his lady friend, in bed, just after they'd been enjoying each other, asking her why couldn't things be simplified? Why couldn't the girls admit they were just as horny as the men? And she said, we do, but you guys think we're sluts if we admit it. We enjoy sex just as much, or more, as you men do.

"It took a few more conversations before they came up with the idea of random pairing. Male A is linked with female J, male C with female A, and so on, for a night of sex. No strings, no recriminations. Next week, a different partner. Whether any of the couples got together at other times was up to them, but on a Friday night, with no classes on a Saturday, the men would link up with that Friday's woman, and both of them would know that the other expected sex.

"That first experiment, there were nine guys, and seven girls. Which meant that each of those men got to sleep with each of those girls at least four times during the college year. At the end of the year, five couples were in a permanent relationship, but they had kept their promises for the Fridays. The following year there were more guys, and more girls, and the tradition has continued.

"With the advances in medicine, and the contraceptive implant for both male and female at puberty, the conventional anxieties have gone, too. Which brings us to now. Here at Summer University we are now beginning a new scholastic year, so this year's cohort for Club Eros is being established. Gentlemen, there are thirty-three of you here, thirty-three who have expressed interest in taking part in this year's Club Eros. My contact amongst the ladies tells me that twenty-seven of them are attending the girls' briefing. Now, it's time for the rules. They're simple, but they're a contract of honour, and anyone breaking them will be declared a non-person. Believe me, you don't want that!

"After I've explained them, anyone who wishes can withdraw, no questions asked, no stigma, but those who stay and opt to take part are obliged to follow the code. In a moment, after I've explained the rules, those remaining will be given details of a web site. This is a private site, and only members of Club Eros are permitted. There is a nominal charge for everyone of fifty credits, for maintenance. When you access the web site, you will be asked to choose a name by which you will be known to the system. Only to the system, I emphasise, not to anyone else." Chelis looked around, spotted a raised hand. "Yes?"

"Known to those running the site, too, surely?"

"Good question, Andy, but no. The system is automatic. Any computing student who wants to verify that is welcome to check it, but it has worked, I'm told, for the past seven years without problems. Okay, to continue, you choose a name by which you will be known to the system. If any of you choose the same name, whoever was first gets it, and the system will ask the other to choose again. With me so far? Good.

"Okay, as soon as all of the names are on the system, they will be sorted, or perhaps that should be unsorted, into random order, and linked with the list of girls. The first name on the men's list will be linked with the first on the girls' list, the second with the second, and so on, and the names will advance one each week, until each of you guys has had every girl on the list once, then it repeats. Any questions? Yes, Adnan?"

The speaker was slight, dark. "Yeah. If there are say, thirty guys, but only twenty-six girls, what happens to the four guys drawn last?"

"They're celibate that week!" Chelis grinned, waiting for quiet. "No, you can relax, not quite that bad. The girls ask for volunteers from last year's group to make up the difference. You don't mind fucking an older woman, do you?"

"Shit, no!" said Adnan, grinning, as he sat.

"Any other questions?" said Chelis? "No? Okay, then, every guy has a girl, and none of those girls will be virgin, not technically, although they may lack experience. Like a lot of you, I suspect." Chelis waited until the laughter died down before continuing. "The next stage is an email contact, which will be sent to your personal comm unit. You will be given a girl's code name, and a location, and a time, which by agreement will be between twenty-hundred and twenty-two hundred. You will present yourself at that location at the specified time, and you and your girl will then have sex, because, remember, that is the primary function of Club Eros, bringing consensual partners together for sex without strings. Any other questions? Yes, Will?"

"What if we can't stand each other?"

Chelis laughed. "Tough. It happens, but it's rare. Remember you're both there for the same thing. We have aphrodisiac pills available, but experience tells us they're rarely needed, because both partners are usually horny as hell!" He looked around again. "Yes, Adolo?"

"Names? Real, or Club Eros?"

"Up to you and your partner. Inevitably, you will already, or will soon, know some of the girls from classes, or even from home. Remember, too, that we have some older students, and that includes among the women. Some of them join in. Three years ago, one of the most popular of the women was getting close to forty. She had experience, she had skill, and she loved young cock!" He waited again for the laughter to die down. "Any more questions? Yes, Zack?"

"Commitment? Do we have to see this thing through?"

"Yes, you do. Whatever other agreement you may come to with any particular girl, you turn up for your Friday meetings. The girls are making the same commitment. You only commit for this year. Second year and on, you make your own way, or form a private group of your own. Any more questions? No. Okay, anyone who wants out, go now."

Toby sat back, looking around, seeing only three or four making their way out. He smiled, wry, recognising one of them at least as a self-avowed gay. 'What the fuck was he here for anyway?' he wondered. The door closed behind the departees, and Peter Chelis did a quick head count.

"Okay, guys, there are twenty-nine of you left. On your way out, pick up an envelope from Dave at the door. It has web site details. Over the next week, log in, set up your account, and don't forget the address we send your contact data to. The system starts on the Friday of the following week. You can expect your contact details on the Wednesday. For now, guys, goodnight, and happy fucking!"

Toby stood, joined the queue and collected his envelope, making his way out into the cool night, breathing deeply of the scented air from the night-flowering Alvan plants. A hand touched his shoulder, and he turned. Jack. 

Jack grinned. "Coming for a beer?"

In his room, later, Toby opened his envelope, logged onto the website. Discreet, subdued, little evidence of what was behind it. A name? What to choose? He dithered for a while, rejecting things like 'stud' and 'dick-meister'. A grin crossed his face, and he typed in his choice. 'Optimist.' That was him, for sure. His comm beeped. Incoming email. Already? Ah. From Chelis.

'Chelis to Club Eros. All twenty-seven girls have opted in, and they have their two volunteers. We are go. Get your names chosen.' Well, he'd done that. See what next week brought.

*

It was on the Wednesday evening that he got the message. 'Club Eros to Optimist. Your first assignation is with Bookworm. K-27 is your location. Rendezvous 21:30.' K-27? Not far to go, then. K-27 was in the same block where he had his own rooms. Different floor, yes. Two days to wait. Better not jack off. At least, not on Friday.

K-27. An anonymous door, like most of the others in the campus accommodation. Even more so, no clue to the identity of the occupant on the door, as any identification there may have been had been removed from the holder. He took a deep breath, and knocked. The response was almost immediate.

"Who is it?"

"Optimist."

The door opened, but the light was dimmed and her head was down, and he couldn't see her face. She stood aside, gesturing to him to enter.

"You are Bookworm, I trust?"

The low chuckle pleased him. "If I'm not, one of us is in the wrong place." 

He looked at her, seeing a tall girl, slender, in a hooded bathrobe, the hood obscuring her face in the dimly-lit room.

"Do I call you Bookworm?" he said.

"I'm tempted to say yes, but Elaine is easier, or Ellie." 

He sensed humour in her voice. "Your preference?"

"Ellie, I think. It's a name I'm known by to my intimates, so it seems appropriate." Yes, definite dry humour in the voice. "You?"

"Call me anything you like, but Toby's easiest." He laughed. "It's my name, so I recognise it, and usually manage to answer to it."

There was a muffled snort, but her hands went up and pushed the hood back, and he saw Bookworm - Elaine - properly. Tawny hair, tied back, long. The hooked nose was probably too strong to call her pretty, but that, and the wide, generous mouth certainly made her striking. She held his gaze.

"Drink?"

He shook his head. "No, thank you."

"You sure? I'm going to have one, because I'm shit scared and convinced I shall make an idiot of myself."

"Why scared? I'm nice, honest. And you've already shown me that you have a sense of humour, which, believe me, is damned useful where sex is concerned."

"Scared, because although I'm technically not a virgin, you'll be the first actual man I've had."

"Ah, I see." He gestured. "If you're definitely having a drink, I'd be delighted to join you, but you don't need to be scared. I know we're both here because we want to have sex, but if I'm going to be your first, please, rest assured there will be no force involved." He laughed, wry. "Not on my part, at least."

Another snort of humour reassured him. "A small glass of wine, then? Just to toast each other?"

"That would be pleasant." An idea struck him. "While we're drinking it, why don't we undress, and lie on the bed. Just chat, get to know each other a little. After all, we're both here for the same thing, but I think sex with an absolute total stranger is a little unnerving."

"For you, too?" Definite curiosity in her tone.

"Yes, of course, for me, too. I suspect I'm coming across as confident, but Ellie, inside I'm nervous as hell. You're not my first, but I haven't made love to many women."

"You're trying to relax me, aren't you?"

"Of course I am! I want a relaxed, willing woman as my partner, not a stiff phobic."

She giggled. "Well, I definitely want something stiff from you." She reached out and squeezed his fingers. "I'll get the wine, then we'll do as you suggest, get naked, and get to know each other."

She was back in moments, two glasses of red wine in her hands. She passed him one. "It's a Merlot. If you don't like it, it's all I have, I'm afraid."

"Merlot is fine. One of my favourites, in fact."

"Mine too." She moved away, placing her glass on a bedside cabinet. She gestured. "You use that one."

He put the glass of wine on the cabinet, then sat on the edge of the bed and removed his shoes and socks. He didn't turn around when he heard her breath hiss in as he let his trousers fall, kicking them clear, then stripping his t-shirt off over his head. He was only wearing undershorts now, tented by his half-hard erection. He paused, smiling as he heard the soft voice behind him.

"Take them off, and then let me see you."

He grinned, bending to skin his undershorts down and off, then took a deep breath and turned to face her, a gasp escaping him as he saw her, for while he had been undressing she had let the robe slip from her and was as naked as he. There was a long moment of exquisite tension as they gazed at each other, before a smile quirked her mouth and they both laughed.

"Ellie, you are beautiful. Truly."

She laughed. "Not with this nose, Toby, you liar."

He shook his head. "Not so. I think you are beautiful." He held his hand up as she made to speak. "If you won't accept that, think of yourself as striking."

She shook her head, a wry look on her face. "I can live with 'striking', but not beautiful."

"I think different, but okay." He reached to his glass and lifted it in toast to her. "To us, and a successfully sexy night."

"I'll drink to that," she said, and raised her own glass, taking a sip. She gestured towards the bed. "Shall we?"

By unspoken agreement, they both hitched up on the bed to put their backs against the headboard. Toby re-ran the vision of her in his mind's eye. The tawny hair, untied now, loose about her shoulders, the breasts full, erect nipples, slim waist, a woman's hips, not slim and boyish like some of the girls, and long, long legs. Pubic mound shaved clear, her cleft clearly visible, a tantalising shadow leading to the promised land.

They each took a sip from their glass, and there was a quiet moment until she spoke.

"Toby?"

"Yes?"

"Why did you sign up to this? Be honest, please. If it was just for a regular supply of pussy, say so!"

He grinned at her, and laughed. "That's part of it, of course it is, and I'd be a liar if I said otherwise. Why? I guess because I wanted experience before I settle into a steady relationship. I want to know how to please a woman, how to make her feel good, at the same time she gives me pleasure. I wanted to learn the differences between you all, and the similarities. What makes you, Ellie, different to other girls, and why that difference should be. What turns you on, what turns you off." He looked across at her to find her watching him. "What about you, Ellie? Why did you join in?"

There was a pause before she answered. "I'm not sure. I think some of my reasons are similar to yours, but you said you already have some experience. I have virtually none, and I think I need some before I ever think about settling down. Out there," she gestured, "in that land beyond the campus, if I was sleeping with a different guy every Friday the gossips would have a field day, and I'd be shunned. Sad, but true, society's double standards. Here? Well, some of the girls, even some of the guys, are going to look sideways at me, but there are twenty-eight other girls here in the same position as me, so we can join forces and say, 'up yours, sweetheart!'"

Toby laughed, and raised his glass. "Up yours, sweetheart!"

Ellie smiled, and raised her own glass. "To a successful, and mutually enjoyable, Friday night fuck!"

"Absolutely!" He drained his glass.

"More?"

He shook his head. "Thank you, but no. That was enough to stimulate. More, and I might deteriorate."

She drained her own glass, put it aside, and turned to him, her previous poise deserting her. "Now?" she said, her voice almost timid.

"I think so, don't you?"

She shrugged, and he fought a grin at the delightful quiver of her breasts, but she caught his eye, glanced down at herself, and gave him a shy smile. "I guess so," she said.

"Hitch yourself down, let's get to know each other."

"On my back?"

"For the moment, yes, please. I'd like to touch you."

"I think I'd like that," she murmured, smiling up at him as she lay herself flat on the bed.

He was propped up on his left elbow as he lay beside her, and he reached out and just lay his hand on her belly, feeling a quiver deep inside her at his touch.

"It feels hot," she said.

"My hand?"

"Of course, your hand. You're touching me with something else, maybe?" she said, fighting a giggle.

"Not yet, but soon," he said, holding her eyes, seeing the want within her, the readiness. Yes, and the doubt. "Try to relax," he said, letting his hand begin to move, stroking softly over her skin, letting his hand slide across her softness, moving gradually up, to cup her breast, letting his thumb rub across the hard nub of her nipple, hearing her breath hiss in as she felt the touch.

"Is that nice?"

She smiled. "Yes, it is. I mean, it's not the first time I've had my breasts touched by a guy, but it is the first time when I know it's going to end with fucking, and, I don't know, maybe that extra little zing, knowing how it will end." She smiled again. "You have a nice touch, Toby."

"Thanks, Ellie. You're very nice to touch; soft and warm, really pleasant."

She lifted his hand from her breast, and kissed his palm, then pushed his hand down, over her belly, towards her cleft. Holding his eyes, she said, "I want more."

"In a moment. I want to kiss you."

"So kiss me," she said, leaning towards him as he bent to kiss her. Her lips were warm, and he enjoyed for a moment just the touch of a woman's lips against his. When was the last time? Ah, yes, when his Mom had kissed him goodbye at the airport. That one didn't count. Before that? Jackie, when she ever so gently but inevitably gave him the heave? Yes, Jackie. But that was then, Ellie was now.

His hand was resting on her belly, and he brought it up to cup her breast again as he let his tongue slip out to play along her lips, feeling them part to welcome it, feeling her respond to his kiss, so that he could feel her want, and her welcome, feeling the heat rising in them, until she broke the kiss with a gasp, staring at him, a smile starting in her eyes and spreading to her whole face. 

She stretched up and kissed his nose. "I thought I was wet and ready before," she murmured. "I think I'm wetter still, now."

"Let's find out," he said, and let his hand slide down over her belly to her mound, feeling her legs move apart to welcome him, seeing the startled realization at what she had done on her face. He let his middle finger slide down her cleft, feeling the wetness there, the heat of her, letting his finger move into her, adding a second finger, sliding them into her heat and wetness.
