 Team 1 had just finished another gas-fueled lesbian orgy when The Commander's voice came over the intercom. "Team 2 is up by 500 points," he said.

"Hmm," Shannon said. "They must have finally lost a fight."

"No way! You really think so?" Summer said.

"Hey!" Priscilla snapped. "I'm all for sarcasm, but that was just mean."

"Sorry," Summer said. "I'm just a little weirded out by all this."

"We all are," Leigh Ann said. "Think about how Katie must feel."

Summer looked over at the busty brunette, who up until about an hour ago had been a virgin. "How are you holding up?" she asked.

"I'm fine," Katie assured her. "It doesn't even hurt anymore." There had, at first, been some residual pain from her first penetration.

"So, what next?" Shannon asked.

"We wait until we're attacked again, I guess," Summer said.

Danielle slapped a control panel on the wall, and the doors next to it whooshed open. "Fuck that," she said. "We attack them, not the other way around. It's time to fight our way off this station."

"Now you're talkin' my language," Leigh Ann said. She followed Danielle into the room on the other side of the door... as their teammates joined them inside the room, the door whooshed shut behind them and clicked audibly as it locked.

Brandi turned and looked, but there was no control panel on this side of the wall. The girls were trapped. "Shit," she said.

The first thing Angela noticed was the women working in the room. The second thing she noticed was her cock responding to them.

They were wearing white teddies with the cups cut out so their breasts hung free, and a similar cutout at the crotch to expose their uniformly hairless pussies. In back, the outfits were G-strings, exposing both ass cheeks in their entirety. There were red crosses emblazoned on the midsection of each of these uniforms, and the 'nurses' wore sheer white stockings with red bows at their tops and white heels to complete their uniforms. Many of them had dried or drying cum on their faces and tits, and a few had red, handprint-shaped marks on their bare ass cheeks.

A trio of dickgirl nurses -- a blond, a brunette and a redhead -- were supervising the other nurses as they bustled from one bed to another, stroking or sucking the cocks of the dickgirls who sat there waiting patiently to be serviced. The nurses would always, when their patients finished climaxing, get as much of the cum as they could into specimen jars.

Some of the dickgirls noticed the new arrivals after being serviced, and started to reach for their weapons. Priscilla, Leigh Ann, Danielle and Brandi immediately shot them, and then Angela turned her gun on the dickgirl nurses. "Nobody try anything," she said.

The nurses, even the dickgirl ones, put their hands up agreeably. Angela got an idea. She singled out a particular hot nurse with big 36E breasts and long shiny black hair, and had her lie down on the floor and spread her legs. While her teammates held their guns on the other nurses and their patients, Angela fucked the busty raven-haired nurse, filling her pussy to overflowing with cum. The nurse moaned and bucked her hips as she experienced an orgasm of her own, and as Angela was dismounting she pulled her back down, gave her a passionate kiss and told her, "Thank you."

Angela smiled, then motioned a cute, young-looking blond nurse over. "Lick her clean," she instructed.

The blond buried her face in the brunette's pussy with surprising enthusiasm, tongue-fucking her passionately as she got every last drop on Angela's cum out of her coworker's sweet cunt. She seemed to savor the taste, and even went back in for more after it was abundantly clear the brunette was clean.

"I could do with some of that," Priscilla said, pointing with her gun at the redhaired dickgirl nurse. "You, get down here and eat me out."

Priscilla rode the redhead's face to multiple orgasms, then said, "How did those nurses get the handprints on their asses?"

"We spank them if they don't get enough semen in the specimen jar," the dickgirl said.

"Who was the last girl you spanked?"

The dickgirl pointed to an Asian woman with surprisingly big 34D tits. Priscilla motioned the Asian over with her gun, then bent the redhaired dickgirl over a bed and told the Asian nurse, "Spank her."

While the redhead took her spanking, other dickgirls -- the two remaining dickgirl nurses and a few of the patients -- went down on Leigh Ann, Danielle, Priscilla, Summer, Katie, Shannon and Brandi with varying degrees of eagerness, while the cute young blond nurse sucked on Angela's cock.

Eventually, after covering the blond dickgirl nurse's face in pussy juice, Priscilla called for a change of partners. Once every dickgirl had serviced every member of Team 1 and every non-dickgirl nurse at least once, the orgy ended and the girls from Team 1 left the room via the control panel on the opposite wall from the one they had entered through.

"Teams are tied with 500 points each," The Commander's voice informed them over the intercom.

The corridor they stepped into looked just like every other Sex Star corridor. "Which way?" Katie asked.

After a moment's deliberation, the girls decided to turn right... it would take them further away from the areas they had already explored, allowing them to maybe find something useful.

Along the way, they discussed what they had witnessed in the room with the nurses.

"I worked medical records at a fertility clinic when I was a senior in high school," Summer said. "From what I remember of the lab... well, what we just saw is basically the porno version of sample collection. I think they're creating test tube babies." 

"Why? I mean, if they can just breed victims then why abduct women?" Brandi pointed out.

"Well, think about it," Summer said. "I mean, sure, none of us are pregnant yet as far as I know, but we've been having lots of unprotected sex. If an accidental pregnancy did occur, and it turned out the dickgirl was fucking her own kid..."

"Okay, I get it," Brandi said. "And... um... ew."

The girls reached the end of the corridor, and another control panel. They opened it, and the door opened. Once again, it locked behind them after they were all through.

Brandi was the first to notice the change in the Sex Star's floor surface... instead of hard, cold starship decking, her bare feet were now touching warm, moist, springy moss-covered earth. As the girls looked around, they saw a vast forest, stretching as far as the eye could see, spread out before them.

"How big is this station exactly?" Leigh Ann asked.

"Good question," Summer said. "This is the biggest fucking greenhouse I've ever seen."

"You don't think there are... things living in here, do you?" Shannon asked worriedly.

As if in answer, something in the forest screeched loudly. A menacing roar answered it.

"We are so fucked," Brandi said.