 Danielle looked around the arena much more thoroughly than the other girls -- thoroughly enough to catch Lorraine doing the same thing as her, and Lena seeking out possible exits -- in order to get a threat assessment. She gave up counting the dickgirls after the first thousand, which only took up one section of the stands. Considering that at least some of the dickgirls would have to still be on duty in order to keep the station running -- a skeleton crew of between 200 and 500 workers, depending on the actual size of the station -- that put the enemy's strength at at least 50,000 by her estimation.

And that was assuming this was all of the enemy's strength... it could be there were enough dickgirls to put this many in the stands and still have a full crew's worth left over to run the station normally without resorting to a skeleton crew. That would raise her estimate by at least half.

She whistled as she realized this, and Priscilla turned to look at her. "What?" she said.

"There's a lot more of them than I thought there were," Danielle replied.

The Commander -- at least the girls assumed this was him, he was the only full-fledged male in the room -- stood. "You're probably wondering as to the reason you've been brought here," he stated in the familiar voice they had heard on the intercom, turning toward Summer and winking at her.

"Kiss my ass," Summer muttered under her breath.

"This challenge will determine which team has to vote off a member. Each team will do battle with creatures from my menagerie, which will become increasingly difficult to defeat as the challenge goes on. Each creature you defeat will earn your team 200 points; however, each girl that gets fucked by one of the creatures is not allowed to proceed to the next level of the challenge and will lose her team 100 points. The last team to have at least one member remaining in the challenge will be the winner by default, but for our entertainment will have to complete the challenge until all members of both teams have been fucked. Your team will earn 1,000 points for winning the challenge."

Lena whistled, surprised at the amount of points at stake. The other girls -- including those on Team 1 -- looked at each other, silently sharing her sentiment.

There was a portcullis in front of each team of girls. Now, those gates rumbled open, letting whatever might be beyond them out.

As it turned out, dryads were first. The dickgirls in the stands cheered or yelled obscenities at the green-skinned women as they started moving toward the girls and trying to work fingers inside their pussies or assholes. Team 1 finished the dryads off without being touched, but Team 2 lost Stacey when a dryad managed to get two fingers inside her cunt.

As it turned out, girls who lost the challenge were transferred to the stands. Stacey spent the rest of the challenge being molested by thousands of dickgirls.

The pink things that lived in the greenhouse with the dryads were next. They moved faster than they had in the greenhouse, compensating for the lack of aphrodisiacs in use with speed and agility. Kim, Shannon and Katie all got fucked, making the teams even again.

Another type of female monster was next. These had wings on their backs, and took to the skies to evade incoming fire from the girls before diving back down to attack. Lena scaled a pillar and fired at them from the top of it each time they went airborne, causing Team 2 to only lose Tina... Team 1 had lost Summer and Angela, who had been the victim of one of the creatures sitting on her cock and making the dickgirl fuck her pussy.

Whatever came next, the girls couldn't see them. Lorraine could see them leaving footprints that looked human enough on the earthen floor of the arena, but they were completely invisible to the naked eye.

Lorraine tossed her gun aside and adopted a fighting stance. As one pair of footprints got close, she lashed out with a foot and connected with something solid. A human-sounding voice cried out in pain, and suddenly the recipient of the kick became visible.

It was a dickgirl, but not like the others... somehow, she was just off. And it wasn't because Lorraine's foot had connected solidly enough with the side of her knee that her leg was now bent at an angle it was never meant to take, either.

Lorraine didn't have any time to dwell on it, though... one of the things was fucking Vicky, and another was on its way toward her. She whipped her arm out, catching the second attacker in the throat with the flat of her hand... her windpipe gave way with a wet pop, and she fell to the ground, struggling unsuccessfully for breath as she slowly asphyxiated.

Team 1 had managed to bring down all of the invisible dickgirls that attacked them, thanks to the sharp eyesight of Leigh Ann and Danielle (who had spotted the footprints and started firing quickly enough to take down their owners before they were in attack range)... one of the enemies had gotten her hands on Brandi's tits, but hadn't been able to penetrate her before being shot.

Lorraine snapped the neck of the dickgirl fucking Vicky, but it was too late... both Vicky and Joy, who had taken a dick in her ass before Lena -- who was still on top of the pillar, and now acting as the team's sniper -- could shoot her assailant, were out of the challenge.

Huge, multitentacled creatures emerged from the gates next. Each team only had to face one, but one of these things was like a dozen normal opponents; within moments Priscilla and Brandi had been eliminated from Team 1, and Erin and Lena (who was yanked off the pillar by one of the tentacles, then fucked in the pussy and ass simultaneously) had been eliminated from Team 2.

Leigh Ann and Danielle linked their fire, trying to subdue the creature with their guns, but it was apparently able to withstand more damage than the other creatures aboard the Sex Star... cum would spurt from its cocks every time it was hit, but it refused to go down.

Lorraine did the same thing over on her side, but once she realized the futility of ranged attacks she nimbly dodged the tentacles and moved in close, bashing the creature's body with the butt of her gun and launching kicks that would be devastating to a human, but simply glanced off this thing's thicker skin.

Back on Team 1's side, the creature yanked Danielle's gun out of her hands and cast it aside, even while other tentacles wrapped around her, binding her arms and legs while pulling her forward by the waist. Her mouth was forced down onto a cock, and the next time Leigh Ann shot the monster cum poured down her throat.

Around the same time, a tentacle found Lorraine's feet and pulled them out from under her, slamming her to the ground. Before she could recover, the monster was already fucking her pussy. As she screamed in frustration at having lost the challenge, another cock was forced into her mouth.

True to his word, The Commander made Leigh Ann keep on fighting the seemingly unbeatable tentacle monster until it defeated and fucked her. Then he finished fucking Summer's pussy, congratulated Team 1 on their victory, and used whatever teleportation technology had brought them there in the first place to send them away.

Team 2 also unexpectedly found themselves in another location. They recognized the greenhouse all around them, but were in an unfamiliar area of it... a tall wooden structure supported by strong-looking pillars, sort of a cross between a crow's nest and a gazebo, which several of the girls immediately recognized as being at least somewhat modeled after the location where tribal councils were held on Survivor.

The Commander stood before them. Lorraine immediately threw herself at him, but passed right through him without causing any damage. Landing on her side behind him, she suddenly grabbed her crotch and screamed.

"I am only a hologram, but if anybody else wants to be a dickgirl like Lorraine here then they should still feel free to attack me," he informed the others, while behind him Lorraine's transformation continued, her cries turning from pain to pleasure as the cock between her hands grew and started leaking precum. She groaned as she involuntarily started to stroke it, and in a few seconds she had shot her first load of cum.

"Now, on to the voting," he said, ignoring Lorraine completely. "We don't bother with secret ballots here... everyone votes orally. Who wants to go first?"

Vicky stepped forward. "Joy," she said. Kim, Lena, Erin and Lorraine seconded the vote for Joy, while Joy and Tina stepped forward and voted for Vicky.

Finally, Stacey cast her vote. "Vicky," she said. The redhead glared at her, making up her mind that Stacey would pay for this betrayal; from behind her glasses, Stacey glared right back.

A squad of armed dickgirls appeared in the empty space in front of the girls. There were easily three dozen of them, and the girls knew their chances were hopeless in a battle here. The Commander gestured to Joy. "Take her away," he instructed. "She is to be prepped for slave training." The guards complied, and vanished back wherever they had come from, taking Joy with them.

The gazebo-thing lowered itself to the ground on some sort of hydraulics system, and The Commander gestured out into the greenhouse. "Round 2 starts now," he said. "I would suggest you find your way out of here quickly." Then the hologram winked out of existence, and the gazebo started heading back up above the canopy, leaving the girls stuck on the greenhouse floor.