 The events of this story follow directly the ones described in "Ball at Laerinia's court". Some characters were also introduced there. To get know them better, please read that story first.

I love reading your comments, so feel welcome to write them. Constructive criticism is even more welcome, than praises.

*****

The combined parties of Calindra's wedding and summer solstice holiday lasted for two more days, with Ephra and Sandalphon, a pair of angels, now being new guests. 

When the ball eventually ended most participants headed for home. But not all of them. The elven family, Thessalia and Aquilan and their daughter Ellaria decided to visit the nearest city. Laerinia together with Ephra, Issyria and Issaria would continue the quest for peace between Sune and Sharess. Valora would stay at sorceress' court and teach Calindra the ways of Sune. The young drow wanted to become the priestess of the goddess of love.

With Laerinia's departure, Aeriella became the mistress of the court. Sandalphon was a magnificent lover, but did not help much in running the estate, nor ruling the land. Although, he improved the morale of female staff significantly, because the elf was not the only woman he made love to. With his seemingly inexhaustible stamina he could satisfy numerous females every day.

Aeriella had a more serious task to cope with, though. Bad news have arrived. They were carried by Karl Becker, a young noble. He was a fourth son of Wolfgang and as such had no real chance of inheriting power. But he had enough money to wander throughout the realm and entertain himself however he pleased. And he sometimes worked as an agent for those in power. 

Karl was a young, handsome man. Tall, slim, with a slightly boyish charm and an easy-going character. It was no wonder he was very popular with ladies of all social classes.

This time he brought information about deeds in the lands of Simon von Altenburg, Laerinia's vassal. His domain bordered lands inhabited by a friendly tribe of orcs.

- It's a real pleasure to meet You, Lady. I wish the news, I'm bringing, were as good as the sight of Your beautiful person.

- Thank you, Karl. You're a real sweetheart. Let's sit by a glass of wine and you can tell me, what happened. Unless, it's very urgent and can't wait, until you've rinsed your throat?

It wasn't. Aeriella lead her guest to the garden, making sure to sway her hips for Karl to admire. Her outfit did not leave too much to the imagination. Sandalphon turned out to be a huge fan of bodystockings, so the elf wore them whenever she could. The one she currently wore was black with an intricate floral pattern on its whole surface. Underneath the sorceress had only a thong, so her breasts were partially visible. No wonder Karl was so pleased to see her. All the way they walked, he kept his eyes on Aeriella's buttocks, occasionally glancing up and down her long legs, enhanced by a pair of five inch heels.

They sat down in two straw chairs opposite each other. A servant brought two glasses of wine and placed them on a nearby table. Aeriella sat back, crossed her legs and took a small sip. She was never much of a drinker and now, with a child on the way, she limited the alcohol even more.

- What's your story, Karl? 

While the young nobleman was telling the story, he eyed the elf's body shamelessly, encouraged by her clear approval of such behaviour. 

The matter could sound trivial at first. Cattle was being stolen from peasants in the lands of Simon von Altenburg. But this simple issue could have serious implications.

The count supposedly had made an investigation and found out, who the thieves were. He claimed that it was the neighbouring tribe of orcs. If that accusation was true, it could mean grave problems.

Most orcish tribes were, more or less, hostile towards the humans, elves and, most of all, dwarves. But this one was not. Years back Laerinia had made a pact with the tribe's chieftain - Gorlag. The drow offered the orcs land in exchange for protection of that border. The peace lasted undisturbed, even when Gorlag was replaced as the chieftain by his son Yerug.

Stealing cattle was not a declaration of war, by any means, but was an accident serious enough to spoil the relations. An intervention was due to sort things out between the vassals.

- I don't know whether it's serious or not - Aeriella did not want Karl to know the true weight of the problem - but it sure is strange and needs to be checked. I'm grateful you brought us the information. I'll inquire the problem myself. But I'll do that later. Right now, I have to thank you somehow for bringing that important matter to us. Is there anything you'd want in particular?

- Yes, you - Karl was also known for being straightforward.

Few weeks ago, before the wedding party with Valora, the priestess of Sune and the descent of two angles, Aeriella would not necessarily be so sure to agree to that request. But right now, she could not just end it all at teasing. Otherwise, she would not be greeting guests wearing a bodystocking.

The elf said nothing, but instead uncrossed and spread her legs. The bodystocking was not the enchanted catsuit she had lost to Tanariehl the incubus, but still responded to one simple spell. The sorceress said one word, put a finger to her crotch and an opening appeared. Only a thin layer of thong's fabric was separating her love hole from the rest of the world.

Karl did not need another prompt. In an instant he was kneeling between Aeriella's legs. He pushed the thong to the side and started licking elf's clitoris. Despite his young age he was quite experienced and proficient in the art of oral lovemaking. Soon the sorceress was moaning quietly. 

Aeriella's moans grew louder, when Karl's tongue was joined by two of his fingers. With the young nobleman's skill, fifteen minutes of cunnilingus enhanced by fingering were enough to bring the elf to a climax. She cried aloud for all those present in the garden to hear and clenched her vaginal muscles around Karl's fingers as her body trembled gently with the orgasm.

But that was just an opening move of the lovemaking. Showing experience and tenderness Karl did not present his penis right away. Instead he let Aeriella rest, while he worshipped her bodystocking covered legs.

Since the nobleman was already at elf's crotch, he proceeded with kissing one of her inner thighs. He planted a gentle kiss on the thin fabric of the bodystocking, then licked an inch to the right and planted another kiss there. He repeated the pattern until he reached the knee. Karl then returned to the crotch and once more kissed his way to the knee, this time two inches higher on the thigh.

After two kissing-licking lanes on the thigh, came the time for the calf and foot. There the nobleman worshipped only one track, but stayed longer to suck on elf's toes.

When Karl was done worshipping Aeriella's left leg, the elf was already eager for lovemaking. But there was still the right leg to be worshipped. As much as the man loved sex, he found equal pleasure in teasing his horny lovers.

By the time Karl finished sucking the toes of Aeriella's right leg, the elf was steaming with lust and practically begging with her body language to be filled by his penis. The nobleman was more than happy to oblige.

He quickly undid his pants and took out his member, which was already fully erect. It was mediocre in length, but uncommonly thick. But most importantly of all, the man knew perfectly well, hot to use it.

Karl took the sorceress from her chair and laid her on the ground. She eagerly spread her legs for him. In a smooth motion Karl slid his penis into Aeriella's soaking vagina. That made the elf produce an excited moan. It was quieter, than all the moans, that were still to come.

The nobleman gradually picked his tempo, shoving his member to the base with each push. He made sure to rub all the most sensitive spots inside Aeriella the whole time.

One could imagine that at such a young age and after so arousing foreplay, Karl would ejaculate within minutes. But the nobleman had both the stamina and the willpower, and he never reached a climax, before his lovers did. So he kept making passionate love with Aeriella. Their breaths getting heavier and their moans growing louder.

It took another fifteen minutes for the elf to reach her orgasm. Its intensity and the strength of the clench of sorceress' vaginal muscles were more than enough for Karl to climax as well. He shot his load deep inside Aeriella's womb and did not stop shoving his penis until the last drop was out.

The lovers kissed caressed for some time, while resting and calming their breaths.

- I wish all the hostesses would welcome their guests like that - said Karl, still lying on the grass next to the elf.

- I bet all of YOUR hostesses welcome you like that.

- Actually, yes, they do. But neither of them is so good of a lover. Nor their beauty matches yours.

- Thank you. Though, I know, that you say that to all the girls - Aeriella replied with a laugh.

- But this time I mean it.

- I know, because I AM the best lover - the elf laughed again.

She rose to her elbows and moved over Karl.

- Let me prove my superiority by preparing you to another round.

With these words Aeriella took Karl's now soft penis into her mouth. First she kissed its head, then licked it gently with her skillful tongue. When she took the thick member into her mouth, she made sure to give it enough pressure with her lips. Once inside, the elf again put her tongue to use. Only when Karl's penis hardened a bit, she began to move her head back and forth, each time taking the whole length into her throat effortlessly.

If the nobleman had not ejaculated only recently, the masterful fellatio would have soon brought him to an orgasm. But its sole purpose was to make him ready for another session of lovemaking.

When Aeriella decided that her lover was hard enough, she changed position, but remained on top. This time she would be riding him. The elf placed her knees on either side of Karl's hips and guided his penis into her vagina, as she lowered her body.

The second round was as passionate as the first one. Their orgasms were equally intense and loud. The lovers once again rested actively, kissing and caressing.

Aeriella and Karl would gladly make love throughout the whole day. But the nobleman came with a bad news and the sorceress had to act and solve the problem.

The elf gave commands to prepare for a trip to Simon von Altenburg's lands on the next day. Three of the drow, all but Tanzerin, would go with her. They would serve as coachmen, scouts, guards and, last but not least, lovers.

For the trip Aeriella dressed in a more practical outfit, but one that still made her look attractive. She wore a short, tight, golden tunic, that nicely accentuated her curves, light brown leggings and leather boots on thick, four-inch heels.

The voyage to Simon von Altenburg lasted five days. Needless to say, the four travellers had sex each evening.

Although, last night of the travel was different and something important happened.

The tavern was pretty much the same as all the others and it was filled mostly with men, which was no surprise. By sheer accident Aeriella overheard a conversation from a nearby table. She could have easily ignored it as just another drunkard's story, but her keen elven ears caught something interesting.

The man was talking about a job, he had had. It was not exactly legal and performed in the same location the elves were heading to. The sorceress had to find out more details about this "job". Of course, a simple interrogation was out of question. Even a drunkard would be cautious enough, not to spill out too much, when asked by a stranger. But Aeriella had an idea.

The man talked not only about his recent employment, but also about all the women, he had had sex with. The elf decided to check, if that was just an empty facade.

Her leggings and high heeled boots accentuated her long legs nicely and her tight tunic showed off her curves. She undid two buttons at the top, to give a good view of her cleavage. The drow would remain as spectators and intervene only, if there was a risk of violence.

The man was huge, about six feet, five inches tall and had large muscles. Aeriella joked in her head, that he could have stolen the cattle just by carrying it on his back.

His bragging was true at one point - he was far from being shy. When he spotted elf's full buttocks, he came by and slapped them with one of his big palms. The sorceress jumped with feigned surprise, but instead of protesting, she just giggled.

- Having such a hot butt and showing it off should be a crime - that pick up line could compete for the title of the worst one.

Aeriella could not think of a response dumb enough, so she just giggled once again. That seemed to satisfy the man, as his hand stayed on her buttocks and groped them.

- My name's Rob, what's yours, sweetie?

- Aerie - drunk as he was, he still could have recognized her full name.

- So Eerie - he mispronounces it, but somehow made it sound almost cute - how about I punish you for your sexy crime in a more private place?

Giggling worked twice, so the sorceress tried it for the third time. She succeeded again.

The more private place was, of course, a room on the upper floor. Rob was groping Aeriella's body all the way up and though he was not gentle, the elf could not say, it was completely unpleasant. She somehow enjoyed his rough manliness.

Rob began undressing the sorceress even before the door shut behind them. The elf did not want to remain in his debt and helped him to get naked as well. That Rob's body was muscular could have been seen even with his clothes on, but another point from his bragging turned out to be true - the man had a large penis.

- Like what you see, Eerie? It'll be all yours soon.

As he said the words, he grabbed elf's full breasts and groped them, just like he did earlier with her buttocks. Rob soon moved his palms back to Aeriella's buttocks, but this time used them to pull her closer to him. The man planted a kiss on elf's lips. His breath smelled of alcohol, but it did not stink, which was an important difference. Rob must have kissed numerous women before and knew, how to do that. Aeriella was beginning to enjoy her little "investigation".

The kiss eventually ended and Aeriella used the time, Rob needed to catch his breath, to slip out of his embrace and kneel before him. She wanted to perform fellatio mostly to make sure the man's penis was sufficiently wet. The elf was not worried about her love hole. She always got wet quickly and in an emergency it did not occur, she always had a simple "moistening" spell.

In Aeriella's skillful mouth Rob's penis got hard almost in an instant. She could now admire its full size. It was easily ten inches long and two inches thick. The admiring did not take too long, though. The man raised the elf from her knees and surprisingly gently pushed her on the bed. The sorceress spread her legs invitingly and Rob was on her in a blink of an eye. He laid between elf's long legs and shoved his large, hard penis into her vagina.

Aeriella was pleasantly surprised one more time. From a bragging drunkard she had expected at best two minutes of animalistic mating. While Rob was not an expert at lovemaking, who took great care of his partner's needs, he had three important features - experience, size and stamina. His shoves were hard and deep, and soon the sorceress was moaning loudly enough for the people in neighbouring rooms to hear.

It took Rob about twenty minutes to bring the elf to an orgasm. Aeriella cried aloud, this time the whole floor must have heard her. She clenched her vaginal muscles tightly, which brought her lover to his own climax. The man ejaculated deep into Aeriella's womb.

The orgasm that the sorceress had was a really pleasurable one, but that did not distract her from the task at hand. She predicted Rob would try to go to sleep now and she was right. The man slid out his penis, got off the elf and wanted to lay on his side and fall asleep. That was the moment, when he was the most vulnerable. 

Aeriella used the sexiest of her voices and just talked to Rob. The hypnotic techniques she learnt as an apprentice could finally be of use. It was almost too easy, to get all the information from the man in his current state. He was hypnotized almost instantly and answered all of Aeriella's questions. After that, the elf let him fall asleep. But she was not going to just abandon him upon learning, what he took part in.

Rob was a thief, for that there was no doubt. He and few of his accomplices stole the cattle, that was the source of all commotion. The man did not mention Simon von Altenburg. The nobleman was too smart to hire crooks personally, but Aeriella had no doubt, that he was guilty. But a testimony of a thief was not enough, she needed proof.

Rob woke up naked in his bed. He was eagle spread, with his limbs tied to the posts. The sorceress, also nude, was kneeling over him riding his penis. 

- Hello sweetie, slept well? - she teased him.

- What are you...? Let me go, you crazy bitch!

- Watch your language. My name is Aeriella and I serve lady Laerinia - she let the names sink in and then added - you are under arrest for theft. I sent a note to my men, but it'll take them some time, to get here. The tavern keeper will guard you for that period.

She let him digest all the sudden news, riding him the whole time.

- If you behave well and do not resist, I will let you orgasm, when we meet again.

Having said that, the elf dismounted the man and left him erect and frustrated.

Aeriella did not change her clothes to meet with the peasants, She went to speak with the head of the village, whose name was Hans, straight from the road. 

The sorceress and her drow companions were greeted with hospitality and offered fresh food. During the meal they talked.

Hans confirmed the information about the missing cattle, but said nothing about any orcs. When asked about it, he responded that none of the villagers had seen them. Count's scouts came and checked the surroundings. They claimed to have found the tracks of orcs.

The elf knew, that the passage of time and the activity of peasants might have obscured the tracks. But the drow would re-check it nevertheless. 

For the visit at von Altenburg's manor Aeriella put on an elegant dress. It was red, ankle long and tight. Elf's shoulders were bare and there was a deep cleavage giving a nice view of her full breasts. The dress also had a slit on the side, that went up almost to the hip. It was wide enough to give the wearer an opportunity, to expose her whole leg, if she so chose to. The sorceress wore a pair of five inch, strappy sandals in a matching colour and sheer, black pantyhose. She also had few items of jewellery, nothing too sparkly, just a modest decoration for a high class lady.

Apart from the outfit Aeriella also prepared a plausible lie for the unexpected visit. Nothing fancy, as she did not plan to use it too extensively. 

Only Altonven, as a driver, accompanied Aeriella.

- We should act, like you're just my servant - she said to the drow.

- I won't have to act.

- You'll fail the role, if you keep talking back.

- I apologize, my Lady.

- That's better.

Simon von Altenburg was not exactly handsome. Moderately tall, but quite skinny, with a slightly effeminate face, but confident walk and deep, rich voice. 

- Greetings, Lady Aeriella. Welcome to my humble thresholds. What do I owe this pleasure?

- I met with a trader to buy some ingredients. Then, since I was nearby, I decided to pay you a short visit. We don't meet too often, do we?
