 Melissa looked around again. Her cheerleading teammates were all here, except Brandi. Kayla, the salesgirl from the department store, was here as well. So were Detectives Fuller and Colon.

She knew for a fact that Kayla and the cheerleaders had not had dicks before today.

Some of the dickgirls were stroking their cocks over Lynn and the others while they were restrained and helpless, and occasionally one of them would moan or scream and launch a load of cum into their target's face or cleavage.

Jenny, Catherine and Stephanie were rock-hard in spite of themselves, turned on against their will by the proceedings. Kayla didn't help this predicament when she started sucking Stephanie's cock. She reached up and took the other two dickgirls in her hands, stroking them while she deepthroated Stephanie.

The three dickgirl captives came at almost the same time, showering Kayla from both sides while also giving her a huge mouthful to swallow. She drank greedily from Stephanie's massive member, only getting a little bit of the spunk on her face and chest while most of it went right down her throat.

"Now, hopefully you're more inclined to cooperate with us after that," the Russian dickgirl who appeared to be in charge said. "Where did your friend Janet go?"

"If she doesn't want to be found, you'll never find her," Jenny said, her lip curling upward slightly in a contemptuous sneer.

Gerda's eyes passed over the other girls... Catherine ignored her, fixated on one of the other dickgirls. She was staring so hard at the ebony beauty -- Sheralyn from the cheerleading squad, Melissa realized -- that it appeared she was trying to melt her with her gaze. For her part, Sheralyn had a dazed look on her face and was holding her gun loosely with the barrel pointed at the floor, unlike the other dickgirls who were alert and at full attention.

Melissa returned Gerda's gaze with a death glare of her own, refusing to acknowledge her verbally at all. She was pleased to see the others follow suit.

Gerda rolled her eyes at the display of defiance. "All right, perhaps you need more... motivation." One of the dickgirls got her a chair, and Gerda sat down in it. Then she glanced at Brooke. "Bring her to me," she said.

Brooke was untied from the chair, but then her arms were restrained with rope again -- bound in front of her this time -- and her feet were also tied together. The two dickgirls who had grabbed her laid her across Gerda's lap with her perfect ass pointing upward slightly. Gerda wasted no time in raining blows down on that ass, giving Brooke one of the most brutal spankings Melissa had ever observed firsthand.

Brooke's moans of lust intensified with the force of the blows, and even from a couple of feet away Melissa could see the juices running out of her pussy and down Gerda's legs. Gerda grew increasingly frustrated that Brooke was enjoying herself, and kept hitting her harder and harder... which made Brooke enjoy herself more and more, in an endless sadomasochistic loop.

Finally, Brooke screamed out her orgasm and showered Gerda's lower body with great gushing spurts of pussy juice. Her thrashing got so out of control that Gerda lost her grip, and Brooke fell from the dickgirl's lap and onto the floor, where she lay panting and shuddering with aftershocks from what was apparently a very intense amount of pleasure.

Jenny laughed, and Gerda glared at her. "You're next, bitch," she said, gesturing to the dickgirls to untie Jenny and bring her over.

A gunshot rang out, followed closely by a second. One of the building's windows shattered, and one of the dickgirls moving to get Jenny went down with blood spraying from the bullet hole in her neck. The other shot struck Henry Colon in the forehead, killing him instantly.

"You wanted to know where Janet was," Jenny said. "There's your answer."

Gerda glanced to a Hispanic-looking dickgirl. "Karina, take a team and go get that bitch. Make sure she suffers before she dies."

Karina nodded and took Kayla, Laura and a uniformed police officer Melissa vaguely recalled glimpsing at the precinct the day she had met Laura for the first time, but couldn't put a name to.

Gerda raised a handgun of her own and pressed it against Jenny's forehead. She turned toward the window and said, moving her mouth very clearly so Janet could read her lips through her sniper scope, "Give up, or your sister dies."

The window in front of Gerda exploded in a shower of glass, and a bullet ripped through the dickgirl's arm just above the wrist. Her hand went limp, and the gun fell from it. Gerda, nursing her apparently nerve-damaged arm, scrambled for cover before another shot could be fired in her direction.

"Kill them all!" Gerda snapped, and the dickgirls raised handguns and prepared to fire. Several things happened at once; first, Sheralyn snapped out of her daze and fired her orgasm gun into the nearest dickgirl, who dropped her weapon and collapsed to the floor screaming in pleasure. Several of the dickgirls turned their weapons on Sheralyn in response to this, at which point some of the other cheerleaders -- Tracy, Cindy and Carrie -- fired their orgasm guns into former allies as well.

While the confused dickgirls, who were quickly losing unit cohesion, tried to figure out just who the fuck they were supposed to be shooting at, Gerda picked her gun back up in her good hand and started to rise. Which was when Catherine revealed that her wrists had been free this whole time, and slapped the gun away again while grabbing Gerda's hair with her other hand and driving her face forcefully against Jenny's chair a couple of times.

Jenny managed to scoot her chair around enough so that when Catherine brought Gerda's face down a third time, she planted it right in Jenny's lap. Jenny's hard cock pressed against Gerda's face, and Catherine drove her mouth down onto it and forced her to suck it while Brooke -- whose bonds had never been resecured -- stood behind Jenny and untied her wrists.

Jenny firmly gripped the back of Gerda's head, holding her in place while Catherine and Brooke freed the other girls. Melissa picked up the chair she had been tied to and smashed it against the back of Kristy's head, knocking her unconscious to the floor. "Now you're my bitch," she said, kicking the dickgirl in the ribs for good measure.

"Melissa! Look out!" Amanda cried. Melissa ducked, letting the bullet whiz over her head instead of hitting her, then came back up with a leg of the chair that had splintered into pieces when she hit Kristy with it. She spun around and threw the chair leg, hoping to hit her attacker hard enough to knock her down at least, but instead the sharp end where the leg had broken off of the chair lodged in the dickgirl's throat.

Melissa watched, horrified, as the dickgirl -- thankfully, not one of the ones she recognized -- died.

By the time Jenny had made Gerda swallow her cum, the remaining dickgirls -- mostly former cheerleaders -- had surrendered to their would-be prisoners.

"Let's get their clothes off," Stephanie suggested.

"Aren't we supposed to be going after that sniper?" Kayla asked as Karina led them in the opposite direction from Janet.

"Gerda and I are of equal rank. I don't take orders from her."

"So what are we doing, then?"

"Getting the fuck out of here. The Commander instructed that this mission could not result in unnecessary losses. That ship has sailed, but at least three of us can get back to the Sex Star. Officer Cummings, go back to work. With Colon dead, we'll need you here on Earth more than ever."

The policewoman nodded and got back in her squad car, driving off. Karina keyed her comm. "Three to beam up," she said.

Janet watched as the squad car rolled off and the other three dickgirls left. Then she darted across the street, slipped back inside the warehouse and ran up the stairs. "Did I miss anything good?" she asked as she flung the door open.