 Laura's new appendage stiffened again as she was introduced to the other members of the away team. She wondered when she was going to get used to having a cock.

Dr. Wang, the pretty Asian dickgirl who had attached the penis to her body, had made sure it worked properly by sucking cum out of it repeatedly, leaving Laura quivering in a state of extreme orgasmic bliss.

Now, every time she saw a hot girl -- or dickgirl -- her cock sprang to life. Several times when this happened, complete strangers had gone down on her... apparently, dicks weren't allowed to remain hard for very long aboard the Sex Star.

The girl standing next to her -- a pretty young brunette with blond highlights -- noticed the bulge in the crotch of Laura's pants (since the dickgirls were going back down to Earth, they had been given clothing temporarily). She deftly unzipped her and sucked Laura off to a glorious orgasm, swallowing all of her load.

"Thank you," she said. "I'm Laura."

"I know," the other girl said. "We weren't formally introduced before, but I was there when you were first brought in. My name's Kayla."

"Who are the others?"

"I think Karina's going to do the introductions," Kayla replied, gesturing to a busty Hispanic dickgirl.

Sure enough, Karina rattled off the names of each dickgirl, including Laura and Kayla. Laura had already met Gerda, but the others were all new to her: Kristy, a gorgeous blond with a perfect body; Tracy and Cindy, identical twins with long brown hair and very large breasts; Sheralyn, a tall, leggy black girl whose massive erection seemed to go halfway down her leg; Becky, a raven-haired beauty with a curvy figure; Angie, a mischievous-looking redhead with a body similar to Kristy's; Carrie, a busty blond who had the look of a clueless bimbo about her; Alison, another blond but this time with somewhat smaller breasts and a slightly more intelligent look; Heather, a tanned brunette with the same tall, slender, leggy body type as Sheralyn; Tammy, a shorter blond with a great ass; Tiffany, who looked like she might be Heather's shorter, bustier sister; Melina, an older brunette woman with massive breasts, quite possibly the biggest Laura had ever seen; Tara, a blond who looked like a supermodel; Yoko, a pretty Asian girl; and Christa, who had shiny black hair and a cute, angelic face.

"We'll be meeting some other dickgirls on the ground," Gerda said, taking over as speaker while Karina joined the other members of the away team. The cute Latina smiled at Laura, who felt her cock twitch again and lost track of what Gerda was saying.

The transition back to Earth was abrupt... there was no shuttle taking the girls down, they just reappeared back on the surface suddenly.

There were about a dozen more dickgirls in the room in which they appeared... Laura didn't catch many names, but realized that most of them were Russian and there were a couple she probably wouldn't ever be able to pronounce.

Henry was there as well, along with a uniformed officer Laura recognized from the precinct but could only identify by her last name. Now she realized that that name, Cummings, held extra significance.

They piled into plain, unmarked vans and drove off toward the abandoned warehouse they were there to raid.

"So are you an EMT too?" Amanda asked Janet. They were eating lunch. It was the third day after they had joined Lynn's group.

Janet laughed. "No, I leave the touchy-feely stuff to my sister." She didn't elaborate.

"Janet's skills lie in... other areas," Lynn added.

"Like what?" Amanda persisted.

"Let's just say if they had sent me to shoot you, I wouldn't have missed," Janet said.

"Vehicles approaching," Shawn announced. She was sitting in front of a bank of video monitors, watching the footage from the security cameras Lynn had placed around the hideout.

"Jenny, get everyone to the van. Janet, Shawn, you're with me." Lynn got up, unlocked a metal cabinet and pulled what looked like a machine gun out of it. Janet and Shawn grabbed similar weapons.

Jenny pulled out a handgun and gestured with it. "This way," she said.

Melissa and her friends followed Jenny, Catherine, Lisa and Stephanie to the garage area and got into the van. Catherine put the keys in the ignition, then froze. "We can't go that way," she said.

"What do you mean?" Melissa asked.

"There are too many of them."

"How could you possibly know that?" Melissa pressed.

"Catherine's psychic," Lisa said. "She gets flashes sometimes. If she says we'll be surrounded if we try to exit that way, she's probably right."

"Psychic? Yeah, right," Melissa said.

"I'd bend a spoon for you or something, but there's really no time for that right now," Catherine shot back.

Up toward the front of the warehouse, gunfire erupted.

Lynn, Janet and Shawn pelted the vans down in the street with bullets. Janet even managed to break a front passenger-side window and hit the dickgirl beyond it in the neck; blood now stained the front door on that side.

One of the vans pulled around to face away from the incoming gunfire, then its back doors opened and an RPG flew out. The girls were forced to take cover as the wall that had previously been in front of them collapsed.

Another explosion occurred at the back of the warehouse, and Lynn turned to look. Women -- some of whom she recognized as Sex Star dickgirls -- were pouring in through the hole in the wall and converging on her friends from behind.

Jenny, Stephanie and Lisa got out and started firing, pinning the dickgirls down behind whatever cover they could find inside the warehouse. Melissa launched herself at a dickgirl who had been slower to retreat than the others, knocking her to the floor. The impact knocked her weapon out of her hand, and Melissa seized it and slammed the butt of the gun against the side of her head as hard as she could. Something crunched audibly inside the dickgirl's head, as if Melissa had broken a bone or two; the dickgirl made no move to get back up.

Another dickgirl popped out from behind cover and shot Melissa in the chest. Amanda panicked at first, but quickly realized Melissa was still moving around, and the redhead's cries sounded more like pleasure than pain.

"The weapons aboard the Sex Star are geared toward incapacitating people rather than killing them," Lisa explained to Brooke and Amanda. "She'll keep cumming uncontrollably until she passes out."

Jenny shot the dickgirl who had brought down Melissa. The spray of blood and the unquestionably final sound of her body hitting the floor left no doubt that Jenny's weapon was made to kill rather than to incapacitate.

The dickgirls returned fire, battering the side and rear of the van with shots from both real guns and orgasm guns. One of the orgasm guns hit Lisa, who fell to the floor and started writhing and moaning at Amanda's feet.

Shawn and Janet suddenly appeared in front of the girls, fighting back to back. Janet's incredibly well-aimed shots kept the dickgirls that Jenny had been shooting at pinned down behind cover, and Jenny reversed the direction of her firing to shoot at the same targets as Shawn.

Brooke got hit with one of the orgasm guns, then Shawn went down as well. Jenny staggered sideways, wiping blood out of her left eye... Shawn had been hit with a real bullet. Amanda could see the exit wound, only partially concealed by her hair, on the back of her head.

With a scream of rage, Amanda grabbed Shawn's gun and emptied it in the general direction of the attack that had killed her. She saw two dickgirls go down, one for good with a bullet lodged in her throat, but the man who had killed Shawn -- she realized with a shock that it was Detective Colon -- managed to evade her fire and duck behind cover.

Amanda spun around to see Lynn and Stephanie convulsing on the floor, in the throes of powerful orgasms... cum was leaking steadily from the bottom of Stephanie's pants leg, staining her shoes and the floor. Janet was nowhere to be seen.

"I'm out!" Jenny announced from beside her, stowing her empty gun in the waistband of her jeans.

Catherine's pistol clicked ominously. "Me, too."

"What do we do now?" Amanda asked.

"We surrender," Catherine said.

Amanda, Catherine and Jenny walked around the side of the van with their hands in the air. While four of the dickgirls held guns on them, the other attackers removed the clothing of the unconscious girls and started violating them.

The dickgirls who had hung back with Amanda made her, Catherine and Jenny strip, then one of them nudged Amanda with the butt of her gun. "On your knees," she ordered.

Amanda complied, kneeling before the dickgirl, who pulled out her cock and ordered Amanda to suck it. While she sucked the dickgirl off, one of the other dickgirls commanded Catherine to mount Amanda and fuck her from behind... Jenny was made to stroke her cock in front of Catherine's face while she watched the fucking.

The dickgirl made Amanda swallow much of her load, but did save enough to liberally cover her face. Jenny sprayed cum all over Catherine shortly thereafter, and that triggered Catherine's orgasm and made her flood Amanda's pussy.

While Catherine sucked off the next dickgirl, Jenny was made to lick Amanda's pussy clean. Then Amanda sucked off the third dickgirl, while Jenny fucked her and Catherine came all over Jenny's face and big tits. Then Jenny sucked off the fourth dickgirl while Catherine licked the cum out of Amanda's pussy.

Jenny, Catherine and Amanda were made to lick all the holes of the unconscious girls clean, then the dickgirls tied everyone up.

Melissa awoke to the sensation of cold air making her bare nipples hard and something sticky drying on her face and tits. She tried to move, but realized she was tied to a chair, her arms and legs restrained.

She looked around. All the rest of her friends, except for Shawn and Janet -- she hoped they had gotten away -- were in a similar predicament. All their clothes had been removed, as had her own.

Someone slapped her in the face with a dick. She looked up to see that it was Kristy, the captain of her cheerleading team. Not only was there a penis between the gorgeous blond's legs now, but her tits had been enlarged as well... they were now 34Gs, a full three cup sizes bigger than Melissa's. "Suck it," Kristy said.

Melissa had to admit, Kristy's new body turned her on in spite of the circumstances. She took the dick into her mouth without complaint, and sucked until she was rewarded with a big gush of hot cum down her throat. Kristy pulled back and decorated her face and hair with the last few squirts. "I'm gonna make you my bitch," she declared.