 In the darkness of the late night, a dark blue Lexus drives to a huge mansion. After the car is parked on the cobblestone driveway, a 5'8 woman with her blond hair tied back steps out from the driver's side, wearing a long black leather overcoat. From the passenger side, a 5'1 Asian woman with raven black shoulder length hair dressed in a charcoal coat, black pants and black heeled-shoes, carrying a laptop case and a small carry bag. The blond in black walks from her car to the Oakwood front door of the mansion, her Asian companion follows behind.

A few seconds after ringing the door chime, a middle-aged man in a butler's uniform opens the door. A moment of silence follows.

"They've been expecting you." Says the butler. "Please come in."

The two women enter to the foyer of polished marble floor and Oakwood walls.

"May I take your coats?" requests the butler after shutting the door. The Asian female is first to remove her coat showing her red silk shirt, handing it to the butler. After gazing around, the interior of the mansion, the blond removes her coat, showing the light-blue tight fitting dress and white stilettos she wears.

After the coats are put on the coat stand, the butler guides the late-night guests to the living room. There await a man in his late fifties with light-brown hair sitting on a couch with a glass of brandy and a woman in her late forties as well with blond hair slightly darker than one of the visitors, standing near the fireplace with a martini glass.

"Good evening." The man says rising from the couch to walk to the guests. "You must be Courtney."

"Yes." Replies the blond woman in a nonchalant manner. "This is my assistant, Yen." The Asian woman gives a brief head bow in response to the introduction.

"Richard Wesley." The man introduces himself and motions to the woman by the fireplace. "This is my wife, Anna." The wife remains silent, making no effort to make the guests feel welcomed. An attitude Courtney is familiar with.

"Father Peter from St. Aidan told me you're in need of my survives." Courtney states in a professional voice. A faint sigh of contempt from Anna is heard, but to maintain some professional politeness, it was quietly disregarded.

"Won't you sit down?" Richard smilingly motions to the couch. "Can I have Simon get you a drink?"

"No, thank you." Courtney declines, walking to the couch with Yen following behind her. After the Courtney and Yen sit, Yen takes out her lap top computer from it case and sets it on the glass coffee table.

"So who needs my help, Mr. Wesley?" asks Courtney.

"Our son, David." Answers Mr. Wesley.

"When did it start?" Courtney continues inquiring.

"We're not sure, we think sometime last fall."

"You're not sure?"

"We're very busy people. At first, it was little things. He would yell or brake things, then when he stabbed Simon in the arm with a penknife, we took him our doctor, then a whole bunch of doctors. They gave him some mediation that never worked."

"What other acts of violence did he do?"

"One night, last summer, he...he...raped one of the maids." Richard takes a long sip of his brandy. "The way he brutalized her was...inhuman. He almost killed her."

"Oh, please." Mutters Anna. "She was some slut from the Philippines, she probably liked it."

"Anna, please" Richard calmly asserts to Anna, and then turns his attention back to Courtney. "We paid her hospital bills and whatever treatment she needed and gave her a very generous severance pay."

"In exchange for her silence, no doubt." Courtney says.

"That little whore had no problem taking our money." Bellows Anna, walking toward Courtney and Yen. "People like them are always coming here from their backwater country holding out their hands." Anna notices Yen with her head down but her eyes looking up at her. "No offense."

"None taken." Calmly replies Yen. "I'm Korean."

"Is this all, Mr. Wesley?" asks Courtney. "Because it seems to me your son is just a spoiled rich sociopath. And if so, I can't help you."

"There have been other incidents." Richard testifies. "Things like the ground shaking, glass breaking from no reason. After what happened with the maid, David just got worse. Last week, Anna and I returned one afternoon and Simon take us to the pool where we saw Tammy, David's girlfriend, floating in the pool dead."

"He drowned her?"

"No, but her entire body was covered in burn marks. As if she was boiled alive. We knew Tammy's family, so we manage to..."

"That's enough." Says Courtney. "I now believe I can help your son."

"I have Simon show you to..."

"Mr. Wesley, before I get started, there is the subject of payment. I hope Father Peter didn't leave that out."

"Of course. I've already transferred the money to your account."

With a look from Courtney, Yen keys her laptop. Several minutes pass.

"The money has been transferred." Yen states.

"Very well." Courtney confirms. "Let's go started."

Simon the butler guides Courtney and Yen down a hallway in the far side of the mansion.

"We had master David sedated and restrained this afternoon." Informs Simon. "Not an easy task."

"Certainly saves me the trouble." Retorts Courtney.

Simon leads Courtney and Yen at the end of the hallway to a door with three pad locks. Using the keys left on a small side table near the door, Simon unlocks the door and opens it.

"Good luck." Says the butler as walks away.

"Ready?" Courtney asks Yen.

"Yes." Yen answers.

Courtney enters the small, dark room and sees a young auburn-haired man in his early twenties lying on an old-fashion single bed, with his wrists above him tied by rope to the bar frame of the headboard and his ankles ties to the bedpost of the other end of the bed, partially covered by a thin sheet. The furniture of the room also includes a chair near the door, a nightstand next to the bed and a small dresser by the window. With the lights off, the room is illuminated only from the window by the moon and stars. After both enter the room, Yen shuts the door behind her.

Cautiously approaching the bed, Courtney leans forward for a closer look at David. She sees what a handsome man he is and admires his toned muscular build. Courtney then pulls the sheet from David, showing the rest of his appealing body, wearing just his gray jock shorts.

"Yen, scissors." Commands Courtney. The compliant Yen pulls out a pair of scissors from the carry bag and hands them to Courtney. As Courtney begins to cut the fabric of the jock shorts, Yen takes out five white candles and places and lights them around the bed, two by each side and one by the end of the bed, forming a pentagram. After lighting the last candle, Yen goes to the chair at the door and begins removing her clothes.

Making the necessary cuts, Courtney pulls the carved underwear from the sleeping David, now completely naked. Courtney leans to David's penis. She gently wraps her fingers around the sleeper's shaft and slowly strokes it, causing blood to rush in the penis, causing it to grow. This I can work with. She thinks.

Soft groans begin emanate from the sleeping David.

"He's waking up." Says Courtney. "You ready?"

At the chair, Yen pulls off her pink panties and drops them on the chair with the rest of her clothes, exposing her naked 33-22-33 body. She takes a bottle of lube gel from the carry bag and hurries to Courtney's side.

"Stroke him gently." Instructs Courtney, letting go of the erected penis. "Remember, I need him physically aroused."

"Yes, Courtney." Obeys Yen. Yen squeezes a palm full of gel from the bottle in her hand, while Courtney walks to the dresser and removes her clothes. With her hand covered with gel, she tenderly holds the penis and resumes the gentle hand job. The groans continue until young David opens his dark brown eyes to see his manhood in Yen's lubricated hands.

"Courtney, He's awake." Calls Yen.

"What the fuck are you doing?" David demandingly asks.

"Calm down, David." David turns his head to the directions of Courtney's voice and sees her glorious nude 36C-24-34 body unclamping her blond hair to fall free, wearing just her gold cross adorning her neck. "I'm Courtney and this is Yen." Courtney sits on the bed and places her hand on David's chest. "We're here to help you."

Looking into David's eyes, Courtney sees the malevolent rage in him is slowly replaced something more unsettling for her, malevolent lust.

"You can help me by untying me, bitch." David demands.

"No, I won't." replies Courtney. "Just relax, David, and this well be over." Courtney glides her fingers down David's chest to the shaft of his hard cock, still being lubed by Yen's caressing hands. "That's good, Yen. He's ready." Yen removes her hands of the erect manhood and takes a few steps back from the bed.

"Free my hands and I'll show how ready I am." Boosts David, with a sinister grin.

Courtney moves herself to kneel over David standing penis. She reaches behind her and gently holds it, then brushes her ass cheeks against it.

"If my parents paid a whore to fuck me, it should enough to do whatever I want." Says David, trying to pull his hands free.

"I'm not a whore." Courtney corrects. "But I am going to fuck you." Courtney lowers her head to David's chest and gives a slow and steady lick to the sternum followed by a series of slow wet kisses across his pecks. This physically excites David further, as he become more aggressive to free himself from his restraints.

"Get me the fuck out of this!" David orders. "I'll give you a fucking like you never had."

Rising her upper body, Courtney lowers her hips for the hard penis to slowly slide in her bald vagina. Once within Courtney's sex, she begins to rock her hips back and forth.

"I want you to..." Courtney's statement is interrupted.

"UNTIE ME, YOU FUCKING WHORE!" yells David.

"I want you to focus on your cock in me!" Courtney reassert as she instructs. "Feel the pleasure it's giving you as it slips and slides in my pussy! My hot, wet, tight pussy!"

Suddenly, in a few short seconds, the air in the room gets cold. Courtney feels her skin tighten and her nipples harden. She persists with her pelvic rhythms, despite David's resistance. Although the sensation of the penetration pleases her as well as David, Courtney maintains her concentration to her task. Then suddenly, but expected, she feels an electrifying sensation consuming her eyes. Opening her eyes wide, she looks inside the man she's copulating. She sees pass the physical reality around her to an astral plane of reality. With this astral sight, she sees an entity of pure evil wrapped in a shroud of utter darkness. She sees the demon possessing young David.

"Yen." Courtney says. "Get farther away."

But as Yen attempts to distant herself from the bed, a terrifying inhuman growl emerges from David, paralyzing her with absolute fear. Less than a second after that, the binds restraining David's arms and legs simultaneously snap. Now free, David grabs Courtney by the arms and, without breaking the intercourse, forces her on her back.

"I ALWAYS GET TO BE ON TOP, BITCH!" David yells, as he mercilessly thrusts his cock in Courtney, feeling the hard punching pains in her abdomen. "Get over here!" David looks to Yen, still overcome with fear to move. "You're next after I'm done with her, SO YOU GET OVER HERE NOW!"

"Stay away, Yen!" shouts Courtney.

David turns his sight back to Courtney and sees the look of defiantness rather than of fear and surrender he would prefer. Enraged by this, David slaps both his hands on Courtney's neck and tightens his grip. Courtney grabs the wrists of the choking hands and tries to pull them away but because of the enhanced strength from the demon, Courtney can barely move David's hands as she feels her throat being squeezed harder and harder while David continues brutally thrusting his hot-blooded cock in Courtney.

"I GIVE THE ORDERS HERE, NOT SOME WHORE!" roars David. "I'M GOING TO SHOWYOU...YOU..."

David's stride begins to slowly decelerate as he feels himself become weak. Through her astral sight, Courtney sees the demon possessing him losing its hold on David. Feeling the hands on her throat weaken, Courtney quickly wraps her legs around David's waist, securing her to him and then pulls David's hands from her neck and hurriedly inhales to resume her breathing.

"I told you, I'm not a whore." Says Courtney.

As both Courtney and David feel the air around them electrify, the flame from the candles intensifies and grows. Taking advantage of David's weaken condition, Courtney pulls him down and rolls herself back to top of him and resumes her pelvic motions.

"Relish this moment, demon!" yells Courtney. "It's the last good fuck you'll have!"

Through David's mouth, the demon lets out a roar of rage as Courtney feels herself nearing the peak of pleasure. Suddenly, an explosion of light and force causes Courtney to soar backwards from the bed to the floor. The candle flames immediately shrinks down to nothing, leaving only smoke.

Lying naked on the hardwood floor, Courtney can only now focus on her new discomfort, not so much as the physical discomfort with David, but a metaphysical one as she feels the demon she exorcised from David is now in her. Courtney starts convulsing as she feels the malevolent rage of the demon grow as it tries clawing its way out, a rage of evil that she is forced to experience. 

Courtney then senses the demon realizing its end near, but like the demons she exorcised, it doesn't feel fear for its destruction, just more rage. Courtney curls herself as she patiently waits for this process to finish, but as the demon's hatred for her increases fast and intensely, she worries it may be more than she can handle.

Finally, the demon feels itself beginning to dissipate like paper on fire, it tries to fight, to resist, to survive, but as it proves futile, the demon is enraged even more until it explodes and dissipates into nothing.

As the convulsing stops, Courtney rolls on her back and takes in some deep breathes. Yen cautiously walks to Courtney and kneels near her.

"Courtney?" Yen says in a low tone.

"Yen, how's David?" Courtney asks, opening her eyes to see Yen, still naked, kneeling over her.

"He's passed out." Yen answers.

"Get my coat." Courtney tells Yen. "We're done here."

Yen quickly stands up and hurries out of the bedroom. Fully back to her senses, Courtney sits herself up. She looks at David, resting peacefully on the bed. A bit weak she goes on her hands and knees and crawl to the bed. Kneeling up for a better look of David, she notices a trail of semen staining the mattress. Courtney sits herself down with her back to the edge of the bed. Spreading her legs, she examines her vagina and thighs for semen but only finds sweat.

Courtney looks at David, still asleep.

*****

Standing outside the door, Richard and Anna watch a weaken Courtney, wearing only her coat to conceal her nude body, helped to the passenger seat of her car by Yen and the butler. Yen then enters the driver's seat, and droves away.

"I don't thrust that slut." States Anna. "This could just a scam and David isn't well at all."

"I assure you, Mrs. Wesley." Says a deep, gravely voice from behind the Wesleys. "It is not a scam."

A man dressed in a black overcoat and a wide-brimmed hat walks through the door. Richard turns to face the hidden guest. Up close, he sees pass the shadows obscuring the strange man's old and wrinkled face with gray hair.

"As I told you, the young lady has freed your son from his demon-possession." Says the old man.

"If you don't mind me asking, why did you insist on hiding from her? On telling her Father Peter recommended her?" inquires Richard. "Have you even met her?"

The strange man pauses for a few seconds.

"That isn't important now." Answer the old man. "You son is well now. That's all that matters." 

*****

Although Courtney has regained some strength, she still needed Yen as she guides Courtney to the luxurious wide-spaced bathroom of her home. Soon Courtney soaks in the warm waters of her bathtub, breathing in the scent of jasmine as she lays her head back against a rolled up towel.

"Are you feeling better?" Yen softly asks.

Courtney opens her eyes to look to Yen, wearing a pink silk mini-robe. 

"Yes." She answers.

After a few seconds of silence, Yen walks to Courtney as she removes her robe and lets it drop on the floor. Yen takes a ball-shaped sponge from the counter and steps in the spacious tub with Courtney, who looks at Yen with no expression of welcome her or denying her. She kneels beside Courtney as she plunges the sponge in the water.

"What are you doing?" Courtney asks, slowly sliding up, rising her shoulders and well-rounded breasts above the water.

"Shhhh, relax." Implies Yen, reaching to the soap tray. "Just close your eyes and relax."

Going along, Courtney lays her head back down, but watches Yen rub the soap on the sponge, saturating it with lather. Yen crawls to Courtney, putting herself above her and gently rubs the soapy sponge against Courtney's globes, first around in a crisscross rhythm, then circling a single breast up to the areolas and slowly caressing the nipple.

"Does that feel good?" inquires Yen.

"Yes." Courtney sighs.

To relish the pleasures she receives from the loyal Yen, Courtney closes her eyes. Yen leans more to Courtney until her head hovers above Courtney's face. The nipple play continues for a few minutes, and then Yen slowly slides the sponge from Courtney's breasts, down her stomach and between her thighs. Courtney feels the soapy porous surface of the sponge now push through her labia and rubbing against her swollen clit, sending her to further ecstasy. 

As Yen caresses Courtney's sex in a slow and steady pace, she watches Courtney's lips, breathing more rapidly. The moans from Courtney fill Yen with the need to feel Courtney's lips on her. Hoping Courtney will greet Yen just a small kiss as reward for her efforts, Yen moves her mouth close to Courtney's. However, Courtney's head makes a sudden turn to the side, blocking Yen's effort.

Yen knows Courtney did this intentionally, but puts her frustration aside for the moment to continues what she started, what Courtney needs to begin with. Courtney's hips jerks several times before she finally feel a surge of sexual bliss from her sex, causing her to let out a load moan.

Done with her task, Yen pull the sponge away and kneel up as Courtney opens her eyes.

"That was very good, Yen." Says Courtney, a nonchalant, emotionally detached manner. "Now help me rinse off."

*****

The stairway seems to be darker though Courtney remembered, as she walks up to the second floor. Suddenly, Courtney's feels her very soul dampens with the sense of fear and dread.

Why do I have to be here?

At the top of the stairway, Courtney continues walking down a dark hallway with little light for her to see.

I shouldn't be here. I shouldn't be here.

She notices the clothes she's wearing, a simple white blouse and a long black skirt. It's what the nuns had her wear. Although drab, Courtney never defied them.

Why are they making me do this? I don't want to be here.

At the end of the hallway, Courtney walks to a door. The fear inside her grows.

Don't open the door!

Courtney finds herself reaching for the doorknob and to her horror is unable to stop herself.

Run! Just get out of there!

With no apparent control of herself, Courtney opens the door and walks in what seems to be an office. 

No! I can't go in there!

A man dressed in black is standing behind his desk with his back to Courtney looking out the window. 

He's a priest. The nuns sent me to him.

Courtney notices the darkness outside the window.
