 The guards, after each of them had made her suck them off and shot cum on her face, unceremoniously shoved Joy into an empty room.

She had been rubbed down from head to toe with oil, and had had liberal amounts of lubricant applied inside both her pussy and her asshole. Her pussy had also been shaved completely bald, and she had been injected with a chemical that the busty blond nurse informed her would prevent her from ever growing body hair below the neckline again.

And now, she was here. Presumably waiting for whatever came next.

The room didn't remain empty for long... a dickgirl suddenly materialized in front of her. She was tall, blond and leggy, with a stern look on her almost painfully beautiful face. She wore a black leather corset that stopped below her breasts, leaving them completely exposed; she was naked below the waist save for a leather garter belt, black thigh-high stockings that looked like they might be made of rubber or latex, and black spiked stiletto boots. Her thick, uncut cock stuck out at Joy from above her perfectly shaved pussy. In her left hand she held some sort of slender rod, possibly made of metal.

"I am Marisa," she said in a cold, clipped English accent. "But you may call me Mistress."

"You wish," Joy said.

Marisa's right hand snapped up with all the quickness and ferocity of a striking rattlesnake. Joy's head snapped sideways with the force of the blow, and an angry red handprint appeared on her left cheek. As she steadied herself and started to recover from the slap, she heard the sound it had made on her tender flesh echoing in the empty room.

She went with her first instinct... which was to hit back. Marisa apparently hadn't been expecting that; Joy's fist split her lower lip pretty thoroughly, and the blow nearly knocked the dickgirl on her ass. As she regained her footing, she lunged forward and the rod in her left hand pressed against Joy's midsection.

Unimaginably intense agony exploded through Joy's nervous system; it felt as if the pain centers of her brain were being attacked directly. She wasn't even aware she was screaming until she heard the echoes of her tormented shrieks reflecting back at her through the room's excellent acoustics.

While Joy was still on all fours on the ground trying to catch her breath, Marisa walked around her, heels clicking on the metal starship decking beneath her feet and echoing ominously. "This is my boomstick," she said. "I choose whether it inflicts pain..." another surge of agony shot through Joy's body as Marisa slapped her on the ass with the weapon, "... or pleasure." She plunged three inches of the rod into Joy's pussy, and within seconds Joy was cumming violently, squirting pussy juice onto the boomstick, bucking her hips and moaning for more like a slut.

"As much as I enjoy giving you pain," Marisa continued, "it makes me even hotter to watch you experience pleasure. So behave in a manner that will inspire me to reward you."

"Yes, Mistress," Joy gasped in between deep, panting breaths. The boomstick, still set to inflict pleasure, brushed lightly over her clit and caused another explosive orgasm. Joy's thighs and ass cheeks kept quivering from the force of her climax for nearly a minute after she had finished cumming, and pussy juice ran freely out of her hole and down her legs for another full minute after that.

"Are you going to be good now?" Marisa asked.

"Yes, Mistress," Joy said. "Please Mistress, let me suck your cock."

Marisa smiled and stood over Joy, aiming her dick at her new slave's face. Joy took the cock eagerly into her mouth, sucking the tip like a pro for a few seconds before sliding it down her throat as far as she could comfortably take it. Then, she bit down as hard as she could.

Marisa's shrieks of pain bounced wildly around the echoey room as she staggered backward, her penis still intact but only barely. Joy stood up, spit out a wad of blood, and said, "Fuck you, you cunt."

The bright burst of pain from the boomstick was worth it, even though Marisa kept applying the weapon until Joy lost consciousness.

Joy groaned as she woke up... apparently, having the boomstick applied to one's body for a prolonged period of time left lasting pain. Every muscle in her body ached, and when she rose she did so on stiff, uncooperative legs and staggered like a drunk for a few minutes until the pain started wearing off.

The door to the room hissed open. Armed guards strolled in and surrounded her. "No Marisa today?" Joy asked them. "I was so looking forward to finishing that blowjob I was giving her."

One of the guards slammed the butt of her gun into Joy's face. Bright lights exploded behind her right eye, and she thought she heard something pop. She fell on her side, and another guard swatted her on the ass with something hard.

"That's enough," an unfamiliar female voice said. "We don't want her banged up too much... her new friends will take care of that."

"What new friends?" Joy asked in what she hoped was a meek enough tone to avoid any further physical retaliation on Marisa's behalf.

"You're going to jail, bitch," another of the guards said by way of explanation.

Then the heel of a boot dug into the small of her back and 

a third guard said, "Get up and start walking."

The guards led Joy down into the lower levels of the station. This required several elevator trips, and on each one the group was gassed with the pink aphrodisiac cloud and Joy was mercilessly gang-raped by her lust-crazed captors.

"It's a good thing you've got all this cum in you," one of the guards told Joy after about the fifth time this had happened. "New prisoners spend their first night in general population. Trust me, you're gonna need lube in there."

Eventually, they came to a large door consisting of steel bars. One of the dickgirls inserted a key and unlocked it, then swung it open. The guards unceremoniously shoved Joy in, then closed and locked the door behind her.

Before Joy's eyes adjusted to the dim lighting of the prison, hands grabbed her arms roughly and forced her to a kneeling position. She felt someone slapping her face with a cock, aiming it at her mouth, and knowing it would probably be worse if she resisted she opened up and took the member down her throat.

As she sucked on the pulsing, throbbing cock, she heard women moaning. Occasionally, something hot, sticky and wet would splatter her naked body, and she realized that dickgirls were cumming on her while their partner fucked her mouth. Eventually, the dick between her lips pumped its load down her throat... she couldn't take it all, and pulled her head back after swallowing the first two squirts to take the rest on her pretty face. The dickgirl laughed and wiped her cock off in Joy's hair, depositing her last few drops of spunk there.

She looked around, her eyes fully adjusted now. There were about three dozen dickgirls and maybe half that many normal women standing around her. As she watched, two of the dickgirls grabbed a cute blond female prisoner by her arms and marched her over to Joy. "Lick her clean," the girl Joy had just sucked off said.

Not seeing how she had any choice in the matter, Joy started lapping at the girl's soaking wet cunt. It tasted like about a dozen of the dickgirls had cum inside her, and the crust of dried and drying semen on her legs seemed to support that estimate. She moaned as Joy licked her, pressing on the back of Joy's head to get her tongue further into her pussy. By the time Joy had licked all the cum out of her pussy and also gotten most of the dried residue off of her legs, the girl had cum at least five times.

The dickgirls laughed while Joy's tongue did its work, stroking their cocks over her, and every once in a while one of them would splash her with a fresh load of cum. Most of it landed on her back and ass, though a fair amount got in her hair as well, and she also felt some landing on her lower legs and feet.

After she had eaten cum from each female prisoner's pussy, dickgirls jerking off and cumming over her the entire time, she was made to suck each dickgirl prisoner's cock, ending with the one she had already sucked once, who was apparently the leader of this gang. She felt slightly sick from having swallowed so much cum and pussy juice, and was sure her face and hair were a mess from whatever she hadn't swallowed (she was also keenly aware of having a very large amount of cum on her tits).

Each dickgirl got to fuck Joy in her pussy and asshole as well before they finally left her lying there on the cold stone floor in an exhausted, cum-drenched heap.

At some point, Joy must have fallen asleep on the floor of the prison. She awoke to the not entirely unpleasant sensation of a dick in her pussy, and realized the other inmates were still fucking her even though she had lost consciousness.

The dickgirl on top of her moaned and shot a load of cum inside her, then dismounted and slapped her on the ass. "You like that, slut?" she asked.

"Yes," Joy said. She hadn't intended to speak, and the sound of her own voice -- especially how husky and lustful it sounded -- surprised her.

"You wanna go again?" one of the other dickgirls asked hopefully.

Joy nodded. "Yes. I want all of you to fuck me again. Even the girls." The female inmates blushed and giggled, but did look like they enjoyed the prospect of Joy licking their pussies again.

The orgy continued for so long that Joy lost track of time. When the guards came to get her and put her in her cell, she could hardly see through all the cum on her face.

The guards marched her down a corridor and stopped in front of one of the many prison cells lining it. One of them pressed a button on what appeared to be a remote control of some sort, and the cell door started rising up into the ceiling. The Latina dickgirl inside stared at Joy admiringly, licking her lips.

The guards shoved Joy inside the cell, then the door came down behind her. She was locked in with the dickgirl. "You two lovebirds have fun," one of the guards said, chuckling, before they walked away and left Joy alone with her new cellmate.