 Jenny rushed over to Janet and fiercely embraced her, giving her a very unsisterly open-mouthed kiss. Then she pulled away and slapped her hard on the ass, and not in an affectionate way. "You scared the hell out of me!" she said. "Next time, at least give us a heads-up that you're going to disappear like that."

"Sorry," Janet said. "I didn't have time to coordinate my plan with the rest of you... that raid caught even me by surprise." She paused, looking over to where the dickgirls were stripping at gunpoint while Stephanie and Melissa kept a watchful eye on them. "Are we going to fuck them now?"

"I certainly hope so," Jenny replied, her cock twitching in anticipation.

"Someone needs to watch the security monitors," Lynn reminded them. "It's usually Shawn's job, but..."

The sentence didn't need to be finished. "I'll do it," Amanda said, taking the seat that, up to this point, had usually been occupied by Shawn.

Meanwhile, Kristy and the other unconscious dickgirls were tied up as securely as possible, while Janet and Catherine dragged the bodies off to one side and stacked them in a corner.

Once that was done, the remaining dickgirls were forced to assume an extremely compromising bent-over position, and without fanfare were mounted by Stephanie, Jenny, Janet and Catherine. Sheralyn, Carrie, Tracy and Cindy joined in after only a moment's hesitation.

The dickgirls being fucked moaned enthusiastically, and all of them achieved orgasm despite the fact they were being raped. "It's impossible to truly rape a dickgirl," Lisa explained as she watched the show eagerly with three fingers buried in her cunt. "They always want it, and don't care how they get it."

Brooke nodded. Aroused by the show herself, she started to masturbate as well.

"We should make them lick our pussies," Melissa said.

Lynn smiled. "I like the way you think," she said. "Wait till our friends have all cum, then we'll implement your plan."

Before long Melissa, Brooke, Amanda (Janet had taken over at the security monitors), Lisa and Lynn were all being serviced by dickgirl mouths, and Jenny, Catherine and Stephanie were all getting blowjobs as well.

After coming down from her orgasm, Melissa asked, "Why aren't the police responding to the gunshots?"

"We do a lot of screaming in here," Lynn said. "The whole place is soundproofed pretty extensively."

While Sheralyn, Carrie, Tracy and Cindy took their turn getting blowjobs, some of the unconscious dickgirls that were waking up were dragged over and included in the fun. Melissa twisted Kristy's nipples repeatedly while the blond was going down on her, enjoying the way that each muffled cry of pain was accompanied by a squirt of milk. Lactating apparently caused sexual pleasure in Kristy's new body, because eventually in spite of the pain she orgasmed, screaming her pleasure into Melissa's cunt as the redhead's own orgasmic juices ran down her face and neck.

Melissa made Kristy lick her cum off the floor, and Stephanie gestured with her gun and told the other dickgirls, "Join her. Clean this place up."

Once all the semen and pussy juice had been cleaned off of every surface, all the dickgirls who weren't already tied up were bound. Gerda was tied to a chair, while the others were made to sit on the floor. "We need some information," Lynn said.

"Good luck getting it out of me," Gerda sneered.

A few minutes before, Janet had disappeared into the kitchen area while Lisa took her turn watching the security monitors. Now, she returned. She was holding a cheese grater in her hand. "You might want to start talking," she said. She turned to Amanda and the cheerleaders and added, "You might not want to watch this."

Gerda's contemptuous sneer intensified, but she said nothing. Janet placed the cheese grater against her cock, and started moving it up and down.

Gerda's shriek of agony would have been expected to anyone who was watching what Janet was doing, but it still made almost everyone in the room jump.

"Who else is involved in the conspiracy?" Lynn asked, shouting to be heard above Gerda's screams. Janet stopped grating for a moment, giving the prisoner time to answer.

"You know already," Gerda said. "It was just Colon and Cummings. Now, it's just Cummings."

"Bullshit," Lynn snapped. "Keep at her, Janet."

"This means nothing," Gerda managed to growl through gritted teeth as Janet resumed torturing her. "Even if you kill me, it'll be a hollow and temporary victory. In the end, you and I both know my side will win. We have the advantage in technology, numbers and mobility. You stand no chance."

"Oh yeah?" Stephanie shot back. "Well, my dick is bigger than yours."

Eventually, Gerda broke under the torture and gave Lynn the names of several politicians, newspeople, judges and law enforcement officials who were involved in the conspiracy.

"What do we do with her now, boss?" Janet asked Lynn.

"Leave her there," Lynn said. "Leave the others where they are, too. Cummings got away -- and has probably alerted the people whose names Gerda gave us to our location -- so we're no longer safe here. We need to torch the place... and I don't see any reason to leave survivors behind, so these dickgirls are going to stay right where they are and enjoy the light show."

Amanda seemed horrified by this, but Jenny nodded in agreement. "It's stupid to let them come after us again later," she said. "The smart play is to just kill them."

After dousing everything with gasoline, Janet jumped into the driver's seat of the van. Melissa rode shotgun, while Lynn, Lisa, Amanda, Brooke, Jenny, Catherine, Stephanie, Sheralyn, Tracy, Cindy and Carrie all squeezed into the back, many of them sitting in other girls' laps.

Melissa allowed herself to reflect on how good it felt to have clothes on again, in order to put the fate of her enemies out of her mind... she had believed what she said about it being the smart thing to do, but that didn't make it an easy thing to do.

The warehouse went up in a spectacular conflagration behind them, flames soaring into the night sky. It would have actually been quite beatiful, had the girls not known that people were suffering inside.

Kristy waited until the van started pulling out, then rolled herself over to the shattered windows. She managed to get hold of a jagged shard of glass, and severed the ropes binding her hands. Then she removed the bonds on her feet as well, before freeing the other cheerleaders. As she and Becky were cutting Angie free, the fuse burned down and the gasoline ignited. The flames were spreading too quickly to get more than a few of the other dickgirls free, so Kristy decided they would rescue the rest of their cheerleading teammates and just leave it at that.

Kristy, Becky, Angie, Alison, Heather, Tammy and Tiffany slipped out of the burning building -- still naked, as their clothes had already ignited -- and hurried off, the screams of dying dickgirls piercing the night behind them.

"I can't believe we just did that," Melissa said, shuddering slightly.

"We did what we had to do," Janet replied coldly, without even taking her eyes off the road.

"They were willing to kill Shawn," Lynn added in agreement with Janet. "If we're not willing to kill them, then we allow the enemy to set the rules. And if that happens, then we've already lost."

"But aren't we just like them now?" Amanda asked.

"No," Janet stated emphatically. "We're worse. We have to be bigger badasses than them if we want to stay alive. Leave morality out of it... the only consideration here is survival."

There was no easy way to argue with Janet's cold, hard logic, so the van rolled on in silence.

Back in the warehouse district, another van pulled up in front of Kristy and her group. The side door slid open, and Officer Cummings was there motioning them to enter the van. "I've been monitoring the radio channels for fire and rescue as well as law enforcement," she explained. "When I heard the warehouse was on fire, I figured I'd at least attempt a rescue mission. Are you the only ones that made it out?"

"Yes," Kristy said.

"Shit," Cummings muttered. "The Commander won't be happy that Gerda's dead."

"There's a lot for the Commander to be unhappy about," a redhaired dickgirl with tits almost as big as Kristy's said from the rear corner. She was wearing leather body armor whose tightness did nothing to hide her sexy curves (or her massive erection), and had a whip coiled on her belt.

"This is Sienna," Cummings introduced the redhead.

"What's your deal, Sienna?" Angie asked, eyeing the leather-clad babe's erection longingly as her own cock grew to match it.

"I'm a cleaner," Sienna said. "I'm here to help Cummings fix things, and then I'm headed back up to the Sex Star."

"Oh," Angie said. "Can I suck your cock before you go?"

"Now's as good a time as any," Sienna said with a grin, detaching the part of her armor that covered her crotch with surprising ease and freeing her 13-inch dick.

While Angie sucked her off, Becky went down on Officer Cummings; the other dickgirls started groping, kissing, sucking and fucking each other in a sort of free-for-all. Soon, the floor of the van was covered in a thick layer of cum and pussy juice, as well as milk from the breasts of Kristy and Sienna, who lactated every time they came.

The orgy continued right up until the girls reached their destination, a rather large and ostentatious beachhouse. "Wow," Tiffany said, whistling appreciatively as she looked around. "Whose place is this?"

"Technically it's the Commander's," Sienna explained. "But he doesn't ever come down to the surface, so he lets me and some of the other higher-ranking dickgirls use it when we're on Earth. Gerda's hosted some orgies here, in the past."

"Someone should go back up the Sex Star and report to the Commander," Cummings suggested.

"I'll do it," Kristy said. "I'm the highest-ranking member of Gerda's team left, it should be my responsibility."

Sienna nodded in approval. "Good," she said. "Come back when you're done so I can play with those lovely tits of yours, though."

"Count on it," Kristy said, smiling.

"So, where are we going?" Melissa asked after a few more minutes.

"My place," Lisa panted in between moans of ecstasy. She was sitting in Stephanie's lap, and the dickgirl had about 12 inches of her 19-inch cock inside the doctor's pussy. She was moaning too, as Lisa bounced up and down on her massive dick.

"Here," Janet said, turning into a parking lot. The apartment complex they had pulled into was high-end, and rather expensive-looking.

Stephanie let out a muffled scream as she filled Lisa's pussy with cum, and Lisa cried out herself as the dickgirl's spunk triggered her own orgasm.

With that done, the girls made sure their clothes were back on straight, exited the van and headed into the building. There was some groping and kissing during the elevator ride on the way up, and then they were entering Lisa's luxurious apartment.

"There's not room for all of us to sleep here unless we sleep 5 or 6 to a bed," Lynn said, "but we can hang out for a while and figure out our next move."