 Team 1 emerged into a clearing to find another group of 8 girls standing before them, looking around at the forest. "I have a bad feeling about this," the bespectacled one said.

"You should," Summer informed her as she strode past Team 2 and tried the door. Sure enough, it had locked behind the second group of girls. She walked back over to stand with her teammates.

A tall, leggy girl with a nice, natural-looking tan broke off from the rest of Team 2 and walked over to Team 1, extending her hand. "I'm Joy," she said.

Priscilla took a few steps forward and shook hands with her. "Priscilla," she introduced herself.

Everyone got to know everyone else after the two captains broke the ice. Then Leigh Ann gestured with her gun and said, "Exit's that way."

"Through the forest?" Vicky asked, sounding worried.

"Don't worry, Leigh Ann's an excellent woods guide," Priscilla said.

"I've not experienced much nature," Vicky said.

"Ain't nothin' natural about this place," Leigh Ann muttered.

"Still, I... I work in a skyscraper," Vicky said.

"Good for you," Tina said, slapping Vicky on the rear. "Now move your ass."

Vicky glared at her, but started walking after Team 1.

The brambles were the first obstacle the girls faced. Even after being warned by the other team what it was that they did, the members of Team 2 were surprised just how horny they got.

Erin immediately grabbed Tina and started fucking her after they were out of the thicket, and Priscilla did the same to Angela, bouncing up and down on the dickgirl's cock and riding her for all she was worth.

Summer very shyly approached Stacey, who helped the redhead get over her shyness by passionately kissing and groping her. Soon enough, they were fingering each other in addition to kissing.

Shannon started eating Joy out, Danielle went down on Lorraine, Kim licked Leigh Ann, Brandi ate out Vicky and Lena serviced Katie. After each girl who was being licked had cum, they switched positions with their partners and made sure they were satisfied too.

As the girls recovered from their orgasms, they looked around to get their bearings and saw what Team 1 had seen previously... a large number of woodland creatures with big, hard cocks. The girls, still horny from the brambles, eagerly made sure that each dick was well taken care of... then, drenched in cum, they continued on through the forest.

"There are going to be some dryads next," Summer informed the members of Team 2.

"Dryads? Cool," Stacey said.

"That's what I thought, too. But they're not on our side," Summer said. "We should decline any offers they make, unless we want to get fucked again."

Something -- or multiple somethings -- crashed toward them through the underbrush. "I thought dryads would be stealthier than that," Stacey remarked.

"That sounds too big to be dryads," Leigh Ann said, turning and pointing her gun in the direction of the noises. The other girls all followed suit.

Something off behind the treeline -- but very close to the path -- squealed in what sounded like mortal agony. Then a woman emerged from the trees, holding a long, thin white object that was sharp on its bloodstained end in her right hand. She was medium height, lean and athletic, with curly brown hair, sharp and watchful hazel eyes and C-cup breasts, and wore what appeared to be a loincloth. She placed the butt of her makeshift spear on the ground and leaned on it, but her positioning would tell those who had combat experience that she was anything but relaxed or complacent.

"Who are you?" Leigh Ann demanded, not lowering her weapon.

"My name's Sarah," the woman said. "I used to be on Team 2."

"No you didn't," Lorraine said. "I'm on Team 2, and all our members are present and accounted for."

Summer winced, but resisted the urge to yell at Lorraine for ending a sentence with a preposition.

"I said I used to be on Team 2," Sarah said. "60 years ago."

"There's no way you're that old," Joy said. "You look my age!"

"People age slower here," Sarah explained. "I think it's because they want to keep us beautiful as long as they can. Jimmy, you can come out now. They aren't going to hurt you."

A teenage boy walked out of the woods, holding a smaller, but no less lethal-looking spear. Like Sarah, he was wearing what appeared to be a loincloth fashioned from animal hide.

Several of the girls attempted to cover their nudity in response to the male presence, even though Jimmy didn't appear to really notice. Perhaps he was desensitized to female nudity, considering the place where he lived.

"Now, about how old would you say my son is?" Sarah asked.

The girls all gave their answers, the most popular one being 14.

"Jimmy is 51 years old," Sarah informed them. "The Sex Star's anti-aging features -- whatever they might be -- slowed his development." She didn't mention that her breasts weren't always the size they were now -- while on the Sex Star, 'pregnancy boobs' were a permanent condition once one became pregnant -- or that she had never stopped lactating, even after Jimmy was weaned. She was hoping she could prevent any of them from being knocked up.

"So why should we trust you?" Leigh Ann pressed. She was one of the few girls who hadn't lowered her weapon, along with Lorraine, Danielle, Lena and Vicky.

"Because I don't want you to have to stay," Sarah said. "In case you haven't noticed, this isn't exactly an ideal place for a woman to be. Your dickgirls might fare a little better, but they won't exactly enjoy their time here either... I imagine that being the low dickgirl on the totem pole really sucks."

"But if only one of us can leave..." Summer started.

"That's not necessarily true," Sarah said. "Keep working together. Don't let them turn you into each other's enemies, you've got enough enemies already."

"Speaking of enemies, where are these dryads that Summer mentioned?" Tina asked.

"They're afraid of me," Sarah said, gesturing vaguely but quite meaningfully with her spear. "They've probably moved deeper into the forest... I doubt you'll have to worry about them. Jimmy and I will make sure you have a clear shot to the exit."

Sure enough, no creatures bothered the girls for the rest of their time in the greenhouse. Every once in a while, something would bellow or screech in the woods, but the noises only sounded pained a couple of times... the other times they just sounded really far away and completely unrelated to the girls.

"The creatures probably attack the dryads," Summer stated as the thought occurred to her. "We might be able to turn that to our advantage if we ever find ourselves back here." The door into the greenhouse looked exactly the same as all the other doors aboard the station... it was fairly likely that they would accidentally wind up returning.

Priscilla turned back to Sarah and, on the spur of the moment, kissed her. Sarah did not resist, and after a couple of seconds started kissing back. After about a minute of making out, Priscilla reluctantly pulled away. "Thank you," she said.

"Hey! I helped, too," Jimmy pointed out.

"Yes, you certainly did," Tina said, pulling him close and kissing him, not even minding that much when he started groping her breasts.

But Sarah minded... she pushed Tina back with the butt of her spear.

"Hey, no fair!" Jimmy pouted.

Sarah ignored him, pulling Tina off to the side. "He's still a virgin," she whispered as the other girls moved closer to listen. "You can, no doubt, see why I would want to keep it that way as long as I can."

It occurred to Stacey first. "You don't want him to be like The Commander," she said.

"Actually, I'm worried that he'll be worse than The Commander," Sarah said. "Having lived through 5 decades of atrocities... if the temptation proves to be too much and he does go bad, he's already got a pretty good idea how to go about it. He can build on and improve already existing forms of evil and make everything even worse."

It was a sobering thought, and it was met with a full minute of silence before Priscilla finally spoke. "If we can prevent that happening, we will."

Sarah nodded her thanks, looking overcome with emotion. She slapped the panel on the wall, and the door whooshed open, allowing the girls to exit the greenhouse finally. Joy turned back around to ask Sarah and Jimmy whether they wanted to come with, but there was nobody there... they had already disappeared into the trees.

As the door whooshed shut, each of the girls felt a strange sensation of being in two places at once, and then they weren't in the first place anymore. Somehow, they had been moved to elsewhere in the station, and separated back into their constituent teams again.

They looked around. The room they had been transported to appeared to be some sort of arena. There were stands filled with cheering dickgirls, many of whom were already stroking their cocks. "I have a bad feeling about this," Stacey said.