 Chapter Two: Surrender

"Gladly," he spoke simply as he held her wrist, this time with a gentler touch. 

He pulled her along into the caves. They traveled on for quite some time easily leaving the upper Underdark, before they came to a stop. "We'll rest here for now," he told her simply, sitting down on the ground as he watched her intently.

She leant against the wall looking a little miserable. She faintly glowed in the dark compared to him, like a ghost. She had her arms wrapped around her waist as her blue eyes struggled still to adjust to the complete lack of light.

He chuckled at her helplessness and walked around a bit, setting up a sort of camp. With a wave of his hands and a few incantations, he had activated a scroll he carried with him, it instantly brought up a medium sized tent. "Take my hand Serena," he ordered as he put his own hand on top of hers. Her eyes were filled with fearful suspicion as she stammered, "What's that?"

"I'm making it a little easier for you tonight, but expect no such treatment in the days ahead," he told her with one last warning, leading her to the small tent. When they entered the tent it became obvious that it was much larger on the inside, and in it was a plush bed with dimly lit candles.

Her back stiffened as she let out a small sigh of relief at such a sight. She ached for a soft bed, but feeling the heat of him at her side, she wanted to squeak in terror too.

He pulled her along, still smiling as he sat on the bed, pulling her down to sit as well. "Sorndyndar, that's my name if you were wondering," he told her finally as he stared at her, that look once again on his face. He had decided to give her something tangible to hold onto for now.

She blushed, beet red as she shifted once, away from the nearness of him as she murmured, "Sorndyndar...is that what your friends call you?"

"Friends?" he asked, chuckling at the very thought of a friend. "My allies may call me Sorn," he told her as he moved closer to her still. He enjoyed how she shied away from him, how she acted quite fearful of him.

He could see the panic on her face as she realized he was matching her. She held her hands out, voice shaking, "Please, Sorn, let me be."

He chuckled, catching her around the waist and pinning her hands to the bed, hanging over her. "Why are you still so afraid?" he asked, amused by her. "I have yet to hurt you," he said as he drew closer to her, breathing in her scent.

She whimpered, writhing beneath him as she cried out, "Please, please get off of me..." she stammered, shivering beneath him as tears threatened to fall, "I can't do this!"

He didn't let her go, instead coming down to kiss her lips deeply. His tongue lapped at her lips, begging for entry and taking it as they parted in invitation. He began to press himself against her, his baser instincts getting the better of him as his arousal and lustful desire built up.

Her breath caught, as if preparing to moan in his mind before her teeth came down on his bottom lip and she bucked beneath him defiantly. 

He pulled his lips away, laughing at her as he continued to pin her. With a show of how powerless she was, he let go of one of her hands. Using his free hand, he began to undo her skirt, watching her eyes, staring into them with his own red ones. Both acts were meant to show her how powerless she was under him. 

She shook her head, nailed fingers slamming into his face as she continued to fight, her strength draining as she started to panic.

With a growl, he bent his head, biting down hard on her neck as he pulled her bottoms off forcefully, almost ripping them as he did so. She froze, the pressure of his teeth on her neck making her hesitate. Now his hand came up to grab at the hem of her top and she snapped out of it.

"Please don't!" She stammered, her free hand catching his as she shook her head, tears running down her face.

He ignored her, pulling the top down enough to reveal her breasts, as he slowly began to suck and nibble on her nipples, teasing her.

She whimpered, shifting beneath him as she sobbed, he had her effectively pinned in a darkness she could barely see through.

He sucked on her breasts, licking and teasing her nipples, his hand reaching between her legs to stroke at her dewy opening as he chuckled deep in his throat .

"Ooh!" She cried, her eyes widening in maidenly shock as she tried everything to stop him from trying to close her thighs to lifting her knees.

He stroked at her opening more and more, teasing her legs apart with his own before pressing a digit inside of her, biting on her breast, fighting her down as he continued.

"Oh no!" she groaned, heat racing up her spine and belly as pain nagged and ached from her breast.

Soon a second finger joined the first inside of her as he continued on, exploring and massaging her insides.

She shook her head, shaking with a moan as she was touched in such a new way. Sweat had broken out on her body and her lips trembled. 

"Don't fight it," he cooed, fingering her teasingly as he kissed and nibbled down her neck.

"Please...please..." she begged, her breath ragged as she pondered what she was begging for anymore. Her neck was wet with his kisses and licks, the cool air making her shudder beneath him as he moved.

His fingers pulled out of her slowly as she felt his hard shaft grind against her opening in their place. He had undressed while she was in the throws of passion. 

"You're begging for it?" he asked teasingly as he grinded against her again, kissing and nipping her breasts. 

She shook her head, "-oh! No..." she whimpered in confusion, her voice dropping to a hush, "I've...I've never..."

He pressed the head of his cock against her opening as he smiled wide. "First time for everything, now isn't there," he teased as he slowly eased inside of her.

She winced, a sweaty look of panic on her face as she bumped her head against his muscled chest as he stretched her nearly painfully, her pussy slick from his touch and her face strained as she waited.

With a moan, he slammed into her hard, breaking through as he moaned loudly. "Mmm, so tight!" he moaned out as he kissed her deeply.

He felt her tense with muffled pain as he kissed her, a tear or two streaming down her face as she adjusted to him. She was shaking badly, as sweat etched her skin

He pushed his member in to the hilt as he released the kiss, busily stripping her of the rest of her clothes as she adjusted to his size.

She shivered, nipples stiff and long and blonde hair splayed across the bed. She watched him, her eyes wide as she continued to feel him throb inside her.

With a sigh, he pulled his hard member out of her slowly; stopping so only the head remained inside of her. With a smile, he slammed it back into her hard, burying it to the hilt once more.

She winced, not from pain, but from the effect that it had on her. She raised her hands to her face to cover how mortified she was, her elbows swaying as they shook.

He smiled as he began to thrust into her slowly, but hard. He lowered himself to moved her arms aside, wanting to suck once more on her hardened nipples.

She moaned her lily-white legs splayed on either side of his black ones as he sank into her. Her breasts stiffened and ached as he sucked on them, her arms twitching as they wrapped around his head from the stimulation.

He suckled on her breasts as he continued to spear his shaft inside of her; continuing to increase the pace, going harder. With a moan, he released her breast looking into her eyes as he continued to fuck her.

They were glazed, her mind on the new sensations rippling through her from below as she arched her back in a moan.

He kissed her deeply, losing himself more and more as he continued to pump; moaning into her lips as one of his hands took her own, intertwining their fingers.

She sighed, their bellies against each other each time he drove himself into her, her breath so light and quick he could hardly hear it, her pussy clenching around him sucking at him as he drew in and out.

He moaned loudly as he stayed close to her, seeming like a true lover as he kissed her cheek and then her ear. He moaned out gently as he continued, his thrusts becoming harder and harder. "Serena!" he moaned loudly as a spike of intense pleasure gripped him.

"Aah..." she sighed with a cry, her face a muddle of awe and confusion as her climax hit her forcibly, "SORN!!?"

"SERENA!" he moaned, thrusting deep inside of her as he came hard, pushed over the edge by her own climax.

She threw her back into the covers of the bed, crying out as it seemed her pussy tightened and his cock grew far too large. She felt raw, complete, on a hairpin, ready to collapse, ready to explode, all for a few momentary waves.

He moaned again, kissing her as he continued to ride his orgasm. Feeling that need for her, that search for what was missing, and his loneliness finally come to an end. He felt the mask of his people's ways fade and shatter, his true character bubbling to the surface. It was a trueness of self finally surfacing with the introduction of these new feelings. 

She whimpered, falling fast to an exhausted low, her legs wrapped around him and her hands resting on his dark sides as she breathed for the first time since entering the tent. Confusion held her in shock; she had fulfilled the prophecy...

"Serena," he sighed as he kissed her lips lightly stroking her cheek as he hugged her closer to him. "I don't understand this feeling that's welling up inside me," he confessed as he continued to hold her.

She lay still, staring up at the dark roof of the tent as she whispered, "I- I can never go back again"

"Would that really be so bad?" he asked her as he rolled off of her, pulling her on top of him as he kissed her lips. "Would staying with me really be so bad?" he questioned with a pained look on his face.

She shook her head, fear of hurting him in her eyes as she whispered, "There is something I need to tell you." 

Before footfalls were heard outside the tent out in the cave, and a voice growled in its authoritative femininity, "We know you're in there, so you might as well come quietly..."