 The capital and the largest city in the entire kingdom was Witherkeep, famous not only as a residence of the Queen and her court, but also for a huge amphitheatre and a rich commercial and industrial districts. Unfortunately the distance between Laerinia's court and the capital was too significant for her or for Aeriella to travel more often. Whenever one of the ladies set out for such a journey, they tried to hit several birds with one stone.

The main reason for elf's latest expedition was to help Armenia, an old friend of Aeriella and former apprentice of Laerinia, who run a business in The City and had fallen into some trouble recently. But the sorceress also planned to execute several minor commercial and diplomatic deals in Witherkeep itself and along the Queen's Highway that lead there. This was the widest, smoothest and most of all safest road in the entire kingdom. For that reason there was no need to take the four drow as protection, two men working as coachmen and servants should suffice. But they would not be Aeriella's only company, Ephra the descendant angel of Sune would join the elf as well. The angel had been in the realm of mortals for relatively short time, but had already managed to help Laerinia seal a pact with Sharess, the goddess of Lust. Yet she did not have that much experience with actual people, their communities and settlements, a trip to the capital itself seemed the perfect way to fix that shortage.

Aeriella and Ephra looked like sisters, at 180 centimetres they were of the same height, had a similar athletic yet full and feminine built, same light blonde hair colour and comparable length as it reached beyond their shoulder blades. The angel had one size bigger breasts than Aeriella's E cups and slightly more toned body, the elf obviously had pointy ears, their faces were not identical either, but there were a lot more similarities than differences. The ladies decided to carry on the sisterly theme and dress in matching outfits. Aeriella wore a white catsuit and golden knee high boots on ten centimetre heels, while Ephra had a golden catsuit and white boots. The suits were made of thin but durable material that could adjust to external temperatures accordingly obviously the fabric was magically enhanced, but most of all it looked incredibly sexy as it tightly encased their bodies.

The ladies had a chest full of other clothes they planned to wear in the city. 

A long time ago the elf had received a present from an artifact merchant called Dariush, it was a ring of shapeshifting. Its might was not unlimited, but it still had significant power; one could only take shape of an intelligent humanoid, it allowed its wearer to grow up to three and a half metres or to shrink down to one metre, one could change the colour of the skin, facial features, the built and musculature. Sex of the wearer could not be changed, but some internal modifications were possible, for example the capacity of the vagina. The sorceress did not expect to need to use it, but she was precautious enough that the ring had became a constant part of her everyday jewellery.

Aeriella and Ephra would be spending each of many nights ahead in the roadside taverns. Such a trip was usually uneventful, they would tease some men who stayed there for a rest, then maybe invite their servants to join them in their room for a while (they had picked two truly well endowed men) or sometimes just spend the night on their own. But things rarely go as they are planned, on the fourth day of their journey the ladies met lady Seraphinia, an old friend of Laerinia whom Aeriella had befriended as well.

The noblewoman was a tall amazon-like beauty in her mid-twenties. Her riding boots had heels as tall as those of the blondes and she was overall five centimetres taller than them. She had a flurry of long, fiery red hair. There was no doubt that she was a warrior, not a pampered countess. She wore a riding outfit consisting of tight breeches and short tunic, the clothes underlined her strong thighs, thin waist and broad shoulders. But she did not have a manly built, her hips were wide and round, her breasts sizable and firm. Her physique and demeanor screamed strength and confidence.

But Seraphinia's youthful appearance was misleading, she had what she called a "blessing curse". In reality she was not much younger than the elf, but in order to remain that way she had to have sex at least once each day; the race or gender of the partner did not matter. For that reason she always travelled with at least a dozen of man-at-arms as companions. Aeriella had learnt about that "curse", but Ephra was oblivious; of course as an angel of Sune the goddess of love she would not disapprove of such behaviour.

"Hey blondies! Where are you going?" the noblewoman asked cheerfully in a loud voice, she seemed to be unable to use normal volume of speech.

"Hello Serra, we're going to Witherkeep."

"To The Capital itself? You hear that boys?" she addressed the last question to her companions "do you want to go to Witherkeep too?"

A loud cheer was an answer, when it died out Seraphinia continued:

"So it seems that we're going with you. We'll help you fight the boredom of the travel."

That was the quintessential Seraphinia, she might have been old, but behaved as reckless as a nobleman's youngest son. Maybe eternal youth was a curse after all.

Expanding the company helped fight the boredom for sure; from that point onward every night was a miniature orgy, not necessarily a free-for-all each night but there was a lot more sex than Aeriella and Ephra had initially intended; not that they would complain about it. Apart from that the travel was overall uneventful and ultimately the company arrived at the gates of Witherkeep. The ladies found a high-class tavern to stay, but were surprised how busy all the places were and how much that had raised the prices. The men carried their gear inside, but after that the entire bunch had the time off. The first things to do were to wash off the dust from the road and change into something fancier, Aeriella and Ephra managed to convince Seraphinia to put on a sexy dress instead of remaining in her perverted version of combat gear (otherwise known as lvl 99 armor).

Aeriella planned to visit Armenia first and see what the trouble exactly was. With Seraphinia as an unexpected companion she was no longer necessary to serve as Ephra's guide. 

The ladies had a whole chest full of clothes, among them many sexy dresses, and they were happy to share them with the noblewoman. She was slightly taller, had broader shoulders and smaller breasts, but there must have been something that would fit her. Seraphinia eventually settled on a relatively simple tight mini dress, it was strappy and had a deep cleavage giving a generous view of her C-cup breasts. The item was black but had a golden lining and several more straps going for top to bottom and on the sides in that colour. Despite the dress being short there were two additional minor slits on both sides further exposing Seraphinia's muscular thighs. The item was tight and nicely hugged her firm buttocks. On her feet the noblewoman wore a pair of over-the-knee golden gladiator heels (the one semi-warrior motif of her outfit) on a thirteen centimetre stiletto heels. Contrary to the dress these were shiny and flashy. Seraphinia being herself chose not to wear any lingerie.

Ephra's dress was significantly different, the only common feature being over the shoulder straps. The cleavage was not nearly as deep, but since the angel had F-cup breasts, if appeared that they were as exposed as Seraphinia's; the dress had a low cut back. The bottom part was long and asymmetrical, it was designed to look as if the cloth was wrapped around the hips. There was a long high slit which ended only few centimetres below the crotch, it exposed nearly the entire front of the left leg and over half of the right one; on the back side only the left calf was exposed. Of course a lot more skin could be observed when Ephra walked. The entire dress was beige and though it hugged her hips and waist tightly it had a light loose feeling to it. The angel wore a pair of black and white heels on the thinnest thirteen centimetre tall stiletto heels, the part of the heel that is attached to the shoe was shaped like a claw of a bird of prey. The shoe had a pointy toe and it was basically the only part of the foot it covered, there was a wider strap around the ankle and few strings that held it in place. Underneath the dress the angel wore only a lacy thong in a matching colour since a bra would not fit with the dress; her huge breasts were perfectly firm anyway and did not require any additional support. Though as she walked on her killer heels the bouncing of her breasts attracted a lot of attention and competed for it with her long legs.

Aeriella had the most flashy dress of the three, it was a white sleeveless mini with no cleavage and a covered back; what made it stand out was the fact that it was made entirely of lace. The part covering the elf's breasts was opaque and the patterns in the skirt part were denser, but if someone looked close enough they could notice the white G-string underneath. Intricate patterns covered the entire dress, but in other areas they gave a generous glimpse of the skin underneath. Just like the other ladies Aeriella did not wear a bra, her breasts were only one size smaller than Ephra's but equally firm. On her feet the elf wore a pair of golden strappy sandals, their design resembled Seraphinia's shoes, but they reached only to the ankle, the heels themselves were identical though. Aeriella was the only one who opted to wear stockings, these were sheer white hold-ups, simple and so thin as to be nearly transparent.

All ladies put on some jewellery, with the elf wearing the least, she looked flashy enough without too many sparkling items.

Seraphinia already had a general outline of the tour she wanted to take Ephra on. The noblewoman laid it out to Aeriella, so that the elf would know where to look for them when she was done with her business.

The sorceress went directly to Armenia's place; the streets were filled with people, among them many beautiful woman, but the elf still managed to attract a lot of attention. Aeriella was not a vain person, but she was aware of her own good looks and enjoyed being admired.

The sorceress used the knocker on the heavy wooden door that lead to Armenia's house and patiently awaited response, few moments later an elderly elegant servant opened the door. After a brief introduction he apologized for Mistress Armenia's absence, she was expected to return around the noon on the next day. Aeriella just said goodbye and set out to fulfill other businesses she had in the city. But another surprise awaited there; in every place she visited people recognized her, but also politely asked if she could please return after the main event of the pony races, since they were terribly busy at the moment. It was not a huge problem for the elf, she had planned on staying a while longer in the city anyway. What startled her the most was her own ignorance, the whole pony racing thing was clearly an important event and she was completely oblivious to it; at that moment she felt awfully provisional. There was nothing else for the sorceress to do than to join Seraphinia and Ephra and have some fun.

The three ladies spent few hours just roaming around the city, checking the shops, the artisans, watching a mime on the square for a while etc. As the evening came they decided to spend the rest of the day in a tavern, not the one they were staying at though. This one was called "The Merry Melodies" and had a band playing, it was a good place to not only eat a dinner but also have some fun. The meal was of course accompanied by a cup of wine and another cup followed soon after.

All three of the ladies were extraordinarily tall and the heels they wore made them taller than most men in the tavern. But the people of Witherkeep were anything but shy, the girls received plenty invitations to dance and accepted most of them. The men were often rather touchy, but the ladies did not mind that. They truly enjoyed teasing and had not decided yet, if they wanted to return to their room with a male company. 

A slight change of theme came thanks to one man, he was middle aged, well-groomed and wore expensive clothes.

"A cup of the best wine available for you, ladies, if you dance for us on the table" he exclaimed loudly, so that more people could hear him.

The proposal was backed by a loud cheer from all the men. The girls have had few cups of wine already, so turning down the proposal was not an option. They picked the largest table and the man assisted them as they stepped onto it via a bench. The band started a slower tune and the ladies began to waver their bodies; they quickly got into the all-out-tease mood and their motions became pretty brazen. Seraphinia was perfectly aware that the men sitting closer to the table could notice that she was not wearing any lingerie, but if something like that would bother her, she would have worn the lingerie in the first place. 

The band soon realized that it would not be an ordinary dance and did not speed up their tune. Aeriella and Ephra were facing each other, their bodies were centimetres from one another, their hands were rested on the other's shoulder and waist, but were slowly drifting towards other regions. Seraphinia was right behind the angel and held her palms on the blonde's hips. The trio was swaying their slender bodies in the rhythm of the music while at the same time exploring one another's bodies with their hands; it was more than just a dance, but not yet an erotic show.

At some point Ephra and Aeriella kissed, it was slow and sensual, they continued to waver their bodies; the audience went wild, the men started cheering, whistling and clapping. The women did not end their show though; after their lips parted the angel turned around to face Seraphinia. The women more or less repeated the previous pattern in the new configuration, it ended with another kiss which was met with equal enthusiasm. That was not the end of the show either, the ladies swapped places with Aeriella getting into the middle. The sorceress stood sideways to the other women with her legs in a wider stance. Ephra and Seraphinia squatted down and began to caress the elf's long nylon covered legs. Their hands roamed slowly from the ankles to the slender calves, the knees, the strong thighs; they stopped at the hem of the dress, but their fingers ventured slightly under the fabric. Then they set up for a return journey, this one was longer since their palms zigzagged over the firm thighs. Both girls went up and down the elf's legs once again, then they stood up and shared a three way kiss which was met with even more enthusiastic response from the audience.

They got off the table once again assisted by the man who made the proposal which started the entire spectacle. He had already brought three cups full of the best wine obtainable at The Merry Melodies. The band started a quicker tune and the party returned to its previous pace, but the overall temperature remained risen.

"That was a magnificent spectacle ladies, you clearly have both the beauty and the spirit. Let me introduce myself, my name is Theodore."

The girls introduced themselves as well, invited Theodore to their table and flirted with him for a while. He danced with each of them, but surprisingly was not nearly as touchy as the other men in the tavern. He might have had a dirty mind and deep pockets, but behaved more like a gentleman, only a little bit more though.

Despite the flirting and the wine the three ladies eventually decided to return to their room on their own. Of course they did not go to sleep right away, there was still Seraphinia's curse that needed to be taken care off...

When the bells all over the city began to ring out the noon Aeriella went to see Armenia again, this time the other two ladies accompanied her. The woman had returned home only recently but seemed genuinely glad to see the guests. The warm welcome included hugging and kissing on the cheeks.

Armenia was a buxom woman, to say the least, but since she was still young her body was not sagging in any place. To emphasize her curves she wore a corset that not only narrowed her waist, but also lifted her huge E-cup breasts. She was of average height, so was dwarfed by the present company. Her long black hair were tied in a ponytail and her skin remained pale as always; during the summer she had to take good take to protect herself from the sun. Her face was pretty but also rather common, apart from her large round blue eyes no detail of her features stood out.

"In your letter you asked for help, Armenia" said the elf "but before we get to that matter I need to ask you about something. What is that pony racing that everyone keeps talking about?"

"Funny you ask that..."

"Why?" the sorceress was visibly confused.

"Because I need help with that particular event."

"You need our horses?"

"No, there are no horses in Pony Racing, it's all done by humanoids. From different races, no pun intended, but all on two legs."

"You got us intrigued, but you'll need to elaborate."

"Long story short: after moving to Witherkeep I thought about offering my magical skills for lease and maybe opening a magical shop. But the competition was fierce and I eventually found the job simply boring, not the high magic all students fantasize about. By the time I realized that, the Pony Racing business was booming. I began by tending to the ponies with my magic and enhancing their diet with potions. In a relatively short time I ran a small stable of my own. And in a time that wasn't much longer I lost nearly everything. I wouldn't ask you for help, but even after selling my ponies I'm still in debts."

"Selling ponies? But slavery is illegal!"

"It's just a professional jargon. Ponies mean athletes, stables are quarters, selling means cancelling the contract prematurely in which case the new employer pays me a compensation."

"Oh, I understand. But if it's the debts that are the problem, why didn't you just ask for money in the letter? We would've sent you some."

"Money would've just paid the debts, but I'd be out of the business anyway."

"So what kind of help do you expect from us?"

"Well... in order to remain in the game, my stables need to participate in the nearest Race and there's no way to hire professional ponies on such a short notice..."

"You want US to be your ponies?!"

"I didn't know that you'd bring such company, Aeriella, but if all three of you could run you'd be saving my life. Figuratively speaking of course."

"That sounds crazy but before we say yes or no we need more details."

"Sounds fair. Let's go to the stables and I'll show you the harnesses, that is the outfits."

As the trio followed Armenia she continued the explanation:

"To be more specific the sport is chariot racing, ponies pull the chariots and who comes first DOES matter. There's a huge gambling market regarding that. There are one-, two-, three-, four- and six-pony rigs, each run on a different day and obviously the larger the rig the more prestigious the race. Three is already a pretty serious league. Here's a complete harness."

The first thing to be put on a pony's body was a bodystocking, it was sheer and thin, had long sleeves but was crotchless and fully exposed the breasts. Next was an actual harness which was made of several leather straps, three were horizontal - one just above the breasts, second just below them and a third around the waist; two vertical straps held the harness over the shoulders and the last main one went in the middle from the top horizontal strap, all the way down across the crotch and back up on the other side where again it was attached to the upper strap. 
