 The title is pretty much self-explanatory as to what this story is about. :P It's meant to be lighter than most of my other work and touch upon a few tropes and memes because of its tone. Everything is all in good fun! :P

o0o

Tyler stared across the fence at his neighbor, admiring the curve of her rear end as she bent over to water the rosebushes she'd planted along the western corner of her house. She'd only moved in a few months ago, and already had her yard looking like a landscaper's dream.

In comparison, his yard... eh. Lawn-mowing was kept to a comfortable limit due to the fact that much of the yard was covered in concrete or asphalt, due to his landlord's several cars and assorted automotive projects. The rest of his yard was scraggly grass with the occasional weed. He looked back. Mona had used flat stones in strategic designs to create a deck that seated several pieces of lawn furniture. Much of the rest of the yard was taken up by more intricate stone and brick-work, along with strategically-placed beds for the herbs she grew, and the fancy flowers she'd bought from whatever gardening shop she used. As a result, she actually had little mowing to do, most of it in the front yard. 

Mona's place had an ethereal feel to it. There was something in the patterns and choices that Mona used for her stonework that was almost alien, but he chalked it up to her artsy imagination. His attention wandered back to her rear end, which was hugged by a pair of thigh-length khaki shorts. A form-fitting blue short-sleeved shirt and bare feet completed her outfit.

Damn, but he'd love to tap that ass. Her red hair was tied back in a ponytail, and he imagined grabbing hold of it as he pounded into her.

As if she'd read his mind, his neighbor turned around, hose still aimed at the bushes, and regarded him with a faint smile.

"Hey, Tyler. Lovely day, isn't it?" she asked conversationally. He gulped and nodded. They'd gotten to now one another on a casual basis the last few months, since Mona had suddenly moved onto the lot next door, and almost overnight, the house that was being constructed there was completed. The cul-de-sac they both lived on was relatively quiet, mostly people who wanted to stick to themselves, and large tracts of forest or grassland interspersed with the remains of concrete from long-demolished buildings surrounded the small neighborhood.

He wondered what brought her to a place like this, especially as she seemed to be living alone, but she'd never volunteered that information to anyone. But she didn't make trouble, so if someone wanted to wonder if she tortured people in her basement or something just as lurid, they had little grounds for it. She kept her grounds scrupulously clean, followed the informal quiet hours, and had no pets which she let loose around the neighborhood like old man McCluskey.

"Not too bad... though I'd rather be laying in the sun than working," he chuckled. Oh my god, that was awkward, he immediately berated himself, not wanting her to think he was lazy. He'd intended to do the mowing earlier, when the morning was still cool but had gotten called into work. He'd gotten home an hour ago and per his agreement with his landlord, he did the mowing. Might as well get it over with, especially since the grass was getting a bit high.

"There's always work to be done, isn't there?" she asked dryly. "But there needs to be time for play. How would you like to come over tonight for dinner and some beer?"

Holy shit, holy shit, he thought. She's actually inviting me to dinner?

"I hope I didn't offend?" Mona asked lightly. "You seem surprised."

"N-no. It's a nice surprise. I'd love to come!"

"I'm not much of a cook, I'll admit. But how about pizza?"

"Oh, absolutely!" Heck, he'd rather have pizza than go to some snooty restaurant.

She smiled and tapped her chin. "How about I provide the beer and dishes, and you come over with pizza?" she asked.

Oh my god oh my god oh my god!! He felt like a fanboy, and could not help but imagine himself as an anime character, doing a squeal while jumping up and down.

"I would think one pizza, and an order or two of bread-sticks wold be enough for the two of us?" she asked casually, unaware of his pounding heart, or so he was certain. If he'd noticed the faint smirk on her lips, he'd have been disabused of that notion. 

"Um. Yeah, that sounds absolutely great! Is there anything else I could bring?"

"Yourself?" she teased. He chuckled, feeling a faint blush on his cheeks before running his fingers through his frizzy dark brown hair. The hair that some people jokingly referred to as a Jew-fro could get especially wild on days like this. Growing it longer to keep in a ponytail had been a hassle, and he didn't like having his hair too short.

"Um, yeah. Obviously. You'd be bored if it was just the pizza, right?"

"Or I could have the pizza to myself," the redhead shot back playfully.

"Aw," he pouted. She laughed at that, and it was music to his ears.

"So say around eight? Soon as you get the pizza, come on over."

"Awesome! See you tonight!"

Mona smiled at him before walking away, her rear end flexing under her shorts before she looked over her shoulder, regarding him with an impish grin.

Oh yeah baby. He hadn't been sure what he'd do on this Friday night. Hit a bar with some of his friends, go see a movie, walk around town... but an evening with Mona was the best idea by such a leap that it left all the other options in its dust.

o0o

Mona had been observing her neighbors for months. The neighborhood was made up of a varied lot, with a couple of families with young children, some older folks, a few young adults in college or just moved from home rooming together, and a few immigrants. She'd observed a variety of behaviors in this pocket of the world, as well as in the bigger cities and the like. She'd gone on trips into various cities over the world in an assortment of disguises, doing her research and studies that would benefit her race.

She was not the only researcher who had left her home-world, but her work concerned a sort of situation not often considered by the common person. Her world did not need to harvest minerals or slave labor from Earth. Their intentions were peaceful - at least, mostly. They had no interest in war, but the leaders of her home-world were insist that a solution be found for their problems. And so she was here, having established her base of operations in this area, and collecting data from a variety of sources. 

Fortunately, it seemed, at least thus far, that this planet just might have a solution for the problems that had plagued her race. She felt that she'd gathered enough data by this point that she could move on to the next level in her research. And who better to help her than a man who was interested in her?

She'd carefully considered her wardrobe options based on what was considered sexy, or trendy, among various social strata, and had decided on something she was certain Tyler would respond positively to.

As she'd made preparations, she looked out one of her windows on occasion, seeing him mow the lawn or do some other yard work. He'd started in a T-shirt, but eventually removed that as the afternoon wore on, revealing the physique of a man who worked hard yet allowed himself some indulgences. This made for a comfortable appeal, the effect of his broad shoulders softened by his warm grin. Though his stomach was devoid of the cut look of abs that some Earthlings glamorized, it was still relatively flat, and if the hints she'd seen in the past were any indication, his male parts were at least average-sized. As far as physical attributes went in a healthy male Earthling, Tyler was a good specimen.

She stretched out across the couch and picked up the book she was currently reading. Earthling novels were as varied as the people that populated the planet, and she'd come across some excellent, and some simply terrible novels.

At five minutes after eight, she heard a knocking. She smiled to herself as she set her book down on the coffee-table before rising to her feet.

As she opened the door, she looked up at him. Cradled in one arm was a couple of containers from a pizza franchise popular in these parts, and in his other hand was a bouquet of flowers.

"Oh, Tyler! How nice! Come in, leave your shoes there, and sit, just put the food on the table and I'll go get a vase for these flowers." She pulled back to let him in, ever aware of his admiring gaze as he moved past her. She'd chosen a casual black and green dress that ended just above her knees, and displayed a tasteful bit of cleavage with a sweetheart neckline. Under the dress was several items she'd obtained from Victoria's Secret. One of the things she found amusing about this world was how before the Internet had become so easily accessible, some men had pleasured themselves to Victoria's Secret catalogs. And even now, the sight of women in lingerie still had a powerful allure on most men.

She retreated to the kitchen, finding a place for the flowers before coming back out with two plates and napkins, and making another trip for beer and Gatorade. She'd observed him drinking the beverage several times, and set a bottle in front of him.

"You've had a long day, and you look a bit tired," she said with a concerned tone. He did look a bit peaked, even though he'd showered and changed into a pair of comfortable black jeans along with a comfortable button-up shirt. As if like her, he'd been trying to a balance between looking nice and casual.

"Did you read my mind? I ran out of Gatorade yesterday and hadn't had the chance to swing by Wal-Mart!"

She chuckled at that. "Women's intuition, I guess. But it is good for you, so enjoy." She set the drinks down on the table and he reached out, grabbing the orange drink and screwing off the cap before taking a deep swig.

"Nectar of the gods," he declared. She'd let her hair down for tonight, and flipped her hair over her shoulder, mindful of the sudden hunger she saw in his eyes, and the way he took another gulp of the drink. He'd positioned himself at one side of the couch, and she slid down to the other as she opened the pizza and bread box, placing one slice and several bread-sticks on her plate. She let him enjoy his food for several moments, dipping her bread in the tub of garlic butter that came with the meal.

"I thought perhaps we could watch a show or movie?" she suggested after the two of them made a bit of small talk about his job and some neighborhood drama.

"Sounds good to me, what did you have in mind?"

"There's plenty of good shows," Mona shrugged. "Why don't you pick?" She wanted to see what kind of taste he had. As she handed him the remote, she moved a bit closer. He turned his head and looked down at her. His eyes shifted from her face along her body, and then back to her face.

Yes. He was aroused, but unsure of whether he should act upon it. At least he was trying to be a gentleman, and she decided to reward him for his effort. Grabbing his other hand, she led it to rest just above her knee.

"Um... is this a date?" he asked, and she could feel the heat through his hand. The corners of her lips quirked in a slight smile.

"Do you want it to be?"

An eager nod was his response, and he seemed to have forgotten the television entirely as he stared down at her. "Yeah, I really do."

"Good." She glanced at the television for a moment before returning her attention to him. "Would you rather have sex than watch TV?"

He spluttered a bit and stared at her with wide eyes. "A-are you serious!?" He all but shouted as he looked to her.

"I would not ask if I was not serious." she replied calmly. He nodded and set his plate down.

"Damn, Mona. I always thought you were cute, but I wasn't sure if someone like you would go for someone like me..." He looked down at his hands, where his nails were chipped, his fingers and palms callused by the work he did.

"You're not polished or manicured. You don't put on airs." She recalled some of the men who had tried to seduce her. Wealthy businessmen, vain playboys, desperate posers, and the like. "What I see with you is what I get, and believe me, I like what I see," she purred.

"You sure do know how to make a guy feel good." He regarded her with one of these grins that she found endearing. "But I'll work on making you feel good."

"Let's finish dinner first, you want to build up some energy for later, yes? I want to have lots of fun!"

"Yes, ma'am!" He dove into his food with gusto, having worked up a healthy appetite over the afternoon, and punctuating it with swigs of the Gatorade, his beer all but forgotten. Mona finished her pizza and had a couple more of the garlic bread-sticks. Fortunately, this planet had many foods which were compatible with her biology, making it easier to set up a home here. And Earthlings had such interesting foods!

As intended, the Gatorade that she'd augmented worked through his system, helping to replenish the energy he'd spent that afternoon, as well as increasing his endorphin levels, bringing on a powerful surge of arousal. She did not miss how he shifted around, tugging at his jeans as his male organs responded to her presence and the chemicals in his system. She regarded him with a faint nod of approval as he drank the last of the Gatorade before letting out a satisfied exhale.

"Dinner good?" she asked, rubbing her palm from his knee to thigh. He nodded quickly, and looked down at her hand. Her own gaze had moved to his groin, where there was a definite bulge of his male flesh against the denim.

Mona rose to her feet and took several steps across the room, looking over her shoulder at him and giving him a beckoning nod. He was quick to follow, his gaze fixed on her, his desire easily read in his expression. He ran his tongue across his upper lip, and she smirked.

She ascended the stairs, and she could feel his heated stare as her rear end swayed gently. The second-floor hallway led them to a large and comfortable bedroom at its end, a bit nondescript to the eye of an interior decorator, but very well-suited to her purposes. There were no photographs on the wall, and there was not even one knick-knack or personal memento visible, but if Tyler ever made note of this, he was quickly distracted by Mona's choice in bed.

It was a four-poster, wrought from what appeared to be metal rods, giving the room a slightly sci-fi look. A desk stood on legs of the same design as the posts of the bed, but the softness of the carpet and the apparent comfort of the bed took the edge away from the otherwise harsh look of the metal.

"Nice. A bit steam punk, kind of," Tyler commented as he looked at the metal accents. She smiled and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to the floor around her ankles. She had on a black lacy strapless bra, with matching panties and a garter belt that held up a sheer pair of stockings.

An odd sound met her ears, and it took a moment for her to understand that it was Tyler expressing approval and pleasure in a moan. His hands fumbled to his belt, trying to undo the leather strap that held up his pants... though it looked as if his straining erection would have needed no assistance in keeping his pants where they were.

"Fuck, Mona. I can't believe this is actually happening. Damn, you're gorgeous as hell." His voice was thick with need, and Mona found herself responding to the various signs of arousal he was displaying.

"Oh, this is happening." She raised an arm above her head, imitating one of the poses she'd seen in one of the Victoria's Secret ads she'd seen. Her hip jutted to one side, emphasizing its curve as well as the way the garters stretched across her pale skin. She batted her eyes at him, regarding him with an encouraging nod.

His efforts to undo his belt took on a sudden frenzy for a second before he managed to undo the strap, and he wasted no time in undoing his button and zipper as he tugged the fabric down his legs, jerking one foot when it was momentarily stuck in the cuff of his pants. Righting himself, he undid the buttons of his shirt and shrugged it off, revealing a plain white tank top and a pair of red and blue plaid boxers. The thin cotton of his underwear did next to nothing to hide the erection that seemed like it would tear through the last of its confines.

He closed in on her, and she allowed him to pull her in for a kiss and hug. One of his hands made its way to her rear end, and he cupped it, pressing her body to his and allowing her to feel the evidence of his need against her lower stomach. His tongue caressed her lips before she gently broke the kiss. Without preamble, she reached down to grope him, feeling him pulse under her grip.

"You have a really nice cock," she purred as she tugged at his underwear, finally allowing his cock to spring free, standing proudly for her. She pumped it like she'd seen done in the pornography she'd seen, reaching down with her other hand to massage his balls.

He wiggled around a bit to slide his underwear down his legs, and was quick to remove his tank top, her hands moving with him when he worked on getting his socks off. The hand that had been caressing his balls moved up to his chest, and he was compliant under her ministrations, standing there while she stroked his chest and stomach.

"Would you like to remove my underwear or should I strip for you?"

"I... I think I might end up tearing something, I can't think straight!" he admitted. She nodded and stood on her toes to kiss his cheek.

"Sit on the edge of the bed, and enjoy the show." She smiled as she brought to mind a striptease video she had watched, humans had so many interesting sexual practices, although some of them were surprisingly similar to some that her own race practiced. She started by slowly undoing the clasps of her garters, rolling her tights down her legs one by one. He leaned against the post at the foot of the bed, idly stroking himself as he did so.

She undid her garter belt before slowly undoing the clasps of her bra, and tossed it at him. He rubbed his face against one of the cups lightly as he looked at her, giving a playful grin before not-so-subtly inhaling the scent of her skin off the undergarment.

Her hips undulated as she danced around in the black panties, and as she turned her back to him, she shimmied out of her underwear, her ass bouncing as the thin material fell to the floor.

o0o

The endorphins thrummed through him at full force, and Tyler was lost in ecstasy, and the promise of further ecstasy as Mona danced before him, pale and lithe, her chest bouncing a bit, her ass swaying. His cock was as hard as it ever was going to be.

"What is it you like to do, Tyler? Kinks, fetishes... a bit of spank and tickle, hm?" He grinned at that, he'd certainly had a number of fantasies, some realistic, some not. He wouldn't deny that he could be a bit of a lech, and considered his sexual appetite and pornography use healthy. After all, he treated women with respect, and refrained from sexual talk in situations he understood were inappropriate, but having this sexy woman in front of him, hot to trot and asking him what sort of things he liked, had his brain in a state of near overloading.

He tried to formulate a response as she slowly approached him, her hips swaying. He noticed a cute little thatch of red hair above her slit, but she was otherwise bare. The sight of her navel drew him in, and he leaned down to kiss along her stomach.

"Whatever you want, if I can have more nights like this..." he said without thinking, his lips continuing their path up to the underside of her breasts, where he nuzzled one.

"Oh? I can do anything I like?" she asked with a throaty purr as she ran her fingers through his thick, curly hair. She found the texture to be pleasing. He peeked up at her adoringly from between her breasts before nodding eagerly, pressing his lips firmly against the side of her breast, cupping his large hand over the other.
