 Mona looked outside her kitchen window, seeing if Tyler was up. One of his roommates was headed to work, strolling down the driveway, decked out in his uniform, sans visor. The house was quiet for a while, Tyler's other roommate tended to sleep late, and sometimes Tyler himself did. They were an average trio of bachelors, young men trying to find their way in the world while living independently from their parents. As Mona understood, Tyler and one of the other guys were cousins, and the third was a longtime friend of said cousin.

On occasion they'd been a bit loud with weekend parties, but overall they were decent enough neighbors. After doing a couple of light chores, she looked outside again, wondering just what he was doing now, and what his thoughts were of the previous evening. His response to her experiment had been even better than she'd hoped for, and if there were more males like him...

She smirked as she wondered how her queen would react. There were men out there bigger than Tyler, and she did not doubt that one of these men, after the proper enhancements, would make a splendid offering to Queen Vypraxxi. But Tyler... she intended to keep for herself.

o0o

Tyler lay in bed, groaning and desperately stroking his cock. He'd come twice already this morning and it wasn't enough. For sure it felt good, but without her, he wasn't quite sated, and his balls still ached with pent-up cum that had accumulated through the night while he'd slept, dreaming of Mona. After a third orgasm, he took refuge in the all too brief relief, stretching out.

Finally, he got dressed in a pair of loose cargo shorts and a retro Ninja Turtles t-shirt, as well as flip-flops, making himself a quick breakfast and trying to distract himself with video games, hoping he would get called in to work. No suck luck was forthcoming, and as he felt his cock push against his shorts, he decided to just go over to Mona's house.

Striding across the lawns, he stepped onto her porch and gave the door a quick rap. Mona was there almost imediately, the door swinging open to reveal the redhead standing there wearing nothing but a thin satin robe that hugged her curves. Tyler was almost certain that his cock would just tear free of his shorts at the sight, and swallowed thickly as he stared down at her.

"Well, fancy seeing you here, big boy. What's a pretty little thing like you doing around these parts?" she asked in a playful drawl.

"I-I'm sorry Mona, I can't bear it... P-please make me come again!" He practically begged, resisting the urge to push his way inside and climb on top of her. She grinned and stepped aside to admit him.

"Guess you want more of what I gave you last night, huh?" she asked. He nodded eagerly, reaching down to fondle himself after she closed the door.

"Oh god, yes. I didn't mean to barge over here without an invitation, but I'm so damn hard for you. I tried jacking off, but it just seems to make me even more horny." God! Tyler prayed he didn't sound too whiny from having blurted that out.

"I think that much is obvious," Mona replied, her gaze drifting down to his hand. Warmth rose in his cheeks.

"I'm sorry... Please don't be mad... I really, really need this... it's never been like this before, I swear."

"Oh believe me, I'm not mad honey, if I were mad, you'd definitely know it..." She undid the knot that held her robe closed, letting the garment fall open as she stood there, letting him see the valley of her breasts and her red pubic thatch.

Almost without thinking, his hands fumbled to undo the button and zipper of his pants, pushing down the band of his boxers as he did so. His erection was quick to present itself, straining before Mona, like the needle of a compass.

She smiled and walked down the room and up the stairs, beckoning to him. He did so eagerly, cock bobbing as he pushed the fabric further down his hips to give his cock and balls more room. He watched the sway of her hips and the flex of her ass under the thin fabric.

"I have a new activity in mind." she said as she led him into her bedroom. "How would you like it if I fucked you?"

He nodded almost desperately as he recalled what she'd done with the vibrator. If it would make him cum, he wouldn't have cared if she shoved her fist up there.

"P-please Mona, I can't stand it any more..."

"... Can't stand what?" she asked with a purr, letting the robe drop from her body, leaving her naked as she pushed him onto the bed. He fell back without resistance, an eager sound escaping his mouth as he registered just how much her purr resembled that of a cat's own.

"M-my cock... It's too hard... My balls are too full of cum... Oh god I can't get them empty enoigh on my own!"

"Well, sex is much better when you share with someone else... masturbation gives quick relief but it does not satisfy..." She flipped him over and yanked down his pants and underwear, pulling them past his ankles and tossing them to the floor, leaving his ass bare while his cock pressed against the bed.

He nodded into the mattress and moaned, grinding the head of his cock into the mattress desperately as he drooled.

"I-is it time for the probe again?" He asked, a mix of eagerness and nervousness.

o0o

"Yes. But I have a bigger one this time." she said with a grin. Backing away from him, she quickly retrieved a device that the females of her race often used in sex. At a quick glance, it would appear to be a double-ended dildo, used to penetrate someone else, much like a strapon but without the belts to hold it in place.

It was a favorite among females of her homeworld, especially the ones with a more aggressive bent. She pressed a button on the underside of the curve, and slid one end into herself, pressing up so that when she withdrew her hand, it looked much like she was sporting an erection. The powerful inner muscles of a female could easily hold that end of the toy within themselves even when roughly penetrating someone else.

Sometimes females might engage in play with one another, and use these extensions as a substitute for what a male partner might do.

It was not exactly a penis, but for what she wanted to do, it would serve its function. Her fingers slid along her opening, where slickness seeped from the filled hole, then along other end of the toy, where nearly ten inches of alien engineering could vibrate or pulsate on command. Stroking some of her own juices along the shaft, she looked down at him before starting to nudge at his puckered opening.

o0o

He gasped at the sensation, burying his face int he pillow as he wiggled his hips a bit, pressing back."Oh god... Oh god oh god oh god what is that...?" On a subconscious level, he knew that what had happened the previous evening had not been entirely normal, but his psychological defenses had bolstered themselves with the very real pleasure he'd felt.

These defenses were crumbling as he looked over his shoulder, seeing a lack of belt or straps around her shapely hips. The curve of his ass kept her groin just out of sight, but the movement of her hand made it seem like she was masturbating a penis - if she had one.

"It's what I am fucking you with." She purred as she slid in. He could not help but arch against her, his body welcoming the intrusion as his cock strained against the sheets. Horny as he was, he came almost immediately, clenching around her. The tightness intensified around his prostate and he gave a sharp whimper as he felt the wetness of his cum against his cock as he wiggled against the sheets, her hands on his back as she pressed her hips down.

"Yes! Fuck me!" he groaned. Maybe he wasn't the one fucking her right now, but he didn't care, this felt nice also, and he arched again, pressing his ass upward. "I'm all yours, Mona. Fuck me hard, please!"

He hadn't minded prostate stimulation in the past, and had even gone so far as to allow himself to be fucked by a strapon a couple of times by an ex, but now he ached to be fucked by Mona. Whatever she had in him was a decent size, leaving him feeling comfortably full. Even having just come, his cock remained hard.

"Oh, is that so? You want me to make this ass mine?" she asked, leaning down to nibble his ear.

"I'm all yours! My ass, my cock, whatever... just keep it coming!"

He writhed against her, the side of his head buried against the pillow as she took him up on his offer. She bore into him relentlessly, to the point where he knew he'd be sore, but oh god, it was incredible, his prostate taking in every thrust and stroke, intensifying the ache in his balls. A second orgasm was son forthcoming, and it was not until after that, that she slowed down, leaving him a panting, whimpering mess. He clenched around her, still hard, his limbs quivering as he tried to keep his lower half propped up on his knees for her fucking pleasure.

She did not stop, not that Tyler was about to complain, especially since it allowed him a third orgasm.

"Enjoy that?" she asked with a growl as she pulled out of him, and he let out a slow breath.

"Yes. Fuck, yes."

o0o

As she pulled out, Mona noted the pleasant ache of her own womanhood, and tugged the toy out, setting it aside as she studied him, seeing how he shivered in pleasure and need. Approaching with a towel, she leaned down, reaching under him to wipe the majority of the mess off the sheets as well. His cock twitched as she lightly brushed against it with the back of her fingers.

Excellent. The lingering arousal Tyler had felt all day had been one of the effects of the enzyme she'd given him the previous night. In the long run, he would become aroused much more easily, so he would be putting his other enhancements to very good use.

"That... was incredible," he groaned. He relaxed his legs, lowering himself onto the bed, legs splayed out a bit, slickness visible on his thighs and ass from the lights. She turned away from him, about to climb off the bed when she heard his breathing lapse into a quiet snore. She grinned and looked back, seeing that he'd apparently passed out from the pleasure.

"Computer, note. Tyler has lost consciousness." She rolled him over and tugged the shirt off over his head. He stirred but did not fight, obediently lifting his arms a bit to facilitate this gesture. Some of his cum stained his stomach and thighs. Where his face before had been a mask of agonized need and blissful pleasure, it was now one of relaxed bliss as he wiggled around, settling in.

She pulled up a blanket, letting him sleep as she pressed her lips to his brow. She had seen this in a movie, and it felt nice doing it. She sat and worked on her computer as he slept, working out the next stages in her experiment and making note of what had happened during this session.

When he stirred awake, she would have drinks for him to keep him hydrated. He dozed for nearly half an hour before he stirred, arching and stretching as afternoon sun angled in through the window.

o0o

Tyler stared up at the ceiling for several moments, needing as much time to remember where he was. There'd been that awesome night with her where they'd fucked one another's brains out, leaving him horny, making for a somewhat restless night and morning. Then when he'd come here, she'd fucked him, and he'd cum so hard from that.

"Mona..." he breathed.

"Here. Would you like something to drink?" came the sweet reply. His gaze moved from the ceiling. She was seated in an easy chair, her hand moving over something he'd ever seen in movies.

A holographic keyboard. Or one made from light, or lasers, or whatever it was, and instead of standard letters, he saw a script that came close to something between a combination of Arabic and Japanese, the lines twisting and cutting through space in combinations he'd never seen before. Her hand moved quickly, 'tapping' against various keys, and above the keyboard floated what was presumably a screen, except there was no frame. Words - at least, he figured it was safe to assume that was what they were - filled the space above and to the right of the keys.

He did not answer her question, and stared for several seconds, wondering if he was just seeing things, or the afternoon light was reflecting off something. The more he saw her hand move, and the green and blue lights of the letters and outline of keys... there could be no denying it. He recalled what she'd done the night before. She'd actually jabbed him with a needle, and injected him with something. The effects of that injection were pretty obvious now as he thought about it.

"Mona?" he said quietly. His lips felt dry, and she quickly rose from her seat, clad in her robe again. He stared after her and watched her quickly come to his side with a bottle of Gatorade.

"Here, drink this. You'll feel better."

He managed to pull himself up a bit, and she opened the bottle, tipping it gently against his lips. Grateful for the reprieve, he took several long gulps before he shook his head.

He glanced over at where the glowing letters remained suspended in the air. "What are you... an alien?" Suddenly, the way Mona had so quickly moved into this neighborhood made sense. She'd appeared almost overnight...

She smiled a little. "When you thought it was pretend at first, I decided to just go along with it, see how you enjoyed it."

"More drink, please." This time, he was able to hold the bottle himself, and took a few swigs, letting the sweet flavor slide down his throat. "...So. Um. You're a hot alien babe from outer space, huh?" He tried to sound casual, and oddly enough, it seemed to be helping, a bit. She nodded as she sat at the edge of the bed.

"Does everyone in your race look like that? Human, I mean?" he asked quietly. She shook her head slowly.

"No. This is just a disguise, a shell. I can't walk around in my real form now, can I? I need to blend in so I can do my research."

"Can I see it? Your real form, I mean?"

She stared at him for a moment. "Are you sure you want to see? You might find it unappealing." Now there was a slight edge of nervousness to her tone, something that gave Tyler mild surprise. He nodded eagerly.

"After the fun we've had, I'm hardly going to give a shit about your external appearance. Far as I'm concerned, you're gorgeous, regardless. I want you, Mona. Even now."

Their eyes met before she glanced down to the slim silver bracelet he always saw on her left wrist. She tapped a finger against a certain area of the metal, and the image flickered and blurred - something he'd often seen in the special effects in science fiction movies that wanted to show this kind of technology - before twinkling out. The resemblance she bore to the sexy alien females in the Species movies was more than a passing one, although the palette of colors her skin displayed ranged from mostly red to orange with some magenta and gold.

His admiring gaze trailed along her firm curves, limbs lithe and supple, ridges along certain areas of her flesh that though seeming insect-like, only enhanced her beauty. Her hair now resembled black and magenta dreadlocks, though smooth, and he longed to reach out and touch them. Her tits looked almost too perfect, with gold-tinted areolae sitting perkily atop the red-orange mounds.

Instantly, he was aware of his half-hard cock quickly straightening. It became hard so quickly it was almost painful, and he shifted around.

"How can you be so beautiful?" he asked quietly.

"Do you really appreciate this form so much?" she asked, sounding distinctly pleased. He nodded eagerly as she drew closer, and he scrambled to his knees to approach the edge of the bed. His dick aching between his legs, he leaned up to kiss her stomach as he placed his hands on her sides. These hands slid down, fingers tracing along her outer thighs. Fuck, but she was gorgeous.

He felt her shudder in response, and her hands slid to his shoulders. She moved closer, and instinctively, he pulled her onto the bed. She offered no resistance, and looked up at him with pale golden eyes, streaks of silver and darker gold near her slitted pupils.

"Let's just say that you're the sexy alien girl of my dreams. Hell, just about any guy would feel that way about you, I think." His hands slid along her hips and stomach before cupping her breasts.

"You're not afraid?" she asked, though he didn't hear any displeasure in her tone.

"Because, it's you." That was all there was to it.

"I like that. You're not only open about sex, you're open-minded about other things. A quality people of this planet needs more of."

"I'm also open to cuddling and snuggling," he replied cheerily. She laughed softly at that and touched his cheek, resting her palm against it. Without thinking, he leaned into the touch.

"On my homeworld we do not really do that or even have a word for it. Which is sad, because I am really liking this." She wrapped an arm around his middle.

"No cuddles? That's sad." He made a playful pouty face, but his tone was sincere.

"It's fine. I can bring my research back there and show them the benefits of cuddling."

He lifted his head, finding reason amidst the throbbing signals his penis was giving him.

"What are you doing here, anyway? Taking over the planet?"

She smirked faintly at that. "No. We have no need for conquest, but our society is... stagnating. Our males also have a notably low sex drive, and mainly are only interested in it for the purpose of procreation. Females on the other hand are more dominant, physically and sexually. Basically the opposite of most cultures and races on your planet."

"And what you did to me... that has something to do with that?" he asked hesitantly. She nodded.

"We have tried medical intervention on our males, but that only makes it worse. We leave them alone until it's for breeding, but that leaves us with urges that need to be satisfied."

"And what do you intend to do with me?"

"I've grown fond of you, I must admit. Under my care, sex would become even more enjoyable for you. And no, I don't want a slave. But you would make a very good pet..." She reached up to rumple his hair. As she did, she wiggled against him, reminding him of his aching need.

"I'll be your pet if I get to fuck you," he shot back half-teasingly.

"Mmm, that's what I was hoping to hear," Mona replied with a low growl. She reached down to take firm hold of him, and he pressed against her. She tugged him forward as she shifted around, and soon enough he felt the tip of his cock press against hot slickness. Needing no further encouragement, he shoved forward, giving out a groan of delight and relief as he felt her hot tightness clamp around him. Her hands trailed along his sides and back as she made encouraging noises, moaning his name or panting out for more as he increased his rhythm.

"Fuck me as long and hard as you want. You earned it," she panted, grinding back against him. His balls ached with need that had pent up quickly during his nap, and he groaned happily as he climaxed, spilling seed within her as he continued to thrust into her, not ready to give up. He was doped up on adrenaline, or whatever she had done to him. A small, rational part of him knew he should be concerned about an alien doing experiments on him, but so far, there'd been plenty of benefit to be reaped.

He was longer, thicker, his orgasms more powerful, and his body more sensitive to erotic touches. Of course, there was also the whole 'having a hot alien babe to fuck' thing. He'd fantasized about alien girls ever since he saw the Species movies for the first time.

When he wanted to roll her over so she could get on all fours, she was quick to obey, and he brought his hand down to give her a few light spanks. She growled at him playfully over her shoulder, and he grinned as he positioned himself, wrapping his hands against her hips and riding her with gusto.
