 Chapter 4

Marcus couldn't sleep. For hours he had tossed and turned trying to sleep until he finally gave up. He couldn't get that woman out of his mind. He would bet his fortune that she cared for him, but she wasn't allowing herself to get close enough for him to find out. He got up out of bed and stormed out of his room, down the hall towards the bath house. When he had designed the villa he had created an elaborate bath that looked more like a hot spring that stayed lush and green all year long. The roof of the bath house was the night sky giving it an exotic look like something out of a dream. Green trees and craggy rocks were littered around a large pool that acted as a bath for the entire household. There was even a small waterfall where the nearby stream was redirected to flow through the room, constantly providing fresh water to the pools.

He walked in and inhaled the moist air into his lungs before he looked towards the bath and stopped in his tracks. For a moment he thought it was a goddess or a water nymph in the pools of warm water, before his eyes focused in the darkness. Her long auburn hair was shining with the moonlight reflected off her damp tresses. The soft light making her pale skin almost white with hollowed shadows. Her hands ran back through her hair as she stood in the waist deep water, exposing the slender curve of her throat as she tilted her head back and let the rivulets of water trail through her hair. 

Marcus was instantly aroused from the beautiful sight. In retrospect he never remembered moving but he was suddenly entering the water from the far end of the pool, hoping she wouldn't hear him. Lucky for him she was too involved in her own thoughts, her own inner turmoil to hear him wade into the water. It wasn't until he was right behind her that she realized there was another presence there. She turned to him, her eyes glaring daggers as her arms moved up to cover her breasts, instantly backing away from the figure before she could register who it was. 

"I see I'm not the only one that couldn't sleep." He said in a hushed tone. She calmed as she realized it was him, but continued to move farther away from him. "Diana please...don't pull away from me." 

She shook her head and whispered under her breath, "No. We cant do this..."

He kept advancing knowing with a few more steps her back would be against the stone wall of the side of the bath. "Why not?" Just then her back touched the rock wall and he couldn't help the smile that curved his lips. He moved one hand to lean on the rocks behind her, his eyes never leaving hers. She looked back at him and seemed as if she started to say something but the words died on her lips.

"Am I so terrible to be around?" he asked with a knowing smile. She shook her head and looked down and began to protest but he cut her off "Then what is it?" She bit her lower lip and would not meet his gaze lest he see the indecision in her eyes. He leaned closer so their bodies were nearly touching in the warm water. "Whatever it is I wont let it hurt you anymore." She closed her eyes and fought against the tightening in her chest, wanting to believe him. Wanting him to keep her safe. But she reminded herself she didn't need protecting. It was him that needed to be protected from her. 

He moved his lips closer, brushing them softly over her ear and whispers "Give me a chance Diana...please..." She felt as if her heart would break as his arms gently circled her and brought his body flush against hers. She could not deny she wanted him but she knew she should pull away. But her body betrayed her, merely wanting a single night in his arms. To pretend that it all would be alright and ignore the future. He saw the longing in her eyes and he gently moved her arms from in front of her breasts to around his neck, pulling her so her she was as close as possible. Marcus just held her for what seemed like a long time, taking in the features of her face, memorizing the curve of her lips and the color of her eyes in the moonlight. 

It was Diana who eventually closed the distance between her lips and his. His hands began to move over her figure, learning each curve, each scar, each place that caused an intake of breath when he caressed her. His hands moved lightly over her breasts, cupping them as he pulled his mouth from hers and trailed kisses down her neck and over each breast in turn. Worshiping her with his mouth as if he was paying homage to the very goddess incarnate before him.

Her hands slowly began to explore his body, the curves of his muscles, the sharp angle of his hips, the rhythm of his heart beating in his chest. She had completely given in to him, allowing herself this one stolen moment in his arms. One of his hands slowly slipped down her stomach and lower caressing the most intimate part of her body. He was amazed that there was little hair to cover her most intimate regions, just enough to show her true hair color was red auburn. 

She moaned softly, burying her face against the curve of his neck as he teased her. She couldn't remember the last time she had felt such arousal. Her heart was thudding in her chest and her breathing came in quick pants against his moist flesh. She cried out softly as his fingers parted her body and one finger slid intimately inside her while another teased over the bud of her pleasure. Her knees nearly buckled and he pressed her back against the stone wall to hold her upright. Her cheeks were flushed and her chest heaved as she struggled to draw air into her lungs. 

In a bold move Diana moved her hand between his legs and her fingers trailed up and down his length. She learned him with her hands for several long moments, that were a pleasurable torture to his senses until he could no longer stand it. He groaned and used his free hand and pulled her soft hand away from his body. 

She looked up at him and whispered "Why did you stop me?" and tried to move her hand back but he pinned it to the wall beside her head and whispered in a hoarse voice

"Because I wont last if you keep going and I want this time to be for you." Accenting his words he slid another finger deep into her body, curling gently to caress her most sensitive regions. All thought was lost to her at that moment, nothing but a pleasure more intense than she had ever felt coursing through her. Marcus released her hand and she moved it around his neck, running both hands through his hair as she tried to keep her balance as her legs refused to hold her. "Let go Diana" he whispered "Let me love you." 

His fingers moved faster and he trailed kisses down her neck as far as he could before moving back up to her ears. She pulled his lips to hers and kissed him, moaning into his mouth until she was forced to break the kiss and she whispered "Please..." That was all it took. He didn't need to be asked twice. He picked her up and wrapped her legs around his hips reluctantly pulling his fingers from her pleasure center. 

He looked into her eyes in question making sure it was what she wanted. In answer to the question in his eyes she kissed him and slowly guided his length into her body. She held very still, barely daring to breathe as he filled her completely both too enraptured with the intimacy to even move. Slowly she began to move against his body, a soft moan escaping her throat. Taking her movements as a sign she was pleasured and not pained he slowly began thrusting, pressing her back against the wall so he could touch her with one hand. His hand moved over her breast, the flair of her hip and her abdomen as he caressed and explored her body. He leaned back slightly so he could see her flushed face, head tilted back and her lips parted in awe of the pleasure. There was nothing more beautiful in the world than her at that moment. 

He sped up his movements, his thrusts coming harder and faster as he was reaching the end of his restraint. Wanting her to be with him he moved his hand between her legs and caressed the tiny nub of her pleasure. He was rewarded by her nails digging into his shoulder as she gasped for pleasure. Even now he could tell she was holding back and whispered 

"Let go...Let it happen." His fingers moved faster against the most intimate part of her body he brought her pleasure in ways she had never known possible. He stared into her eyes as she got so close to release and pressed his lips to the spot just below her ear and gently teased it with his tongue. That was all it took for her to come apart in his arms crying out as her orgasm washed over her. Feeling her tighten around him and her nails digging into his shoulders in turn pushed him over the edge and he moaned as he felt his own release in a moment of pleasure so intense lightning flashed behind his closed eyes as he thrust as deeply into her body as possible. 

After several long breathless moments he slowly let her legs slide down his till she was standing in the water, but didn't release her from his tight hold. Her breathing was ragged, her breasts rising and falling in quick succession against his chest. He slowly separated their bodies and he picked her up in his arms and carried her back towards his rooms. No one was awake at such a late hour so no one witnessed the two of them, naked and dripping wet as he walked through the halls. Diana's arms wrapped around his neck as she nuzzled against him. She pushed all thoughts of regret from her mind, letting herself enjoy the feeling of his arms around her. 

They entered his chambers and Marcus walked over to the enormous bed and lay her carefully down on the silk sheets before he joined her. He curled up beside her, throwing one arm over her stomach and one of his legs slid between hers. She let out a heavy sigh and her arms wrapped around him, holding him close. She was grateful he could not see her eyes as they were moist with tears. She could see herself falling in love with this kind man if she let herself, but she did not have that luxury. She knew she couldn't stay or endanger all the people who had been so kind to her in the last months as she healed in body and spirit. She looked down at his face and moved her fingers over the side of his cheek. One night in his arms, she would allow herself that. She let her eyes drift closed with a deep sigh and she fell asleep beside him.

Chapter 5

She awoke to his gentle caresses as he leaned over her body, where he had apparently been watching her sleep. She looked up into his eyes silently as one of his hands caressed her. 

He watched her for several long moments before she broke the silence. "Why? Why did you buy me that day at the auction?" 

He looked down her body and his fingers traced some of the scars still left over from the beatings she had endured before he had found her. "Such flesh as yours should not be touched with a scourge. From the first moment I saw you I knew I couldn't let you suffer anymore." 

She moved one hand over his cheek softly and murmured "Thank you, for saving me." 

He a wide grin bloomed on his lips. "How could I let them hurt you and still call 

myself a man" he replied. 

"Then you are one of the few men left in the world my lord" she whispered. He leaned down and brushed his lips over hers lightly, then her nose, and each of her closed eyes. It was all she could do to keep from crying but a single tear trickled down her cheek. Seeing the tear his lips moved close and kissed away the salty drop before running his hands through her hair.

"Marcus," he said "I'm a general. I'm not pretty enough to be a lord in the kings court." 

She stared at him and leaned back to put some space between them so she could look into his eyes. "Is that what they call you when you go into battle?" 

"Did you not realize whose evil clutches you have fallen into?" he asked.

"I do not believe you are evil" she murmured. 

With that he laughed a mirthless laugh and muttered under his breath "I have heard what they call me, 'The Butcher.' My men like it but I abhor it." 

Her face drained of color as she heard his words and her body tensed. Suddenly she remembered why he looked familiar, memories from her life long since put behind her sprang to life. 

"Do you fear me now?" he asked "I promise to never hurt you. I can not help but do my duty as general to my king. I cant help if the other army should fail against me." He gazed down at her seeing her narrow her eyes and she was suddenly cold as ice in his arms. She tried to pull away from his arms, feeling too close to him. She saw the sadness enter his eyes but for the moment she didn't care. The hurt of her own wounds she thought had healed suddenly felt raw and fresh with blood. 

"You pull yourself...your spirit from me" he said.

She managed to pull enough away from him to sit up at the end of the bed and wrapped the sheet around her naked form. "A King can help the performances of his own generals, and his generals the soldiers." 

"What is this? What hurts you so?" He was puzzled by her cryptic remark and sat up himself. He slowly moved closer and moved his hands lightly over her arms as he sat behind her on the bed. 

"You know not what your armies do when you are not there. There is good reason people flee when they hear that the Butchers armies are coming." Her tone was so harsh that he let his hands fell to the bed. Now it was his turn to get slightly agitated.

"My personal troops are disciplined. They perform no unjust actions other then decimating the opposition. I can not be everywhere." 

She narrowed her eyes and whispered "I think you are mistaken. Men are all too often motivated by power or greed..." her voice trailed off slightly and softened a touch. "Few are as kind as you seem to be."

His own anger calmed as her words gentled but kept the firmness and he said "I fight along side my men. I come by my scars honestly." 

She did her best to not let her temper rise again. She felt so torn between rage and a feeling for him she could not name that she cursed the fates for bringing her together with this man. "And I come by my own. But some of mine are far worse then you could ever bare." It had been 14 years in captivity and those years seemed like a thousand lifetimes from all the horror she had experienced. 

As if he could see the turmoil in her eyes he leaned close and took her hand and placed it over a scar on his chest and whispered "Would you rather this Elven spear pierce my heart?" His words seemed to strike home and she knew that although for all that time she had been blaming him for her captivity, the blame was not his.

A single tear trickled down her cheek and she replied "No my lord...I merely wish justice done to those of your men who deserve it. Not to the General that does his best to follow his Kings command." He leaned forward and gently took her hand and drew her closer and she knew she should resist him, but her resolve was obliterated as he kissed the tears from her cheeks. His lips moved from her cheeks to her eyes and then finally to her lips. 

His tenderness only make the tears move faster and he drew her closer into his arms and asked in a soft almost pained voice "Diana did I hurt you?" 

"No..." she whispered as she shook her head "T'was your men's betrayal, unknown to you, that hurt me"

His eyes hardened and said in a harsh tone 

"Would you know them if you saw them again?" 

She sighed deeply and shook her head a little and murmurs "There faces will always be ingrained in my memory. But I wouldn't suggest you let me see them again. I don't know if I could control myself with so many swords around."

She watched as his lips curved into a cold, cruel smile that few had seen and lived to tell the tale. Marcus took her hand and brought her palm to his lips and replied "You would not need to sully these hands." 

Her eyes widened as she spoke in soft awe. "You do not even know what they did, yet you would readily trust my word over theirs? Or do you doubt my skill?" Her chin rose and for a moment it seemed that that flash of strength and stubbornness in her eyes was familiar to him, but he could not place it. 

He moved his hand to her cheek and his thumb brushed just below her eye. "I trust you because I can see the truth in your eyes. And the pain." A teasing smile curved his lips and he said "No I don't doubt your skill." 

Her eyes flickered with challenge and she replied "I could match you in battle, perhaps even beat you with the right advantage" but in her heart she knew they were probably quite evenly matched. 

A soft laugh escaped his throat and his lips formed a satyrs grin. "The way you match me in here there isn't a doubt in my mind." He leaned close and wrapped an arm around her and pressed his lips close to her ear. "I want to crush those who caused you pain. And I'm very good at crushing." She nodded a little silently and the fingers of one hand gently caressed his over her stomach. She remembered the time she had seen him in his rage. She prayed that she would never met him at battle, and a mirthless laugh escaped her throat as she thought that though her prayers had been answered the cost had been great. She withdrew from her thoughts as she felt him shift so he could look into her eyes. "I will protect you, until you want to leave me" he said as he brushed his hand thru her hair.

She looked up into his eyes and could see the kindness and the love hidden beneath the tough exterior and she began to wonder how she couldn't fall in love with him. Star crossed beyond belief but she felt the love there, a mere rose bud in her heart, waiting to be nurtured into blossom. To her people she had been dead for years, so what was the harm? To him she was just an ordinary elf maiden, no privilege, no wealth, no responsibility. She nodded to him and gave him the most genuine smile she could considering how torn she was in her heart. He obviously didn't notice the forced smile and he leaned down and kissed her lips.

"I have to get some work done Diana, and if I stay here any longer then I will be in bed with you all day." She smiled at that and watched him get up from the bed and get dressed. He returned the grin and then quietly slipped out the door of his room. As she watched him leave the smile she had plastered on her face melted away, leaving only the anguish she felt in her heart. 

Chapter 6

Not soon after he left Bronwyn came in with a tray of food and Diana's needlework. As if she knew she didn't want to socialize, Bronwyn left as quietly as she came. Diana worked silently on the needlework and finished the scene of the tiered castle. When Marcus came in late that night she was already in bed, pretending to be asleep. He walked in silently and disrobed before slipping into bed beside her. He draped one arm over her body and kissed her cheek before settling down for the night. She looked out the window and saw the moon rising on the horizon and knew she had to leave. It was far too dangerous for him if she was to stay. 

She carefully moved his arm off her body and slipped from the bed. She went into his closet, moving as silent as the night breeze and put on a white toga. She took a short sword from the pile of armor Marcus shed and fastened it at her waist. Lastly she took his black cloak and draped it over her shoulders. She couldn't look back at him as it felt like her heart would break so she went immediately to the door. Her hand moved to the doorknob when she felt a hand grab her wrist and spin her around and pinned her hard with her back against the door. She gasped and with her free hand went to the short sword and had it pulled and at his throat before he could blink. 

"Why? Why in Zeus' name are you leaving after what we have shared?" Marcus' voice was harsh from a pain he felt was tearing him apart. He had given her everything and she was trying to leave. He felt if he let her through that door she would take his heart with her and he didn't know if he could live through another heartbreak. 
