 "FFFUCK!" Bjørn yelled as he received another crushing blow to his shoulder. His right arm dropped to his side, dislocated, unable to even grip the training sword in his hand. Every movement sent shocks of pain up his arm and across his shoulder. As his focus shifted to his arm, his opponent came in for another attack. He hefted his shield up with his left arm, deflecting it just before it connected. "FUCK, I YIELD."

Bjørn's opponent took her helmet off, freeing her long red hair. Elne was the newest shield maiden to begin her training, but already she fought harder than most of her male peers. Her face was stern and proud, beautiful in its power. Bjørn left the yard to jeers from the other men. He would never live this down.

That night, as Bjørn rested, his right arm relocated and bandaged by his side, he noticed a figure by his door. "Who's there?" He said, sitting up slightly. The figure stepped into the light, the red hair unmistakably Elne's. In the candle's flickering light, her hair appeared to be as if on fire. This time, she was dressed in a simple wool dress, instead of the heavy armour she had worn in the yard. The wool hugged tight to her, showing off her toned body even through the thick fabric. Sighing, Bjørn settled back, his face flushing as the shame from that morning came rushing back. "What do you want?" He said, flatly, not meeting her gaze.

"How is your shoulder?" Her voice was softer than he expected.

"It'll be fine." He grunted in response, caught a little off guard. She leaned against the door frame, watching him intently, as if trying to make up her mind about something. Bjørn watched her back, noticing that her eyes often strayed from his face, taking in the rest of his body. Somehow, the green of her eyes was even brighter in the dim candlelight, and he was drawn into them. His eyes travelled down her face to her neck and chest, and then to her cleavage. They were not the biggest breasts he had ever seen, but they sat snug in her clothes, and her skin was flawless. He imagined they would fit perfectly in his large hands.

Elne's lips curling into a smug smile dragged him back to reality. His face flushed again as he realised why this woman was smirking at him. Through the thin sheet lying across his waist and hips, his erection was clearly visible. His body had betrayed him. She moved in closer until she was beside the bed. "Do you need help with that?" She said, still smiling, almost wickedly, enjoying his discomfort. She raised her hands to her chest and toyed with the fastenings.

Bjørn looked away, willing his body to behave. "I'm fine." He said, as firmly as he could, although his voice shook somewhat. His breathing had become unsteady as his arousal fought his self-control.

"Are you sure about that?" Elne stepped closer. She was close enough now that Bjørn could smell the scent of her body; a mix of soap and sweat and...something else that he didn't recognise. He tried to focus on her scent, but she had begun to trail her hand up the outside of his right leg, pulling the sheet up as she did so. He groaned with need, his erection twitching with anticipation. Her hand paused at his hip, and time seemed to stand still.

Finally, after what seemed like hours but could have only been a few seconds, she slipped her hand underneath the sheet and wrapped her fingers around him. Bjørn involuntarily raised his hips against the sudden warmth. "Fuck..." He gasped, desperate for more.

She began to stroke his cock, enjoying the control she had over him. As her hand moved along his shaft, she settled herself down on the bed next to him. Her lips brushed his nipples, kissing his chest softly. Slowly, her lips worked their way down his chest and over his toned stomach, her red hair trailing behind. Her lips worked across his waist, pulling the sheet from him and finding their way to his hard cock.

Bjørn's breath caught as her tongue traced its way up his hard shaft, circling the head slowly. Her tongue flicked against the head playfully, followed by her lips kissing tenderly, opening to take his length in her mouth. He looked down toward her; beneath her red hair he could feel his cock slowly entering her mouth. Her head rocked back and forth as she slowly took him deeper.

The warmth of her felt amazing to him. Her lips were half way down his shaft, her tongue gliding wetly against his hard flesh. He felt himself getting closer and closer to release. Suddenly, her mouth left him. "I'm not finished with you yet," she said, her lips forming that smug smile again. Elne slowly undressed, untying her dress and letting it fall to her feet, revealing her pale body; tight and muscular, her breasts bouncing with every movement, her nipples erect in the cool of the room.

She stood for a minute, allowing Bjørn to admire her. His eyes trailed from her breasts down her stomach to the patch of hair between her legs. It was the same red as her hair, and glowed in the candlelight. Elne reached down to touch herself, massaging gently. Bjørn felt his cock twitch again, transfixed on the motion of her fingers. Her wetness ran down the inside of her thigh as he watched, hungrily, her green eyes never leaving his cock.

In one swift motion, she raised herself onto the bed and straddled him, pressing herself against him, rubbing her wet pussy against his hard cock, teasing him one last time before aligning his cock at her entrance. With a growl, Bjørn bucked his hips against her, forcing himself inside her. She gasped as he entered her, feeling her body stretch around his thick cock. He reached for her with his good arm, grasping the hair at the nape of her neck, and pulled her down to kiss her roughly.

He withdrew slightly, and then thrust back into her, driving himself deeper inside her. She began to grind against him, meeting his thrusts, each time filling her body completely. His left hand moved to her breast, squeezing hard and pinching the nipple, causing her to moan in pleasure, enjoying the slight pain.

"More..." He growled in her ear, and she obeyed, riding him faster and harder, their bodies making a wet slapping sound as they fucked. Elna cried out, announcing her orgasm, as her body shook with pleasure, her cunt gripping Bjørn's cock.

The intensity of it was too much. Bjørn could feel it building inside of him, his moans echoed in the room as his cum flowed into her body. "Fuck..." He moaned, his orgasm taking over his body.

After a few moments, she relaxed and collapsed next to him, leaving a trail of cum across his thigh, catching her breath. Bjørn reached over and trailed a finger along her arm, his breathing and heart rate beginning to slow to normal. He met Elne's gaze and once again was at the mercy of her wicked smile. This was only the beginning.