 Chapter 7

It was not long till the spring flowers pushed their way through the winter snows. But it seemed to Marcus that the winter had not been so desolate with his new beautiful flower by his side. As much time as he could possibly spare he spent by Elwyn's side. He usually found her out in the gardens, even though he assured her she didn't need to work she continued for the sheer pleasure of tending the warm tilled earth. When she wasn't caring for the vast gardens in the center of the villa he usually found her sitting in the high branches of a tree with her needlework or sitting behind piles of books in the library. 

The more time they spent together, the more he saw her smile and it seemed as if some weight began to lift from her shoulders. When they were together they were always wary of the prying eyes that were all around. They rarely had time alone, as she still slept most nights in her own room, not wanting people to begin talking more then they already were. All had realized that Elwyn's position was somehow elevated now that the velvet collar around her neck was gone, but most believed it only because she had become Marcus' personal play thing. So the lovers contact consisted of casual caresses and the occasional stolen moment when all else were asleep.

He had given her free movement anywhere in the villa and all of the servants had come to accept that she was a presence that wasn't going away. Most approached her with a mild acceptance but such was to be expected considering the events that had transpired in the last fourteen years. Once the elves and humans had gotten along as brothers and sisters, lived and traded together before all had become bitter with the aftertaste of war. No longer were the elves welcome in human cities, nor the humans welcome at the Elven citadel. 

The villa soon became busy with preparations for the spring celebration of the equinox, a time traditionally when all celebrated together not as servant as master, but each as equals honoring the balance of the world. Vines were draped along the banisters and flowers of every color and shape were on the tables and draped in the door ways. Pitchers of clear cool water would be set on the table, but many would remain untouched as the wine flagons continued to be refilled. The most delicious dried and fresh fruits, cheeses and vegetables would be set at every table, though few would sit and eat a proper meal. The musicians would begin to play early in the afternoon and dancing would go on long after the lamps had been lit. 

The gaiety was at its finest during the sunset, saying goodbye to the chilled spring months and welcoming the warm days of summer. The villa was alive with music and laughter before Marcus realized that Elwyn was no where to be seen. He had been so preoccupied with the job of playing the host that he hadn't even noticed she wasn't taking part in the festivities. As he moved through the crowds, his eyes always searching for a glimpse of her auburn tresses or a flash of those sapphire eyes. He searched the entire span of the celebrations and couldn't find her. Panic welled in this throat making it difficult to swallow. He jumped as he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned quickly seeing Bronwyn behind him. He had been so lost in his thoughts and concerns that he hadn't heard her behind him. Bronwyn merely smiled and pointed towards the balcony away from the festivities, and turned to continue tending to the many guests. 

Marcus walked quickly over to the balcony and a sigh of relief escaped his chest as he saw her standing there. She wore a long blue toga that brushed the ground as she walked. The fabric, gathered at several points over her shoulders and arms with gold clasps left teasing glimpses of her bare skin. Her long auburn hair highlighted like waves of fire in the light of the setting sun that shone gold, red and deep violet behind the soft cover of clouds. 

As he walked to her, her head turned a fraction, glimpsing who it was from the corner of her eye and a soft smile curved her lips. She did not move, letting him come to her. He quietly wrapped his arms around her waist, and her hands covered his as he pulled Elwyn closer till her back rested against the cold metal of his chest plate. He pressed his cheek to hers as he silently gazed out at the setting sun, watching as the reds turned to purples, and the gold's turned to blues. When the sun finally set below the horizon he glanced back over his shoulder. The festivities were in their prime. All were dancing and the music was loud enough that the walls vibrated softly with the tune. They wouldn't be missed. He clasped her hand and gently lead her silently through the hallways till the door of his large room shut behind them.

As the door shut he pulled her to him and kissed her with all the pent up passion since their last escape weeks ago from prying eyes. She barely heard the lock click behind him as her arms moved to wrap around his neck, pulling her up into the kiss. All thought drained from their minds, falling back onto his bed as their cries of pleasure were drowned in the music and laughter echoing down the halls. 

Chapter 8

It was long after the sun had risen before she opened her eyes. She felt his arms around her and turned her head, her eyes blinking to adjust to the light pouring in the room from the open windows. How strange it was to sleep so close to another, she thought. She moved one finger down the side of his cheek softly, feeling the soft stubble that had grown during the night. Elwyn felt him shift slightly in his sleep, but he did not wake. 

Turmoil threatened to overrun her inner thoughts. But as she gazed into his sleeping face she willed herself to begin believing in hope again, and perhaps even, in love. Things that had for what seemed like an eternity been far from her reach, mere myth and fairy tales told by a glowing fire. She sighed softly and lay beside him, gently stroking his chest now and again, making sure not to wake him. She watched him sleep, admiring the contours of his face, his still youthful complexion. And even the small worry lines that were beginning to form here and there, homage to the experienced warrior he was.

Finally he shifted restlessly and his eyes began to open. She smiled as she watched the sleep fade from his eyes, looking more like a child in that awe of waking from a night of blissful dreams then the man he was. 

"How long were you watching me sleep?" Marcus murmured as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes.

"Long enough" she said with a smile, leaning close to brush a feather soft kiss to his lips. A soft groan escaped his lips and his hand snaked behind her neck, holding her close for the kiss as he deepened it. He wrapped the other around her waist and pulled her so she lay flush on top of him, feeling the morning evidence of his arousal pressed intimately against her. 

She pulled back and a soft blush crept over her cheeks as she looked down into his eyes. "Already?"

"I can never be sated when the well of life is here before me. I must drink." He said with a mischievous grin and began to place soft kisses over her neck and the upper curve of her breasts. She ran her hand back through his hair in a gentle caress and gave a slight tug, so he looked into her eyes.

"You already have my heart you rouge." He looked at her somewhat surprised, as it was the first time she had expressed that she might return the feelings that dwelled in his heart. 

"Do I Elwyn?" 

She couldn't help smiling slightly with the doubt in his voice. "Yes...you do." He leaned up and kissed her fiercely. A soft moan echoed from her throat as his hands began to wander down her body. She pulled her lips from his and began to kiss slowly down his chest, letting her hands explore every inch of his body. Her lips began to tease his belly button and her breasts brushed softly against his arousal

"Ahhh...Elwyn" he murmured. 

"Yes?" she asked with a grin as she ran her tongue over his abdomen and trailing lower, teasing him with each breath against his sensitive flesh. 

"Nothing..." he murmured as he lost himself in the sensations.

"You were about to say something. What was it?"

A shiver ran thru his body and his hands moved back through her hair, obviously having problems thinking due to her ministrations.

"Ahhhhhhh....never...mind" he gasped and he grasped her hair more firmly as she took the head of his length into her warm mouth for the briefest of moments. 

She leaned back and rested her head on her hand as if she had intentions to stopping. "No really. I want to know." 

He made a sound that was somewhere between a growl and a laugh and he begged softly "My princess, Please." 

She grinned and began to trail kisses up his thighs and she said again "My lord, It might have been important. Do try to remember." and ran her tongue up almost touching his arousal before moving down the other thigh. 

"Oh" he whispered "my mind is gone. There is only you." She laughs and continued his torment. 

She licked him from the base of his arousal all the way to the head and then blew cool air along his length watching as he clutched at the blankets. She continued to tease him with feather light caresses of her tongue.

"Mithras, Give me strength!" he swore as his hips moved slightly trying to get more contact with her sweet mouth. 

"Having problems holding on beloved?" But before he could answer she took the entire length of his arousal into her mouth, stroking him with her hands and tongue. She pleasured him expertly, feeling herself growing wet and flushed as she heard the soft sounds that escaped his throat. She began to move her mouth up and down over his shaft a little faster and he murmured

"Oh Elwyn, You are my Goddess." She began to hum softly letting the vibrations caress his arousal and the sound that escaped his lips was strained as he tried to hold on, to make the pleasure last. She leaned up with a grin and slowly crawled up his body. Her hand moving beneath her to stroke his length. 

She grinned and couldn't help teasing him a bit. "My, What a display. Did I do that? she asked innocently. Still gripping him she slid the head over her satin folds, letting him feel the moisture there. 

He shuddered and murmured in a harsh tone, trying desperately to keep control

"Well I certainly am no longer in control my princess." She grinned and guided him to her center and slowly pressed her body down over his. She moaned and sat up, giving him a clear view of his length slowly disappearing into her body. "Oh Lover, That feels so good" he whispered and arched his hips up, making her gasp. His arousal slid home, his love only rivaled by his desire, he began to rotate his hips, thrusting up into her. As she began to move his hands slid over her breasts and her stomach, caressing her curves. Her breathing began to quicken, her face slightly flushed as she struggled to make the pleasure last.

"You feel so good inside me" she whispered between her moans. It seemed neither of them had the patience for slow lovemaking and they both began to quicken their movements. His thrusts came harder, in time with her movements as she rocked her hips above his. Her moans got more high pitched, her hands pressing on his shoulders and her nails digging slightly into his flesh as she used her grip as leverage. He looked up at her, awed by the expression of pure pleasure on her face and in response moved one hand down and teased the small center of her pleasure. 

"I love you my Princess, my Elwyn." His teasing and his words was all it took to send her over the edge. She rocked her hips frantically against him until she cried out as her release washed over her. He groaned as he felt her tighten around his length with her orgasm and he turned her over onto her back as she relaxed against him. He looked down into her eyes and began to drive into her, pulling all the way out and thrusting back in as far as he could. She whimpered so sensitive after her release. His eyes never left hers as he watched a pleasure nearing pain bloom on her face. 

The pleasure blurred so much that as he shifted her body over to her stomach, she was amazed that his arousal never left he body. Her weight on her hands and knees he leaned close and began thrusting again. He began kissing the scars along her back and he could feel her tense with the sensations. He whispered in assurance 

"I love every tiny part of you Elwyn." His hand moved down her stomach and began to tease her with his fingers again so close to his own release. She would have argued with him but she too began to be lost, moaning with his thrusts. "Every...beautiful...part" he said as he punctuated each word with his thrusts. He glanced down watching his length disappear into her tight channel and he finally lost his control. He thrust into her as hard as he could, barely hearing her cry out as another release washed over her. He pressed into her, arching his back as he emptied his seed deep into her body. After several long moments they both collapsed on the bed, his still pulsing length still deep inside her as they spooned together, as close as they could get.

They both slowly calmed down, his hands softly moving over her body as he kissed her shoulders and the back of her neck, nuzzling her hair. She moved her hand up and gently caressed the back of his head.

"Elwyn I hope I please you." 

She slowly dislodged herself from him and turned into his arms and pressed close, sighing contentedly and whispers "Oh Yes. In so many ways." He pulled her close and he pressed his lips to hers softly, in a chaste loving kiss. She rested her cheek against his chest and a pang of sorrow echoed in her heart as she felt his hand slide protectively over her stomach. "I hope I please you" she said.

He was amazed after all they had been thru there was still doubt in her mind. He moved his hand thru her hair, holding her head to his chest as he whispered in her ear

"More then air, I love you more then air. Never have I felt so entwined. You make me a living man again." 

She closed her eyes tight and whispered in a trembling voice "More than children?" Her breath caught in her throat. 

It took him a moment of recognition to understand her cryptic remark. His reply was without hesitation. "This war has left many children with no parents. Could we not open our home?" 

She nodded a little and whispered. "The slavers...they used to give me something." She swallowed against the lump in her throat. "I don't know if it was...permanent." She pressed her face against his neck holding him tight, unable to meet his eyes. She felt his hand slide down her body and press against her lower abdomen.

"If the gods so bless us" and pressed his lips to her ear. "I will not set you aside my love." 

Tears trickled down her cheek and she held him all the tighter. "I'm so blessed already. The gods gave me you." She slowly looked up to him and moved her hand softly over his cheek. He turned his lips and kissed her palm and she couldn't understand why she was crying. Perhaps it was because through all the horrors she had experienced over the last fourteen years she hadn't shed a single tear in defiance to those who wanted nothing more then to hear her scream. He had stripped her down to the bones with his love, leaving her vulnerable to emotions she had long buried. 

She wept because there was nothing she wanted more in the world then to carry his children. But he was right. There were many children without parents and they could easily take in one or two or ten. Just as he leaned in to kiss her again they both heard a knock on the door of his chamber. She pulled the blanket up to cover her as Marcus casually pulled his broadsword from under the mattress of the bed, holding it in readiness.

"Who disturbs me?" he called in the voice of a commander. 

A male voice called from behind the door "Forgive me my lord. But a messenger from the king just arrived and said it was most urgent."

"Have him wait in the solar and give the man refreshment." 

A meek voice replied "Yes my lord."

"What do you think he wants?" Elwyn inquired as his hand pulled a silent rope by the head of his bed. Bronwyn came in through a side door approaching the couple. 

"I don't know, the advisors to the crown are nervous with me spending so much time near the city instead of out sullying my hands with their dirty work." He put on a toga and a leather kilt over it and slides into his chest plate, buckling on the sheath of his broadsword and sliding it home. 

She sits up and narrowed her eyes a bit "Are you going alone?" He couldn't help smiling a little 

"I'll have Caspar and Garenth, my aides de camp, with me." He then looks to the servant and says "Elwyn is now the lady of the house, Bronwyn. Find her appropriate garb if you would?" The woman bowed with a smile and left. 

Elwyn got up wrapping the sheet around herself and said "Don't you dare go doing anything rash. Especially without me." He began to see some of the stubbornness and the warrior return to her eyes and he couldn't help smiling. 

He pulled her close giving her a kiss that made her knees week before pulling from her arms. "Have you ever heard of me being rash?" he said at his best shot at an innocent expression. 

She glared at him, still slightly dazed from the kiss and muttered. "Yes. Please take me with you if you have to go to the city. No one will know me." 

He raised a brow. "Take an elf maid to the court of Earlar?" 

"I could go in disguise. A simple cloak could do that and some simple trickery. Besides no one would expect it and the King wouldn't dream it in a thousand years." 

He moved his hands over her cheeks drawing her closer with the gentle caress, trying to tell her without words she was something precious to be cherished. "I can deny you nothing. But wear a dagger hidden somewhere." 

She leaned up and brushed a quick kiss across his lips. "Let me pick a short sword and I'll be happier." 

"When Bronwyn comes back tell her to escort you to the armory." He kisses her once more before he left the room, heading down to the solar to meet the messenger.

Chapter 9

As he walked Caspar and Gareth fell into step behind him. He opened the doors to the solar, a bright room. The Messenger stood with a glass of wine as they entered.

"Now my good man, what does his highness desire of his humble general" Marcus inquired. 

"The king has requested your presence at the palace for a meeting of great importance." 

A soft growl escaped Marcus's throat and muttered "Very well. Tell him I will be alone directly in the next few hours." He began to turn and walk out when the messenger, meekly spoke up

"Sir...I have specific instruction to escort you there my lord. There is a carriage waiting outside." His message delivered the man quickly made his way out of the room while Marcus fumed and tried to figure out what Earlar was up to. 

After Marcus had left, Elwyn went into the bath, scrubbing her skin clean till she had a healthy glow about her. When she got out Bronwyn had come back with a choice of dresses and she decided on a dress of the finest green velvet with a darker green bodice on top, revealing the tops of the soft curves of her breasts in pale contrast to the dark material. Elwyn was surprised to see the beautiful gowns, not in the style of roman fashion but rather the work of great elven seamstress before the hard times befell the treaties of the two most powerful nations in the land. Bronwyn helped her dress and comb her waist length auburn tresses. She looked in the mirror and barely recognized herself. It had been so long since she had dressed to her station she had forgotten what it was to have feel velvet beneath her fingertips.
