 Prelude to "The Seduction"

*****

Stacy's whole body tensed. She whispered, "No. I can't say. He was hurting...no, get a distraction. Like last time. Oh, yeah. God I want them. They just make me feel so everything good." Raising her voice to a normal pitch, she looked Jeremy in the eye and said, "I've wanted you so bad." Licking her lips, she added, "Take a shower with me, naked, please?"

 Jeremy's jaw dropped open, and he reflexively pulled her tighter. You're beating my questioning by wrapping me around your finger!

 Kevin arrived in time to hear the question and answer. Thinning his lips in a grimace, he wrapped his arms around her waist reaching the snaps to her ruined pants. "By the way, I forgot that the pain meds also cause intense arousal," he muttered.

Thanks for the warning, bro, Jeremy thought, You're at least 12 cm too late.

 "Kevin," she said, talking over his commentary, "Can you join us? I've wanted to be in your arms ever since you threw the game console at Stephen."

 Kevin answered with a rumble, and Jeremy frowned at Kevin's hands on her clothes. They had paused for a moment, splayed across her abdomen.

 Then she sucked in her breath as Kevin pulled her pants and underpants down...with a clank from hardware yet revealed. 

 Stacy looked down at herself, "Well, huh, yeah, that's about it, really."

 The sight of her red curls compounded with her scent cascaded through Jeremy's body, and he commented hoarsely, "You really can drive a man insane, you know that, Stacy?"

 Stacy laughed feebly as Kevin shifted around to face her, snagging the front of her dress shirt, "You guys always made me feel hot and bothered. When can I see your bodies, too?"

 Kevin joined Jeremy groaning in response to this announcement, and he unsnapped her shirt murmuring, "I know what you're feeling; we'll take care of you. Lets just get you clean first."

 Jeremy shifted behind her when it was time to pull her shirt off, and he held her body flush against his own. "You're gorgeous, love," he whispered.

 He stared at her breasts, hungry and wishing with every breath that she were sober instead. He lifted his forearm to brace her, and felt them rest against his skin, a sensation that burned straight to his lengthening erection, They would feel so perfect in my hands.

 As Kevin stripped and turned on the water, Stacy's dialogue continued with no interruption, "I probably would have dumped Stephen sooner except I was afraid I wouldn't see you two anymore. I know...clearly the thought was flawed. Yeah, as flawed as dating Stephen in the first place was. But it wasn't until I saw the red-head porn that I realized someone, at least, felt similarly."

Oh, darlin you're killing me here, Jeremy thought pulling her against himself tighter and feeling sparks shoot down his spine.

 "Okay, ready," murmured Kevin.

 Pausing to let Kevin climb into the stall, Jeremy loosened his grip reluctantly and passed Stacy into Kevin's arms. Jeremy then stripped, sighing in relief. As he climbed into the shower, Kevin handed him the soap spray and continued holding Stacy with her non-stop commentary against his leaner frame.

 "But then I realized that I wanted both of you and that's really not fair to you guys...Right...And I'm crazy, too. Thanks for the reminder. Leaving the condo that day was the hardest moment I had to force myself through. Knowing what I know now, no...good point...I still had to go, but sure would have saved everyone a lot of grief in the short run."

 "Soap yourself down, too," muttered Kevin, "Then I'll pass her off to you."

 Starting at her scalp, Jeremy massaged the soap in and followed each pass with a soft caress. On reaching Stacy's derriere, her commentary cut short with, "Oh! Gosh that feels super good," and she rolled her hips in his hands. The supple curves of her gluteals grazed past his now-full erection. He gripped her hip for a moment fighting the urge to pull her against himself. Releasing his hold, he soaped himself down quickly and rinsed them both. Snagging Stacy back against his chest, a sigh escaped his lips, and he passed the spray to Kevin.

 Looking focused and hungry, Kevin took over cleaning her front. When he reached her breasts, Stacy's back arched, and she moaned, "Do that again."

 Jeremy pulled her even closer as she relaxed, causing the muscles in her relaxed derriere to enfold him. The sensation of being surrounded by her flesh flashed through him, I want to take you so bad, darlin.

 Intent on getting this over with, Kevin ignored her request for a repeat breast scrub and continued washing. When he reached her vulva, he massaged the soap between her folds, and her body quaked. "Oh, my God!" she gasped, tossing her head back into Jeremy's shoulder and revealing the bruise he had left kissing her neck from the party.

 Forcing himself to hold still, Jeremy groaned as the muscles surrounding him tightened in echo. The wave caressed and pulled on him, burning him from the inside. The muscles in his lower back joined the conflagration threatening a dire revenge if he continued to remain stationary. Jeremy moaned, "At this rate, I'm going to explode just holding her here."

 Kevin, continuing to soap her legs reiterated, "It's mostly the pain med. She's feeling really uncomfortable from arousal right now."

 Stacy licked her lips and muttered, "Here y'all are...naked...and I'm not getting laid. What the fuck?!" To emphasize the point, she shifted her hips thrusting Jeremy deeper between her muscled cheeks.

Oh, my God, more, Breathing hard, Jeremy said, "Not until you agree, cold sober, to be my..."

 "our," interrupted Kevin.

 "...our woman," finished Jeremy.

 As Kevin soaped himself, Stacy moaned, "Please? I want you both inside me so bad." Gazing at Stacy, his face frozen in a grimace, Kevin crushed the handle of the sprayer looking ready to pounce.

 As soon as she was rinsed in front, Jeremy lowered his face to her neck, licking, nibbling, and sucking hard, Our minx! Stacy snagged his hand pushed it down to her folds. Jeremy was caught, unable to resist any longer. Circling his fingers sliding along her labia, he watched her take Kevin's hand to her breast.

 Leaning down, Kevin's mouth latched onto Stacy's other breast, and she gasped, "So good!"

 Jeremy continued his intimate massage, until Stacy was again quaking in his arms, her muscles spasmodically flexing around him as she keened her pleasure. Gasping with Stacy's gasps, Jeremy exploded groaning, "Oh, God!"

 Standing up straight and caressing her abdomen, Kevin slipped a circular med patch over the small vein in her temple as she shook from after-shocks, The sleep med.

 Jeremy growled into her ear, "Dream of us, darlin. We're keeping you."

 Stacy's body relaxed between theirs as she whispered, "Oh, my. Dreams come true."

 Taking a deep breath and swallowing hard, Jeremy looked at Kevin and said, "Can you hold her for a minute? I need to rinse both of us off back here."

 Taking her limp weight into his arms, Kevin grumbled, "I'm going to need a moment myself later."

 Climbing out of the shower and toweling her off, Jeremy asked, "Was that two from barely touching her?"

 Kevin grinned, "Yeah, it was. The meds can give you one good orgasm, so apparently she likes us...wants us bad, really."