 (Sorry it took so long everyone. Thanks for your patience and I hope you enjoy this next installment with Marcus and Elwyn.)

*

They rode until the moon was high in the sky with the cavalry and the imperial carriage that had been left at the villa. She fell into a light sleep as they rode, allowing herself that weakness knowing she was not yet fully recovered. But as Garenth had told her, they couldn't have won the battle without her bow. 

They finally pulled to a halt in an open field and Elwyn was instantly awake before Marcus lifted her off the horse. He immediately took several soldiers and scouted out the perimeter to make sure there was no one else lurking about. The rest of the men who weren't wounded helped set up the tents and build several small fires while Bronwyn worked her magic to keep their encampment hidden from the enemy's prying eyes. 

When Marcus came looking for Elwyn she was at first no where to be found. He told himself not to panic as he went looking, glancing in the tents and around corners. 'Where has that woman gotten off too' he thought. And then he heard her soft but commanding voice coming from the tent of healing. As he walked in he saw her kneeling over one of the men and bandaging a gash across his chest. People kept calling out her name and she continued to give instructions, sending men this way and that to make sure everyone was taken care of. She finished stitching up the wound of the soldier in front of her and brought one of the servants from the villa over and told her how to clean and bandage the wound. Marcus could see that she was weary. It was not in her posture, or her face, but in her eyes taking on those gray undertones that were so telling. 

She was about to move to the next injured man when she saw Bronwyn come in through the other tent door. Elwyn smiled softly, knowing they would get much more done with the two of them even though she had remarkably taken care of almost half of the wounded since they got there. Blood covered her hands and she wiped her forehead with her arm surveying those that still needed tending. She jumped as she felt arms slide around her waist, so focused she didn't hear the sound of familiar footsteps behind her. Marcus leaned close and pressed his face close to her ear placing a tender kiss. She smiled softly and whispered

"I have to go Marcus...there are other wounded that need to be taken care of." Elwyn wiggled out of his grasp and washed her hands removing the blood that stained her pale skin a deep rouge. He stood behind her with his arms crossed over his chest

"Yes including you." She waved off his comment and began to move towards a man on a nearby cot when Marcus reached out and grabbed her arm, pulling her towards him and said in a smooth coaxing voice "Come Beloved. Rest. Let Bronwyn tend the men" he laughed softly "you already have their hearts." She tried half heatedly to struggle against his grip, her hands pressing against his chest and pushed.

"No...there are too many for Bronwyn to care for alone." And she looked up at him as if trying to make him understand that she was needed there. He held her tighter in his grip and he leaned closer and whispered in her ear 

"Stubborn Elf Woman..." and leaned down, and swung her up into his arms and began walking towards the large tent in the middle of the compound. She finally gave in and rested her head on his chest as he walked into the tent. As the tent flap closed there was a loud cheer from the whole camp, Caspar's voice suspiciously louder then the rest. She blushed and looked up at him and muttered 

"Brutish human man." He grinned down at her and he lightly kissed her lips, so grateful she was in his arms and alive. The tent was lavishly furnished with layers of blankets piled on top of each other to make a bed along with the basic necessities along the edge of the tent. In one corner was all the weaponry and in another all the treasure that could be saved without causing more lives to be lost. Marcus lay her down gently on the bed, keeping his arms around her.

"I told you they would like you" he said as he kissed her cheek. 

"Sure. Now that they know I can match any of them in battle" she said and laughed softly. Elwyn looked up at him and moved her hand to caress his cheek. His eyes closed and his lips pressed against the cold palm of her right hand. She whispers "I'm sorry." His eyes opened and looked down, running one hand back thru her auburn tresses. 

"For what lover?" 

Her hand moves down his chest and lightly over his armor. "For scaring you earlier." 

He pulled his armor off quicker then she thought possible leaving it beside the bed and he crawled on top of her and kissed her neck. "You are most certainly not allowed to do that again" he said with a smile. He settled on top of her as her legs parted naturally around him, bringing a soft moan from his lips. "About this dress" he said as he moved his hips against hers, making her gasp. "Its worse than bleeding armor." He said as his hands roamed softly over her body, very aware of the fact that she had been ill. She couldn't help laughing softly

"Cod piece get a little tight during battle?" In answer he moved his hips in a slow teasing motion against hers, making her acutely aware of his arousal. Elwyn realized she still had the short sword strapped to her leg and she reached down to remove it when she felt his hand on hers. Marcus lifted her skirt to her knees and gently removed the blade and set it within easy reach by the bed. She smiled tiredly and carefully took the sheathed dagger from between her breasts and put it under their pillow. 

"Remind me never to ride Morgenstern with you unless I have several hours to make love to you." 

She blushed as he drew more laughter from her lips. "Oh was it that bad?" 

He growled a little and rocked his hips harder against her, pressing more intimately so she could feel every inch of him through the fabric of her dress.

"Yes it was. Feeling you rocking against me with the motion of the horse, the smell of your hair as it whipped behind us, the feel of your body as I held you." He leans down kissed her, slowly and sensually as if he had all the time in the world. He reluctantly pulled his lips from hers and kissed her forehead. "I know your not up for anything right now but know that I want you so much right now I hurt" he said with soft mirth in his voice. She bit her lower lip and was about to say something when he hushed her protests. He slid beside her and pulled her close, one leg slipping between hers, bringing her body against his. Marcus took a deep shuddering breath and began to calm down as her hands moved softly over his shoulders and back, relieving some of the tension that dwelled there. It was not long until they fell asleep, entwined in each others arms.

Chapter 14

Elwyn felt a hand touch her arm in her sleep and before she was fully conscious her hand gripped the short sword beside the bed and swung it towards the person beside her. She heard a clang of sword hitting sword as she opened her eyes to see Marcus sitting beside her, his own sword pressed against her blade. He was grinning and said 

"Jumpy?" She groaned sleepily and put the sword by her side, watching as he resheathed his own blade. "You know...if I wasn't so quick with a blade you would be short a lover right now" he commented as he sat down on the bed. The tent was bright with sunlight and she rubbed her eyes and whispered

"What time is it?" He lay down beside her on the bed, his head propped up on his hand as he lay on his side.

"Almost noon day. Bronwyn said you might sleep late. How do you feel?" he moved his hand over her hair in a gentle caress. Elwyn began to sit up but she got dizzy and his arms wrapped around her to pull her back down to the bed, her hand pressed to her forehead.

"Like death warmed over. I swear if I ever see that man again I will tear his eyes out." 

He laughed softly and nuzzled against her neck "My ferocious lady." He ran his fingertips over her cheek and she looked up at him seeing an emotion she couldn't name settled on his features. "I have received word from my legions. They are gathered in strength at my southern estates." 

She rubs her eyes as she woke and tried to shake off the ill feeling and murmured. "How many stayed?" knowing that not all would choose to go into exile with their commander.

"My entire guard and more then half of the reserves." 

She nodded and moved one hand softly over his chest, her fingers feeling over the thick armor he had on. "What do you intend to do now?" His hands in turn began to move over her soft curves as if he was taking his time to memorize each inch of her body. 

"I don't know" he said, but there was something in his voice that made her doubt the truth in his words. She forced herself into a sitting position and his arms moved around her, supporting her. Her eyes closed as she waited for the room to stop spinning around her. "Still not well my love?" but it was more of a statement then a question. 

Elwyn moved her hands against Marcus's chest and whispered "I need to get up. I'm sure Bronwyn needs help." 

He couldn't help smiling and he gently pushed her back down on the bed. "Bronwyn has help. The forest maids and the rest of her order of healers joined us early this morning." 

She shook her head and tried to get up, beginning to protest. "But..." 

He leaned close and planted a deep kiss on her lips. She tried to voice a protest but she quickly became lost in his kiss. Her hands moved up over his chest and wrapped around his neck. A sick feeling filled the pit of his stomach as her cool right hand caressed his neck and he kissed her more fiercely, realizing how close he had been to loosing her. Marcus's arms wrapped around her tighter, pulling her body to his. 

He finally pulled back from her and whispered into her ear "No Elwyn, You need your rest." He kissed her forehead and reluctantly began to remove himself from her embrace. Her arms tightened around him in response and she pressed her face to his neck. "I have a rebellion to plan dearest" he whispered into her ear. 

Elwyn shook her head and whispers "It can wait. We wont have many more moments like this...I can see it in your eyes." She felt her heart ache as his eyes met hers, affirming the truth in her deduction. Marcus pressed his hand over her cheek, his thumb brushing back and forth lightly. She could see the darkness that had settled over him but before she could query him about it he kissed her. Elwyn kissed him back with all the desperation she began to feel, knowing so much would come between them before they could be together like this again. Marcus helped her as she began to fumble to get his armor off and quickly undressed her. 

He broke the kiss and he looked down at her, his hand pressed to the soft curve of her stomach. She blushed as he stared so long before leaning in and pressing a soft kiss to her collar bone. His hand began to move downwards, fingers teasing over her abdomen as his lips sought out each breast, leaving tender kisses. Elwyn's hands were not idle as he in turn explored her as if they had all the time in the world. Her hands moved over his chest and his arms, her fingers lingered on each scar, memorizing each part of him as if she could never get enough of the feel of his skin against hers. 

His fingers slid down and began to caress her satin folds, lightly teasing her. Soft moans began to escape her lips as he kissed down her body till his lips met where his hand caressed her. Marcus's tongue pleasured her in the most intimate way a man can love a woman, his hands cradling her hips as her moans pierced the air. He gently slid his fingers into her moist folds, delving deep as his tongue teased the bud of her pleasure. 

Elwyn cried out as she felt his fingers fill her, writhing in his arms as she got so close to the release only he could give. He moaned against her body, her cries of pleasure fueling his arousal more then anything else ever had. Marcus gently curled his fingers upwards, caressing the most sensitive inner walls, pressing and releasing several times. It was all it took to send her over the edge. She cried out with pleasure, her body tensing as she shuddered with release. He laved her body with his tongue for several more moments, tasting her pleasure before he crawled up her body. 

Elwyn was still shaking from her orgasm when she felt his arousal pressing intimately against her. She heard his voice softly calling to her

"Elwyn. Open your eyes". 

Her eyes drifted open and as her gaze met his he slowly began to slide his length into her body. Her back arched like a strung bow and her eyes began to close but his soft murmured protests encouraged her to kept them open. She stared up into his eyes as he slid deep her warmth, filling her completely. He ran one hand through her hair and offered her the greatest gift of all. The gift of patience as he loved her. He lay on top of her for several long moments, staring into her eyes and absorbing each sensation of being inside her. 

She finally whimpered slightly and rocked her hips slowly beneath him and whispered "Please love, please" her voice lush with passion. 

He smiled and with painstaking slowness he began to move inside her. It took all her strength of will to keep his intense gaze, part of her unable to tear herself away from his beautiful eyes. But the pleasure soon overcame them and Marcus began moving faster, working up a sweat as her soft moans rose in the air around them. 

He moved one hand to her cheek and he leaned down and whispered against her lips "I love you Elwyn." 

She wrapped her arms tighter around him, never wanting to let him go and she whispered. "I love you too...so much" Her soft words and gentle caresses was all it took to break his control. He moved hard and fast, staring into her eyes as both of their breaths drew short. They worked each other into a frenzy until both their worlds exploded in a blinding passion. Gasping for breath they lay together, a light sheen of sweat covering their bodies as their heartbeats began to slow. 

He allowed himself several long moments to enjoy the feel of her body before he raised up and looked down at her face. Her eyes were closed and several tears trickled from her eyes. As her eyes drifted open no words of comfort came to him. It would be long before their dreams of love and family could come true. Long before they would be able to hold each other so intimately again. He leaned down and softly kissed her tears away before moving to his lips to hers in a lingering kiss he was reluctant to break.

Chapter 15

Finally he whispered against the curve of her neck. "You know I have to get up Elwyn." 

She nodded a little and released what had become an iron grip on his body. He slowly got up and began to put his clothes and armor back on. She lay on the bed, her hand resting on her stomach as she watched him. Her voice permeated the silence that reigned "Is rebellion the next step? More war?" 

He shook his head, more to himself than her as he thought. "I can see no other option. The people are so tired of war, but there will be fighting no matter what. I intend to make sure it keeps what I have come to love, safe. Not to mention we now have Raygar to deal with." 

She shuddered with the mention of the name and whispers "He is more powerful than you can imagine." Thanks to Bronwyn's healing she had returned mostly to health, save her right hand that still bore the blue mark and would forever be chilled to the touch. 

Marcus finished putting his armor on and sat beside her on the bed, his hand covering hers on her stomach. "Which is one more reason why I need you." She looked up at him and a feeling like the weight of the world was about to be pressed on her shoulders. "I need you to support me Elwyn, to support the only way to save both our peoples." 

As she gazed into his eyes she moved her hand to his face. "I will always support you Marcus." She began to realize that she would be the deciding pawn in this war whether she wanted it or not. Either to be a sacrifice to the greater benefit of others, or to rise and become a queen to make all nations tremble. She only feared that everything she had come to hold dear would be destroyed by the dangerous game being played. 

"Do not pledge before you know what I ask" he said in a serious voice. He took a deep breath as if he too was dreading asking her. "We need the elves. We need the help of the forest." 

Her eyes darkened as she replied. "My own loyalty I can guarantee. But the rest of my people only know you as the man you once were, brutal and to be feared." 

"Which is why only the two of us can go." 

She sat up too quickly and ignored the wave of dizziness that assailed her as she put her hand on his chest. "No. No they will kill you." 

Marcus' voice was solemn with his reply. "If they do, if we can not convince them of the gravity of our need, then I shall pay the price for my crimes."

"No. I have to go I go alone." Her voice dropped slightly "I wont risk loosing you." 

His soft laugh only fueled her temper a little more "Now who risks loosing who? No we shall both go." 

She glared at him and tried to get up, shrugging off his hold on her as she managed to stand. She leaned against one of the poles of the tent, slightly out of breath before she managed to gain control of her bodies weakness. She stood with her chin high and he could see the commanding royalty showing through her stance. "No you wont. They will not harm me. I'm royal blood remember." 

He remained on the bed and said in a soft voice "You wouldn't make it to your borders. And if you are to convince them Elwyn, you know I have to go." 

She moved closer to him and she put her hands on either side of his face and spoke firmly, her body shaking slightly. "Please Marcus. They wont understand. I cant let them kill you. I will be safe. When I am well I will be able to make the trip on my own." 

His men could have told her that when his jaw was set there was no amount of council to dissuade him. "I've already told my men. They will take my place on the field." She closed her eyes and she leaned closer and his arms wrapped around her as his head pressed over her heart. A single tear trickled down her cheek. "They will see. They have too" he said. 

Her grip on him tightened and she whispers with some resignation that he wouldn't change his mind. "I fear for you." 

He looked up at her, pressing a soft kiss over her heart. "Don't my love. I have you to protect me" he said with a teasing smile. 

There was nothing but seriousness in Elwyn's expression. "I don't know if I can protect you from them. They thought me dead years ago." 

He gently pulled her down onto the bed and he brushed her auburn hair from her face. "Shhh. Rest now love. Leave tomorrow till it comes." He leaned down and kissed her and she was so tired she let him tuck her back into bed. He silently walked out of the room and went back to his generals to make final plans while she slept. 

Marcus walked back into the main tent where all his captains were assembled scattered around, looking at maps and talking softly. Caspar looked up and there was a teasing smirk on his face as he looked at the position of the sun on the horizon, noting it had been several hours and then back to Marcus. Marcus glared at him and muttered "Button it." 

Caspar put his hands up in surrender and said "I didn't say anything. How did it go. Did she agree." 

Marcus shook his head a little at Caspar and put his hand on the mans shoulder. "No she didn't agree. But she is going to do it anyway." Caspar nodded and returned the gesture, an unspoken comfort that both of them needed. "If I don't come back, swear to me you will take care of her Caspar." 
