 She woke when the carriage began to slow, her eyes fluttering open.

"Wake up M'lady. We are here." He gazed down at her, smiling, and she leaned up, her eyes dreary with sleep and kissed him ever so softly.

"I could get very used to waking up to your smile," she whispered.

He kissed her back tenderly and pulled away just as the door of the carriage opened. He got up and he began to get out as he felt her hand move over his ass in a gentle grope. He grinned wryly as he helped her out of the carriage and she gave him a stoic innocent look as if nothing had happened. She made sure her hood was pulled down covering most of her features as they walked into the castle and whispered words under her breath sealed her disguise. They moved thru the large lavishly decorated rooms till they came to the main throne room and an eerie feeling settled over her. Marcus took her hand and placed it on Caspar's arm.

"Take care of her my old friend." Marcus then turned to her and in a slightly stern voice said "Do not leave Caspar's side." 

A feeling of dread overwhelmed her even though there was no emotion on her delicate features. "Not unless I have too" was her only reply. Marcus turned and walked into one of the far corners of the throne room and several guards escorted him through a door. A herald presented him to the king in his own private political chambers behind the throne room. Marcus dropped to a kneeling position, his head bowed.

"Your Majesty. An honor as always." 

The king motioned for him to rise and moved away from Marcus and went over to the open balcony windows. King Earlar waved the other guard in the room out and the man promptly left, leaving the two men alone. Marcus got to his feet and stood at attention, hands behind his back. "You are the best of my generals are you not?" the king asked.

Marcus smiled grimly and spoke in a solemn tone. "It has been said so Highness. However, I believe Conrad has a sharper grasp of strategy."

The king looked as if deep in thought, keeping his back to his general. "And what number do your armies and supports come to now Marcus?" 

"My legions are yours, Majesty. They number five thousand strong." 

The king nods slightly and turns to him. "And what of Conrad? What count has he?" 

Marcus wondered what the king was getting at and thought for a moment. "Some ten thousand and Heiljuk has eight thousand. But my men are seasoned veterans where theirs are green troops who have never seen battle." 

The king let silence reign in the air for several long moments. He turned his back to Marcus and turned to look to the east out the window. "I am old Marcus. I would have you do something for me before I die."

"Majesty?" he asked. Marcus began to think something was wrong as even with his war mongering the king had never been one to despair. 

"There have been several attacks on our merchants traveling here from the sea. I want you to go back to Ennonlai and wipe out the marauders and thieves there." The king made it sound as if it was a light and easy task. Earlar neglected to mention the huge number of skilled warriors that he suspected still hid in the woods as the remnants of the Elven people began to band together. 

Marcus sighed and asked in a weary voice "More blood shed Majesty?" 

The king turned quickly, a frown making him look much older than his years. "I will see justice before I die. If you are loyal to your king you will do as he commands without question. I must ensure my people are protected!" Even in his grief, Marcus had never heard Earlar speak in such a way and it fueled his own anger. 

"Earlar how long have we known each other?" 

The kings eyes flickered with disdain and said in a menacing voice "Long enough to know that when I give an order my general will follow it. You will either obey my command or you will die." The king turned around and stared towards the east once more. There were no longer happy wrinkles on his face, only the crease in his forehead creating a permanent frown and the dark baggy circles beneath his eyes. 

Marcus was infuriated and leaned forward and pounded his hand on the kings desk. "Damn it! I'm speaking as a man. She was my wife! You don't think I had rage?" 

The king remained silent almost as if he didn't hear the temper tantrum of his best general. "I have had five reports of merchants in the forests being robbed and killed. I will see that my people have the trading paths open while I still live and breathe. I will see justice..." and as if on a side note he whispers "for all." 

Marcus' voice went cold and he said "Of course Sire" and turns and tromped out, the door slamming behind him. 

Meanwhile back in the throne room Elwyn waited impatiently. She began to pace back and forth as a gnawing darkness teased the back of her mind. She finally felt Caspar's arm on hers and he smiled gently

"Easy M'lady. He will be ok." 

She shook her head and whispered "Something is wrong. I can feel it." 

Caspar looked at her slightly skeptically and pointed to the guards outside the chamber. "They would be in there if there was a problem." 

She shook her head and spoke in a hushed voice so only Marcus' two personal guards could hear. "No. Its not that. I cant tell what it is. But something is very wrong here." She sighed and tried to calmed down and began to look around the large room, seeing all the hustle and bustle around.

One particular man caught her eye. The man was dressed in the finest clothes money could buy, long red scholars robes that dragged along the floor behind him. He wore a necklace fit for a king with large gemstones of every color imaginable and his long shoulder length black hair was pulled back in a braid. She looked him over carefully noticing each minute detail. The man spoke to others in a cordial way but radiated a darkness that startled her to the core. 

She leaned closer to Caspar and asked "Who is that?" 

Caspar turned and spit as if the disgust of mentioning the man was too great.

"Chancellor Raygar." She raised an eyebrow waiting for further explanation. "I'd say he's a weasel, but I don't want to insult weasels. He seeks to hold the kings ear against all who counsel him." She turned stole a brief glimpse of the Chancellor once more but as she turned away her gaze met his for a split second even as she casually turned to pretend to talk to Caspar about something unimportant. Elwyn didn't see the smile on Raygar's face as he began to walk towards her, the smile looking out of place on his features giving him a sinister look.

Gareth stepped closer to her, a tall silent, bald man that had arms like tree limbs and probably stronger. His weapon of choice a heavy mace thrust through his belt. Caspar also took a small step closer as she composed herself. She gathered her strength before turning to the chancellor as he approached offering a soft smile. The Chancellor stopped in front of them and nodded to the two soldiers and spoke in cruel tone meant to rub them the wrong way.

"Why its so good to see you two boys again. Still hanging on Marcus' shirt tails I see." He then, seemingly for the first time, saw the lady standing between them. "Well what have we here. Who might this charming young lady be." The chancellor took a small step closer and held out his hand to hers. Her two bodyguards took half a step forward protectively, but her hand went up as a sign for them to stop. 

She bowed her head and curtseyed to Raygar as she held her hand out, letting it slide into his cold grip and she spoke softly "Diana, M'lord" she said, giving him the name she had first given Marcus upon meeting him. 

The chancellor took her hand and brought it to his lips as was the custom. "Indeed" he said as if contemplating the name and her face. He pressed his lips on her hand a few moments longer then was cordial but finally released her. She felt his hand move under her chin and slowly bring her face up to meet his eyes and he murmured "Such a charming creature." And then looked towards the two guards once more "Wherever did you brutes find her?" 

Caspar's hand went to the hilt of his sword and the chancellor broke all contact with Elwyn, still remaining close, but didn't look threatened at all at the prospect of the sword. Caspar's voice was cold and accusing as he spoke. "Chancellor, do mine ears deceive or are you asking after M'lord's business?" 

Just at that moment Marcus came storming out of the kings private chambers and the chancellor turned to her and whispered in a hushed tone only she could hear "We shall meet again elf queen." And a soft laugh could be heard as the chancellor went on about his business. She turned her back to the court and moved against the nearby wall, her face pale and her breath ragged. As they had spoken so politely, the chancellor had tried to force his way into her thoughts, to her mind. It had taken all her strength to uphold her mental barriers and keep him out. She jumped as she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to see Marcus' questioning gaze. 

He whispered "Come on. Lets go home." His arm gently wrapped around her waist and he guided her through the hallways till the reached the carriage.

Chapter 11

Raygar retreated to his private chambers as he saw the two love birds leave. He watched them from his balcony grinding his teeth. How could it be? With all his carefully laid plans how could something of this magnitude slip through his fingers. He stormed back into his room and picked up a vase from the table and threw it against the wall. He was so close! And that witch had to come and foul things up. Raygar forced himself to calm down and think clearly. He wouldn't let years of planning go down the drain because of the life of one miserable elf. He sat down at his writing table and began scribbling a letter of warning to his comrade, notifying him of her presence. Was she a fool to come walking back into the lions den after so long? She would never regain her throne, not if he had anything to do with it. 

He knew that Elwyn wouldn't die from the spell he cast. It was potent but her royal blood would save her last minute no doubt. If she died so much the better. He finished writing the letter and opened the door to his chambers handing it to a servant. "Have this delivered. If you are intercepted I will have your head. Go now with utmost speed." Raygar slammed the door and poured himself a glass of the kings best wine drinking deeply. The situation could be salvaged. A wicked grin began to slowly curve his lips as new plan slowly crept into his consciousness. Oh yes. It would be so much sweeter than he imagined it with the elf queen back in the picture. A deep laugh escaped his throat and he moved back to the window, watching the army of imperial soldiers leaving the gate of the city.

Marcus could tell something was wrong but he didn't want to ask until they were safely away from the city. He picked Elwyn up in his arms and climbed into the carriage, settling her on his lap. 

Her breathing had calmed slightly but was still ragged as she whispered "He...he knew who I was. He tried to get into my mind Marcus...and I was failing." 

His mind was already leaps and bounds ahead of hers, talking more to himself then to anyone in particular "This complicates things then. We may not escape with all my legions, probably only my house hold guard" he said more to himself than her. 

"What?" 

"We have to leave. If the scum is a magician he knows I intend to defy Earlar." 

She shakes her head and tries to make Marcus understand the magnitude of the power this man possesses. "I've never seen a magician with powers like this. They are dark and...terrible." She shivered and curled up closer to him.

"Which means a legion of Imperials will head to the villa." 

She shook her head and tried to get him to understand but realized it was futile.

"What did the king wish to speak to you about?"

"He wants me to end the war" he said solemnly. 

She looks up, her eyes wide in horror. "How?" 

"By killing everyone." 

She stared blankly as if she couldn't wrap her mind around the concept. She shivered and whispered "Marcus, hold me. I'm so cold." He took off his cloak and wrapped it around her, holding her close. When they arrived he got out of the carriage and beckons the driver closer and slugged him in the chin, knocking the man out so he couldn't go report back to the king. Marcus went back to the carriage and took Elwyn in his arms but her eyes were closed her form limp as a rag doll. He began to panic and moved his hand to hers holding it tight, it was cold as ice and he noticed a light blue mark on her flesh in a cylindrical shape. 

He held her tight and ran into the villa and called out "Get Bronwyn! I think my lady has been poisoned." He took her up to their room and laid her on the bed and sitting beside her. He held her hand and pressed it to his chest, her hand gripping his tight, the only sign of life besides her labored breathing. One thought kept running through his mind 'no...no not again' as he held her hand to his cheek. 

Bronwyn came in with her box of herbs and set them down on the floor. She moved her hand to Elwyn's forehead and she whispered "Goddess of healing..." swearing and she went to the door and called out down the halls "Bring me blankets and several bed warmers. NOW!" and went back to the bed and calmly said "The first thing we have to do is get her warm." Marcus began pulling off his armor and slipped under the blanket and pressed her body close to his. She was so cold to the touch it pained him to be near her, but he could not let her go, holding her tighter in response. Moments later several servants came in and began piling more blankets over them both and sliding several bed warmers filled with hot coals under the layers of material. Bronwyn sat on the floor.

"It's a powerful spell called Deaths Kiss, meant to freeze the body from the outside in till finally the heart is frozen solid. I have never known it to be put into practice since my great grandmothers time." Bronwyn was the last in a long line of druids and experienced in the healing arts. She opened her box and took out her herbs and began to grind them up with her mortar and pestle as she hummed a soft haunting tune. 

Marcus leaned closer and whispered in Elwyn's ear "You better get warm woman. I cant do this again." Whether it was his words or the spell that Bronwyn was forming beside the bed, Elwyn's eyes fluttered open for the briefest of moments. Her eyes were ice blue and unnatural looking as she stared up at him. He moved his hand over her cheek and whispered her name softly. But her eyes drifted closed once more, the effort taking too much of her strength as her grip loosened on his hand. 

"Hurry Bronwyn...please ..." his voice holding a desperation that was on the verge of tears. He moved his hands over her body trying to warm her and he buried his face against her neck to hide the tears that were beginning to form. What seemed like forever was only a few moments more when Bronwyn held a cup with a fire red liquid in it. She got up and coaxed Elwyn's mouth open and helped her drink it sip by sip making sure none was spilled. 

With the first sip Elwyn began to cough, the liquid running down her throat like fire. It burned each time she took a sip but as the warmth began to spread through her limbs it began to ease. Bronwyn put her hand on Elwyn's brow and felt her temperature rising and a soft smile curved the woman's lips. 

She put a hand on Marcus' shoulder and said "She'll be alright. She is a fighter." He nodded and relief washed through him. He wiped the moisture from his face and leaned down to kiss her softly. Her lips moved against his ever so slightly and as he pulled back her eyes fluttered open, once more the deep blue green that he had come to know so well. Just as her eyes fluttered open he heard the alarm bells being sounded thru the compound. He swore and realized it had been a trap for all along. 

"We have to leave."

Chapter 12

Marcus got up and began to walk to the door just as Caspar barged in, breathing hard and holding his sword, already bloodied. 

"The horses are ready, the Calvary is set to go but the Imperials are already here." Marcus draws his sword and curses and quickly dons his armor again. "Give me 

time!" he muttered and looked back to Elwyn "We will need her later. We haven't enough skilled bowmen to outlast the Imps." Some of the color began to return to her cheeks but she was still all but lifeless on the bed. 

Bronwyn who had been sitting beside her and rubbed Elwyn's hand where the chancellor had kissed, where the worst of the damage was. But now the older woman got up and stared at the men "She is in no position to be fighting right now." Just then Garenth came in and bowed to Marcus.

"She may have to" Marcus replied.

"Right now she couldn't lift a blade if her life depended on it. The herbs need more time" Bronwyn protested.

Garenth looks at Marcus and with a nod of permission Garenth went to the bed and scooped up Elwyn blankets and all, holding her in his arms.

"Garenth will escort you to one of the secret chambers until it is safe to try and escape. But right now I have to show those purple cloaked dandies a thing or two about sword play." Bronwyn gathered her things and Garenth kicked a secret panel in the room and disappeared down a long hallway, the panel closing after Bronwyn too disappeared down it. When the secret door shut Marcus and Caspar fought their way to the stables and Marcus mounted Morgenstern, his battle stallion. Garenth lead them into a small secret room where he placed Elwyn on a small cot. She was shifting as she begin come back to life, her eyes opening and looking around. Garenth leaned in and whispered in the princess' ear for several moments before he disappeared to help Marcus. 

The battle raged on outside the safe stone walls and trickled into the confides of the villa. Marcus and his troops had the advantage on their horses and began to quickly dispatch the imperial soldiers. Marcus' soldiers fought well and as the last Imperial soldier fell to the ground there was a great cheer form the men. But their victory was short lived as an arrow shot from just beyond the villa, fell and killed one of the lieutenants. The small ambush had given the king time to dispense even more soldiers. Marcus thought 'the king must be really desperate to get rid of me.' He held his shield up over his head as the arrows began to fly as and more imperials swarmed the villa. The battle waged for what seemed like forever but the sun that had been high on the horizon when the battle started was just beginning to set. Men of both sides lay strewn about in various states of death and dismemberment. The archers had advanced to inside the walls, getting more deadly shots with each arrow. 

A figure cloaked all in black appeared on the balcony of the highest watch tower, overlooking the battle field like an angel of death. The imperials, gave a cheer thinking it was Raygar who had come to watch the carnage and began to fight all the harder. Beams of light from the setting sun lit up the tower as if it was in flames just as the robe flew off the individual, revealing Elwyn with her bow raised. She began letting arrow after arrow fly with lightning precision and speed, hitting her mark every time on the imperial soldiers uniform. There was a cheer from Marcus and his men. 

"For our Lady men! Death and fire!" Caspar called out and the Calvary began to push harder against the soldiers and with the advantage of Elwyn's bow the tides began to turn. One impossible shot after another flew from her bow as she stood atop the tower. But suddenly as if in slow motion, an imperial soldier with a bow and arrow fired a shot towards Elwyn and life seemed to creep by as the arrow drew closer and closer to her form. The arrow swiftly drew nearer and many of the men watched in horror. With all the noise she could not hear her loves cry of warning. But her well trained ears could hear the singing of the arrow as it approached her. She glanced in the direction of the arrow and life suddenly sped up into full speed as she caught the arrow and sent it back shooting the person who fired it at her within a manner of seconds.
