 My test subject woke up about ten minutes after I had strapped her to the gurney - right on time. Good, good. Her data was already loaded from earlier, and I'd just finished the final diagnostics; I tapped away a sequence into the machine, putting it in standby, then got up and stretched as she came around. This was going to really be something.

I'd always thought my father was a crackpot and none of the theories he'd talked about in his last ten years were real; it was too bad, he'd been only days away from completing the machine that would prove him right when he died. Now, everything he had was mine, which wasn't much - except for his machine that can alter reality and change people's minds and bodies, which I guess is something.

I'd been one of the few who still talked to him - if only because I found him funny, the idea of a modern-day mad scientist is hilarious to me - and the old bastard had willed everything to me. Including this thing, the 'machine', which he'd never named; it was, at present, pointed at the sexy young lawyer's body on the gurney. She groaned, and her eyes blinked a few times under the light of the cheap flourescents in the ceiling of my father's old garage.

"Wha... Where..." She sounded groggy and confused. I nodded to myself, and came around the folding table where the old man had put the computer which controlled the whole apparatus. It was quiet and musty in the garage, with the distant smell of the mildew which had long since invaded the house. The walls were mostly pegboard, with some unpainted drywall in places.

There was a splintering workbench off to one side with a variety of tools and inscrutable bits of technology scattered on it. A rack of car batteries were stacked up near a dirty window; their cables all fed to the emitter. A few had fallen off, but I'd gingerly re-attached them. There was a folding table toward the car door, with a cheap office chair set up and Dad's old PC - complete with the same dusty old keyboard and two-button mouse he'd always used - booted up and hooked into the emitter itself. The PC was how it was controlled, except Dad's software to do it was terrible.

He'd converted this place into his workshop of sorts, all centered on constructing the machine. To change the world, he'd said, eyes wide and delirious - to right all wrongs. I don't know about that last part, but I knew it was certainly about to change this lawyer girl's world, if some of the tests I'd run beforehand were any indication.

I ran my small hand along the steel housing of the machine's emitter. It looked surprisingly like a weapon - one right out of science fiction, a prototype laser cannon or something. Its tungsten focusing rod, which jutted out the front and was pointed at the lawyer chick, was ringed by solid-looking steel toroid shapes - part of the heat exchange apparatus.

Copper pipes, for the water that cooled it, ran through and between the toroids - critical to keep the thing from melting down in operation. We don't want that. All of it was surrounded by a complex array of tangled multi-colored cables and re-purposed exposed circuit boards, especially toward the back where it met the strut that kept it upright.

The main body of the device was boxy, with various protrusions and glowing whatsadoozits on the outer housing - including a maddening collection of power cables coming up from the bottom and wrapping around the strut it was mounted on. The metal strut itself was mounted on a rolling platform. It looked like it had been rolled right off the set of a low-budget sci-fi movie.

At least fifteen cables ran from the base of the machine to the computer, none of which I'd dared to even unplug for now. I couldn't pretend to fully understand the thing, and definitely not the theory underlying its operation - my own field was programming, with only a little smattering of physics and science thrown in. Just enough to be dangerous when I got my hands on the machine, basically. I pulled my hand away and looked at the lawyer woman. Forgot her name.

She was about five years older than me, I'd guess, probably close to thirty - and, by traditional accounting, far better-looking than I was. I'd always been a runt, a scrawny and gawky girl with what barely qualified as breasts and stringy brown hair. My eyes were just another shade of brown, acne scars dotted my face, and I didn't look much better naked than in clothes. I had on a basic grey tee, fitted snugly over my skinny body and pump-up bra, and ripped blue jeans. I'd never lacked for sex - with... less-than-ideal men, and a few women who always moved on - but I'd never liked how I looked.

This lawyer girl, though, she was something. I'd had trouble focusing on what she said every time she came here and harassed me about Dad's estate. A smooth, tanned body, athletic curves, black hair just past her shoulders, clear blue eyes on a lovely face with thin lips, gorgeous - if little - breasts... she had on a cute little navy business jacket and a cream-colored skirt, with a subdued pink blouse underneath. I'd tugged her shoes off while she was out, and she wasn't wearing any hose today... unlike last time.

God, I couldn't wait - I wanted to just do it right now, to press the button that would make her shrink. To watch her diminish right before my eyes... she'd be so hot when she was tiny... my nipples were already stiff just thinking about it. Of course, the machine could do much more than make people shrink; it could do almost anything... sort of.

It could only do a certain amount at a time without overheating - and the more you tried to do, the hotter it got. I had to be careful, since I doubted I could fix it if the thing broke... or worse, melted. In addition, one thing I'd learned early into putting it together - for some reason, the machine only worked on people. I'd already tried to use it to turn a piece of wood into gold, to turn a towel into stacks of hundred-dollar bills, to turn an abandoned car engine block into a copy of the machine itself, a few more ideas... but the only valid targets were living things.

Still, the moment I found the command codes that supposedly made it possible to reduce someone's size - dramatically if I wished - I already knew what I'd use it for. Don't ask me why, but having a lover small enough to fit in my hand had been a fantasy for years - especially if I could have a cute female one.

Fortunately, from what it looked like in the other command codes I found, the machine could also help Lawyer Girl along toward realizing that shrinking that small was the best thing that would ever happen to her. I'd take very good care of her, I already knew it.

I belatedly remembered that she'd asked a question.

"You're in my lab. Dad's lab. Whatever." I shrugged, rolling my eyes at the last word. I waved a hand side to side. "Such as it is."

"Your... what?" She shook her head after looking at me. Her voice was actually pretty sexy when I listened to it, even when she was confused and groggy. Her eyes went wide. "Hey - it's you! His daughter!"

"That's right. Rachel Cartwright, only next of kin to Michael Cartwright, ex-PhD. You were here to make me sign that crap to give Dad's house away, right?" They'd been making to foreclose on Dad's old ranch house in upstate Pennsylvania even before he died. Once he was no more, the vultures were circling. I guess building a save-the-world ray is expensive, and Dad spent all of his savings on it... and then some, hence the visit from the bank's attorney.

"Yes, I-"

I waved a hand dismissively. "You can have his trash heap, I just want to take a few odds and ends home with me first." I walked back to the table, falling into the cheap plastic office chair that was behind it. "Now, how about this - we start with the little changes, and work our way up to the more interesting things."

"Start what? What is this! Let me go!" She fought against the restraints. I worried briefly if she would be able to escape; it wasn't exactly a professional setup. The 'gurney' was just a rolling fold-out bed I'd lugged home from the store yesterday, after her last visit, and I'd tied her wrists and ankles to its frame with some bungee cords I found. She twisted and fought briefly, but when I saw she wasn't going anywhere, I let out a sigh of relief.

She suddenly shot me an angry glare. "Let me go right now! This is completely illegal! I drove here across a state line, you know. You could get arrested by the FBI, and they don't play nice."

Her scowl seemed vicious - but, despite my usual wallflower personality, I summoned the will to weather it. I had the power now. She seemed even more frustrated with my response, and looked around again. "How did you even get me here? Did you drug me, or knock me out? That's assault and battery, on top of kidnapping."

"I used it on long-range mode." I idly pointed a finger toward the machine I clicked the mouse with the other hand. "Turns out you can go up to about two hundred yards with it, but you give up a lot of precision. Fortunately, you don't need to do anything complicated to make someone go unconscious, so..."

I shrugged, and finished the sequence. I tapped the Commit button, and heard the machine begin to make a low humming sound, coolant pumps churning - then a high-pitched noise, sort of like a tuning fork, filled my ears. That would be the operational cycle.

One of the car batteries along the wall powering it suddenly make a flash and sparks flew. I shielded my eyes, then looked again; it wasn't anything serious, I just hadn't put the clamps on right. The PC monitor was burning through dozens of inscrutable text-only screens and old-school ASCII schematics, but the power issue hadn't interrupt the sequence. Who knew what would happen if I did.

She looked at the machine, and her face went from anger to panic. This particular cute, bitchy lawyer girl, working for Stone & Associates, the firm the bank had hired, had been by here three times since my father died and I'd moved in temporarily to sort through his things. Every time she'd been such a bitch, so mean and aggressive; definitely not my type. I can't imagine how hard it would have been for me... had I actually been grieving much about Dad. Fortunately, her personality was something that could now be addressed.

I kicked both legs back and forth under the chair, my feet not quite reaching the floor. Dad had set the chair to his height, then apparently broken the lever that let you set it. I spun around once, humming to myself in anticipation. I let one hand go down to where my legs met, squeezing my mons. I felt the wetness already gathering. God, she was gorgeous; I was tempted again to just skip right to miniaturizing her.

I cautioned myself - I'd decided to start off with simpler things because I wanted to get more of a handle on the machine and what it could do before I shrank her. It would give me more of an opportunity to make her even sexier, too.

I smiled wanly to myself for a moment as the machine finished powering up and the coolant pumps churned. Thanks, Dad. Hope you don't mind if I re-purpose your save-the-world machine into your perverted, amoral daughter's shrink ray.

I'd found his notes on the second day of going through the house, and as one of the few people in the world who could actually read his inscrutable handwriting, and as someone to whom he'd spent countless hours blathering about the intricacies of his ideas - even when I was a middle-school girl who couldn't possibly absorb it - I had just enough understanding to know what it meant when I got the machine actually online. Its potential was truly limitless.

Maybe if Dad had spent a few more years actually being a dad, and less being a small-time mad scientist, I wouldn't be using his masterpiece as a glorified way to get myself off - but who cares, that's water under the bridge. This was going to be awesome.

The machine's accumulator, an innocuous and heavy-looking rectangular black box about the size of a foot locker, laid next to my feet, under the folding table. I didn't know much about it, other than that it was the most irreplaceable part of the whole machine - and also the biggest bottleneck. It somehow gathered something from spacetime itself, which the machine used to make its magic possible... but building up a full charge on it took weeks. Plenty of cables ran out of it, to the emitter - but, oddly, no power ran into it.

I knew enough about it to know I wouldn't be able to go around shrinking people into toys every day - I was going to have to carefully pick and choose when and how I used the bulky, inefficient machine. What if I spent all of its charge at once, then got myself into trouble and didn't have enough power left in the thing to zap my way out before they carted me off to jail, or worse? I slid my foot across the heavy box, and felt a sense of energy from the thing - like unimaginable potential was inside.

There was no visible beam, of course. I knew the energies of the machine didn't show up in the visible spectrum, or any spectrum known to mainstream science. I could only tell it was on because of the dimly glowing light at the tip of the field emitter thingy, and the sudden hissing jets of steam that shot out in multiple directions from the many valves all over the exterior of the machine's housing.

The process had begun, this time on my first human subject... aside from dumb stuff just to confirm it worked, like making the mailman wear orange socks and a few joggers burst out into song as they ran. The hand at my mons sneaked under the hem of my jeans and panties and I licked my lips. Here goes nothing.

She wailed loudly, at first in surprise and panic at the anticipation of pain, but the wail soon became a moan as the energy seeped into her body. Its power focused first on her breasts, B-cups under a pump-up bra like mine - and now, growing. She moaned further as I watched her boobs begin to expand. I'd made sure it would be a pleasant process for her - come on, I'm not just needlessly cruel. The front of her jacket pushed upward, the mounds pressing outward against her bra and growing further still. 

The fabric of her jacket and bra became strained as the burgeoning globes stretched them to the limit, and I heard some ripping sounds and a pop as her bra snapped. Her back arched as it happened, and her moaning became louder. That would be the increased sensitivity that the machine was also causing in her new tits, magnifying that sexual pleasure she felt from them even as they grew.

Only I knew to look for the nearly imperceptible change in size. With the machine unable to simply create living tissue at any rate worth considering, I'd instead had it withdrawal the necessary mass for her breast expansion uniformly from all the rest of her person. She would finish this change about an inch and a half shorter. Lying down, she likely wouldn't notice, but it was enough to send a twinge into my pussy. She had shrunk - and she'd only just started.

The whirring sound from inside the machine stopped as I got up out of my chair. The sequence was finishing, but the jets of steam were still coming out of the machine for a time as it cooled off. I could already tell the room was hotter and more humid; if I was going to use it again, I'd have to open a window unless I wanted to risk shorting something out. It would be a few minutes before it would be usable again anyway; in the meantime, it was time to test the product.

I sauntered over to her side. She was gasping and catching her breath, her whole torso twisting and writhing around as the sensitivity of her tits rubbing against the fabric inside her suit drove her wild.

"Ahhhh! What the hell - did - you - do - to - meee!" She wailed again, turning her head aside and gritting her teeth.

"Success!" I laughed to myself. "Hey, be a little happier. Millions of women would give up their life savings for a bigger rack, let alone a pair like these."

Before she could respond, I took a little pity on her, and began to unbutton the front of her jacket - easy, since all but one button had already popped off. She tried to fight back, but that basically just meant a futile wiggling. It practically flew open as I gave the last button a tug - and I beheld the big round globes... hidden only by a thin, sweat-soaked blouse and a bra.

I could see the outline of her expanded nipples poking through the blouse underneath; her old bra couldn't contain their swollen beauty. The blouse was soaking with her sweat, clinging to her generous, gorgeous boob-mass. I licked my lips, and started to unbutton her blouse... a little more work, it actually could stretch to accommodate her bigger boobies. Her fighting continued, but I won again, easily undoing it, and pulling it open as well.

Her white bra was already undone and slid up her chest as I revealed them. Her new tits were magnificent, even more than I had hoped for. Large brown nipples capped proud Ds, or maybe even F-cups - pleasant globes, their mass sagging only a tiny bit to each side as she laid on her back. It made some sick part of me drool with anticipation that those big jugs were going to shrink down to tiny little grapes along with all the rest of her; she'd have little jiggly things that would fit under my thumbs.

I reached out and took them, one in each hand, pushing them together - eliciting another moan from her. I bent forward, opening my mouth, meeting her panicked eyes as I found one nipple. I felt her whole body go tense underneath me as the pleasure shot directly into her mind. Her tits were incredibly sensitive now - equally sensitive as her clit. I sucked harder, taking most of the big nipple into my mouth. I hopped up for a moment, straddling her helpless body with my own smaller one as I came back down to lick and suck at her other nipple.

It didn't take long. I switched back and forth, teasing her a few times before I pressed them both together and licked both goodies on offer. Her moans became a low wail, and I felt her tenseness slacken as waves of pleasure washed out of her tits throughout her whole body. I'd induced my first boob-gasm. The vacant, happy look on her face was beautiful - if only for a few moments. As I came back up, she shook herself, squirming in the restraints, and - still panting, but gathering her thoughts again - raged at me.

"You bitch! What the fuck is this! Some kind of drug?" She tried to kick her legs free, and failed.

"Oh, don't be insulting. This is cutting-edge science... I think." I slid off of her and came down to the floor, landing lightly on both of my sneakered feet. I spun around, went over to the machine, and put one hand against it. The steam jets had stopped at some point while I was attacking her breasts. The machine was still a little bit too hot, but it would be usable soon. I bit my lip. What next, I wondered? I glanced at the accumulator's charge indicator on the screen. Still over ninety percent. Excellent.

An idea came to mind. I turned to face her, and walked back to her side. Her eyes went wide as my hands played along her body. I unzipped her skirt, gently sliding it out from under her ass and setting it aside; she wouldn't need it anymore. Beneath, she was wearing plain white panties, just like her bra.

She was surprisingly boring, aside from the push-up bra, but I guess that was just a nod to a man's world that always favored the bigger rack... but she had such an amazing body underneath her outfit! I'd still been kind of hoping to find lacy black panties and tattoos within, though. She already had a fantastic ass, I had to admit; there was nothing for me to improve there.

I wondered for a moment, and thumbed the hem of her panties; in shock, she tried to turn away, but couldn't. I got them halfway down her legs, and she closed her eyes and turned her head partly away in shame. I could see her face was already bright red and tears were forming in her eyes.
