 Chapter 16

Elwyn barely moved when Marcus finally joined her after the long day. He looked down at her sleeping form and he ran his fingers through her hair before he lay down on the bed. She lay on her side and he moved as close as possible, his chest pressed against her back. His arm draped around her moving over her stomach softly, finally stilling when he fell asleep. 

Several hours later her eyes opened, wide awake. She very slowly detached herself from his embrace and moved as silent as night through the tent. She picked up her weapons and slid her cloak over her shoulder. She glanced at him for a moment, watching his sleeping form for several precious minutes before she slipped of the tent. The rest of the camp was silent, all the fires were out and all were asleep. She moved into the forest easily, taking a deep breath of the cool night air. But she knew she couldn't linger. She began to move quickly through the woods, moving surely as if the sun had been high in the sky with every detail of the wood illuminated.

She traveled for several hours, ever so often pausing to glance up at the moon to see what time it was and where her position was in relation to the stars. As she moved her mind kept going back to Marcus and she felt a strange pain in her chest when she imagined his sleeping form. But she had no choice. He would die if he came with her. She would have to convince her people herself. She would not risk loosing he whom she loved more then her own life. A bitter sweet smile curved her lips as she thought perhaps she now knew how Siana felt before she died. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a sound behind her. She stopped and her hand moved to her short sword strapped to her thigh. She slowly turned and looked around, barely moving so not draw more attention to herself. Her heart began to race with the adrenaline she always felt before battle. She drew her sword in readiness but she didn't see anyone even with her keen Elven slight. 

Suddenly a hand grabbed her wrist that held her blade and another hand covered her mouth, pulling her back against a male body. A cry escaped but was muffled against the hand as the person behind her twisted her arm behind her back, stopping as she dropped her sword, short of causing serious pain. Elwyn's mind raced at how to get out of the strangers grip when she heard an all too familiar voice whispering in her ear.

"My Sweet Princess did you really think you would leave me behind?" Her eyes widened with fury and he loosened his grip letting her pull away and turn to him.

"Marcus! You scared me to death, damn you" she said as she picked up her blade, having half a mind to use it on him but she sheathed it at her thigh. He crossed his arms over his chest, looking very angry. "You were supposed to be asleep" she muttered as she turned and continued walking. 

He reached out and grabbed her arm and pulled her hard to him, his hand threading through her hair and pulling back so he could look into her eyes. Elwyn winced and he loosened his grip slightly but gave no intentions of releasing her. He held her there until she finally met his eyes. "It could have been anyone behind you in the dark. You are still not fully recovered because your senses aren't back to normal. I was expecting you to hear me moving behind you long before now." 

She tried to pull away from him but he held her firmly against him, her hands pushing at his chest. "Let me go Marcus, you brute!" 

He shook his head as he continued to hold her tight. He didn't know if he wanted to make love to her or strangle her. "Not a chance my sweet. Not before we come to an understanding." Elwyn finally calmed down and looked up at him, forcing her temper to cool. He stared into her eyes seeing the stubbornness there, and the resignation, and even in the darkness he could see the sparks of her love for him. 

Marcus leaned in and kissed her softly and her lips remained cold, sealed against his mouth. She wanted it not to affect her, wanting to stay angry with him. His lips moved softly, coaxing her response as his tongue moved over her lips, trying to tease them apart so he could deepen the kiss. He felt her begin to relax in his arms and he held her tighter, supporting her and he whispered "Yes Elwyn. Open up for me." He continued kissing her until her lips parted softly and his tongue gently caressed hers. Marcus calmly pulled back and looked down at her face, and was surprised to see the pain in her eyes.

"You were supposed to be safe" she whispered, feeling as if her heart would break. 

He smiled a bitter sweet smile and moved one hand over her cheek. "I am safe, Love. I'm here with you." He laughed softly and said "I'm just lucky that I had Garenth watching the tent in case you decided to take matters into your own hands. You nearly got away from me once in the same manner if you remember, but even then didn't succeed. What made you think it would work now?" 

Her eyes widened and her brows furrowed a bit, seemingly angry again. "Infuriating man" she muttered, not giving him the benefit of the answer to the rhetorical question "I knew I should have drugged you before I left." 

He could only grin, seeing her frustration. "Did I mention you are beautiful when your angry." 

She curled her hand in a fist and punched his shoulder, knowing the armor would protect him from the force of the blow. He laughed softly and slowly released his hold on her, his hand sliding down to clasp her hand and brought it to his lips before they began walking again in the darkness. There was tension between them as they walked the air thick with words unsaid. Finally as dawn crept over the horizon they came to a small glade with tall grass. 

"We should rest until dusk" she said. She lay her cloak down, crushing the waist high grass to the ground.

"Will you run away again?" She didn't look at him but she shook her head no. She curled up on the cloak and he lay down beside her the same way they had been earlier. But this time it was as if she was pulling herself from him, keeping her distance even as he lay pressed his body tight to hers. Marcus gently turned her towards him and gathered her to his chest. "It will all be alright, I promise. We will make them understand." She pressed her cheek to his chest feeling the cold armor as her arms wrapped around him. He lifted her chin to look into his eyes and said softly "I need you to believe it will be alright Elwyn. Despair will only be our downfall." 

She shook her head and whispered "You are young and full of hope Marcus. I have seen too much. And you don't know the world I left behind." He kissed her forehead and rocked her gently. Normally he would have been offended being labeled as young. He was a man by human years and had been for some time. But it was the way Elwyn said it so gently, and as if it was a blessing more precious than the gems in the mines, so he didn't argue. A single tear trickled down her cheek she allowed herself this moment of weakness, knowing when she got back around her people, she would no longer have the luxury. One muscle at a time relaxed in her body till she was limp in his arms and sleep took hold. Only after he was sure that she was asleep did he allow his eyes to close as well.

Chapter 17

They woke as the sun went down. As they walked it seemed that Elwyn was only a shadow of the woman he had come to know. Her head was held high and there was no emotion in the depths of her eyes. Silence suffocated them like the cloak of darkness. They lost track of time and their pace slowed as the forest grew thicker around them. Elwyn reached out and took Marcus' hand in hers and gave him a slight nod that they were entering the territory of the elves. He felt her hand tighten as she continued to lead him into the ever darkening wood. 

Suddenly she stopped dead in her tracks and his hand went to his blade. Elwyn moved her hand to cover his, shaking her head no. She looked around and ever so slowly began to continue forward. Suddenly there was a soft glow around them, illuminating the eight arrow heads pointed at them from all directions. Elwyn stood straighter and it was Marcus's turn to tighten his grip on her hand. The figures around them parted slightly and a tall elf with long blond hair and eyes as blue as the summers sky stepped forward, a sword in one hand and a lantern in the other.

"What do we have here?" the voice asked. With her free hand Elwyn pulled back the hood of the cloak she was wearing and there was a collective gasp from the men surrounding them. The arrows lowered slightly and the leader whom had spoke stepped forward and said in a shocked voice "We thought you were dead." They all stood with mouth slightly agape as they stared at her, paying little attention to the human man who held her hand. 

A soft diplomatic smile curved her lips as she spoke. "It is good to see you again too Koren." It was then that the sentry looked to the human and the other elves began to raise their bows when her hand moved up signaling them to stop. 

Koren stepped forward and held the light up closer to her face. "Is it truly you Elwyn?" 

Elwyn removed her cloak and handed it to Marcus before turning her back to Koren. She slid her hands back through her hair, pulling it to one side over her shoulder, revealing a mark on the back of her neck that Marcus had never noticed before. The mark was small green tree with a golden crown around the top branches but it didn't look as if it had been placed there with ink, as if the color had grown into her skin reflecting the nature of her bloodline. It was the mark of kings so the rightful heir to the throne would always be known. She turned back to those present "Satisfied?"

Koren smiled and held his hand out to hers. Elwyn took Koren's hand in hers in a firm grip and the elf drew her closer and brought her hand to his lips pressing a gentle kiss on the top of her hand. Marcus became even more uneasy as he watched the Elven sentry pull Elwyn from him. 

"But Elwyn, What happened to you." He then turned and looked to Marcus and grimaced 

"And how came you back to us with this human" said one of the other elves surrounding them, the distaste in his voice more then evident. 

She took a deep breath and said in a firm voice, so unlike the soft kindness in her words of late. "The story is a long and dark one. But it will not be told now. Let it suffice that this man saved me from bondage and was my safeguard on my return here."  

Koren turned towards Marcus and took a step towards him and offered a hand to him. Marcus took it as the sentry spoke "Thanks to you the prayers of our people have been answered. You are welcome here for as long as you would stay. But I must ask for your weapons. They will be kept safe until you leave." It was easy to tell that Marcus didn't like the idea at all. Elwyn looked towards him, her face stoic and unreadable. He gazed into her eyes and found nothing but a steel wall around her emotions. Reluctantly he pulled off all his weapons, even the hidden ones and handed them to Koren with a nod. The sentry gave a soft smile and put Marcus' weapons on his own back before asking "And what is the name of your rescuer Princess?" as he turned back to Elwyn. 

Before she could speak Marcus spoke up. "My name is Marcus." Koren blanched and turned to the human.

"The Marcus? The human general? The Butcher?" 

Marcus winced noticeably with the accusation in the other mans voice. "If you would but hear me and understand I am not the man I was." 

One of the other sentries, a younger elf, unsheathed his sword and came up to Marcus from behind and pressed the blade against his throat. Before the young elf or Marcus could react Elwyn reached for Koren and pulled his personal blade and held it pressed against the young elf's neck. "Put down your sword" she said with such command the young man trembled slightly. 

"But Princess...he is a murderer. He is responsible for killing my father, my brothers..." She narrowed her eyes without saying another word and finally the younger elf backed away and reshiethed his sword. Marcus held his tongue and rubbed his neck slightly.

"This man has my protection until the council should judge otherwise. You have my word that he will cause no harm here" she said.

he men looked back and forth with anger apparent in their eyes. "M'Lady" Koren stepped forward "We are grateful for having you back among us again, but it does not abolish the crimes this man has inflicted upon us." 

She narrows her eyes to Koren, but his gentle tone kept her emotions in check. "He will not be harmed while I still breathe. Put him in chains if it makes you feel better but you would be as savage as the humans when we go to them for parley if you take that action." Elwyn was standing facing Koren and couldn't see the hurt in Marcus's eyes with her words making it seem as if she cared nothing for him. But finally Koren backed down. 

He spoke loud so all around them could here. "So decreed by the princess, this man will have amnesty until the council passes judgment. He will be guarded at all times but will not be harmed." Finally the arrows surrounding Marcus were lowered and put away. Koren began to lead the way with Elwyn walking beside him. The other seven sentries surrounded Marcus as they walked deeper into the forest towards the last remaining parts of what was the great kingdom of elves.

Chapter 18

They walked deep into the forest, night turning to total blackness as the moon disappeared over the mountains. It was all Marcus could do to keep his footing when he couldn't even see his hand in front of his face. But the others in the party seemed to move with ease. Dawn was beginning to creep over the horizon by the time they reached a large clearing in the center of the woods. At last Marcus understood why Elwyn had no wish to be back among her people. What he saw shocked him to the bone. No longer did the elves make their homes in tree tops, bound to the ground in tents. Children slept outside with only the stars for their blankets. Women who were younger than Elwyn had grown old in their grief of their fallen husbands and sons. 

Even Elwyn it had seemed had changed. All emotion was absent from her face as she gazed upon her scattered people. There was a darkness to her eyes that he had only glimpsed occasionally as she struggled to heal over the previous months. There was now a rawness with the reopening of those wounds but now there was not even anger to fester away at her and comfort her grief. Simply, Nothingness. 

As they walked those around began to wake and come out of the tents, whispers echoing in the early morning silence. All began to follow, wondering if indeed it was the princess and wondering who the human being guarded so closely was. 

The words spread like wildfire and as they reached the tent of meeting a tall burly elf decked for battle emerged. He wore thick plated armor over his broad torso and his long blond hair was tied back in an intricate braid. His face was stern and proud, his chin high as he gazed upon the princess for several long moments as they stood face to face. All had gone silent as the tension between the two grew. 

Finally the man broke the tension and smiled and stepped forward to take her hand. "How wonderful too see you alive and well, dear Elwyn." There was a flash of some anger in her eyes but she let her hand slide into his none the less. She was very aware that he hadn't used her title, and had done so purposefully. 

"It has been a long time Donovan." She glanced over his armor seeing the leaf clusters on his shoulders "Moved up in ranks since I was captured I see?" 

His smile widened but there was no mirth or laughter in it. "Yes indeed Princess. It is General Donovan now." He brought her hand to his lips with a soft kiss before releasing it. She began to understand the undertones of his words but she only made small recognition of the fact. It was then that Donovan looked up to see who was standing amidst all his soldiers. 

His eyes widened and a cruel smile curved his face. "Oh it can not be. Not the mighty Marcus? The Butcher has come to pay his respects" he said as he began to draw his sword and move towards Marcus. There was a collective gasp and a step back from the crowd, leaving the center of the clearing free for what all assumed would be a battle to the death. Before Donovan could reach Marcus, Elwyn stepped between them. Marcus closed his eyes for a moment, resisting the flashback that played on repeat in his mind of Siana giving her life for his in much the same manner. 

"It is Marcus." She began to speak loudly so all who had gathered could hear. By now all the elves in the encampment were awake and crowding closer to hear her words. "This is also the man who saved my life. He has come to us now in a Parley of peace and is under my protection. No harm shall come to him until the council has passed judgment." 

There was a laugh from behind her as Donovan replied "There is no Council Princess. That died with you." 

Elwyn ignored the challenge in the generals eyes and continued to speak to the crowd. "Then we shall appoint a new council. But first I would beseech all to listen to my tale before you pass judgment on this man." She spoke for several hours, telling of how she was captured and tortured, passed from slaver to slaver until finally it was Marcus who showed her kindness. She left out the part about falling in love knowing it would only worsen a bad situation. She told them how he had saved her life more than once and begged for the help of her people to end a war no one wanted to continue fighting. The crowd listened patiently, absorbed in her tale. 

Marcus watched Elwyn in all her glory and remembered the day he had first seen her. Her shining armor, her long braided hair caught by the wind, her sword drawn and pointed towards the east and the hope that the dawn brought to all. She was more breathtaking now than she was then. But as she told the tale dread filled his heart, and pain. He knew it was not yet the right time to confess their love, but it pained him all the same to keep it secret. She finally stepped down and turned to the guards and said "Pitch a tent for me and beside it a smaller one for our Guest. Guard each entrance to his tent but do not harm him." She glanced into Marcus's eyes for the briefest of moments before walking into the tent of meeting with the General close at her heals.

The guards ushered Marcus off, doing as commanded and sometime later he found himself sitting in a sparsely furnished tent alone with his thoughts. Finally he got restless of waiting and he moved to the doorway. 

Koren stood just beside the front entrance and turned as he saw him. "Is there something that you lack sir?" the elf asked. 

Marcus shook his head and leaned against the pole of the tent lightly. "What is taking them so long?" Marcus was getting frustrated even though he knew they had to go through the preliminaries of setting up a government so he could talk politics.

"It has been long since there has been order among our people." Koren grimaced slightly before continuing "General Donovan has taken that role of late. But it has been more of a monarchy then our line of kings ever was."

"How do you mean?"

"Well It wasn't just the Monarch making decisions in days of old. There was the High Council of Elders and the Senate, the latter usually made up of the younger of our people. When a law was to be passed all needed a majority. Only in time of war and chaos would the Monarch ever make supreme decisions." 

Marcus's face was grim as he listened. "And that is the position Donovan has taken?" 

The elf smiled a bitter sweet smile "Very observant." Marcus frowned as his mind raced. He knew that meant that Elwyn was in danger, and not just from her enemies in the human court. Donovan couldn't have been pleased considering Elwyn's presence threatened to take his new found power away. 
