 Moving languidly to the side and stretching lightly. Her feet drop over the side of the bed as she sits up...looking over her shoulder at him with a playful little smile and a wink as her hair cascades softly down her body like a blanket of soft golden silk. Setting the covers aside and standing..her feet sinking in the deep plush carpet, as she steps over to the heavy drapes hanging from the double French doors. With a happy laugh she throws the drapes back letting the moon light dance into the room, bathing it in a soft white light. 

Silhouetted in the soft shimmering rays of the light, her skin bathed softly, like a lovers caress, she looks like a statue...staring to the heavens, as they bestow upon her the mysteries of the universe and all the secrets of time itself. Looking back to him, the light dancing softly across the huge bed, his form outlined under the sheet as he props himself on an elbow to watch her. The knowing smile parting his lips as his teeth flash white as the smile widens. Pushing open the French doors she turns away walking, with the smooth grace of a woman aware of her own strength and power.

As she passes the foot of the bed his gaze follows her, slowly taking in each line of her form..each curve ..knowing that his touch has found each hidden place and explored it thoroughly...as the smile softens knowing he will again and again find those secret places and never tire in exploring them anew each time. Laying back, he pillows his head on his hands.

"Breakfast in bed every day love..?" his soft sensual chuckle moving through the room as she reaches the bathroom door. Her hand on the door, as she leans her naked form to the cool frame...her hair parting like a curtain as her breast peeks through the opening. One leg bent with her inner thigh rests lightly against the frame, as she looks over at the man laying there... 

"As you wish my liege..." spoken in a mocking voice .. filled with a husky passion. His rumbling laughter filling the room as he throws back the covers with the quick flick of his hand. The opulent moonlight dancing on his naked form casting shadows that hide his secret places invitingly. 

His chest bathed in the soft white light as he sits up..the moonlight silhouetting his profile as his gaze moves to her...his tongue slowly gliding around the generous line of his lips, recalling the taste of her silky sweat covered skin. Sliding away from the door she moves into the bathroom with a flash of her bare rear before closing the door slightly. The sound of the water being turned on ... echoes in the silence of the bedroom. Moving with the grace of a cat on the hunt he slides from the bed...his arms stretching above him, muscles dancing tight and rigid as they strain against his skin. With silent, graceful steps he moves to the bathroom door..hand on the frame.... waiting. The click of the shower doors closing, the sound of the water changing, he pushes the door ajar, stepping through ...his gaze moving to the frosted glass of the shower doors, watching her as she lifts her hands run through her hair..the water cascading down her silky naked body. 

Muffled moans and sounds of pleasure reaching his ears as he watches the water caress her like a lover...his eyes lighting with a mischievous glint as his lips curve to a secretive smile. Quietly closing the door ...he reaches over to the counter his hand closing on the sponge sitting there. Turning ...he waits as she turns...the curve of her back presented to him as his gaze darkens and his tongue moves to wet his lips before carefully opening the door ..stepping in and closing silently. Her soft whimpers and moans becoming louder as he lifts the soap ...lathering the sponge generously. His gaze moving from the top of her golden head ..slowly down to her shoulder and following the soft curve of her firmly rounded behind..and down her long sensuous legs. Stepping right up behind her, his hands circling her waist, the sponge grazes her taut, flat stomach, moving in soft, slow strokes. The sudden moan pulled from her throat as she leans back against his muscled chest..invokes a deep throaty chuckle from him. 

His hands moving in a slow caress against her skin as his hips press hard against her ....his cock stirring in reaction to the feel of her wet slick skin. Lowering his head letting his lips graze her neck with a feather like touch...his breath cool as his tongue flicks out tracing the taut cord from under her ear to her shoulder. Her sudden intake of breath urges him to continue the exploration with lips and hands...her head falling back against his solid shoulder as his hand continues to lather her wet, slick skin. Her hands slowly lowering to reach and grasp the sides of his muscled thighs, her nails grazing the sensitive skin as she moves her palms up and down as far as she can reach. Her lips parting slightly as moans of pleasure and whimpers of desire escape mingling with the sounds of the running water. 

"Let me help you..I'll wash your back for you....love.." His voice husky with desire. The sponge moving in lazy circles lower on her stomach as the other hand slides up along her rib cage turning to cup the underside of her breast in his palm. His thumb moving slowly across the tip of her breast ...from one side to the other as the sponge moves down past he naval...caressing and stroking ever lower. Feeling the tremor pass through her body as she leans against him, her throaty moan, bringing a smile to his lips as he continues to press his hips tightly to hers. 

A growl rumbling up from his throat as her nails dig into the sides of his thighs and his manhood stiffens, pressed against the rounded curve of her behind. Her tongue slides out worrying the curve of her upper lip as she whimpers, pressing back harder against him...catching her bottom lip in her teeth as the goosebumps rise on her breast. Sliding a hand across the front of his thigh ....pressing it between them, as the water hits her sensitive skin, running in rivets down her breasts and stomach. Her fingers seeking to find and stroke his manhood with a featherlight touch. The hand cupping her breast closing softly, gently kneading and caressing the firm orb as the sponge drops from his fingers to the shower floor. Quickly spreading his hand to her warmth and pressing to her probing with some urgency. The feral groan against her neck as the movement of her fingers make him shudder...the passion growing quickly as he presses her against the shower wall. 

"Do you know what you do to me..." his voice thick with want and desire...

"Do you know the power you have to ..excite and drive me to the point of no return." The whimper and moan from her ..as she presses against him and the warmth of the shower wall...her fingers teasing and playing as she can only nod her head..... calling out in a passionate moan as his hips thrust forward swiftly impaling himself deep within her warmth...his guttural growl against her ear stilling her as their movements become as one in a rhythmic dance of passion. Moans of pleasure..whimpers of unleashed passion fill the room as the two become lost again in each other. The love....the desire.... the uncontrolled passion ... as they become as one..shutting out the rest of the world. Lost in a realm of their own making.