 I was sitting out in the sunroom, relaxing on a heated lounge chair with a mimosa, wearing only my favorite thick terry robe - its light pink fuzziness enveloping my nakedness. I'd opened a few windows, and the cool midday breeze drafted over my face and cleavage, contrasting sharply to the comfortable warmth I otherwise enjoyed. The only other sounds at the moment were a few bird calls and other sounds of nature.

I put my drink down on the table next to me - which was otherwise occupied by eight-inch-tall Summer, who was far more busy than I was. She had dressed comfortably in a pair of form-fitting jeans - you have no idea how hard those are to have made for a girl her size - and a long-sleeved thermal cotton shirt that perfectly contoured her wondrous round tits and slim figure.

Her brunette locks were tied back in a ponytail, and her face told me she was in work mode. She had her phone up on its kickstand out in front of her, and was tapping away at it with both hands - writing an email to someone, I guess. Her last hour had been paying bills and organizing spreadsheets.

I took another drink. I wouldn't have thought running your own kinky shrunken-girls porn website would involve more of writing emails and stuff than the actual sex and editing together of videos thereof - but okay, whatever. The money was good.

The room I was in was spacious, with windows on three sides and only the lounge chair and a few shelves and small tables to decorate it. An old ceiling fan slowly twirled above me as I nibbled at the pop-tart I had toasted an hour ago.

I heard her only when she got very close. Vanessa, now a mere eighteen inches tall, was padding over to me, scowling and looking to and fro like she expected a predator to leap out at any time. At her newfound size, I suppose it's a normal instinct when one lives in a world seemingly made for giants; the other girls had done the same in their first few weeks as toys. I could see bags under her eyes, likely from only having gotten to bed after sunrise. I'd let her sleep in a bit, but we'd get her fixed up with some warm milk soon.

She was wearing... I actually had to pause for a second and figure it out. It was one of the scarves that I used to use as a bed for Summer; it must have still been laying around in some corner. Red and gray merino wool was bundled all about her shrunken body, almost from head to toe, giving her this awkward waddle as she came in - I could barely make out where her tiny fingers poked out the sides.

Two more feet of scarf dragged behind her, causing her to almost trip at one point when her toe caught on it. Did she put it on by just lying down at one end then rolling over? I almost wanted to make her re-do it, just to watch.

"Morning, V." I smiled, taking another sip of my mimosa. Summer perked up, turning toward her.

"What time is it?" She scowled, looking around.

I waved a hand. "We don't keep a lot of clocks around here. One thing you'll learn - time isn't super important to us."

Summer piped in, glancing at Vanessa as she spoke. "It's just past two, Mistress."

"Well, there you go." I nodded, holding up my drink to her. "How's life at... ahh, how small were you again?" I gave an exaggerated pondering gesture, frowning as I stared off into space with a fist under my chin.

"She's ei-" Summer caught herself, suddenly realizing I wasn't seriously asking.

"I'm EIGHT-FUCKING-TEEN INCHES TALL, RACHEL!" Vanessa shouted it as loud as she could, which amounted to little more than a normal person's outdoor voice - though a bit higher and softer, owing to her reduced size. Her fists were balled at her sides and she stamped a foot. She took a couple breaths, and gathered herself - if only a little. "And if you're asking - in my opinion, being small sucks. It fucking sucks for eighteen reasons."

I shrugged. "She doesn't like it, Summer."

Summer beamed at me. "Becoming your toy is the best thing that ever happened to me, Mistress. For eight reasons, but also a lot more than eight."

Summer. Such a perfect little toy. I stroked her hair briefly, then glanced back at Vanessa as I stood up - towering far above her, and walking toward her. She took a few steps back, involuntarily. I approached her, silently, coming up close until my bare feet were only a couple inches from hers. Her head came up to about the middle of my thigh.

I remained there for a moment, letting her stare up at me - eyes wide. She swallowed once, then a second time, trembling in place - but still holding her ground, not running... useless though that would be.

"So, Vaness-" I began, then stopped as she gave a start then fell abruptly backward, onto the sculpted and toned ass I'd made sure she had again before we started really shrinking her last night. I snorted then laughed aloud, watching her face go red as she scrambled back to her feet.

"Fuck you." She mumbled, just barely loud enough for me to hear.

I suddenly came down into a squat, vaguely aware of how it put my sex on plain display but not really caring. I still loomed high above her, my face filling her field of view. She still shook in place, face bright red - but stood her ground. I smiled. I was right - shrinking her bit by bit like this, seeing how she reacted... it was so fun. So rewarding.

"You know, Vanessa, if those eighteen reasons are so awful, we could always make it nine." I gave a wide smirk, tilting my head and letting my black locks sway to one side, brushing against her for a moment.

"Wha-" She froze now, too scared to even shake. Her face paled, and I could swear I even heard her teeth chatter. "No. Don't-"

I thought aloud for a moment. "Or less, for that matter. Six? Four?"

Summer piped up again behind us, gesturing toward my tablet - which sat next to her. "I can get the machine ready right now, Mistress."

"I... no... I..." I could hear her breathing pick back up, and saw her fists balling up again. Summoning her willpower. Ice crept into her voice, and anger. "So... you're breaking your word? No more rounds of your game?"

"What? I'd never break my word to you, little V!" I gave her an exaggerated face of contrition. "Just, you were complaining about your size, so I thought I'd offer. I'm glad to make you shrink for me. In fact - keep it in mind, if you ever decide to just give in... say the word. I'll skip right to the end and shrink you to the perfect size, and I might even throw in a little bonus."

She was silent for a time, mouth open as if to speak once, then twice - then finally, she glared at me, folding her arms and setting her jaw. "Like hell!"

I smiled as I stood back up, enjoying how her neck craned back to look far above at me as she did. She was trying hard to put up a front, but I knew Vanessa. That had been hesitation. She was already wondering what the 'bonus' was. A part of her wanted this - or was at least starting to understand how much better things would be once she was shrunk. I just needed to peel away the residual ugliness and venom in her, and make her see the light.

I must have been staring down at her for a minute, lost in my thoughts. "Well?" Vanessa said it aloud, as if expecting something, but I didn't say anything - just staring down at her. She wrapped the scarf around herself more tightly, dropping into a crouch. "It's cold! At least find me something more comfortable, and a space heater or something... and close the windows!"

I raised an eyebrow at her commands, ignoring them as I shrugged. I supposed it was a little chilly for a spring day, which would affect her much more readily in her current state. "Hmm... no, you don't get anything if you talk to me like that, little V. You have to ask your Mistress nicely. By the way - retaining heat gets harder the smaller you get. There's a long-term fix, but it'll have to wait until the game is over. In the meantime..."

"But - waaaaaaAAAHH!"

I had snatched her up off the floor, quickly unwrapping the scarf off her and tossing it away in a rumpled mess as I lifted her nude body up to my chest. A gorgeous little blonde bombshell - given, with no small amount of help from the artist's touch of Summer, guiding the machine's energy to sculpt a fantastic body that we'd shrink down together.

I spoke softly now. "There... much warmer."

Plum-sized breasts pressed to my skin as I brought her close - slipping her athletic legs into my warm robe and her body between my tits, nestling her head to my neck. Silken gold locks flowed over the hand I used to hold her, and I could feel the play of her impressive physique against my palm and fingers as she squirmed briefly, then seemed to stop fighting. Had she still been her previous size - over six feet - she could easily have overpowered a scrawny, petite girl like me. 

Everything about her lithe frame seemed to all flow toward her perfectly shaped ass, which I invited myself to fondle with a free hand. Even as small as she was, her ass felt so taut and round. She tried to push my wandering hand away, but at her size it was hopeless, and soon her nude body was pressed hard to my skin as she shivered for a while longer until my body heat infused her.

"You really did come out well. You should thank Summer." I nodded toward the little brunette, who'd returned to whatever she was doing online. "Even back when, you didn't look this good." I ran a finger up her side, from her ass to her shoulder, then beneath her chin and down her chest - pressing down on each boob in turn, until I reached her bare sex.

She tried to squeeze her legs together, but that, too, was hopeless; my wiggling finger easily found her tiny clit. It made her body tremble in my grasp, eliciting a giggle from me. I pulled my finger away long before she could cum.

"Damnit..." Her hips had just started to buck as she complained again. I couldn't see her face from this angle, but I knew the tone well - yet also the frustrated trembling in her waist. So resistant to my touch, yet so eager for it. "You're making me want this!" I felt her little fingernails digging into the skin of my collarbone.

"Am I though...?" I smiled at her, and saw Summer staring at us out of the corner of my eye. I glanced at her, seeing she was playing with her sex. I mouthed at her - not yet - and she stopped right away, pulling her slick fingers up to her mouth and licking them clean, smiling at me.

I gently laid back on the lounger, keeping Vanessa close to my chest. As soon as I had my legs on it, I gently plucked her fingers off my collarbone - toys weren't allowed to harm their Mistress. I spoke again as I laid back, wondering how much my voice reverberated through her skull in this position. "I did a lot of things to you, Vanessa, but I didn't do anything to your sex drive. I might later, but I haven't yet. Something about your... hmm... reduced state, is making you horny. Very horny. Maybe you're starting to like it."

"Now you're lying." She abruptly shook, freeing herself - to my surprise - then scooted downward, burying much of her lower body under my robe and planting her feet on my thighs. Her upper body now was between my tits. She folded her arms again under her generous breasts, propping her face up and looking me in the eye again. "You zapped my brain with your machine. You're cheating and you know it."

"That was only for last night, with Mr. Strawberry. You really believe I did anything to your sex drive beyond that, Vanessa?" I laughed. "You were always a horny bitch. I remember you would use me to get off two or three times a day sometimes when you were studying and didn't have time for men."

I pulled her body upward, again revealing her bare breasts - to see that her nipples were now obviously stuff. Little liar. "This is different, Vanessa, and we both know that. Summer and Jennifer - I did a little pushing in their heads, make them like what they are now. You, though... I think in some way you've been waiting to shrink for me, all your life."

"No!" She shouted it, but it came out as little more than a wail. "No no no!"

I let her rant at me for a few minutes, only smiling at her. She was so cute at this size, especially when she was mad. All those memories of being scared of her, always having to satisfy her every whim - they seemed so distant. The new doll-sized Vanessa's arrogant voice had been made so high and fragile. All she had to do was shrink a little more...

Summer kept working the whole time - she could be quite focused when she didn't have a pussy or boob in front of her. A while later, Vanessa was finally talking in a more calm tone, and pointed at the camera. "Hey - what about last night's test? Obviously I passed. You didn't shrink me any more."

"Hmmm... maybe you did pass..." I looked at the camera, picking it up. "... but if keep mouthing off like this morning, and I might revisit my decision."

She froze again, and I could sense her trembling - though her eyes never left mine this time. Her bitchiness evaporated in an instant. I smiled, hefting the camera again. "Let's watch it again."

I flicked it on, tabbing to the last clip. Summer looked up to watch as well.

"Hiiii!" Vanessa's face appeared on the screen, taking up much of it; she looked almost normal-sized, if not for the blanket beneath her being curiously close for her face's position. "I'm Vanessa... oh, I've got to keep it down. Got a secret for you all - I planned this."

She gave a short giggle, and we could see the tops of her boobs jiggling as she did it. "See, I was a huge fan of Pocket Lovers, and these two..." -she pointed the camera briefly toward Summer and Jennifer, who were asleep in a tangled pile in front of my bare breast- "... and I figured out the secret of where they live. So I gave it all up, and came here - hoping to shrink!"

She was shuffling backwards now on the screen, her whole nude self coming into view. With her legs spread, she began gently masturbating herself with her new best friend - the strawberry from last night - as she continued. Her voice was still low, but audible. "See, they think they caught me. They think they're punishing me for breaking in and all. But the truth is - there's nothing I wanted more than this! I want so bad to shrink into a Pocket Lover... and look how small I am already!"

The strawberry was moving fast now, and she was biting her lip, boobs swaying with her movement as she briefly lost herself in self-pleasure. Her eyes went back to the camera for a while longer, gaze smoldering as she played with herself.

"Wanna know a secret?" She said it between long, gasping breaths as the movement of the strawberry increased. "Every time I shrink... it feels better. It's like being smaller just... focuses even more pleasure into your smaller body... so the more I shrink, the better every little thing feels. If I keep this up... pretty soon... I think even a gust of wind would make me cum. And oh my god - cumming when you're this small - it's like it happens through your entire body! It's only going to get better, too!"

She pinched a nipple with a free hand after saying it, and immediately grimaced. The raw sensation had to be overwhelming when she wasn't yet used to it - and from the way her hips bucked and she began moaning, that alone had taken her to the brink of orgasm. "Ohhhhh gooooddd!" She wailed, then let her hand slap back onto the strawberry.

I licked my lips as we got to the next part. I'd watched it together with Summer and Jennifer this morning, several times already - but it was still incredibly hot to watch her slowly begin to shove the strawberry's tip inside herself. The extra-stretchy tissue I'd imbued her pussy with made it possible, if only barely. I hadn't wanted her strawberry adventure to be so painful it tortured or scarred her - just a learning experience for her new life as my toy.

Her face and chest were turning red and she began leaning further back as the area under her mons bulged outward, the strawberry impossibly large to fit - had her body still been entirely natural. Still, she kept on, pushing it until the berry was halfway into her body, then gasping several times aloud and catching her breath. One finger teased her clit mercilessly, and the other hand very suddenly began a violent self-fucking motion with the strawberry.

It was beautiful - even though it didn't even last a minute. We'd supercharged her sex drive for the night, and it didn't take her long to cum with that kind of stimulation. She writhed and moaned, the strawberry still bulging out of her lower body when she came. Vanessa fell backward, arching her back and wailing aloud. Her body trembled in place, muscles tense, little toes curling and tiny fingernails digging into the skin of the strawberry - juice running down its sides and her thighs.

I was surprised I hadn't woken up during this - I could see my boobs in the background still, rising and falling steadily; no hint of waking. The strawberry slid out gradually afterward from Vanessa, as she fell onto her side, gasping and visibly shaking as the aftershocks of her orgasm pulsed through her.

She laid there for a good minute before hobbling upward, glancing around and getting her bearings before looking toward the window; it was clearly getting near sunrise, the room was brightening up. She flicked off the camera soon after, presumably crashing once the effect on her sex drive wore off.

I put the camera down, stroking Vanessa's hair. "I have to say - I was surprised. All three of us were. Two of us even believed it. You passed."

"I - okay. Wait. The brunette, okay, but the other..." Vanessa sounded confused, glancing between myself and Summer. "Raych - you know I couldn't have-" I abruptly gave one of her boobs a squeeze, which interrupted her - making her frown. She started again, but I did the same with the opposite. She tried to slap my fingers away, which failed of course. "Raych! Which two?"

"Hmmm... not telling." I smiled at her, playing with her wonderful little boobs between my fingers.

She frowned, but didn't resist this time as my hands caressed and groped her freely. From head to toe I closely inspected her miniaturized beauty, but as my fingers slid across her skin, gently squeezing and holding warm, supple toy-flesh, I began to sense things only an experienced handler of shrunk girls would know from a simple touch.

"Your joints are sore... and you're still tired." I paused, thinking for a moment as a finger ran over her taut stomach. "... Hungry, too."

Vanessa faced me again - and this close I could see the bags under her eyes, the sallow tint to her face. Glaring at me, she answered. "What did you fucking expect? You made me stay up all night fucking a strawberry and lying to a camera. I ache, and I'm too tired to even go back to sleep right now." She looked around, trying not to meet my gaze for a while, then we both heard a tiny sound as her stomach growled. 

I smiled as "You know, my milk will solve all three of those things." I pushed her down toward my stomach - ignoring her confused expression for a moment as I pulled down the shoulders of my robe, shaking it off then relaxing again, breasts bare. Her eyes went wide as she stared at my milk-laden tits, suddenly realizing what I wanted as I let a tiny squirt go from one nipple.

"What? No - I - just give me some of that." She pointed to my mimosa and pop-tart.

I shook my head. I'd already planned this in the morning. "It's time for you to learn about how toy girls like you are fed. This is the next challenge, Vanessa." I picked up my phone, setting up a timer, then putting it aside next to Summer for her to watch. She nodded, sidling up in front of it. I gave her the camera, which she took - barely able to carry it - and ran across the table to mount on the drone again.

I turned back to Vanessa. "This is the next round of the game, Vanessa. You have ten minutes to drain every drop of milk from my boobs... fail, and it's down to nine inches tall for you." Half her current eighteen inches.
