 Thea was a young inexperienced Journalist fresh out of University in Cardiff. She stood at 5ft 3 and had silky strawberry blonde hair that ends halfway down her back. She had been interning at a news station for over a year now and had been looking for a big story that could land a full time job in Journalism. Her old tutor Victor Wilson, a tall man who stands at 6ft 7 with a full head of greying hair, told her on her last day in class that he overheard one of the advanced science tutors talking about working on a device that can shrink objects to the size of a child's doll. Intrigued by the story she asked Victor who he heard say this and he told her that it was one of three. The first Scott Mason, a young professor and new to the University, he is an averaged size man at 5ft 10 and has recently had a daughter and named her Faye. Logically he was working on this machine to make unique toys for his daughter. Second is an older man named Gavin Wilson, 5ft 6 and has been teaching at the University the longest. He has always kept to himself, only really talking to the other science professors. Third is a man called Pete Stephens who stands at 6ft 3, and not too much is known about him. He isn't a loner by any means. He's always talking to students and other professors; he just directs conversations away from his personal life. 

One by one she set up quick interviews with each person and took note of any irregular movement, eye contact, and/or breathing. She finished her third interview and each time they were finished and she looked over the notes she took she found the exact same result. They had no idea what she was talking about. She left them alone after that and got on with her internship, in her spare time she dug up anything she could find on each of the four, she was counting Victor as being in on it given that he was the one to tell her about the story. This went on for a month until she found that Victor every Tuesday, Friday, and Sunday would go to the same warehouse at 8:00pm and would always leave very early in the morning.

Realising this pattern she knew she needed to stakeout the warehouse on the upcoming Friday, which was two days away, and she knew she would need a photographer to help her. She got her phone and called her friend Ashley, a thin tall girl who stood at 6ft 3 with short dark hair that rested nicely on her shoulders, she spent the last three years studying film and photography at the University and she helped Thea out on her projects multiple times. Ashley agreed to help out if Thea could offer payment. Thea only had £200 left in her account, which is why she needed to get this story in order to have money left in her bank after the next load of bills came. Thea asked how much and Ashley replied with a number Thea prayed it wouldn't be. "Seeing as how I'll be there for about 10 hours in a cramped car then I'll need a large sum to pay for all that time. So for my time it'll be £10 an hour, and to insure my equipment that'll be an extra £50 an hour, seeing as how you're my friend I'll give a half off discount, that brings it to..." She paused as she did the math in her head, "... depending on how long we are there it should be between £210 and £300. Sound good?" 

Thea's heart sank; she was being charged every penny she had. Reluctantly she said to Ashley, "Okay. I'll give you £150 when we first get there, and the rest after were done. Deal?" She asked trying to put on a fake smile.

**************

Friday came and Thea drove up to Ashley's house at 6pm and they had a friendly hello, Thea handed over £150 and Ashley climbed in the car with her stills camera and digital camera. They drove for an hour and a half, catching up on each other's lives and Thea filled her in on the story on the way. "Okay, so I got from a source that someone is working on some kind of shrink ray, I tracked my old tutor here as he has connections to a lot of people who would know how to make one of these. Tonight he should arrive at about eight O'clock and we just then need to wait for him to come out before going in ourselves to see what's going on in there." Ashley listened and was really excited about this. The two of them had been on stakeouts in the past and they always had some fun while doing it. They even worked out a method of watching the needed area, while not looking at all. But I'll get to that later. 

They arrived at the warehouse thirty minutes before Victor and Ashley took this time to attach a clamp to the passenger side door while the window was rolled down, atop this clamp she placed her digital camera and plugged an adaptor into the cigarette lighter so the camera would always have power. She then inserted a 60gb SD card into the camera and set it to take a photo every 60 seconds. She then took out her stills camera and laid it in her lap waiting for the opportunity to take photos for Thea. 

**************

The time came and like clockwork Victor pulled up at the warehouse. Thea ducked down as Ashley began zooming in with her stills camera and took photos of Victor as he walked up into the building. She zoomed in on the mechanical, 4-number combo lock and noted down the numbers "8-3-4-7" he stepped inside and Ashley gave the okay for Thea to get up. 

They sat for 3 hours and talked about all kinds of things as they watched the warehouse. It was weird when they first did this, but now it was like routine for them. Ashley would talk about what movies she had seen and gave Thea a little review, then talk about upcoming films and guess how good or bad they would be. She was on a rant about how there are too many Superhero movies nowadays when the warehouse door opened and out walked Victor carrying a bin bag and he took it to the large bin that sat on the streets. Ashley took pictures of him all while he was outside. Then when he was back inside Thea opened her door and grabbed her phone. While setting it to vibrate she told Ashley, "If he comes out again call me." 

She closed the door and quickly moved to the bin. She opened it up and was thankful that it didn't smell too bad. The first time she did this she was with a bin bag from a restaurant that had 3-week old raw pork, expired cheese, and some unrecognisable food inside. She likes to forget about being covered in all that stuff in her hunt for her story of the restaurant dosing their food with drugs to get people addicted to it. The story as it turns out was false so that was all for nothing.

Once inside the bin Thea ripped open the thin plastic bag and routed through all the dirt, take-out boxes, broken glass, and thrown out food until she got a call from Ashley. He was coming back out with another bag. In a hurry Thea dug underneath the rubbish, cutting her left hand open in the process. Her back was still showing, but her hoodie fit so loosely on her that it looked like someone had just thrown it out. The bag fell on top of her; luckily there was nothing heavy inside. When he was gone again Ashley told her and she began digging into the second bag. Inside there was a lot of cardboard and bubble wrap. She dug deeper and found a small vial of some green liquid. 

Feeling accomplished she dragged herself out and jogged back to her car where she handed the vial to Ashley to take pictures of. Ashley took note of the blood on the vial and asked if she was okay. Thea said it was just a scratch as she grabbed the first-aid kit from the glove box. She cleaned the wound and wrapped a bandage around it to stop the bleeding. She then opened the boot and took out a small gym back. 

Thea closed the boot and ran into an empty alleyway where she stripped down to her underwear and changed into a tight white shirt that hugged her body nicely and yoga pants that showed off her tight arse beautifully. She slipped on her running shoes and got back into the car after putting her now dirty clothes in her gym bag and into the boot. After being covered in rubbish on her way home so many times, she always makes sure to bring a change of clothes. 

After she got back in the car a thin man walked up to the bin and jumped in. Thea watched as Ashley took pictures and they could see the cardboard and bubble wrap being thrown all about the place. He was looking for the vial. "Ashley, give me the vial," Said Thea. As soon as she had it she opened the tray under her car seat and hid it away. 

They watched as the man ran up to the door and banged on the warehouse. Ashley was fully zoomed in as Victor opened the door and the skinny guy pushed past him to get into the warehouse. Victor sighed and shut the door. 

Thea and Ashley stared at each other in shock. "What did we just do?" Asked Ashley. "Please tell me we didn't just get someone killed." 

"No, no of course not," replied Thea, "They'll both know that someone would have taken it. He's probably just going to get a different vial from inside."

"I hope so," Stated Ashley.

**************

2 more hours passed and the girls were starting to drift off to sleep. It was time to resort to their "stay awake activity." They first did this as an experimental thing. But later they learned that by doing it they would stay awake longer, given that it was quick. Ashley grabbed her digital camera and set it to record. She put it back on the window as Thea climbed in the backseat and pulled down her trousers and underwear. She waited, legs spread, as Ashley climbed into the back seat and then proceeded to do down on Thea's pussy. Thea moaned and grabbed the belt she kept in the pocket behind the drivers seat. She bit down on it to muffle her moans so they didn't reveal themselves. Ashley knew what she was doing; the two of them had been on dozens of these things so this had become pretty routine. 

5 minutes into Ashley's meal Thea refused to hold back so they didn't waste too much time and then proceeded to orgasm while still biting down on the belt. As she was still consumed in her pleasure Ashley slowly crawled up the petite girl and put her lips on hers, she grabbed the belt with her teeth and lied back, all of her clothes already off revealing her giant breasts and shaved pussy. Thea moaned still as she switched places with Ashley and Thea decided to first go in for a seconds kiss with Ashley and then slowly lick down her body until she got to her legs. 

She approached slowly, having to climb onto the girl who was almost an entire foot taller than her. She then let her tongue circle the girl's lips and moved down to her chin. She stayed a little longer on her neck as she knew that was very ticklish for her. Ashley had to force Thea's head down to get her to stop. Thea took her time hiking her tongue over the two mountains on Ashley's chest. Afterwards she slid down to her belly button and let her tongue playfully dip in and out of it which Ashley couldn't help but laugh at. Finally she made it to her clit and the juices coming from it were already spilling out onto the car seat. It didn't take long after that to make Ashley cum. Thea knew just what to do to get Ashley over and done with quickly. 

The two girls lied back in the car for a few minutes to calm down and then climbed into the front again without putting their clothes on first. Ashley pulled her pink bra over her tits and closed it at the front, she then proceeded to pull her blue blouse onto her torso and button it up. Thea was already dressed.

When the two were dressed Thea grabbed hold of Ashley's stills camera and kept an eye on the warehouse while Ashley played the footage back on her digital camera. There was nothing on the camera so she placed it back onto the clamp and took her stills camera back as they then took turns watching the warehouse while the other slept, switching every hour, on the hour.

**************

More hours passed until eventually at 5am Victor walked out of the warehouse. Thea waked Ashley up who then, after a moment of confusion, picked up her camera and took some more pictures of Victor as he got to his car and drove off home. 

They waited a few minutes before Thea got out of the car, leaving Ashley the keys just in case. She jogged over to the front door and input the code Ashley had written down. 8-3-4-7. There was a sound of a lock being opened and she pulled the door open. Ashley was soon behind her with her digital camera in hand and the rest of her equipment in the now locked car.

The two girls walked down a long narrow hallway and Ashley needed to turn on the night vision, which rapidly drained her battery. It wasn't the best camera she could have bought. It was a 2012 model and the battery only lasted an hour when not connected to an outlet. With the night vision on they only had about 40 minutes. 

Thea told Ashley to stay back as she slowly walked out of the hallway and into what looked like a lab with a child's dollhouse in the centre of the room atop a large table. Thea walked up to the dollhouse where she was met with a green mist that ascended from air ducts in the ground. She was unprepared and inhaled the gas as she gasped in surprise. Once inside the gas went to work and suddenly her clothes began to feel loose.

The room got bigger, she felt her bra fall down to her belly, and she was starting to feel sick. She held her breath and closed her eyes, but it was too late. She opened her eyes as she heard Ashley scream. She looked around but all she could see was white. She was inside her shirt. She crawled naked through her giant top and emerged from the left sleeve. 

She looked around and was too shocked to speak. She was the size of a child's doll and didn't know what to do other than call out to Ashley. In surprise Ashley flinched and looked around. "Where are you?" She asked looking around the room. 

"Down here," Thea yelled while waving arms, "Don't come get me, I'll run over to you." And with that she broke into a run, her now super tiny tits bounced as she ran and by the time she made it halfway to Ashley she was out of breath and sweating. The sweat made her skin glisten in the soft light of the lab and watching her all throughout her run was Ashley, too shocked to move. 

Thea was out of breath and couldn't run anymore so she called out to Ashley, "Okay, I think I'm far enough away from that booby trap now. Can you come pick me up?" She stalled for a second and then realising what was happening she ran over to Thea and knelt down with her left hand on the ground and her right hand holding up her camera to capture the event. Thea put her left hand across her chest and her right between her legs to keep some modesty. Ashley stood and Thea had to grab hold of her thumb so she didn't lose her balance, thus revealing her breasts to the camera. 

"Don't worry," Ashley said sympathetically, "I'll censor everything." Ashley kept the camera up and then lifted Thea to the top of her head. Thea jumped off her hand and onto her hair, grabbing what she could to stay on top and not fall. Ashley winced in pain from the hair pulling, but didn't say anything knowing that Thea was going through an unexpected transition at that point. 

Ashley warned her that she was going to run out of the warehouse to they didn't risk anything else and Thea then took a tighter hold of her hair. Just as she was about to start running they heard the door open as Victor returned. "Hide," Thea told Ashley. 

Ashley ducked behind the door to the room and sat there waiting for Victor to walk past so she could escape. She took Thea off her head and opened her top to let her stay inside her bra as she made a break for it. Thea was now hugging a gigantic breast, which just added to the weird factor of that night. Ashley in turn couldn't help but fell every little bit of Thea's tiny naked body against her tit. Both girls were getting wet with the feeling of their naked flesh touching each other in this way.

Victor walked up to the room and both girls heard him say, "What the..." when he noticed Thea's clothes in the middle of the room. He flipped a switch by the door and the air ducts sealed so he didn't fall into his own trap. He walked over to the clothes and picked them up, Ashley took this as her chance to film the man for her Thea's story. Just because Thea was the size of a doll now didn't mean they weren't going to get their story. 

Ashley and Thea watched as he walked up to the dollhouse and looked inside, he then spoke to it like it was a living, breathing person. "Got a new playmate?" Victor asked. 

"Hell naw man," replied the man inside the dollhouse, "Just me in here you sick fuck."

"So you didn't see anything then?" Victor asked.

"Naw man. Nothing." Said the doll-sized man.

"Well the clothes I have just found seem to belong to a young woman," Victor said in his professors tone, "this means there is someone your size running around this place completely naked. You sure you didn't see her." 

Ashley hoped the guy could see her because she was shaking her head hoping to stop him from telling Victor they were right behind him. She inched her way forwards on her knees and left hand, doing her best to keep the camera on Victor. She managed to make it out from the door and then moved slowly and carefully to the right. She slowly got onto her feet as Victor began to turn. 

A voice called out from the dollhouse. "Hey where you goin' man? You left me in here for what, 5 hours, and you don't even get me some food or somethin'? And where da Hell do you think I'm gonna shit? This place got no toilets man." Victor turned back to the dollhouse and looked inside.

"I'm very sorry about that, I wasn't expecting to have anyone taking residence inside there until a few more weeks. I'll see what I can do about the food, and I'll let you just hold anything else in for now." As he talked Ashley inched her way further and further out the door. She stepped her right foot out into the hallway and looked to her right and saw a wooden plank. She quickly realised what it was for and slowly reached for the door. She managed to grab the handle and tried to slowly close it, but the hinges were rusty and creaked painfully. 

Victor turned to the noise and looked surprised to see the young woman stood there at full size. Ashley grabbed the edge of the door firmly as Victor broke into a run. The door slammed in his face and Ashley threw the wooden plank across the door and into the sockets to keep the door from being opened from the inside. Ashley ran from the door and to the exit. Once outside she made a break for Thea's car and they both drove off with the naked Thea still inside her bra.