 The abrupt, loud music startled me out of the zone I'd been in. My fingers had been moving on the keyboard for... how long? Hours? I wasn't sure. It was coming from the wall speakers that were in every room of the house. I listened for a moment; it was that song, 'Up All Night to Get Lucky'? I think. Those two guys with the helmets, forgot the band name. 

I'd been on a roll prior to the interruption; seeing Vanessa shrink after suckling on my tits, then using Jennifer as a six-inch-tall living vibrator had really hit the spot. After I'd rested for a few minutes, my little redhead had slipped out of my hand and wandered out of the room. Then an idea had hit me for a way to fix half the machine's interface errors and increase processor overhead at the same time, and I'd sat there, naked except for the untied pink robe I was wearing, hammering the keys as I coded the new interface module.

Until this damn noise came on. Now I'd lost my place.

I stood, my robe slipping open and revealing my pale skin, hairless sex, and one pink-nippled breast. The music was really loud, and I was still getting my bearings. Once I get lost in a coding idea like that, it can take a minute before my brain can come back out of machine-logic mode. Right. I was in our new house, the villa in upstate New York; that was why I didn't immediately recognize the upgraded machine room. We'd only moved in recently.

Through the room's single small window, I could see the sun was going down. The valley the house overlooked was sparsely populated, and I could see only a few other points of light from the scattered other houses of the neighbors. They valued their privacy as much as I valued mine, which suited me fine. Using the machine to mind-control the neighbors of my old Manhattan apartment to keep them from paying attention to what happened inside had been getting awful expensive, in terms of accumulator charge.

I pulled my robe closed, loosely tying the soft terry rope in the front. I looked around, and found the tablet, picking it up and briefly checking the accumulator balance - still more than enough for Vanessa's final round of shrinking tonight... provided she failed the test, of course.

This music was getting on my nerves. Not the kind of romantic piano stuff that I'd come to enjoy when playing with my toy girls. Which one had put it on? Whoever it was, she'd be punished.

I was thinking about which particular punishment I'd use - perhaps the bead necklace - when I went out into the hall, looking into the master and spare bedrooms... no shrunk girls there... and the dining room... not there either... kitchen, no, florida room, no - 

Ah.

When I walked into the den - a wide space with a recessed carpet floor, one step below the rest of the main floor. Made things a bit more challenging for the girls to come and go from the room, but it was also where they ended to stay when I wasn't using them. To me, the room was about twenty feet to a side, with a large brown suede sectional couch and a heavy espresso coffee table with various coasters, USB drives, tiny (and non-tiny) dildos and vibes, their powered-down camera drone, and my favorite bong - all strewn about.

To them, the room would be the size of an aircraft hangar; a cavernous space, the ceiling stretching twenty stories up, the walls not quickly reached even at a full run, plenty of cat beds or rumpled piles of my clothing lying around to sleep on, and other games and entertainment around for when we weren't satisfying more carnal urges.

The three of them were sitting on the coffee table, almost but not quite together - in front of the iPad that Summer and Jennifer used to run their Pocket Lovers site. Jennifer and Summer were closer together, talking to the tablet's camera - I could see from the way the chat flew by that they were probably talking to their premium members, like they did once a week. Special sessions, where they entertained whatever new types of perversion suggested or paid for by their viewers.

Jennifer, my six-inch-tall redhead, didn't seem to have gotten dressed since I'd used her for pleasure in the machine room. Instead of putting clothes back on, she wore only a diaphanous, handkerchief-sized square of sheer white material wrapped tightly around her otherwise nude form - it was easy to make out her pinkish nipples and tiny pussy underneath. She sometimes wore it for me, or on their twice-weekly streams.

Summer was standing next to her, saying something and spinning something long in the air near her - like a rope, or... oh, it was a short headphone cable. My brunette toy is eight inches tall, and she wore tight jeans and a black leather corset with red silk panels on the front; her long dark hair flowed freely down her back and her free hand gestured as she spoke to the camera. I couldn't hear what she saying, but she seemed quite engaged.

Vanessa was sitting indian-style behind them both, a hand towel pulled from the bathroom now drawn about her shoulders and concealing most of the shrunken blonde. Unlike the other two, we'd not found any clothes for her yet - she wasn't done shrinking. She seemed hesitant about whatever they were doing, and was sitting with her chin resting in both hands, her face a pensive scowl.

Jennifer said something to the camera too, also inaudible. I could see the way the chat moved by on the screen rapidly accelerating as the tiny redhead stood, smirking at Summer as she let the sheer garment she 'wore' slip off, revealing her slender and pale six-inch body - her few tattoos only indistinct dark spots at this distance. The text floating by switched to mostly all caps; probably whatever they were fixing to do had been at the request of today's highest bidder, and it seemed to have been a popular decision.

Summer's hand grasped Jennifer's shoulder as she drew close, and she abruptly spun the smaller redhead around, tiny breasts jiggling with her movement. She pressed further, pushing the smaller girl down onto her hands and knees, and choked up her grip on the headphone cable until she had a firm grasp of the base of one end. The glinting metal jack at the tip had to be menacing, especially at Jennifer's size.

Chat was going wild as Summer knelt behind the redhead, biting her lip as she teased Jennifer with the tip of the thing. Vanessa hadn't moved from her spot, but I could see her eyes were fixed on Jennifer's impending penetration. The redhead tensed as Summer firmly pushed, ignoring the inevitable whimpers as the thick stainless steel prong entered her defenseless sex.

I found one hand cupping my breast as I leaned against the wall, the music almost forgotten now. I loved watching Summer so easily dominate the smaller girl - and making the redhead love her for it. Things had grown well beyond a simple power relationship between the two, but power and submission were still a subtext any time they made love. My fingers wandered south, not slipping inside my robe - yet - but still clutching a sex that yearned for its toys.

Summer paid little heed to any kind of pace. Seconds after entering the smaller girl, she simply began fucking Jennifer with the headphone prong - shoving it in and out of the redhead as fast as any dildo. I could see the smaller girl's tits wobbling beneath her as her whole body shook with the power Summer could exert over her. One of the brunette's hands slipped underneath to play with the smaller girl's tits for a moment, but then soon returned to steadying the redhead for fucking.

I'd stopped paying attention to the chat, but I was sure it was going just as nuts. Both of them had long since made clear to their viewers - you can give us terms to start fucking, but once we get going, we only stop once we cum, or if the Mistress stops us.

They both always grew so totally focused on each other that they often forgot they were fucking on camera... which seemed to be no small reason for why they were so popular. Their viewers didn't just masturbate to rehearsed, choreographed fuck scenes - both toy girls would really fuck and cum, live on camera. Their audience inevitably fell in love with one or both of the tiny girls.

Much like I had a long time ago.

Summer surprised me next. Glancing over her shoulder, she looked at Vanessa - who was... yeah, at some point she must have slipped a hand inside the small towel covering her body. The tiny vibrations she was making clued me in to the secret; she was getting herself off to this. At the end of the day, she still loved sex more than anything - she just had to learn how to do more than receive orgasms.

Summer was nodding now, toward Jennifer below her. The pace at which she was fucking Jennifer hadn't slowed, so the smaller redhead failed to even notice the invitation. Vanessa was biting her lip, thinking about it. Summer said... something, couldn't make it out either. She nodded again, this time toward the screen - mouthing something now.

Vanessa glanced at it, then stood, quietly, padding over toward the other two. Summer briefly stopped fucking the redhead, standing up as the nine-inch blonde approached. Jennifer opened her eyes and looked around, confused, for a moment as she realized someone else had joined in. Another toy was kneeling down behind her, and Summer was standing nearby, which meant she'd be realizing just about now-

The redhead turned her head in a flash, instantly angry, but it melted just as quickly as Vanessa shoved the whole length of the headphone jack back inside the smaller girl. The blonde was even less gentle than Summer had been; she immediately started ramming the plug in and out of the tiny redhead, her face twisting up into something obscene.

I knew the look. It was the same one she'd had when she played with me like I was her toy, but back then she'd always stopped halfway and moved us around, found some position that favored her own pleasure and ignored mine. I wondered if the same would happen now - would she get Jennifer close, then force the smaller girl to use the makeshift dildo on her, and bring her off while ignoring the little redhead?

I was never that cruel to Jennifer myself. Often, anyway. If I had to, I supposed I could shout across the room for all three to cum, though it might kind of ruin the narrative of whatever show they were putting on for Pocket Lovers. I kind of wanted to see Jennifer cum again; Vanessa was too focused on punishing the little redhead, and was maybe taking the wrong lesson during this critical time.

I padded lightly onto the carpet, softly approaching. Summer glanced at me over her shoulder, noticing - but the other two didn't. They were so into it that they didn't even sense a giantess drawing near. I stopped maybe a yard away from the action. I saw something cross Vanessa's face as I crouched low.

The occasional glance at the camera, and at Summer - those were both natural and expected; she'd never performed for an audience before... but something more was there as well. The way Vanessa bit her lip, the glimmer of confusion behind her tiny eyes. She wasn't ramming the thing into Jennifer quite as harshly as she had when she started, and was even changing her pace, paying more attention to the little redhead's pleasure now.

I smiled. She knew now what it was to be on the other side of this interaction; to be the helpless and small one, forced to greater and greater heights of pleasure... and she wasn't sure anymore which side she liked more. She might even be wondering what it would be like if someone pushed her down on all fours and forced a giant headphone jack into her pussy, in front of the camera, and made her cum as she wailed aloud.

She was close. Just one more push.

Jennifer was squealing wordlessly as she came close to orgasm, taking Vanessa by surprise. The blonde didn't even seem sure of what to do with the smaller redhead as she came, pale tits wobbling beneath her and tiny hands balling into fists on the tabletop.

Jennifer gasped a few more times, screaming as loud as her tiny lungs could until she slumped to her side, rolling onto her back with her legs spread. Vanessa still seemed kind of dazed, confused with both herself and what she'd done, or perhaps what was going through her head as she did it.

The redhead's chest was heaving as she took deep breaths for a moment, but her eyes were fixed on Vanessa's. Something... odd, was passing between them. Even I couldn't tell what. Maybe they'd go for a second round, on the air? I wouldn't stop them.

"Beautiful stuff, huh everyone?" Summer said it as she strode back into the camera's view. She was the only one still dressed, and her heels made tiny clicks on the tabletop as she walked. Her small arm gestured off camera, toward me. "Mistress has joined us, but she's just watching-" the other two suddenly looked over at me, whatever odd looks they were giving one another now gone, "- and let's hear it - how does everyone like Vanessa?"

The screen flooded with chat text, too fast to read all of it. I saw a lot of 'I came hard', or 'fucking hot'... the like. Well, we had Summer to thank for the expert fine-tuning of her supple and athletic nine-inch figure.

Summer clapped her hands together, in full cute-girlie mode for the audience. "We're all agreed there's room for a third Pocket Lover, then?"

Another flood of chat, and I didn't see anyone in disagreement... not that I gave a damn. She was mine now, whether or not she played in Summer and Jennifer's lucrative little porno theater.

Summer hopped up and down. "All right, then! Let's all welcome Vanessa to-"

"How many are there?" Vanessa interrupted her, looking at the screen with a strange glee in her eyes.

"Umm..." Summer seemed a bit taken aback - only the Mistress ever interrupted her, and rarely on-air - but she finally answered. "Right now - ah - a hundred and eighty."

"Only that many?" Vanessa frowned. I was, at least, happy that she'd stopped bothering with any pretense of decency; she crawled up closer to the screen, seemingly unconcerned with her nudity - or the fact that the camera was pointed right at her.

"Well, no." Summer frowned, her plan clearly interrupted. She folded her arms as she turned toward Vanessa again. "We have thirty thousand regular members. This is our twice-weekly stream, for Pocket Lounge premium members only... didn't I tell you all this beforehand? I did." She glanced at the camera again.

"Wait." Vanessa finally turned to Summer, now sounding confused... or maybe accusatory. "Why do you need to introduce me to them if you already filmed me shrinking earlier?"

"I - we -" Summer sputtered, now clearly upset. "We haven't finished edit - this... tonight, uh, sneak preview... newest, uh, premier members only - fuck... fucking... hell! I told you all of this!" Her small heel stamped ineffectually as her face reddened. Hmm. Summer did kind of scramble words like that when she was flustered.

My fault, I suppose.

"Oh." Vanessa shrugged, turning back to the camera again and getting up a bit closer. "Well, I stopped listening after you told me I'd get to shove something inside the little redhead." She came up to within inches of it, cupping both her tits as the chat flying by - up until now confused or seemingly taking sides in the argument - suddenly erupted at the close-up.

Jennifer groaned from below them both as she sat up. "Forget it. Mistress only needed two smart ones, Summer. We shouldn't expect too much out of her." She began to stand up.

"What!" Vanessa whirled, pointing at Jennifer. "Fuck you! I thought we just - and now you -"

"Stop." I stood, and all three abruptly went silent, staring at me expectantly. I sat next to them on the tabletop, positioned so only my ass and leg would be in view. I took my finger and suddenly pushed naked little Vanessa right on the chest, forcing her onto her back. "Vanessa. Tell us what you were about to say when you said 'I thought we just'. About Jennifer."

Her eyes went wide, and she glanced at the screen - terrified of what she might say, especially to the world. She was still helpless to stop the words from coming out. "I thought we connected... or something. I... I could see it in her eyes, after I fucked her. I don't know. I just... I thought I was only doing it to get off, to get back at her too, but then I just felt this... something... to her... what the fuck am I saying, I-"

"Shh." I silenced her with the same finger, pressing it to her lips - or rather, her whole mouth. I spoke a bit louder, but my eyes remained fixed on Vanessa. "Wonderful viewers, stay tuned for the whole lovely sequence of Vanessa's shrinking, which we'll be releasing over the next month or so. Thanks for watching this little sneak preview of the newest addition to my collection. I love sharing all of them with you, and I especially love how much you pay us for the privilege."

Chat was surprisingly amiable about the last bit. I took my finger off Vanessa's chest, and moved it to the iPad. "It's about time to wrap up for the evening, though. The final round of our game is set for late tonight, and we'll find out how small Vanessa will get. It'll probably be a couple weeks before that's released, but you'll see the result much sooner if you tune in next week, same time and same place. Hope you all had a good cum tonight, because I'm about to use these precious toy girls to make their Mistress cum... all night long."

With that, I tapped the Stop button. Taking a deep breath, I watched Vanessa stand up, finally seeming to realize she was naked - she covered her chest and sex with her hands. I frowned, but she didn't seem to notice. I glanced at Jennifer, giving her half a frown of my own. "Now, Jennifer. I came out here because of this fucking music." I pointed a finger up in the air. "You set it for the whole house."

"I - I did?" Jennifer seemed stunned. She scrambled to her feet, rushing over to the iPad and tapping a few buttons, having to stretch to reach those near the top of the screen. She leaned too close as she tried to reach for one at the top of the screen, and accidentally touched another with a bare breast, having to run over at hit the home button and start over... but she finally shut down the damn noise that had been so distracting this whole time. Turning to me, she crouched low. "Sorry..."

"Hmm... should punish you..." I frowned. "... but later. It's time for the last round."

Vanessa froze, staring up at me wide-eyed. Summer bit her lip in excitement, and Jennifer only turned toward Vanessa, grinning.

"I... um... I should get dressed, I, uh..." Vanessa was looking around for the hand towel she'd been wearing, her eyes still wide.

I scooped her up when she was still turned away, lifting her in both hands and holding her small, nude form gently but firmly. "Don't bother... tonight's round will be in the bathtub. I'll keep you warm until then, Vanessa." I stroked her hair with one hand, then glanced at the other two. "Summer, Jennifer. You two go draw a bath for us, in the master. Set up whatever you want to do on the side table. You'll be allowed to watch, but this last round will be just myself and Vanessa."

"Yes, Mistress!" Summer hopped up, looking around for a moment. Jennifer was looking around too, then up at me... both with a hesitant expectation on their faces.

I glanced at them again, eyes narrowing. Lazy little sluts, wanting a ride. "Do I have to flick you off the table myself? Try not to be completely useless tonight."

"Yes, Mistress!" Summer said it a bit quicker this time, and immediately set off in a quick run, hopping off the table in a jump that would be impossible were she human-sized and leaping off a three-story building - as the table would seem to be to her. Jennifer scowled at me as she grabbed her scrap of cloth and did the same, each scurrying toward the master bathroom. Summer, of course, would get there much sooner.
