 I was dimly aware of an odd sensation on the skin of my chest, where one of my small breasts kept brushing against a small, warm shape... possibly two. My eyes were still closed, and I was happily dozing through what on some level I knew would be a hangover if I actually woke up. I could feel the sunlight burning on the mostly-bare skin of my back, but had turned away from the brilliance sometime after it got into my eyes.

I could hear their small voices - Summer and Jennifer, my miniaturized lesbian sex toys, coordinating some kind of mischief... but I was trying to sleep. It wasn't working. I felt groggy and disoriented, and my leg was asleep. My mouth and tongue felt gummy and my neck ached. My eyes blinked open and I tried to take in the searingly bright features of the room.

I was still in the machine room, asleep on the bed in it where I'd passed out last night after a combination of fun and games with the toys, drinking, and coding new software for the machine. Not the best combination, I know. Blinking again, I could make out the mostly-empty wine glasses strewn about the room. The bedside table was covered with leftover food wrappers and a box of cold pizza from last night.

I heard more small voices, and looked down. I was topless, wearing only a pair of jeans and socks - and in front of my small breasts, my toys were putting on some kind of show. They had a little tripod set up two feet away with a digital camera on video mode, aimed at the two of them as they were making out - with my pale, rib-showing chest and pinkish nipples their backdrop.

As always, in the foreground of the shot they'd strewn about a few odds and ends for scale - a pencil there, a bottle cap there - to really drive home what good the 'special effects' their porno clips featured. They had tens of thousands of viewers, all paying a monthly fee. Sometimes they got special requests, and a few clients paid staggering money for them to do what they always did, but shout certain names or whatever as they fucked. Little whores.

Summer, eight inches tall, brunette, and ever the aggressor between the two, was wearing a simple white wrap-around skirt, open on one side and made from a cloth napkin, with a bright green 'bra' made from a scrunchie about her grape-sized breasts. Her supple body moved smoothly against the flesh of the smaller, paler redhead she was pushing herself on - controlling Jennifer easily through a combination of strength and experience.

Summer had my other toy at an advantage - looming over the smaller girl, pressing both of their little bodies to the soft flesh of my boob, my gradually stiffening nipple just high enough that I could feel Jennifer's butt almost sitting on it. Summer's fingers were wandering between Jennifer's legs, her face above the smaller girl's with a wide, knowing smile.

Jennifer, for her part, was playing along with whatever act Summer had scripted... or maybe it was all real and it was just on camera. The blush on her face was incredibly obvious with her pale skin. She was murmuring something back to Summer, meek but defying her - which wouldn't last, not judging my Summer's response, which was just a smirk.

My redheaded toy was wearing a grey knitted sweater, which she'd made herself - now a favorite among the viewers. It hugged her six-inch figure tightly but only came down just below her tiny, shapely ass. Its sleeves were a bit long, showing only her tiny fingers, and its narrow neck came up high, doubling back down just below her chin; it looked great on her, and she was trying to make a matching one for Summer.

I could barely hear their voices. They were quietly arguing about something.

"Here? They won't be able to see shit from here." Jennifer was complaining, facing up to her captor.

Summer all but whispered in response. "It's fine. I'll edit it." Her neck craned downward for a moment, kissing a resistant Jennifer. "Come on, crumple already."

"Do what?" Jennifer sounded doubtful, and I could see she was glancing up at me - meeting my eyes, realizing I was awake... and that I would do nothing to save her. Regardless of what she was saying, I could see her tiny pink nipples standing on end.

Summer glanced up as well, seeing I was up, and winked. Her attention returned to Jennifer, and she pressed down on the other girl's shoulders - her much greater strength forcing the redhead into a kneeling position, eyes level with Summer's pretty little cunt. "Crumple. Submit. Give in. Do what you do." She brought the other girls' face yet closer to her pussy. "Tongue. In. Pussy. Now, slut."

"I want to just rest with Rachel for a while. Let's not wake her up." Jennifer bit her lip, making doe eyes - giving a fantastic impression of the sexy twenty-year-old thing she actually kind of wasn't. She still used my name, but Summer invariably addressed me as Mistress.

"Don't hide behind her, you little ginger slut. You belong right here." Summer pressed Jennifer's face directly against her own sex, the scent undoubtedly filling her nose and probably igniting something inside Jennifer that the redhead was trying - and failing - to deny.

Summer nodded backward through her long, soft, quiet moans - toward the camera. I looked back at her with a frown, and she mouthed something to me about how this one would be great. I raised an eyebrow, not really feeling like helping, but Summer gave me a 'this is important' look.

Groaning, I picked up the camera - a thousand-dollar model with a little bitty tripod and a viewscreen on the back, the whole thing just barely small enough for Summer to carry. Its custom lens had cost us another two grand, intended for focusing in excruciating, high-def detail on small objects up close... such as a six-inch-tall redhead's tongue as it would inevitably slip between Summer's folds. I'd chafed at the price initially, but they recovered it in the first week.

I held the camera up above the two of them, leaving just enough of my breast and nipple and some spare change in view to please the viewers. I watched through the viewfinder, idle and detached, trying not to think about an odd realization percolating in my thoughts. I'd been pushing it down in my head for weeks, but now it was suddenly demanding attention. Maybe if I slept more it would go away again?

Jennifer glanced back and forth at Summer and I, scowling at my bored expression - and finally placed her hands on Summer's thighs and craned her neck backward, opening her mouth wide and sticking out her tongue to pleasure Summer's bare sex. Summer made a long, satisfied moan as Jennifer dutifully began to lick the folds of the larger toy, then the brunette let her fingers rest on Jennifer's scalp, guiding the smaller woman's head around to meet her most intimate places.

"Good, good... yeah..." Summer's breaths were getting long and hot. "... need it right there, yes! Eat my pussy, you useless toy slut!"

The fact that Summer was basically just as useless didn't really register much with either of them. I mean, they were plenty useful to me. I loved their tiny bodies... their willingness to explore... the way they saw the world, and the way they looked up to me as their goddess-like Mistress... loved the way they goofed around even outside of sex, loved our evenings spent just watching Netflix, I loved...

Oh no.

My expression probably stayed flat as the two of them collapsed backward, Summer spreading her legs wide and shouting demands at the small redhead desperately eating her out, commanding the little sub to go faster, try harder, more fingers now, blah blah... almost wrestling with Jennifer while I wrestled with something in my own mind.

I absently zoomed the camera in on the action. Through the video screen, I watched as Summer came, hard, thrashing her legs high in the air and pressing Jennifer tight to her sex - the redhead's tongue driving inside and wriggling. Moments later, as Summer came down from her powerful orgasm, she grabbed Jennifer by the head and pulled the smaller girl up close to her, hugging her tight with both arms and kissing all over her pussy-soaked face. Jennifer wriggled in her grip, Summer's thigh pressing up in between her pale legs and aggressively rubbing her hair-trigger clit.

"Good toy... good Jenny-toy!" Summer was saying it between breathy kisses. "You were so good! Now you can cum for me!"

Jennifer was already close from Summer's treatment, and it didn't take long. She came, a soft series of wails as Summer played her sex between fingers and her rubbing though as though it was some kind of instrument. Afterward, the two cuddled together tightly, mumbling to each other up close - their small voices too quiet to hear even at this distance. They were such a great couple.

Yeah, I was in love with them.

I switched off the camera after another minute of their cuddling, knowing in some detached part of my mind that the audience loved those parts too. Two small bodies, nestled in the folds of my flannel blanket, a quarter inches away from them - happily dozing off. Picture perfect.

I rolled onto my back. How the fuck was I in love with them? I'd never loved anyone. I'd always thought it was some bullshit scam for authors to sell books, or to get people to have kids. I'd assumed this whole life of mine with the toys and the machine would just be me as a super-domme who used her toy girls as she saw fit, and they loved her back all the more for her aloof and careless ways.

Now I was letting Summer boss me around sometimes and I wasn't even mad about it.

It made sense, in hindsight; I'd gone really soft in the past few weeks. It had been two months since Jennifer's reduction to toy status, and after that I'd found no end of excuses to do things other than shrink more girls. For one thing, I'd gotten sidetracked for weeks looking for a fix their problems with heights, cold air, and vulnerability to injury.

I'd wasted nearly a full charge on the last part, after I had a days-long panic attack the first time Summer fell off the bed and sprained her perfect little ankle. I hadn't simply used the machine to fix the sprain - I kind of went nuts and devoted myself for almost a month to making her and Jennifer incredibly flexible and resilient.

I'd had huge plans for the machine when I got it and first shrank Summer. Bend minds, alter bodies, twist reality - endless possibilities. I could have made millions, or billions. I had this plan I floated to them, after I shrank Jennifer, where I wasn't going to rob a bank so much as I was going to steal the bank itself - like I was going to zap all the board members and the CEO or whatever into my servants.

I had let Summer talk me out of it. The Feds aren't that easy to fool, she'd explained; they'd audit you and you'd never have enough charge to zap all of them. Jennifer offered another idea. A week later we're running a surprisingly popular lesbian porn webcast, one of a kind - about two doll-sized girls in love, and lust, living as toys in a house sized for normal people - their loving, dominant owner-Mistress never far away.

I'd been resistant at first, but Jennifer pointed out - when I shrunk her, I'd agreed she could keep her choice of career. I'd just expected her to pick physicist still, not submissive lesbian porno starlet moonlighting as scientist - when she wasn't tribbing in a shoebox, on camera, with Summer. That clip had only gone online two days ago and it had already broken a sales record.

Funny enough, despite being the one dominated and used every time in their clips, Jennifer herself was the one who did their writing and marketing, and she wrote the little bios for everything they sold. "Watch useless six-inch-tall redhead be fucked senseless by her Mistress's pinky." "Watch pale toy slave be tied up in a panty drawer and forced to cum." It went on. They had more than a hundred of them up, more added daily.

The size gimmick the stream featured was supposedly all 'special effects', of course, and both Summer and Jennifer looked sufficiently different from their old selves that nobody could identify them. My face was never quite on-screen. We'd put away mid-six figures so far, and every month did better than the last. Everything ran through offshore servers and accounts, remote secure upload, a shell company... I'd set up the technical stuff, Summer the legal and accounting side, and Jennifer did the marketing and sales.

The funniest part to me? Sure, the clips of them together were popular. Shots of their little sexy bodies at the mercy of my tongue, my fingers, and clips of them worshipping my breasts or pussy were just as much so. But clips of the two dozing in a martini glass together, playing catch with a cherry, a fun tickle session or game of mini-Twister, or to just watch the next episode of some TV show or whatever and hear my toys comment on it in real time - once they had a whole community and following, those sold nearly as well.

It was brilliant. Just like both of them. Summer surprised me all the time with her insight and cunning, especially with how deeply I'd altered her mind. Jennifer too; her genius wasn't just in figuring out Dad's theory, she was just... smart. Terrifyingly smart. She put things together in a flash, and it felt like she was always three steps ahead of me on any problem.

I wasn't only figuring out I was in love with them. I'd realized last week, perhaps as a prelude to this morning's revelation, that I kind of sucked at this whole dominance thing. Perhaps the sudden reality of my twisted fetish being brought to life hadn't suppressed the old wallflower Rachel as much as I thought. Maybe my kink for diminished, sexy little female bodies wasn't rooted in the whole dom-sub thing in the normal sense. Was there even a normal sense for that?

Maybe I didn't fucking know anything and I was just making this whole thing up as I went. Fuck, if I kept going down this road, I'd start thinking about ethics, and that sure as hell never stopped me before. I wanted to think more about diminished, sexy little female bodies, dependent on and utterly adoring me. I could figure out the rest later.

I smiled widely, probably looking a bit nuts if anyone could see. Despite my mood, my nipples were still really hard at the moment, and I could feel the heat burning in my sex as I heard the two go at it. A little voice in the back of my head said I was trying to drown out reason with thoughts of sex again, but it's not like I had anything else to fight it with. I didn't feel like guzzling another wine bottle.

"I'm gonna get changed." I said it to the ceiling, but the girls certainly heard it. I could sense their tiny, shifting weight as they sat up. I still ached a bit from my hangover, but I'd gotten through days and even had sex through worse.

"Yes, Mistress." Summer nodded as I glanced over at the two of them. She and Jennifer came into kneeling positions, side by side, ready to be lifted up. I typically just carried them from place to place lately; ever since I fixed the fear-of-heights issue, they seemed to find it fun.

I rolled off the opposite side, standing and stretching - hiding the ache in my head and shoulders. I cracked my neck, feeling the satisfying pop after a morning of dozing in an awkward position, then glanced over my shoulder at the two girls who stared up expectantly - happy little smiles on their tiny faces.

I walked out the door, cupping my small tits as I got out of sight and feeling my tough, stiff nipples. I was in such a weird state of mind this morning. Contemplative. Depressed. Horny. Sober. Oddly clear-headed, but distracted.

In love.

Ugh.

Stepping into the bedroom, I looked around; the place was a pigsty, my discarded dirty clothes and underwear strewn all over the floor, the bed, the furniture. The old rolling desk for my laptop was just about covered in plastic cups and dishes, and a wicker chair in the corner had been converted into a sort of jungle-gym for Summer and Jennifer - pieces of yarn tied between its various loops in a crazy assortment that went all over the place. They could both exercise and fuck on it.

I hadn't bothered with a frame for my bed, just leaving the mattress on the floor, and it was stained in places from spilled wine and probably stank from my frequent girlish slickness during play with the toys. The mismatched dresser had two drawers open, and some of my remaining clean panties were piled together in one corner of a drawer - a favorite napping spot for Summer.

I kicked old clothes and junk out of the way to get to the closet, fishing through a few things until I had set aside some of the only remaining set of clean underwear I had left. Before I went looking for actual clothes to put on, I looked backward, wondering if the girls had gotten the message. Surely they could have gotten here by now, or at least Summer could have. I padded back to the machine room, where the two girls were still on the bed, looking at me as I poked my head through the door.

I frowned at them. "I expect you two to join me." I turned on my bare heel and walked back to the bedroom.

Walking around once I was there, I idly sorted through a few discarded things - clothes, junk, some dirty glasses and plates... and I thought to myself a while longer. I put the stuff aside for now, then glanced at the doorway again as first Summer crossed the threshold of the bathroom door... looking hesitant, confused, but also a little happy. Jennifer was holding her hand, following behind her.

I smiled at her, then rose to my full height and walked toward the two - towering above them like a goddess. Both girls had their necks craned back near all the way to look up at my face. Summer fell onto her knees, mouth open wide. Jennifer still had a leery, eyebrow-raised expression on her face... like near always.

I walked back to the closet, and they followed. Inside was just a set of cheap wire-frame shelves that doubled as hanger racks, with a few drawers in between; on one side sat a small wooden bench I still had from my single year of college. Old clothes and things I hadn't worn for years still hung inside, or were tossed about the floor along with shoes I'd long since lost the other of.

I bent down, picking up Summer - only her, leaving Jennifer on the floor, and gently took the brunette in one palm, just beneath my left breast -stroking her hair once before rising again.

I looked down at the redhead again. "Jennifer. Take my pants off."

She was speechless for a moment, mouth going wide open - eyes scanning down to my bare feet, climbing up my leg and toward my breasts, then up to my face again. "... what?"

"You heard me." I folded my arms over my breasts, the warming air of the closet having softened my nipples. "Take my jeans off me."

"Well how the fuck am I supposed to do that?" She stamped a tiny foot. "You may have noticed - I'm six fucking inches tall!"

"I don't know, figure it out." I sighed, holding up Summer before my eyes. "Still such a mouth on her." I fished my phone out of my pocket, carefully placing it underneath the brunette toy. "Set a timer. I don't want this to take all day... let's say five minutes." I paused, glancing back at Jennifer again. "If she fails... she has to clean up all the mess in the house."

"WHAT!" Jennifer stamped her foot, hard enough that I actually heard it. A bit. "That's like a thousand fucking-"

"Yes, Mistress." Summer nodded and bent over the phone, sitting with her legs and ass near-sideways and resting one hand against my middle finger as she flipped through screens with a flat palm. Their fingers were too small for the touchscreen to register. She set the timer, and tapped Start.

Jennifer went into a barely-audible rant briefly, before I glanced back at the timer, then back at her. "Four minutes, forty seconds."
