 The four men set up their camp in the middle of a glade. There were some, who called them vagabonds, but they preferred the term adventurer. Their last adventure was not too adventurous, but at least it was moderately profitable. That was enough not to discourage them. They were on their way to the nearest town to replenish their supplies and spend some of the money on women, alcohol and food.

The sun had already set, but they were still sitting by the fire and taking. Peter, the scout, was the first to spot a woman coming their way. He saw her quite late, which was surprising. He had keen eyes and they set the camp in the middle of non-forested area, so that no-one could approach them unnoticed. She did not seem to be hiding, though and greeted them as she came nearer:

- Good evening, adventurers. Would you welcome a fellow traveler by your fire?

- Of course. Come and join us. It's not safe for a lonesome lady to venture these areas - answered Thomas, who usually played the role of the leader.

When the woman came nearer, they could get a better look at her. She was moderately tall and slim, her skin was fair and her black hair fell loosely around her face and beyond the shoulders. The woman was dressed in a tight, brown tunic and black tights. A brown, leather corset accentuated her narrow waist. The tunic was short and it exposed her whole legs, that were enhanced by black, leather boots on a ten centimeter block heel. 

- My name is Jocelyn.

The men introduced themselves. The names of the other two were Paul and Stephen. 

The company made some small talk for a while, but soon, without any apparent reason, the atmosphere became somewhat erotic. The conversation began to spin around sex and Jocelyn was talking freely about her own experiences and eagerly listening to those shared by the men. The adventurers were checking out the woman's body and she did not seem to notice. When the two, who were sitting by her sides, put their hands on her thighs, she did not push them off. On the contrary, she seemed to encourage such behaviour. 

The lewd conversation continued as the other two men also came nearer, as to be able to touch Jocelyn's body. Their hands were roaming her body freely. Caressing her thighs, groping her perky breasts from behind. Someone kissed her neck, another one sucked on her finger. Soon the clothes began to be taken off. The men got rid of their trousers and underwear and helped Jocelyn take off her corset, tunic and bra. Her breasts were not too big, but once released from the clothed prison, proudly stood up, the nipples long and erect in the chill of the night. Boots and tights were to bothersome to remove, but the woman had a simple enchantment on her bottom and could turn the tights crotchless. It worked for the panties as well.

Jocelyn got on all fours and Thomas and Peter quickly assumed position in front and behind her, with the leader aiming his penis at the woman's vagina and the scout going for her mouth. Jocelyn eagerly accepted their penises and she seemed to be already wet enough for the penetration. 

Thomas wasted no time, he shoved his penis into the love hole and began to pound it fiercely. If he could focus on anything but sex, he would have realized, that he had never felt such lust. Peter pushed his tool into Jocelyn's mouth. It was significantly more, than average-sized, but the woman took it whole in her throat without even flinching. He used her face, as if it was a vagina and she accepted that with ease, had not gagged once and never struggled for air. 

Paul and Stephen were impatiently awaiting their turn. They groped and caressed Jocelyn's lithe body, pinched her nipples and even pushed their fingers into her anus. All that seemed to arouse her even more.

Peter and Thomas were not masters of sex, but they had their fair share of women. Neither was a long-distance runner, but they were not sprinters either. But this time they did not feel shame nor regret, when after less than ten minutes of fierce penetration, they both shot their loads inside of Jocelyn's holes. Thomas pushed his penis as deep as he could into the woman's womb, while Peter shoved it into her throat. Their orgasms were incredibly intense and long. Neither of the men had ever shot this much semen at once. When they were finally done, they felt mild pain in their penises and testicles. Both collapsed on the ground exhausted as their companions took their place. 

The second threesome was equally frantic, as if all the men wanted to empty their testicles as quickly as possible. But they did not. They wanted to enjoy the tight vagina and the skillful throat, but just could not. This duo lasted as short as their friends. Their orgasms were equally intense, voluminous and eventually painful. Jocelyn accepted their loads as eagerly as she did earlier, but her lust clearly was not satiated yet. The woman has not yet reached her orgasm after all.

Jocelyn crawled to Thomas and took his penis into her mouth. The man was still exhausted and not ready for another round, but she ignored his faint protests. Her skillful lips and tongue quickly brought the man's penis to an erection. The woman placed her knees on either side of Thomas' hips and guided his member into her vagina. She rode him in cowgirl position furiously moaning loudly all the time. For the second round Thomas lasted only slightly longer, but his orgasm was as intense as the first one. He did not shoot as much semen, but still a lot more, than he would have expected. Jocelyn left him there panting and proceeded to Peter. She did exactly the same thing with the scout and the other two men as well. 

The adventurers looked, as if they could not take anymore after the second round. But the woman managed to get them hard and rode them to their orgasms two more times. Their third and fourth climaxes were painful, but still Jocelyn somehow could squeeze some seed out of their testicles. When she took the sixteenth, final, load inside of her, she simply put her clothes back on and left without saying a single word. All the men passed out from exhaustion.

They were found in the morning by a local hunter. At first he was disgusted by lewd behavior of four men, but being a hunter he was perceptive and quickly spotted trails of another person. Despise his disgust, he also noticed, that the penises of the men seemed shrunken and their testicles looked like raisins. The hunter was experienced enough, to know it all meant some kind of trouble. He covered the men with their blankets, then woke them up. Once he realized, they were in good enough shape to walk on their own, he went away to alarm the authorities. Someone strange was in the woods and it had to be investigated.

Authorities, in this case, meant Aeriella. The tall, blonde elf was still running the court, that belong to her mistress - dark elf named Laerinia, who was currently at a quest of extreme importance. Aeriella had only recently dealt with a werewolf. Bion, because that was his name, was still at the court and was being trained by Valora, the priestess of the goddess of love - Sune.

The sorceress was experienced enough to realize, after the hunter passed her his verbal report, what was lurking in the forests. It must have been a sexual vampire, commonly known as a sexvamp. These did not feed on blood and were not lethal, but their lust was far greater. The female sexual vampires fed on semen and though their prey survived the ordeal, they became permanently maimed. A man, who got drained by such a vampire, became impotent. Some considered it a fate worse, than death. 

The sorceress knew, how to deal with a sexual vampire. The main aim was to bring her to an orgasm. That made the sexvamp vulnerable, but was hard to achieve. Such a creature could have a whole night gangbang with a dozen of men and would drain them all dry without climaxing. She was not completely insensitive, just had strong will and high brink of arousal. 

When the sexvamp was rendered vulnerable, the next step was to make it harmless. To achieve that, one had to put a thirty centimeter, penis-shaped, golden dildo into each of her holes and a golden gag into her mouth. Such things were extremely expensive, but Laerinia, as a proper sorceress, had tools to fight all magical creatures. And Aeriella knew, where they were kept. 

But the dildos and the gag were the ultimate weapons. Before the elf could use them, she would need other toys to help her bring the sexvamp to an orgasm. Her own tongue and fingers would not suffice. That was why Aeriella would take with her The Tentacle, a sex toy created by her mistress, Laerinia. It was a magical, semi-conscious device, that could alter its shape and act accordingly to the needs of the person using it. The elf planned of shoving The Tentacle into sexvamp's vagina, turning its stimulation to maximum and then using her own abilities of love making. She was an expert in these, with men as well as with the women and was confident, that combined with the enchanted sex toy, they would suffice.

Equipped with proper tools (a coil of rope among them) Aeriella set out for the woods. She was dressed in her enchanted catsuit, which she had improved since her last trip. Now it could also change colours. She switched it from the original golden to dark green. The outfit was completed by a pair of brown, leather, knee-high boots on ten centimeter, block heel. It would not be a perfect camouflage, but she was not a scout anyway. And she could not take a real scout with her, since he was male. Any man would be just a burden in a fight with a female sexvamp.

The elf remembered the direction, the hunter gave her and planned to begin her search there. She would not be following the trails though, she would not be able to find them anyway. Being a sorceress, she could sense magical creatures and planned to use that very skill to locate the vampire.

Aeriella did not have to wander for long, when she sensed the sexvamp for the first time. She was nearby, most likely resting, being satiated after her last "meal". That was a good moment to begin a fight with a sexvamp. The elf would need every advantage she could get. 

There she was, simply sleeping by a tree. The task seemed simpler, that the sorceress had anticipated. She took the rope from her shoulder and sneak as quietly as she could, she was an elf after all. 

When Aeriella was leaning over the sexvamp with the rope in her hands, the creature leaped. She was not sleeping at all. And was faster and stronger, than the sorceress had expected. The elf was tall and athletic, but the sexvamp disarmed and overpowered her almost effortlessly. She then used the rope against its previous owner. 

Within minutes Aeriella turned from a hunter to a prey in bondage. She was lying on her back with her legs spread into splits and tied to nearby trees and her arms were tied above her head. The sexvamp was rummaging through elf's bag.

- You came prepared. Nice! - she finally exclaimed, when she took out one of the golden dildos - and what is this strange thing? - she asked picking up The Tentacle - I think we should try it.

Elf's catsuit also had the enchantment, that opened the crotch area. Jocelyn was proficient enough with magic, that she could trigger it on her own. 

- I usually don't go for girls. You're not a part of my diet. But for you I'll make an exception. Don't worry, I won't EAT you, but I'll do everything else to you.

Aeriella was aware of that, so she had already used a lubricating spell on both of her holes.

- Wet already? You should've simply asked me to fuck you, instead of putting up this awkward show. I would've said yes. But now, in case you're a screamer, let's silence you with one of your toys.

Having said that, Jocelyn put the golden gag into elf's mouth and strapped it around her head.

- I think we'll begin with this strange thing. I can see it's magical and that makes me really curious about it's properties. I could just ask you, but I prefer to test things on my own. As a sorceress I'm sure you understand. 

The sexvamp shoved The Tentacle into Aeriella's anus not waiting for the elf to be ready. Fortunately the sorceress had also relaxed her muscles. But a moan, muffled by the golden gag, left her mouth nevertheless.

- Don't enjoy it so much yet. There'll come time for that.

Jocelyn pushed the toy all the way in and tried to turn in on, by focusing her will on it. But she did not know, how The Tentacle worked, much less how to operate it. And Aeriella did, so the sexvamp lost the duel for the control of the toy.

- Still resisting, huh? As you wish. We have other toys to use. But first...

Jocelyn reached for elf's breasts and triggered the spell, that revealed that part of the bodystocking as well. She pinched Aeriella's nipples, then twisted and pulled them, which made the sorceress moan into the gag.

- You slut! - the sexvamp slapped Aeriella's large, D-cup breast - you're really enjoying it. All right! We'll both have fun then. 

She slapped elf's both breasts few more times, then groped them forcefully and returned to the nipples. More pinching, pulling and twisting followed. For a more flashy ending, she bit each of them and then returned to Aeriella's crotch.

Jocelyn gave elf's thighs few short slaps and then focused on her holes. The Tentacle was still in sorceress' anus, inactive. The sexvamp left it there, but began to push one of the golden dildos into the same hole. Both toys were thick and the extreme stretching of anus made Aeriella moan loudly into her gag. Once the dildo was halfway in, Jocelyn reached for the second one and pushed it into elf's vagina, also not being gentle in the least. Then she began to work them both in and out of sorceress' holes, fast and deep.

Aeriella screamed into her gag and tried to wiggle her hips, but the ropes held strong and gave her no room for maneuver. Eventually she gave up and just accepted the torment. As rough as the sexvamp was, the whole dildoing was not really painful. Yes, it was humiliating and with with complete disregard to Aeriella's will and comfort, but it was not physically harmful.

But it could be painful at times. Jocelyn occasionally let one of the dildos go and give elf's buttocks few sharp slaps. They stung and made the skin turn pink, but again it was more humiliating, than damaging. 

The sexvamp eventually got bored with Aeriella's holes and once again moved to her breasts, leaving the dildos half-buried. She gave the breasts few slaps interchangeably with some rough groping, then focused on the nipples. Once more pinching, pulling and twisting ensued. 

The sorceress felt the pain and the humiliation, but most of all she felt the arousal. She loved sex, albeit not so rough,, and despite the strong will of a magician, could not hold back the waves of heat coming to her head. Her moans became more erotic and it was audible despite the gag. The sexvamp noticed it as well.

- I get the feeling, that you did all that on purpose. You're such a slut! You took all these toys, so I'd use them on you. Horny little bitch, aren't we? Don't worry. I'll take care of you. I'll make sure, you won't be hungry for sex, after I'm done with you.

Jocelyn did her best to keep the word and succeeded for the first time after barely twenty minutes. She fiercely pushed the dildos in and out of elf's holes and made sure the skin of her thighs and buttocks stayed bright pink. Finally the sorceress could not hold back the arousal any longer. She let the orgasm come. The elf arched her back as much as the bonds allowed her to and cried into the gag. If not for it, Aeriella would have been screaming in ecstasy for the whole forest to hear. She clenched her vaginal and anal muscles around the toys, but that did not stop the sexvamp from shoving them back and forth. 

When Aeriella's orgasm eventually subsided, Jocelyn once more abandoned the dildos in elf's holes and moved to play with her breasts. Despite all the pinching and pulling, Aeriella's nipples remained erect. And her breasts were kept constantly pink by all the groping and slapping.

After a minute or two the sexvamp returned to sorceress' holes. She got bored with the toys, though and pulled them out. She decided to use her own hands this time. One went into the anus, the other into vagina and Jocelyn pushed them halfway to the elbows. Then she began to work them in and out. She kept the penetration tirelessly for almost half an hour, only occasionally stopping for a brief spanking. This way she brought the elf to another orgasm. It was as violent as the previous one.

Jocelyn had enough stamina, to go like that for the whole day. But instead of getting tired, she got bored. Over few hours she had brought Aeriella to several intense orgasms. Each made the elf's body tremble and her muscles strain, as she cried into the golden gag. 

- I hope, I had satiated your lust, slut. I need some rest too, you know. I'll leave you here. I'm sure someone will find you soon. Bye.

The sexvamp pushed the dildos into the sorceress' holes to the hilts and secured them with the rope. She slapped her both thighs for goodbye and left the exhausted elf on the ground.

Aeriella could barely think straight. She was almost completely drained of all energy and her whole body felt sore. She laid on the ground for few minutes to calm her breath and to regain at least some of her strength. Only then she could focus on the ropes. The sorceress knew spells, that could untie the bonds, but it was pointless using them in the presence of Jocelyn. They were too slow and the sexvamp would have sensed the magic anyway.

Within a minute the knots were loose enough for the elf to release her lims. How good it felt, to be able to get her legs together again! Aeriella was limber, but few hours with legs in full splits would be straining for anyone. The sorceress then removed her gag and took a deep breath, then gave a long, low moan. Of exhaustion as well as of frustration. "I've been so stupid! So prideful! To go against a vampire on my own. Well, that was my punishment". She thought as she removed the dildos from her holes. These were sore and stretched as well.

The elf's pride has clouded her judgment, but the sexvamp was prideful too. She had left the golden dildos to further torment and humiliate the sorceress. By doing that she let her enemy retain a weapon against herself.

Aeriella collected all the toys and put them in her bag. She closed the crotch of her bodystocking. Getting back to the court took a lot longer, than her way to the woods. Her legs felt uneven and the soreness of her holes forced her to make awkward steps. But she eventually got there. She needed to take a bath and have some rest. But most of all, she had to make plans to catch the cursed vampire. And that she could not achieve on her own.

Fortunately, companions were available at hand, capable and willing, but previously not informed. Valora could always be helpful in all tasks regarding sex and it was her, that Aeriella asked first.

Valora was a woman of exquisite beauty. Slender, of middle height, with full curves and slim waist, she had a perfect figure every twenty year old girl could envy her. Exotic looks, strong tan, big, almond-shaped eyes, large, seductive lips and long, raven black, wavy hair made it impossible to ever forget her.

- You should've told me that right away, Aerie! How could you have gone against a sexual vampire on your own?! You still have a lot to learn.

Valora looked twenty years old, but had lived for almost thrice as long. Sune, her goddess, blessed her with youthful appearance and health. Despite her age and experience, she was still younger, than the sorceress, but that did not stop her from using a patronizing tone.

