 The city lights were behind us, and it was dark. Only a few other cars were out ahead of us on the highway. An occasional bright green sign passed. The air conditioner was blasting, but my toys were cuddled away inside my purse near the armrest.

The back of my old Crown Vic was packed completely full of boxes and things, courtesy of the tiny woman who was in the passenger seat - Vanessa, a former lover of mine... and the one person most responsible for my twisted fetish for shrinking other women.

Her unceremonious, unwelcome return to my life had been marked by her mistreatment of my two beloved toy girls - eight-inch Summer and six-inch Jennifer, probably asleep at the moment - and, consequently, Vanessa's own newfound lessening.

Vanessa's reduction to being a toy herself was still, of course, a work in progress. She was four feet and nine inches tall at the moment, and I expected she would shrink further before the morning. She was still fighting me about it. I would never expect her to simply be okay with being permanently reduced to pocket-size, of course; that would be boring as hell.

"... real simple." I continued, holding up fingers over the wide steering wheel. "Three basic things to know. Six rounds, one penalty each if you fail."

"Yeah..." She seemed quite hesitant, but was listening to me explain the rules that would decide her future size. In the three days I'd inadvertently let her use my own two toy girls, she'd set up some nasty games to play with them - but she'd always had a cruel streak, even years ago. We would correct that behavior by making her fate into a game too... one where every round she lost would mean more shrinking.

I held up one finger over the steering wheel. "For each round, there's a goal, sometimes with a time limit. I'll never lay out something impossible. If you complete that goal, you pass. You're off the hook for that round. If you don't, there's a penalty, which I also lay out beforehand. The main penalty is always shrinking, but there might be other ones on top of it."

She was quiet for a time before answering. "Umm... so who decides if I pass?" She folded her arms, suddenly stern. "You?"

"Me, but I'm open to feedback from Summer and Jennifer." I pointed at my purse, where the toy girls were sleeping, or fucking... or whatever. "We won't be unfair."

"If you say so... and it's not like I have a choice." She glared at me.

I patted her shoulder. "Just think, Vanessa! Put your mind to it, and you might even get off scot free! You might not have to shrink anymore!"

She remained silent. I mean, it was pretty unlikely she'd actually pass every round like that. I fully expected her to fail most of them, actually. Still, had to make sure she had her hopes up. It would be that much sweeter as she failed, and was made to shrink.

I leaned my head toward her. Eyes on the road still, of course. "Tell me what you're thinking right now."

She helplessly blurted out the truth - a irresistible little compulsion I'd shoved into her mind earlier. "Trying to leverage an escape plan. Balancing success versus failure. Wondering if there's a way I can turn this game against you."

"Success versus failure...?" I peered at her for a moment. "You mean you're wondering if life as a toy would be so bad?"

"Yes!" She paused. "I meant to say no but it came out as yes!"

I smiled. "You can't lie to me, remember. Just think about it. Shrinking until you're a happy, sexy little toy girl. Everything taken care of, every decision already made - all you have to do is be a toy." I signaled and pulled off the highway at an exit, following signs to a grocery store. "Hey, here we are. This is going to be round one. You ready?"

"Wait, now? Already?" She turned to me in shock, but I focused on driving. She turned away, mumbling something about how she didn't have a choice. I pulled to a stop in the parking lot.

I pulled the parking brake up. "The first round is simple... go grocery shopping. We need..." I began to run through a list of things we needed, and she scrambled for something to write on. There was nothing. "Come on. Clock is ticking... now." I had my phone out, and showed her the timer I'd just set - twenty minutes.

"Wha - like this?" She was shocked. "In public? I can't! People will - they'll think I'm a freak! I can't even keep my clothes on! I've got no pants!"

She was still wearing what she'd had on back when she'd been more than six feet tall. Her sweatshirt was now baggy enough to go more than halfway down her thighs, and her shoes kept slipping off, forcing her to retrieve them from the floor and put them back on. The only other thing she had on was a pair of panties, hastily cut up and taped back together so they'd stay on... mostly.

I waved a hand dismissively. "Well, you are a bit of a freak, and people should stare. You're barely tall enough to even pass as an adult, and you look like a you tried to put on a real person's clothes but you gave up halfway. I guess you'll have to make something up if someone asks." I waved the ticking timer in front of her, and handed her a hundred-dollar bill. "Hurry up..."

She had to use both hands and her feet to open the door, and plopped down to the asphalt in shoes that were still trying to slip off - bare, tanned legs seeming quite pale under the streetlights illuminating the parking lot. Glowering at me, she trudged off toward the store.

I picked up my purse, bringing it to my lap and opening it to reveal the two toy girls inside. Summer, my eight-inch-tall brunette beauty who'd formerly been wearing a fleece top and yoga pants - both of which she was now resting on like a pillow - had been dozing on my spare pair of white satin panties inside. She was blinking awake, rolling over to reveal her careless nudity like a thousand times before - and sending a pulse of welcome heat through my pussy at the sight of her.

My other toy, Jennifer - a six-inch-tall redhead sexpot, age dialed back and frozen at about twenty - was still wearing her tight green sweater and leg warmers, curled up in the corner of my purse against the small smartphone she used. One foot was wrapped beneath her where she sat, the other down by the home button - both hands against the screen, one bracing her and the other hard at work on a website update.

"Oh." Jennifer glanced up at me, then powered off her phone, holding up both hands and making a small noise. "Up."

"The hell for, you useless thing?" I frowned at her. "I'm horny, and all I was going to do was shove you down my panties."

"I'm hungry, though." She patted her taut stomach, evenly meeting my gaze.

So that whole submissiveness thing I instilled in her mind with the machine? Jennifer apparently interpreted it quite narrowly.

"And your Mistress said she's horny. Do I have to order you?" I glared at her, then glanced at Summer - who was still stirring awake and getting her bearings. She always took forever to wake up, and the wasn't a setting on the machine to fix that.

Jennifer's tiny finger pointed toward my chest. "Hungry!" She folded her arms, then sounded a bit more conciliatory. "You know how bad I am on your pussy when I'm starving."

"Fine. Little bitch... you do double pussy duty later for this. " I snatched her out of the purse, tugging open the neck of my black long-sleeved tee and dropping her bodily down inside. She'd long since stopped making the startled wails and pleas that had happened in the month or two after I'd shrunk her, and now seemed quite accustomed to being tossed into my clothing. I felt her plop down onto my boobs, her hand catching on the hem of my bra - and then a wriggling, ticklish sensation as she...

Oh... the little bitch was getting naked in there. I bit my lip, savoring the feel of her small, warm body squirming in the tight space between my boob and the soft fabric of my tee-shirt, making herself nude for me, then crawling into the even tighter space within my bra to reach my - oh, she was doing it now, inching along in there toward my nipple.

I adjusted my top and bra a little, feeling even more heat in my sex build up - then Jennifer, fumbling in the dark, finally located my nipple, hands and then her mouth fixing on it. A gentle suckling began, and I leaned back in my chair, sighing. It was pretty dark out here, and nobody would see me getting off unless they were right outside the door.

Jennifer's naked little body, her tits smushed up against my own that dwarfed her entire being, her mouth working on my nipple as milk pumped freely down her throat, the hint of her wetness as her legs adjusted...

My hand slipped under my panties, finding my sex right away and working it. I was so hot from all this shrinking business with Vanessa already, and now Jennifer - I'd rather have her in my panties, but I guess I'm a pushover of a Mistress. My fingers rapidly moved through my pussy and over my clit, and I moaned, arching my back and biting my lip in the driver's seat.

I suddenly glanced down when I felt something on my wrist - the slight patter of naked little Summer hopping out of the purse and onto my stomach, next to where my hand was under the waistband of my skirt and panties. I could barely make out her shape in the dark, but gasped as she slipped herself within as well - seeking out my pussy like the well-trained little toy she was. She knew what her Mistress wanted.

I slowly pulled my girl-slick hand out of my panties as I let Summer establish herself down there, finding a good position and bracing herself between my thighs and panties, until I gasped with the wondrous sensation of being penetrated by her knee and thigh. She attacked my clit with her mouth, occasionally trying to squeeze it between her tits - the way she knew I loved to watch, but it was almost just as good in the dark, unable to see the tantalizing vision of her treating her Mistress so well.

I gasped, moaning aloud - probably loud enough that people nearby might have heard, even through the closed windows. I fixed both hands to the steering wheel to brace myself and simply enjoy the wondrous pleasure of my toy girls doing what they did best. I wasn't actually sure if Jennifer even knew that Summer was hard at work down below, but whatever - she must have been really hungry, she was sucking down about as much milk as she ever had.

"Oh... Summer... Summer!" I squirmed in my seat, wondering if I was wet enough to soak right through my pants and onto the cushion. If I did, maybe I could get Vanessa to clean it up - but only after she'd shrunk more... oh fuck me, that image alone nearly got me off.

My fertile imagination explored more possibilities. Tiny little Vanessa, assigned to do the household chores as a one-foot-tall toy girl... naked and helpless, scrubbing the floor hard and working up a sweat, only to be whisked away by a Mistress eager to explore some perverted new idea...

My pussy spasmed around Summer, who by then had been using her knee and thigh quite proficiently as a small dildo. Pleasure washed out, wave by wave, and I arched my back in my seat as I came. Repeated, deep animalistic groans reverberated through the car. I shook and bounced in the cushion, vaguely hoping between the surges of bliss that I didn't make things awkward for Summer down there.

It was so good, and I needed it. My toys were so well matched to me, I couldn't have picked them better myself. I slumped forward, my head on the top of the steering wheel, feeling the sheen of perspiration under my clothes begin to seep into the fabric. Jennifer must have let my milk spray freely - I could feel copious amounts of warm liquid soaking through my bra on the left side, where she'd been.

I felt like stripping naked, but even with the machine some things would be pretty inconvenient to fix if I was caught in public - not to mention a waste of charge, at a time when I had the entire charge in the accumulator budgeted for Vanessa's reduction to a toy.

As the milk dried on the inside of my bra and tee, I bent forward for a moment, reaching back and under my shirt to unsnap my bra, then a few contortions later the milk-soaked thing was tossed aside and onto the back seat. I reached back there a second time, finding a light jacket, pulling it on but leaving it open; it did just enough to hide that I was bra-less and wearing a stained shirt.

As I did all that, I let both the girls crawl out on their own, not worried about their state. When my bra unsnapped, I felt Jennifer tumble out the bottom, and crawl down my stomach to escape. Summer must have been taking a break, as Jennifer crawled out of the hem of my shirt - body glistening in the darkness, smelling of my milk.

"Hey... I kind of let it spray wild in there, all over me like a hose... was fun, and I guess Summer - ah, there she is - yeah, I thought she was in your panties." She shrugged. "Guess it helped."

Summer's tiny head poked out, barely visible, and I picked her up and put her on the dashboard - then did the same with Jennifer, as I leaned my forehead on the steering wheel again. "Fuck... that was awesome... you two did awesome." 

On the dashboard, there was just enough light to make out their faces. Jennifer leaned backward as she sat down, resting with her palms behind her. She faced me, raising a small eyebrow. "This game thing - how many rounds does it go?"

"Five or six, I think. About all I have ideas for." I shrugged, taking a deep breath. My sweat was cooling. "Why?"

Jennifer looked up at Summer, licking her lips, then back at me. "Just wondering how small she'll get... fuck, I'm as twisted as you are now. I'm getting even more hot thinking about her shrinking smaller than me. Please tell me you'll shrink her smaller than both of us."

I held up a hand. "The game is real. How much she shrinks will depend on how well she does. That being said... I know Vanessa pretty well, and I've got a good feeling she'll be smaller than you by this time, say, two days from now."

"Oh fuck, that's so hot..." Jennifer was taking deep breaths, and curled up to herself - one hand finding her bare sex and playing with herself. "I'm such a twisted bitch now, I love it, I want you to shrink that blonde real small - and I want to dominate the fuck out of her! Haha!"

Jennifer's voice was loud - for a six-inch-tall woman, anyway - and wicked, as her hands slinked down to her sex and she began to gently play with herself while she spoke. I couldn't help but love this twisted side of her that had come out after I shrunk her, and it was particularly interesting that I hadn't put it there with the machine. She'd found her way to my kink on her own.

Summer crouched down behind her, silently wrapping her arms around the redhead and pulling up the smaller woman's chin for a deep kiss - then reaching down below to join Jennifer's hands on her pussy. Together they frigged her, hard, caressing one another at the same time as Summer slowly enveloped the smaller girl from behind - legs on either side of her, arms around her, face over hers, breasts pressed to the redhead's back.

"The two of you..." I said it through deep breaths, still sort of recovering from my orgasm - and feeling generous. "... hmm... one-minute delay. Cum."

Their lovemaking shifted instantly, Jennifer twisting around to caress Summer face-to-face. They both knew well that they would cum in about sixty seconds - or so, the body doesn't always perfectly obey a hard timer like I'd given - and focused instead totally on making each other's impending orgasm all the better. Breasts pressed together, lips met, arms locked behind each others' backs as they joined together in a loving sixty-ni-

Muffled sounds from behind me. I turned, seeing someone approach - oh hell, it was Vanessa, shambling along in her oversized shoes, with some tall guy next to her. He was studiously ignoring the way her clothing constantly threatened to fall off, and seemed to be carrying her bags for her.

Had she found a damn boyfriend in just one trip to the grocery store? I frowned. Had she told him - no, I'd forbidden that, and she wouldn't be able to think up a workaround. She wasn't that kind of clever, like Jennifer was.

I put my purse up against the dashboard, top open, and with a quick motion I deftly knocked my two toy girls - each only seconds from screaming orgasm - off the dash and into its confines. They both wailed, startled, but their pussies quivered with pleasure anyway as they plopped down onto the spare pair of clean satin panties that I kept inside. I snapped it shut, ignoring their cries of orgasm from within.

Might have kind of ruined the moment for them... I'd make it up to them later.

I popped open the door, jumping out and waving at the two. The man looked at me, then at her, a polite but guarded expression on his face. He was about to say something, and I interrupted him. "Oh... I didn't think she'd go in and shop herself! She was just supposed to, uh, put some mail in the box! Thank you sooooo much for helping her!"

I wasn't above using my own petite, mousy looks when it served me - especially now that I'd used the machine to make myself so much more sexy. My wonderfully round breasts swayed back and forth freely under my jacket as I closed the car door, and I brushed a long lock of dark hair away from my face, smiling at him.

"Uhh... yeah." His voice was deep; he was tall and handsome. Actually kind of my type, or would have been back when I didn't have toy girls to fuck. He seemed very uncomfortable with his situation; not surprising, I guess. He looked down at Vanessa. "This was the friend you were talking about?"

Vanessa tried to say something, but it caught in her throat. She was under a compulsion to not betray me or reveal anything about the machine, or her fate to shrink into my toy - probably trying to blab to him. She cleared her throat, then glanced between us. "Oh - uh - yeah."

"The trunk is full!" I ran around to the other side, opening the passenger door. "Can you just put them on the floor on the driver's side here?" I gestured inside.

He put down the three bags inside, gently, and glanced again between us one more time - obviously suspicious, but with little to go on. He finally bent down a bit toward me, talking more quietly. "Listen, if she needs money for clothes - I mean, they basically kicked her out of the store. It was super embarrassing for her." He had a hand in his back pocket, reaching for his wallet.

"Oh no no no!" I held his hand where it was. "Vanessa is - she's going through some, uh, changes... in her life right now. It's a phase, you could say. She kind of tossed all her old clothes! We're getting her new stuff this weekend, and we'll... straighten out... her behavior." I said it just barely loud enough for Vanessa to hear as she approached from behind. I turned to face her, gesturing into the car as well. "Come on, Vanessa. Let's go home. I told you people would stare if you dressed like that." I gave her a thin smile.

She silently stepped past me, a few inches shorter than me - and almost tripped in her own shoes one more time before she plopped down into her seat, pouting like an angry kid. I shut the door, and shrugged at the guy. "Some of us made awesome friends in our college years... and some of us ended up friends with Vanessa."

"Right..." He gave a weak smile, then walked away - looking at me again over his shoulder as he left. I went back to the driver's side, getting in and shutting the door, turning to her.

"Hmm... thought you'd found a knight in shining armor, to save you?" I nodded toward the guy.

"Yes... I wanted to say no, but I said yes because I meant yes. Fuck! Fuck your... honesty spell or whatever!" She sputtered for a moment.

"Nobody could save you from yourself, Vanessa - nobody except me. I mean... imagine whatever you were thinking with him, that it worked. He whisks you away somewhere for a night, maybe he even fucks you - then he wakes up in the morning and realizes you're an unemployed, criminal slut on the lam. You're back to square one, wandering around hungry and with nowhere to even sleep. But if you just shrink for me, you can be warm and safe, always taken care of-"
