 My body felt incredibly tired, weak, and sore - as if I'd just run a marathon. Numbness around the left side of my ribs was slowly giving way to increasing pain, and the position I'd fallen in - had left my neck aching and my arm asleep. There was an especially sharp ache on the side of my head.

It took a while for my brain to start registering things and realize I wasn't just hung over again. Shifting and turning around, I realized my hands were bound up, and looked around. I was in my bedroom - the old condo bedroom, not the new villa upstate. There wasn't much left here than a few empty boxes and random stuff strewn about. I'd been coming here yesterday to finish packing and finally make the move to the new place official. There was a chair set up at the foot of the air mattress I was on - and a woman was sitting on it, who...

Oh... fucking hell.

I blinked, recalling some of the details leading up to this situation. I'd left my toy girls here for a few days while I drove all the hell way down to Florida, to pick up some new custom-tooled parts for the machine - stuff I didn't want to risk shipping or flying. The girls stayed home, too many commitments with their online business.

It was the longest I'd ever been apart from my toys since I shrunk them, and I'd had this happy spring in my step as I got back to New York and was looking forward to a special night with Summer and Jennifer - shoving their tiny bodies into my panties and bra, taking a bubble bath with them, making them each cum again and again as I sipped some wine and caught a movie with one or both nestled between my tits...

Instead, I'd come home to find Vanessa here - an intruder, basically. She must have still had a key to my old place. I'd coming in, seen her, I remembered being in shock and seeing her holding the girls... then what happened?

I shook my head, but it was gone. My body ached all over, and my head was pounding as I tried to sit up and focus on Vanessa. She was still tall and tanned, of course - I could never forget how tall she was, taller than most men - and was wearing only a faded sweatshirt and jeans, and some sneakers.

Her dirty blonde hair was cut short now, her deep brown eyes focused on her hands on the machine's control tablet in her hands, which she must have taken from my purse and was apparently using. That was... worrying. How did she get the passcode? The toys wouldn't have betrayed me...

Shifting around, I must have made too much noise. She glanced up at me and gave a wide, wicked grin. I noticed her eyes seemed a bit sunken and her skin was less smooth and perfect than she ever would have allowed when I knew her. Vanity hadn't been her only flaw, but it had certainly been high on the list.

I looked around, trying to focus, and finally caught sight of my toy girls - Summer, eight inches tall and a gorgeous brunette... and Jennifer, six inches and a cute, sexy redhead. Each my mostly-willing lover, or pet, depending on how you wanted to look at it. Blinking, I began to register their current predicament. They were both held in place to the bedside table by a length of duct tape, carelessly slapped over them.

The bitch! How long had they been like that? Their skin around the edges of the tape was reddened and dirty. Summer was downcast, and Jennifer couldn't even meet my eyes. I guess I knew how Vanessa got the passcode.. Maybe the loyalty compulsion in their minds wasn't strong enough, or had worn off?

I'd figure that out later. I tried to shimmy over to them, but I couldn't move. I needed to get the girls back from her. Soon. Looking down, I could see I was still in my long blue jeans, tee-shirt, and white puffy jacket, but had lost one of my shoes when - I guess - she dragged me into here. My hands and feet were bound together with duct tape, and more tape all over me was pinning me to the air mattress. It sure as hell wasn't a professional job, but it was doing the trick.

Vanessa was tapping something onto the tablet, and suddenly her face brightened and she looked up at me. "So this thing is how you shrunk these two, huh?" She waved its screen at me, and I saw my own nude form floating on it, with a lot of slider bars nearby.

She gave a leering, predatory grin. "You little fucking pervert bitch. Well, that's over now. I just found this nice, big, 'Enslave' button." She tapped her finger near it. "Bet you don't want me to hit that?"

I squirmed about, looking at her with wide eyes. Her spiteful laugh followed. "Too bad!" She got up close to me before tapping the button, right in front of my face. The tablet's screen was facing her, not me, so she saw the expected activation sequence.

I did a lot of everything she'd expect, at least at first - and looked up to see a twisted glee in her eyes... one I didn't remember ever seeing on her face before. I mean, there had always been plenty of bad in Vanessa - but not like this. I wondered if my face looked like that the moment before I shrunk Jennifer? Still, I kept up the apparent struggle until she started to look confused...

...and, seconds later, she fell to her knees moaning and gasping. Her hands went flat to the floor and she began panting, closing her eyes.

That would be the failsafe. I mean, you didn't think I spent weeks programming a whole new interface for the machine, then didn't leave anything in it to prevent it from being used against me, right? Even I'm not that sloppy.

The machine - its new tungsten emitter easily granting it enough range to twist Vanessa's thoughts all the way from its new home at the upstate villa - slipped into her unwilling mind and inserted the standard package I'd set up months ago. Her obvious physical pleasure and moans were just a side effect as it brutishly rearranged her priorities.

Neurons were redirected, making some things easier to think of and some things much more difficult. Inevitably, it would also be making her very hot and wet, as the machine's magic always did; an orderly, focused mind was a lot of work to alter, but the sex-laden mush it could so easily turn her mind into? Less than half the depletion factor.

She wailed out loud as the payload was delivered, her mind forced to accept something new inside. It wasn't going to overhaul her entire personality... not right now. It just made a few simple changes to resolve the expected predicament, should I ever find myself in a situation where someone else got their hands on my machine.

Vanessa was left sweaty and panting less than a minute later, the tablet having been dropped onto the bed next to me and her mouth open wide. She was looking at me through hazy, confused eyes, one hand thoughtlessly cupping a breast. I smiled.

"Vanessa." I gave her a frown, to which she gave a delayed, confused expression. I upped my voice a bit. "Vanessa! Get this tape off me, and give me the tablet."

"Whaaat..." She was standing up. "Fuck that..." Her eyes widened as she looked down, to realize her hands were doing exactly as I had instructed. "Wait, what? I'm not doing this. I'm not."

Strip by strip, she pulled the duct tape off me, eyes wide as she babbled - and revealing my now-ruined shirt and pants. Bitch. It hurt when she pulled it off my wrists and ankles, but a lack of body hair spared me from the worst of that experience. 

"What am I doing? Raych? What's going on? Why can't I - no! Not that no why no no!" She obediently handed me the tablet when I was free, and I took it, not bothering to answer her confused and scared question.

"Stay in your chair and be quiet, V." She flashed a little scowl - we both knew how she hated to be called that - but followed orders. I quickly set myself to freeing the toys, who had been quiet and good. I worked my nails under the tape and got them both out, their bodies sticky and looking sore - but I noticed something was especially wrong with Summer. All over her skin were small, narrow red welts arranged in curved lines, which were just...

... Oh. The fucking bitch. Summer held quite still in my hand, unwilling to even sit down - the teeth marks were all over her.

"It's my fault. All of it." Jennifer raised a hand, looking somber and weak, then slipped over toward Summer on my palm, helping the other toy hold her legs up. "I wouldn't tell the bitch the passcode, and she got pissed, so she took Summer up to her teeth and said, every second I don't-"

"Stop. No more." I felt my face turning red, but first I booted up the tablet. Pulling up Summer, with a few taps I quickly restored the brunette's body from a previous backup. As we watched, the marks vanished, her tiny body healed to perfect sexiness in moments - aside from the sticky residue and grime left on her, anyway. Three percent of charge well spent.

Summer was shimmying around, the inevitable side effect of the machine leaving her a bit aroused and bursting with energy. She thanked me profusely, and began to describe the many ways she wanted to make me cum - which I told her to hold off on for the moment. It still wasn't long before she was glancing at Jennifer, biting her lip and staring up and down at the other nude toy - also dirty though she was.

Jennifer, oblivious to Summer's desire, stroked Summer's calf - her eyes closed, looking more disappointed with herself than anything. "I didn't know what to do. I told her. I know we lucked out and she could have used it on someone else, gotten us caught... I should have thought of this happening ahead of time, come up with a plan."

I waved a hand. I guess I knew now what happened if their love for each other and their loyalty compulsion clashed... but I was fine with it. "We'll talk about it later. Maybe I can do up a duress password that gives them a fake client or something." I gave Jennifer a kiss on the head, then a fuller one to Summer's bright face. "I'll wash you two now."

Summer shook her head emphatically. "Mistress! What about you?" She was pointing up at my head, which now that I thought about it - oh yeah, agonizing pain.

"Oh... right." I tapped a bit more, and a minute later my own body was restored. Heat washed through me, and the pain and soreness vanished - soon replaced by another welcome, wet heat from my sex. It grew in intensity, soon tempting me to shove one of the toys into my panties... but no, they'd just had a very bad three days and deserved something a bit more intimate.

Vanessa, on the other hand... I ran my tongue over my lips. Captured and enslaved? Already done. A miserable bitch? Without a doubt. In need of punishment? Lots. Still sexy? Well, only kind of...

I turned to Vanessa, who was squirming in her chair - but kept her hands on her lap, eyes wide as she looked at me. I looked back at her for a minute, then told her to stay put as I got up and went into the kitchen, then started running warm water in the sink.

I thought to myself for a few minutes as I soaped the girls up, gently scrubbing them clean of the tape's adhesive and the associated dirt and grime. My worries about how quickly they'd bounce back from this episode were soon vanquished as Jennifer began humping my thumb as I ran the hot water over her. She still seemed a bit disappointed in herself, but her sex drive was easily strong enough to distract her. I gently, lovingly brought her off, then gave her a few tickles for good measure as I scrubbed the rest of the six-inch-tall redhead.

A now perfectly clean, nude Jennifer was placed gently next to the sink and dried herself with a plush hand towel. She relayed to me what happened as I toyed with Summer's naked body the same way - idly bringing her squirming form to two orgasms as I listened to the story, occasionally scrubbing my own wrists and hands as well.

Vanessa had shown up later in the same day after I left for Florida. She did still have a key, I guess a copy of the one she gave back to me years ago. She found the toys, and upon realizing they were real and not just motorized dolls or something, talked briefly about selling them, though Jennifer hadn't been sure if she was serious. A made-up story had stopped her from following through, at least.

That might have been even worse, though. Vanessa stayed put, squatting at my place - apparently her original intent for breaking in, somehow having found out I'd moved away but the place was paid through the end of the year - and availed herself of my toy girls for three days.

There had been a series of increasingly cruel games through which she extracted pleasure and information from them - up until I'd come back, I saw her again with my girls in her hand, and after the moment of shock wore off I rushed at her to try and take the girls back. She'd stun-gunned me in the ribs, and here we were.

I fished through my roller bag, finding the only other clothes I had that weren't covered in adhesive - a long, blue skirt, loose and billowy, and a slim white turtleneck that hugged my boobs wonderfully. I put them on, and went back to Vanessa with the girls and the tablet.

Sitting down across from her on the mattress, I gave her a solid glare. "You came here to squat at my old place?" She nodded. I peered at her. "How did you find out?" She was silent. "Answer me."

She blurted it out with an odd expression. "Your landlord recognized me - thought I never left, I guess. Told me everything." She seemed confused. Guess she didn't figure it out.

Stupid bastard landlord. Maybe I'd give him a zap before I left. Whatever. I looked back at Vanessa. "So it's clear - it's actually you who's the slave now. You're forbidden to hurt me, and have to comply with any commands I give." I paused, picking up the tablet. "Hmm... also..."

I tapped in a sequence, thought for a moment, then dragged and dropped a second of my pre-made executables into the sequence. I activated it, and hearing her briefly moan as something touched her mind, then it went to work throughout her body, beginning a special process that would be very slow and low-energy... but also a lot of fun. I waved the tablet around. "You're unable to lie to me now. In fact, you have to tell the complete truth, even if it means oversharing. Should be fun for you."

"What? No, I'm good at lying, especially to you." Her eyes widened as she realized what had slipped from her mouth was totally unlike whatever she'd been planning to say.

I giggled. "Well, maybe before, but it's impossible now, so get used to it." I leaned forward, frowning. "Listen, Vanessa - here's my first orders: You're forbidden to escape the condo, call for help, or do any further harm to me or my toy girls. You can stand up if you want now."

She hesitantly stood up, towering over me with her six-foot-one body. Well, we didn't have to worry about that for long. "What's going on? Why didn't it work when I used it on you?"

"Of course my own machine can't be used against me, V." I rolled my eyes. "You're my slave now, and for good."

She pursed her lips. "This isn't real... I don't want to be a slave... can we just call it even? Can't you just let me go?"

"Could I? Sure. Will I? No." I stood, folding my arms as her expression brightened - then fell. "How'd you end up back in New York, anyway? Had to be better places for you to bum off someone else, and we didn't exactly end on good terms."

"I needed to get away from the cops. This was the only state where I knew somebody and there were no warrants out for me." She blinked, probably realizing she hadn't meant to share that much.

My eyebrows went up. "... Warrants?" Perfect rich-bitch Vanessa had a record now?

"Yeah. I'm wanted on a bunch of charges of bank fraud... that I know about. Six arrest warrants in five states..." Her eyes were going wider as she let it all spill out. "... I spend most nights sleeping in cars or with people I meet at bars and fuck, then skip out in the morning. Steal cash and credit cards if I can. My dad's fortune went to shit and he's in jail now, so I have nothing. I came here hoping to hook up with you, and steal some money before bailing and hopefully getting out of the country somehow."

"Wow." I nodded - and my surprise was even genuine. "Color me impressed. I didn't think you had it in you. So tell me, V, did you enjoy your time with my toys?" I held both of them up in my hands, cradling their exquisite little warm bodies carefully - the right way.

She glanced at their accusing gazes, then up at me, still clearly lacking any respect for them. "Uh, yeah, I guess. They're fun to squeeze and make funny noises."

I glared at her. "Summer and Jennifer used to be normal people until I made them like this. I shrank them, with my machine. They can never go back, so I take good care of them. Very good care." I took them back toward myself, cupping my hands around them. "They're toys now - still people, but they belong to me. They still deserve respect and love, though... and not to be 'squeezed and make funny noises'."

"Yeah, if you say so." She was giving me an empty, bored expression, and her words sounded hollow. "So - this isn't hard to figure out, Raych. You're the one who obsessed about me being tall the whole time we were fucking. You basically got off on it, then would rant about it for an hour afterward while I was trying to sleep. If you ask me, you turning them into... that... just shows you're still obsessed with me." She had this odd expression for all that last bit, as if she was surprised to hear herself say it... but still not regretting it.

I shiver of rage went up my spine, but I suppressed it much more easily than I would have expected. Mental note - that truth compulsion means they'll tell me things I don't like too.

In fact - I should probably tell you all now - while I was certainly a fucked-up person before I met Vanessa, it was my time as her 'lover'... in as much as she could ever have one... that's what turned me into what I am today.

My whole complex about hating tall chicks, and fantasizing about making them tiny and helpless? Basically a product of my two years as Vanessa's disposable fuckbuddy. She was so hot, svelte, and - at times - regal and imposing. No small part of me liked that domineering, alpha side of her.

On the other hand, I received the brunt of her cruel, selfish 'attention' and bullying, especially in public and around her other friends - which built up over years inside my old, passive wallflower personality and turned me into this twisted thing that I am.

I'm over it now, though.

No, really, I am.

"Are you sure that's how you want to talk to me, Vanessa?" I smiled. "You've seen - and you're feeling right now - the kind of power I have. I can do anything I want to you. Anything. I could make you disappear. I could make it impossible for you to wear clothes ever again, or make you the stupidest bimbo ever, or give you a compulsion to fuck old, fat dudes every night."

Her eyes were going wider the whole time, and she bit her lip - but her gaze never left mine. She glanced away, then looked back, her eyes narrow. "You wouldn't. Someone would find out."

"Find out how? What court would believe the kind of power I have? I already changed these two forever... and Summer and Jennifer here were more important people than a low-life like you. People came looking for both of them after I shrunk them, but one zap and off they went."

I giggled, pressing up closer to her, feeling my chest squash against her stomach. "You know, Vanessa... you were right before, though." I smiled. "I am... a little, a tad, fixated on you. You helped make me what I am today. I feel like you need to be put in your place. Do you know where your place is, now?"

"Huh?" She wasn't able to move still, but she did look around the room, turning back to me - with a flinch as she noticed something odd.

"So... you started today with your chin about here, right?" I held a hand up to the top of my forehead, then moved it forward... to touch her mouth. "Looks like you've lost two whole inches so far!" I heard Summer burst out laughing.
