 Ashley pulled up to her neighbourhood and suddenly realised her car had stopped. Suddenly her door flew open and she was outside, her naked body glistened with sweat in the sunlight. She was still laughing despite the fear and embarrassment that consumed her. She covered her breasts with her hands, each holding a key ring. Her left hand held the key to Thea's car and her right hand held the key to Victor's. At first no one noticed her, but her laughter had turned a few heads and their reactions drew a few more. 

She soon broke into a run while keeping her head down and decided to move her left hand over her face while moving her right arm across her large chest. She left without closing the door to Thea's car and within minutes of her leaving it was hotwired and stolen, taking with it her stills camera, which she forgot she left in there, and the tube of green liquid she and Thea stole the night before. 

She ran for about 3 or 4 minutes until she began to slow. Her hands went to her sides, her head lifted up, and her posture was near perfect. Her eyes turned from painful embarrassment to joyful and fun. Her laugh turned from a failed restraint to a high-pitched howl. Despite the sudden change in personality she continued to walk, rather casually, to her home. 

Walking past a group of surprised youths they asked for some pictures and feeling compelled to oblige she stopped and began to pose with them. She let them touch whatever they wanted, and she touched them wherever they wanted. They constantly switched between who was holding the phone to take the pictures so every one of them got a go. 

Several minutes passed until the persona that was Jess was taking a backseat to the much more embarrassed Ashley. Seeing what was happening she broke off into a run again, this time using both hands to hide her face allowing her tits to bounce constantly. Crying and laughing she ran, she raced past people she knew, old friends from Uni, College, and even some from back in school. She went by so fast they didn't notice it was her, but she knew, and she was mortified by it all. "Just get home and erase the footage," She told herself, "Then you can drive back to the warehouse and everything will be alright."

The drug she was given had clouded her mind; she now wanted to go back there, to experience even more experiments and humiliation, which was what Victor suggested after all, that she drive his car back to the warehouse.

Finally she got back to her house and went to open the door, but then realised she didn't have a key. Her laughter got harder as she panicked. She banged on the door in the hopes that her housemates were still home and to her luck they were. The door was opened by a slim dark haired girl who Ashley pushed past to go up to her room. 

She barged in her room and grabbed her camera that lay on her desk. She went into the options menu and selected "Format Memory" to erase all data on the SD card. Seeing as how she filmed hours and hours of footage the camera read that it would take up to 30 minutes to format the memory and so while she waited she ran into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Without testing the temperature or taking off her dress shoes, she jumped in and didn't care about the water being freezing, she just wanted the smell of sweat, urine, and cum off of her. 

The water quickly began to heat up as she lathered her body in soap and began scrubbing her bare skin down vigorously. After she was done 20 minutes had passed and she moved onto her hair. She lathered it through with shampoo and dug her fingers deep into her scalp to make sure that she cleaned as much as she could. 

She got out of the shower to find the camera still had another 2 minutes until all memory was wiped so she went to her wardrobe and just as the door opened Jess took control.

Looking over the clothes in the wardrobe Jess picked out the most revealing thing she could find. That being last years Halloween costume. A cave woman outfit that was just a string bikini with loincloths over the breasts and 2 other loincloths stitched to a waistband, the smaller loincloth in the front reaching halfway down her thy, and the larger one in the back stretching down to her knees. On Halloween she wore beige underwear with it, but Jess didn't think that would be as fun.

Once "dressed" she looked at the camera to see it was completely wiped then grabbed Victor's car key, along with the vibrator in Ashley's box under her bed, and walked down to the car with her head held high still laughing like a maniac. Her housemates watched her as she left in confusion. Once in the car she put the vibrator between her legs and switched it on.

20 minutes later she was sat in the drivers seat at a red light about to experience her 2nd orgasm of the drive, the guy in the car next to her motioned for her to put her window down. Once down he suggested she show him her tits and without thought she took off the small loincloths over her chest, giggling all while doing so. He took some pictures just as she orgasmed and the flash blinded her slightly. The flash along with the orgasm threw Jess to the back of her mind and Ashley was once again in control. 

Confused over her surroundings it took the car behind her honking to get her to realise that she was sat in the car at a green light. Panicking, out of breath, once again covered in sweat, and unwillingly laughing she slammed her foot down and the car took off just as the light turned red again. A few seconds afterwards she noticed the buzzing in her pussy and reached her hand down without looking to move the sex toy away from her and turn it off. She didn't even notice she was topless until the next red light when a guy walking by complemented her on her tits. She looked down and screamed through her laugh while bringing her hands up to cover herself. She looked at the passenger seat to see the top half of the costume lying there. She reached down and put the top back on and once again was made clear of the green light by the person behind her honking. 

As soon as she took off she noticed there was something missing. Something was suddenly different, but she couldn't place it. Then it hit her. She wasn't laughing anymore, "fank God." She lisped.

Several minutes later she was back at the warehouse and pulled the car into where Thea's was when she found it. There was just the short walk from the car to the front door to go now. Her laughter was now gone which made things easier, but there were people out on the street she was about to run half naked on.

She still was feeling compelled to go inside, but to a much lesser degree. The drug was beginning to ware off. But it was still a little too much to ignore so she stepped outside into the cold street. A heavy gust of wind unexpectedly came by, lifting up the loincloths covering her arse and pussy. The wind was also cold enough to harden her nipples and cause her to shiver. She frantically raced her hands around to keep the loincloths down, looking like she was swatting a very persistent fly around her crotch. Enough people turned to look at the young woman for her to no longer care and she broke into a full run to the warehouse. She reached the door and knocked constantly, the door soon opened and the embarrassed girl ran inside just as Jess regained control.

She was only there for a minute, but that was long enough for Victor to chain her back up to the wall, only now right side up. He took note of her no longer laughing and not being as compliant with his suggestions so he got right back to the wheel to see what other torture he would but Ashley through. "If I remember correctly you still owe me 3 more experiments. It would be 1, but I guess I lucked out with your thirst pill," He said to her as he began the wheel. 

As the wheel spun she looked over to the jar of jam to see it open with Thea no longer inside. She looked around for her to finally find her strung up by string above her head. She was still covered in jam and looked to be sick from how much she ended up eating. Ashley stared up at Thea helplessly, trying to think of a way out of this.

Victor's words brought her out of her thoughts. "Green pill." He opened the first jar on the trolley next to her. "This pill is only temporary, but in my opinion it is one of the worst," he began as he pressed it against her lips, "quite simple this pill will relax all of the muscles in your eyes completely, leaving you blind for about 30 minutes." 

Ashley gasped and began screaming through her new lisp "NO, NO! PWEESE DON'T DWO THITH!" 

"Oh that voice sounds so much cuter than before. The laughing was getting really annoying anyway." He then forced the pill into her mouth and she spat it out. As soon as it hit the floor he slapped her as hard as he could across the face. She screamed from the sudden attack. Afterwards he grabbed a taser from a nearby shelf and pressed it against her abdomen and pressed the trigger. The pain was unlike anything she ever felt before. She tried to beg him to stop, but words would not form.

After what felt like years the taser stopped and Victor retrieved another pill from the jar. He pressed it to her lips and held the taser inches from her left eye. "Swallow." He spoke with a firm, un-nerving voice. She wanted to cry again, but held back, not wanting to give him the satisfaction. She opened her mouth and let the pill inside. Next thing she knew the taser was pressing against her clit. "Swallow or I press the trigger." He said again in his dominant voice. Holding back tears she swallowed the pill and a few minutes later the room went dark.

************************

Several more minutes passed as Ashley listened for anything. But all she heard was Victor walking back and forth. She had no idea what he was doing, but she heard something snap shut by accident. Shortly after she felt his body press against hers, but not in a sexual way. No, he was reaching up to get Thea. Thea was trying to yell to Ashley what was about to happen, but her voice was too small to begin with, add that with it being muffled by Victors giant hands then Ashley didn't catch a word. 

Very shortly after that Ashley felt her restraints open and she collapsed to the floor. Standing up she heard Victor laughing. Then he told her what was about to happen, "I have strung out small friend here up above a sink of liquid nitrogen on with a piece of string that is attached to device that will lower her a few inches every 10 seconds. Quite simply you have to make your way over to her before she freezes to death in the sink," he paused to let it sink in, "and she only has enough string to keep her out of the sink for about 3 minutes, so I would hurry if I were you."

Ashley took a big step forward and suddenly, SNAP, she cried out in pain as she stepped onto a mousetrap. Victor laughed from the side and she then broke into a run, ignoring pain and not caring what happened at all. She slammed into the worktop at full force and the sudden stop caught her off guard. In total she had tripped 17 mousetraps and her feet were in total agony from it, but she still ignored the pain as she carefully waved her hands out in front of her trying to find Thea. She walked along the side of the circular worktop, tripping another 4 mousetraps in the process. Finally she found her tiny friend just a few inches away from the sink. 

She grabbed the string and pulled her up into the air. With her other hand grabbing the string a little higher up she snapped it off and held the tiny, sticky, naked girl in her hands. That was when she heard the wheel begin to spin again.

"Well that's a shame," Victor said openly, "I was hoping this wouldn't come up, but it looks like you are going to be mute." Ashley smiled at this; she could now no longer humiliate herself with her lisp. Or at least for however long the pill lasted. "Tell you what, I'll make a deal..." This caught her attention, "...if you agree that we ignore this one then I'll strike one experiment off the board, so you'll only have to do another 2." 

Ashley was confused. If he didn't want to do this one then why didn't he just ignore it himself? Thea knew. He was a stickler for rules, and hated cheaters. To him this was all one big game and the only way he would be happy would be if they came to a mutual agreement over this. He had come to love her lisp, and she knew that. Using that to her advantage she said, "No deal. I will ownly agwee if ywou take it dwown two one"

He thought on it for a while, but finally he agreed to take the experiments down to one, but only on one condition, "I get to chose the experiment." In that time when he was debating this Jess took over and said yes to his terms. A sinister smile came to his face as he lead the blind girl to the vents where Thea had accidently been turned tiny. He then took Thea from her hand and placed her on the table. He then walked over to a switch on the wall and pressed it. Ashley took control again the second the green gas entered her system.

Soon she found herself underneath what was essentially a broken down tent. She crawled from underneath her giant Halloween costume and was greeted by the giant that was Victor picking her up into the air. He smiled and laughed at her, and she saw no need to hide her feelings. Sat in the palm of his hand she began bawling. She had lost. The evidence was deleted and/or stolen. She was too small to do anything but be his plaything. He carried her over to the dollhouse she saw the previous night and opened the roof to lower her into it. 

Once inside she was met with a skinny thug, the same thug who barged into the warehouse the night before. He was sat naked on a pink plastic chair with a plastic plate full of breadcrumbs, which to the two of them was just bread. He looked up at the well-endowed naked woman before him and began to laugh. He didn't say anything but he stared. Nervous and embarrassed Ashley covered her body the best she could with her hands. 

He stood from the chair with his mouth full of bread and began walking up to her. She heard his footsteps and in a panic she ran to look for the door. After dragging her hands frantically along the wall she found the door, only to find it was just for show and didn't open. Realising this too late she turned around to run into the horny doll sized man less than a foot away from her. He swallowed his food and told her, "I'm 'a give you a choice. Either suck it or bend over." 

She was too scared to fight back in anyway and was very tired from everything she'd already been through, and so reluctantly got onto her knees. Before her mouth was all the way open his huge cock was shoved down her throat. With no warning and not being able to see it coming she tried to retreat, but with nowhere to go she began sucking. 

His hands gripping her hair made it impossible for her to move much. Even after he unloaded into her mouth he kept her there, with his cock still in her mouth. Suddenly the plastic window was broken open by some unseen force and a gust of powerful wind sent the two of them sprawling to the ground. Ashley took this opportunity to try to get away from the thug but didn't get too far before running into another wall. Backed into a corner the doll-sized man came at her once more, her vision was starting to return and she was beginning to see shapes. One of those shapes was about an inch away from her.

Suddenly another shape, a smaller shape, moved quickly behind the shape that was her new housemate and after hearing a loud, THWAK, the bigger shape collapsed to the ground. 

The small shape grabbed her arm and she shrieked from the unexpected contact. But then came the voice of a friend, "Ashley it's okay. It's me, it's just me." It was Thea; she had come to save her. 

Ashley's vision was getting better; she could now see everything in the room only it was all very blurry. "How did ywou get here?" She asked her still sticky friend.

"There is some weird side effect with being small. I can't quite explain it, but if we fall from a high place then for a short time we have super speed and strength." Thea explained while leading Ashley to the hole in the plastic wall she made on her trip over there. "I jumped off of the table he left me on when he left the room for something. But we have to hurry because he'll be back very soon." They were now at the doll-sized hole and the large room was almost perfectly clear to Ashley, still blurry but she could make out enough to feel confident over their escape, but the tiny room they were in inside the dollhouse was still very blurry. 

"What shouwd we dwo with him?" Ashley asked pointing in the general direction of the thug.

"Just leave him, if he escapes then I don't care, if he stays here then I also don't care." Thea heartlessly expressed. "How're your eyes? What can you see?"

Ashley took another look around the room and told Thea, "The biggwer stuth out there is okay. But the smawwer stuth up cwose is bwerry." 

"Okay," Thea replied, "Then we just need to be more careful when trying to escape." Thea leaned over the side of the hole and looked down to see how far the ground was; she turned to Ashley and warned her about the drop before pushing her out the dollhouse.

Ashley was screaming when she first started falling but then stopped when she realised that she had suddenly slowed down. She opened her eyes and looked around the room that was now seemingly moving in slow motion, she was also surprised to find that as she was falling her vision had returned completely. She saw droplets of water drip off the side of the table next to the open freezer. She saw a fly moving at the speed of a slug flying overhead, it's wings flapping slow enough to see the dust gather beneath it and be blown in all directions when the wing came down. She looked up to see the naked body of Thea as she jumped after her. Both the girls smiled at the slow world and shared a look of excitement over what was about to happen.

Ashley landed on the ground first with a soft pat. She looked around to see everything was still moving slowly. She took a step forwards to find that as the world was moving slowly she was not. She soon broke into a run for the exit when she suddenly found her vision failing and the world began to pick up speed. She had run about 11 feet towards the door when the world had come back into full speed. Shortly after Thea ran up beside her, now only being a few inches smaller than Ashley rather than the 1-foot difference, still placing the tiny woman about chest high on her. She looked around and quickly came up with a plan.

*************************

After telling Ashley the plan she began climbing the leg of the metal chair a few feet to the right, the cold steel felt good against her bare skin. Ashley made a run for the centre of the room, her large chest (well not anymore) bouncing and her perfect arse wiggling as she ran. As soon as she was stood in the middle of the room her other personality took over.

Jess looked around confused, but soon accepted the current situation with no questions. She looked down at her naked body and got an idea that truly excited her. Lying down on her back she slid a finger up her pussy and began pleasuring herself. The feeling of someone stumbling upon the tiny dark haired beauty got her even hotter and she slid a second finger into her clit.

Running along the table Thea looked down at Ashley to see her in the throngs of passion with herself. Knowing that this was the new personality Victor gave her she chose to ignore it and continued her run to the fridge. Once there she grabbed a magnet that was within reach after a little stretching and pulled herself up. The magnet didn't hold and after a few seconds it fell free from the fridge. 

Falling on her back she got back up and looked around for an alternative rout to the top. She walked to the side of the fridge and looked at the wall about a foot away to see wires leading up to the radio that was left atop the fridge.
