 Thea woke up the next morning confused to her surroundings. She was lying naked on a block of wood with only a very thin sheet covering her modesty. She grabbed the sheet and held it to her body as she stood to look around, still half asleep. 

She thought she was still in a dream as she found herself stood atop a giant dresser next to a bed where a titanic Ashley lay asleep. To stunned to move she tried to recall the events of the previous night and then remembered everything. Her old professor shrinking her to the size of a child's doll, Ashley hiding her in her bra, her falling asleep on the car ride home still tucked into her bra and hugging her giant pillow unable to move too much. "They were big before, but now I could build a house on one of those things," Thought Thea.

The giant phone, which was about the size of her in length, began to buzz and ring a really annoying and loud song. Ashley stirred in her sleep as Thea quickly moved her hands against her ears causing the thin sheet, she now saw as a square of toilet paper, to fall to her feet, revealing her tiny body. She ran to the phone that was about 2 feet away from her, but from her perspective it was more like 20 feet away. 

As she ran her breasts bounced in a frenzy and the cold air had her nipples erect. She reached the phone and hit the off button on the alarm. She looked down to see her naked body and threw her arms over herself to hide her essentials. Her left arm was across her large (well not anymore) chest as her right hand was between her legs. 

The dresser was a few inches away from the bed and was a bit of a drop onto the mattress. Thea knew that she needed to wake Ashley up so she could become normal size again as soon as possible. She mustered up as much courage as she could before breaking into another run for the bed. 

The cut on her left hand was no longer bandaged and dried blood had already covered it, but the frantic flexing of her hand from grabbing the toilet paper, to covering her ears, to shutting off the loud alarm, to covering her modestly had re-opened the wound and blood was now beginning to cover her right breast. 

She leapt off the dresser and the adrenalin of jumping off of a place so high from her point of view made time slow. She could feel the wind hitting her bare flesh, she felt every strand of hair flow behind her, every bead of sweat of fear she got from the realisation that she was still so small as the wind resistance pushed it towards her back and upwards. It was like time was getting slower and slower with every passing heartbeat allowing her to notice so much more of her surroundings. The dust particles that were flying through the air and landing on her flesh as she fell, the scent of waffles coming from the kitchen, "Must be her housemate," she thought, the feeling of the sun hitting her tiny flesh as she fell out of the shadows. It was like she was in a completely different world.

She finally landed on the mattress and barely felt a thing. Her mind snapped back into focus when she landed and she ran for Ashley. She was turned on her side facing Thea so she was able to grab onto her hair and pull herself up to Ashley's ear to be sure she was loud enough. As soon as she made it there she looked down her ear and yelled, "Ashley wake up. We need to fix this." 

Ashley awoke with a scream from the noise. Still half asleep she looked at the tiny doll hanging from her ear with confusion. She reached up and grabbed it in her right hand. She looked closer at it as the doll suddenly moved to cover its tits and clit. 

Ashley, forgetting about the previous night temporarily, screamed at the sentient doll and threw it off of her hand and towards the open window. 

Thea was back in the slowing down world after being away for only a minute or two. It was just like before, only this time much slower as she was moving much faster and towards certain death. She looked around in the slowed down world as Ashley realised what she had done and was moving her hands very slowly to her mouth in horror. 

Thea continued to look around at the blinking light of the TV on standby, the glistening glass of water next to the bed, the fly that slowly flew around the ceiling. She looked to the window and in the slowed down world saw how it was so close to her and her demise at her friend's hand. 

She looked back at Ashley who was now moving to save her friend, slowly inching her way out of the bed. Thea looked at the covers and saw every crease forming, everything folding into itself, at her friend's bare body revealing itself as she came to try to save her. But it was too late, she was already outside and Ashley was not yet out of bed. 

****************

Thea landed on the ground hard. She fell from the first floor and the drop had her heart doing backflips. But when she finally landed and left the slowed down world she didn't have a scratch on her. She landed in a pile of stones and came out unharmed. She inspected her body for any cut or bruise. Apart from her hand that was done the previous night she was not damaged at all. 

Realising that she was now naked and outside she went to cover up, but then thought about it for a second and let her arms drop to her sides. There was no one outside, and no one would think twice about a naked doll in the streets, kids lose their toys all the time. So she walked towards the road, rummaging through the jungle that was truly just an un-trimmed garden, until she was on the street. 

She let the sun touch every inch of her bare flesh, she ran, jumped, did cartwheels and several other warm up exercises while out naked in the street. She then collapsed onto her back in the middle of the path and began running a finger along the outside of her pussy. Excited over being naked outiside, while still hidden, she was too horny to ignore herself.

She continued masturbating for another minute or so until a crying Ashley ran out the front door, wearing only a towel, to look for the remains of her dead friend. Thea ran over to her friend, still burning to fulfil her public sexual desires, but the task at hand to become normal size again took priority. Ashley was on her knees, tears running down her pretty face, and her towel coming loose. She looked all around for a bloodstain or something to know where Thea ended up, but she couldn't find a thing.

"M-m-maybe," she said between sobs, "s-she was grab-b-bed by a b-b-bird." Just as she said that Thea let out a loud "Caw" from behind Ashley she turned so suddenly that her towel fell to the ground and she didn't notice. With her bare flesh now on full display to the world she grabbed the attention of the 36-year-old father of 3 from next door as he left for work. She looked over at the surprised man and still not knowing why he was staring at her she looked down to see her giant orbs in her face and then she noticed the rest of her. 

She span and grabbed her towel, trying to keep her back to the man she accidently gave him a great view of her arsehole when she bent to pick up her towel. Wrapping herself up she gave him a friendly hello before kneeling down to pick up Thea. Hiding her naked doll-sized friend she ran inside, slamming the door behind her, and then going back up to her room.

"How are you alive?" She asked.

"I have no idea. Maybe it's a side effect of being small." Thea replied.

*****************

Ashley walked into her bathroom and put the plug in the sink before turning on the hot and cold water taps. She squirted some liquid soap into the sink and waited for it to be about up to Thea's waist before shutting the water off. "How's that?" She asked her tiny friend. Thea slid down the side of the sink and landed in the water as if she were at a water park. The water was freezing which caused her nipples to become erect. "I-I think y-y-you had the c-cold tap on t-t-too high," she shivered. 

"Oh sorry," Exclaimed Ashley as she turn on the hot water tap to warm up Thea's tiny bath. Thea stood in the sink and told Ashley when it was warm enough. After Thea sat in the sink Ashley went down to the kitchen, still wearing only a towel, and opened the first aid kit she kept there. She returned to Thea with a small plaster for her hand. The plaster was about as long as her whole arm and just as wide so Ashley had to get a little creative with some scissors in order to get it to fit on her friends hand. 

Ashley then dropped her towel and turned on the showerhead and when satisfied with the temperature she jumped in. "So what's your plan?" Ashley called from behind the shower curtain. 

"You drive me to work with the cameras you brought last night and you show my boss the story of the century. If he doesn't believe you then pull me out of your pocket, or wherever you plan to put me." Thea replied while using an oversized cloth to clean between her legs. "Then we go to the police who will force Victor to put me back to normal."

"Why not the police first?" Ashley asked while washing her hair. "If I were you then I'd want to get back to normal as soon as possible." She then proceeded to grab her razor and begin shaving the stubble from her pussy.

"I thought about that, but if I'm normal sized then we have no solid proof besides a video that could easily be an amateur short film project which he would quickly dismiss as a joke. I need to show him what happened to me in person. First the story which will get me a full time job for sure, then we fix this." Thea yelled out. Being so small she needed to shout over the running water so Ashley could hear her. But alas, "Sorry I didn't get all of that," Ashley called, "Could you say it again?"

Thea sighed and stood up from her makeshift bubble bath and grabbed the chain to the plug that reached up high enough for her to grab the side of the sink. "Hang on," Thea called to Ashley as she began climbing. It was much easier than she had thought; her tiny body was so much easier to move around with.

Once atop the sink she ran to the left and leapt off the side. As she jumped through the air time seemed to slow down once more and she looked around to see the bubbles in the sink slowly pop, the steam from the shower reach the ceiling and move in all directions once it reached, the steam also moving towards the open window and out into world. She saw water drip from the thin shower curtain onto the floor and watched as it splattered on the ground. Then she hit the curtain and with reflexes she didn't know she had she was able to grab the certain before dropping an inch.

Once she had a firm grasp she climbed to the top, the water passing through the thin material making it hard to not slip and wetting her naked body as she climbed. Finally she reached the top to look down at her titan-sized friend. She saw rivers of water run down her slim and elegant body, strands of her short dark hair sticking to her face and the rest stuck to her neck and shoulders, a full ocean had gathered below and a whirlpool above the drain made Thea not want to miss her next jump. She wasn't small enough to fall down the drain, but it would have pulled her under and a foot could easily fit through and get stuck. The water looked to be about as high as her neck would be if stood up straight so she wasn't in any real danger, she just didn't want to test if she was wrong about the water level.

She had very little room to move atop the slippery metal rod that held up the shower curtain. She planted her right foot on top of it facing Ashley and then she closed her eyes and took a deep breath, which caused her to choke on all the steam that was rising and she fell. The world began to slow again and she saw that she was going to land right in the water. The currents from the pool that had gathered would take her to the drain and she would be at risk of death if it did turn out to be too much water.

As she fell she took notice of the slow movements of Ashley and realised how lucky she was at that very moment. Ashley was turning to the left meaning her breasts were now exactly where Thea was falling to. When she was just inches above them Ashley took notice of her tiny friend and moved her hands down from her hair to try and catch her. Thea saw the droplets leap from Ashley's hands, arms, and face as she moved as fast as she could to catch her. Then she landed.

It was like landing on a trampoline. The physics of it all made Thea bounce up in the aid a few inches. She landed a lot more firmly the second time, but the soapy water that was used just a minute ago to wash her tits had left them very slippers and she was clutching at skin and hugging her naked body to the giant tit for dear life. Then a hand came down and picked her up.

Thea caught her breath from her little climbing exercise and shouted up to her titanic friend, "I said, if I'm normal sized then we have no solid proof besides a video that could easily be an amateur short film project which he would quickly dismiss as a joke. I need to show him what happened to me in person. First the story which will get me a full time job for sure, then we fix this." Ashley looked at Thea trying to hold back a laugh of Thea almost killing herself to say something she could have waited 5 minutes to say. 

"Oh, okay." She finally said with a smile on her face as water streamed down it. "That's actually not a bad idea." She paused for another few seconds using her hand not holding Thea to rinse out the Shampoo that was still lathered in her hair. "But first we need to get you some clothes." She said with a smile growing back on her face, "Unless you want your editor to see you naked." 

"First stop is definitely clothes, that guy's been perving on me ever since I started." Thea called up to Ashley. The water to the shower turned off and the curtain was moved to the left. Ashley, dripping wet, stepped out of the shower and grabbed a new towel from the rack to her left. She set the also wet and naked Thea down on the toilet lid as she secured her towel. She then switched on her hairdryer and began to dry herself. 

With no way to dry herself and it being mid-autumn Thea was starting to get cold, she wrapped her arms around herself and took note of the hardened nipples. Being naked and cold in a friends bathroom had happened many times during Uni, most times it was exciting as the friend had no idea she was naked and her being Bisexual means that she almost always was like this when she wanted to surprise someone for a quickie. She was definitely considered a slut her first 2 years, but in her final year she only had about 4 or 5 partners and didn't sleep around with as many of her friends. She only really did it with friends when they were on stakeouts in her final year. But right now she wished more than she ever had that she had someway to cover up. The hairdryer switched off and Ashley turned to the wet, naked and now shivering Thea and said, "We'll have to go to a toy shop. You're about the size of a normal doll." 

Ashley then grabbed Thea and walked out of the bathroom and back to her bedroom where she turned on her desk lamp. Thea stood shivering under it and soon enough the heat from the bulb had warmed her up a little. She was no longer shivering, but she was desperate for some clothes now. She was at her limit for nudity, and embarrassment was really setting in. 

She stood and watched in complete jealousy as Ashley got dressed. First it was a black G-string shortly followed by a giant bra by normal standards, which Thea could have used for a house and guesthouse. Ashley then reached for a brown dress that cut off at her knees. The cold never really bothered her. Then she slipped on some dress shoes and walked over to the tiny naked girl on her desk cowering under a lamp like a newly hatched chic. She picked Thea up and began to make her way downstairs. 

There was a loud banging suddenly at the door and Ashley, with Thea in hand, went to answer it. Upon opening the door an oxygen mask was forced onto her face with a red gas filling the mask and going into her lungs. This gas left her unconscious in just seconds. As she fell Thea was once again in the slowed down world and saw something different about it this time. She was moving in real time. It was like she had super-speed. Realising this Thea pried herself out of her friend's hand and ran over to Victor who stood in the doorway. She grabbed onto his trouser leg and with all her strength pulled herself up. Suddenly she felt herself almost fly up the man's leg. She was climbing faster than the world record holder. Soon she was onto his shoulder and had noticed that the world was starting to gain speed again. Theorising that she only had these abilities in the slow world she, with all her newfound strength in this tiny body, punched his neck causing him to react and sprawl to the side as if a normal sized person had punched him. As he fell the world began to slow down once more giving Thea more time with her new powers.

Think he knew what was happening Victor flailed around in an attempt to hit the invisible person who had punched him into the doorframe. Then he looked to his left shoulder where he saw a tiny, naked, doll sized girl. His face grew a grin looking at the tiny Thea and he reached up to grab her. 

Like a bullet she moved away from his giant hand and ran to his ear where she screamed as loud as she could into it, this was so loud and so close that Victor was forced by habit to move his hands to his ears to block out any and all sounds that could be causing pain. 

As she saw his left hand approaching his ear she ran for it, only then noticing that the world was gaining speed again. She managed to leap off his ear and landed on his nose, the drop wasn't much so it did nothing to slow down the world. She went to jump again but was too slow. He had her.