 Just two months previously, Eric had discovered his father's secret. Now they lay together on the day bed enjoying a quiet winter afternoon. The warmth of this magical woman radiated through him. Essa sipped her glass of wine. Her grey-green eyes scanned his body and then met his stare. She held his gaze, bent forward, and kissed him. Eric felt himself failing once again under her spell.

Naked conviviality encouraged his touch. As he enjoyed the feel of her skin against his finger, he thought back over what had just happened in his life. It had taken just over a month to get the estate settled. His father had simplified his affairs by placing the names of both of his sons on the house and car titles and on his bank accounts. Paul, his brother was not interested in the house or the family possessions. He lived in Quebec and just he just wanted a cheque for his share. An electronic bank draft had taken care of any filial responsibilities.

The hardest part had been selling the Seattle condominium and moving to the small town. Urgency, had forced Eric to accept a price that was less than market value, but expediency had overcome monetary common sense. His desire to be in his father's house and especially to enjoy the secrets of doll had won out over everything else.

As a freelance writer, he could carry on his business life from almost anywhere. Eric supplemented his income with investments on the stock market. His computer account allowed him to invest from anywhere that had an Internet connection. Nevertheless, he missed the big city. He missed its excitement. Then Eric's fingers found the warmth of her inner thigh. The touch evoked the reason for all the changes in his life, Essa. Yet along with the excitement, passion, and delight she brought to his life, there was apprehension too. "Mmmm, you are so lovely," he said as the back of Eric's fingers brushed against the softness of her belly.

"I am so glad you called upon me, today," Essa purred. "It's so boring being locked away. I love being with you," she whispered softly in his ear. A gentle touch traced random patterns over his neck, chest, and abdomen. She took great joy in teasing and foreplay and the pleasure it brought to her and her partners. Even so, she never allowed gratification to overcome her primary need.

Eric was conscious of his growing excitement. He tired to still his growing desire by asking a mundane question. "How do you spend your time?" However, even as he did, Eric continued to tug and rub her pussy hair between his fingers.

"Well there is little to do really," Essa replied cautiously. "Your father always placed me so that I could look out the window. That is something, which I really enjoy especially on a sunny afternoon like today. I like watching the birds too. That is why your father placed the bird feeder by the window. I can look about the room and see what you are doing." There was a long pause, and then Essa continued in a dejected tone. "But most of the time I just wait in darkness...until ...I don't want to talk now...I just..." Her voice trailed off, her eyes closed, and her body tensed. Heat and dampness enveloped his fingers. Eric noticed the quick change in her demeanor, and decided to enjoy her sweet attentions as she seductively repositioned her body and began to kiss Eric's cheek. 

Her tongue traced minute patterns along his neck and she bit his ear. In a soft, husky, whisper she said, "I like the way you treat me Eric. I'm glad I have remained in your family." Essa's hand now began to move over Eric's navel. Her touch tantalized and aroused him. 

His lips moved, "Essa, I..." A gentle finger on his lips stopped him before he could continue. 

"Listen, my sweet, I can only speak freely for a few moments. You and your father, well, you are different from the others. You treat me as an equal, more like a friend than a servant."

Essa's statements startled Eric. For a moment, she appeared vulnerable, almost fragile. He felt her body relax. She learned forward. Her body slid slowly over his. Her warmth enveloped him. She softly rubbed his face with her hands. It was a gentle, tender moment. Eric caressed her back and softly rubbed her back and buttocks. She straddled him and Eric felt her vaginal muscles contract around his cock. His mind swam in a sea of erotic and romantic feelings. Essa's lips brushed against his. Eric found himself whispering, "Oh my God this is wonderful...I want to keep you around forever... Oh you make me feel so..." His breath quickened. "...Oh God this feels good! I want you with me always..."

Essa nuzzled into his neck. "That's risky. Truly knowing me can be very dangerous." She replied between pants. "I told your father a lot about me. There is a cruel price to be paid for knowing me... Oh...Oh...Yes...He used the com...comp..."

"Computer," Eric interjected as he thrust upwards.

"Yes...yes...yes...that and some silver disks..." Essa's voice trailed off replaced by an urgent rocking and quickened, impatient breathing. The delicious contractions that encircled Eric's cock resumed and drew him into another world. Their passion built to a crescendo. Essa screamed and shuddered while blackness enveloped Eric.

It was the sharp pain in his left leg that awoke Eric. The wooden doll was wedged under his leg. Tired and drained he lurched to his feet, grabbed the doll, and stumbled towards the combination laundry room and bathroom. He placed the doll on the chest by the door 

Eric rummaged through the drawers of his father's roll top desk. He had been through them before but now he knew what he what he was looking for. Still he had found nothing. He straightened up in the swivel chair and glanced again at the open bottom drawer. It seemed to hold only some loose-leaf paper, used file folders, and an empty binder. However, something caught his eye. From the outside, the drawer seemed deeper than it appeared on the inside. Eric removed the contents and easily found the false bottom. At the bottom of the drawer were a series of CD's.

Eric loaded the CD. While he waited for it to begin to play, he pushed the chair back from the desk and peered around the Chinese screen that separated the desk area from the rest of the room. The doll on the oak chest of drawers captured his gaze. His body tingled. Could she see what he was doing? Then Essa's voice crackled from the small speakers of the laptop. "I lived in Constanta. My father was a merchant prince. My mother had died during childbirth so each spring he sent me into the country to spend the summer with my aunt, Zincuda. She was my father's sister and a very vile woman. Oh, how I hated her. However, I liked her daughter Alyana and her son Stephan. Yes, how I liked Stephan!" she said with a giggle. 

"And did he like you?"

The sound of his father's voice startled Eric. He had not heard it since before his father's death. Eric's interest in the recording intensified and he leaned closer to the laptop, which sat on the roll top desk. Eric had chosen the disc marked "Clue to the Beginning." He turned up the volume. His father had assumed the role of interviewer. What followed was a boring dialogue that centered on life in ancient Romania and a description of the countryside. Growing impatient, Eric fast-forwarded the recording until he found a section where Essa was describing a meeting between herself and Stephan. 

As he listened, he felt increasingly like a voyeur. Essa's teasing voice could be heard along with the sound of a zipper. "Before I continue, you need to get out of these. Oh what do we have here?" There was a pause in the dialogue followed by a male moan and a female giggle. "...So you want to know all the details...does it excite you?" There was joint laughter and then she resumed her story. "There was a stone shed where they stored the grain for the animals a short distance from the family cottage and barn. It also had some stalls for the spring lambs. I enjoyed going there to get away from my aunt.

"My aunt and Alyana had taken the horse and wagon to the nearby village that day. They were taking some eggs, some freshly cured meat, and some baking into the market to barter for some of the things we needed. Each time I arrived at the farm I brought with me some silver coins, some bolts of cloth, and a case of wine. The wine and the coins never lasted long with Aunt Zincuda, especially the wine. She liked her fermented grapes. That meant that she had to regularly head into the village to maintain her wine cellar.

"This left Stephan and I alone on the farm. I really fancied him. I often caught him looking at me. Stephan was working in the fields and when I finished my household chores, I headed to the shed with my diary to write and dream. 

"The lambs had recently been put out in the pasture and fresh straw lay in their pen. I pulled a sack of grain over to the window in the pen and opened the shutters. I used the stone windowsill as my tabletop. 

"The sun was warm. I lay my head upon my arm and leisurely scribed in my dairy with my pencil. I liked to watch how the soft graphite formed the letters. The scratching sounds of my pencil and the chirping of the birds must have lulled me to sleep for the next thing I felt was a brushing against my leg and a whisper in my ear.

"In the country I wore simple clothing. That day I wore a plain red dress with lacing across the bodice. When I slept on the grain bag, my dress must have ridden up my legs. My feet and stockings were exposed and now a hand inched the hem of the dress upward to expose the bare skin above my calf length stockings. The feel of calloused fingers against my skin startled but excited me. Then I rejoiced at the soothing voice of Stephan in my ear. I remember the words to this day."

"Oh my little cousin, I think you want this as much as I do...let me teach you the joys of life." 

"His words came in hurried gasps as one of his hands continued up my legs and then began to roam freely over my belly. His body, pressing against may back and shoulders, forced me to reposition myself. I now knelt on the grain sack allowing his other hand full access to my bodice, while his lips nuzzled by neck. I was soon aflame with desire. My hands assisted his in the undoing of the lacing of my dress and my chemise. My breasts burst free.

"Stephan's hand cupped my breasts and is fingers alternately pinched my nipples while his other hand rubbed my clit through my bloomers. I felt the sensual heat and tension building within me. I thrust my hands behind me and found his throbbing member. My fingers sought out the buttons of his pants."

"I remember Stephan chiding me, "Oh you are a little hussy! You have been down this road before!' "I just laughed and rubbed his hardness while I asked him if it mattered."

My father's voice interrupted her story. "You mean you were not a virgin! This was not your first..."

"Quiet, you old hypocrite," chided Essa. "That is another story. Let me finish one before I start another." Eric could hear his father's laughter in the background as Essa continued. "...This should help keep your mind on the things at hand..." A resonant groan followed and then there were the sounds of the day bed springs. Eric could only imagine how Essa was maintaining his father's concentration.

The bed noise subsided and Essa's strong voice drowned out the rest of the background sounds. "I loosened the buttons on Stephan's trousers. Probing, I found his rampant cock and I began to stroke, just like this... Now how does that feel?" An audible male groan came from the speakers. "Oh you like that, do you?" There was another series of giggles, groans, and pants. Then Essa's voice continued the story. "After untying the string on my bloomers, his fingers found their way to my naked clit. I soon came over his fingers. 

"That seemed to stimulate him even more. He pushed me forward out over the windowsill and threw up my dress up over my back. Quickly he pulled down my drawers and let his pants fall to the floor. Then he firmly grasped my hips and began to slide his cock up and down my bum crack. Oh how delicious it felt...Oh yes, oh yes, I love to have my ass rubbed! That feels wonderful. Oh yes keep doing that!

Essa's voice and breathing quickened. "Then his cock found my slit. Oh, it was a luscious feeling, as Stephan worked it in and out. Oh, God it feels...uh...uh... that feels so good. Keep doing that! Please don't stop!"

The sounds of human passion and the squeaking daybed continued flow out of the laptop's speakers for several moments followed by only the sounds of heavy breathing. Eric found himself strangely aroused. Then Essa's panting voice broke the silence. As she continued her story, she regained her control. "I must have fainted and laid prostrate over the windowsill for the next thing I remember was the shock of cold water as it hit my face. I awoke to find my aunt yelling at me. "You strumpet... You brazen tart! You wantonly display yourself before my family!" I recoiled at her words and slid back off the sill and into the shadows of the shed. Stephan was nowhere to be found. I attempted to rearrange my wet clothes as she continued to shriek. Her words are burned into my memory. "Since you act like a shameless pig, you can live out here in the shed until your father calls for you or I find another way to be rid of you."

"I stayed in the shed for the next month. Stephan was the only one who visited me. I guess Aunt Zincuda thought I would corrupt Alyana. Little did she know Stephan was the cause of my predicament and I made him pay for that too?" she said with a chuckle.

The interview ended shortly after that. With shaking hands, Eric removed the disk and placed it back in its case. A stirring gnawed inside him. He pushed the chair back from the desk and starred again at the doll.

His thumb pressed against her anal rosebud as Eric pummeled Essa's pussy with his cock. He felt the muscles in his lower abdomen and buttocks tense. "Oh God!" he yelled.

Essa could feel her partner's excitement rising. "Wait!" screamed Essa as she pulled forcibly away from him and spun around. Her hands clapped down on the base of his cock and squeezed. The brief pain and steady pressure stemmed his desire for immediate release. "Did you not learn anything from your father's diary? I want to keep you around. I don't want to loose you like I did your father." When Eric tried to speak, Essa placed her fingers against his lips to silence him. "You can talk, but I want your tongue to speak another language." Essa lay back and drew his head down to her pussy.

Gently, Eric's fingers traced the outer lips of her pussy. She pushed encouragingly against his fingertips as he outlined her hood and teased her with his hot breath. Essa squirmed and sighed. Her wetness swallowed his fingers as his tongue explored her clit. 

Essa's strong hands pressed his head into her when she came for the first time. His tongue danced over her responsive hardness. Essa continued bucking, shaking, and emitted an almost continuous erotic scream. "You fucking bastard!" she yelled when Eric's teeth scrapped over her clit followed by the rapid titillations of his tongue. "Oh fffuuuuuck that feels good," she managed to whine as her body tensed, quivered, and then went limp.

Eric wiped is face with the back of his hand as he sat up on the bed. "Come, kneel closer beside me and watch," Essa cooed. Eric complied and stared. Her left hand stroked her breasts and played with her nipples. They grew to almond sized protrusions highlighted against her dark brown areolas. Eric bent forward and kissed each of them. Essa sighed. "Now, just look and enjoy. Let me entertain you." Essa's right hand moved to her pussy.

The site before Eric was truly erotic. Eric enjoyed what he saw. It was like a scene from a porn movie. His urgency rose as he watched Essa masturbate. She looked directly at him. A look of wanton desire spread over her face. Then there was the grimace of pleasure. 

Eric's hands found his cock and attempted to match the beat of her movements. Essa's panting increased. Her back arched and she raised her head towards him. "Give it to me; please give it to me now! I...I...I neeed it noooow..." she gasped as she held her mouth wide open. His fist became a blur and ropes of cum soon cascaded towards her mouth.

It was a sensual and tender moment; Eric and Essa lay together on the daybed. He kissed her lips and softly stroked the sides of her breasts. She in turn gently stroked is limp cock and he felt her breath against his neck. "Please be the one. I heard them say that the road out was the same as the road in. Please be the one that sets me free." It was only a softly whispered plea, but it penetrated directly to his heart. 

He found himself responding without hesitation. "I will my love," he mouthed silently as he closed his eyes, and feel into a deep sleep, "I will..."