 Prologue

Three years have passed since the memorable and fateful Ball at Laerinia's Court. For Aeriella getting pregnant was the most important part. She was not the only one though, Calindra, a young drow and newly appointed priestess of Sune, the goddess of love, had been impregnated as well. An angel named Sandalphon was the father of Aeriella's children and Vavan, a drow warrior was the father of his Calindra's children, as well as her husband. 

Twelve months later (that is the length of pregnancy for elves) both women had delivered two healthy beautiful twins; the multiple pregnancies were a blessing from Sune. Not long afterwards their sex lives returned to normal, in their case it meant "a lot".

Before the pregnancy Aeriella had had D-cup and Calindra B-cup breasts. Now they possessed respectively E and C cups, and it seemed like they were going to stay that big; that was most likely another blessing from Sune. Since they were both elves their breasts did not sag no matter their size.

The New Toy

The second birthday of the four children was as big of a party as was the first one. All the guests that were present at the Ball three years ago came this time as well. The party did not turn into an orgy though; after all it was a kinderball. The kids obviously received many presents, but were not the only ones to be gifted. After the party Aeriella got a present as well from the twin succubi - Issyria and Issaria; it was a double sided dildo.

As should be expected of the demonettes it was not an ordinary toy, but possessed few interesting features. Obviously it was magical since the succubi considered non-magical toys to be boring. 

One end of the dildo was inserted into the wearer's vagina, once it got in it inflated to as big a size as the vagina allowed and sucked onto it. The toy sucked to the clitoris as well, so it provided numerous sensations whenever the outer dildo got touched. The inner dildo would "unsuck" and return to its default size only when the wearer brought someone to ten orgasms with it; that could be one person ten times or ten different people, their sex did not matter. The number of orgasms of the wearer was irrelevant in that count, but still it was a large commitment. The outer dildo was not plain either, it was soft warm and had an adjustable size, both length and girth.

Aeriella was not the one to wait with such matters. As soon as the kids were asleep and being taken care of by Valora, the priestess of Sune, she decided to try out the toy; with Issyria and Issaria of course. They told the elf, that the toy had one more secret feature that she would learn soon enough. This information made her even more intrigued.

The inner dildo smoothly went into Aeriella's vagina and quickly expanded its size making the elf moan in surprise as well as in delight. She felt full, but astonishingly freely too, as if she and the dildo were one. 

Since the outer dildos were going into succubi's womb (or anus), Aeriella unsurprisingly chose the largest possible size; she did not even have to ask the daemonette how to do it, the control of the toy felt so natural. The elf then had a thirty centimeter long and seven thick penis protruding from her loins, it was artificial but looked astonishingly real.

Issaria was the first to assume the position on her back, with her legs spread wide and her vagina welcomingly available for the sorceress. Her penis remained flaccid so it was not a disturbance. Issyria was not going to watch the scene idly, she had a penis of her own as big as Aeriella's dildo and wanted to make use of it, not on her twin sister obviously.

The elf got between Issaria's legs and pushed the dildo into succubus' already wet hole, she did not proceed any further though and waited for Issyria to join them. The other daemonette got behind the sorceress and used a lubricating spell on her anus. She then pushed her own, huge penis into elf's tight hole which made Aeriella moan loudly. The sorceress had not had too much experience with that position, but the succubi were real mistresses in all kind of lovemaking. The trio relatively quickly found a common rhythm and soon the chamber was filled with their lustful moans, Aeriella's being the loudest.

No matter what kind of threesome it is the person in the middle always has the most fun. The sorceress had both of her holes filled and stimulated so it was not a surprise than within merely ten minutes she reached an orgasm. The elf screamed loudly in ecstasy as her vaginal muscles tried to clench around the toy that filled her womb. She slowed down the penetration, but the succubi were not going to let her go before they climaxed as well. They knew Aeriella's boundaries and stamina perfectly well and understood that she was just warming up.

Almost twice as much time was needed before Issaria reached her climax; it was a sign for her twin sister who had been holding back her own load while relentlessly pounding elf's anus.

While Issaria screamed and trembled with ecstasy, her sister shot streaks of semen into Aeriella's backdoor. Eventually the trio disengaged and decided to take a short rest before the second round. The succubi were supporters of an active rest and did not consider mere cuddling active enough.

The sorceress laid on her back and Issyria sat over her face; she might have just had an orgasm, but she was a hermaphrodite after all and her female genitals had not been attended to yet. The elf put her tongue to use in a relaxing manner since it was supposed to be a rest. In the meantime Issaria fondled Aeriella's body and even massaged her muscles to help the sorceress relax them before the second round. Issyria's semen was oozing out of elf's anus and soaking into the bedsheets.

Eventually the trio decided to get back into the action and assumed the same position as before, only this time it was Issyria who was at the bottom. They found a common rhythm almost instantly and quickly reached the desired, fast pace.

This round was basically as long as the previous one although this time it took Aeriella longer to reach climax and she orgasmed together with the succubi. They all cried unisono as their bodies rocked in orgasmic pleasure. 

The trio eventually collapsed on the bed and Issaria whispered into sorceress' ear:

- Two down, eight to go.

The elf was too tired after the whole active day to try and have sex with someone else that night. She cuddled in the messy bed with the daemonettes for a while and then they went to take a bath together. In the meantime the bed sheets got changed by the service so the sorceress returned to a clean bed and laid down to sleep with the inflated dildo still filling her womb.

Aeriella woke up fresh and reinvigorated, she was lying on her back and the quilt was tented by the huge dildo. The feeling of the toy in her vagina was different than it had been the last night. The elf removed the cover and froze in shock. It was not the dildo that had been tenting the quilt , it was an erect penis! Her own penis, made entirely of flesh, not a mere toy no matter how sophisticated. It felt as real as it looked and when touched provided sensations that were new to the sorceress. So THAT was the surprise feature the succubi had mentioned. That novelty aroused Aeriella so much that she decided to find someone to help her with her morning erection even before breakfast. The nearest person was her Mistress and Mentor Laerinia, who occupied the neighbouring bedroom.

Laerinia was no longer asleep, just like Aeriella she had already awoken only recently and was now performing her morning exercises dressed only in a pair of panties. It was impossible not to notice the change, that had occured in the elf; the drow at first opened her eyes wide in astonishment, but quickly added two and two together.

- The succubi - she stated rather than asked.

In few words Aeriella explained her gift and its features; she did not have to convince Laerinia long that they should not wait until after breakfast.

The drow lead the elf to her bed and sat on its edge while the blonde stood before her with the huge erection pointing straight into Laerinia's face. She used one palm to stroke the shaft while she fondled the testicles with the other, at the same time she gently licked the head. The drow was lead as much by lust,as by professional interest; she was an experienced sorceress after all and was now dealing with a sophisticated magical creation. Professional approach did not mean that Aeriella would not get any pleasure from the caress, Laerinia's skillful fingers, lips and tongue could work wonders even if the pleasure was merely a byproduct. Soon the elf was moaning in delight.

Aeriella was an experienced lover, but the sheer novelty of the erotic sensations was too much for her to handle, after few minutes of the fellatio she ejaculated. The first streak hit Laerinia in the tongue, but instead of taking the penis into her mouth and trying to swallow the load she pushed it down and redirected the stream onto her breasts; she also halted the stroking. Without further stimulation elf's orgasm was short and felt incomplete, but the drow had not done that out of malice, after all they were supposed to have sex and a full orgasm would lengthen Aeriella's refractory period. The climax might have been short, but the volume of the semen shot was still significant. Laerinia had swallowed the part that hit her tongue, but the rest covered her breasts with a thick layer.

- You'll have to learn to control you new toy better, Aerie.

- Sorry for the mess, Laer. It was my first time, in that aspect I'm still a virgin.

- We'll change that soon, but now clean me.

Aeriella knew well that it did not mean bringing a towel. When Laerinia laid back on the bed the elf joined her and put her face by drow's breasts. The blonde liked the taste of semen and had swallowed numerous loads in her life, but licking her own seed would be another novelty. She put her tongue to work in a leisurely pace, she wanted to clean Laerinia's breasts as much as to tease her lover; she tried to maintain the eye contact while doing so. Aeriella did not swallow everything though, from time to time she would move to the drow with few drops of semen in her mouth and give the sorceress a sloppy kiss.

When Laerinia's breasts were finally clean the elf was almost ready for another round. They laid down in a sixty-nine position with the drow being on top. The mutual oral services did not last long though; as soon as Aeriella was hard and Laerinia sufficiently wet they changed the position, the drow remained on top though. She turned around to face her lover and mounted the huge penis, it entered her slippery vagina smoothly. The drow lowered her hips fully so that the huge magical toy was inside of her womb, then she began to wiggle and turn her hips, but never raised them; she maintained eye contact with the elf the entire time. Not stopping the turning of her hips Laerinia bent forward and kissed Aeriella on the lips; it was a wet long passionate kiss. When it was eventually over the drow straightened up and finally began to ride the penis that filled her womb. Few motions in the beginning were slow, but it was not first time Laerinia was being penetrated by something of that size so pretty soon she picked up the tempo. With each move she tried to rise her hips as high as she could without letting the penis slip out and then she slammed them down impaling herself onto the thick rod. Aeriella's loudening moans were a proof that the elf was enjoying it as much as the drow.

The riding continued for a while and was far from being monotonous. Not only did Laerinia vary the tempo and force, she also played with her lover's breasts and occasionally bent forward to have another passionate kiss. But eventually came the time for a change. Having a penis was a novelty for Aeriella, but having sex on her back was not, she wanted to be the more active one too. Laerinia got on her back and spread her slender legs wide. This was the first time as a "man" for the elf, there was no need to complicate it with a more sophisticated position, the classical one was always fine anyway. Aeriella got between her lover's legs and guided her penis into the drow's vagina. She obviously had pegged other women with a strapon before, but this was so much different, so much BETTER. The elf loved the sensation and her enthusiasm fueled the passion of their lovemaking; it was full of cuddling and kissing too.

Ultimately Aeriella reached her first proper "male" climax, but not before Laerinia did. It was the drow's orgasm and the clenching of her vaginal muscles that pushed the elf over the edge. Their ecstatic cries filled the room as Aeriella's seed filled Laerinia's womb. Despite the previous incomplete ejaculation this one was rather voluminous. 

After their orgasms subsided they kissed sensually, then the elf pulled her penis out. There was one more thing to do before the breakfast; Aeriella was to have her morning aperitif and lick Laerinia's vagina clean. She loved the taste of semen and her own was as good as any other.

Both women took a quick refreshing shower, after all they had gotten a bit sweaty, then went to have the meal. Aeriella's penis had gotten flaccid during the bath, but even in that state it was hard to fit it into her skimpy panties. In order to somehow keep it under control she had to put on a pair of pantyhose, but not a crotchless ones this time; they were sheer and black. The elf also put on a little golden dress and a pair of strappy sandals on a thirteen centimetre tall stiletto heels in a matching colour. The dress was tight so the bulge at her crotch was clear to see. Laerinia wore a similar outfit only her dress and heels were silver. Both elves loved to wear clothes in colours that matched their hair.

The breakfast was a larger event with all the people living at the court present. Aeriella told them the story and the features of her gift. Everyone was extremely curious and as soon as they finished eating a presentation was unavoidable. Not that the elf would want to keep her penis hidden for much longer. She got up from the table and hiked her dress up; the penis had already gotten out of her lacy panties and was now held in place only by the sheer pantyhose. Aeriella pulled them down so that all could admire her new toy; its size was impressive even in its current flaccid state. There were obviously many volunteers to change that state, women as well as men. The elf loved gangbangs, but right then she preferred to be able to fully appreciate the potential of her penis in a more intimate atmosphere. But the day had just begun so there was enough time for everyone to have their turn. 

First to go were Calindra and Tanzerin, a married drow couple; the trio went back to Aeriella's bedroom where they quickly undressed. The elf's bed was big enough for all of them to comfortably fit. First they formed an oral triangle: Calindra was attending Aeriella's penis, the elf was using her mouth on Tanzerin's and the male drow was licking his wife. That was obviously just a warm up but the young drow was curious how a magical penis would operate and taste, to her astonishment it felt as if Aeriella had been born with male genitals; the magic was potent indeed.

Once both penises were erect and slippery with saliva came the time to change the position. It was Calindra who came up with an idea. The elf would take her in a doggy style position while Tanzerin would pound Aeriella's anus. The position was similar to the one the elf had tried with the succubi. Yet it was relatively hard for the trio to find a common rhythm in such a train, especially since one of the participants was in a role new to her. Aeriella realized how different a real penis was from a strapon. Fortunately the three lovers had had a lot of experience with each other so it should not be a serious obstacle for them. Calindra assumed the position on all fours in the middle of the bed, Aeriella got behind her and pushed her penis into drow's awaiting vagina. Then Tanzerin placed himself behind the elf and carefully inserted his member into her anus. His penis was not nearly as big as Aeriella's but stlll decently sized and able to satisfy every woman. 

First motions of the trio were probationary; the elf being in the middle was the most responsible so to say, but also the least experience in that particular role. But slowly they learnt each other's limits and the pace. The penises slipped out on several occassions and sometimes even someone erupted with laughter, but neither of that made the overall arousal diminish.

Eventually the three lovers found a common rhythm; moans, grunts and slapping of their bodies against one another filled the room. It was only then that Aeriella realized how good Calindra's idea had been. The elf might have been in the middle of a threesome before, but never in such a role. The sensations caused by the stimulation of her penis were magnified by the penetration of her anus; soon her moans and cries were louder than those of the two drow combined.

The trio had put too much effort into getting the train going to change the position midway; they were doing it till the end. Aeriella had experienced an orgasm not so long ago, so she needed a bit more time to climax again. Tanzerin was a drow and while he might have been living on the surface for a while now, he was still a male representant of his race and would never dare to orgasm before his mistress, so he held back. Calindra was the first to issue a long but quiet ecstatic cry; she wrapped her palms around the bed clothes as her vagina clenched in pleasure. That was the sign for Tanzerin and he ejaculated his load into the elf's anus as he kept pounding it. The additional pressure on Aeriella's penis and the realization of being filled with semen were enough to push the elf over the edge. She erupted into Calindra's womb with a loud cry as the trio kept humping in a more hectic rhythm.

Eventually they stopped; Tanzerin was the first to withdraw, he went to the front and kissed his wife passionately on the lips, then he did that to the elf. Aeriella's load might not have been as voluminous as previously, but that was not a reason not to clean Calindra's vagina. As the married drow kissed and caressed, the elf worked her tongue. Tanzerin's semen was oozing out of her anus going down her legs and soaking into the bed sheets. When she finished she joined the drow in cuddling.

That was not the end of lovemaking though; there was still one person who had not been penetrated yet. Tanzerin was not the biggest enthusiast of pegging, but even the most liberated male drow could not say "no" to his wife, so he learnt to enjoy it over time.

Another quick oral session (in a reverse order) made everyone ready for the second round. Tanzerin laid on his back and raised his hips so that Aeriella could put a pillow beneath them and thus have a better access to his anus. Calindra sat on his face as the elf gently pushed her huge penis into his back door.

Aeriella went slowly at first, but she soon realized that Tanzerin's anus was accustomed to penetrations even by such large objects as her penis. She quickly picked up the tempo, her shoves were deep and moderately forceful. Calindra enjoyed the cunnilingus performed by her husband, she returned the favor only occasionally just to keep Tanzerin's penis erect. She also played with his nipples and that activity happened more often.

Sometimes the elf would slow down the penetration and lean forward so that the two women could kiss. That was usually followed by mutual caress and fondling of their breasts.

The trio was clearly not in a rush, the second round went at a much more leisurely pace. It was once again Calindra who reached her orgasm first thanks to he superb skill of her husband's tongue. She clenched her thighs around Tanzerin's head and issued another soft but passionate cry; the male drow kept licking the entire time.
