 Note: So here's something actually new I finally wrote. First of several parts set in a fantasy setting inside the Sim. This story involves very intense, physically impossible anal with an orc and has elements of Free Use. 

I think I actually structured the dialogue properly this time though tense is still fucked. The constant changes annoy me too now that they've been pointed out, just not enough to make me go through and fix it all. It's a bad habit I've got because I write in fits and bursts while jerkin' it, makes it hard to think. 

***** 

"Hey Simone," I said smiling already. 

"Hello again James, back again are we." 

"I'd live in here if I could." 

"I hear that a lot. So what kind of fantasy did you cook up this time?" 

"Just that, a fantasy setting. You know the type, orcs, elves and demons, that sort of thing." 

"With a lot of the usual fare I suppose." 

"That goes without saying," I said grinning. 

"I've got more than enough preference data on you to whip up something good. I think you'll really like this one." 

"I always do. Just plug me in whenever." 

"Compiling now James." 

~ 

After blinking away the usual disorientation, I found myself standing in a busy street of an odd looking city. I expected something medieval or feudal, something with a historic basis I guess. But the city Simone had plopped me in was practically high fantasy with pulsing lights orbiting towering spires, floating structures, garishly colored strange architecture and hectic winged air traffic dominating the scene. 

The people by comparison were only marginally less interesting. Most could pass for human from a distance, but some ranged in hue from bubblegum pink to midnight black and everything in between. And beyond the skin color, there were differences once you got closer like lengthy pointed ears, horns, tails, fur or scales in place of skin among the multitude of differences. 

It was all cool enough to almost make me forget why I was here in the first place and just do some dungeon crawling and looting instead. 

The thing that changed my mind back was seeing what looked like a Druchii woman striding through the crowd. I wasn't sure if she acted like the Dark Elves I was familiar with in Warhammer but she certainly looked the part. She wore an outfit that was little more than a variety of dark, wickedly curved plates that framed her hips and spiraled around her breasts, only barely covering them. The equally dark cloth that hung from the middle of the hip plate made me think there wasn't anything else underneath. Her deathly pale skin and pitch black wild hair complimented the various piercings she had along her midriff and thighs appealingly, it gave her a dangerous but alluring air. All of it made me willing to risk seeing if she really like the Dark Elves I knew, it's not like I could really be hurt here after all. 

As I approached her, she locked eyes with me for a moment before brushing them over me. I got a distinctly predatory feeling from her gaze that only reinforced what I thought I knew of Dark Elves. Done examining me she looked back up into my eyes and I could tell she knew exactly what was on my mind. The Druchii woman stalked towards me with inhuman grace and quietly pressed something into my hand. 

"Come find me. I'll be in at night," she said with an achingly erotic voice before turning back around and disappearing back into the crowd. 

Looking down at my hand I found a baroque coin covered in intricate detailing that made it patently clear what it was advertising. Framing it in highly stylized Gothic script was the single word Vixens. Well that settles it. I'm heading to a brothel. 

~ 

It took a fair bit of wandering, some pointed questions to the right looking shady types and enduring their subsequent jeers before I found myself standing outside the imposing but nondescript building depicted on the coin. The place was actually pretty hidden, being tucked away in a maze of streets. 

I headed to the entrance where I'd just seen someone else enter, but I couldn't find any door when I got to the front; just flat, smooth wood. It took a moment of searching before I spotted the one thing that broke the perfect veneer, a small slot. Eyeing the coin the Druchii woman gave me, I raised it up and inserted it. It fit perfectly and a satisfying mechanical sound echoed out. A moment later a peephole I never noticed slid open to reveal four vividly green eyes staring at me intently. A second after that a door seamlessly opened up and the hulking multi-eyed and armed bouncer ushered me in. 

Maybe it was because I hesitated a moment, but when I didn't immediately continue down the lushly carpeted corridor the bouncer asked "First time?" with a disconcertingly wide smile with too many teeth. 

"Yeah," I said slowly. 

"You'll like it." The grin spread wider than I thought possible. 

The door at the end of the corridor was completely unlike the invisible one on the outside. This one was ostentatious in the extreme. Twice my height, the double door was leather bound and bright red with a relief depicting a multitude of species posed in anatomically challenging positions framing it all. Now this was more what I was expecting. I gripped both handles and pushed in. 

A wave of charming sounds broke the silence of the corridor and I was treated to the most vibrantly curious tableau. The place stretched upwards for floor after floor, higher than I remembered the building being, so high the people on the balconies at the top were little more than small figures. The spiraling staircase that that connected the floors continually swam out of focus and I could never get a clear look at it. More than once I could swear people that had just turned behind the central column would appear several stories or more up. The place wasn't lit by torches or lightbulbs, but these floating motes of light that seemed to always position themselves to light everything from the best angle. 

Hostesses slithered, skittered and swam throughout the establishment, serving patrons with erotic flair. The multitude of species on display was enough to burgeon the senses with their sheer variety. 

While taking in the sights, I hardly noticed a woman step up to me until she was practically by my side. It was the smell that drew my attention toward her, she smelt like cut grass and a herb cabinet. Looking at her finally, it says a lot that her light green skin and hair wasn't what immediately caught my attention. Instead it was the plantlike growths that covered her body in lieu of the skimpy uniforms the other hostesses wore. It was rather similar to them though, just instead of fabrics, they were heavy leaves that covered her breasts or a veneer of moss that passed as stockings. I tried not to stare too obviously though and focus on her face. 

The woman seemed to catch the effort. "Never seen a sprite before have you? Well, it's okay to look honey." 

I quickly settled on the story I would use. "Uhm, yeah. First time seeing most of this actually... I'm from, really far away. My humans were the only other people I'd ever known. So, this," I said gesturing to everything "is all pretty wild and new to me." 

The woman gave me a playful frown. "You've spent your whole life with only other humans? Oh honey. I hope you don't take it the wrong way, but that must've been so dull," she said. "Well now that you're here at Vixens, you can finally," she paused to hush the word for dramatic effect "sample everything else the world has to offer. I was going to ask if you were here for food, drink, entertainment or intimacy, but I think I know the answer. Follow me young man." 

It's not that I wasn't young, but the phrase felt wrong coming from someone that probably wasn't that much older than me. While following her to the staircase I said "You know, I'm not that young, we're probably not too far apart." 

The sprite woman stopped to throw back her head and laugh brightly. She put her hand on my shoulder and asked "Oh baby, how old do you think I am?" 

"Uhm, 20 something?" 

More of that warm laughter tumbled from her. "Honey, you really are clueless. I'm well into my 7th century." 

My reaction was pretty uncomfortably immediate. She flicked her eyes down, noticing the hitch in my breath. Tilting her head to the side she said "You know, that's not the typical reaction men get when a woman tells them she's 700 years old." 

What can I say, I had a bit of a spot for mature women. But a mature woman with a body like that? Well that was just the best of both worlds. "Are you just a hostess?" I asked bluntly. 

She smiled slyly. "Unfortunately yes today. If you want more than a drink from me, you'll have to come back in a couple days when I'm on. Don't fret though honey, I'm sure one of the other girls will keep you busy until then. Come on." 

Turning back to the stairs she led me on. Curious to see how it worked, I tried to pay attention closely, but it didn't matter. One moment I was a few steps above ground level with the music still loudly playing around me, and the next I was half a dozen stories up and in a much quieter section of Vixens. 

There were various women of all different species in this section of the place, lounging around in exotic outfits that could barely be considered clothing and chatting with one another. The only man here at all was standing behind the counter at the center of the room. Spotting him, the sprite I was with had a sour expression briefly cross her face. She said over her shoulder "I'm sorry about him, but it he's a necessary evil I'm afraid." 

"How bad could he be?" 

She gave me a sorry look. 

Before I could reply, he spotted us and broke the relative silence with a barking voice. "Ah Sem!" Sem seemed to wince at that. "Brought us another fine gentleman have you? Good good. Come here my good man come here," he said boisterously waving me over. "I, am Balthazar Ebbins, souteneur of these fille de joie." 

"What?" I said. 

"I am the owner of this fine establishment and these are my girls. 

Ignoring him, Sem stated acerbically, "Semith. It's Semith, Balthazar." She turned to me. "He is one of the owners and we are not his girls." 

"Yes, yes," he said, with every affectation indicating he didn't hear her. The man-though I wasn't sure if he was a man. He had a human-like face but with an uncanny, stretched quality and his body was swathed beneath too many heavy layers of cloths and silks to make out anything else-Balthazar strode forward and coiled one arm around my shoulder and led me toward his reception desk, waving Semith off as he did. I spared one last glance at her over my shoulder to see her giving me an I-told-you-so smile before leaving. 

"You look like a fine, virile lad, I'll bet you'll need a half score women to keep you satisfied!" He said. 

The transparency was borderline offensive and his unctuous tone immediately grated on me in the wrong way. I humored him with a chuckle though. "Thank you but I think one will be enough. Though, I'm new to... everything, really. So I don't know what I want just yet." 

He nodded, the mannerism somehow coming off as rodent-like. "I see, I see, well why don't we browse the goods, I'm sure we can find something to suit your tastes," he said leading me towards the largest group of working girls. 

"Does anything catch your eye good sir?" 

The women he'd brought me to were ubiquitously and truly beautiful in one way or another, but they were for the most part conventional humans. 

"They're all gorgeous obviously, but I was hoping for something a little more, interesting." 

"Ah, I see I see." 

Balthazar led me through groups of women, deeper into the floor. Slowly but surely the curiosities grew. White, beige and black skin gave way to other hues and textures. Two arms two legs stopped being the rule and started being a lightly adhered to guideline. 

Eventually, what caught my eye was what looked like a typical fantasy orc. The first thing to stand out to me was how tall she was. Orcs were typically described as large and the same was apparently true for their women here. I learned later that apparently she was only average for her species but was still around 6'5 and towered over me by a fair bit. She ticked a lot of the stereotypical boxes; green skin, heavily muscled, small tusks jutting from the lower jaw and having less of the delicate features you'd find on women from other races. I'm not saying she looked like a man, just nothing like the type of woman you'd see on fashion runways. She was dressed like the other wenchs, so barely dressed at all. Though unlike the fine fabrics and exotic versions of lingerie the other women had, the orc's clothing was plain linen and unimaginative. Yet all the same, she had her own kind of appeal I could appreciate. 

Balthazar must've seen me eyeing up the orc. "Ah! You want the orc? Maybe after a few of their raids you want some revenge yes?" 

I snapped my head to round on him. "What? No, I just... Iunno, but it's not that." 

He nodded in his bobbing, rodent-like manner and called the orc over. "Mordridd! Come say hello to this man." 

Mordridd approached solidly, without any of Semith's grace, without applying any of her trade, without really any attempt to allure at all actually. 

"Human," she said coolly, simply nodding at me once. Her voice was surprisingly nice if a bit raspy. 

The brotherkeeper elbowed her despite the distance between the two. "Mordridd here's a new arrival too. Fresh from the Orclands, 18 seasons old to boot. She may be a little light on manners, but don't mind that though, she good where it counts! What do you say?" 

Some men might have thought twice about the greenskin but she was strangely appealing and I figured Simone would make it interesting. The fact she was 18 didn't hurt either, though I never would have guessed it by looking. 

"Hi, I'm James," I said extending a hand toward Mordridd. "Are you free?" 

"Yes," she replied bluntly. 

"Then in that case, do you have a room for us Balt?" 

"Yes, of course, right this way. We have a breathtaking suite you'll just love available," he said with an oily smile. He grabbed my shoulder again and turned me around. Instead of walking back though I was instantly right in front of the front desk. I tried to take it in stride but couldn't help but swivel my head back and forth trying to figure out what happened. I couldn't, but I did manage to look stupid. 

Balthazar reached over the countertop to grab something below but I didn't think he could possibly reach anything from the wrong side of the desk. His arm accommodated that though. Instead of leaning over to reach whatever it was, more and more arm simply slithered out from beneath his heavy clothing. 

"Ah, here it is," he said, his arm already retracting back repulsively. In his hands was an ornate looking bronze key. "Just take the stairs up and use that on the first door you see, it'll take you right where you want to be." 

Right as I was about to take the key from Balthazar, Mordridd spoke up to interrupt. 

"Human, do you know how expensive that will be?" 

Balthazar waved her off. "What's a little money for if not to be spent and enjoyed." 

"Wait, how much is it then?" I asked Balthazar, now curious. 

"Bah, a small price for a great deal of pleasure. The private room and the virgin fee will set you back a mere 800 crowns. A worthwhile deal for time spent with a newly arrived orc youth in our finest and most luxurious room." 

"Wait, virgin?" I asked, the word catching my attention first and foremost. 

Mordridd answered before Balthazar could. "How many times have I told you this Balthazar, I am no virgin." 

"You are, technically, and that's what counts, it's all in the fine print," he hissed, literally. 

Technical or not, the fact she'd only taken cock in the ass excited me. 

Mordridd just shook her head. "Human, for 800 crowns you could have a night with two elves. An hour with me will cost you less than a tenth that. People don't pay for an orc only to take them up to the upper suites. Use the common room, it's only 40." 

"What's the common room?" 

Balthazar answered churlishly. "Ah, it's where all the riff raff go. Go there if you'd like but if you know how to treat a woman right, you'll take Mordridd to the upper suites." Then addressing her he added "Come now Mordridd, wouldn't you like to see the upper suites for once?" 

She grunted ambiguously in reply. "Do what you like human, but you've had my advice." 

The attempt was every bit as transparent as the last time, but it had a bit more bite now with Mordridd standing right next to me. I tried to gauge her reaction but her face stayed impassive. I eventually decided to just go with Mordridd's suggestion. It didn't feel as bad cheaping out when she was the one suggesting it after all. 

Balthazar gave us a disturbingly waxy approximation of a crestfallen expression after I paid and handed me a much more mundane key. 

Mordridd and I left to take the stairs up. I tried to make conversation but Mordridd wasn't the most loquacious type and kept her responses as monosyllabic as possible. I didn't know why she made the effort to speak up to save me all that money but wouldn't talk to me now. Still, I appreciated the effort and kept up the one sided conversation. 

Taking the stairs up the spatial anomaly, I used the key on an ordinary door and walked in on a rowdy scene. Unlike the lower levels, this place was a cacophonous orgy, literally. Men, women and beings of indeterminate gender were fucking on top, under and against practically every surface and space in the place as tavern girls plied the patrons with drinks. 

I spotted another human-orc pair in a nearby corner booth. The man was enjoying his drink while his orc was lying on her side, her head was buried in his lap and very committedly blowing him. I decided to use the vacant space next to them. 

As soon as we got settled in Mordridd asked "So human, how would you like me?" 

My cock sprung to life at the blunt question and incipient implication. "Well Mordridd, do you uh, offer anal? I have a bit of thing for it." 

Mordridd arched one eye up. The man with his own orc next to me must have overheard me because he started laughing boisterously. "Boy! Did you just ask an orc if she offers anal? By Ulric's teeth where did you come from?" 

"Uh, my village was pretty isolated." 

"I'll bet. Look here boy," he slurred, clearly drunk. He slapped his orc's ass hard and said, "Go on Kaid, show the boy what you can do." 

The orc grunted but didn't move away from his cock. Instead she just flipped the loincloth covering her back to the side. I was only mildly surprised to see the handle of what was probably a buttplug still inside her. I expected something decently large from what the guy was implying but what I got was altogether something else. 

Kaid pulled on the handle and the most monstrous toy slithered out from inside her. As the fat inches continued sliding out, I grew increasingly shocked at the sheer length of the thing. And it wasn't just long either. It was as thick around as a drink can and covered with pointed nubs that curved inwards. I couldn't believe she could pull something like that out of herself so calmly. By the time the whole toy out, I was staring at something 15 or so inches long. I turned to look at Mordridd with new longing. She didn't seem impressed at all by the display of the other orc girl. 

The man nodded in satisfaction. "Back in now girl." 

The other greenskin obeyed and easily forced the monstrous toy back inside her without even breaking the rhythm of her blowjob. The guy laughed loudly again. "They're all like that! All of them! By the Gods I love orcs." 
