 Eric roamed from room to room through the empty house. This was more difficult than he thought. His footsteps rang hollow as he walked across the worn linoleum of the kitchen. The essence of his father remained in every room even a month after his death. Eric turned the handle on the backroom door. Surprisingly the door was locked. Startled he looked about for the key.

After about 15 minutes of searching, he found the key, along with several others hanging on the back of the pantry door. "Why had his father kept the door to his mother's sewing room locked?" Eric wondered to himself as he pushed open the door. The hinges complained with an audible squeak.

Eric had not been in the room since his mother's death nearly 10 tears before. It was no longer a sewing room. It was now a den. A rust colored area rug was in the centre of the room. Three of the walls were pale beige. Along deep maroon colored accent wall was a day bed, covered with a multi-colored spread and numerous satin cushions. There was a dark brown leather reclining chair, reading table and shaded tri-light by the window. Hidden behind a richly colored Chinese screen in the far corner was a roll top desk and chair. The room had a masculine but romantic feel about it. Eric was surprised. His father had never been much of a decorator. 

The door, which led to the adjacent laundry room, beckoned. Eric walked past a large oak chest of drawers and entered a completely renovated room. New efficient, stacking, front-loading machines replaced the old washer and dryer. A large tiled shower stood where the laundry tubs had been. The storage cabinets were gone and in their place now stood a vanity and toilet. Eric was surprised. His father had never mentioned the renovations.

Eric's confusion heightened when he examined the chest of drawers. On top of the chest, in front of the mirror, were a sterling silver brush and comb set, some perfume bottles, a box of wet wipes, and a doll like statue. The items looked strangely out of place in the room. As he examined the brush set, his hand touched against the clothing of the doll. He started. The hairs on the back of his neck bristled. He thought he heard a woman's sigh. Quickly he turned around. There was no one there. 

Confused Eric returned to the desk. Sitting before it he found it locked. Intrigued, Eric anxiously retrieved the keys from his pocket. "God, Dad, why all the secrecy. Mum's been dead for ten years." He mumbled as he fumbled with the lock. "Who would be looking in here other than you? What possible secrets could you be hiding?" The third key he tried opened the lock.

The roll top screeched as Eric pushed it up. On the surface of the desk was an older laptop. The cord of its battery charger ran through a ragged hole in the back of the desk to a wall plug. Eric laughed when he turned on the laptop. It was password protected. "Dad, you secretive old..." Eric didn't finish his sentence. An aged family picture, taped to the side of the desk caught his eye. Eric began to type. He found his name was the password.

There was only one file folder on the laptop, but it had over 300 entries. As he scrolled through the entries, Eric thought he heard a female whisper. Startled, he turned. There was no one there. "God, this is creepy," he said to himself as he opened the last entry.

It was dated the day before his father's death. The simple entry read, "It was magnificent... Just three more to go...I will try again tomorrow...My God she wears me out...I'm so tired!" Troubled at what he read, Eric opened a random file in the centre of the list only to find a lewd description of fucking. Eric could not believe what he was reading. His father had been a devote Baptist and a schoolteacher. How could he have written this?

Eric shook his head in disbelief and looked about the room for answers. He gathered himself up, and walked to the chest of drawers. The top drawer moaned as it opened to reveal a vibrator, some sex toys, and massage oils. To his continued astonishment, the other drawers contained women's lingerie and what appeared to be doll's clothes.

As he closed the final drawer, the statue captured his gaze. It was a unique combination of doll and figurine and stood about 18 inches tall. He picked it up. The doll was made of a heavy brown material that Eric did not recognize. Soft, smooth, sensuous, he could not resist touching. His fingers passed up the doll's legs and under the short blue silk robe.

Sitting in the recliner, with the doll resting in his lap, Eric tried to make sense of his reactions. He was aroused. Warmth seemed to radiate from the doll into his thighs. He again touched the natural-like raven hair of the doll and gently stroked the perfectly depicted cheeks. As his fingers brushed against the doll's lips, Eric felt a tingle and thought he heard a gasp when he touched the doll's throat.

A sash secured the doll's blue robe. Eric undressed the figure to reveal an exquisitely detailed, naked female form. A careful and voyeuristic examination of the doll ensued. The arms and legs contained no visible joints but moved in an amazing human-like fashion. His eyes stared at the delicate and almost life-like pubic hair, which outlined a wonderfully shaped pussy. The tension in his groin grew. His fingers stirred involuntarily to caress the well-formed breasts and pert nipples. "Ahh...uhhh..." Eric heard the sigh again and thought he saw the grey-green eyes of the doll blink. His own eyes felt heavy and his breathing quickened. Was he dreaming?

"Eric! Hello Eric, hey you sleepy head wake up!" Eric stirred in the chair. He felt hot and feverish. The room seemed blurry. "That's it, open your eyes. I've been waiting for you to come. I feel that I already know you. Your father told me a great deal about you." The words came from a sexy woman sitting on the arm of the recliner. 

"...Whom...what...what the hell is going on?" A startled and bewildered Eric was having difficulty understanding what was happening. "Where did you come from? How did you get in?"

"You mean your father never told you about me? He kept his word?" The young woman was genuinely flabbergasted. She smiled and bent forward. She kissed his forehead and in the process exposed her cleavage to his view. "He was a nice and gentle man. He treated me very well and I liked him." Her soft voice contained a hint of an accent.

"Oh God, oh God I don't believe this..." was all that Eric could say. " But what a great dream," he whispered. 

"It's no dream. Let me explain," she said as she began to caress the side of his face with one hand and sensually rub his chest with the other. Over the next twenty minutes, between sessions of deep kissing and petting, an intense conversation took place between the two. She told him that her name was Qendressa and that she was a Romanian princess. She explained that an ancient Faeri fertility celebration had captured her body and spirit in the form of a sandalwood doll. For over 200 hundred years, she had been seeking release from her imprisonment. Qendressa explained to Eric that his father had come closest, of any of the men and women who had possessed the doll, to setting her free.

As Qendressa told her story, Eric found that his hands were exploring her body. His left hand gently stroked her knee while his right hand stroked the small of her back. The skin above her knee felt soft, smooth, and inviting. The silky material of her robe emphasized her erotic body shape. The robe gaped as she bent forward and softly kissed his forehead. The touch of her lips was soothing and sensual. Her perfume enveloped him. Eric felt a stirring in his groin. The gape of her robe revealed an ample cleavage. Eric reached up and brushed the sides of her breasts. "Oh Quess..." embarrassed, Eric's hands and voice stopped mid sentence.

Qendressa softly laughed. "Your father had difficulty with my name too. He just called me Essa. You can do that too if you like," she said in an earthy tone as her lips traced down the bridge of his nose and found his mouth. The kiss electrified Eric. Their tongues intertwined. Eric's hands once again began to explore the curve of Essa's breasts. She broke the kiss and moaned. Her fingers found the upper buttons of his pale yellow, sleeveless shirt. Where her fingers touched his bare chest, passion burned.


Essa slipped off the arm of he recliner and walked towards the day bed. Eric admired her shapely body as she bent over the bed, tugged at the cushions, and tossed them on the floor. Standing with her back to him, she provocatively slipped the robe from her body. Eric let out an audible gasp. She was magnificent. She was perfect. Eric's hand involuntarily moved to his crotch. "Oh my God, you are so beautiful," was all he could say.

Essa slowly turned to face Eric and then sat on the edge of the bed. Her long legs were crossed and she sat at an angle that emphasized the curve of her buttocks and the firm shape her magnificent thighs. Her breasts rose and fell to the steady beat of her breathing. The dark, almond sized nipples protruded erotically. Her olive colored skin and dark hair emphasized her piercing grey-green eyes. She didn't say a word. Essa just raised her hand and beckoned Eric with a wave of her fingers.

Her fingers were tantalizing. They generated exquisite feelings. Eric's breathing now came in short pants. Her nails raked the sides of his cock and pushed his foreskin back. The moist heat of her mouth, as it enveloped his glans, literally sucked the breath out of him. Then her tongue tickled and probed his urethra and her fingers roughly grabbed his ball sacks, he could not hold back no longer. He exploded in a long series of spasms. His hot cum shot into her mouth and Essa gasped excitedly, "That's it baby give it all to me." His cock disappeared into her mouth again and she sucked. It was a delicious feeling. Her tongue teased. Eric quivered and his knees sagged as he gave u the last of his essence. She looked up at him and their eyes met. His shrinking dick slipped from her mouth. Eric heard her give a gurgling laugh and then the words. "You didn't last long, nobody ever does with me, but that gives you something to improve." She started to push him back and added "Your father got pretty good, though."


The stabbing, sarcastic expressions wounded Eric. Anger and passion rose up in his chest. It overcame the weakness he felt in his legs. He shoved the girl back on the bed. He reached down and grabbed her ankles. Pushing her legs back, Eric briefly glimpsed a tattoo on the base of her left foot. However, the view of her exposed pink slit soon became his only focus. Eric's hands slide down her legs as he quickly knelt on the floor and forcefully buried his face in her pussy. The erotic aroma of musk and sandalwood filled his being. Her soft, curly pubic hair brushed against his nose as his tongue found her clit. Eric snaked it quickly across the protruding nub and then sucked hard. Essa moaned and her thighs squeezed vigorously against his ears. The strength the grip frightened Eric. However, he pushed forward. His teeth rasped her clit. He drew it into his mouth and then he sucked harder. His tongue danced on the sensitive end. Essa squirmed. "Oh fuck, yes. Yes that's it!" She screamed, and then her body writhed. "Om cumsecade... Om cumsecade..." Her words faded into blackness.

Eric awoke to find himself naked on the floor in the middle of the room. His head ached and his jaw was sore. For a moment, he wondered what had happened. Then the dream-like sequence replayed in his mind as he looked up to the chest of drawers and saw the sandalwood statue.

Dressed only in his underwear, Eric sat at the kitchen table staring at the laptop screen. His stomach growled and his hands shook. The results not only of the coffee; he was on his second pot, but to what he had read. Over 150 of his father's entries had flicked across the laptop's screen. Eric had hastily scribbled a series of notes onto a foolscap pad he scavenged from the roll top desk. A picture of what has just happened to him and what had happened to his father was beginning to form. It was a tale of eroticism and emasculation. His father had not died from congestive heart failure; his life literally had been sucked from of him.

His father's entries revealed some interesting facts. The Faeri culture was richer than any imaginary tale. It was a world to enter with extreme caution. For what faeries resent the most are curious humans blundering about their private domains like so many ill-mannered tourists. Essa disliked questions. When pressed for answers she had a cruel tongue and sharp nails. In spite of this, his father had discovered that the Faeri spells that bound Essa placed a strong emphasis on sensual awareness and spirituality. They manifest themselves through sexual experiences.

Nevertheless, his father's greatest revelation related to the number 333 tattooed on the bottom of Essa's left foot. In mystic culture, the number was associated with truth and love. In Essa's case, she could only be set free from her spell after experiencing 333 lovers or after making love with the same person 333 times. However, there were special conditions. With each new lover, she aged 3 years. On the other hand, if she could find a dedicated lover, he or she would lose one month of life each time they made love. It was a unique quandary; age yourself or age your lover.

Eric looked intently at his calculations, which he had scribbled on the notepad in front of him. The number 27 stared backed at him. His stomach churned and knotted. His hands shook. His bladder strained. With a determined movement, Eric stood and walked towards the back room. 

Still damp from the shower, Eric stood naked before the chest of drawers and reached for the doll. As he walked toward the day bed, his hands slipped up under the satin robe and began to stroke the doll's buttocks. By the time he was kneeling on the bed with the doll, throaty gasps whirled about the room. Eric roughly pushed the doll into the disheveled bedding, ripped open the robe, and roughly began to stroke the doll's upper thighs and belly. The scent of sandalwood surrounded him. He became slightly dizzy and blackness enveloped him. 

"I need you. I need you now..." the words penetrated the darkness of the sandalwood mist. Eric found his head resting on Essa's warm breast, her hands pulling at his head. Eric lifted his head slightly. His lips found, caressed, and sucked the hard almond-sized nipple. Her hands gripped the back of his head and directed his movements. Essa squirmed and writhed beneath him. 

Eric's fingers roamed through Essa's soft pubic hair and pushed against her pubic bone. Her pelvis arched upward. His index finger pressed against her clit. Essa gasped and opened her legs to his explorations. Her pussylips were dry to his touch. The skin of her labia pulled against the tips of his fingers as he moved them slowly back and forth. Eric could feel her excitement building and he increased his pace. Essa began to undulate her hips to the rhythm of his fingers. When he finally probed her slit, he found her deliciously wet and his fingers slipped easily inside.

Her pussy consumed Eric's entire mind and body. All he could feel was her heat, her muscular contractions, and the intense sensations from his fingertips, as they played across the thick ribs at the front of her vagina. The fingers of his other hand now found her clit and massaged in counter point to his buried fingers. Essa bucked and writhed. She screamed, "I need your cock! I need your cock inside melee..." The words vanished in a guttural gasp. Her body thrashed and shook.

Eric moved his body slightly. While he remained kneeling beside her, he could now kiss her breasts. He bent forward and enjoyed again the taste and feel of one of her hard nipples between his lips. He cupped her right breast directing it towards his mouth. Eric sucked long and hard. The nipple protruded even more. His teeth rasped against its sides and Essa moaned.

Her breath was coming in short pants as another wave of orgasm swept over her. "I need your cock. I need your cock inside me," Essa pleaded between breaths. She reached out for his dick. Her strong fingers surrounded it. She tugged hard while at the same time drawing him towards her mouth. His excitement grew. His body stiffened as he turned. Eric felt Essa's hot breath as her mouth approached his cock. His hands joined hers and rapidly stroked the end of his cock. Tension built in his stomach and thighs. Then he exploded sending ropes of cum towards her open mouth.

Eric awoke a short time latter to find the partially disrobed doll, lying on the bed next to him. Stains covered the doll and its satin outfit. Slowly he arose, picked up the doll, and carried it to the chest of drawers. There he cleaned the doll with one of the wipes, dressed her in a clean attire, and set her down by the brush set. Eric then picked up the soiled doll robe and walked towards the laundry room. He was already thinking about the next time. 

NOTE: This story naturally flows into additional chapters. If you liked the story and would like to read more about Essa and Eric, please contact me. 

Thank you, 

Odlum