 This is the last in the Blue Robe series. Although this segment stands on its own, I encourage you to read the other chapters to put everything in context. I hope you enjoy...

Eric finished lighting the last of the candles. He had left the curtains open and he could see the moon rising above the mountains on the far horizon. Eric stood naked and trembling before the oak chest. The doll, which stood on top of the chest surrounded by pictures of his father and the rest of his family, captured his gaze. When his fingers touched the wooden doll, they tingled. Excitement and anxiety filled him. 

Eric had been preparing for this moment for the past seven weeks. He nervously carried the doll, cradled in the palms of his hands, to the daybed, and gently laid it on the pillows. Eric was careful that he touch on the doll's robe and no the wood. He took a deep breath to steady himself. He was prepared. Everything was in place. The sun was waning. It was time. Eric glanced back around the room then knelt beside the bed and gently began to stroke the doll's legs. The room swirled before his eyes and blackness enveloped him. 

Eric shook the dizziness from his head and marveled, as he always did, at the transformation that had taken place. Before his eyes, instead of the doll lying before him on the pillow, there lay a beautiful olive skinned beauty wrapped only in a thin floral robe: an exact duplicate of the doll's robe. His eyes moved from the hem of the robe, which seductively revealed most of her thighs to her hips. Those hips now turned towards him and steeled his gaze. They tempted him, but slowly his eyes moved on to her breasts, partially exposed by the gape of the robe. He watched intently as her rhythmic breathing gradually brought the edge of the right areola into view. He tentatively reached out to touch it. A sharp slap against his hand and a sharp voice stopped him.

"Eric, what the hell have you been doing? It has been weeks and weeks. I have needed you!" her voice rose in pitch and volume with each word. "I thought I was more than just a sexy toy to you!" Tears of anger and frustration now spilled down her cheeks. She reached out to grab him and draw him near.

Eric eluded her grasp, seized her shoulders, and pushed her back onto the bed with all the force he could muster. It took all the emotional strength he had not to kiss her and fall into her spell. Instead, he matched her vocal intensity and volume and spat back at her.

"Look you can remain my cum whore doll forever locked in that wooden form or tonight you can trust me and take the chance to escape that spell which binds you! Do you want to suck my cock and return to your wooden form or listen to what I have planned?"

Eric sat in the middle of the den floor. The legs of the butcher-block table can into focus and the discomfort of sitting in a pile of wooden shavings penetrated his legs and butt. His head throbbed. Waves of nausea racked his body. His ears rang. What had happened? Through blinking eyes, the world around him gradually came into focus.

Early morning sunlight peaked through the den windows. Its brightness hurt his eyes. Eric instinctively raised his hand to shield his eyes and suddenly touched something soft and warm. Startled, he recoiled. With a slow turn of his head, Eric realized that he was leaning against a woman's naked legs. Fear gripped him as the memory of the events of the night before slowly seeped into his consciousness. While everything around him looked familiar, things appeared to have changed. He felt different

The recognizable features of his father's den provided some comfort. Reassured, he tentatively began to examine the form of the naked woman. She was unconscious and bound hand and foot to a butcher-block table. He was seated awkwardly at her feet, eye level with her spread buttocks. Eric's eyes began to examine the woman, however, before he could complete his observations, pain burned through his legs and lower back. Muscle cramps racked his thighs. He rolled on his side, hobbled to his feet, and tried to shake off the cramps by shuffling around the room. The leg pains slowly faded but the nagging soreness in his lower back remained. Eric bent forward rubbed his thighs and then his calves as he attempted to touch his toes and stretch out his arching back muscles. Shock filled his brain. For the first time since he had awakened, he examined his body. 

It was his body he was sure, but somehow it was different. He had a slight paunch. Grey-black hair was now in placed he had never had hair before. His knees seemed knobbier and there were small age spots on his hands. What had happened to him? Then he glanced across the room at the woman who was bound to the heavy wooden table. She looked like Essa only she was older. The hips were a little broader, the skin not quite as smooth, and the hair a littler greyer. Nevertheless, he recognized women as Essa. It had worked. 

Panic now filled his soul. Eric rushed to the prostrate form, relieved to find her breathing with shallow ragged breaths. Quickly her untied her and carried her to the daybed. He propped her up with pillows and rushed to the bathroom. There he grabbed a basin from under the sink, filled it with lukewarm water, grabbed a wash cloth and some hand towels and returned to Essa's side. There he dabbed her parched lips with the damp washcloth and wiped her face. Her body was hot and sweaty. Eric continued with the sponge bath. When he was finished, Eric pulled the comforter over her body, gently kissed her forehead and cheek, and lay down beside her. Her body was now cold and goose bumps appeared on her expose skin. Eric cradled her body offering her his body heat. He closed his eyes and prayed.

The room danced before his eyes in a surreal dream. Before him, Essa was bent over the butcher block with her limbs securely bound to its legs with thick hemp ropes. Weeks of research and work had turned his father's old den into a replica of the carpenter's shop where the wood worker and Essa's evil aunt had enslaved her as a wooden doll. To break the spell and set Essa free, Eric had to re-enact the events of that night over 200 years before.

The sun had just set and now the flickering light of over 20 tea candles lit the room. On the coffee table by the day bed, the moonflowers were in full bud, ready to burst forth in flower. His investigations in mythology revealed that they could absorb evil spirits when they bloomed at night. Eric had followed all the instructions given by the florist and was assured that they would be in full bloom by midnight. Essa was silent in her restraints. She nervously bit her lower lip and watched Eric's movements as he spread cedar and oak wood shavings on the hardwood floor. Images of the original carpenter's shop flashed through her mind.

Naked, Eric approached Essa. In one hand, he held a switch made of willow twigs and in the other was a bottle of massage oil. Her eyes widened with anxiety and fear as he drew near. "We do not have to go through with this, you know." His voice quivered as he fought back his self-doubt.

"I know. I know, but I cannot go on like this. I want this chance to escape and live a normal life." Then with tears in her eyes she pleaded, "You can set me free, can't you Eric?"

He stepped to the head of the table and gently stroked her cheek. Fear knotted his stomach and acid burned at the back of his throat. He set the switch and oil on the table on either side of her hips and gently caressed her shoulders. He knelt before her and saw the fear in her eyes. He softly kissed them shut and sighed "I will set you free." Then he stood and began to massage her back. "Now relax and think pleasant thoughts." Eric closed his eyes and whispered a silent prayer.

Her skin felt soft and smooth beneath his fingers. She trembled slightly and then he could feel her begin to unwind as he increased his pressure and rhythm. Her heat radiated up through them. He stepped closer and bent forward so he could reach the backs of her thighs. Eric enjoyed the feel of her warm breath against his lower abdomen. As he increased his massage rate, Essa moved against her bindings, repositioning herself and arching her back. He felt her lips against his skin. Erotic determination replaced Eric's fear.

He leaned over her back and began to knead her firm buttocks. The tips of his fingers slipped between her ass cheeks. Essa's breath was hot against the base of his cock. He felt himself begin to harden as her teeth pulled against his public hair. Eric knew he must retain controlled arousal and pulled back. 

He stood before her and gently stoked her hair and face. She looked up at him. A combination of erotic desire and fear filled her eyes. "I need you," she hissed. "Please do it. I want you to do it..." she pleaded as she strained against her restraints.

Eric nervously smiled and walked around the table so that he now stood behind her. His semi-erect cock brushed against her buttocks as he reached for the massage oil and squeezed some into the palm of his hand. The oil's coolness was in sharp contrast to the warmth of her skin. Eric warmed the oil by rubbing it between his palms and then started to massage Essa's shoulders and neck. His cock now brushed rhythmically against her ass when he massaged. He noticed the trail of precum his movements left on her buttocks and smiled. 

Her body now glistened with the oil. Eric knelt between her spread legs rubbing her thighs and calves. His thumbs teased the recesses of her upper thighs and brushed against her pussylips. Essa squirmed and pushed against his touches. His hands separated her buttocks exposing her puckered hole to his view. The fingers of one hand found her dripping pussy and easily slipped past its outer lips, while the fingers of the other hand maintained the spread of her ass cheeks. His pursed his lips and delivered short puffs of hot air over her rosebud. Essa squirmed and moaned. Eric delivered several sharp smacks to her ass. Essa cried out sharply and strained against the ropes. Her writhing and cries excited Eric. He continued and soon a fresh red glow beckoned him. 

Eric's hands returned to Essa's buttocks, but this time not to administer pain but to soothe and caress. His mouth skimmed over her inflamed skin to kiss, taste, and tantalize. His tongue stretched forward to tease her clit. Essa's sweet nectar mixed with the tart taste of the citrus massage oil spurred him on and he probed deeper. Eric's thumbs rubbed Essa's rosebud. She gasped, squirmed, and then writhed in orgasm. Then Eric's fingers replaced his tongue. They worked and out of Essa's pussy at a furious pace while the thumb of his other hand worked on her anus. 

Eric stood back from Essa. The willow switch dropped from his hand. The angry raised weals on her ass cheeks left by the switch caused him a momentary pause. Nevertheless, the globes of her buttocks beckoned and glistened in the candlelight. Her breathing was a combination of erotic pants and painful sobs. Eric stroked his cock. The moment of indecisive action stretched out in slow motion. Eric shook his head and trembled. He glanced at the plant on the coffee table. The moonflower was blooming. The time was right. He recognized what he had to do. He knew what to say but worried if he could pronounce it correctly. For another long moment, he paused. Then he stepped forward. He felt the heat radiating from Essa's body. Eric briefly stroked frantically, then he aimed, plunged and yelled, "Qendressa, întoarcere la spre eu! (Qendressa, return to me!). White light scorched through Eric's brain, then there was searing pain, then mercifully, nothing but blackness.

The sounds of sobs penetrated the grayness. Eric opened his eyes. He found himself bathed in sweat lying on the day bed. Beside him was Essa, not the young nymph of the magical wooden doll, but a mature woman. The events of the night before flooded back over him. The spell had been broken. She had been released, however the penalty was that they had both been aged.

Eric looked down at his body. He guessed that he was now in his fifties. He felt confused and disoriented but sound of Essa's sobs created an urgency within him that overcame his bewilderment. He reached out and touched her shoulder. The sobbing changed to a heart-wrenching wail. Eric instinctively pulled on Essa's shoulder rolling her onto her back and into his arms. He cradled her and gently brushed the tears from her cheeks while kissing her forehead. "There, there, my beautiful lady," he softly whispered. "Everything is all right now. You are safe with me for as long as you want to say...you are free..." Eric's cheeks were wet with tears as he finished speaking and he found himself hugging her tightly. There they remained on the daybed locked in a gentle embrace. 

Essa was the first to move. She slipped free of his arm and raised herself up on her elbow. Curled up on his side, Eric appeared to be sleeping. He was breathing slowly and deeply. Feelings of apprehension and melancholy tumbled through her mind as she gently traced her fingers over his face, his shoulder, and down his chest. The man before her was definitely Eric, but he was older. Gone was the hard, determined young man, replaced by an older softer version. Scenes of the previous night flashed through her mind and so did a kaleidoscope of memories from her past. She was now free of the old spell, but at what price. What she had become, old? Would this man love her for whom she was or embrace her in her new form. Fearful tears welled up in her eyes and she sought comfort against his shoulder. His warmth against her cheek consoled her and she sought further reassurance through her hands.

Essa pushed against Eric's shoulder. He rolled peacefully onto his back. She knelt beside him and nuzzled into his neck kissing the soft skin, which formed the hollow of his collarbone. Eric sighed. The fingers of her right hand delicately teased the grey-black hair, which now covered his chest. Essa liked its sensuous feel. She kissed his nipples. His scent and taste aroused her. Her right hand began to explore his stomach, hips, and upper thighs.

An old, familiar stirring began to build within Essa. Her breasts tingled and her nipples hardened as her fingers curled around Eric's cock. His legs slowly opened to her explorations and she increased the intensity of her hand movements. Warmth began to build in her lower belly her dampness soon mirrored the drops of precum, which now formed at the end of Eric's penis. 

Essa changed position on the bed. Eric appeared oblivious to her attentions. His eyes remained closed, his face a mask of peaceful contentment. This was in sharp contrast to the hunger and urgency, which was building within Essa. However, this need was not the old necessity of survival, but on new desire, which she did not understand. As Essa stroked Eric's cock, she moved her other hand down to touch and tease her pubic hair. Its warmth and wetness excited her.

Essa's fingers circled and slipped over her clit. A sudden electric jolt caused her to gasp. Then her fingertips slipped past her pussy lips and into her vaginal opening. She moaned and increased her hand movements both within her and around Eric's cock. A new eagerness and hunger filled her. Essa shifted her body and bent forward. Her lips encompassed his hardness. She felt his heat against her tongue. Desire, need, and fear filled her mind as she rubbed and sucked his cock. Her rhythm increased with her urgency. Essa rapidly rubbed her thumb over her clit. She felt Eric's body tense. Then his hot cum splashed against the back of her throat. As she reveled in its salty-sweet taste, panic filled her mind. She braced herself for the stiffening pain of the agonizing change back to the doll, but nothing happened.

Instead of the emotional and physical ache of returning to her wooden imprisonment, she enjoyed the erotic euphoria of her climax, the taste of Eric's sperm, and the feel of his cock as it softened in her mouth. She relaxed. Essa turned her head and rested it on Eric's stomach. Tears began run down her cheeks as she felt Eric's fingers move through her hair. He stroked her cheek and gently wiped away her tears. "You are very beautiful," he sighed. "I'm so glad you are here..."

"You cannot mean that," she interrupted. "Look at me, I'm old. I've changed. Look..." She sat up, her face a mask of horror and pain. "Look at me! Look at me!" she sobbed as lowered her head and ran her hands over her body.

Eric shifted his position on the bed and pushed Essa onto her back. "Essa, we've both changed. Look at me, I'm older too!" She shuddered and continued to sob. Bending forward, he kissed away her tears and softly stroked her forehead and cheeks. "I love more than just your body. I have fallen in love with the person inside you," he whispered as their lips met. They hugged, kissed, and caressed each other's bodies.

As the increasing morning light streamed through the window, Essa's olive skin radiated a soft erotic glow. Eric's fingers traced slow patterns over her breasts and stomach. As he did so, he realized that the woman before him was like a very fine wine. Age had only increased her beauty and desirability. Eric's teased Essa's nipples and hardened under his touch. She sighed and her hand moved to his thighs. Gentle touches and strokes soon brought his limp member to readiness. 

Eric alternately sucked Essa's nipples. His tongue traced circular patterns around her areoles. She moaned softly and pulled him on top of her. She wrapped her arms around him and softly kissed his neck and nibbled at his ear lobes. He gently pushed his cock up and down against her abdomen. Essa's hands cupped his shoulders and pushed. His hips slid slowly down her body and he felt his penis slide through her pubic hair. 

Tender warmth spread through Essa's body. Her breathing quickened and she slowly opened her legs. Passionate sighs emanated from her throat as Eric's cock head slipped between her pussy lips and slid slowly into her vagina. They made love in a leisurely, erotic waltz. Eric came first with Essa following shortly, stimulated by the splash of his sperm against her cervix. 

They cuddled on the day bed in post coitial bliss. Together they watched the birds at the feeder through the window. Sunlight now fully bathed the room. Essa played with the grey hairs on Eric's chest. "Those are going to take a little while to get used to," confessed Eric. "Small price to pay though..." Essa gave him a quizzical look. "Well I've aged, but I've got you," he continued with a smile. Essa frowned. "Well I do, don't I?" Eric inquired incredulously. 

Essa looked away and her eyes clearly scanning the room. Eric's heart froze. Then suddenly she looked up, her face radiant and smiling. "Of course you have me for as long as you want me. However, you must promise me a few things."

"Like what," he replied hardheartedly.

"Well..." She buried her head in his chest and hugged him tightly. "Promise me that you will get rid of the butcher block, burn the switch, and never take up carpentry."

Eric roared with laughter and began tickle her sides. Essa screamed with laughter. "Those are easy promises to keep," he grinned trying to contain the squirming girl. They both ended up on the floor in each other's arms.

Eric stoked her cheek and said, "Come on beautiful lady, let's have a shower and then we can start the first day of the rest of your life by taking all of this stuff to the dump."

This has been a fun and challenging series to write. I hope you have enjoyed the stories as much as I have enjoyed writing them. If you have comments or storyline suggests please contact me. I would like to hear from you.