 The young man walked lazily along the country road, enjoying the summer heat. Sex was the last thing on his mind that day, as his old Volkswagen Beatle had run out of fuel a mile back. But he didn't mind. He was on a well-earned break in the South of England. 

The year was 1985 and for a randy young man, anything was possible. 

As the road took another turn, the man was sure he could hear a powerful engine coming up behind him. It turned out to be a dashing silver Porsche sports car, racing along so fast it almost ran him over. In a split second the man saw the driver behind the wheel, as a long-legged blond stood up in the open-topped car to shout at him. 

"Oh sorry!" She placed the mirror lensed sunglasses on her head and let those long lashes flutter at the silenced young man. "You are still alive then?" She said that with a slight smile as if she had no regrets about the speed, and the shock she had caused. 

This was nothing compared to the shock she caused with her low cut top and tight shorts. In an instant, she realized that the young man was looking at her small but tight little breasts, and even let her gaze drop down to the rolling curves of her thighs. 

"Very much alive," was all the man could say. "I'm Charlie, by the way." He put out his hand across the windscreen of the Porsche and hoped she would take it.

"Hello Charlie, I'm Sally." She realized that by touching they had made physical contact, and let her fingers slide slowly from his. "You aren't mad at me or anything?"

"Sally, how could I be mad at you, on such a wonderful day like this. And just look at this sexy car?"

"Sexy eh?" She let the word hang in the air between them.

"Very sexy," Charlie looked deep into her eyes. No apology for the innuendo. 

"What are you doing on the side of the road Charlie? Waiting for a girl?"

"My old VW ran out of juice a mile back. But it looks like my luck has changed.

"Be seeing you," was all Sally said and slipped back behind the wheel to gun the engine and race away.

Charlie was left there (mouth open) wondering what went wrong and why she left so suddenly? He was about to restart his search for petrol when he got an even bigger shock.

The Porsche came screaming back and came to a halt in the dust. The girl looking from behind the wheel.

"I'm parched, how about a drink?"

She just smiled at Charlie as he climbed into the sports car and was about to find the seat belt and was clamped to the back of the seat as the car raced off, as fast as it could go.

"In a hurry," was all Charlie could manage as he got his breath back.

In the few minutes it took to reach the nearest pub, Charlie could not take his eyes off her thighs. The skin tanned and smooth, forming perfect curves just inches away from his hands. Charlie was contemplating a gentle stroke of those lovely thighs when the girls' hand went straight for his privates.

"I bet this gets plenty of action," she laughed, her finger playing with his quickly stiffening penis.

Now, the fact was that it did not. Well, not lately. But Charlie was still reacting to the bold fondling of his privates when the Porsche stopped and Sally jumped out to walk into the pub. The locals sat on the benches outside, drinking golden pints and eyed the shapely bottom of the woman as she strode into the pub. Some looked at Charlie, wondering if he was thinking the same thing.

He was. So he got out and followed her inside.

Charlie was just about to order them both a drink when the girl just smiled and dashed back out the door to the Porsche. He was about to go after her, but as he heard the growl of the engine, he knew she was off. Off down the road and out of his life.

"Oh well," Charlie said to himself and ordered a pint. Secretly he knew it was too good to be true. A leggy blond picking him up on the side of the road? There was no guarantee it would have ended with him peeling those shorts from her shapely hips, but it was nice to think about as he sank his pint. 

As Charlie sipped the head off his 2nd pint, he began to notice the barmaid as she handed him his change. Maybe the day was not wasted after all? He was just measuring up her cleavage when the door burst open. The bright light from outside was blocked by a rushing figure, as Sally came bursting in. 

Not only that, but she walked up to Charlie and kissed him passionately on the lips. In fact, she made a fuss of him like a long lost lover.

"Oh Charlie I've missed you, how lovely to see you again, darling I've missed you." Sally just acted as if this was completely normal, smiling and wrapping her arms around him. "Are you ready? Let's go home?" She took the pint from his hand and began dragging him to the door.

Just then 2 policemen came strolling into the pub, clearly looking for someone. Then Charlie saw the look on Sally's face and saw in her eyes a pleading desire for his help.

"I think I get the picture. Don't worry, I want to avoid the law too." So he put his arm in hers and they walked out into the sunshine and the silver Porsche. Looking back he saw the policemen laying their caps on the bar and knew they were safe for a while.

"Oh, Charlie darling I want you so much," Sally put her arms around his neck.

"Alright, you can drop the act. Maybe you can give me an explanation for what just happened back there?" He had to stop her smothering him in kisses.

"I can't explain right now, but if you don't like the law, then let us go our separate ways for now. But in the meantime, I can give you something on account. I had to park the car out of sight, just behind this hedge." Sally giggled like a schoolgirl as she dragged the young man by the hand, out of the car park and behind a large overgrown hedge. 

Here the Porsche was hidden from the police and any prying eyes. Sally wasted no time and jumped into the seats, never bothering to open the doors.

"If you can do me a favour, I can do you a big favour. " With that, she began to undo her top. The buttons popping in her hands to reveal the pert little breasts. Her nipples glinting in the hot sun. "I mean a real big favour."

Charlie needed no prompting and leapt in beside her. Holding the girl's body in his hands he kissed her breasts, licked the nipples then sucked hard, as Sally moaned with pleasure.

"I guess you know how to keep quiet? This is all for you if you just have your pleasure then forget about this car?"

"What car?" was all Charlie said, pulling down his jeans and pants.

"You can't wait any longer can you Charlie?" Sally lay on the passenger seat. Adjusted the seat and lay back. 

"Best not to. What with the police only a few yards away?"

Sally giggled with delight as Charlie pulled down her shorts, to reveal the tiny pair of knickers she was wearing. 

"You'll wear this I hope?" Sally just touched the glove compartment with her toe, to reveal a stash of condoms, spilling onto the floor. "I think ahead."

Charlie obliged and quickly ripped open the packet to slide the rubber over his throbbing penis. This was all Sally was waiting for and began slipping down her panties.

"Take them off with your teeth?"

He obliged there too, and let his tongue work down her belly to the valley of her groin and the soft wet lips of her pussy. Gripping the material between his teeth, Charlie pulled the knickers down her legs. Sally pulled her knees up in one action to let her feet slip out of them and spread her legs across the Porsche.

The perfect shape of her little vagina, glistening in the sun, was too much for Charlie, and he just thrust his mouth against it and pushed his tongue deep into her. Sally just wet herself all over his face. 

Now Charlie was just about to slide between her legs and plunge himself into the girl when the whole thing got too much for him. He uttered a groan and felt his body convulse with the passion of it all.

Sally knew at once what had happened and looked down at his penis. Wrapped in the rubber sheath and dripping with semen. 

"Oh God I'm so sorry," was all he could think of saying, not being able to look her in the eye.

"Don't worry lover, it happens." Sally just laughed and sat up in the car seat. "Believe it or not, I do that to men a lot."

So they got dressed. Charlie wrapped the soggy condom in a tissue and threw it into the bushes. Sally had snapped her knickers back on and was dressed in seconds. Now sitting behind the wheel once more.

"Charlie, you'll understand if we don't see each other for a while. You helped me out and, well, I tried to help you out. But that's as far as it can go for now."

"I can see that. Do I get a second chance?"

"We'll see, anything can happen nowadays. What year is it?"

"That's a strange question for a modern girl? It's 1985, so why do you need to ask?" Charlie was puzzled.

"The next time we meet, we'll see if we can't make it last a bit longer."

And with that Sally was gone.

The silver Porsche grinding dust beneath its wheels.

Charlie laughed to himself as he threw his jacket over his shoulders and decided to do something about his empty car. Maybe she was just not for him?

When he did finally find a garage on the other side of town, the mechanic seemed too busy to talk to him.

"Sorry mate, be with you in a minute." The man wiped his hands on an oily rag and held the phone in his hands. "Some blond woman walked in here this morning and made off with a sports car from the forecourt. A bloody silver Porsche, can you believe?"

Charlie could believe it because he knew the girl who took it. But why?

Sally didn't seem the type. She was coming down with gold jewellery and a Rolex watch. So why take the car and get in such trouble? It was amateur hour.

As the mechanic gave him a lift to his car the news grew darker. It turned out that this was not the first car Sally had stolen. In fact, she had left behind her a trail of expensive car thefts across the country, whatever trouble she was in, it was deep.

All Charlie could think of was getting his arms around that girl again and get some of the sex she had promised. 

The day was growing dark and the mechanic told Charlie where he could get a room for the night, as he was in no mood for any more driving that day. He just wanted to get that long legged girl out of his mind.

The Farmhouse was quiet and secluded, set in a small wood of trees and rolling fields of grass. 

The Farmer was clearly not used to visitors and although he was polite to Charlie, seemed none too pleased to have strangers around. Something seemed to be on his mind.

Charlie went to his room and slept a while, the day's events catching up with him. When he came down the farmer had put together a basic meal and they ate in silence. The farmer spent the rest of the evening polishing his shotgun beside the fire.

"Get much shooting in around here?" asked Charlie sipping his tea.

"Plenty of rabbits. You can have a go tomorrow if you like. Have to buy your own cartridges though, too bloody expensive today. " The farmer took care to clean the gun.

"Yes, that might be fun. Not much to do at the moment. I'm between jobs. Got some big decisions to make when I get back to London."

Charlie went to bed, but only slept a few hours. It was going to be a long night and he remembered a hip flask full of whiskey in his car. So he crept downstairs and out into the night to retrieve it. 

There was a full moon over the countryside that night and you could see for miles. Charlie suddenly caught the sight of the large barn in the moonlight, and its open doors. There for all to see was the silver Porsche. The same one.

He would have stayed frozen in the moonlight, but for the sound of voices coming from the barn. Charlie quickly ducked behind his old Volkswagen to watch what was going on, and hopefully catch a glimpse of Sally. 

Sure enough, there she was. Magnificent in the moonlight.

The scene might have carried on like any other, where two people try to hide a stolen car, but for something strange.

Charlie witnessed the strangest thing in his life.

Lights came on. But not from the overhead light of the barn. No. There came a dull red glow appearing in the middle of the farmyard. Growing to appear like a large gateway. And that was just what it was. As Charlie witnessed the strangest scene of Sally, turning on the lights of the Silver Porsche and driving it straight through the blue gate. To disappear.

Charlie wondered if his eyes were playing tricks on him in the moonlight, but after looking around the red gate, he could not see the Porsche. So what was going on?

He might have got away with it, but for the fact that he was still standing there with his mouth open, when Sally came back through.

"Charlie? How did you get here?" Sally was shocked to see him at first, but soon a smile crossed her face. "Guess you saw the portal eh?"

"He saw the bloody lot!"The Farmer shouted as he ran out with his shotgun. "I told you not to pick up any strays, but you think with your pussy Sally."

"Don't blame Charlie, Frank, " was all Sally could say, as they all looked at the gun. "Just be careful with that, you know they are banned in our time, and for a good reason."

"You just close the portal and I'll deal with your boyfriend here." The farmer (or Frank) was clearly angry with the girl.

"Don't do anything stupid, Frank." Sally walked in front of Charlie to show she wanted no harm to come to the young man.

"We had a good thing going here, Sally. The cars we have stolen could keep us for the rest of our lives, and I'm sure as shit not going to let a little runt like this get in my way." Frank snapped the shotgun into place.

"I can't let you do that Frank." Sally glared at the older man in the moonlight, the red glow of the Portal behind her.

Frank was clearly about to use the gun and raised it up to his should, but as he fired something happened.

Charlie now witnessed the second odd thing of the evening. 

As fire came from the barrel of the shotgun, everything stopped.

The fire simply came to a stop, and flames and sparks which should have normally emitted from the barrel of the gun now hung motionless in the air. Frank too, was still. But not Charlie and the girl.

"Frank, you dumb son of a bitch." Sally walked around the frozen man and looked at the still flames, hanging in the air before them.

"What the hell's happening?" asked Charlie behind her.

"Motion Pausing field. It won't last long so we have to move. He'll be fine, but we won't if we stay here. Charlie, I can't stay here now. If you like me, why not come and see where I live and I can guarantee some great sex."

"That's a lot to ask," said Charlie scratching his head. "I'm still trying to get used to this Portal thing, and the disappearing cars. Where the hell are you from anyway? Another planet or something?"

"I wish," laughed Sally. "No. We are from the future. The year 3570 in fact. As you might guess, we don't have nice cars like you do, but we don't have young studs like you either. So I was wondering if you might like a change?"

"A change? What's it like in 3570? And why the cars?"

"Take a long while to explain. But we found a loophole in the time machines and can get things back without upsetting history. It's not exactly our dimension you see. So how about it? I but you want to pull my knickers down again?"

"Let's go."

Charlie needed no more prompting and took Sally's hand as they walked into the Portal.

There were no flashing lights or strange sensations, as Charlie looked out onto the new world of 3570. In fact, it was just the same as the world he had just left.

"It's still dark?" Charlie looked around the farmyard in the moonlight.

"Sure," said Sally walking to the farmhouse. "Let's get the Portal closed, then Frank might calm down. Then we can go upstairs for some real sexy action? Make it last this time lover." 

Charlie needed no prompting and ran after her. The girl just lived for sex and even began unbuttoning her blouse as they walked up the stair. Everything about the house was the same. Except for the fact that Sally could call up computer screens, just by thinking about them. But Charlie was not interested in futuristic gadgets. 

"Why choose me?" He asked as he cupped the small breast in his hands once more, and began licking her nipples. "Of all the guys you could choose, why pluck me from an obscure backwater in 1985?"

"Because modern men don't have the passion for a real woman. They are too busy floating in the computer world. I like the world I can feel. Like the feel of your hands on my ass and your cock rubbing up against the inside of my thighs."

"This is like a dream come true for me."

"Then don't wait any longer. Satisfy me, the way you should."

Sally spread her long slender legs wide and watched his bulging penis making its way towards her. 

"I love the future," was all Charlie said and pushed himself inside the girl.

She wrapped her arms and legs around him and felt his buttocks as they tightened in a rapid thrusting motion. Neither of them could remember much as they rocked back and forth, for what seemed like an age (but might have only been a few minutes).

When they were both satisfied with mutual grunting they stopped and rolled off each other. The room hot and sweaty from their sex.

"I'm thinking of cutting Frank out of the deal. How about coming back to the past to liberate a few old cars?"

The End.