 Note: Second part of the fantasy setting. Lots of anal and 'cum' drinking. Also, it occurred to me after the fact that parts of this story could be construed as scat porn. IT FUCKING ISN'T. 

I had a lot of fun with this one and kept wanting to make bear and bee puns. I didn't though. 

*****

I made a point of coming back when Semith had said she would be offering her services. The sprite was hard to forget and I loved the idea of being with someone so experienced. 

She gave me a coquettish smile when she saw me. "Hello again, I figured I'd see you sooner or later."

"What gave it away?" I replied with my own smile.

I paid Balthazar again but this time opted for a private room. 

As we walked there, I noticed the fragrance wafting off Sem getting stronger and stronger. It made me feel... giddy and lightheaded. 

"Sem, are you doing something to me?"

"Oh I'm sorry, do you not like that?"

"Wait, are you drugging me?" I said trying to muster up alarm but only managing to sound relaxed. 

Sem placed her hands gently on my chest. "You say that like it's a bad thing. But I'll stop."

Almost immediately the gentle, pleasant haze started to lift from my mind. I tried to shake off the effects but didn't manage to budge the dumb smile plastered on my face. "What was that?"

"I was just sporing. Inhaling it's like taking a mild aphrodisiac and sense enhancing hallucinogen. Humans usually like that," she said with a pout.

While it was undeniably pleasant, I didn't enjoy the way it fogged my mind up in a haze of pleasure. I wanted to enjoy things not just enjoy. 

"I appreciate the effort, but I think I'd prefer just you, without the mind altering spores."

Sem smiled. "That was almost charming."

~

When we got to the room, I struggled to find a way to ask her if she did anal naturally. It always felt awkward asking if they took it in the ass during what's essentially our first meeting. Just something left over from the real world that shouldn't apply here, but it did all the same. 

"Semith, what kind of services do you offer?" was what I settled on.

She understood in an instant. "Don't worry darling, I've heard enough stories from the other girls to know what you like. The answer's a bit complicated though," she said with a coy smile. 

Turning to face me, Sem stretched out like a cat. In an instant the leaves and flora that kept her decent fell away from her or melted into her skin like liquid. She twirled around, shaking off the last vestiges of shrubbery. "Ahhh, that feels so much better. I don't understand how the other races can stand clothing, it's so suffocating."

"Yeah, clothing is awful. You should stay like that more."

Sem rolled her eyes but smiled, taking the bite away. "You aren't the first to tell me something like that." Semith bent over at the waist gracefully and stuck out her ass. "As for why it's complicated. Sprites don't eat food James, all we need is water and sunlight."

"Oh," I said understand suddenly. 

"Butt," she said reaching back and spreading her ass cheeks to reveal what looked decidedly like an asshole. "I do have a hole back there. It's just used for something else," she said with a wicked smile.

"What?" I asked half dumbfounded and half turned on. 

"Why don't you find out?" she said shaking her ass from side to side. 

Well, that was good enough for me. I undressed with haphazard speed and made a beeline straight for her stuck out rear. 

Semith giggled. "So eager!"

Pressing my cock head against her 'asshole' I slowly forced myself into strange and new territory. 

It was deliciously tight and warm like a regular ass but alien in texture. Instead of popping past a single ring of muscle and sliding past soft walls, it felt like pushing through a corridor of them. I couldn't be happier, my favorite part of assfucking a girl was always popping through the entrance. With Sem, it felt like I was entering asshole after asshole, one after the other. When I finally bottomed out in her, I felt the top half of my cock swimming in something warm and syrupy. 

Curious to see if it actually was liquid or just how she felt inside, I pulled out my cock. Covering the top half in a wet sheen was a thick, golden syrupy fluid.

"Is this like nectar?" I asked more interested than anything.

Turned gracefully around and gave me a considering look. "Good guess. It's not quite the same thing but similar enough." She slowly sank down to her knees and drew my still wet cock into her mouth where she basically tried to inhale it. She noisily slurped on my cock and ran her tongue hungrily over it, drinking in every drop of the nectar. 

Rising back up to her full height, she wiped off her mouth and sucked on her fingers before offering me an explanation. "Humans use fat to store excess energy, sprites use this."

"Oh my God, it's literally ass juice."

Semith made a face. "What? No, don't be crude, I was just getting to like you."

"Sorry, forget I said anything," I said embarrassed at the outburst. "So, what's it taste like?"

Semith hummed. "Why don't you find out for yourself?"

She bent back over again and offered her ass. I dived right in and began literally eating her out. The reservoir of nectar was rather deep inside her so I had to hook my fingers deep into her ass to pry her open before I could get at it. I suppressed the need to make a bear joke, I doubted Semith would appreciate it. 

Spreading her open and making her gape, I tilted her down to let some of her juice flow into my mouth. The viscous fluid was sugary and sweet but not overly so, it had a heavy, rich flavor. It wasn't bad all things considered, but definitely something you had to sip rather than gulp. Just as I was starting to enjoy more of it though, Semith straightened up and away from me with an indignant cry. 

"Hey! Not so much, it takes me forever to make that you know."

"Oh, sorry, I didn't realize." I said wiping my mouth with my sleeve. 

Semith huffed but bent back over. "No more drinking."

"I can live with that," I said sliding my cock back inside her honeypot. "So what does this feel like then for your people?"

Semith shrugged. "It honestly just feels like stretching out. It's not painful or uncomfortable like it is for some of the other races. It's just like an internal pocket for us to snack on or feed to others."

"You what?"

Semith shrugged again. "If a sprites feeling a bit hungry, they just reach back in for a quick bite, or rather drink. A full pool can keep us going for a whole month if we can't get any sunlight."

"No, no, the part about feeding others."

"Well, in emergencies like if someone is starving, sprites have been known to feed them from our inner pools but's it's usually something we only do for our daughters."

My mouth hung open at the idea. "Have you done that?"

"Yes, I've had many daughters over the centuries."

It took me a moment to realize why the phrasing sounded strange. "Only daughters?"

Semith laughed mellifluously again. "Sorry, that's a bad habit I've picked up here. There no such thing as boy sprites or girl sprites, that wouldn't make any sense. Sprites are just sprites." 

With my curiosity sated, I asked the next obvious question. "Do any of your daughters live nearby? Could I join you for a meal one day?"

Semith shook her head. "I'll never understand why all humans ask that. But yes, I've a few daughters close by. In fact, one of them even works here with me. Would you like me to bring her over?"

My cock was almost painfully throbbing by now. "Maybe later. I think I need a little more time with you first."

I bent Semith over and plowed myself into her hungrily. Everything she'd been saying was driving me wild and I needed to vent before I exploded. I constantly went 'ass' to mouth with Semith, feeding her ass to her. The fact she didn't consider the act filthy like a human girl would somehow only made it better. The fact I was literally just feeding her though might have helped with that. 

After an hour of working my hunger out in her ass in every way I could think of and even a few new ones she introduced me to, I finally neared the edge.

"Can I cum inside?" I groaned out.

"You better, you have to make up for what you drank."

I was too close to question it and simply dumped my load inside Semith, spewing rope after rope of cum deep inside her, mixing my cum with her inner pool. I rode out my orgasm, rutting into her deeper with every spurt, wondering when she fed her daughter if she'd be feeding her my cum too. 

When I eventually softened, I pulled out of Semith and rolled onto my side. She followed and rested on my chest. Her soft weight felt surprisingly nice and comforting, it was almost enough to make me drift off. Her heady woodland scent I was breathing in didn't feel hallucinogenic but still made me drowsy and pleasant. I absentmindedly stroked her shoulder and laid with her for a few minutes just basking in the afterglow before she broke the silence. 

"Well I don't know about you, but that's left me starving."

Sem crawled her way down my chest, past my stomach and rested her head in my lap where she gently guided my soft, still wet cock into her mouth to slowly lap at it. I clenched my teeth and groaned. I wasn't going to fall asleep anytime soon. 

Semith sucked and licked every bit of nectar off my cock leaving it spotless, but apparently that wasn't enough. "Still feeling a bit puckish. Be a dear and look inside that end table there, should be a glass inside." 

Not wanting to shift Semith off me, I stretched out to rummage around inside the drawer blindly. Eventually getting it, I offered it to Semith. 

She stayed lying on her side with my cock still in her mouth as she positioned the glass under her asshole with practiced movements. I leaned to the side to get a better look and saw the golden fluid leak slowly from her and drool into the small glass she pressed against her skin. She didn't fill much of the glass, only enough for a small mouthful. I happily noted that her drink wasn't all nectar, there were some slight streaks of white in it too. 

I expected Semith to just down it but instead she handed the glass to me. "Want to do the honours?"

Semith seemed to have a pretty good understanding of humans. "Absolutely," I said. 

Semith probably expected me to tip the glass into her mouth but instead I chose to pour it on my cock instead. She arched her brow but then just shrugged and went back to my cock. I happily watched as Semith loudly slurped at me, lashing her tongue over every inch of my cock, determined to get every drop. The way she so enthusiastically devoured me made it hard to believe she was over seven centuries old, it made her seem much younger than she was. The fact she was so mature and being such a whore for me, someone so much younger than her only made every filthy act better for how inappropriate it was. I knew she didn't think of it in that way but I didn't care, I did. 

"Good girl," I said, resting my hand on her head and patting it like she was a pet rather than the ancient she was. 

The constant attention she'd been giving my cock had me semi hard again and I slipped out of her mouth so I could slap and rub it against her face, smearing her with her own saliva. Treating the primordial being like that sent another thrill of inappropriate excitement through me. 

I figured with my cock against her face, now was the perfect time to sate my curiosity again. 

"Before, when I came, what did you mean by making up for what I drank?"

"So many questions James, I'm not a Magos Biologis." Semith sighed and reluctantly gave another filthy biology lesson. "Sprites break down semen readily into more nectar, I couldn't for the life of me tell you why though, it's just how our bodies work."

No questions here.

It was a good as time as any to segue into bringing Semith's daughter in, but I enjoyed lying with her so much that I kept the conversation going. The topics drifted from here to there until I eventually asked, "Semith, why do you work here?"

Semith's eyes grew distant with memories as she started to answer, a slight smile playing at the corner of her lips. "At first, it was because I felt like I owed one of the owners, but soon, I simply just began enjoying it. My people aren't as vigorous as yours or the other mortal races. The centuries dull my kind into lethargy and ennui. I stay because I enjoy how bright the younger races burn, it helps keep away my own night."

"Well, I'm glad to be of service. Why'd you owe the owner by the way? You get in trouble with the law or something when you were younger?"

Semith's expression suddenly fell, the wry smile dropping in an instant. "One of the other owners, an ex-adventurer found me in a bad way. I'd been captured by bandits and bootleggers who were harvesting my nectar for sale. They had me tied up and hanging as they drained me dry. It was awful. I felt so hungry and empty no matter how much they fed me. If it weren't for him, I don't know how long I would've been there."

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked," I said. I wanted to just feel sympathy, but hearing about her being tied up and pried open so she could be drained just made my cock jump instead. I wondered if they used something like a speculum and immediately cursed myself for the thought. 

Semith shook her head. "It's fine. It's all ancient history." 

After that, I tried to steer the conversation to gentler waters. It took a long time before things got back to normal and I finally felt comfortable bringing up her daughter. 

"You mentioned a daughter but didn't say what her name was."

Semith smirked at me. "I take it you mean the one that works here with me? Trill, she's my youngest. She's just 214."

"So young, practically a baby," I said though the humor was lost on Semith who just nodded.

"Do you think I could meet her?"

Understanding my meaning, Semith gave me a wry smile and nodded. 

~ 

Eventually Trill joined us. Like her 'mother', she was ethereally beautiful and looked startling similar to her. Semith immediately went over to her daughter and started fussing over her. It struck me as strange the way Semith fawned over Trill like she was a little girl though she was almost 10 times my age. 

They spoke to each other in a melodic language that sounded like wind blowing through a forest and rustling leaves before turning my way and giving me a playful look, muttering 'humans'. Things progressed quickly and I soon found myself excitedly watching Semith. She was leaning back in a chair with her feet on the arm rests while Trill took her place beneath her mother on her hands and knees. Semith opened herself up and let her nectar slowly pour out of her ass onto Trill's waiting tongue who happily drank the offered juice. 

I chose that as my moment to suddenly drive myself into Semith's daughter. She reacted the same way to the anal intrusion as her mother did, not at all and instead focused entirely on lapping up the drink her mother offered. 

As the sounds of slapping flesh filled the room, Semith giggled. "Oh they grow up so fast. I remember the first time I fed you when you were only 40. And look at you now, still such a messy eater."

Trill made an indignant sound but otherwise kept her mouth where it was. Trill drank and drank the golden nectar that poured slowly out of Semith. Wondering why Semith had made such a fuss when I only had a small mouthful, I asked "Sem, aren't you worried she's drinking too much? You said it takes you a long time to make that stuff."

Semith explained. "It's fine, I'll get it back when it's my turn and she feeds me."

My cock jumped inside Trill's ass and I started pounding into her a touch harder and faster. Simone had really outdone herself this time.