 "Come, pretty boy, come pretty boy,
I see you there
Come pretty boy, come pretty boy,
I hear you there
Come pretty boy, come pretty boy,
I will taste you *there* ...
Come pretty boy, come pretty boy,
I feel you there!"

Chaos laughed delightedly to herself, crossed her arms over her chest, and allowed one calf to hang languidly over the side of the tree branch she sat on while she waited. She could hear him out there in the woods. Chimera, her panther was purring as loudly as a kitten next to her on the first limb up from her own, and her psionic 'web' of males were already spread out at predetermined locations. 

The unsuspecting male was going to walk right into her trap! And what fun there would be, then!

She rolled her shoulders, her chestnut-brown hair softly landing about the slim width, leaves tangled up in the curly locks. She'd been up here for a couple of hours now, and she had never been one to have much patience. Now, she was getting downright antsy. 

She KNEW he was out there, so why didn't he come when she called?

"Come, pretty boy, come pretty boy,

What fun you will have

Come, pretty boy, come, pretty boy,

A taste of you I will have

Come, pretty boy, come, pretty boy,

What fun we will have!"

She narrowed her ocean blue eyes in eager anticipation as the Siren's Song trailed off, to be magnified and intensified by her web. There was a soft rustle of leaves before he stepped into the clearing, and Chaos could have curled up with delight. Ah, he was beautiful!

And so ... HERS.

She uncurled her other leg, and nimbly swung down from the branch, climbing down the ld oak tree with the air of one who had been doing it all her life. Oh, how she was going to enjoy this one! 

She watched, delightedly amused as the confusion hit his dark brown eyes when he saw her. After all, he'd thought he was following the sound of someone in need of help. She saw the ceremonial knife at his side, and grinned from ear to ear. 

He was an Inandoa...

Her day just got even better. Oh how she just loved the taste of Inandoas. The connection with the earth these people had pumped through their blood, so much so that Chaos had found she'd grown a fondness for them in particular, over any other she had ever had. 

And they were such FUN to play with!

Her size 5 feet touched the ground like a feather, and she spun around, being sure to give the male ample time to view her entire body with the move. She was going to ENJOY this one ... 

He stood just under six foot tall - a good six inches more than she - with dark brown eyes like an abyss, and black hair to his waist. It was thick, but poker straight, beaded down the single small braid that hung to the left of his face. A cute little nose, and an adorably rugged look to his cheeks. His hands were calloused from the arduous lifestyle he lived, and his clothing served to cover only his legs. 

A spear in his hand, an axe at his waist, a quiver of arrows and a bow at his back, the leather strap crossed his bare chest diagonally, emphasizing the muscle stature there that the warm sunlight was shining upon. Deerskin leggings, with deerskin moccassins, and careful, meticulate beadwork to the moccassins and leggings. The mark of a Woman on him. 

She was definitely going to enjoy curing him of THAT.

"Come, my pretty, come to me,

Come, my pretty, let's go, shall we?

Come, my pretty, come here, you see,

Come, my pretty, come with me!"

As if startled, the Inandoa male blinked, and looked down at her. Her misleadingly petite size. He gave her a small smile, one that barely tugged at the corners of his lips (oh she was going to enjoy those), and it was satisfactorily distracted. Good, that meant her boys were doing their jobs.

Chaos began a sort of lilting, graceful walk around him in a circle, her motions so fluid that they could almost be considered a dance. She grazed her fingertips along his bicep while turning and leaning in to give him an ample view of her barely contained cleavage, then spun away from him with a torturous dragging of her nails along the other bicep. Not enough to draw blood, but enough to make him jump. With each syllable she sang, his mind was ensnared further into her little web.

"See, pretty one, that feels nice,

Hear, pretty one, my sweet lilting voice,

Smell, pretty one, my delicious scent,

Taste, pretty one, of the death's lament!"

Three things happened at the same time, same instant that the last syllable left her lips. There was a sudden widening of the Inandoa male's eyes in alarm as he realized he was in danger. There was her lunge towards him, her nails digging viciously into his biceps as she used his own weight to both pull him down, and pull her up. Then there was the sinking of her fangs into his neck. He let out a strangled cry, and while he was able to pry her fingers from his biceps, he could not seem to jar her deadly teeth loose from the side of his neck at all.

The spear in his right hand dropped, unnoticed, to the leaf covered ground.

His body dropped next to it with a dull thump.

And Chaos leaned back, licked her lips, and looked up into the vegetation. "Now, boys. Come get this one. Let us leave, before more of his friends come looking for him."

With a giggle, she clambered up on top of Chimera's back, letting both her legs drape down the left side of the animal's fur. She so loved the feel of fur on her skin. Chaos' "boys" melted into view momentarily, as she continued to carry her song through the woods and the web, and she watched, pleased, as they carefully lifted the unconscious Inandoa male from the ground, and carted him along behind their Mistress. No harm would come to him by anyone but Mistress, or there would be hell to pay.

The web moved as one, the twelve men that travelled within the web all moving together without any communication at all. The male Inandoa was dragged along with the sing-songing entourage, unconscious, and limp. And Chaos snuggled into Chimera's fur like a little child does a soft fleece blanket, happy and content as could be. 

What fun there was going to be!

________________________________

He awoke to the feel of cold, musty, damp air on his skin, and darkness. At first he wasn't even sure he was awake. Then he heard the delighted giggling of Chaos.

He groaned.

"Wakey, wakey, my pretty boy..." her very voice was like some kind of a trap, to him. Each word that left her mouth seemed to increase the fog in his mind. It echoed, and reverberated in his brain like someone shouting inside the narrow walls of an empty canyon.

He groaned again, and tried to sit up ...

...only to discover that he couldn't, to the rattle of chains.

"Nia'rrhii..." He mumbled, half with it, half not, the word heavily slurred on lips that felt as though they didn't want to move. The violet eyes blinked open slowly, trying to focus on something - anything - in the room.

Chaos giggled again, and laid a feather-light caress across his bare chest, giving her nails just enough pressure to scrape, but not actually cut or hurt. The male jumped, with a surprised exclamation, and she laughed once more.

"Welcome to the Funland, my pretty ... do you speak any english at all?" Some of them did, she knew, and some of them did not. All depended upon their class within their Clan, and the teaching of their Elders, she knew.

He groaned again, shivering, and nodded his head, not stopping to think that she couldn't see the motion in the darkness. Of course, he had no way of knowing that she could. 

"Ye'es..." the word was heavily accented, with the particular halting lilt that most of the Inandoa language had, but it was clear enough to be understood. 

"Oh, goody goody!" Chaos exclaimed, and clapped her hands together, hopping up onto the old bed with him. They were in some kind of an old plantation-like building,nearest the Inandoa could guess. Something left over from before the Crash all those years ago. He could smell the plants and vegetation that had overgrown the building, but couldn't care less about it. He had to get out of here. 

"So tell me, my pretty one, what shall I call you? What is your name?" 

She leaned down over him, pointedly grinding herself down against his pelvis for a moment while she looked him dead in the eyes. Her own blue ones seemed to glow unnaturally in the dark room, her chestnut-brown hair falling softly over a shoulder, and the Inandoa male shuddered. Whether or not it was from the grinding or the sight of those glowing eyes, he wasn't sure.

"Well? What is your name ..." She ran one hand down over his side, circling it around his navel, then leaned down and planted a trail of nips along his abdomen, stopping just above his oh-so-precious jewels. 

He tensed up, and she could tell he was fighting. She tsk'd a couple of times, then let her tongue snake out and touch around his navel and abdomen ... his hips jerked involuntarily, and she felt his hardness pushed up against her chest.

Chaos grinned.

"Jhi'rah ..." he managed to grunt out, and pulled uselessly against his chains. "..ple'ease... ta'aken!"

"Of course you are, my dear Jhirah ..." she didn't bother to try and pronounce the accented middle of the name. "...by me..."

"No... ta'aken! Stop!" His hips jerked upwards again, against his will, as her nails scraped down along the side of his cock, ever so teasingly, and Jhi'rah just whimpered ...

Chaos laughed again, delightedly, and grinned. The predatory gleam was back in her eyes again, and this time she leaned back up, straddling his hips and simply tossed her shirt to the side, not even bothering to check, just knowing without doubt that one of her 'boys' would catch it for her.

She leaned back down, and started a trail of nips and bites along his neck, pausing to taste lightly of the blood in his veins, then she started singing again. The 'web' picked it up and amplified it without so much as a command from their Mistress. They knew what was expected of them. Jhi'rah let loose with a strangled cry and jerked his hips, his upper body, trying to throw her off. Struggling against the chains that held him down was pretty much useless ... they were secure. Very secure. All it accomplished was a jingling of chains, and a waste of energy.

"Tsk, tsk... my pretty, pretty Jhirah, mustn't fight, no ... it will be so much more FUN for you if you don't..." her voice had taken on a sultry, seductive tone, and she nipped just a bit harder at his collarbone. Hard enough to cause pain, but not break the skin.

Jhi'rah yelped, and jerked, his entire body arching on the bed, and Chaos leaned back just at that moment, feeling the tip of him push up against her cute little ass. She purred softly, and ground her hips down against him again, this time very, very plainly.

Ah, yes, good... he was hard already. And she could see the redness in his cheeks, the shame. She sat there, just sitting astride his hips, with the occassional swivel of her own, to feel his lump between her legs. He jerked, and groaned each time she did it ... then whimpered like a baby who didn't want to do something that they were being forced to do.

Chaos loved it. 

"You know you want it, pretty one ... your all hard and ready for me ... really, you shouldn't fight it, it will be SOOO much more enjoyable if you don't ... and you'll do it anyway ..." She was in complete control, and loved every minute of it.

Jhi'rah growled in the back of his throat in protest, his hands clenching so tightly into fists that the nails dug into his palms and struck blood. 

"NO!" He croaked out, desperately. "Ta'aken!"

"Not anymore." 

Chaos smiled sweetly, then DROVE her hips down, and rubbed herself up and down his entire length. She wanted him in her badly. But not too quickly, no ... she was going to savor this ...

She hiked up her ass, and presented it to one of the males standing around the outside of the bed. The man dutifully lowered his Mistress' skirt, pausing to slide a finger in between her folds and jiggle it around a little bit. The deep-throated moan that she let go of, brought a smile to his face. She always did like that.

His reward was a pushing of her hips, as she pushed down on his finger, against the rest of his hand, then she slid back up off of his hand, turned around, and gave his own erect cock a long, loving lick. The male tipped his head back and moaned once, but she stopped, leaving him with a tortuous hard-on and no way to release it. But he had the promise that he would get first delight, later that night after she'd finished with the Inandoa ... And if he was a good boy for his Mistress, he might even get to play in her ass while she fucked the Inandoa.

Grinning ear to ear, she retook her place up on top of Jhi'rah, and slid her now unclothed folds across his cock. The Inandoa male groaned, his hips spasming up against her against his will, his hands clenching into fists again.

"See? You like that, you do ... now fuck me."

And with that, she reached one hand behind her, lifting his cock just a bit, and drove her pelvis down on top of it. A long, low moan left her lips as he was pushed inside of her, and she began a slow, rythmic rocking back and forth, with his cock buried deep inside of her. He was SO hard, and firm, and filled her up rather well.

"Turn...ah... a light ... ohhh... on in ... ooo... here..." she ordered between moans, and there was a match being lit, then a lamp, beside the bed. With the Inandoa's eyes now locked onto her breasts and pussy, with the web's prompting of course, Chaos reached a hand down, and slid the finger along the little nub that gave her so much pleasure while she continued to ride him in that slow tortuous way she had.

It wasn't long before the male Inandoa began to respond. There was a strangled whimper, then a loud, low, groan, and he bucked his hips up into her, forcing his cock deeper within her cunt. Chaos moaned out loud, and leaned forward.

"Yes, that's it, my pretty one ..." then she bit him. Hard. Right in the neck. He howled in pain, but his thrusting hurried itself up, quickening the pace. Caught between pleasure and pain.

Just how she liked them.

"Jason!" She snapped, as she slid herself up and down his cock fast enough to keep up with his thrusting. The male from before took his hand from his cock, and moved in behind her. Sliding his right hand around to play with her right nipple, he slid his left around and stuck it between her legs, removing her hand and using his own fingers to rub that little pleasure nub. He soon had her moaning, and shivering, right on the edge of cumming.

The Inandoa male suddenly let out a low groan, and THREW his hips UPward hard into her pussy. Chaos screamed in pleasure, and bore down on him harder. "Yes, that's it, my pretty Inandoa .. fuck your Mistress... fuck her, fuck her HARD ..."

Her left hand moved to sit on top of Jason's hand, pushing his hand harder against her pussy and her clit, then she tilted her ass, offering it to him. Jason wasted no time at all. He continued to rub, circling her clit harder now with his fingers, then kneeled on the bed behind her.

He lined up his cock with her asshole, then slammed it home with a low groan and a shudder. Gods she always felt SO GOOD ...

Chaos moaned, and began bucking wildly. The Inandoa under her groaned, cried, the tears spilling down his cheeks in shame, but he couldn't stop, and let out a last final bellow before his hips slammed up against her pelvis, his cock burying itself as deep as it would go as he cried out his release.

Chaos felt his semen pump into her, and with the second cock buried in her ass she lost all control, and sunk her fangs deep into the Inandoa's throat, draining the blood quickly. Her screams of orgasm muffled around his throat, as she shuddered and bucked against the two cocks, her hands now wildly pinching a her breasts and her pussy and her clit.

Jason felt his Mistress' cumming, and try as he might to hold off, simply could not ... his hands moved away from her pussy, and grabbed her hips, brutally pulling them back against himself, as he gave one last forceful thrust and pumped his load right up her ass.

Only after the last wave of orgasm had left her, did Chaos lean back up and release the Inandoa's neck. She felt high .. floating ... partly on the afterglow of an orgasm, and partly from the Inandoa's blood.

The male lie still against the bed... unmoving. He would not breathe again, his chest was deathly still, and his hands limp, his cock still impaled within her pussy, even as Jason pulled out of her ass.

Chaos moaned one last time with the pleasure and the sensation of that cockmeat sliding out of her pussy, and she lifted herself off of the Inandoa and sat on the edge of the bed, letting his cum leak out onto the old sheets.

"Clean me." She snapped at Jason, and he immediately knelt down, buried his face in her pussy, and set about bringing his Mistress off to another orgasm from a good tongue fucking.

The Inandoa body, was removed from the room ... and would be found by a pair of Inandoa hunters later the next day, lying in an almost peaceful position of repose underneath an old oak tree ...

((There will be more to come.))