 Note: Part 3 of the fantasy setting series. I was going to put the Druchii part before, but realized I wasn't actually feeling very inspired for that or the other races I had in mind. Maybe I'll feel differently later. For now, this is essentially done and I won't be coming back to it. 

*****

Going back to Vixens for the third time in as many days, I decided I'd use that days visit to tug on the thread Mordridd had presented; demons. It might not have sounded that appealing to other guys, what with demons typically invoking imagery of flaming, antediluvian terrors. But I was sure Simone would send me in the direction of the more attractive types like succubi. 

I found the Balthazaar in his typical spot on the upper levels of the club where the working girls lounged. His uncanny nature and appearance wasn't any less disturbing despite repeated exposure but it was an easy thing to suppress. Instead of letting it show, I flashed him a smile and asked "So Balt, what do you know about demons? The pleasant kind I mean."

His eyes grew glassy and narrowed for an instant before dilating again. He didn't seem to like the shortening of his name any more than Semith did but the prospect of profit kept him from voicing a complaint. 

"Ah, yes, demons. I presume you're interested in succubi and daemonettes rather than nurglings?"

"I want to have fun, not get every STI in existence."

"What's an STI?" he asked cocking his head.

"Nothing, don't worry about it. You were saying?"

"Right... Yes, well, I know a thing or two. We used to employ a few succubi right here after all but it that didn't last long."

"Demons a bit too much trouble?"

Balthazaar flustered and he quivered heavily like he'd tasted something too sour. "Worse! The damn she-devils kept giving out freebies to the patrons. They didn't care a wit for gold, only for satisfying their hunger. I thought that'd make them the perfect workers. They happily agreed to the deal I laid out and I wouldn't have to pay them at all." 

I'd clearly touched a nerve as Balthazaar continued working himself up. 

"They were taking work away from the other girls before the other owners and I had to ask them to leave. Oh what a mistake that was..." 

I expected Balthazaar to continue but he just stayed sullen instead. "Why's that?" I prodded him to get the backstory moving along. 

Balthazaar continued to sulk. "The succubi decided they liked things too much to go back to seducing the occasional farmer for a measly meal or two. Better to have the food come to them. With help-" he spat the word out with disgust "-from rather many investors in the city, they set up their own Coven right here, Second Circle. If it weren't for that blasted place we'd have more than twice as much business. Gods damn Hellspawn." 

I couldn't help it. "Second Circle eh, how do I get there?"

Balthazaar snapped up to look and me and... Vibrated? His body shook all over, visible even through his overflowing robes. Instead of his usual manner of speech, his voice took on a slithering quality and something indistinct but obviously insulting came out of his mouth. He made a heel turn and glided rather than walked across the floor away from me. 

I shrugged and went off to find another guide to lead me to Second Circle. 

~

Asking around got me the same reaction I'd gotten when asking for Vixens but with the addition of one man waving some kind of religious icon at me and calling me a blaspheming heretic that would burn for my impurity. I wonder what it says about me that that only made me want to find Second Circle even more. 

Throwing around some money sped things up and I soon managed to find my way to what was supposedly Second Circle. The place was apparently underground. The entrance was a gothic mausoleum with stairs that receded deep into the earth. 

Well, it's not like I can be hurt here I thought to myself as I started down. 

Torchlight lit the way as I made my way deeper and deeper. Eventually the silence was broken by the sounds of sensuous joy and revelry to put it lightly. There was a lot of screaming coming from down there, the good kind though. 

"Hello there," a voice said suddenly at my side making me jump. 

I whipped around on the sound and standing right behind me was a succubus I thought. Having never seen one I couldn't be sure but she sure looked the part if a bit young; if she were human, she wouldn't have been older than 20. She was small, surprisingly tiny actually and barely came up to my chest. Her perfectly smooth, unblemished skin was a blood red with mesmerizing patterning that moved and shifted constantly. Leathery wings sprouted from her back and heavy, curling horns crowned her head. She had pointed ears like an elf and for the most part was built like one too, delicate features with an unnatural, too perfect beauty. 

"Hello," I said taking in the rest of her, the heavy nipple piercings she had taking up much of my attention. "You scared me." She didn't wear any clothing at all, at least none that covered her appreciably; a collar, a corset that cupped her breasts, stockings and metal 'armor' that looked like it uncomfortably pressed into her soft skin.

She tittered. "I know, I can never resist doing that to new bloods."

Movement from behind her caught my attention and I finally noticed the tail swishing behind her playfully. I bet that could be fun. "How do you know I'm new?"

"Because of the way you're looking at me human." 

She stepped closer and her scent hit me. Like Semith it was numbingly pleasant but I don't think it fogged up the mind like Semith's spores. It just seemed to sharpen everything into focus and heighten the senses, not to mention giving me a raging hardon and very many dirty thoughts. But as long as it didn't affect my thinking, this was the kind of non-consensual drugging I could approve of I think. 

"How do things work here?" I asked softly. 

She just grabbed my hand and led me deeper down. She was warm to the touch, so warm. My eyes drifted lazily to her perfect ass. It was literally perfect, or at least as perfect as I could imagine an ass to be, cute, perky and bubble-like, on the small side but the perfect right size to grab handfuls of. It was hard to resist the urge to just grab her and push her up against the wall to ravage. 

Like she knew what I was thinking, her tail suddenly pointed at me before swishing to and fro like it was shaking it's head. 

A dumb smile spread across my face and I absent mindedly reached for her tail. It was surprisingly soft and yielding. At its tip it was as thick as my thumb but at the base it was thicker than my wrist. The succubus didn't seem to mind me playing with her tail, but as I slid my hand up it closer and closer to the base where the tailbone would be on a human, she eventually shivered as my hand brushed up it. I stroked my hand up and down the base of her tail and I got the same shivering reaction. That was good to know. 

Playing with her backside I barely noticed we'd finally arrived at the Coven proper. The stairs led into a massive cathedral like hall. All along it were a hundred or more succubi feeding on every manner of species, both men and women in every way imaginable. I stopped and stared at the stunningly massive orgy before I felt a tug on my hand from the succubus leading me. 

"Come."

She led me to some empty bedding on the floor that somehow managed to look clean and unused despite everyone in the room making every effort to make as much of a mess as possible. 

The succubus fell back on it and smiled lasciviously at me. I followed her and dropped to my hands and knees before crawling up her body, kissing my way up her supple, ruby flesh. Laying my cheek against her breasts I breathed her in deeply and asked "What's your name?"

"Does it matter human?"

"Please."

She tittered musically again, it made me want to please her. "I am Eorlith," she said running her fingers through my hair. 

"Eorlith," I repeated.

"Yes. Now undress human, I want you to feed me."

I simply nodded. I was practically drooling as I undid my pants and fished out my cock. Immediately Eorlith's tail wrapped around my shaft and balls gently and began pulling me towards her pussy. 

Halfway there a sudden course correction changed the target to her ass. I frowned. I hadn't mentioned any preference but she somehow knew. I shook the thought away. 

Eorlith prodded the tip of my cock against her asshole. It came away slick and wet. 

"You're slippery there, how?" I asked.

Eorlith sounded distant. "I'm not really flesh and blood, I'm more an idea. I'm whatever you want me to be. That's why I love anal James. Why I can cum from it, why I'm dripping wet there, why my ass is the only thing I ever want you to do... But none of that's important James."

I weakly nodded and let her guide me in. Even with her wet I had to really lean my weight into her before I popped in. It was like nothing else I'd ever felt. It wasn't just that she was fiendishly tight and warm, it was textures and sensations inside her. Her ass wasn't just a tight ring of muscle and a corridor of flesh to slide down, it practically suckled me instead. Ribbed and nubbed walls of flesh undulated in a wave up and down the length of my cock. Just staying still inside felt like it was enough to get me off. I groaned and hugged myself into her trying to bury my cock in deeper. 

I wrapped my mouth around one of her tits and sucked as much of it into my mouth as I could. It didn't even surprise me to realize she even tasted good. 

Just as I felt like I managed to calm myself down and stop from cumming too early, I felt something join my cock. Looking down, I saw Eorlith's tail had curled in upon itself and reached into her asshole with me. I felt it coil itself around me again and again from top to bottom. Then she started stroking me. With her tail wrapped around me, she literally jerked me off inside her own ass with the tip of her tail brushing up against the slit of my head. 

"Stop, please," I groaned. "It's too much. I don't want it to be over this fast."

Eorlith ignored me and continued to milk my cock. Realizing she wasn't going to stop, I leaned back and roughly grabbed handfuls of her soft tits to maul as I desperately assfucked her missionary. Slamming my weight down into her and squeezing her tits, I began to think of her as just a plaything, an asshole to fuck and pair of tits to enjoy. Just as I finished the thought I felt Eorlith shiver under me but didn't think to question it. 

I only lasted a few more seconds before I exploded inside her. The new sensations were too much and it made me flood her guts with cum. I shot endless ropes of jizz deep into her, enough to rival the load I'd given Mordridd even with the larger cock setting. 

Eorlith made sure I gave her everything. She wrapped her legs around me and just pulled me in tighter while never ceasing to jerk me off. She was even purring as I dumped more and more cum into her ass, she seemed to like it even more than I did. 

When I was spent, I collapsed on Eorlith and buried my face in her tits. She went back to stroking my head and running her fingers through my hair. 

I don't know how much time passed but I eventually noticed the sounds around me weren't quite as vigorous and so I looked up and around. I saw a number of succubi nearby were looking my way with hungry eyes. Turning to Eorlith, I saw she herself had a predatory grin plastered on her face that stretched from ear to ear. 

"Oh my. Aren't you just a find."

~

Eorlith eventually shifted me off her with surprising ease, like my weight was nothing to her. She stretched out like a cat and held her hands against her stomach smiling. Turning to me she flashed another predatory grin. "Could I convince you to live here?" she asked.

"What?"

"Would you care to live here with us? I promise we could make it worthwhile," she said punctuating the sentence by moving down, sticking out her tongue and wrapping it around my softening cock. And I do mean wrapping around it. I startled as her tongue snaked out and curled around my cock, wrapping around it twice then cupping the balls. It might have been more disturbed if it didn't feel so good. 

Instead of pink flesh, it was a teal shade and as long as my forearm. The strangest and most arousing thing about it was these pointed hillocks of flesh that studded the base. As she bobbed up and down on me, they brushed up against my cock deliciously, sending tingles down my length. It was enough to start getting me hard again. 

"God that feels good," I groaned out.

Eorlith couldn't reply but reached out and grabbed my hand, intertwining her fingers with mine.

As she serviced me, I was so occupied by the new sensations of her enjoyably long tongue that I didn't noticed another succubus walking up to us. I only noticed the new arrival when my blowjob was unpleasantly stopped as the new succubus pulled Eorlith off me. 

As Eorlith flailed on the bedding and righted herself, I saw all pretense of civility leave her. Her eyes narrowed to thin slits and an animal snarl that didn't belong on such a beautiful face twisted her features. She turned on the other succubus who was staring at me and growled, more deeply and menacingly than I thought possible from someone so melodic. 

Though as soon as Eorlith saw the new succubus, she immediately seemed to collapse in on herself and back down. She bowed her head and actually whimpered as she backed up.

"Mistress. I apologize. I didn't realize."

"Go away little thing," the larger succubus replied in an erotic, husky voice, rich with confidence. 

Eorlith paused and said hesitatingly "But... I found him first."

The other succubus snapped her head over to lock eyes with Eorlith who seemed to crumple even further from the attention. She quickly left us. 

The new succubus was much taller than Eorlith, about as tall as I was and had horns that seemed much larger, longer and more ornate. 

"Uh, hello." I said. 

Instead of replying, she continued to stare as her tail swished back and forth behind her like a metronome. 

I stared back at her awkwardly and took her in, my eyes lingering on her exposed breasts and vagina. I liked how confidently the succubi wore their nudity. Her skin was red like Eorlith and she dressed much the same though her armor was more elaborate. Her tits 

I wasn't sure what to do as the silence stretched on but she eventually deigned to reply. "Come with me," she stated simply. 

I followed. Even if nothing came of it, I would've followed her simply to hear more of her warm, enticing voice. 

She led me down the great hall to the back, through a set of massive, ostentatious double doors with carvings that depicted men, women and other beings locked in poses of ecstasy and coitus. As we entered the doors closed behind us and I found myself in what I assumed was her private room. 

It was lush and sybaritic, more so than even the great hall. Thick, soft pelts of fur carpeted much of the room and art wallpapered the walls. The smell of delicious food and drink suffused the room and only just covered up the smell of that sense enhancing scent that drifted off every succubi body. Only here it seemed even more intense. Despite recently cumming, I already found myself growing harder again in the presence of the taller succubus. 

"So, do I call you mistress as well?" I asked her as she turned to face me. 

The corner of her lip ticked up. "No, you are not one of my daughters. You may call me whore, or whatever you like, but I go by Lilith." 

My cock twitched at that, I swallowed. "Why did you take me away from Eorlith?"

She approached and began circling me, brushing the tip of her tail against my skin here and there. She was so close her scent was almost intoxicating. The tip of her tail sent unnatural thrills of pleasure through me.

"I am the Matriarch of this Coven, I may do what I wish."

"What are you going to do with me?"

Lilith smiled demurely. "I think the question is, what are you going to do to me?"

She turned and stalked towards the bedding at the center of the room where she lay down. I followed in a daze and watched as the little fabric and armor she wore melted and morphed around her. At first a new ball gag appeared in her mouth before it changed to a blindfold and then back to nothing again, leaving me staring at her perfect face. 

Lilith hummed and rolled over onto her stomach. She arched her ass up and folded her arms behind her back. Again the clothing she wore flowed, this time into ropes that bound her arms and legs together leaving her barely able to move. Four fingers of metal grew from the hip armor she had and reached towards her ass. They reached delicately into her asshole and began to pull her open wide. Strings of sticky, clear fluid hung between her flesh as she was pulled open. Like Eorlith her asshole was sopping wet. I approached her zombie-like and guided my painfully erect cock into the welcoming hole as the metal fingers retracted. Impossibly she felt even better than Eorlith, but it wasn't just physical sensation, it like felt there was a tickle at the back of my mind that dialed everything up. 

Her eager asshole easily swallowed my whole length and I quickly began giving her full, rough strokes, pummeling her asshole like my life depended on it. Lilith mewled happily under me. A haze of time passed before I eventually pulled out to admire the view. Her asshole stayed gaping wide open without help. I could see the walls of her ass were lined much like the base of Eorlith's tongue, they even continued to throb and spasm hungrily. Pressing my fingers into her I noted with surprise how the nubs of flesh would immediately arch towards them and try to brush up against them. Looking down I saw my cock was soaked in Lilith's juices and messily dripping them. 

Grabbing Lilith's legs I flipped her on her side and straddled her chest. Lilith let a few droplets of her juices drip on her face before she opened up her mouth wide and reach out with a forked tongue even longer than Eorlith's to constrict my cock. Sliding the curl of her tongue down my cock, she collected every slimy drop of her own precum. The clear fluid trailed down her tongue into her waiting mouth as she brushed down me. When I was spotless, she made a show of gargling a little before swallowing, though the tip of her tongue never left my cock. 

"Oh God," I groaned out.

I couldn't help myself and shoved my cock deep into her mouth and down her throat. Impressively, the sudden intrusion into her throat didn't make Lilith so much as gag, her throat just opened up to take all nine inches of me. She quickly started making swallowing motions while I was still deep inside, massaging my cock with her throat. As the seconds ticked by, her tongue continued to lash and massage my balls while she continued to stare at me seductively. After more than a minute with no sign of her needing air I figured it probably wasn't necessary and began fucking her throat like it was a pussy. 

Pulling almost all the way out before plunging balls deep back in as savagely as I was would've absolutely made a normal girl gag and throw up but Lilith evidently had zero gag reflex. She didn't seem to mind the rough treatment at all even as I fucked her face into the bedding. 

Swapping positions eventually, I pulled her up. Grabbing her horns I would roughly pull her face down on my cock and haul her into me, pressing her nose hard into my crotch. Keeping her held down on my cock, I pistoned my hips back and forth, relentlessly throatfucking her. 

Wanting to see the mess I'd made, I pulled her horns back. Lilith's mouth, cheeks and chin were plastered with spittle and saliva. Though incredibly, as soon as I pulled her off, she practically dived back down on my cock and impaled herself on it. Pressing her own face down on me, she kept up the swallowing motions and brushing the base of her tongue against the tip of my shaft. I leaned back and allowed her to feast on my cock until I couldn't take it any longer and needed to cum. 
