 John Wellington had been unceremoniously thrown into the cell without a word and without any clothes. As he dusted himself off, he took note of his surroundings. It didn't take very long. There was a fountain of some kind in the far corner, a large bed, and a small white skinned creature lying upon it. John had never seen a creature like this before and his first instinct was to get as far away from it as possible. Especially when it uncoiled its lightly furred tail, but it made no move towards him. It didn't appear to have even awakened. He stepped closer to the bed and examined her as closely as he dared. She was very human like and not altogether unappealing. She had pale, white skin and spiky blue hair. Her small pert breasts were tipped with erect, blue nipples and her limbs were sinewy and lean. She couldn't have been 5' tall and even with the tail, she didn't appear to be a threat, but John still felt very uneasy.

As he was looking at her face and appreciating its haunting beauty, her silvery eyes shot open and she shrieked. She had moved so fast to the corner of the bed, John didn't even have time to react. She looked terrified huddled in the corner.

"I'm not going to hurt you." He said realizing that she probably couldn't understand a word he was saying. She softened a bit at his words and ducked her head down shyly. 

He heard the swish of the door open behind him and as he turned around he was hit in the chest with a blue bolt of energy. It sent him flying backwards on the bed beside the small alien woman. He was completely immobilized, every muscle in his body screaming. A huge green-skinned humanoid lumbered towards him and clamped a steel ring around his ankle and then departed. 

The little white alien woman had curled up against him and when he was able to move again, not knowing what else to do, he put his arm around her. To his surprise, she did not flinch away but instead sighed contentedly. 

"Who are you?" he rasped. She looked up at him quizzically and began chattering away in a language he couldn't hope to comprehend. She did however have a beautiful voice. He found himself smiling as he got lost in the musical tones coming from her mouth. He had also noticed the sharp fangs and a very long red tongue that occasionally flicked out to moisten her blue lips. She then put her head back down on his chest and hugged him tightly. They were just lying there like that when a second large green alien appeared with a shock stick in his hand. John did not like being zapped by that thing and he decided to make his feelings known, as futile as it might be. 

They were very large powerful creatures with tough green skin that approached a carapace in some spots. They had lumpy bodies and yellow eyes. They didn't seem to have any apparent vulnerabilities but John figured they must have joints with limited mobility so he aimed for the elbow of the one standing in the doorway. John felt some satisfaction when the alien howled in pain at having his elbow hyper extended but John hadn't been able to use enough force to actually break it. And when the shock stick blasted into his chest, the force had been great enough this time to send him flying into the wall across the cell. He couldn't move but he could see the small alien girl run towards the green skinned creature and fall to her knees before him. She clasped her hands together and chattered away in a language much harsher than the one she had spoken before. The green alien paused and then bent down towards the diminutive creature. Her tail whipped out and wrapped around its neck. Her fingers gripped the sides of his head and they began what seemed to be chanting. After a few seconds, she dropped her head, released the huge creature and walked back over to John.

"I know some of your words now." She smiled and held his chin in her hand looking into his eyes. "Don't do that again. They will kill you next time." She turned and walked out of the cell, followed by the lumbering green alien.

It had taken John longer to recover this time and when his limbs had stopped aching, he crawled back onto the bed. He had wanted a simple life. He wanted to find peace. That was why he had volunteered for the outer rim. It was tough to get pilots that far away from civilization for so long but it suited John perfectly. He was away from people and he was finally finding some contentment in his life of solitude. But then there had been a reactor leak and he had been pushed way off course. When his instruments finally recalibrated he was pretty sure he would never find his way back. He was going through the charts in the navicompter when he heard a noise and a saw a bright light coming from outside the ship. He went to investigate and before he knew what had happened, he was waking up in a white room filled with the green-skinned aliens. He had read a book somewhere about mean, green aliens called Vogons so he decided that's what he would call them. Vogons. It just seemed to fit. They were very ugly. 

The fatigue from the shock stick blasts had taken its toll and John soon fell asleep. When he awoke, the little white alien woman was curled up beside him on the bed.

"Where did they take you?" he asked.

"They collected some dust."

"Dust? What do you mean?"

"I produce a dust from my teeth. It is very valuable to them. That's why they have captured me." She answered.

"Is it poisonous? The dust?"

"No. They sell it as...I don't know the word. Medicine, I think?" 

"What is your name?" John asked suddenly.

"Hmm. I still don't know many words in your language. What do you call the atmosphere when you see it from the ground?" she asked curiously.

"The Sky?"

"Yes! That's it. My name is Sky." She smiled contentedly as she lay on his broad chest. Her fingers lightly caressed his cheek and she seemed to be studying him intently. Her tail was sliding across his leg and then it gently wrapped around his quickly hardening cock.

"Sky? What are you doing?"

"I'm arousing you."

"I can see that. I mean why are you doing that?"

"If that's what you mean then that's what you should say."

"You still don't understand English at all, do you?"

"Hrmmph." she frowned. Her tail was covered with a fine layer of fur which felt incredible against his skin. Still wrapped around his stiffening cock, she slightly squeezed her coiled tail around him, producing a shudder from his entire body.

"Stop that." He pushed her flat on her back on the bed, his arm pinning her delicate shoulders beneath him. He glared into her face, her silver eyes twinkling in amusement. 

"You're not afraid of me?" he said.

"No. I can feel you now." She smiled up at him.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Your...emotions. I can feel them. I can feel your...I don't know the word. Heart? Yes. I know your heart. I know you will not hurt me."

"How do you know?" 

"I don't know how I know. It just is. It is a thing that just is." She grinned and wrapped her legs around his waist. Her tail curled around his hips. She licked her lips hungrily and ground her self against him.

"We can't do that." He breathed deeply.

"Why not? I think you would make a suitable mate."

"We are not the same species. I don't even know how you work, biologically speaking. For all I know you could be poisonous to me." He frowned. She giggled in a high pitched mewling that made him smile despite himself.

"You have a thing about being poisoned don't you?" she giggled again.

"Maybe."

"Kiss me." She breathed. He knew that he shouldn't but her luscious blue lips beckoned him. Her long red tongue flicked out across her fanged teeth and without thinking, he kissed her. All the air seemed to go out of the room and he felt light headed. Her tongue slipped into his mouth and swirled against his seductively. As he released her and rolled on his side, she turned to him. "I am not poisonous to you. We are compatible, biologically." She sighed.

"And you can tell all that from a kiss?"

"Yes." She propped herself up on her elbow and grazed her dark fingernails across his arm slowly. She began tracing the tattoo, lightly dancing her fingers over the black ink that covered his skin. 

"Sky? Why have they put me in here with you?"

"You tell me about this mark and I'll tell you why."

"Nothing much to tell. I was in the military back on Earth. This is the symbol for my regiment."

"Regiment." She sounded the word out slowly. "Is that like your clan?"

"No, well, sort of. Clan is basically family. A Regiment is a division of the army. Its similar I guess."

"You are a warrior." She said quietly.

"No. I was. That was a long time ago."

"You don't seem like a warrior. You're not like them."

"What are they like? The warriors from your world."

"Fierce, unforgiving and merciless. They fight until they die. They are...cruel. You are not like them. You are not cruel Captain Wellington.

"All humans have that capacity."

"To be cruel?"

"Yes, to be cruel."

"Even you, Captain Wellington?"

"Even me. And stop calling me that. You can call me John."

"They told me your name was Captain Wellington?" she asked clearly puzzled.

"My rank is Captain. My name is John Jacob Wellington. You can call me John or JJ."

"I will call you John." 

"Are you going to tell me why they put me in here?"

"Yes, I will tell you. First you must understand that my people do not survive in captivity. We will die usually within 30 days. No matter how many of us they put together, we will all die."

"Then why do they keep capturing your people?"

"They want the dust." Sky grew suddenly sad and John pulled her against his body. "Our people have met before." She continued. "Many years ago, one of your people was captured and she was put in the cell with one of my people. He lived much longer than normal. But they were both killed when they tried to escape. For some reason, my people can survive in captivity longer if we are placed with a human. That is why they placed you in here with me. So that I might survive. And then they can collect the dust."

"What would've happened to you if they hadn't found me?"

"They would extract as much dust as they could before I died."

"So why haven't they captured more humans?"

"They do not know where to find you. It was only by chance that they found the other one of your kind. I'm sure they are searching for your home world."

John considered the information carefully. Since he was so far off course, they would have trouble figuring out where he came from. His navicomputer did contain enough data that they could eventually find Earth's location, however. It would be difficult but it could be done. He would have to figure something out. But he had time. And he needed to learn a lot more about these Vogons and their ship.

"Does it hurt? When they take the dust?" he asked.

"No. It is uncomfortable. But it doesn't hurt." With amazing speed, Sky jumped astride John's body. She held his wrists and he let her guide his arms above his head. Her knees were gripping his waist tightly and her tongue flicked out, wetting her lips. "Will you mate with me, John?"

"I'm afraid..."

"Do not be afraid of me. I will not poison you." She frowned.

"I'm afraid of hurting you." He finished.

"Oh. You may bite me if that is your way. Our people do that sometimes. It is acceptable to me."

"That's not what I mean." He nodded to the erection that was trapped between their bodies. Sky looked down and began grinding her hips against him. "That's not helping." he winced.

"You are afraid that you are too big to fit within me?" she asked innocently.

"Yes. You're a very small person. Human females are generally...taller."

"Do you find me unattractive?" Sky asked while still rotating her hips against his girth.

"No. I find you very attractive. You are very beautiful." She paused for a moment and stared deep into his eyes. 

"Your eyes are the colour of moonstone. It is very pleasing to me. I find you very attractive John Wellington." She smiled suddenly and began writhing against him again.

"You better stop that or my urges are going to take over."

"That is what I was hoping for. Let your urges take over. Take me, John Wellington. Do not be afraid of hurting me. I can take you within me. Mate with me." A blue tear fell from her eye and John could taste the saltiness as it landed on his lip. 

He grabbed her by the waist and flipped her over onto her back. He could feel the wetness between her legs as he slid against her parting lips. Her fingers weaved into the hair at the back of his neck and she pulled him down closer. Her tail was whipping back and forth across his back. He kissed her passionately, crushing her beneath him and forcing himself inside her. She gasped in surprise. He tried to slow as he entered her for the first time but she was so slick and hot that he lost control and plunged his entire length deep into her until she screamed. He held still as she shuddered around him, accommodating his size. 

Her hips slowly started to move and he began pulling out of her. She felt so tight it was as though her body was trying to hold him in. When he had almost fully withdrawn, he plunged back inside of her. Again she screamed and her teeth sunk into his shoulder. He began pumping slowly in and out and her hips began meeting his thrusts. He moved faster and faster until he was pounding into her, each impact eliciting whimpers from her small frame. Suddenly her entire body clenched and a fierce howl escaped her lips. Her fingernails dug into his back and she shuddered beneath him, pushing him away from her with her legs and arms. 

As he slid out of her, Sky's eyes shot open wide. She pouted and he flipped her onto her stomach. He pulled her hips up so she was on her knees and in one swift movement, thrust full into her from behind. Her eyes were wide with a mix of surprise and desire as she looked back at him over her shoulder. He kissed her and let the passion over take him. His hands kneaded her small breasts, twisting her erect nipples as he slammed into her. He was pounding harder into her, his hands moved, tightly gripping her waist, forcing her body harder against his. She was crying out every time his flesh slapped again her ass and then he felt the familiar sensation deep within. She could feel him swell deep inside her and as he picked up speed, she knew he was about to explode.

"Yes. Fill me with your seed." She whispered. That was all it took to send him over the edge and then he was pumping load after load of his come deep inside her abused pussy. She moaned and trembled as another orgasm ripped through her and he slowed to a stop. 

He fell onto his back, chest heaving and sighed. Sky immediately climbed onto him and he put his arm around her. "I told you. We are compatible." She breathed.

"And I didn't hurt you?" he asked concernedly.

"Not as badly as I hurt you." She blushed, caressing the bite mark on his shoulder. "I'm sorry." She offered quietly.

"Don't worry about it. Just a scratch."

"No, this is a bite but there are scratches too." She remarked taking him literally.

"Ha. Good."

"You're not upset?"

"Hell, no. I think that's the best sex I've ever had. My god, you are beautiful." He smiled weakly and kissed her forehead. Sky snuggled in close and sighed happily.

"I am glad we are mated John Wellington."

"Me too. Now all we have to do is figure a way out of here."