 Well this took a bit longer than expected. Sorry Love's. I had a major case of writer's block. Not to mention my classes and my internship. these past days have been filled with stress. Quotas, Deadlines,the works.. Positive or negative feedback I'd love to get constructive criticism on what I'm doing wrong or right, Regardless here it is! enjoy :)

Ciao.

~ ~ ~ ~

Texting Bree the address, I tried sliding out of Daniel's arms while he slept.

"Where are you going?" He greeted me, pulling me back into his chest.

"I have to go home," I hinted, patting his leg.

His chest rumbled with laughter, "You do have to go home, sorry it's just been forever since I've cuddled with anyone."

"A giant like you really? I would think you'd have no problems with the ladies," I joked, slipping out of the bed.

Gathering my stuff the hairs on the back of my neck stood. Turning slightly I caught Daniel staring at me.

Wrinkling up my nose, I put my hands on my hips, "What?"

He sat quietly, grinning. Following his gaze I stared at my crotch.

"What the fuck.." I muttered.

"Morning wood, it's ok it happens all the time. Well with guys," he implied.

"I wouldn't know that," I sighed, sitting on the bed I put my face into my hands.

My body tensed, as I felt him rub my back gently, "I could help you with it if you want."

I looked up at him, his tone was sincere with a hint of curiosity. Giving him an unsure look, his hands explored my body. His fingers slid up my side slowly, I felt the warmth of his hands as he cupped my breast. Kissing the back of my neck Daniel blew air into my ear. I gasped sharply, jumping slightly. He fondled my boobs as he nipped at my ear.

Moaning quietly, my breaths grew rigid. Reaching down into my pants he freed my confined dick. Thumbing the head of my tool, he gave a firm squeeze. I groaned in his hold.

Removing his hand from my prick, I felt his own cock press into my back, "I'm sorry. Foreplay just really turns me on and those socks aren't helping."

"It's fine. what about them, their just socks?" I noted.

"I have a fetish for them," he admitted, now pumping my appendage.

Forcing soft moans out of me, Daniel chuckled.

"Take the rest of your clothes off. Except for the socks," he demanded.

Kicking out of my shorts and panties, he lifted my shirt over my head, tossing it to the side. He marveled at my body. Laying me on my back Daniel kissed a trail up my stomach, stroking my member. Taking to my nipple he bit at it slightly. I moaned, the sensation was unbelievable.

Down to his boxers Daniel unsheathed his cock. The head of his phallus oozed pre, trickling down his shaft. Grabbing my leg he began to thrust against the ball of my foot. I felt his thick shaft move to and fro moistening the bottom of my sock. Firmly rubbing his throbbing prick onto the bottom of my foot, I could feel the familiar dampness in between my legs.

From the sheer sight of him towering over me, as he drove his shaft from on the heel of my foot to in between my toes. I came, hot, white goo bursting from my turgid cock. Thick rope after another raced up my phallus. Moaning loudly, I grabbed at the sheets, Daniel ceased rutting his hips and wrapped his hand around my purging appendage. Slowly he started tugging at my tool, coaxing my seed out of me.

Without warning, Daniel lunged forward, "Nngh.."

Groaning he coated my thigh with his warm spunk. The strings of cum that shot out of me splattered against my chest. Landing in my hair, onto my stomach, and a bit in my gaping mouth. Swallowing the hot goo that landed on my tongue, I laid there sprawled out. My breathing was steep. Daniel laid next to me, propped on his elbow he watched me closely.

Scooping up some of the gunk off my stomach on his finger, he brought it to his mouth. Letting out a low moan his eyes went wide with surprise. Dragging his tongue down my body, I gasped arching my back. I was shocked as he took my now returning back to life girl cock into his mouth.

"Oh..Gawd!" I hissed, feeling myself grow until I rested at the back of his mouth, my dick nipping at the entrance to his throat.

Slithering his tongue up and down shaft, he sucked hungrily at my prick. Daniel bobbed his head trying ever so slightly to take me into his throat. His attempts failed, but he continued to service me well. Bucking my hips, squealing uncontrollably, he worked yet another climax out of me. Filling his mouth I watched, as Daniel worked his throat to swallow as much of my jet of frothy cum as he could.

"Jesus, Daniel.. S-stop," I whimpered.

My spurting member slowed, but he kept sucking at my tool. I could feel it stir once again, twitching in his mouth.

Removing me from his mouth with a pop, he sat back and gave an apologetic look, "Sorry.. I guess I just got carried away."

Rolling my eyes, we headed into the bathroom. Daniel joined me in the shower.

"You're gorgeous.. Even with a dick," he whispered, massaging the shampoo into my hair, as the warm water pelted my body in front.

"Yea right," I snorted, keeping my lids closed to keep the shampoo from reaching my eyes.

Turning me around, he tilted my head back.

"You don't believe me?" he questioned, running his hands through my hair.

I tensed feeling exposed. The water washed the shampoo from my hair. But I felt small droplets hit my ear, jumping slightly. I couldn't speak, I was frozen with fear. Spinning me back around, returning me as I was Daniel moved my hair aside. Kissing me at the nape of my neck with the hot water massaging my appendage, I could feel my dick growing.

Tapping my right hip, he commanded me, "Lift your leg up."

Obliging I slowly lifted my right leg. Hooking his arm underneath my knee, I felt his manhood rest at my entrance. Holding my leg he continued to kiss and nip at my neck. Thrusting his hips once, Daniel managed to slide in with ease. I gasped. He felt incredibly hard.

Driving his dick into my tight passage, I cried out at every thrust of his hips.

"You're-so-tight.." He grunted into my ear, as he continued to fuck me.

Lifting my leg up over my head, Daniel slammed into me. Hitting that spot inside me, I moaned relentlessly.

"Fuck me Daniel, fuck me. Nice and deep," I pleaded.

With those words he became animated. Tearing in and out of my velvet sheath. Slowing down to a stop, he hooked his other hand beneath the knee of the leg opposite of the one which he held. Hoisting me in the air, Daniel stabbed into my depths. I arched my back taking more of his cock into me. My own dick was throbbing while it slapped against my stomach.

Stuffing his huge slab of meat into my stretched folds, he growled into my ear, "You're such a dirty little slut, Lex. Letting me fuck your tight hole like this, you like it, the feeling of me stretching your greedy little pussy don't you?"

I squealed, his thrust turned into slow deep stabs. He was going to make me work for it.

"Yes, yes I do. Now please, fuck me!" I begged, gyrating my hips.

Daniel stopped rutting his hips, "Your so snug, Lex. I think I'll rest here inside you're pussy and keep you on edge."

He chuckled at my subtle whimpers.

"Daniel, please. I need you to fuck me," I begged.

Hefting me off his prick, Daniel shoved himself home. Hitting my cervix. I screamed joyfully as he continued to ram away into my gash. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I helped pierce myself with his stiff dick.

"I want you to cum for me, cum around my cock. Can you do that for daddy?" He whispered.

With quick and deep jabs of his lengthy tool, I let out a desperate cry. Flexing my muscles I tightened around his manhood. Groaning, he slammed me around his dick. Letting out a silent scream, I came from both parts. My thick organ sprayed cum all over my stomach and a thick glob hit the roof of the ceiling.

My muscles massaged Daniel's spurting member, as he shot hot seed up from where it churned, deep inside somewhere in his balls. Painting my walls with his white goo. Withdrawing from my cunt he tilted my head back and gave me a deep and passionate kiss. After exploring my mouth with his tongue, we got cleaned up and dried off. Returning to his room instead. He helped me comb out my tangled hair.

Stepping around a pile of textbooks Daniel grabbed a red and black, plaid shirt and helped me into it. Handing me my panties he watched as I pulled them on tucking away my prick. Daniel put my shorts on one leg at a time, and securely tied my black, combat boots.

"You didn't have to help me," I frowned, while we walked down the steps.

"It's fine. Besides I can't get out of the habit since I used to do it with Cassandra," Daniel laughed, grasping my hand as we walked down the hall.

Strolling into the den we saw his father, Travis, and mother, Stacy, cuddling on the couch.

"Well Daniel I must say we were mistaken and wrong to worry about you," his father coughed.

"We heard the two of you going at it in the bathroom," Stacy, his mother interjected.

My jaw dropped. I could feel my face turning unbelievably red.

"Oh..." Daniel choked, scratching at his head with his free hand.

"It's ok. It actually reminds us of the days we were young," they both said in unison, their eyes locked.

We nodded uncomfortably and Daniel walked me out the door. We exchanged numbers and said our final goodbyes as Bree pulled up. Slamming the car door, I watched him walk back into his house slowly. Bree and I made it back to her mother's house quickly.

"Alexandra!" Jennifer smiled, pulling me into a warm embrace.

Her breast brushed against mine, my dick twitched slightly, "hello Jennifer."

"I was worried you left us. I thought you were terrified of my cooking," she laughed.

Jennifer was Bree's mom. Complete opposites. Her mother was very generous, respectable, kind natured, and obedient. But on the other hand there's Bree. Abrupt, sneaky, selfish, and disruptive. During winter break I was here with them this year celebrating their heritage.

Her hips weren't as wide as her mother's own, but her breast defiantly surpassed hers. Her lips were thin, but they stretched into a beautiful smile. Bree had her fathers eyes, a deep lovely brown. A very shapely figure, close to a perfect hourglass.

"Not at all. I just wanted a break from Bree," I smiled warmly at Jennifer, leaning in I kissed her on the cheek.

Bree swiftly drug me up to her room. Closing the door she sat on the love seat that rested against the window. Patting the cushion next to her, I sat beside her.

"So what's up?" I asked, with my hands folded in my lap.

"The potion Michelle gave you obviously caused you to grow your own dick," she paused, then turned to face me. "But the good news is your body didn't take to Alyssa's seed at the time."

She beamed at me as she delivered the last bit of news.

I shook my head, "Bree, that's not the point and it sure as hell isn't good enough. I want this thing gone."

I was glad that I wouldn't have a creature growing inside me, but I want my body back how it was. I didn't like change, never did.

"I'm sorry, but the elixir for that is locked up in Michelle's study. But I can teach you how to retract it into your body," she proposed.

I nodded to her offer. The felling of having my dick pressed tightly against my stomach with the help of the waist band of my shorts was brutal. Hiking up her dress, she revealed her bald mound to me as she stood in front of me.

"Going commando?" I grinned.

"Well I was in a rush," she giggled, spreading her legs apart a bit further.

The lips of her pussy glistened. Her cock was gone, as if I imagined it all. I blinked in confusion.

"Try picturing your crotch before you got your phallus. Then relax your body," Bree instructed me.

A vivid image of my body before I sprouted my own tool appeared before my mind. Relaxing myself I felt a slight suction at my crotch. The pressure I felt with my member pressed against me disappeared. Unzipping my shorts, I let a surprised yelp. It was gone.

"Just as I remember, nicely trimmed, big fat, puffy lips.." Bree murmured, absently licking her lips, as she stepped forward.

I watched as her cock grew out of her, standing proudly at its length. Cowering back into the seat, despite my muddled feelings my own prick grew out of me uncontrollably. My phone rang loudly breaking Bree's focus. Buzzing inside my purse as it rested on the dresser. Shaking her head she allowed me to move past her to grab my phone.

I answered it quickly, "H-hello."

"Well don't you sound tense," a voice laughed.

It was Daniel.

"Oh, hi. I forgot to put your number in my phone," I blushed, feeling my timid behavior returning.

"That's rude, I saved yours as soon as I got inside," he pretended to sound disappointed.

Bree came up from behind me, stroking my shaft slowly, "Fuck.. Ur— well I'll make sure to save it afterwards."

He listened to my heavy breathing over the phone for a while until he finally spoke.

"What are you doing?"

"I... I'm a little held up."

"Was I not good enough, sheesh you're like a hormonal teenage boy."

I could hear him laugh over the phone.

"You w-were great.. Listen I-I have to call you later."

"Alright, just don't be gone too long."

He hung up.

"Who was that?" She asked, making her voice small.

"Mind your damn business," I hissed, trying to escape her grasp.

Wiggling out of her hold, I moved to the other side of her room. Closing my eyes I willed my dick back inside my body. Bree moved closer and pulled me into a hug.

"I don't like sharing you," she confessed, keeping her face pressed into my shoulder.

"Bree.." I sighed.

She was my best friend, I couldn't see anything past that. Despite how badly she wanted me to. But I could try.

Putting on our clothes we left the house to go shopping for groceries. We held hands out in public, receiving dirty looks. To strangers I suppose we looked like a couple, but to people we know in town they knew better.

"I think we need milk?" I recalled.

Walking off from Bree I trotted down the aisle. Grabbing two jugs of milk, I nearly jumped out of my skin when I heard someone call my name. Turning around I was pulled into a bear hug.

"You didn't call back," Daniel complained, stepping back to look at me.

"Sorry, I got held up," I replied.

Struggling to hold up the milk I placed them on the ground.

"Here I'll help you," He volunteered, reaching for both of the milk jugs on the floor.

Picking them up he waggled his eyebrows. I couldn't help but laugh. Walking back to the aisle lined with bread I couldn't find Bree.

"Maybe she's in the meat section?" I mentioned out loud, more to myself than anyone.

Daniel gave me a questionable look, "Who?"

"My best friend," I answered him quickly.

Scouting the aisles, we ran into Daniel's friends.

"Danny boy, who's your friend? Why don't you introduce us," one of the five urged.

"Guys this is Alexandra. Alexandra, these are some of my idiot friends. Their looks are deceiving," Daniel smiled down at me.

Since we've been looking long enough for Bree we decided to grab a cart. I actually dressed appropriate for today, but I was still a bit cold.

"H-hi," I beamed, shaking their hands.

"You're wearing more clothes than last time I saw you, your still cold?" the man with green dyed hair laughed.

"Yea, skinny people have bad circulation. Unfortunately," I shrugged.

I was dressed a bit warmer, but I still felt cold. Wearing my black sweatpants along with my navy blue long sleeve shirt. I had my hair straightened, with my black scarf draped around my neck.

"I wouldn't say that. You were pretty warm the other night," Daniel teased, winking at me.

"Your such an ass," I giggled.

My phone buzzed in my pocket. Glaring at the screen I read it slowly. It was from Symon. "Hey, are you in town?"

"No-yes, but only for winter break. Why?" I replied.

"I thought I saw you down the bread aisle. Why don't you come grab a beer with me for old times sake?"

"I'm not to sure about that. I'm here with Bree, you know how she is.. "

"No worries old chap. I'll try talking with her."

I sighed sliding my phone back into my pocket.

"Lex, where were you?" Bree asked, strutting towards me down the aisle.

"Looking for you," I quipped.

She wrapped her arms around my waist, kissing me on the cheek, "I'm sorry Lexa-boo. I'll let you spank me all you want later, baby."

I could feel my cock stir inside my body. Giving a nervous laugh, I could feel my face getting hot from the watching eyes.

"Well we should go gather the other items if we don't need anything here," I mentioned to Bree. "Bye Daniel."

Unwrapping her arms from around me, Bree took the cart and we started down the aisle.

"Wait, Lex!" Daniel called after me.

I turned slowly, in time for him to cup my face, and crane his neck. Giving me a deep, hot kiss with plenty of tongue. Separating I gave him a quick hug and we went off to finish our shopping. Loading the groceries into the car Bree gave me a funny look. On the ride back we had a few words.

Her mother and father put up the groceries, as we went over to Symon's place. I knocked on the door lightly. There was music playing softly, grumbling Bree kicked at the door. Symon poked his head out from the door. A sloppy grin spread across his face.

Motioning us in, we towed after him, through the house, and into his room he Tossed us a beer. Symon sensed the tension between us two. He tried lightening the mood. We spent a while reminiscing over the days spent in high school. I could feel myself relaxing and the mood between us lifting.

"So are you still a virgin, Lex?" Symon smirked, sipping on his own beer.

I nearly choked on my own drink, "No,why do you ask?"

"Aw, well I was hoping to fuck you myself for your first time," he added, killing off his bottle. "We never did get to it in high school."

"Yea, that was out of the question then.." I trailed off, looking into my half empty beer.

Symon was just as I had remembered him. Tall, lean, but a built figure. His skin a nice color of bronze, thin yet nice lips, a sharp jawline, and beautiful grey eyes. Unusually his hair was shoulder length as apposed to his regular buzz cut.

"What about now?" He wondered, raising his eyebrows.

I shrugged, honestly I had not one fucking clue. Symon and I had gone out together back then, but I was confused at what I wanted then. I still am.

"I can't even answer that. I'm sorry," I whispered, staring down at my hands.

"It's fine. Maybe one day I'll catch you off guard," he joked, giving me his familiar sweet smile.

I felt fuzzy all over. It felt good to have good memories to come back to. After a few hours Bree had drunken a bit too much, I stopped after two. I don't like beer I'd rather have a bottle of whine. Driving back home, I dragged her into her room, and onto her bed. Bored I decided to visit Daniel.

Rapping on the door I waited for someone to answer. I began to feel self conscious.

"Where's Lex! Danny go get her back, get her back," I could hear Sam screaming his head off through the door.

Opening the door Stacy greeted me with a warm hug, pulling me inside she closed the door behind us.

"He's been asking for you since you left," she gave me a weary smile.

I smiled back, giving her a kiss on the cheek, I ran into the den. Snatching Sam into a bear hug.

"Hey you!" I chirped, trapping him underneath me, I started tickling him.

He laughed, squirming in my hold. Once I let him go his face was red and tears were in the corner of his eyes.

"Why'd you leave me?" He pouted, crossing his arms.

Kissing his cheek, I patted his head, "I'm sorry sport. I have a lot to do."

Out of the corner I saw Daniel poke his head out the kitchen.
