 Ciao! 

Sorry for the wait, I have been in the hospital for a good while. I've been having problems with my heart and lungs. I managed to hurt my wrist in the mix as well so it's hard to type let alone move anything. Hopefully my grammar mistakes have improved. 

Enjoy lovelies.

~ ~ ~ ~

Christmas was great.

Bree had given me a lovely silver wire ring surrounding my birthstone, the moonstone.

It was beautiful.

I knitted her a grey and black striped scarf. Along with that I bought her an Xbox 360 like she's been wanting for the longest.

She sat in the den of my moms house and played from Christmas morning to night.

I called Daniel.

"Where have you been? I have a present for you and everything.." Daniel trailed off, sounding disappointed.

"I have something for you too. I've just been held up.." I answered him.

He stayed silent for a while, "Is it her?"

"Oh no, Daniel trust me! It's not because of her," I insisted.

Well part of it was. But he wouldn't understand.

"Can I come over and at least drop off your present?" He sounded hurt.

"I'm at my mom's place. It's a while from yours," I told him.

"Just text me the address," he sighed.

"Alright. Bye," I breathed.

I sent him the address, and waddled into the kitchen. Cat was washing the dishes when I walked in.

"Hey," she smiled over her shoulder.

I moved past her, mumbling a hello. I was pretty annoyed with Daniel. But who could blame him. Why would I even think to trust anyone like me. I've practically become a whore since I sprouted this thing.

Fixing two glasses of orange juice I sat at the table and began guzzling down the first glass.

The doorbell rang, Cat dashed off to answer it. I started sipping the other glass when Daniel walked in.

He stood tall in the frame of the doorway. His red hair was tousled, he was breathing heavily, carrying two gift bags. Cat stood behind him winking at me.

Daniel rushed over to me. Putting the bags on the table, his cold, big hands cupped my face. Bending down he kissed me on the temple. Pulling back he stared into my eyes. It had been a solid while since I've stared into his deep, beautiful, green eyes. 

"Well I don't think we've been introduced?" A voice broke our stare.

We turned to see my mom standing in the doorway with Cat. I'd kill that brat later for this.

"Uh—Hello ma'am! I'm Daniel," he stuttered, standing up right, he reached a hand out to my mom.

Shaking his hand, she smiled, "Sabrina, charmed to meet you."

I announced our departure. We retreated into my room. We sat on the edge of my bed talking.

"What are you thinking?" I asked, staring down at my hands.

I just laid everything on him, which happened to me in the past week and few days. He was still absorbing it. I could deal with the silence, but the glances he took at my stomach made my chest tighten.

"How are you feeling?," he asked, grasping my hand.

I swallowed the lump growing in my throat, "Besides the slight pains, I'm alright."

He nodded and released my hand.

"Stay here."

Before I could protest he left, closing the door behind himself.

I was alone.

Placing a hand on my stomach, I felt a kick through the thin material of the dress.

"How'd I get myself into this," I sighed.

Bree confessed her feelings to me the night she made love to me. I didn't know how serious she was about me until that night. I cried because I just couldn't say it back.

The lump in my throat returned. My eyes watered, tears began to fall. I wept a while till I heard footsteps ascending the steps. Wiping away my tears, Daniel came through the door.

I composed myself.

"Here come down stairs with me," he grinned.

Descending the stairs, he held my hand, and kept his other against my back.

"I don't need help," I insisted.

He gave me a sharp look that made me bite my tongue.

"I didn't ask you. If you want my help or not either way I'm not going anywhere," he fussed at me.

We strolled into the kitchen where my mother sat at the table smiling ear to ear.

"It's come to my attention that you've met someone. Daniel is a polite young man, he asked me for my permission to date you, I approve. You've caught a good one baby girl," she smiled.

I looked between the two. 

"Oh this is such great news! I can finally say my daughter isn't a lesbian, you had me worried you'd never find a man to settle down with. Then that of course would mean no grandchildren," she continued.

"Mom!" I exclaimed.

Daniel broke into laughter. Bree crept into the room, sliding into a chair across from my mom. She grabbed a banana from the basket of fruits. Peeling it she threw me a questioning look. I stared down at the floor in guilt. I didn't know what to tell her. 

"Oh Bree, that's right I haven't told you the good news!" My mom clapped with glee. "Alexandra is dating this charming young man here, Daniel."

Bree gave me a look of hurt. Standing from her chair, she tossed her half eaten banana into the trash, and trudged out of the kitchen. I winced at the slam of the front door.

"What's eating her?" Daniel laughed bitterly.

I nudged him in the ribs.

"You guys talk, I'll go get Bree. If she's calmed down by then," I sighed.

I slipped out of the kitchen and put on my warm boots. Waddling out the door, I trudged through the snow.

I found Bree a few blocks down sitting on one of the swings at a park. Her hair fell to her shoulders in gorgeous waves.

"Looks like you might be due for a haircut," I smiled at her weakly.

She grunted and kicked snow at me. The news was a slap to the face for her; I could only imagine the amount of disrespect she'd felt.

"Look I'm sorry, Bree. Really I am.." I said, fiddling with the edge of my dress.

She peered up from the snow, giving me a blank look.

"Lex..", she began, but held her tongue. Bree was deep in thought.

It was better to tell her how I felt now than to drag her along. Nothing is worst than being left in the dark about something. But I just couldn't bring myself to do it, not now anyway.

"Are you going to stay out in the cold like this?," I smiled, hoping to change the mood around.

A grin spread on her face. 

"I guess not," she replied, getting off the swing, she walked ahead of me, her mind shrouded in thought.

We walked back to the house, making small conversation. The walk back wasn't as awkward except for the few loud gaps of silence between us.

Daniel was in deep thought on the stoop.

"What's wrong?" I asked him, as Bree and I approached the steps.

He glanced up at me, his face grew cold, "Why'd you run off like that in this weather for her?"

It was then I started to notice how jealous he was, but there wasn't anything for him to be jealous of.

"Listen, Bree is my friend before anything else. There's nothing for you to worry about!" I raised my voice, growing agitated.

"Look I was just worried about you," he sighed.

"Maybe you don't need to worry about her. I've taken care of her fine by myself," Bree scoffed.

I rubbed my temples,"I can't deal with this right now."

Sharp pains erupted throughout my body. My back began to ache, and my stomach was tingling with the slightest bit of movement the child did inside me.

They bickered back and forth. I felt a warm liquid pour down my legs. Confused I stared at the wet front of my dress.

"Bree," I called for her. "I think my water broke?"

She stopped arguing with Daniel, "Shit.."

My legs felt weak and the pain in my stomach grew. I sank down in the snow, my vision was fading. Bree knelt beside me as Daniel stood over me. They were saying something, but it was all muffled.

Everything went black.

I struggled pulling my eyes open. I could hear a faint wailing, the fluorescent lights were bringing pain to my eyes.

"She's up!" A voice cheered.

My vision cleared up. The room looked familiar. Bree sat on the side of my bed holding something wrapped in a yellow blanket.

"Hey babe, how you feeling?" Daniel smiled, walking into the room, he kissed me on my forehead.

I inhaled the musky, luring scent on the collar of his button down shirt. Sitting up I realized my stomach was back to it's original state, flat.

"What happened.. Where are we?" I asked, feeling slightly light headed.

Daniel leaned back against the wall, shoving his hands in his pocket, "We're at my parents house. Being exact we are in the guest room."

"We needed a empty place to put you in just in case you did start screaming.." Bree trailed off. "So Daniel offered this place since everyone left and won't be back till tomorrow."

I nodded slightly, "Where is it?"

"She's right here did you want to hold her?" Bree said, her eyes glistened even in the bit of darkness.

I nodded. There was was a slight ache in the back of my head.

Bree stood from her chair, and placed the bundle of joy in my arms. She suddenly came to life, wriggling in my arms.

Her skin was a slightly darker shade of bronze compared to mine. The cap on her head was falling of, letting the small curls of light brown hair out the sides. She had rosy cheeks, with a cute button nose, nice thin lips, and her eyes were in the shape of almonds.

"She's beautiful.." I breathed.

Bringing her close to my face, I pressed my lips to her temple. She was of my own flesh and blood. It came to me, right then I knew what I wanted to name her.

"I decided on what to name her. Athena, I want her name to be Athena," I declared.

"I like it," Daniel grinned.

Nodding to herself in approval, Bree smiled ear to ear, "it's a lovely name."

~ ~ ~ ~

New Years was great. Bree and Daniel managed to stay in each other's presence without chewing one another out, much to my dismay that didn't last long.

I convinced my mom that I'd be taking care of Daniel's baby sister.

For a while I breast fed Athena. Daniel bought me a breast pump, making it easier on me to feed Athena without the nipping. It took a load off me.

"Lex, Giovanna asked for you.. We've put it off as long as possible," Bree mumbled, watching me feed Athena.

I felt a shiver go up my spine. It was long past due. I fretted this day.

"I'll leave tonight," I grumbled. "Can you put Athena to bed?"

"Sure, anything for you. Take my car," Bree smiled, taking Athena from my arms.

Cleaning myself up, I picked through draw of what to wear. I pulled a black shirt on, and grey pants over my lingerie. I flat ironed my hair bone straight, and used a bit of makeup.

Strolling into my room, I carried my boots in hand to keep from making noise. I leaned into Athena's crib and gave her a peck on the cheek.

I saw Daniel on the way out, I gave him a warm hug. Passing Bree downstairs I motioned her to follow me outside.

"What's up?" She asked.

"There's three bottles I left upstairs for Athena. one for lunch and two for dinner, change her in four hours. I'll see you later," I said, kissing Bree on the cheek, leaving a red mark.

Sliding into the car, I pulled off and drove down the snow covered road. As I drove I mulled over my situation with Daniel and Bree.

Biting at my lip, I gripped the steering wheel tightly. My knuckles ached slightly. I was sitting in Giovanna's driveway. Fearful of stepping foot into her papaya colored house.

Exhaling loudly, I tried to hype myself up, "Alexandra, you got this.. J-just go in there a—"

The rest of the sentence was caught in my throat. I couldn't do it.

Unbuckling my belt, I stepped out of the car. Shoving my hands in my pocket, I dug my nails into my thigh, as I approached the door. I'd just go in there and tell her the deal was off, simple.

Ringing the doorbell I looked down at the faded "welcome" mat.

I didn't feel welcome at all.

"Who Is it," a voice sang behind the door.

The hairs on my arm stood,it wasn't Giovanna, but it sounded awfully familiar, "Me.."

"Me, who?" the voice giggled.

She was playing with me.

"Alexandra," I barked.

I could hear the door being unlocked from the inside.

I was certainly greeted with a surprise.

Alyssa stood clad in a bright pink bra with bright green, glossy heels on. She chose to allow her prick to swing freely. Her dick had grown since I last seen it or her.

I felt the urge to run, but my legs wouldn't obey me.

Yanking me in by my shirt, she shoved me against a wall.

"I missed you baby, didn't you miss me?" She snickered.

Giovanna turned the corner, unlike Alyssa she was completely naked. Closing the door she strutted over towards us.

Her skin glistening with water. The fat buds she had as nipples stood at attention. Giovanna was trimmed neatly, a single strip of hair resided on her mouth watering mound.

"I'm glad you could make it," she purred. "Here lets have a drink before we get started."

I gulped, "Actually, we're keeping the baby ourselves so this isn't necessary, but thank you."

I grew nervous as she studied me, she finally spoke, " I insist."

We all sat down at the table, sipping glasses of white wine. I jumped when Alyssa slid her hand up my leg. Forcing her hand down into my panties I tried keeping my composure.

"Let your cock slide out of you," Alyssa demanded.

Feeling her hold on me I obeyed her. She took me into her hands, and squeezed me slightly. I dropped my glass letting a moan escape my mouth. She caressed my length lovingly, but kept a firm hold.

"I-I think I should go," I strained, trying to stand up.

"You're not going anywhere," She snarled. "Alyssa grab her!"

I tumbled out of the chair from Alyssa's hold and darted for the door. My semi hard prick was pressed against my thigh. 

Something heavy latched onto my back. Falling onto my face, I grunted, kicked and screamed. I saw a lock of golden curls out of the corner of my eye. I knew instantly that Alyssa had thrown herself onto me.

"Get off me you Bitch!" I spat, shouldering Alyssa square in the jaw.

"I like it when you call me names!" Alyssa chuckled.

Pinning my arms behind my back, I felt a stabbing pain in my thigh. I let out a blood gurgling scream. Giovanna knelt in front of me, holding a cloth, she pried open my mouth and tied it behind my head. Alyssa tightened her grip forcing tears from my eyes.

In the back of my head I hoped for Bree to appear and save me like she usually would. No luck.

They tried pulling me to my feet, but a kick to the face proved I wasn't going anywhere without a fight.

"I love fighters!" Giovanna growled.

I groaned in pain, as Alyssa pulled me by my hair.

Dragged into a dimly lit room I started to shake. Giovanna tugged at my shorts, as I kicked to get her away from me. Her heavy boobs jiggled as she fought with me.

Pulling my hands above my head Alyssa tore at my shirt. She ripped a sleeve of my shirt, and a huge slit up the middle of it. The tear displayed my sheer blue bra and my hardened nipples.

I whimpered softly, as she tore off my bra and what was left of the shirt.

Pulling my panties down my ankle Giovanna stared at my growing prick.

"Look how big she is.. I wonder how she tastes," Giovanna grinned, licking her lips hungrily.

Alyssa wrapped my wrist with chains, and closed shackles around each ankle. I tried moving away from her touch as she smoothed her hand up my stomach, but the shackles held me in place.

I felt Giovanna wrap her cold lips around the end of me. Bucking my hips, I moaned around the cloth. Alyssa removed the gag and sat on my face.

"Eat my ass," she demanded me.

I couldn't bring myself to do anything so degrading. She firmly squeezed my nipple, I screamed into her crotch. They were so sore from breast feeding Athena.

I flicked my tongue at her tight pucker.

She cooed with delight,"More Fuckmeat, more."

Alyssa was bent on debasing me.

I closed my eyes tightly, as I fed my tongue into her clammy passage. It was such a tight fit.

"Oh—Yes!" Alyssa crowed.

I moaned slightly at Gio's hands wrapped around my tool.

Wrapping her hand in my hair, Alyssa gripped it tightly, as she rode my face. My tongue stabbed into her tightening asshole.

I soon found myself thrusting my tongue of my own will.

She howled in pleasure as her quivering hole hugged my serpent of a tongue. Her juices flowed down onto my mouth. Withdrawing my tongue from her depths, I clamped my mouth onto her fat, delectable, pussy lips.

I could feel in between my own legs moisten.

"She's at least sixteen inches," Gio said, I could hear the smile spreading on her face.

Alyssa cried out in surprise. Shoving my tongue deep she clawed at my hair. Pumping in and out, I worked her nice and deep.

"Ah—Oh Gawd. Fuckmeat, your such a good bitch. More, oh dear Gawd, more!" She begged, rutting her hips.

I tongue fucked her with all my might. She couldn't take it anymore. Her body bucked, she gripped my hair for dear life.

After coming down from her mind blowing orgasm, she moved from off my face, and shifted downward to suckle at my left nipple. working the right with one of her hands, I groaned at the slight nibbling she did.

Alyssa stopped sucking at my nipple and stood to the side. Giovanna hefted me up slightly in the air by my waist, but kept my back on the floor. I stared up at her mammoth sized beast. It was thick and veiny. Much thicker than Robin, but they were about the same length.

I opened my mouth to protest. Before I could utter a word, she shoved herself home, to the hilt. I cried out in pain, as she tore into me.

"Such a tight body!" She hissed, pumping into me. Rutting her hips, she burrowed her frow, keeping a steady pace.

I could feel my resistance fading slowly. My pain turning into pleasure. Her thick cock filled me, hitting my G-spot, She forced soft moans from within me.

"The dirty slut likes it," Giovanna cackled, continuing to plow into my clamping depths.

I could feel my self tighten around her swelling member. My breathing turned shallow and my eyes rolled into the back of my head. Releasing loud moans my mouth was agape.

Waves of pleasure crashed over me, I screamed silently, as I climaxed.

Continuing to viciously stab into me, Giovanna slammed her thick prick in with a hard thrust.

Her green eyes gleamed with satisfaction, as she filled me. Jets of warm spunk painted my tight folds, pouring out around her thick monster.

Alyssa moved closer to me. I allowed my curiosity to get the better of me. Turning my head slightly, to my disarray she was stroking her cock. A thick rope of her jizz covered my chest. She continued pumping, several strings landed in my hair, and on my face.

Lowering me onto the floor, Giovanna withdrew herself. Panting, I felt light headed.

"Clean me off," Giovanna growled.

I didn't respond.

A devious grin spread on Alyssa's face. She walked over to the far wall to the left. I was still trying to gather my bearings, catching my breath was proving to be difficult.

She returned with a rubber ball gag, and rope. I pressed my lips tightly together and balled my hands into fist. I fought as much as I could, but It was shown useless.

Drool escaped around the gag as it rested in between my teeth. She removed the chains and replaced them with rope. Alyssa tied my hands behind my back. I cried out in pain around the pink ball when she tightened the ropes.

Flipping me onto my stomach, Alyssa propped me up. My chest pressed to the cold tiled floor with my ass raised in the air.

"Gio, bring me the kindle stick!" She barked.

I flinched at the tone of her voice.

Taking the stick from Giovanna she waved the stick in my face. She began walking behind me, I twisted my head to see what she was doing.

Taking a swing with the stick she brought it down hard on my ass. I screamed in burning pain. 

More drool poured onto the floor. Giovanna watched with glazed over eyes, her drooling cock head slowly oozed making a small puddle on the ground.
