 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2017.

This story is a direct sequel to "The Sisters of V'Gedra" on my Author page. Highly recommended that you read that story first. Readers of "Surfacing" will recognize more from this setting but this and "V'Gedra" can stand alone. 

Part One contains reluctant/dubious consent. Part Two contains erotic horror and straight horror, though this is still primarily a fantasy epic and tragedy. This is one of my most intense stories as it is the backstory for a character who has both suffered and caused a great deal of suffering over a very long existence: the Valsharess in "Surfacing."

Added note: "Drowh" is equivalent to "Drow," and not a typo. It is intended to convey an older dialect for the same people seen in my main story. 

Thank you for reading.

*****

Ishuna: Part One

It was early morning now; the preparations and activities had been going on through the cool of the night. The sky was a light blue and the Sun not yet scalding. The walls had lightened to show the mix of reds and oranges within the stone, brightening all shadows as more figures filled the courtyard. 

Ishuna wore a sky-blue gown and a spider pendant, its abdomen formed from a dark amethyst, the rest of it the brightest silver, and her presence complimented the grace and beauty intended to honor the Queen and her General-Consort. As the Queen's sister and Royal Seer, she and all these others were dressed in vibrant color for this occasion.

Ishuna frowned a bit, looking around.  All but one.

There was a scarred Man of Zauyr, a Deathwalker wearing his drab grey robes who stood as the exception. Taib was new, only recently invited to be a resident at the Queen's Court, and thus far he kept his distance from most others unless he was called by the Queen's Consort. Even this moment Taib stood still within the crowd, as if he was not really there but an occasional trick of the eye. What was not a trick, Ishuna knew, were his hands and face as they gradually turned as dark as her own in the rising sunlight. They had been pale as the Moons under lamplight —even paler than the small group of Noldor representatives—just hours ago.

Old memories flickered watching this Deathwalker finish his mystical change in color. He was a fraction of her age, yet she'd once been close to another, long dead and, as she had once claimed, passed into the Greylands. 

Fighting a distressing, empty feeling, Ishuna looked first for Xala Ja'Prohn, her personal Captain and bodyguard, and saw the Drowh mage-warrior where she was supposed to be: standing apart and observing all the courtyard. Xala's solid, firm presence cancelled out Taib's eerie stillness and Ishuna breathed out and relaxed just as the "groom" and his guest of honor joined the guests in the Grand Courtyard.

"Thank you for being here today, Lord Indrath," Cris-ri-phon said, briefly making eye contact with Ishuna as they passed. The Sorcerer-General acknowledged her, nodding his head, but continued speaking to his guest. "Your presence and that of Jennyn, each standing with us will send a strong signal of unity to Queen Yivon when we need it most."

He could have spoken in Zauyrian, not Drowh, Ishuna noted. She figured Cris wanted certain ears to hear that. Her heart beat harder beneath the spider pendant as the ethereal Lord glanced at her, but then slowed again as he continued on his way. She stared at their backs as they moved toward the throne.

Those two important guests had only been in V'Gedra for a day. The Lord of the Dargevold North had arrived quietly and without pomp, with very few servants, invited and welcomed by Cris-ri-phon and Innathi. The second one, Jennyn, had arrived entirely alone on a red sorrel horse, Ishuna heard, found standing in one of the Palace gardens as even the Queen and General-Consort had seemed surprised at the new arrival.

Ishuna wondered how many guests here knew anything about these two, and what good it would do?

If they know anything, it's precious little,  she thought with a hint of resentment at the secrets Innathi had been keeping for well over two centuries, ever since their Queen-Mother had died.

******

Ishuna had been called to a private meeting chamber only the previous evening and introduced formally to Lord Indrath, of the North East at Dargevold, and to "Jennyn"—no title—of Break Water, very far to the South and West. Only then was Ishuna informed of their purpose on the morrow, as representatives of the farther lands of Elves joining Queen Yivon's token emissaries, and only a bit more.

Queen Innathi had known of Indrath's existence thanks to their Queen-Mother, but that education was not meant for the younger sister, long ago deemed weakened and unstable by her unwelcome, mystical Sight. Ishuna was unsure if Innathi had known about Jennyn beforehand; perhaps her sister had just been skilled at hiding the fact, and Jennyn did not speak one way or the other about it.

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Seer Ishuna," Lord Indrath said with an elegant bow. "I will be the master of ceremony who will conduct the Human marriage ritual for the General-Consort and your Queen."

His speech should have been strange to her ears, but it was not. No one translated for Indrath, and she understood what he said. Yet Ishuna also had the sense he was not truly "speaking" Drowh, as Cris-ri-phon could. Their communication held true within its proper context and without cultural stumbles, though she could not sense the use of blatant translation spells so she did not understand where his words were coming from.

Perhaps there was a relic or brooch somewhere which provides that understanding when one is near him? 

Her own internal reply as her eyes covered him from head to toe was a little less prudent than it should have been. 

If there is, there aren't many places for him to hide it.  

Other than being intensely beautiful, Indrath did not look like a ruler. His skin was like perfect bronze, his long hair a deep, auburn red. His eyes were like emeralds, and his Elven features were different and exotic enough for one not to assume he was simply one of the Brown Elves of V'Gedra—a hybrid child of Noldor and Drowh descent—for they would be wrong. Indrath's beauty held a strange, ancient quality about it, not something so recent as the desert's displaced, border-bred children.

This Lord wore no jewelry or adornment which might hint at someone of great status as he instead displayed all of his enticing form from the waist up, bare and unconcerned. Conversely, he covered everything from the waist down with a heavy, leather sarong, cut and draped to make the viewer want to see just a little more, as if he was on a bed with the silk sheets slipping to expose him as he turned over. One could not even glimpse Indrath's feet, and his steps were unnaturally quiet.

Ishuna looked at Cris-ri-phon. "Lord Indrath to conduct the ceremony? Why not a shaman of Zauyr, as it is a Human ritual?"

"Because Lord Indrath is willing," the Sorcerer-General replied with a respectful bow to the Northern Elf. "And I believe it is good for Innathi's people to witness, even more so than my own."

Ishuna glanced down at Innathi's middle and back up. Her elder Sister-Queen subtly shook her head, the Seer's tawny eyes meeting that bold, scarlet crimson. They still had not formally announced the Queen was pregnant, and only the three of them knew.

"I see," the younger sister said. "Less doubt of the legitimacy of the oath?"

"Indeed," Lord Indrath agreed with a warm smile that set her heart racing, much to her surprise. "Less concern over property and heirs when it is legitimate."

Oddly, Queen Innathi smiled at him and inclined her head. "Exactly."

Has she told him?  

With a swallow, Ishuna looked to the other strange Elf next to distract them. "And Jennyn of Break Water?"

This one was unnerving to Ishuna, more so even than the Deathwalker Taib, and she had spent far longer studying the details of Indrath than the second guest of honor. Jennyn could have been male or female, but at least was clearly Elven in shape, if not in feel. Jennyn was bald with very long ears, longer than Drowh or Noldor—or even Indrath, who possessed longer than average ears of his own—and in her eyes were shifting, green-brown irises giving the strange impression that the color could change in either direction at any time, perhaps that the borders of color did not mean much at all.

The head, face, and full arms of the South Western representative were bare, the rest covered with extremely simple, undecorated robes of earthen beige. The rough cloth was cut in such a way that the presence of breasts or hips groin which might answer the true sex of the guest was completely masked. Though Ishuna tried not to stare even now, she was sure she witnessed swirling colors within the muted, drab skin, shifting subtly from blue to green to yellow... and red...?

What are you? Are you even an Elf or do you wear a mask? 

Based solely on the slow, subtle tilt of the head as Jennyn looked at her, studied her and then Indrath, and which strongly reminded Ishuna of her Mother, the young Seer would take from that point on to thinking of Jennyn as female.

"I offer blessed witness to all my children in time of need," she said, her voice abnormally low as she bowed first to Innathi, then to Ishuna. "In honor of your Mother and Father who could not be here."

Her voice struck them all deeply, even the only Human here. There was an open sound as Jennyn spoke in a language certainly not Drowh, yet as with the Ice Lord, Ishuna could understand it. It almost felt to Ishuna as if Jennyn's very words contained small threads of the bald Elf's aura, which in turn demonstrated an unlimited patience and peace. These words landed on her ears and Ishuna could not help but listen. It had made the desert Seer envious on some deep level, and perhaps her sister, too... 

"Yes, our Queendom shall remember our Queen-Mother Alyarra for all time," Innathi said, her back straightened and she reached to hook her arm in Cris's. "Thank you, Jennyn."

"And what of your Father?" Indrath asked curiously, arching a brow at the two Queen's Daughters, as if to challenge them to recall this. "Will the Queendom remember his name?"

Ishuna had seen Innathi's expression then, read it, and the younger Qu'eesan had shown her own dismay before blurting her thought.

"You know his name! Mother told you, and you never told me?"

"He wishes to be forgotten," Innathi told both her and the prodding Indrath. "Mother said he never wanted to return to V'Gedra, and that you and I would never be enough reason to change his mind. So be it. They are both gone in any case."

Jennyn had looked between Ishuna and Innathi and chose to speak her last words for the night. "Wruzdiin is not gone from his body yet. He has been banished into the desert by your Mother."

"How did you know that?" Innathi asked accusingly.

"What?" Ishuna rounded on her. "She's right?!" 

Indrath looked at Cris-ri-phon with amused sympathy as the sisters began to fight on the eve of the Sorcerer-General's wedding.

******

Somehow, after waiting past the first flare-up, the Ice Lord and the Sorcerer convinced the two deadlocked sisters that compromise could wait for another time. Now it was the morning of the wedding, and it had come far too quickly for Ishuna. 

Innathi was outside the Palace now, riding on Jennyn's red horse—one of four magical gifts of protection in place for the wedding—and Ishuna knew her bold, older sister would enjoy being surrounded by her people, showing herself alone in her most beautiful gown and veil. It was a reminder the Virgin Queen still ruled, despite what she was about to do.

The nobility and wealthiest merchant guests of V'Gedra awaited their Queen in the cool of dawn at the Grand Courtyard, along with her Seer and Sorcerer-General. The Lord from Dargevold was ready, and the Elven witnesses of the Western Forest and Break Water presided, as did members of all Five Realms of Zauyr. The tension and anticipation seemed to be rising—coming especially from Cris-ri-phon—and Ishuna soon found her stomach upset after watching his active, changing aura too long.

Ohh, no. No. Careful. 

Quickly Ishuna stepped into the shadow of one pillar to the side of Courtyard to be out of direct sight of the guests, so she looked at no one herself. One hand covered her middle as she held her breath and checked yet again for that deep feeling of hollowed injury, that broken essence leaking out, her anchor somehow "unhooked" as Houda had once described it. Her hands trembled with fear, and in that fear she felt the recent resentment burn within her chest again, rising up from the fight of last night like a hot spring.

Most of my lifetime I have suffered. I began so fragile and weak, untrained because of Mother's willful ignorance of my talents and the banishment of my Father. I am too much like him, I know it! That is why she never accepted me! My dreams were dismissed because of it, leaving me helpless to that boorish attack from a young, Zauyrian sorcerer unable to control himself! 

That Zauyrian Sorcerer was not so young now, and he should be dead of old age like all Humans, even Zauyrian Sorcerer heirs. Yet there he was, standing by her throne as he waited to marry Ishuna's elder sister and breed more children with her!

He still doesn't understand. He never understood what he had truly done to me, for which he has never made amends! He can't have done it again just now, no...I am not so weak anymore! 

Strengthened by her thought, Ishuna breathed out in relief after she nudged a few times with her fingers. Yes. It is gone. 

No nausea, no terror, no intangible bleeding to allow the infecting nightmares and waking illusions which blurred her reality or disrupted the True visions that protected the Queendom through these uncertain times. Ever since Ishuna had meditated all night at Koorul praying for Houda's aid... 

Ever since that night, the injury was gone and it had not returned. Ishuna had never felt stronger, though no doubt enough minds within the Queendom still thought her delicate from so many past whispers. It was just as well, for the younger sister would need all her strength to watch this public symbolic joining, happening now only after the true joining of the unknown had occurred.

Innathi is a young Queen still, not meant to have heirs for centuries according to tradition. Now she is pregnant by a Human Man, a Sorcerer who still keeps his own secret from her. Why is he still alive? How long will he exist? One day, I will See this answer. Innathi said that she will need me. She does not yet understand how much so. 

Exhaling, reaching to touch the amethyst pendant at her throat, she murmured aloud, "I can do this. I will be well. No one can reach into me."

Ishuna had gathered enough strength to step out of the pillar's shadow and be visible to the crowd. To her left and closer to the Arch, standing upon the same elevated pathway as Ishuna, was Jennyn. Standing almost opposite of the hairless, long-eared Elf was Taib with his scarred face. 

They both seemed to be watching her just then. Ishuna frowned in resentment.

I'm not the one who needs watching. I am a mystic like both of you. Try watching the too-bold yet too-beautiful ones like Indrath and Cris. 

Ishuna's thoughts were interrupted as, finally, she heard the distant crowds loitering outside the Palace cheer, followed by the gallop of a horse approaching the ramp to the Archway. The swelling cheer transferred from the gate leading to the streets into the Grant Courtyard itself among the royal guests, and the hoof beats slowed to a loping cantor and then a trot as the guards straightened and stood at attention to welcome their Queen.

Innathi entered the Archway to eager applause, resplendent in flowing red gown and veils, sitting upon the fine, shining mount from the South West. Her hair was done up in complex design with only a few strands out of place from the ride, which actually made her look better, if Cris's reaction was any indication. Ishuna wondered if Indrath would have to reach out and steady the Man. 

Their Queen didn't appear visibly pregnant yet, and her smile glowed even more than the modest spot low in her abdomen, only recently present for those with the knowledge and focus enough to see it. The Deathwalker almost certainly could, Ishuna wagered, better than anyone who had to rely solely on seeing magic with their gaze. If Taib possessed even a fraction of the gift as Huda in his Sight, the new life in the Drowh Queen's belly would be the first thing he'd notice about her.

Seeing no change in his expression, however, Ishuna thought snidely, But perhaps you are not as gifted as Houda, so-called Deathwalker. 

Cris-ri-phon was dressed in his General's dress uniform, a distinct and formal design made up of the colors of Innathi's Queendom—stark black, white, and red—with orange trim harkening to the Third Realm of his Father's bloodline as well as a sash displaying the black and gold scorpion that had become his symbol. She saw him mouth an endearment with her name: 

 "Aia, Innathi." 

The dark-haired Man with eyes the color of steel strode quickly down the stairs opposite of Ishuna, the crowd parting for him so he could help lift his Queen down from her mount using his strong hands. His exaltation was naked on his face, clear for all to see: at last he was allowed to touch her so familiarly in public, and she welcomed him. Accepted him.

"Your Grace, we've been waiting," he said in a rich baritone accustomed to public speech. "And to my heart's joy, now you are here. Our allies have gathered to give their blessing and bear witness to our official union this day. Your people and mine wedded together as surely as you and I shall be." 

Then Cris leaned to whisper something else in her ear, private and playful, and he leaned back with a young glint in his eye as she responded in kind—much to his clear elation. His worship of her Sister-Queen still made the Seer uncomfortable after all these years. Now he had better reason than ever before to adore her, for she had truly joined with him to make a child somehow, when it should have been impossible.

No Human has ever achieved such a thing in these lands, much less expected to receive his first born of a Virgin Queen's womb! Who does he think he is? 

Ishuna stared at the couple, and before she knew it, stared into the near-future, snatching new glimpses as her spider pendant almost seemed to writhe on her chest. 

She will bear him a male heir of his own...who will outlive all living Zauyrian Sorcerers of the Realms, though he will not rule them. 

Frowning she found herself just as soon back in the present. Ishuna reluctantly pushed her thoughts from personal dismay to the broader reach of action, and anticipated reaction. 

Their son will live to adulthood. How will it change our desert and its borders? I cannot imagine it will be as Cris says, that there will be no challenge at all to our pureblood Heir later on, unless the half-Elf is dead. If he is alive when Innathi bears her own Daughter, surely it will cross someone's mind to protest, to use her first child to cause trouble...

After all, Cris's status in their military, in their city as a whole, had increased with his victories in battle, and had even more with this public "wedding." And soon it would increase again when the couple eventually announced the coming of that child in her belly. With success always came jealousy and enemies, and Ishuna along with the rest of the Queendom would have to deal with a half-Human nephew and his powerful Father somehow.
