 I think Iv'e gotten rid of all of the grammatical errors. If not don't hesitate to inform me. I'm harmless. I hope this time there's more of an understanding. It took a while to write with my internship & returning emails to those of my few fans. I cant believe i have fans hehe, thanks for you're support(:

REMEMBER PLEASE PROVIDE ME WITH CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM. ENJOY! 

~ ~ ~ ~

After washing off in the tub with Alyssa, I gotten dressed with the clothes she supplied me.

I wore a purple and black striped sweater, and distressed, faded jeans. Since I was left without a choice but to wash my hair it turned into small individual ringlets.

A slender girl with auburn hair reaching down her back sang, peeking her head through the door, "She's adorable."

"Michelle!" Alyssa chirped. "That's Lexa, our new toy."

She was smiling when the uncanny girl patted her head. There was something off about her. She had ivory skin making her appearance a little ghostly. Despite being lean, her chest had melon sized tits resting upon it. Big brown eyes, pointy ears, and small lips.

Watching the new stranger size me, I waved nervously,"Uh, hi."

"Are you flexible?" She asked bluntly.

I looked at Alyssa skeptical of answering any questions from this new member in the house.

She nudged me in the ribs.

"Ah--yea, I am. Gymnastics and ballet," I laughed sheepishly.

Walking around me in a circle, Michelle stopped and stood behind me out of my sights. Examining my backside she moved closer. Grabbing a fistful of ass, I jumped when she squeezed it. Giving me a little pat she returned as she was, standing in front of me next to Alyssa.

"You guys caught something good I see. I can't wait to break in that ass," she chuckled.

Blinking absently, I was still trying to process what she said. Alyssa moved from her side to mine, holding my hand.

Michelle frowned, lecturing her "Alyssa, don't tell me you got attached. Look the only way you'd have her to yourself is if she bears you a child, understand?"

Alyssa squealed and wrapped her arms around my neck. She gave me a deep kiss, smiling she dragged me off to the kitchen.

There we met Robin and Bree. Eating quietly at the table, I tried to figure out a way to escape. Bree and Robin pulled up a chair at the table. I kept my head down, trying to scarf down my food.

"So, Lex how was I? You know being your first and all," she pointed out.

I mumbled, still eating, "Fuck you, Bree."

Robin cackled, almost choking on her breakfast.

"Bree, come on. The girl is terrified of you now, you've permanently scarred her. Taking her virginity was enough to be scared of people altogether," Robin concluded, continuing to spoon down her cereal.

Robin was right. After that, I don't think my friendship with Bree could be kept together or repaired.

We met at the library. I happened to be studying in a room she reserved. She agreed to share the room with since I didn't know. We were freshmen in high school at the time. There were no friends for me in school besides Bree. But as we gotten older I began to stray from her.

Making new friends, and talking with people my usual timid behavior wouldn't allow. I liked boys, I went out with a few. Yet, it just hadn't felt right. Stepping outside my comfort zone I tried opting out for girls.

They were safe, emotionally and physically. So I thought.

"Hey," Alyssa taunted, pulling at a lock of my hair.

coming out my trance like state, I sputtered, "Oh, hi."

Looking between the two of us, Bree caught suspicion, "You've got to be fucking kidding me."

As a kid Bree was pretty selfish with her toys when it was time to share. I've gotten used to it. But she often didn't like sharing friends either, she made that clear to the new people I'd try to get along with.

I forked down the rest if my eggs, and sipped some of my orange juice. Bree and Alyssa had a stare off as they quietly ate. Robin gathered her bowl and vacated the area. I debated on doing the same.

Finishing off my toast, I arose from the table and placed my dish in the sink. Rushing into the den along with Robin, I watched the flame dance in front of my eyes. I had to find a way out of here, with more of these girls coming in I might have the slightest chance if their all distracted by each other. I wasn't sure of exactly what was my plan, but with any chance given I was ready to get the hell out of here.

"Yo, Lex. Want to play a game? I'm bored, it's one of my favorites. You'll love it," Robin assured.

She lounged about on a brown leather couch. Her hands were up her skirt, stroking her length. A wet spot bled into the top of the Cotton skirt where a bead if her pre was leaking. Robin's tank top was over her breast, exhibiting her hardened nipples.

"No, I rather not. I'm fine here," I replied.

"Alyssa! Make her play with me," Robin whined, pouting like a child who's been truly spoiled.

Alyssa pranced in with a short black, dress, and calf height brown boots. Her golden curls bouncing with each step.

"Bree is having a talk with our mistress. So we both can play," Alyssa smiled, doing a little dance.

She sank down on the couch with Robin.

Robin began, "We're going to play a quick game of wrestling."

"If you say uncle, you loose. It's not that hard," Alyssa added, giggling as she too started stroking her meaty organ to life.

I licked my lips absently, staring at the pearl drop forming at her tip.

"I guess I'll start first. You get two chances," Robin bargained.

Still transfixed to Alyssa's meat, as her hand glided up and down her tool, I mistakenly let my guard down.

Robin slid off the couch and charged me. Tackling me to the floor, she pinned my arms on the side of me with her legs. Her cock dangled over my face.

"Kiss it," Robin demanded me.

I did as ordered and kissed the ridge of her prick. She moaned, bucking slightly. I tried wriggling out of hold of me. A growl grew in her chest at my attempts to escape. Kneeing her in the stomach as she begun to change positions, I got on all fours trying to crawl away. Robin grabbed me by the ankle and yanked me back underneath her.

She was surprisingly strong. Tearing at my pants she struggled to get them around my ankles. Clad in my underwear , despite the sweater I wore, I felt defenseless. Flipping me over, Robin sat on my back. Like a child having a tantrum, I kicked and let out shrill screams. Grabbing my arms she yanked them back.

Gasping in pain, I bit at my lip to keep from saying the safety word. Jerking beneath her, she tumbled to the floor. Taking the chance, I dived on top of Robin. I squeezed at her collar bone. She yelped, jolting at the sensation.

She groaned insensibly, "Uncle, uncle."

I slid off of Robin staggering forward to gather my pants. Heaving I felt hot all over. Suddenly I felt a pair of hands wrap around my hips. Hoisting me in the air, I was slammed on my back. The wind was knocked out of me. I coughed, trying to gather my thoughts catching a glimpse of Alyssa towering over me.

Kneeling down, she rolled me onto my stomach. Gasping I tried clawing myself away by my hands. Laughing at my attempts Alyssa pulled my ass in the air. Peeling my panties off me, down my thighs, she kissed my slit. I moaned instinctively.

She purred, as she pinched at my ass, teasing me, "Your pussy reminds me of a blooming flower. The outer lips are the first petals to blossom. But hiding inside is a showy pink and a mixture if red petals, seeking attention."

Licking a trail up from my slit to the crack if my ass, I gasped sharply. Robin slid off of the couch to hold my head to the cold, wooden floor. Alyssa spread my ass cheek with a hand, bending her head she rimmed my tight pucker with her tongue. Groaning, I thrashed about.

"You know sweetheart, we're hoping to either use you to start breeding, or to convert you into one of us. But it all depends on if you cooperate then we might just give you a choice," Robin breathed.

I felt the weight of her cock resting at my untouched entrance, Alyssa asked Robin innocently, "Ah, Robin. What should I do?"

"No, please! Anything but that," I begged, struggling against Robin's hands that held my face to the floor.

"Your lucky I'm feeling merciful today," she chuckled.

Removing her dick from resting on my tight bud, Alyssa's drove her tool into my cunt.

"Ahh.." I grunted, as she stabbed into me proceeding to force moans out of me.

Withdrawing so suddenly, Alyssa sank back on her heels. Slapping me hard on the cheek of my ass.

"You want more don't you? Tell me you want a cock buried deep inside you!" Alyssa dictated.

"Please," I whispered.

"Please wait?" Robin asked amused.

"Could you please bury your cock in me," I begged, feeling filthy.

Releasing my head, Robin dragged me by my hair to the couch. Alyssa sat on the couch on the other side of the room, stroking her length with both hands. Robin dropped onto the couch, yanking my hair. Getting the hint I knelt between her legs.

Petting my head, Robin relinquished my hair, "Start sucking."

Sighing, I parted my lips. Reaching forward I gave a firm squeeze to Robin's prick. Stroking her slowly, I kissed at her tip, then took her into my mouth.

"Oh.. Fuck," Robin hissed.

"Good mouth she has on her, isn't it?" Alyssa barked a laugh.

My mouth stretched as wide as it could trying to accommodate to Robin's girth. Relaxing my throat, I used her thighs for support while I feed her cock into my esophagus. At the base off her meaty rod I slithered my tongue on the underside of her. She twitched inside of my mouth. Sucking at her dick I used a hand to pump her, meeting me on my way down. While my hand shot up and down along her cock, I bobbed my head sucking at the top half of her.

Her bountiful orbs were being worked by Alyssa's small hands. Milk dripped from her dark red, nipples. Her chest heaved violently.

"I-I'm going to.. Explode," Robin announced.

Drawing her dick from my throat, I worked her wet member with both of my hands. As one moved up and down the other clung to the base of her tightly working in twisting motions. Taking her back into my mouth, she nipped at the entrance of my throat. I slowly took all of her Cock into my throat. Swallowing around her, She lost her mind at the sensation.

"Holy fuck.. Nngh!" She roared, pumping her hips as she held my head tightly.

Kneeling down beside me, Alyssa rubbed my back coaxing me, "What a good girl. That's right take it all, take it all in. Leave no drop behind."

Encouraged by her words I worked my raw, throat. Swallowing the clumpy loads she deposited down my airway and to my stomach. Finally her burst of liquids, slowed to a small stream, tickling the back of my throat. Pulling out of my mouth Robin sighed. Her cock slowly shrinking. Retreating inside her body.

"Geez, you were right Alyssa. She's got a fucking mouth on her alright," Robin chuckled weekly.

Stepping to her feet Alyssa offered me a hand up. Rising from my knees I could feel my thighs drenched with my juices.

Alyssa wrapped her arms around me, bending her neck for a deep, lustful kiss. Sliding one leg around her waist, I myself wrapped my arms around her neck. Pushing off the ground with the other leg, I wrapped that one as well around her waist too. Her cock was stuck between the two of us. Climbing a little higher I positioned myself over her curved dick.

"So eager to please master, h-" her smug words were cut short.

I bounced myself up and down, impaling me with Alyssa's throbbing cock. Letting out a cry I continuously fucked her with all my might.

Spreading her feet apart to get more support, Alyssa gasped out, "Shit... Your snug. But your walls are so hot, and wet."

"More. Please I want more, more, more..." I moaned.

She tightened her hands around me, slamming me down onto her shaft. Her whole dick was hilted inside me.

"Such-a-needy-pussy.." Alyssa grunted as she thrusted into my folds.

My cunt began to make sloshing sounds. Dragging me along her length, she slammed me down. I let out a scream, continuing to fuck her.

Pulling me down onto her aching cock, Alyssa's pulled me into a crushing hug. I came around her cock, while her pulsating dick shot seed deep into my womb. She rutted her hips slowly pulling me off and on her stiff tool.

"Yes, yes. That's it take my seed and bare my children you cum hungry whore," Alyssa groaned.

This load was more than what she shot into me last time. It spilt out around her prick as she continued to rise and lower me down onto her shaft. I panted and she continued to emit wave after wave of hot goo.

Once her flood of cum slowed she lowered me to the floor, and bowed out of my full sheath. Smiling proudly Alyssa kissed me.

She cooed, "We're going to have a family, I can't wait to see them."

"What?" I asked, feeling completely drained.

"She's impregnated you. Now we wait to see if you grow," Michelle sighed, holding Bree underneath her foot. "There's much to talk about get cleaned up and have Bree take you to my quarters."

Bree's face was convoluted with anger and tears ran down her beat red, cheeks.

~ ~ ~ ~

Bree scolded me all through the shower.

Drying me off once I was out of the shower, Bree nagged, "Of all people you fall for Alyssa! I'm your best friend Lex, why couldn't it have been me."

"Bree," I whispered, frowning to myself.

She stopped fluffing my hair with the towel and looked at me in the eyes.

Looking everywhere but in her eyes, I spoke softly, "You took my virginity. But it's not just that, you didn't care. You didn't even check if I was ok."

Bree's voice shrank, "I didn't know that's how you felt. I'm sorry, I just couldn't control myself this time. It's been so long since, well-yea, you know. I fucked anyone, I lost my self."

"We'll what's done, is done. I can't take bake time, not that I would want to."

"Do you regret what you had with me?"

"I-I don't know."

"Don't lie, please don't lie to me Lex. I'll read you if I need to."

"Yes, ok. Yes, I regret letting you fuck me. But it's because you didn't care, I told you already."

"What about with Alyssa?"

"What about her.."

I could tell where this conversation was heading.

"Do you regret letting her fuck you."

"N-no."

Bree sank down to her knees, putting her face in her hands. I knelt next to her reaching out to rub her back. She lunged at me, pulling me into an embrace.

"I'm sorry,Bree. It's just something that lures me to her," I admitted.

Bree's head shot up, she murmured, "She's using her powers, that's how. I'll take you to Michelle, I have to deal with Alyssa."

Hesitantly stepping through the threshold of an old study room, I waited patiently. Michelle stomped through the door, and plopped into a chair behind a desk. Motioning her hand to the chair across from her I sank down into it.

I crossed my legs instinctively, and folded my hands into my lap.

"I'm guessing you'll be joining our family soon. Hooray-hoorah. I am only to inform you of what you'll become, and the creature you'll be giving birth to. As you see Lex, I am certainly not like other girls. This is only my appearance here on earth," she sighed, propping her elbow onto the desk, she rubbed slightly at the back of her neck.

I was ready to believe anything right now. But I was still in disbelief.

"You're not making any sense. Bree isn't from another planet, I know from before she hadn't always had a cock resting between her legs." I explained.

She smiled at me with amusement. Standing from her chair, Michelle ambled towards a bookshelf resting in a dark corner of the room.

"Tell me Lex, what do you know about elixirs? Are you familiar with how they are used, but something tells me you should see for yourself." She babbled, looking through the bookcase carefully.

A shiver went up my spine. Something didn't feel right about her, if there's a good time to act if any it would be now.

Watching her cautiously, I slowly arose to my feet. Edging my way towards the door I could feel my heart thundering in my chest. Looking over my shoulder, I caught my breath. Frozen with fear I stared back at Michelle as she glared at me, making an attempt to escape. Glued to spot in which I stood, in the threshold of the door I shook violently.

"M-my feet," I whispered, trying once again to flee. My legs ignored me despite how frantically I wanted to move them.

"Your body will only respond to the movements I allow or force you to do. I thought we could be friends Lex, I was going to cut you a deal. But seeing as I can't trust you I do believe you blew your chance," she cackled, striding towards me.

"Wait! Please give me another chance. You can trust me, honesty!" I pleaded.

Retrieving a crystal vial filled with purple liquid, Michelle loosened the top. Her pale skin seemed to gain color as she inhaled the scent of the elixir. Prying my mouth open,she tilted my head back, and poured the liquid into my mouth. To my dismay my throat worked to swallow the bitter, but sweet fluid.

"You see these girls have not come here of their own testament. I've recruited them, hindering me able to breed and convert women at a faster pace. They weren't capable of wrapping their mind around what they've become and what they were made for at first, but eventually they came around. It's a fate which has been bestowed upon you," Michelle informed, she leaned in examining my face. "Your body shall adjust to the change over night. Unlike the others you of course will need time to change. There's no doubt your transformation will shock us all."

My stomach turned, and I'd become quickly confused. I felt lightheaded and disoriented. Tucking her arm underneath mine, Michelle held me upright.

Stirring me out of her study, she helped me into a room down the hall. Laying me down onto the single bed resting against the wall. It felt a bit stuffy. She cracked the window above my head, allowing the wind to flow into the room.

"Thank you," I mumbled.

"It's no problem," she muttered. "No really, you're doing me a favor."

Leaving the room Michelle closed the door behind herself. My head lolled about, I felt hot all over. Shivering I felt the breeze from the wind surround my body. I was having trouble keeping my eyes open, they felt heavier than any time they had been. Falling into a tedious slumber, I kicked myself mentally for not escaping when I had the chance.

~ ~ ~ ~

I stirred awake to an owl hooting in the distance. The room was empty except for myself. I noticed I was changed out of my clothes and put into a silk, cream colored, nightgown. It reached just below my knees. My nipples were hard underneath the dress, but where my crotch was there was a prominent tent in my gown.

Shimming out of the dress, I stared blankly at my newly grown member. I felt in between my legs moisten. It had a slight upturn, but barely noticeable. Impressively a bit over twelve inches, possibly as thick as Robin's. The tip of my cock was a salmon pink.

Reaching forward, I gave a firm squeeze to my dick. I moaned sliding my hands up and down my phallus which was now slick with arousal. Pumping faster I ached for release. The cool breeze tickled my shaft, sending a tingle up my spine. Switching positions from laying on my back, I sat up tucking my legs underneath myself, sitting on the heels of my feet.

Stroking my dick slowly, my breaths became short. I was near, close to blowing my top. Closing my eyes I pictured myself taking Bree. A soft moan escaped my lips, as I imagined hammering into her feverishly. Having her call my name as I fucked her without mercy. I could almost feel her smooth skin brush against mine.

The knot within my stomach was released. I came, biting at my lip to keep from screaming out. I felt thick globs spatter against my skin. My warm white goo plastered my thighs, I moaned feeling more of my girl cum escape my shaft. I continued to douse the bed and myself in my dense spunk. I sighed in relief as my purging tool had subsided.
