 Ciao, its been awhile huh?

Sorry this new internship has been kicking my ass lately. New transitions in life take some adjustment. I guess I don't have an editor anymore since mine fell off the face off this planet, but I'll try to press on. Please give your honest opinion, criticism will be a tremendous help as of now (:

~ ~ ~ ~

Bree shook me awake, stubborn as I was I tried to stay sleep. Covering my head with my pillow.

Bree whined pinching at my ass, "Lex, come on. You said today you'd come to see about my sorority."

"Five more minutes mom," I muttered, still in a daze.

Bree stopped pinching at me, I heaved a sigh in relief. Residing Into my once peaceful slumber, I smiled at my small victory.

I felt a cool breeze hit my legs. Shaking, I groaned realizing my five minutes were up and Bree had yanked my blanket off me. Using my hand I blindly searched for the blanket. Sprinkles of liquid splattered against my legs. I jerked awake then, throwing the pillow aside I slid out of the bed my heart nearly beating a mile a minute.

I hated water, I just did. A bad childhood experience in the ocean was enough for me to stray away from large bodies of water and rain altogether.

Bree smiled apologetically. Her dark skin glistened in the light if the sun, creeping through the window. Her jet black hair was in a messy bun as she stood clad in her black shorts, topless. Giving me a nice view of her ample breast. Displaying her brown, pierced nipples. I turned away immediately.

"Why aren't my you wearing a shirt?" I stammered, feeling flustered.

"Hm is something wrong? Of all people I thought you'd appreciate the show," She said smugly.

I'm sure by now my face was a dark shade of red. After awkwardly moving pass Bree, I rushed into the bathroom. Taking a quick shower I threw on my clothes.

Staring at my reflection in the mirror I nodded in agreement with my choice. I wore a purple cropped shirt that showed off my flat stomach, and a black, ruffled mini skirt. My skin popped with those color against me.

My bronze skin was natural, but I often tanned to keep it up. I had light hazel eyes and my hair was cut shoulder length, a warm brown with dyed blonde tips. Cupping my tits I frowned at myself in the mirror. I wasn't as blessed as Bree was. I shrugged, turning to throw my dirty clothes into the hamper.

I crept out the bathroom. Tiptoeing to the kitchen the wood groaned under my feet. Bree stood in the hallway with her arms crossed.

"Come on already. Don't worry about breakfast, I'll fix you some once we get there," she grumbled, grabbing me by my wrist.

We flew down the stairs, and out the door. Barley giving Bree's mom a chance to wave us good morning. Shoving me in the car, Bree jumped into the driver seat. We pulled off hastily.

The radio played smooth music as we trailed down the road. Sinking back into the leather seat, I started nodding off when we pulled up. Slowly dragging myself out of car, we walked around the mansion sized sorority house.

It had an old, historic look. The walls were made of cobblestone, and a garden was planted all around the edges of the house.

Rapping on the wooden door, Bree waited impatiently with her arms crossed. I suppressed a groan. It was winter break, I just wanted to sleep today. I'd completely forgotten it was freezing outside. I was trembling, shoving my hands between my legs to keep warm. The door clicked open.

"Bree!" A blonde girl squealed, pulling her into a bear hug.

Bree begged trying to get out if the hug, "Ah, Alyssa get off me."

The blonde, Alyssa, stood frozen. Staring at me intently with her shimmery blue eyes. I would have been embarrassed being caught with my hands up my skirt, but I was freezing my ass off. I turned my head from her glare, flushing profusely.

"Oh, she must be cold. You guys come in already," Alyssa proposed.

Pushing past the two, I huddled in front of a fire flickering with life. I sank down to my knees and began wiggling my fingers in front of the fire.

I let out a long sigh of relief, my fingers finally started to get feeling in them.

"You know I can see your pink panties from here," A voice rang.

Looking over my shoulder I stared at a Ginger sitting awkwardly on a chair. I shrugged and returned my attention to the fire blazing in front of me. My only focus was getting warm, nothing else mattered. With that said I hardly noticed when Bree dropped down next to me. I jumped a little when she poked me in the side.

"I think I might have something that'll fit her. I could look for a few sweaters but I can't promise any pants," The ginger announced to Bree. "She has me beat in that department."

I was slender, but with wide hips and a plump ass. The only asset I can be proud of besides my eyes and my cheekbones.

"That's fine thanks," Bree smiled at her warmly.

Nudging me in the side, Bree grinned widely at me, "Here lets get you some beer. I could use one my self."

I nodded, taking her offer. We trudged out if the din and through the halls. The kitchen was spacious, almost like the ones you'd see on a cooking show. Grabbing two beers from the fridge Bree rushed me upstairs and into her room here at the sorority.

Loosening the caps off the beers, we drank our bottles bone dry. Rimming the bottle with my tongue, I tilted the bottle upside down. Coaxing another tangy drop of liquid into my mouth. Tossing our our bottles Bree and I awaited Alyssa's return, sitting patiently on the edge of her bed.

"So do you still kiss like a dog," Bree laughed.

"It's been five years," I countered.

Inching closer, Bree forced me down into the bed. She smirked smugly as I squirmed under breathe her. Pinning my arms over my head, she pressed her lips against mine. Bree's tongue slithered inside my mouth. I stopped struggling and left myself to the mercy of Bree.

Sliding her hands up my side, she moaned as our tongues intertwined. Darting around inside each others mouths. As one hand pinned my arms above my head the other fondled my tits under my shirt. I'd given her easier access since I haven't worn a bra. Sitting up our mouths separated letting a trail of spit drip onto my lips. Bree pulled my shirt over my head and tossed it aside.

Kneading my nipples I groaned, tossing my head side to side.

"Like this huh? What a whore, but I'll make sure you can only be my whore," Bree chuckled.

My head was swimming. She'd sunken to the floor, pulling my panties down around my ankle. Bree started kissing a trail up my thigh. I felt a familiar tingle in the pit of my stomach. A hoarse moan escaped my lips as her mouth latched onto my mound. I gripped her by her bun as she sucked, and bit at my clit. The knot in my stomach loosened.

I covered my mouth with my hand as I bellowed, climaxing around Bree's tongue.

"I think your ready," Bree mumbled to herself.

Standing up she strode across the room, scavenging through a drawer. I propped myself up on my elbows, watching her. Turning around Bree had a wide grin on her face with her hands behind her back.

"Turn over," she demanded.

Complying, I flipped over with my stomach flat on the bed. Grabbing my wrist, something cold closed around them both with a clink, leaving my arms pinned behind my back.

"What in the h-" before I could finish I was greeted by a hard smack to my ass. I yelped, helplessly.

"No talking. You're only to talk when spoken to," Bree growled.

"Bree stop!" I pleaded.

Bree grunted, bringing down her hand,punctuating each syllable, " What-don't-you-under-stand."

I whimpered, my ass was stinging. But I could feel my thighs covered in my juices of arousal. I could hear Bree unzip her pants slowly. Looking over my shoulder I stared in horror. She was sporting a ten inch dick, stroking it to life.

Gripping me by the hips, Bree used a hand to align herself.

I tried appeasing her again, "Bree, please."

Ignoring me she thrusted her hips. Stretching me slowly. I writhed underneath her body. Bree stopped at my hymen.

"I'm your first?" I could hear the amusement in her voice. "This makes it all the sweeter."

Without another word, pulling out almost completely, Bree rammed her cock home. My mouth formed a perfect "O". Tears burned my eyes, threatening to spill over. She continued thrusting feverishly, her nails digging into my skin.

My toes curled, I moaned loudly as another orgasm was forced out of me. Pumping her dick in and out of my snatch at a steady pace, I felt her lengthy member swell inside of me.

The room was filled with the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh. Bree's hips collided with my ass at each thrust.

The door swung open. Peering over at the door I saw the ginger and Alyssa stand in the doorway. Embarrassed, I blushed at being seen vulnerable. Grunting, Bree began to thrust harder. Ejecting low moans I felt myself get hot over being caught in such a lewd act.

"You like this don't you, you dirty slut," Bree panted. "S-so, you're so incredibly tight."

With those few words she slammed into my cervix. I screamed as my pussy milked Bree's intruding member for every last drop of her seed. Smacking my ass, she moved her hips as her girl dick continued to spray my insides a frothy white. Pulling out with a "POP" Bree deposited some of her cum onto my back and in my hair. Out of breath I panted. Feeling used and filthy I sobbed silently into the bed.

"Robin, Alyssa, just on time. Want a go?" Bree offered the girls.

I made a subtle whimpering sound. The ginger raced forward with a considerable tent in her dress. Pulling me up to my feet by my hair, the ginger smiled.

Hiking her dress up, she revealed her eight inch dick standing at attention. Sitting on the edged of the bed, the ginger, Robin, wasted no time in giving orders.

Smiling dubiously, Robin smirked, "Ride me, you filthy bitch."

Biting my quivering lip to silence my sobs, I planted my feet on each side of her thighs. I knelt, slowly guiding my self down her stiff tool I groaned. Breathing heavily I stopped not even close to the base if her monolithic monster. She wasn't as big as Bree, but she made up for it in her sheer thickness.

Grabbing me at the hips, Robin slammed me down around her cock. I let out a silent scream.

"Ahh..." Robin crooned. Pursing her lips, she hefted me off and on her throbbing dick.

I held silent as long as I could possibly stand. The strength I had managed to muster wavered. As she lowered me down her thick prick I emitted a soft moan.

"The little whore likes it," Alyssa claimed, gleefully. "Robin, stop being such a hog. I want a turn at our new toy."

As she continued pumping her thick member into my hot gash, Robin hissed through her teeth at Alyssa, "Go-Fuck-Bree. I-Want-Her-To-My-Damn-Self."

I closed my eyes and threw my head back. Robin must have found my spot. I gyrated my hips and moaned lustfully. Meeting her thrusts each time down, Robin took to one of my nipples. Gasping sharply, I tightened around her cock. My spasming twat squeezed at her dick, coaxing a climax out of me she continued stabbing into my snatch.

Suckling at my salmon colored nipple, Robin began to rock her hips slower. But she soon began to drive her thick organ into me harder. A familiar tingle in my crotch started building up again.

"It's-been-too-long," She crowed.

Every thrust was conducting an lewd, wet, slurping sound. I squealed, yet another climax was strained out of me. She finally erupted. Filling my womb with her hot girl spunk. Slumping forward I panted, breathless, as Robin continued to douse my insides with her white goo. Unable to contain it all, since my previous filling with Bree, it leaked in a vast torrent.

"Well Robin was always the one beside Michelle to cum the most," I heard Bree utter in amazement.

Resting my chin on her shoulder, Robin grabbed a fistful of my hair. Pulling my head back, I opened my mouth to let out a groan in pain. Interrupted when she smashed her lips to mine. Using her tongue to venture the inside of my mouth. After a full minute of swabbing saliva, Robin ended our kiss leaving a plentiful amount of her pit in my mouth. Humiliated, I swallowed it quietly.

"I like this one," she approved, stroking my hair.

I began to lose consciousness.

~ ~ ~ ~

Groaning I awoke to Alyssa sucking at my neck. I noticed that the other girls had left the room and the handcuffs around my wrist were taken off.

"Ah, you're finally awake," she purred. " I was worried I wouldn't be able to have any fun."

I began, but I was interrupted when she pulled to my knees by my hair, "Wha-"

She loomed over me, her prick obviously poking out if her unzipped jeans. Her creamy white mounds resting upon her chest. Alyssa wasn't as blessed either, her chest was even smaller than mine. She had the appeal of an innocent southern bell. My mouth watered at the site of her perky, brown areolas.

Smiling she pressed her drooling cock head against my cheek. Smearing precum onto my face. Her stiff organ wasn't as thick as Robin, or as long as Bree. But it was upturned like it was made for fucking.

"Wait you don't have to...mmph!" I began to explain, but i was to be cut off when Alyssa grabbed the back of my head and stuffed her dripping cock into my mouth.

Holding my head tight the dick sporting girl pushed her hips forward slowly. Filling my mouth with her throbbing cock meat, I gagged as I felt her touch at the back of my throat.

"Ahhh...." She moaned, clawing her hands through my hair.

Flailing my arms around, she forced her cock into my throat. Stretching it to accommodate her intruding member. My face was pressed against her pelvis. Rutting her hips once, twice, she let out an animalistic scream.

"Fuck.. Yes,yes!" Alyssa exclaimed.

My crotch began to feel aflame, spurred off of her melodic voice. I was getting hot off of being raped, what in the hell is wrong with me? I shouldn't be enjoying this, my body was betraying me.

I used one hand to pinch and roll my nipple, as the other hand attended my clit. Moaning around her cock, I felt a cool spurt of liquid at the back of my throat. I gave an eager suck at her veiny prick, making her groan in approval.

"Nngh...you like that don't you?" Alyssa asked, pumping her hips.

I moaned in agreement.

She grunted, jabbing her lengthy member into my throat, "Lets see how much you can take."

I was sucking and moaning zealously. Shutting my eyes, I savored the taste of her pre. Hauling my head back along her dick, I felt her nip at the opening. She'd then slam back into my throat. I took it with ease despite it being my first time.

I eagerly took her cock into my throat as she began to really start fucking my face. Inserting a digit into my leaking pussy I bucked, the inserting another one I started to shove my fingers into my velvet folds. Plunging her meaty dick into my tight throat, she swore under her breath.

I felt her swell, then buck. Releasing an immense load of thick girl cum. She was on her toes now, sending stream after stream down my throat and into my belly. Withdrawing from my throat, I gotten a mouth full of her hot spunk. Using both hands, she worked her cock giving me a nice shower of her white liquid. I shuddered, as an orgasm rippled through my body.

Once her violent downpour came to a stop, I opened my mouth, showing her the handy work she left behind. I swallowed her jizz hungrily. Smearing her warm, gunky, fluid all over my chest. Licking her seamen of my fingers, I adjusted myself, changing position.

Laying on my back, I opened my legs and spread myself wide.

I spoke in a low wistful voice, making my invitation clear, "Alyssa, I want you to take me, use me as you wish."

Apparently shocked, but not willing to give up a chance like this, she sunk down to her knees. Guiding herself into me slowly, I moaned feeling her stretch me to push forward.

I scratched at her back as she drove into me roughly, hissing impatiently, "Harder, harder.."

Hammering her dick into my tightening folds, we moaned in unison. I felt as though I was being torn apart. Alyssa though as innocent she she looked, was tearing into my gash with vicious lunges. I came around her considerably thick cock. Burying my face in her chest I let out a muffled cry.

Buried deep inside me, she retreated. Using one hand to pump her pulsing prick, covering me with her cum. I sighed as I felt it coolly splat against my body.

Laying down next to me, spent, she had a huge grin on her face.

"That was amazing," she breathed.

I was speechless. I completely resented sex with Bree, enjoyed Robin fucking me senseless, and I adored having Alyssa claim me.

College was smooth sailing at first, but with this new intriguing chapter in my life I could feel the storm heading my way.