 Rosella awoke, staring up into the face of a man. His dark features and intense gray eyes made her flush with warmth. Her body tingled and throbbed pleasurably. He appeared the perfect knight, except for the secret smile that played across his lips, as though he knew something she didn't. He spoke softly to her, and she was disappointed to learn that she didn't know the language. She smiled sadly.

"Kind sir, I fear that I do not understand you."

The man frowned and spoke again, this time in a language she understood. It was old Anglian, which although the language of many old tomes, was rarely spoken by anyone. His grasp of the language was minimal.

"Princes, I Sir Jamie. I free you."

Rosella smiled at his attempt and answered with only slightly better grammar.

"My thanks, Sir Jamie. How long am I sleeping?"

"It one hundred years, lovely one."

Rosella's mouth fell open in shock, her hands gripping the sheets. One hundred years. Everyone she knew and loved was dead. Listening quietly, she heard no one else rousing in the castle, and realized everyone else must have fled this cursed place. The sorceress who had cursed her had also killed her parents. She was the only one from her kingdom left. The sorrow of it hit and she couldn't help the fat tears that pooled in the corner of her eyes and rolled down her fair cheeks. Her body trembled and she choked back a sob. Suddenly Sir Jamie took her in his arms, gently kissing the tears from her cheeks and murmuring soft words in his language. She turned into him and let her grief wash over her. She didn't know what he was saying, but it made her feel safe to be wrapped in his embrace. When his lips found hers, she didn't resist the soft pressure of his lips sliding across her own. When his tongue flicked her rosy lips she gasped in surprise. Sir Jamie took advantage of the opening and thrust his tongue inside.

Rosella was still feeling the humming sensations in her body that she'd felt on awakening, and they intensified as Sir Jamie stroked her mouth and lips with his tongue. She began to squirm in his lap and she felt something pressing hard into her bottom, which was beginning to pulse strangely. When Sir Jamie began to peel her night rail from her shoulders she pulled away, embarrassed. But Sir Jamie trailed kisses down her neck and shoulder, causing her breath to come in short gasps, as he whispered reassuringly.

"My Princess. We wed soon. You mine. I yours. Relax."

Rosella wasn't sure if she was ready to marry her rescuer. She didn't know him at all. But the sorceress who cursed her had said true love's kiss would wake her, so she relaxed and trusted that this must be right. Sir Jamie felt her reluctance melt away and pulled her dress lower. He knew they didn't have much time. His servant Stephen would be coming soon to see if he'd succeeded, or if he had died at the claws of the dragon. Once that was done, they would send word to the many serfs and peasants, as well as knights who had all rallied to join his new kingdom, should he awaken the princess. A kingdom wasn't worth much without peasants to work the land and serfs to serve their new king. So he took this time to make sure that the lovely princess couldn't change her mind once she was fully awake and realized there might be other, better, choices. His tongue swirled across her skin until he reached her breasts. Taking one taut nipple in his mouth he began to suck the puckered little bud. Rosella gasped and held his shoulders tightly as she began to feel the place between her legs grow moist and throb each time he sucked. She moaned, arching her chest into his mouth. Suddenly he lifted her up, siding her night rail all the way off her body and laid her on the bed. She watched in eager fascination as Sir Jamie rapidly peeled his own clothes from his body. He stretched out on top of her, covering her soft body with his own hard one, taking her lips to still any protests she may have had. He reached a hand between them and stroked her swollen clit. The princess moaned into his kiss. She was wet and ready, still stimulated from before she was awoken, and now from the playing with her sensitive nipples.

"Will hurt, princess. Not long."

Rosella wasn't sure what he meant until she felt a strong pressure at the entrance to her most private place. She felt a soft, yet hard rod rubbing against her pulsing center, then pushing inside her womanhood, stretching her open more than she imagined possible. Rosella grabbed Sir Jamie's shoulders and clung to him as he pushed his cock into her velvety pussy. When he reached the barrier, he leaned down to suck her nipple, causing her sheath to squeeze him tightly and she moaned in pleasure. When she started moving her hips against him, he decided she was ready and thrust himself deeply into her molten heat. She screamed in surprise as he broke through, but the feeling of being filled so fully with his cock while he sucked her tight nipples was more than she could bare. She began to grind her hips into his, mewling softly in pleasure. He didn't move an inch, making her get worked up into a frenzy before finally, slowly, pulling his cock out to the entrance of her pussy. She whimpered in frustration, afraid he was done, and screamed in pleasure as he thrust deeply back inside. Sir Jamie slowly began to pump in and out of her sweet, hot pussy, while his mouth continued to tease first one nipple, then the other. The princess was arching her hips and breasts into his caresses and felt the pleasure inside her begin to build, her body pulsing as she reached her peak. Rosella thrust her hands into Sir Jamie's hair, clutching him tightly to her breast as her sheath gripped his cock in a spasming orgasm that brought melodious laughter to her lips. Sir Jamie stared at her somewhat strangely, but the look of bliss on her face told him the laughter was a good thing. As Jamie's hot cum shot into her womb, Rosella's pussy gripped him one last time, the tremors milking his cock until every last drop coated her trembling center.

Sir Jamie and Rosella lay panting, cuddled together in the afterglow. Occasionally a sigh, followed by a tiny giggle would rise up from her chest, but eventually she fell asleep, one leg thrown over her rescuer's muscular thigh. Jamie nearly laughed himself. The chit had slept for one hundred years and less than an hour after awakening, she was napping. Not that he blamed her, he felt rather relaxed himself. It was a dramatic change from the last time he'd had sex. Jamie frowned and looked over at the silken beauty breathing softly at his side. It was worth it, to have her and her kingdom now, but at the time, he wasn't so sure.

Jamie knew how many men had died trying to slay the dragon and claim the kingdom of the sleeping princess. In one hundred years, there had been hundreds of attempts, all of which failed. Sir Jamie knew there had to be more to it than just bad luck or lack of skills. He had inquired to a few magicians and witches, if there was anything they could give him to help in his quest, but they had seemed doubtful. Other men had wondered too, if slaying the dragon would require more than might and mettle, and asked for magical weapons to help in their quest. They were all dead. Not ready to make his grave in a dragon's belly just yet, Jamie decided desperate times called for desperate measures. He would go to Severna directly. The sorceress who had laid the curse in the first place must know how to defeat the dragon. 

He had only heard rumors that the lady was still alive. He could scarcely believe that after one hundred years she could be, but some magic users were crafty enough to cheat death, at least for a while. So when he climbed through the thick forest and up the mountain that was the entrance to her cavernous palace, he was a bit unnerved by what he found. The sumptuous throne room was carved from the solid stone of the mountain. The long hall was carpeted with thick white furs, which shone in the flickering, fireless torchlight. At the end of the hall was the throne, which was piled high with furs and pillows, and sat in front of a mural filled with the skulls and bones of men, plastered to the wall. To either side of the throne itself were two cages. One held a man, who looked miserably at nothing in particular, his broad, muscular body crisscrossed with scars and healed wounds. The other cage was empty, the equally abused occupant kneeling between the legs of the sorceress. The woman reclined on the couch like throne, her legs spread wide as the man licked and sucked her bald cunt. She had deep caramel skin, but unnaturally pale platinum hair that spilled over her naked body. The only covering she had was black runes tattooed all over her body in intricate spirals, and the man's head as it bobbed between her thighs. Her eyes were like her hair, an unnaturally light color, so that there almost appeared to be no iris at all. Her pupils dilated as he approached and her rich, deep voice echoed in the room, surrounding him with her presence.

"Mmmm. Another man here to beg a favor."

Sir Jamie was reminded of a panther who had stalked his knights one dark night. She was practically purring with the thought of fresh meat. He swallowed his apprehension and knelt reverently before her, trying hard to ignore the man sucking her pussy. 

"Lady Severna. I have come for advice on how to awaken the sleeping princess."

Jamie heard a chain jerk, and noticed that there was a collar on the man who had been slurping the sorceress's cunt. He immediately ceased, and the whole room was still for a long minute.

"I've never had a man bold enough to ask me to break one of my own curses. You have balls, my man. Is there an equally sized cock to go with them?"

She sneered and Jamie chose to ignore the question and press on.

"I know how many men have died trying to defeat the dragon. Getting through the forest of thorns is challenging, but most magicians or witches can provide a man enough protection to pass. It's always the dragon that gets them, and the thorns merely block their escape. I know dragons are hard to kill, but I wonder if you enchanted the dragon as well? Thorns and a dragon seem too easy to have killed hundreds of men..."

Jamie realized his blunder immediately when the sorceress sat up and leaned towards him, the sneer turning to a full on wicked grin.

"Easy? You think my protections to be simplistic? Unimaginative, perhaps?"

Jamie swallowed hard before rushing to explain.

"No my lady, quite the opposite. The apparent simplicity is ingenious. It is a lure, making it that much more dangerous to those who underestimate it. A perfect weapon, leading wolves to the slaughter. I believe no man could defeat it without your help."

His answer seemed to please her, as she leaned back and reclined again onto the cushioned throne. Lady Severna tossed the chain at the man kneeling by her feet, and he obediently caught it. Immediately he walked into the empty cage and closed it himself. The lock clicked loudly in the hallway. The sorceress gestured to the two men before responding to his plea.

"You see these men? And those who grace my wall?"

Sir Jamie didn't feel he could speak without showing his fear, so he merely nodded.

"These men sought to gain my favors as well. But none were able to pay my price. They tried though. If you can give me what I desire, then I will give you the sleeping princess and her kingdom. Dare you try? You know what awaits you..."

The sorceress lowered her lashes and looked at the men in the cages. Suddenly they both wore hopeful expressions, clinging to the bars of their respective prisons.

"These men would be glad if you failed. You would take one of their places, and they would finally be free to join the wall, no longer a living trophy."

Jamie's breath had become shallow, his teeth gritted in fear. He now knew the price of failure. Eternal servitude to the sorceress, until death claimed him. Now he knew how she kept so young. She was draining the lives of the men, and the hundreds on the wall made her much older than she appeared. It was obvious that most men who came to her failed, and he feared she would ask an impossible task. The defeat in his voice was apparent.

"What is your price, my lady?"

Her whispered words, husky echoes bouncing off the walls.

"Make me cum."

The shock on his face as he stared into the narrowed eyes, was obvious. Like the dragon and thorns, it seemed too simple. As he looked at the men, however, he realized that there was more to it. Some women did have difficulty reaching orgasm. He'd heard men swear that it was impossible for some women to cum, but he never believed it. Having an orgasm for a man was taking control and for a woman it was about losing control. Some women just couldn't give control to a man, and when he took it by force, she lost all her pleasure. The sorceress Severna was practically a goddess. Giving control to a mortal man would be very difficult for her. The men she enslaved brought her pleasure because she controlled them. She used them like toys, and the control was what got her off. Considering her price, he figured that these men had never actually caused her orgasms, but merely brought her to the brink before she took the plunge herself. If they finally did bring her pleasure, it would fulfill their end of the bargain. He knew that she was asking he take control and dominate her. She would not help him by taking her own pleasure.

"Tell you what, sir knight, I will first give you a glimpse of what your life will be like if you should fail, then I will give you the opportunity to flee, or please me."

There really was no refusing her. He realized it right away, that every man who entered here would be forced to submit to her one way or another. Jamie nodded his head in acceptance and instantly a rope encircled his neck. The end was in her hands and she pulled him towards her until his face was just inches from her lips. Licking his jaw line, the sorceress whispered in his ear.

"You're mine now, bitch. Obey me, or I will hurt you even more."

Jamie steeled himself for what was to come, but he knew it was in vain. She shoved him backwards with more force than he expected, and he hit the stone floor hard. She was on top of him instantly, coiling the rope to bind his hands to a stud in the floor, then snaking it down his body to bind his legs wide as well. Finally she coiled the rope tightly around his nut sac and part of his shaft. He was surprised to see that his cock was semi-hard, unsure if this was going to bring pleasure, pain or both. Lady Severna threw the rope into the air and it dangled back to her, resting across a beam between the stone pillars of the throne room. He realized that she must have conjured most of the equipment. Surely he would have noticed it before. Her powers were astounding. Grinning down at him, she pulled the rope, gently at first, stroking his cock and balls with the cord. Then she pulled harder, yanking his member sharply until he cried out in pain. Then she held it tightly and pressed one smooth foot against his sac. Massaging the swollen and abused flesh with her toes, she rubbed his fuzzy balls across her entire arch before finally pressing down in a vicious kick with her heel. Jamie saw stars. While his nuts continued to throb and ache painfully, she swung from the rope to land with her legs on either side of his head. Slowly, still pulling tightly, then releasing, and pulling again on his maltreated cock and balls, she lowered shorn pussy to his lips. Immediately he tried to lick her swollen lips, but that only earned him a cruel yank that made him howl in pain.

"You're my bitch. You do only as I command. You do not touch me unless I tell you to, you do not move unless I tell you to, and you will never cum unless I tell you to. The only thing you may do without needing permission is to beg for mercy!"

With that proclamation, she lowered her pussy to his face and nearly smothered him for several seconds. When she raised herself, he was gasping for breath.

"Now slave, you may suck my pussy."

Dropping to her knees, Lady Severna ground into his mouth. Knowing she would likely punish him if his teeth grazed her sensitive clit, Jamie merely stuck his tongue out and let her slide it across her moist cunt. She tasted divine, like some kind of mead. He sucked in air when he could and tried to enjoy her sweet and spicy flavor in spite of the tight pulls to his battered cock and sac. He knew he was getting harder, in spite of the pain, and could feel himself swelling against the tight ropes. Finally, he felt her clit thrusting past her hood as his tongue continued to stroke her flesh. When she pressed her swollen clit against his mouth he sucked it obediently, feeling the short bud throb against his tongue as he swirled its surface. The sorceress was moaning, and he wished he could see her face as he sucked her. She had stopped pulling so violently on his privates so he knew she was focusing more on her own pleasure. He imagined her large breasts thrusting upwards as she arched her back, her neck exposed as her head tilted back while she panted in heat. He could actually feel her hair tickling his stomach, and knew the picture in his mind must be close to the reality. Suddenly she stepped away from his mouth and he lay gasping for air, watching his gorgeous tormentor as she reached behind her back and pulled something hidden from thin air. It was a riding crop. She held the rope and began pumping his cock to stand at attention. While she did this, the sorceress would snap the crop against the instep of his feet, cutting deeply into the calloused skin. He cried out with each whip, but his cock continued to grow. When it had reached its full length, the whipping to his feet ended, leaving the burning throb shooting up his legs. That's when she straddled him, presenting him with her ass as she lowered her body onto his rigid and throbbing cock, pulling the rope tightly to raise his hips.

"Time to fuck me, slave. But don't you dare cum, or I'll take the crop to your balls."

Jamie nearly choked in fear as he felt nearly ready to burst when her tight hot pussy enveloped his tortured manhood. Grinding on his bound cock was both heaven and hell and Sir Jamie struggled to maintain control. Then she leaned forward, still pumping him with her steaming cunt and slid the fat end of the crop along the crack of his ass. His whole body went rigid as he realized what was coming next. Slowly she worked the smooth handle into his puckered asshole while she continued to ride him. The rod slid in easily and she began to fuck both his ass and cock at the same time. Now Jamie was crying out in pleasure as she relentlessly stroked him with the rod and her hot cunt. He knew he was doomed. He could barely contain himself, and began to beg for his life.

"My lady! Please, I cannot take any more, please let me release!"

"If you cum now, I own you knight. You will wait until I give you leave!"

Sir Jamie felt hot tears sting his eyes. He was a grown man, yet he was weeping before this stunning sorceress. She began to fuck his ass harder while slowing the movement of her pussy, delaying her own pleasure while still pushing his own. Jamie struggled, continuing to plead with her, but was able to gain just enough sense to realize that this meant she must be close. He tried thrusting his hips and she yanked on the cord to still him. His fierce scream set her off, however, and she began to ride him harder, the fucking of his asshole slowing as she shifted focus onto herself. He felt her already tight pussy begin to grow slicker and tighter as his pleas became more impassioned.

"Your pussy is so hot and tight, my lady! I cannot bear it! I is like a fucking vice! I want to cum into your cunt. Please let me cum, my lady, I beg you! You are killing me!"
