 The Queen walked through her palace, her footsteps echoing throughout the enormous room, a small smile on her face. She wore a pair of white lacy underwear and nothing else on her lower half, her long, pure white tail swishing from side to side behind her. A white corset went around her midsection, stopping underneath her breasts, lifting them up like a bra, but leaving them exposed, and a long, thin cloak, also white, was draped over her shoulders, flowing behind her as she walked, her feet encased in shining high heels. Her hair was blond and red and hung down her back, a long fringe covering half of her face, her lips shining red as well. A small length of white ribbon was wrapped around her neck, tied with a pretty, delicate bow on the right hand side.

She radiated power, and demanded obedience wherever she went. And she got it too. No one dared question her authority, no matter what she said. She smiled again, a little evilly, as she ran a hand over the marble balustrade, descending the staircase into her large throne room. She approached her chair -- large, heavily padded and surrounded with pillows -- and nodded at her servants who stood to attention, wearing roman-style robes and carrying long ceremonial broadswords.

She turned around and perched herself on her throne, resting back into a large red pillow, and with a wave of her hand trays of food and wine were immediately brought out to her and placed on the arms of her luxurious chair. She picked at a few pieces while her servants tended to her every comfort, until she became bored and clapped her hands. The servants parted and her messenger approached.

"Yes my Queen?" he inquired.

"Have my most fierce and faithful Warrior brought to my hall at once!" she demanded. He bowed out of the room and ran for the door. Before long she heard footsteps approaching and witnessed him returning. Behind him walked a figure that almost took her breath away, if she hadn't been training all her life to never loose her composure.

"May I present your hero, the mighty Warrior known only as Shadow, my Queen."

Shadow's body was muscle and yet not too bulky, dressed in tight blue pants and a black long sleeved robe, topped with a sleeveless leather vest. On his belt hung a sword and a knife sheath on opposite sides, and across his chest hung a belt that supplied the quiver for his arrows on his back. On the back of one hand a knifeblade protruded from his forearm gauntlet, the sharp edge facing directly outward, the flat edge at 90 degree angles from his arm, the blade curved slightly down, so it started to curve toward his knuckles, while the other wrist was sheathed in a gauntlet of metal, another blade hidden up inside its sheath on that forearm, which would slide out to face the flat side to the back of his hand, the double edged knife extending past his knuckles.

His eyes were a piercing blue, the colour of the icy Atlantic, flecked with their own small white icebergs, but this resemblance to the cold unforgiving ocean hardly spoiled his strikingly handsome appearance. His brown hair extended down to his shoulder blades, and was smooth and clean, and on his back sprouted two large black wings, the tips of his feathers tinged with dark green, currently folded inwards to tuck away. On his brow he had wrapped a band of cloth to hold his hair in place, no mark except for a small slash on the far left side that lined up with the scar that ran from his eyebrow diagonally up over the left side of his forehead into his hairline.

He bowed low, his battle gear making no rattling noise, and the queen waved all of her servants away, shutting the doors behind them. Shadow stepped forward to kneel on one knee before her, his head still bowed, his voice almost sensually pleasing to her ears.

"My Queen, what is thy bidding?" he said, averting his gaze down from her face to her perfectly smooth legs. The queen nodded and leaned down to place a finger under his chin, lifting his gaze up to hers.

"You may call me Mistress Kitten, if you wish to speak," she purred, staring deep into his blue eyes. He nodded, looking back, unwilling to break the gaze she sought.

"Yes Mistress," he said. She smiled standing up before him, her midsection level with his head. Gently, she ran a hand over his neck, fingers drifting through his wavy brown hair, down his back and up again as she bit her lip, choosing where to start.

"Stand, my hero, and loosen your weaponry." He stood up, her hand drifting down over his shoulder as he straightened, his wings spreading wide as he unclasped his quiver and laid it on the floor, followed by his sword belt. His gauntlet came off next, the blade large and menacing, then came the second gauntlet, less fearsome with the dagger sheathed. He stood up again and faced her, removing his armour vest and looking down at her.

She nodded, her hand on his arm. "Remove your shirt, my hero." And Shadow did, unbuttoning it to reveal his smooth, chiseled abs, his powerful arms and his slightly scarred chest, a particularly visible set being a trio of claw marks running across him. She caressed his chest before dropping her hand to his pants, pulling on them a little.

"And now...these, I think, could afford to be loosened." He obediently unclasped his pants, sliding them open at the front, his underwear visible now in the v-shaped space. She smiled at this, her tail flicking around excitedly, admiring the large bulge around his groin, then stepped back and allowed him to follow her, sitting on her throne, stretching out as Shadow stepped up in front of her.

Mistress Kitten took his hand and laid it on her chest, above her breasts as she looked into his eyes.

"Now, Shadow," she purred. "I want you to caress me, feel my skin beneath your fingers, the softness, the responsiveness..." she let his hand go and laid her hands on her pillows, lying back as he slipped his fingers over her chest, moving both hands down to rub over her breasts, cupping them in his hands and feeling them, his thumbs rubbing back and forth over her nipples, hardening with his touch. Mistress Kitten sighed as the felt her up, his naked chest pure candy for her to watch.

Shadow leaned in closer to run his hands up her shoulders and across her neck, sliding his fingers down it and back to her breasts, making her shiver slightly. She leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"You may kiss my skin, if you wish, but not my lips," she purred, lying back as his lips locked onto her neck, flicking his tongue over it softly, just above the white ribbon. His lips drifted over her neck, kissing again and again as he started to move down to her shoulder, kissing gently down to her chest, moving across the top of her breasts and down to suckle at one of her nipples obediently, his tongue flicking across it as he sucked it softly between his lips. His hands rubbed her neck and collar bones, massaging her as he caressed her breasts with his mouth.

The Queen sighed and closed her eyes to better enjoy the feeling of his attention, her fingernails gripping the pillows a little tighter as he sucked on one nipple, drawing it in between his soft lips and flicking his tongue over it, his hand gently rubbing her other nipple between his slender fingers. She leaned forward, pushing her breasts together with her hands and offering them to his eager lips, letting him kiss and lick across from one to the other without the gap between, her fingers occasionally getting a lick as well as he tended to her needs. She bit her lip, trying to remain calm and composed as a Queen should.

Shadow continued to lick and suck her nipples, his hands roaming down her corset covered sides to her hips, holding her close as he lavished his love on her. She looked down at his head, his eyes closed, and spied his erection bulging into the small v-shaped gap of his pants. She smiled and leaned back, making him move forward with her, his body lying half on her legs, his hands moving up higher to hold her. The Queen arched her back for him as she closed her eyes again to feel his tongue on her hot skin.

Abruptly she pulled back, letting go of her breasts and tilting his head up with a hand under his chin.

"That was good, Shadow, my servant. But now you must do more." She purred, leaning in to stroke his hair and resting her lips against his ear. "I want you to kiss my whole body, and you may remove my underwear for me."

Shadow obediently nodded, lowering to his knees and running his hands and fingers down over her body then back up, kissing her neck all over, slowly, moving to her shoulders, then down each arm to her hands, holding them together to kiss them each. He moved to her chest, kissing her already wet and hard nipples once each, slowly, sliding his lips down between her rounded breasts to kiss down her chest to the top of her corset. He dropped down on hands and knees, looking up at his Queen and receiving a nod before kissing each of her feet, then her shins, delicately brushing his lips over her knees and up her thighs, moving ever closer to her crotch, her body holding back shivers as he did so.

Suddenly she felt his lips press in on either side of her underpants leg holes, kissing around her inner thighs softly, making her close her eyes tight to hold back a moan of anticipation. Shadow reached up and slid a finger into the waistband of her undies, gently slipping them down her thighs with both hands and down over her high heels, letting them rest on the floor between their legs. He leaned in close and blew warm air over her, making her shiver involuntarily, her moist pussy waiting for his hot lips to begin. He looked up at his Queen, and she looked down at him, his dark hair cascading down his back, his wings slightly spread and his naked chest rippling before her eyes. Breathing slowly, she nodded and reached down to run her fingers through his hair as he leaned in and kissed her mound, his lips rubbing back and forth over her folds.

She gasped slightly as Shadow slipped his tongue into her pussy, licking out her folds as his hands caressed her thighs, his wings moving gently with desire as she watched him. Her fingers weaved into his hair, gripping it lightly as he kissed her lovingly, his tongue flicking over her folds and clit. Mistress Kitten moaned with pleasure, letting herself go as he licked and kissed her pussy, tending to her every need, fulfilling her desires with passion and devotion. She gripped his hair tighter as he gently inserted his finger into her, licking at her clit, sucking it between his lips as he fingered her.

"Good Shadow, but...you have a free hand." She looked down into his eyes as he pulled back a bit, sucking at her clit still. "I think you should use it..."

Slowly, he reached down between his legs and into his underpants. She could see his hand gripping his manhood, stiff and long, squeezing it gently as he sucked at her. Shadow pushed another finger deep into her, sucking lovingly on her clit, nipping it lightly between his teeth. Kitten yelped with pain and pleasure, throwing her head back as he brought her closer to orgasm, his tongue rubbing her folds and clit harder and faster, flicking the tip over her as she watched his hand moving back and forth in his pants, his moans sending hard shivers down her thighs.

Kitten's breath came in ragged gasps as she came closer and closer, stifling a loud moan with her hand while gripping his hair tightly with the other. She tried to keep it in but failed as he looked into her eyes and took a big long lick from the bottom of her pussy, going deep in and licking all the way up and out, dragging his wet, hot tongue over her clit as he took it in his mouth again, sucking on it and flicking his tongue over it hard. It was too much, and with one final moan she gripped his head between her thighs and sat straight up, shaking as she felt herself explode.

"Ohhh, ohhh Shadow!" she cried, cumming hard on his face, her wetness spreading out over her inner thighs as she coated him in her juice. She shook violently, gripping his hair tightly to keep herself up, her eyes closed as she rode out the raging orgasm between her legs, biting her lip to stifle her moans. She looked down at Shadow's head, still licking gently at her honey, his wings moving back and forth with excitement and his hand bulging around his cock.

"That...was very good my slave," she whispered, once she'd gotten her breath back. "And now...you must perform for me..."

Sitting back in her chair, Mistress Kitten threw several pillows to the floor for him to sit on, a finger rubbing over her still shaking mound as she got comfortable. Slowly Shadow slid the front of his underpants down a little more, pulling out his enormous manhood as he sat down on the mass of pillows before her. His wings stretched out wide behind him as he looked into her eyes and began to stroke himself, his hand moving up and down his shaft, his breath quickening as he pleasured himself for his Queen. She watched eagerly as his hand drifted over the head of his penis, looking directly into his eyes as he stared back, her hand automatically rubbing her folds, pressing in gently.

Mistress Kitten could feel her own juice on the palm of her hand as she started to get wet again, watching Shadow tease himself before her. His hand glided up and down faster now, his free hand gripping the pillows beneath him for support, panting slightly as he continued to masturbate. His eyes never left hers, such was his devotion to his Queen.

As she watched him, rubbing his bulging cock, Kitten found herself feeling emotions that left her scared and unsure. She found herself wanting him like she had wanted no others. She felt that she needed to have him inside her, filling her small hole with his throbbing cock, doing to her what no man had done before:

She wanted the end of their beloved Queen's purity, in return for a single act of lovemaking. Her time as Queen concluding with such finality equal to the de-flowering that would bring these events to being.

With quickening breath her hand drifted up and over her folds, a single finger slipping into her pussy as the thought rose up inside her. Could she make this last decision? It would be irreversible, gone in the instant Shadow's gorgeous penis slid effortlessly into her virgin folds, completing both her life but also her reign. She would lose her servants, her throne, her palace, her land...everything she had ever owned. All of it would be gone, for the price of one night of passionate sex like nothing she had never experienced before.

Biting her lip with frustration, Mistress Kitten looked down at her servant, her slave, doing everything she asked of him, including playing with his own penis, all at a single word from her. His loyalty ran deep indeed, and was as strong as the power that ensured it. He looked directly into her eyes as he stroked himself closer to the edge, the sight and her own hand movements bringing her closer as well. He was devoted to her.

Staring deep into his eyes, Mistress Kitten had an epiphany...

"Enough, Slave." She commanded, her own fingers shaking inside her from the intensity. He obediently stopped, looking fearful, as if worried he had let his Mistress down. She stared darkly at his large wings, his cascading brown hair and his powerful arms, his hand still wrapped around his aching cock. She beckoned to him to come forward, sitting on the edge of the throne as he stepped up to her, looking into her eyes. She looked back and, for the first time, reached down to stroke his manhood with her free hand, fingering herself again as she sighed happily, her mind raging with fear and pleasure.

"You, Slave, you will do as I command, yes?" she asked, looking at him. He nodded.

"You, Slave, will obey the word of your Queen and Mistress, yes?" Again, he nodded.

"And you, my most humble Slave will not, for any reason, question the desires of your Keeper, once and forever? Your word, my Slave."

Without hesitation, he nodded. She had her answer.

Mistress Kitten lay back on her pillows, on her golden throne in her enormous palace, and slowly led him toward her, her hand on his cock guiding it to rub against her folds. She felt a rush of excitement as she felt the head of his cock sliding into her waiting lips, barely tickling her yet drawing her closer to orgasm than anything else. She could see the expression on his face clearly: fear, and a long withheld desire.

"Take me...my Shadow," she purred, as she rested her hands on his arms, her legs out wide, bent at the knees, and felt him slide his throbbing member into her, filling her as she gasped and closed her eyes tightly, almost losing herself to him. He let out a low moan as his hips started to pump into her, in and out, going deep then pulling back, the head of his penis never leaving her. She scratched down his arms as he brought her closer and closer to the end, biting her lip hard, the motion of his love rocking the throne.

She felt him getting ready to cum. She could see the lust boiling over, the look on his face one of absolute joy. With one last deep thrust she threw her head back and screamed with pleasure, her nails leaving deep marks down his arms, her thighs shaking uncontrollably, and all of a sudden she was cumming again, wetting herself and him with her juice. She cried and cried as he pumped her again, making her cum a second time, and before she knew it, she reached up and took his head in her hand. Gripping one shoulder, she pulled him down on top of her, his chest above hers as she cried his name and finally kissed his lips, feeling him moan into the kiss. She tore at his chest with her nails, and as she wrapped her legs around his waist Shadow came inside her, filling her with semen, his eyes shutting as he rode out the wave of relief he felt inside.

They lay there for an hour, panting hard, kissing and holding each other, his cock always inside her. The guards finally returned to find them there, this warrior befouling their Queen's virginity, and dragged him away as he planted one last kiss on her lips.

The next day the Queen was stripped of her royal status, but was spared her life. She wore simple traveler's robes, a plain brown tunic with a long cloak around her shoulders. She walked among the peasants and market dwellers for a time, unrecognized, her hood up covering her face from the view of her disgusted people. On the morning of the third day she walked to the battlement gates, passing through them as she knew she had to, and walked solemnly towards the dark robed figure standing a short distance away.

His wings were clipped. His hair was cut short. The weapons bearing the castle's royal seal were removed. His gauntlet blade remained in place, as did one or two knives on the back of his waist. Hung across his chest was a tan leather belt, not bearing a quiver of fine arrows, but holding a short sword in a simple black leather scabbard by his waist.

Stripped of his rank and honour. Lucky to even be alive.

The former Queen approached him, laying a hand on his shoulder to turn him around. His eyes were red from crying. It was very painful, physically and emotionally, to lose your wings. His face bore no new scars, but his injuries ran deep. Once again, Kitten bit her lip and questioned whether he would simply walk away.

Shadow bent down and kissed her lips, softly and tenderly, his arms holding her close as he pulled her to his chest. Fresh tears sprung from his eyes as he pulled back to reach into a pocket, taking out a long length of ribbon, like her royal white ribbon of Purity, except it was a different colour.

"Red," he whispered, as he draped it around her neck, tying it into a little bow. "For Passion."

He walked with her, hand in hand, down the road that led out of the city. To what end she did not know, but she did know she had made the right choice.
