 So this is my first publication to this site, though I have quite a few other, tamer, stories floating around the web. I have read so many stories and just haven't found exactly what I was looking for, so I decided to finally write it myself. Please enjoy just as much as I did writing it.

GoddessGodGoddessGodGoddess

The Slaves of a Goddess

Chapter One

In a World where Gods and Goddesses ruled the land, where mythical creatures roamed, and where Halflings, and other creatures were taken as slaves to feed the Gods' unhuman sexual appetites; there was one Goddess in general, a Goddess of the elements, who's sexual appetites were tame compared to her brothers and sisters, but darker than those of her mortal counterparts.

This Goddess ruled in her own Kingdom, so great was her power, and had gathered three slaves over her young 300 years, not dabbling in random erotic acts like her brothers, or taking a Harem like her sisters. She still treated her slaves at her whim, and they kept her well satisfied, which was hard for an insatiable Goddess. Her name was Melina.

Her first slave she enslaved on her orientation to womanhood. She found him in the woods, starved and wounded. She gave him food, which she sent for as she herself didn't need any nourishment in the form of mortal food and water, and healed him with her power. He was a Halfling, bred for enslavement, and yet had been cast away due to his weak body. He was unable to sustain beatings without becoming broken. 

She had taken him in, and placed her own enslavement mark around his neck tying his soul with her own. Her mark prevented him from betraying her, physically or emotionally and allowed her to always know what he was feeling, what he wanted and where he was at all times. He was also able to feel her presence whether 10 feet away or 10 000 000 feet away. He was of the feline – humanoid species. 

He had a long feline tail, large feline ears and a cat-like tongue, but that was where the Halflings morphology finished. Other than that he was all mortal. His talent lied in licking her pussy, especially with his rough tongue on her clit. His name was Athos.

Her second slave she had found at an illegal otherworldly sex slave auction when she reaching her prime in her control of her powers. She had heard about it from one of her brothers who always found out about them due to his fetish for young creatures not yet reached maturity. The auction was like a cesspool of illegally obtained young creatures from other worlds. 

"Exotic" creatures were what he called them. She had seen him at the very end of the auction, hidden away with lots of Gods and Goddesses yelling out bids to own him. He was what they called a 'shapeshifter'. A creature humanoid in their original shape, but without distinct features, who is able to morph into any creature they could think of. They had telepathic powers that allowed them to see into their masters heads (when enslaved) and fulfil their deepest and darkest fantasies without even being asked. 

They were a rarity and were treated as such, once enslaved were never allowed out of whatever prison they were sent to. 

She had immediately wanted him as soon as she saw him, especially when he turned his featureless head towards her and seemed to shimmer, becoming her beloved Athos standing there in chains, shivering and afraid. She had known right then and there that he belonged with her, to satisfy her urges and needs. Without further ado, she had swept up her gown and shifted to the front of the stage in a flash of fire, standing holding his chain and throwing a handful of jewels, more than any of the Deity's in the crowd could ever hope to own, to the slave owner and placed her mark of ownership on the cowering Athos-look-alike with a wave of her hand. 

She had felt the gratefulness coming off him in waves as he had snuggled into her thigh and looked up at her with eyes that didn't belong on him. Her brother had tried to bribe and blackmail him off of her, but she had just waved him off each time, and finally he had given up. 

He had no name, so she had named him 'Ina', meaning 'one of all' in the Olden language. Often than not he took the form of a young, muscular, well-endowed elven man with dark shoulder-length hair who made her cry out louder than she ever had with Athos. He fulfilled her darkest fantasies that she could never have spoken aloud without a batter of an eyelash and even seemed to enjoy himself with Athos watching with awe. His talent lied in fucking her in every way imaginable.

Her last slave that she had collected was a young Thian male who she had rescued from an unimaginably horrific God after she had slayed him, her first kill, for breaking the Unspoken Law. He had been in a dark damp basement for goodness knows how long, chained to a wall, with whip marks and burn marks scattered across his body. 

It had taken two weeks for his body to heal enough for him to be able to speak to her, his new Master. Unfortunately, at the time, she had been unable to let him go free because of his conditioning over however long he had been with that unholy God. He couldn't go without a cock up his ass for too long, and was unable to find release without a small amount of pain, usually in the form of humiliation or spanking. 

Luckily for him, and her, she was able to take the form of a God's sexual appendage. She only had to will it and a cock grew from her Goddess's mound, still allowing her pussy to remain. She could grow it to any length or thickness to accommodate, and felt every nerve rendering pleasure that any God would have. 

A Thian was a species bred from mortals who could heal their own bodies and others with just a touch of a hand. They were always tall in statue and strong in nature. A Thian male was always born with dark blue hair and the women with bright red. The woman were born with four breasts and towered over the men. They were rough in nature and the men were the ones who tended to the young. His name was Tyron. His talent lied in licking her asshole, or being used by her shecock.

Though she had three slaves that tended to her every need, whenever she needed it and sometimes before she even knew she needed it, she had always felt like she was missing something. Like her own small 'Harem' was incomplete. It was on a dark cloudless day that she had found another slave to fill an emptiness of her Harem.

GoddessGodGoddessGodGoddess

"Melina, surely you have the time to come to the Trade with me?" I pretended not to hear my brother as I swirled a small tornado around my fingertips. He had been trying to get me to go with him to this Celegh Trade for weeks now. I don't know how many times I had told him that I didn't need another slave, and therefore couldn't be bothered mingling with the lower class at one of these Trades. "You could always get a companion for one of your pets." Again with that word. He didn't believe in monogamy, instead he whored himself out to any slave he could get his hands on. 

"They are not my 'pets', Alej. I don't know how many times we have had this conversation. I do not need to look elsewhere as they keep me well entertained." To illustrate my point I ran my hand down the back of Athos, who at that moment was curled at my feet and purring. He honestly was the cutest thing. He would always be my first and foremost. 

Ina was currently standing behind me, watching with those intelligent eyes of his. Nothing escaped him and I kept him close at all times, just in case one of my brothers or sisters decided to deceive me. His telepathic abilities really were a lovely bonus. So useful to. Tyron, my last slave, was currently tied up in one of my main playrooms with a phallus vibrating up his ass because he was a naughty boy and forgot to thank me for his 100th spank.

"Melina, please? Kira and Utah won't come with me, and I really want someone else's opinion before I buy." There he goes again with his whining and snivelling. No wonder my sister's had decided they had better things to do.

"If you find me a new Hellis plant, I'll come with you this one time and make sure you don't buy some flea-bitten Celegh girl." I said it as if I didn't care, but if he found me a Hellis plant I would have gone to any Trade he ever wanted for the rest of his eternal life.

"Melina, really? A Hellis plant... but they are so... eugh, they are so rude and just want to eat you all the time." He shuddered and I couldn't help but remember his last run in with my old Hellis; it had taken a chunk right out of his hand – painful for a while, but easily healed. He had killed my Hellis with his power over the sun. Shrivelled my poor baby up right then and there.

Since then, I had been searching the Gorah forests, but had yet to find a seedling. You need to harvest as a seedling so they imprint on you. Such great guard plants, always letting me know when there is an intruder – mainly by eating them, but what can you do?

"That's my proposition. You know it's easy for you to find one, just send Tori after one. Our brother practically adores you; he'll do anything for you." Tori was only young still, not yet reached his orientation into his Godly status, and looked up to Alej like he was his one shining light. Why, I have no idea, to me Alej is a great buffoon who only thinks with his cock and doesn't help the unfortunate like he should be at his status.

"Fine, Melina, you win. Grab your cloak; we don't want anyone recognising the great Melina!" He said it mockingly, but it was true; if anyone recognised me they may wish to attack me. Especially in illegal Trading like this one, were they steal young Celegh woman for their own profit. 

Celegh woman were highly sought after, for their perky bosoms, lack of gag reflex and their unbreakable inner muscles that won't tear no matter what you shove inside them. They were also very beautiful, and very rare to come by. To traffic one was a felony, but once enslaved there was no unbroken law. Our Unspoken Law was strange sometimes, but it was what we lived by and what had helped us through a millennia of peaceful living.

With a sweep of my hand a dark cloak covered myself and Ina from head to toe. Alej just grunted, knowing I would not leave my telepathic slave at home. He was so much more useful at the Trade, warning me if anyone recognised me and allowing me to defend myself in time. I gave my beautiful pouting Athos one last scratch behind the ear and a sloppy kiss on the mouth before Alej waved his hand and we disappeared in a burst of light.