 Rosella awoke naked in her bed. The memories came flooding back of her rescuer, waking her, claiming her. Her new king. Sitting up, Rosella winced at the tenderness between her thighs. She was a little embarrassed. This man may have woken her from her slumber, he may even be her "true love." However, he was also a complete stranger, and she had given herself wantonly to him. She bit her lip in frustration as she realized he hadn't even asked her name, simply calling her his princess. When she heard voices talking in the courtyard in the unfamiliar language he had first spoken, she realized that they were no longer alone. 

Rushing to her wardrobe, the thick blanket wrapped around her body, she prayed that her clothes were still there. Her sigh of relief when she saw the beautiful silk and satin dresses hanging in the cabinet was short lived. The first one crumbled in her hands and moths flew out from the tattered remains. Almost all the dresses were similarly ruined, and she nearly sobbed in frustration. If her new king was bringing his men, she couldn't meet them in her night rail! 

Rummaging through the ragged dresses, she located a box at the back that seemed to have survived the onslaught of vermin. Opening it she found a deep blue gown. Taking it out, she shook the wrinkles from the simple two layer dress. As she gazed at it, she remembered why she had never worn it. It was terribly revealing. The long billowy sleeves were detached, leaving her shoulders bare and the bodice was corseted and laced tightly to reveal much of her cleavage. The delicate embroidery and rich silk fabric clung to her body, making her feel nearly as exposed as if she were merely wearing a shift. It was still better than the shift, however, and she wriggled into the tight corset, just managing to tie it behind her. 

Finding her tiara and the locket containing the picture of her mother and father, Rosella searched vainly for a veil that hadn't been eaten by the moths. However, there was nothing she could use to cover her long golden hair, so she simply plaited it over one shoulder and placed the tiara on her head.

Gathering her courage, she walked slowly down the steps, her slippered feet making almost no noise. The swish of her skirts whispered in the corridor, and she peeked out of the doorway, sighing with relief as she saw her rescuer speaking to a single man. With as much dignity as she could muster, in spite of her breasts nearly popping out of her gown, she greeted the two men with a pretty curtsy and a bright smile.

Both men stood speechless for a moment, until Sir Jamie noticed that his companion's jaw was nearly touching his chest. Jabbing Stephen in the gut, Jamie stepped forward to take his lady's hand and bow reverently before placing a teasing kiss on her hand. He allowed his tongue to taste her briefly before he permitted her to pull her hand away. The light kiss had sent a flush to her cheeks and she murmured something in her native language before remembering he couldn't understand her.

"Greetings my king."

Her old Anglian was far superior to his own. Stephen simply stared in confusion at the lovely vision before him, rubbing his abused stomach. He didn't know any old Anglian, but the girl herself was so distracting he doubted he'd have understood her if she were speaking his native tongue. He couldn't pull his gaze away from her slender neck and shoulders, the creamy white skin flowing down to tiny round mounds that looked as if they would slip from the bodice at any minute. He finally tore himself away when Jamie began to speak, first in Anglian, then in old Anglian.

"Stephen, this is the princess. Princess, this Stephen, my man."

The princess curtsied again as Stephen took her hand and kissed her fingertips. He didn't have the chance to linger, however, and watched Jamie enviously, as he led the girl to the dais in the great hall, seating her in the smaller chair next to the throne. Sitting next to her, stroking her hand lightly, he continued his prior conversation with Stephen, leaving the poor princess to sit in silence. She was furious! Again, he never even asked her name! Neither man noticed while Rosella fumed in silence. 

"So, I need you to send word to the local towns, as we discussed."

"Yes, m'lord. I already sent my falcon ahead, so some men should be arriving soon to begin with fixing up the castle. We need to make sure that we have a well defensible position. It won't be long before someone comes along and tries to challenge your right to this kingdom."

Jamie looked at his prize princess, then at his prize castle, an intense feeling of possessiveness stealing over him. This was his castle, his lands and his princess. No one would be taking them from him any time soon. When his giddy gaze was not reflected in the tense features of his lovely bride, he frowned in consternation. She was awake! The spell was broken! What on earth gave her lovely lips that terse scowl? Taking her hand again, he felt her fingers stiffen in his.

"What is problem, princess? You look... not happy."

Rosella took her hand from his and stood abruptly. Gathering her skirts, she swished off in indignation, not bothering to reply to his inane question. Jamie watched her go, but wasn't terribly concerned. There wasn't anywhere she could go, and he still had details to work out with Stephen. She would come and tell him what was bothering her when she was ready, or he would seek her out when he had finished. 

Rosella worked out her anger as she stomped around the empty castle, staring sadly at the dilapidated decorations and furniture that had once been her home. She saw the kitchens, where she had often snuck down to taste fresh biscuits in the morning. Now they were empty, except for the spiders and rats that lived among the old bones and glass jars. She saw the vacant solar, the dusty books and ratty loom, her father's leather arm chair where he would read poetry to her and her mother in the evenings. Rosella sank down to the floor and began sobbing, the pain of her loss still fresh. 

All of a sudden she began to feel very dizzy. Rosella put a hand on her forehead, noting a slight flush creeping over her. It felt somewhat familiar, but she couldn't place it. She tried to crawl over to a nearby armchair, but simply didn't have the energy. Laying her cheek against the cool stone floor, she closed her eyes, sinking into a deep, dreamless slumber.

*********************************************** Jamie and Stephen were finalizing their strategies for protecting the new kingdom when the sky abruptly clouded over. The dark clouds were a surprise, since the morning had risen with nary a cloud for miles. Jamie didn't know what to make of it, until Stephen's sharp gasp caught his attention.

Following his gaze, Jamie noticed something strange about the castle. When the spell had broken, the thorns choking the keep had shrunk back and the sky had brightened to match the normal weather of the surrounding area. Now there were vines slithering up the sides of the walls. Jamie rushed to the gate and was stunned to see the thorn bushes were slowly beginning to re-grow. The site of the dragon's ashes was being blown by a growing wind.

"Stephen, we need to find the princess."

Stephen didn't question his lord's orders. He took off in the direction of where the girl had run, his eyes searching frantically for his lieges bride. Jamie scanned quickly, leaving Stephen to check any corners he missed. Finally, he made his way through the kitchens and into the solar, where he spotted the princess's prone form.

At first, he was terrified that she was dead. It hadn't occurred to him that the spell went beyond waking her, that her life was tied to the spell as well, but he wasn't surprised. He'd heard a few men claiming how they would do away with her if they won the castle and she wasn't what they expected. A few had feared an old crone. With no family to protect her, what was to stop them from doing with her as they wished?

It was then that an old wizard joined the conversation, scoffing at the warrior's ignorance of magic. Lady Severna's spell could only be broken by true love's kiss. No man who would kill the princess would ever make it past the dragon. It was the old wizard who had given Jamie the idea to visit the sorceress himself. True love, to his knowledge, was a myth. The twisted wench had probably said that to sway the weak willed from trying, and tricking the bold and chivalrous to their deaths.

Leaning over his princess, Sir Jamie touched her lips, feeling for breath. He was both overjoyed and confused when he discovered that she was, indeed, still breathing. If she wasn't dead, then what was happening?

He wasn't sure why, but it was obvious that the spell was reasserting itself. Gathering the sleeping princess in his arms, he carried her up the steps to the tower room, ordering Stephen to continue with their plans. Stephen looked unsure, but bowed low, rushing out of the castle, being careful not to step in the whirling dragon dust.

When Jamie laid his bride on the bed, he gazed at her with a mixture of concern and frustration. He had been certain the spell was broken. Leaning over her inert form, he planted a quick, soft kiss on her lips. Nothing. His frustration was mounting. He kissed her again, more deeply this time, but with the same result. Had the sorceress been teasing him? Had she given him the means to slay the dragon fully knowing that the spell could not be broken? Or was he missing something?

Again, the old wizard's words came back to him. True love's kiss. Jamie still didn't believe in true love, but there was one aspect of love that he was intimately familiar with. Inspiration dawned on him as he recalled that the first kiss he'd given his princess had not been on her perfect bow lips. Perhaps he needed to make love to her before kissing her. Most women believed a man in love when he was inside of them. It was the first thing a young, amorous man learned when he wanted to get between a woman's legs. Promise her love and she'd give you everything.

Quickly, Jamie stripped his clothes from his body. He started to remove the princess's clothing with the grace and finesse he always gave to a woman he was about to ravage, but her soft slumber meant that she probably wouldn't notice. Peeling her dress and shift from her body in one swift movement, the detached sleeves quickly following, he covered her body with his, feeling his cock growing with excitement.

Pleasuring a sleeping woman was not something he'd ever done before he'd met his bride, but it seemed easier than when a woman was awake. She wasn't concerned about her appearance, or what he would think of her if she enjoyed something truly sinful he was doing. The girl's body had simply reacted to his lovemaking without any reservations. Jamie found that he was looking forward to this more than he should. Besides her total openness to his caresses, she also couldn't tell him no once he was about to burst and she had second thoughts. 

Jamie straddled her narrow hips and stared down at her naked body. He gazed at her perfect pink nipples and knew he had to taste one. But before he did, he slid his hands from her stomach up along her sides, tickling her ribs and eliciting a slight gasp. He had been right, before, she was ticklish. He finished by palming both breasts. They fit perfectly in his hands, spilling over his fingers just enough.

Flicking both nipples with his thumbs, he concentrated on her face, watching her expressions as she moaned and sighed in pleasure. When he was quite certain she wouldn't wake up without the loving kiss, he leaned down and sucked a nipple into his mouth.

She arched into him, her hips writhing against his groin as she pressed her puffy nipple farther into his mouth. As he sucked her sensitive bud, Sir Jamie slipped one hand between them and stroked her nether lips. Her body bucked and he felt her opening was slick and wet. His cock was more than ready, so carefully he slipped it inside of her, his lips and tongue still teasing her breast.

The princess was still tight as when he'd first taken her, and hotter than ever. His cock swelled even more as it felt her soft walls engulf him, sucking him deeper inside her body. She moaned and lifted her hips to meet his thrust. 

There was no shyness this time, no hesitations. Her body responded to his with a rising, unconscious passion, begging him for more. Slowly he began to thrust in and out of her body. Jamie closed his eyes, burying his head between her bosoms as he tried to focus on the rhythm instead of bursting immediately into her hot tunnel.

One of his hands reached beneath to cup her buttocks and press her hips even tighter against his own. When he felt the first flutters of her pussy, signaling to him that her release was getting closer, he began to quicken his pace, thrusting harder. He took one of her legs and pulled it up to wrap around his hips, granting him even deeper access to her body.

The princess was thrashing in ecstasy, her moans rising to loud cries of excitement. When her orgasm finally peaked she nearly screamed her moan was so loud. Jamie knew he was close as well. His body was on fire, and he felt a closeness to his bride that he hadn't ever felt with anyone else. At least that was what he'd tell her if she was awake, that he'd never felt this way before.

Suddenly he wanted her to be awake. He wanted to look into her eyes as she felt him gush his seed inside her. Maybe watch as she came again, her eyes darkening in pleasure. He'd whisper her name as she came and she'd hold him tight. Jamie was annoyed when his fantasy was shattered by the fact that he didn't know his princess's name. He'd forgotten to ask, too caught up in planning his new kingdom. Well, that could be easily rectified. Still pumping long, hard strokes into her pussy, Jamie leaned down and kissed the princess's open, panting mouth, thrusting his tongue deeply.

Her eyes fluttered open and stared at him in wonder and shock. He was right, they were a deeper blue when she was consumed with her passion. He ended the kiss, then trailed it down her jaw and neck, finally coming to her ears. He was enjoying the soft, surprised mewls of delight she was making, and when her pussy clenched him once more he knew she would reach climax again if he could hold off just a little longer.

"My princess..."

His hot breath against her ear was almost as intoxicating as the pleasure of his shaft sliding hot against her body. Her hands lifted from the bed to grip his shoulders, feeling her nipples as they brushed against his chest.

"My king... My Jamie."

Jamie chuckled. Now was the time.

"Your name, my love, tell me it."

The princess was nearly breathless, but he made out her stuttered reply.

"R-rosellllla."

"Mmmm... Rosella, my Ella."

Rosella had never had anyone call her by a diminutive of her name before. It made it feel special, something between just the two of them. She glowed with happiness, feeling cherished and loved. She wasn't sure how she got here in the tower, but at the moment, she didn't care.

Jamie continued to whisper words of love to her in his native tongue. She didn't understand it all, but it sounded exotic and sexy. Her fingers were clenching and unclenching his shoulders as he thrust in and out of her, and her own inner muscles were beginning to match the rhythm as well. When his lips slid against her own, kissing her deeply once more, Rosella burst, her pussy shuddering as it let down her juices, gripping his cock tightly. 

He left his eyes open and so did she. He watched in satisfaction as her eyes widened and her brows soared while the pleasure rolled through her body. He swallowed every sigh and moan in their kiss, and when her body began to relax, he thrust hard three times and burst inside her. She could feel his cock twitching as it coated her inner walls. She felt as if she'd been claimed, branded from the inside out by her king and lover. She could barely wait until she could call him husband as well.

Jamie sagged down on top of the princess's body. He was heavy, but Rosella liked his weight. Eventually he raised himself up onto his elbows and gazed into her face. Rosella felt a blush creeping up her naked body. She couldn't read anything from his expression, and was surprised when he finally spoke.

"We need get you tutor."

"Beg pardon, my king?"

"Tutor. For speaking. I not say what I want."

It took her a second to understand that he wanted her to learn the new Anglian so that they could communicate better. She was touched.

"When men come, we find a man to tutor."

He started to rise, pulling his clothes back on. Rosella pulled the blanket across her naked form, her mind whirling with questions she knew he might not be able to answer. She asked anyhow.

"My king, why am I in the tower? What happened?"

Sir Jamie paused in fastening his breeches. At first, she wasn't sure he would answer her, but finally he spoke.

"You slept again. The spell."

Rosella wasn't sure what to say. Did that mean the spell wasn't broken? Would she fall asleep again? Did that mean Sir Jamie wasn't really her true love and she had given herself to a man in sin?

Her thoughts and worry were interrupted as he leaned down to kiss her on the forehead.

"I come soon. Men here in hours. I prepare."

Rosella nodded mutely, but he was already heading out the door. He blew her a kiss, then walked out. Her feelings of safety and love were diminishing with every second he was gone. Doubts crept up on her, causing her fine brows to knit in worry. She didn't understand what was going on, but she vainly hoped that once their language barrier was gone it would all be resolved. 

Rosella felt so alone without her family or friends. She was desperate for Jamie's love. But it wasn't just the curse of the sorceress. There was something about Sir Jamie that drew her to him. She hoped it wasn't some fancy, and that they would be able to build a real relationship soon. Right now their relationship seemed to be based solely on his rescuing her and sex. Rosella blushed deeply again, then shook her head in annoyance. No one knew her thoughts, there was nothing to be ashamed of in her own mind.

The princess didn't know what Sir Jamie would be doing to prepare for the arrival of his men. She wanted to help, but knew that in most men's work she would find herself getting in the way. She wasn't strong and she didn't know much about fortifying a castle beyond rallying the troops. After her brief tour of the ruined keep, however, she did know that there was more to her worth than a bloodline claim to the throne.

Pulling her dress back on, she hurried downstairs to the dilapidated kitchens. There was a sturdy brown smock that hadn't been eaten by moths which she used to cover her dress. Her hair she covered in a ragged but clean dish towel. Rosella was surprised that the old brook cook kept in the corner was still stiff and usable. She began to sweep away the cobwebs and spiders, then found an old rag to wipe down the dust. It was hot, dusty work, and she was glad she'd had the foresight to cover her dress and hair.

She spared a minute to peek into the pantry and was a little glad to see that it was empty. Almost. The barrels and sac were ripped open and scattered on the floor, but the food was not rotting on the ground. Everything was completely picked clean. This would simply be a matter of sewing the sacs back together or replacing them, then nailing the barrels shut once more. 

Slowly she walked through the trap door into the cellar and noted that there was nothing more than a slightly damp scent to the air. Feeling around for tinder and a torch, they were exactly where she expected them to be. Lighting the torch, Rosella checked stock of the few prized mason jars containing pickled fruits and eggs as well as several bottles of wine. The canned food was probably spoiled, but the wine would hopefully be well aged. If not, she would find use for the vinegar.
