 ***Warning: This story contains a form of incest

Jessica ran her hands through her hair, collecting her thoughts. Her body was now sexier in every way, but would her parents notice? Sure, they wouldn't notice her large mess of pubic hair, at least not 'till the bathing suit weather, when a tight suit might give it away. Her boobs would be a bigger problem, pardon the pun. They were about a size and a half larger, and now her nipples were pierced too! She could probably remove the rings, but still, this wasn't good.

Pondering her situation, she looked around her room. On her nightstand was the fake cock that she had used beforehand, fragments of thought floating back to her. It was skin colored, proportions matching what a large, thick cock would look like. Previously, when used, it had felt like she had a cock of her own.

Moving her mind back to her current situation, she started wishing she was someone else. Maybe the blonde girl, who had been the first body she had 'worn', and the body that she had received those mysterious blue panties in. Made of a blue, stretchy material, they formed around her body, outlining her clit, lips, and filling in her ass crack. However, they currently had taken on a crotch less form, but could even be manipulated into a thong. They seemed to absorb all sexual and sex related liquids, which brought around an unknown effect.

'Blonde. Why couldn't I still be in that blonde? I could do what I wanted, not have to worry about anything. Blonde!' Jessica thought these, over and over, picturing the blonde in her mind.

Suddenly, the blue panties grew tight around her body, and a soothing wave of comfort flowed through her body. Her eyes shut, trying to stay in the moment. The tingle slowly wore off, and Jessica opened her eyes. Her body felt curvier than it had before, and sitting up, Jessica looked at her body. Dark blonde pubes, a light fluff, sat above her pussy, and a blonde strand of hair fell across her face. Jessica's heart leapt, realization dawning on her.

She could change her body.

Screaming softly to herself, she began to wonder what else she could do. Getting up and running over to her drawers, she clawed through till she found what she was looking for. It was a powder pink t-shirt, which could stretch a bit to accommodate the heavier girls, or the busty babes. Sliding the shirt on over her head, she pulled it past her breasts, shirt clinging to the large mounds, nipples accentuated.

Hopping back onto her bed, shirt tight, she began to wonder what else she could do. 

In her mind, a red head stood, with same hair as the second body. A large, red mess of pubic hairs covered her pubic mound, the hair thick, long, and everywhere.

Jessica paused, rubbing her stomach.

The red head's stomach was huge, but smooth. Pregnant. A bit of stretch marks lined the sides, but not enough to be a turn-off. Her breasts were large and heavy, nipples wide and dark, a small ring through each tit. Her pubic mound was large and fat, very top coming even with her stomach.

Jessica envisioned this, and closed her eyes as the tingle went through her body once more. Her shirt was growing tight, and as the tingle went away, she opened her eyes. Her round stomach stretched against the shirt, her nipples thicker than they were before, the shape of her nipple rings outlined perfectly against the light pink shirt.

She rubbed her hands against her stomach, the feeling odd to her. The large breasts felt heavy, full, a feeling she didn't know. She rubbed them, an intense shiver shooting through her. Just as one of her hands found it's way to her butt, the fat pressing against her bed, a knock rang out, coming from her bedroom door.

Jessica shook her head, slight double chin from pregnancy jiggling. 

"Come in!" She said, no control over herself. What was she doing!? She was pregnant, naked, and currently a red-head. The door knob twisted, door opening slowly.

A man, black hair balding, muscled stomach contained by a white beater, stood at the door. Black curls of chest hair stood over from the top of his shirt. He had on lounge shorts, and no shoes.

"Hey, I'm home early, mom in b-?" He asked, opening the door. This man was Jessica's father.

Jessica laid there, her father staring at a pregnant, red headed body. She caught his eyes travel down to her exposed crotch, and saw a lump grow in his pants as he caught sight of her pussy and pubes. His eyes flicked back up, studying her face. She soon realized that he didn't recognize her, and that lump of his was still getting bigger.

Without even noticing she was doing it, staring at his hardening cock and licking her lips, she spread her legs, secretions flowing onto the bed. She took her hands and grabbed her shirt, pulling it up over her head. Her heavy pierced breasts flopped onto her chest, nipples pointing to the ceiling. Her hand was running through her pubes, but she took no notice. She was too enticed.

Her dad pulled down his pants, revealing a pair of smoke-grey Jockey shorts. A fat bulge was pressed against the fabric, its head poking out of the waste band. A line of precum wormed its way down onto the elastic band of the underwear, becoming absorbed.


Her first thoughts were "Hmm... What's dad doing home?" However, the first dirty thoughts in Jessica's mind were "Gee... Daddy has a fat cock. Wonder what he tastes like." Lost in lust, she poked a finger between her legs, scooping up some juice and tasting it. Her other hand held up a finger, beckoning him closer. Her dad walked across the room, more of his cock exposed. He knelt onto his daughter's bed and approached the pregnant red head that beckoned him. 

He brought his head down to the hairy cunt that was leaking onto the sheets they had bought for their daughter's bed, and pressed his face into it, inhaling the scent of sex. His tongue slid out, licking the juices from her cunt, then sliding up the slit onto her clit, were he began to suck lightly.

Jessica placed a hand against her father's head, pressing him deeper. His face mashed against her fat mound, rubbing against her curly red hairs. He got back up, chin covered in juice. He stared at her pregnant form, taking in the beautiful sight. Jessica reached a hand down and grabbed his underwear, pulling it down hard. His cock sprang forward, pressing against her bush. Jessica rubbed it against her pubes, and then tugged it, pulling him onto her.

They lay side by side, facing each other. One of her father's legs was hooked over and around her ass. His mouth was against Jessica's, separating only for air. He cupped one of Jessica's sagging breasts, rubbing the nipple between his fingers. Jessica moaned as the white liquid dribbled out from her swollen tit, dripping onto her father's hand.

As she lay kissing him, she thought back to the time she saw him masturbating to a porno. Was it just a coincidence that her current form was a great likeness to the pregnant slut in the video? Her mind said coincidence, but a feeling said otherwise. How long had she wondered what it was like to be pregnant, or how good her father was in bed?

Brought back to reality by her other breast now oozing milk, she forgot her troubles and pressed against him.

She felt his hand caress her swollen stomach, a finger rubbing against her belly button. It slid down her stomach and into her groin, fingers intertwining with her red curls. It stopped just above her clit, a finger occasionally rubbing against it to Jessica's joy.

Then a finger, maybe the middle one, slid itself into her hot slit, pressing against her wet walls. Jessica whimpered, the feeling growing like a fever.

She reached down and pulled his hand away.

"Let's see if you can use that tool of yours..." Jessica said, her thumb rubbing against the head of her father's cock. She leaned back, her body sliding flat on the bed.

Slowly she raised her right leg, hooking it around her father's back, drawing him close.

Her father's cock was pressed against the opening of her slit. With a thrust of his hips, he was in. With a rhythmic slap of balls, he thrust into her. As the speed and pleasure increased, so did the tone of Jessica's moans.

"Ohh... Oh god... Oh god, daddy! Harder!" Jessica cried.

His hips began to thrust faster, the slap of balls occasionally being punctuated by a grunt.

"That's right, you pregnant bitch! Who's your daddy? Have you been a good slut?"

"Yesss... Oh god... Yes daddy!" Jessica moaned, mashing herself against him.

"Do you want to get me preggers, daddy? Get your whore of a daughter pregnant? Do you wish when you pop it in your wife's ass, it was Jessica's you were fucking? How bout all the cock's I've blown daddy? Do you want to fuck your daughter?" Jessica yelled, cumming hard on her father's cock.

"Yesssss!" Her father shouted, spraying deep into the fat cunt of Jessica. Jessica lay kissing him until he fell asleep, then got up and went out the door. She looked down the hall. To mom's room, or to Tony's? Mother, or brother, why not both?

Jessica turned around and went into her room, grabbing the life-like dildo from her nightstand. She then left her room, and looking both directions, began heading towards her mother's room.

Carefully, so the door didn't squeak when opened, Jessica snuck her way into her parents' bedroom. She now stood before the nearly naked form of her mother. She grabbed the dildo by the shaft and placed it against her clit, holding it still for a few seconds. A feeling of suction, then presto, a cock. Yet, this too had changed. It was enormous now, no where near what a normal, or for that matter large cock should be. It hung flaccid down to her knees, and Jessica always had long legs. She fondled it for a few seconds, and then stopped. She could feel all of it, that was good. Nothing numb. Closing her eyes, she concentrated.

When the tingle diminished, Jessica examined herself. She had short black hair, a porn star trim job downstairs, and wearing a pair of blue Jockeys. Her breasts were smaller, barely noticeable. Her body had made itself muscular, forming a six-pack and small biceps on Jessica's body. A sharp pain caused her to look down. Her enormous penis was crammed into the shorts, creating a massive, serpentine bulge that almost had to be triple-folded and was practically busting out of the shorts. She looked back at the form of her mother, who appeared to be sleeping. Rubbing her cock through her underwear, she got onto the bed.

She slowly put a hand onto her mother's breast, and squeezed lightly. A small smile formed at the corner of her mom's mouth, and a hand reached over against Jessica's shorts. It rubbed the form of the coiled, flaccid cock, and expertly guided it up and out of its containment. The shorts were at mid-thigh now, and Jessica's cock lay limp against her stomach, the cock's head resting between her breasts. Her mother's hand had soon begun to work the monstrosity to erection, and soon her mouth was lowered around the fat shaft, her tongue tracing the large purple top. Jessica lay there, enjoying the feeling of her mother's lips pressing down around the shaft of her cock, and the occasional line of spit dripping down and onto her balls. Her mother continued to blow Jessica for about three more seconds, before she stopped.

"Honey? Did you, like take any pills or anything? Your penis is gigantic!" Her mother asked, rubbing the wet cock with her hand. Jessica only grunted and guided her mother's hand up and down her cock.

"Well, whatever it is, I love it!" Her mom said, running her hand across Jessica's enlarged ball sack. "Even your balls feel bigger! Gawd!" her mom said a little loudly, and dove forward, shoving Jessica's cock to the back of her throat and down. She began pumping her head down harder, her throat contracting around the thick member. She pulled away and gagged, drooling over her daughter's ball sack. Her mouth moved to one of the large testicles and placed the whole thing inside her mouth. Her hand was working the shaft. After a few long strokes, she moved her mouth back over the cock and began to suck Jessica's dick once more. Yet again, she could only fit so much before she gagged. Jessica pressed her head downward, forcing her to take more.

In her mind Jessica was dirty. 'So that's where I get all my blowjob skills from... Mom you whore!'

She was brought back to reality by the growing swirl of pleasure as her cock twitched and exploded, shooting forth its creamy content. Her mother's mouth began to overflow from all the liquid, but still she swallowed the sticky load. Wave after wave, she continued to swallow, until Jessica's cock went limp in her mouth and she finally lay back. Jessica moved a hand down to the pair of moist cotton panties her mother was wearing and traced the outside of her lips. Good god, her mom was so hot down there.

"Mmmhh... Fuck me Derrick... Fill me up you stud." Her mother moaned, touching herself and writhing on the bed.

'Wait a sec... Who the hell is Derrick? Dad's name is Joseph! Oh my god... Mom's cheating on him! She think's I'm this Derrick guy... She's not expecting dad to be home 'til tomorrow! This is so fucking hot.' Jessica thought, her hand still massaging her mother's crotch.

Her mother's hand found its way to Jessica's cock, and worked its way up, moving across her stomach, then chest, where it stopped. It traced itself over Jessica's petite tits, rubbing them lightly. She had no idea that they were breasts at all! Pushing the hand's away from her chest, Jessica brought her leg over her mother's body, and pulled herself on top of her. Her cock was lying limply on her mother's stomach, coiling itself atop her belly button and snaking up towards her breasts. She brought the head down to her mother's oozing cunt and rubbed it against the wet cotton fabric. Like a snake, she pulled the top of the panties away from her mother's pelvis, and slipped her cock in, the massive shape outline against the tight material. She sat atop her mother's crotch, her cock tucked beneath the panties and herself, her own weight pushing it down against her mother's accepting slit. As if it had a mind of its own, the head of the phallus pushed against the wet lips, and slid itself in, slowly dragging the rest of it behind.

"Uhggghhg... fuck... it's not even hard... so deep... mmmhmm..." Her mother moaned as Jessica's cock slithered into her pussy.

'Hmm, Mom, where do you keep your toys?' Jessica wondered, looking at her night stand. She leaned off her mother and reached over quickly, pulling the drawer out and reaching in. She let out a quiet shriek and pulled her hand out, clasping the fat plastic object in her hand.

'Why mother, a butt-plug? You dog!' Jessica thought to herself, reaching back with sex toy in hand. Jessica's cock had begun to ooze precum, coating the walls of her mother's cunt with the slimy fluid. With the butt-plug in hand, she sat back down on her mother. Two more inches of cock had pulled itself in. With well muscled arms, Jessica lifted her mothers butt up, pulled her panties down to her ankles, and with a quick motion, placed the short, round plug beneath her ass crack. Jessica then lowered her mother onto the sex toy slowly, her mother's gasp telling her that the tip had made contact with her mother's anus. Slowly increasing pressure, Jessica pushed down on her mother's body, forcing her sphincter to spread wide to accommodate the fat plastic object intruding her.

A grunt, then a sigh. Her mother was lying flat on the bed again, no traces of butt-plug visible.

"Good girl." Jessica whispered. All her mother could do was moan and gasp. All the while, Jessica's monstrosity of a cock buried itself deeper, pumping layers upon layers of the slick coating on her mother's vaginal walls.

With strong hands, Jessica began to pump the limp cock that was buried in her mother's pussy. Looking down, she could see liquid flowing through veins, moving forth to fill the rest of the gigantic member.

Jessica had now positioned herself above her mother, standing on all fours like an animal. The cock continued to harden itself, and her mother gasped as her cunt was spread wider as the cock hardened. With her fully erect penis, engorged in her mother's slimy, begging cunt, all Jessica could do was oblige her mother's plea for more. Slowly, she moved her hips, starting at a nice, steady rhythm. Then, she began to pick up the pace. Her thrusts became faster, and juice from both her and her mother began to spray out of her mother's stretched cunt. Her balls slapped the bottom of her cock with an insane fury, and her mother's moans only made her thrust harder. In a muffled cry, she orgasmed.

Her massive cock was still, for a moment at least. Then her balls contracted hard, and her cock exploded forth, shooting waves of her cum into her mother's brutalized cunt. Even though Jessica had stopped moving, her penis pressed forward, pushing deeper and deeper into her mother, shooting itself wherever it could.

As the liquid slowed to a stop, Jessica sat up, her cock slithering itself out of her mother's abused, leaking cunt. Getting up off the bed, staring down at her mother's exhausted form, Jessica turned around and left the room, working her way out into the hall. All that was left was her brother.

First thing first, to get rid of this god-like cock. She pictured herself without one, and a tight tingle let her know something was happening. Looking down, she watched as the cock rose up and bent inward, the head pressing against her vaginal lips. Then, slowly it pushed itself inward, dragging along its body till only balls were left. With a light, audible pop, the rest of the cock detached and the phallus was gone.

Now, to Tony's room; upon entering his room, seeing his sleeping form covered in sheets, Jessica had a sudden revelation. She didn't know what turned her brother on! There was only one solution.

Porno hunt!!

She began to dig through his dresser drawers, shifting past a box of condoms, only to come up fruitless. However, a bright display of colored fish swimming across a black background caught her attention. His computer! She ran over and moved the mouse. Great! He forgot to log off. Moving the mouse and opening the web-browser, she quickly opened up his recent history.

She was appalled, yet she couldn't keep her hand from browsing a finger or two into her slit.

"Let's see here..."

Busty, toys, masturbation, odd/large insertions, lesbian, latex, anal, hardcore, deep throats, some pregnant stuff, celebs, a load of voyeur and up skirt, but it was the last site that shocked Jessica the most: a pure interest in incest. 

"Well, I can sure try to accommodate all these, but let's stick with the good old fashion things I can do right here. Let's see... Wait! What if these lil' beauties I'm wearing can do more than just change my body proportions...? I could have quite a bit of fun..."

So, Jessica began to plan. 'Tony was into incest, so she quickly willed herself back to her normal form, back before she was blessed with the panties. Busty, closing her eyes, her breasts began to swell to somewhere around the 40EE range. Masturbation... The only toys she owned were the black vibrator and that amazing dildo the hid itself somewhere inside her.'

"Can't use the vibrator, 'else I'll be pulled into another body, and I don't wanna do that just yet. That only leaves the stuff mom has. I should check to see if she has anything else besides that butt plug that's still in her."

'Masturbation, not a problem. Odd and large insertions, looking around his room, she figured she could do it. If she couldn't find anything, she could always try and get that cock to come out and maybe use that. Hardcore, I can do that with him, same thing goes with anal. Deep throat shouldn't be a problem, but wait! What if I...' Jessica thought deeply. A tingle ran through her mouth, and she smiled. Sticking her tongue out, she almost touched herself when she saw the pointed tongue's length. It was about 5" long, and had an had an unusual coating, like a slimy spit or something. 
