 -This has elements of mind control in it-

The door was unlocked, the little bell tingled her entrance. She walked confidently, without worry, without thought, walking past the shelves right into the back room. He was there, of course he was. That's why she came. She came for him, and what he had to offer.

"Jessica, I've been expecting you. Come here, stand straight, and don't say a word unless told to." The storeowner commanded. Jessica readily obeyed, a tickle running through her body; Anticipation perhaps? The man put down what he was doing and walked over to her, he gently caressed her body, and went to his knees. He grabbed the top of her blue panties and, after thoroughly tracing Jessica's swollen lips, he pulled them down. 

A feeling of suction and pressure coursed through her body, almost a feeling of loss. She felt empty, like she was missing a limb she couldn't quite finger. Her body, or rather, the modifications that she both willed and didn't will onto her body began to disappear. Her clitoris began to shrink, as did her breasts. Her hair slowly melted back to its normal color, as did any other little modifications she was or wasn't aware of. Within twenty seconds of having those little blue panties removed, Jessica was herself again. Well, almost.

Two things were different about her, that weren't the same before. First, she was normal again. No outrageous lust or the need for sex. Second, which I suppose contradicts the former statement; it felt as if she hadn't had an orgasm in months. And Jessica kinda sorta really wanted one.

As much as she wasn't attracted to the older man in front of her, he had some sort of allure about him, some sort of draw. Some sort of whatever the fuck it was that made Jessica want to fuck him. She didn't need to, oh no. She was fully in control of her body. But oh, did she want to. She unconsciously began to move her hand to the large bulge stationed in the front of his pants and without a second thought, removed any clothing she was wearing.

"I don't know who you are..." Jessica said quickly, "but...I-I want you." She said, on her knees now, before the man. His grin said it all. His grin said "I'm going to make you beg. I'm going to make you willingly a slut, and I'm going to make you do very, oh so very bad things." Yet, the man didn't say this; he merely nodded and kept that grin up, the blue panties still in his hand.

Jessica quickly unzipped the man's pants and removed them, grabbing his surprisingly large shaft and trying to coax it to erection. She frowned when she found she could not, that the meaty shaft dangling in front of her wouldn't get hard. She looked up, quizzically. The man only shrugged.

Jessica, feeling a sort of "I'm not good enough" emotion, quickly grabbed his limp shaft and moved it to her mouth, where a sucking she began. She rolled her tongue around his shaft, gripped his penis tightly and ran her hand up and down its length, nipped at his foreskin. She soon found her groove, a lust for more, and an erection shoved in her mouth. As she tasted his precum on her tongue, her hands went to her slit, a finger brushing her clit. The man only smiled down that same smile, and as Jessica looked into his eyes, she knew.

Standing up, she turned around, exposing her backside to the man. He reached around her and grabbed a breast in both hand, rolling her nipples between his fingers, his erection, held tight between her ass cheeks and his body, a somewhat steady flow of precum consistently oozing its way out, soon thoroughly wetting all of her ass. The man slowly bent Jessica over, and positioned his penis at the entrance to her warm and most certainly wet tunnel, and waited. He waited and waited, but not for long. Just long enough for Jessica to look back and let out a frustrated "Why aren't you inside me" groan before thrusting, stretching Jessica tight.

He pumped away, Jessica's cries and moans of pleasure unheard in the night. He rammed her hard, his large testicles slapping against her, her pussy contracting hard around his cock with every orgasm. She loved it, even though it had hurt at first. With her body changing back, she somehow had found herself with her hymen intact. The keyword being "had", seeing as how the man had obliterated it upon entrance, and yet, it had only hurt for a second, then the pain was gone, replaced by pleasure and lust.

It was a good forty-five minutes before the man came, Jessica having five mind-numbing orgasms in the process. When he came, he filled her. Flooded her. Drenched might be appropriate. Her pussy was full. Panting, she held herself up, trying to catch her breath and trying not to orgasm again, just the feeling of all that cum inside her. Yet, another orgasm was building.

As she was about to experience her sixth orgasm, the man, still holding the panties, muttered a few words, and, without Jessica's knowledge, the panties changed. It was, at a glance, a mixture of a snake or worm and an octopi tentacle. Upon closer inspection, what it truly was couldn't be determined. However, at the break of Jessica's orgasm, the man brought his hand to her swollen pussy, and this snake like thing crawled in. Jessica didn't notice. But shit, did she care?

When Jessica shakily stood up, she turned around, her eyes glazed over yet still seeing. The man spoke carefully.

"What is your name?" He asked, his voice strangely comforting.

"Whatever you would like it to be." Jessica replied, her voice monotone.

"Good, good. Your name is Jessica. When somebody addresses you, they will call you Jessica. When I address you, you will act like you have never met me before, or rather, like we have never been intimate. However, at any time I wish, and all I need to do is think it, you will do as I please. Our little friend inside of you will to see to that." The man told her, Jessica responding with a nod. "Now, when you leave, it is your job to infect as many people as you can, and infection is simple my dear. Just bring them to orgasm. Your body and new master will do the rest."

Jessica nodded in apprehension. The man spoke one last thing before Jessica woke from her trance.

"My dear, you are about to have a lot of fun." He snapped his fingers, and walked away, just as Jessica jolted from her trance. 

Looking around, not sure why she was where she was, or why she felt the way she did, Jessica left the store. She didn't know why, but she felt like school, or maybe it was just life, was going to be fun.