 The brunette lay on her bed, a hand rubbing her thick, erect nipples. The other hand was holding a black 8 inch vibrator that was being fanatically pushed into her pussy, the soft hum punctuating the air. A moan escaped her as she slid the 8 inch wonder up her slit and onto her large clit, sending tingles to her body. Her pussy, already wet from that night's previous 'adventure', let the vibrator slide in and out with ease, the cum and juices splashing over her outer lips and trimmed brown bush.

Her hand let go of her throbbing nipple and moved down to the pair of crotch less panties she was wearing. She did not, however, start the night with them on.

Previously, she had stolen the black vibrator, and come to an orgasm which caused her to black out. Upon awakening, she found her self in the body of a gorgeous blonde, and had proceeded to have her ass pounded, cunt flooded, and throat slimed, and that's not to mention the two huge toys she awoke to sitting on. After that incident, she found her way back to her own body, but some changes had occurred.

...The Changes...

The girl, Jessica, who had normally small C cups, awoke to find herself with the breasts of the blonde girl who she had inhabited, impressively large Ds. With the breasts came the long, fat nipples, and a large clit. Having never had anal sex before, and due to a preference of giving blowjobs, she was shocked to feel her anus wide and sore, along with a gaping, cum soaked pussy. The pair of blue crotch less panties she now wore hadn't started on her, but they had stayed. She received them while in the blonde body, from the man who ran the new thrift shop in town. They conformed to her body, and weren't always crotch less. They did this odd thing, where they absorbed any fluids that came in contact with them, and could be manipulated into a thong, or crotch less, normal, or who knows what else. Either way, they were on her now.

So, her hand, sliding off her large breasts, crept its way down to her blue panties, fingers rubbing the odd material against her skin and short pubic hairs. It felt so odd that she was doing this in her room, twice that night for that matter. What was even odder was the deeds she did previously, having done nothing that extreme, or even remotely close before. The thrum and tickle of the vibrator brought her back to reality, toes curling as a shot of pleasure hit her body. Moving her hand back up to her nipple, she pinched hard, and thrust the vibrating shaft as deep as she could into her cunt.

It must have been seven seconds or so before the orgasm hit her. Ripping through her body, leaving her mouth open in a silent scream, she thrust it in and out, repeatedly, the walls of her vagina contracting around the pleasure wand, sending Jessica in a pleasure spiral. As she was being wracked with pleasure, a familiar dizzy feeling came over her, and the world started to blacken. She let out a cry of joy, realizing what was going to happen next.

Slowly vision came back to her. She was hovering in front of a large bed, covered with pink silk sheets. On the bed lay a girl, head buried under pillow and face down, creamy white ass showing. Little red hairs could almost be seen. The girl turned over, red hair plastered to her sleeping face. She was wearing a pink and black bustier, showing off ample cleavage.

Jessica felt a hard tug on her essence, pulling her towards the red head's extremely hairy bush. Within seconds, she collided, slipping into the sleeping girls body.

A jolt caused Jessica to lurch forward, waking from her sleep. She gasped for breath and tried looking around, vision slowly flowing back to her. Her eyes focused to see herself lying on top of a silk covered bed.

Closing her eyes again, she felt up her new body. Her hands swept down over her bustier, sighing as she couldn't reach her nipples. Her hands went down to her stomach, feeling a slight roundness, suggesting she had a hint of extra weight, but not enough to be unattractive. Jessica had to bite her lip and smile at this, her previous body having a mirror flat stomach.

Her hands ventured down further, and Jessica gasped at the feeling of the hairy bush her fingers crawled through. The immense amount suggested she had trimmed maybe once, but no more. It was possible not at all! This differed from the blonde's body, which was on the verge of getting a little long, and her own neatly trimmed pubes.

A little deeper down, her fingers brushed against the hood of her clit, and Jessica frowned to find it smaller than the blonde's. However, the frown soon changed into a gasp as her finger found the barbell pierced through the end. Puzzled, she soon realized that the blue pair of panties was crotch less again.

She opened her eyes and looked around, admiring the place. She heaved a sigh and realized she hadn't taken the bustier off yet. So fingers working quickly, they undid the laces propping her boobs up, and soon her breasts popped free. She let out an excited shriek when she saw her buds resting on the average breasts. The rings pierced through each teat were a sight she had never seen before. Sure, she thought about it once, and one of her friends almost got one pierced, but never did. Her hand slowly wormed its way down and began tugging on the rings slightly, shivers coursing through her body. Just as she began to rub the other, she crossed her legs and moaned at the feeling of the barbell rubbing her clit.

It was about a minute or so later when a knock rang out, and a familiar face walked through the door. The 45 year old store owner smiled as Jessica tried to cover her nakedness. Shaking his head, he spoke...

"So, you just couldn't help yourself again? That is fine. You have already proven yourself to be a willing, fuckable slut. You have, however, now condemned yourself to this life. No, no, not this body, but the life you are living. Changes here will happen to your real body, and you will forever be addicted to the experience you are going through." The man said, shaking his head slowly. He continued. "That pair of panties you are wearing, no doubt you already caught a glimpse of what they can do. I see that they are crotch less, your choice is admirable. Now, there is a group of young ladies next door and I don't want to keep them waiting." The man said, turning for the door.

He turned, and in a flash, was standing over her nearly naked body. Grabbing her left nipple roughly and giving the ring a hard yank, he spoke.

"You better not fuck this up! I want every single one of those girls to be shrieking in orgasm by the time the night is over, do you understand me you little whore?!" He said, ramming a long finger into her moist pussy. Jessica gave out a shout and nodded vigorously, surprised by the fingers sudden entrance. The man took the wet finger out and stuck it in Jessica's mouth, the taste of the red head's pussy lingering on her tongue.

The man turned around, and walked towards the door, closing it behind her. Jessica felt as if a huge weight had rammed into her chest, realization dawning, and began to cry. After a few minutes of weeping, she dried her eyes and thought about what the man had said. Giving in, she picked herself up and went to a dresser that was in the room. Looking through, she found a black miniskirt, and slipped into it. Turning around and looking back onto the bed, she saw the bustier still lying there. Walking over to it, she picked it up and put it back on. Moving to a mirror, she saw herself standing there, and realized she probably looked like a slut. She knew that the thought was wrong, but the words in her head made her quiver with joy.

Turning the doorknob of the room, she opened the door and left, moving down a long corridor and descending down a flight of stairs. Walking to a large set of double doors, she saw a note taped to the handle. It read: "3 houses to the right." Figuring that the party was there, she opened the door and left. 

Walking across the wet yard barefoot shoved some sense into her. She wasn't going to do anything, just sit there and be friendly, she'll deal with the consequences later, she told herself repeatedly. 

Three houses later, she knocked on the door. It opened and a tall black haired girl stood there, beverage in hand. Jessica watched as the girls eyes went up and down her body. The girl laughed to herself.

"Forgive me, I'm Ericka. You're here for the party?" She asked. Jessica nodded. "Well then, you must be Jessica. The nice man a few houses over said you were coming. Come on in and meet the gals." Ericka said, moving aside to let Jessica in. Jessica thanked her and walked in, the cool breeze of the dark sky leaving as the door was shut. She could hear a lot of noise coming from a room or so over. As she turned to look, she felt Ericka grab her hand and pull her towards the source of the noise. Five seconds later, she was staring at four other girls, Ericka and she not included.

Ericka started to point out people and say names, but Jessica wasn't paying attention. Her mind was busy taking in the information her eyes were seeing. A big breasted blonde lay with her head on a brunette girl's lap, whom in turn was talking to a black haired girl with dyed purple streaks. Brown hair covered yet another girl's head, who was deep into a book.

The girl with purple streaks let out a loud sigh.

"It's about fucking time. Now we can relax without interruption." She said, unbuttoning the dress shirt she was wearing. A black lace bra now separated her pale skin from Jessica's hungry eyes.

A cheer of "About time!" and "Finally!'' filled the room. Jessica was shocked to see the lightly tanned brunette pull her tank-top off, light green bra becoming exposed. The blonde whose head was on the brunette's lap sat up, peeling off the tight shirt, large unbarred breasts jiggling to a happy stop, pert nipples pointing up in a slight diagonal angle. She tried to get a look of the girl in the chair, but stopped suddenly when Ericka told her to hold her cup, and looked to see hard nipples pressed tight against white fabric of Ericka's bra.

Jessica felt a body press up behind her, the tips of bare nipples rubbing against the back of her neck. She turned quickly, brown hair filling her vision as a tongue parted her lips. Her tongue moved to meet the invader, rolling over the pink muscle. The sound of a book hitting the floor rang out. They stood there, swapping spit and loving each other's tongue for minutes, and then a cheer rose and claps began.

Jessica pulled herself away, wiping a line of drool that managed to make its way down her chin. Looking around now, she realized that others were doing the same, the blonde making out with the purple streaks, Ericka doing the same to the brunette that didn't have her hand on the small of Jessica's back and lips on neck.

Jessica, feeling invigorated, turned back to the brunette, licking her way up her neck and across her moist lips. Jessica's tongue slid past the pink lips, crawling across the brunette's tongue. Jessica felt a hand against the back of her head, bringing her body closer. Jessica pressed her body hard against the brunette's topless form, enjoying the feel of the kiss and passion.

Pulling away once more, she quickly undid her bustier and pulled it off, her pierced breasts showing. She heard a gasp escape the brunette's lips and was pulled together again, her tongue grinding against the other. A hand found its way down to her bottom, a Jessica moaned lightly as her cheek was squeezed and slapped.

By then, all the other girls were topless as well; engrossed in the girl they were kissing. After five minutes or so, Jessica finally stopped, and shortly after the other girls followed suit.

''So, what do you girls wanna do now?" Ericka asked, fingers rubbing her tits as she spoke. Jessica looked around, realizing that she wasn't the only one who was mimicking Ericka's hand. Twisting nipples and flicking her rings, Jessica cried out with revelation.

"Well... Why don't we just do this, and well, some 'other things' as well?" Jessica said, reaching out and grabbing the brunette's breast with a hand. In response, a unanimous, lusty "I agree!" was shouted.

The brunette with Jessica's hand on her breast returned the favor, rubbing her own hand over Jessica's pierced nipple. Caught in the moment, Jessica squeezed the breast and kissed the lips of her current lover, only vaguely aware of her surroundings.

What she did notice, however, was that a few girls had gotten completely naked, and that the rest were following. Moving a hand to her skirt, she yanked it down, having it fall to her ankles, blue panties outlining her pussy lips and accentuating the large, hairy bush that lay covered beneath fabric.

The black and purple haired girl had moved her head to the blonde's robust breasts, taking a nipple in her mouth and sucking greedily. The blonde's mouth hung open, eyes shut. Her hand was beneath her, rubbing the trimmed pussy of her lover.

Ericka sat atop the other brunette's chest, rubbing the nipples she sat against into her pussy. Her second hand was fumbling blindly with the brunette's clit.

The brown-haired beauty that had her tongue around Jessica's slowly withdrew it, bringing it to the pierced nipple below. A tongue swirling around her sensitive nipple, her head swung back as the ring was grasped in the brunette's teeth and tugged lightly. Jessica managed to drop her hand to the brunette's pussy, slowly dragging her fingers around the sensitive lips of the warming cunt. Her middle finger lingered on the hood of the brunette's clit, which now was being rubbed repeatedly by Jessica's smooth fingers.

The blonde began to slide her fingers in and out of the black haired girl's wet pussy, bringing her fingers up every now and then to her own and the black haired girl's lips. The girl whose own pussy juices were being trailed across her lips returned the favor, biting softly on the nipples of the blonde, moving her tongue around the sensitive buds.

Ericka slid forward on the brunette's chest, sitting now on her face. The brunettes tongue moved in and out of Ericka's pussy, lapping up the pussy juices flowing onto her face. Ericka sang to herself, rubbing her nipples as her pussy was being eaten.

Jessica lowered her head so she was eye level with the brunette's hungry pussy. Gently moving forward, she brought her mouth to the slit, sliding her tongue in and sucking lightly, the taste of the excretions from the pussy was ecstasy. Jessica licked her tongue up the entire slit, darted it in, and then sucked on her clit. She repeated this rhythm for a while before burying her head completely in the brunette's crotch. 

The blonde whispered something to the dark haired girl and giggled. With a shift and small struggle, they were where they wanted to be, licking each others drenched slits. To put this more aptly, they were in the 69 position. 

The feast of pussy lasted 10 minutes, leaving girls with orgasms. Afterward, they sat on the floor of the room, panting and soaked.

"What, now?" Asked the brunette who lay on Jessica's soft stomach.

"I don't know." Responded the black haired girl.

"I do..." said Ericka, eyes fixed intently on Jessica's enormous red haired bush. Jessica followed her gaze, and returned it, checking out all the others. The blonde's pubic region was virtually hairless, save for slight stubble that was coming in. The black haired girl's dark pubes were grouped small, but thick. The brunette who was with Ericka had a little hair, as if it were trimmed awhile ago. The brunette who had found Jessica's mouth had a fairly small, brown haired bush, the curls making neat little rings. Ericka, who Jessica looked at last, was a shocker. Her black pubes were long, dark and her mound thick and completely covered.

Jessica compared her own to Ericka's, and thought her red hair won. The outer lips of her pussy were flecked with red hair, ending a bit before her anus. Beckoning to Ericka, she crawled over to her and ran her hands through the thick mound of pubic hair that guarded her cunt. Pulling lightly on the black hairs, she moved her nose down and inhaled the musky scent of Ericka's pussy. Feeling a hand brush against her ass, she turned her head and saw the blonde biting her lip, smiling. Then Jessica shuddered as the blonde's finger slid into her pussy and brushed her outer lips.

Jessica licked up between Ericka's legs, down and around her anus, then back up her slit into her mound, wetting the thick hair with her spit and Ericka's juices. Feeling a slight tug on her own bushy mound, she felt a hand rub and press into it, every now and then sliding a few fingers into Jessica's pussy to get them wet, and began again on the thick red hair.

The two brunettes were at it with each other now, rubbing the trimmed mound of one, while the other nuzzled against hair. They continued, one at a time, licking the pussy, then clit, then pulling on the pubic hairs.

Jessica's teeth pulled lightly on the black curls, but let out a gasp as she felt a finger slide its way into her tight little pink anus. Jessica, lost in a sea of happiness, lay against Ericka's hairy pussy, lapping up as much juice as possible and breathing in the heavy scents.

It was about five minutes later when Jessica orgasmed. 

She was busy with Ericka's tight ass, licking and rubbing her fingers gently around the light brown ring of Ericka's anus, every now and then sliding a finger in, when she felt a hard, round object press to her ass cheek.

She turned to look, and gasped at the sight of purple thing that was standing out of the blonde's pussy. The strap-on dildo was at least twelve inches long and no less than three inches wide. 

Positioning her mouth against Ericka's ass crack, she breathed heavily against the ass hole, waiting for what she knew was about to come.

She felt a cool liquid slide its way down the crack of her ass, and a finger rubbing in and against the rim of her anus. With a lubricated squish, she felt her ass hole stretch wide as the thick dildo slid its way into her bottom.

The force from the thrust sent Jessica forward, mouth burying itself against Ericka's anus. She licked a wet circle around the hole, and then slowly pressed her tongue against it. 

The sound of a moan escaped Ericka's lips as the tongue squirmed its way around her ass. Lifting a leg, she brought it over Jessica's head, and managed to flip herself onto her back, positioning Jessica's face against her black muff.

The blonde pinched her nipples hard, letting a tingle travel through her body. She peered over to the brunettes, who happened to be thrusting against each other, double sided dildo between both their legs.

Jessica, face against Ericka's jungle of a bush, inhaled deeply through the wild black hairs, chin rubbing Ericka's clit. With a small push, then a mighty shove, the object lodged in her ass slid forward, now half buried. Another thrust, deeper. Yet again, the purple giant slid its way deeper and deeper, each thrust burying Jessica's face in Ericka's pussy.

Three thrust later, Jessica gasped as the base of the dildo, along with the hips of the blonde made contact with Jessica's butt cheeks.

Moaning, pleasure started to well up. Pulling her self away from Ericka's pussy, Jessica's body rocked with each long thrust. It was a mighty thrust that sent her sprawling onto Ericka's chest, face brushing against breast.

*Slap!* *Slap!* *Slap!* went the base of the dildo against Jessica's ass, and in a moment of numb, Jessica orgasmed.

Pleasure flooded through her as the dildo kept pounding. A moan, then she opened and closed her mouth wordlessly. A shudder sprang through her body, ending in her vagina. An explosive spray of pussy juices erupted out of her pussy, coating the lower belly and black pubes of Ericka's body in a sweet flood.
