 It was about 1 PM when the girl got to the store. It was new in town, kind of like a thrift shop. She heard they had 'everything', so she decided to check it out. She brushed her brown hair behind her shoulders and opened the door. A cool wave of AC hit her in the face, but it wasn't unwelcome in the unusual heat outside. It was early June, but it felt like late July.

The clerk, an older man of maybe around 45, greeted her kindly and told her to feel free to browse around. Walking away, she looked back to see him staring at her. He averted his gaze quickly, and began shuffling with some boxes. The girl, Jessica, wandered up and down the isles, seeing things from toy guns, to make-up and discount jeans. After about hitting up maybe half the shelves, she saw an open door, leading to some boxes and shelves. Quickly looking around, the owner not in sight, she went in.

In the boxes were more useless stuff, knick-knacks and the works. However, in a box towards the very back of the room, she spied something. She peered inside and gasped. There were exotic pornographic magazines, oddly shaped vibrators, the largest dildos and strap-ons she had heard of, thick butt plugs, lubricants, liquid latex, nipple clamps, anal beads, clit stimulators and cock rings, blow-up dolls, fake vaginas and other odd arrangements of kinky sex toys. She started to dig through the box, when the sound of footsteps caught her attention. Scrambling quickly, she stuck her hand in the box, grabbed something, and ran into an isle quickly.

She dropped it in her purse, and left in a hurry. She ran home as fast as she could.

She had 3 messages on her answering machine, so she tossed her purse on her bed and went to call her friends. After all, what's an attractive 18 year old brown-eyed brunette supposed to do?

At around 11 PM, she got back from the movie theatre depressed. She didn't see any hot guys and it didn't help that the movie also sucked. So, sighing, she went into her room and locked the door. Peeling off her shirt and tossing it on the floor, she plopped onto her bed. Seeing the purse, she was about to throw it at her door, when the memory of the store earlier that day caught her attention. Scrambling to open her purse, she gasped as she pulled out the stolen object.

In her hand, she held an 8" black vibrator. She had tried one of her friends out before, but hadn't really tried it.

"Ah, what the hell? Why not?" She said as she turned the vibrator over in her hand. She found the switch to turn it on, and hit it. It thrummed to live in her hand, making a sweet humming sound that could only mean pleasure. So gingerly, she took it and started to rub her vagina through her jeans. It didn't feel that bad! Getting up, she unbuttoned her pants and let them fall to the floor.

Jessica sat down onto her bed, pink bra and thong her only clothing. She lay back against her pillow, and move the vibrator to her nipples. The cloth vibrated back and forth, making her nipples stand out. A flash went through her body, and she curled up, moving the vibrator down between her legs. An intense wave of pleasure rang through, touching nipples and pussy alike. Within seconds, bra and thong were forgotten, lying in a cute pile beside her bed.

The vibrator went into her trimmed pussy, a feeling of ecstasy floating around her body. Then, it happened. The tip of the vibrator found her clit and a moan escaped her lips. She began to thrust against the vibrator, wanting more and more. Her pussy was wet, and still she kept trying to hump the vibrator. Then, in an intense spasm of pleasure, she orgasmed. Trying to catch her breath, she was hit with another, and her head started to swim. Again, and again they hit her. Teeth clenching, nipples erect beyond belief. Toes curled and hips thrusting, she lost control. As a final, raging orgasm hit her, her pussy clenched around the vibrator, and she blacked out.

A floating sensation, like in a dream. She was hovering in a room, dimly lit. Her eyes adjusted slowly, but she could hear noises from below. She slowly lowered her self.

A girl, blonde hair and big of breast, no more than 20, was sitting in a chair. She was surrounded by another blonde girl, perhaps older, and a man. A wave of Déjà Vu hit her, along with a jolt of recognition. The man she was staring at, though she could only see his back, was the owner of that new store she just visited.

"Hey, what's going on?" She cried out in an ethereal voice. The three didn't hear her. She tried again a few more times, but again to no avail. She submitted and watched the scene unfold before her eyes.

The blonde in the chair appeared to be sitting uncomfortably, and was shaking her head as if disagreeing with something. Words drifted up to were Jessica was floating.

"No, I won't do it. I'm not going over there!"

"But you must!" The man's voice.

"Come on... You don't want to have me make you, do you baby?" Said another girl's voice.

"No! Nohhh... God..." Said the first voice, sounding like it was feeling intense pleasure.

Jessica started to feel a tug, not on her body, but in her mind. Slowly, she started to be pulled down, towards the people. She began to get some speed, and then 'bang!', she crashed into the girl on the seat.

"No! Help me!" She cried out as she was forced into the sitting girl, and was shocked to hear the words coming from the girl's lips. Her body began to feel real again, and she began to feel sensations. She felt full, and she was very horny. She looked at the two people standing over her and tried to get away. She only succeeded in pushing her self up off the chair 5 inches when she cried out with pleasure.

The dildo that was pressed into her cunt was no where near small, and pulling away caused yet another wave of pleasure. The one filling her ass gave her a queasy-full feeling when she tried to move. Gasping, she slid back down and screamed with pleasure as the two massive sex toys slid farther into her. As she plopped back down onto the seat, she felt a weight pulling on her nipples, causing a blur of pain and pleasure. The sharp bite of the nipple clamps was an experience that she had never felt before.

"Well, will you do it now then?" The other blonde girl asked, slipping her tongue into the mouth of the girl who Jessica was inhabiting. Jessica moaned and nodded her head, trying to push down on the gargantuan dildos filling her body. She heaved her chest, the nerves from her tits responding to the pull of the weights in an untamed shout.

"Good, then I guess its time for your treat." Said the blonde girl, moving in front of Jessica. Jessica tried to move her hands to play with her nipples, or her clit, or anything, but found them to be tied down with leather straps. The blonde girl moved over Jessica and sat on her lap, straddling her. The additional weight of the blonde girl pushed Jessica's pussy against the dildo even further.

Her pussy juices ran freely down the thick shaft of the dildo, grouping around the base. The girl who was straddling Jessica took off the nipple clamps and began to run her hands over Jessica's now-large tits. Her nipples were fatter and longer, looking as if they were ready to burst. The other girl, Emily, took one of Jessica's large, fat nipples and rolled it between her thumb and forefinger, and then placed it in her mouth. She began to whorl her tongue around it and suck with enthusiasm. She switched from tit to kisses, and kisses to tit, tongue always moving.

Meanwhile, one of her hands was tucked underneath her, fingers in her own pussy to the knuckle. When she was nice and wet, she took her fingers out and rubbed them across Jessica's lips, her tongue flicking out to taste. Then, going back down to the wet slit between her, she took her drenched hand and gripped the shaft of the dildo. 

Her hand, now wet with her own juices, slid up and down the shaft of the soaked dildo, Jessica's own pleasured mess adding to the ease. The hand, which started at the base, eventually found its way up the shaft into Jessica's wet, gaping tunnel of a pussy. Experienced fingers traced the lips of the sopping cunt and made there way to the clit. Rubbing, thrusting, finding, squeezing, tickling, her fingers were a machine. Jessica, already having juices flowing freely from her pussy, let out a shriek of joy that was soon silenced by the weight of Emily's tongue.

A minute or so later, Emily licked Jessica's nipple one last time, and lowered her head to Jessica's now blonde-haired bush. Emily buried her mouth against Jessica's huge mound of curly pubic hair, licking the entire region of her sex. Finally, pulling away, a cupped hand came down and played with her curly, blonde pubes, fingers dancing. With an increasing pressure being applied, Emily could feel the dildo through Jessica's hairy pubic mound. After a few pressured strokes, another bout of juice made its way out of Jessica's deliciously wet lips, and onto Emily's tongue. 

Jessica's breath was heavy, eyes closed for about a minute. When she opened, the man spoke.

"Now, now, Stacy, or should I say, Jessica, you must get ready for the party." Jessica, as if in a trance, nodded. Emily walked back over, and with a hand on Jessica's breast and a hand on her back, she helped her up.

The full-feeling slowly left her as the anal dildo slid out first, followed shortly after by the wet one that was buried almost base deep in her delicious cunt. She stood on shaky legs, and touched her pussy. It was spread wide, and it was leaking onto the floor, and the sight of it made her wanting more things done to her.

"Your room is on the right. Get into something... sexy" The man said, pointing towards a wooden door.

Jessica, moving awkwardly towards the door, nodded. She grasped the door knob and looked back. She saw Emily rubbing her tongue up and down the shaft of the dildo that was inserted into Jessica's pussy, hand on the one from her ass, and almost touched her self when Emily stood on the chair and squatted into the thick dildo, letting it slowly enter the moist cavern that awaited.

Jessica found her room, or a room, not knowing if it was hers, and went inside. There were dressers, and closets full of clothing. As she looked around, a note, lying on the bed, caught her eye. She picked it up and read it.

'These clothes are at your disposal, wear any that you like. The only exception is that you wear the pair of blue panties that are lying on the pillow. You will find that they are... exceptionally comfortable and conforming. Remember my little slut, dress to fuck.'

She read and reread the note again. Looking around, she saw the pair of panties on the pillow. She slowly walked over to them and sat on the bed. Shifting them around in her hands, the panties felt like they were made of an odd material, one that she couldn't quite place. Bending down, she brought her left leg, then her right through the blue panties and brought them up. The feeling of clothes on her skin felt odd, as if she hadn't been dressed in weeks. However, looking down, she saw that the panties were forming themselves to her body, filling in down the crack of her ass, and forming around the swollen lips of her still wet pussy. She could feel the juices, but looking down at herself, could not see them.

She sat up, feeling better, and went to some drawers. She eventually found herself some tight cloth short-shorts, some name brand or another. They hugged her hips, her ass, now larger than her real one was, filled the back of it perfectly. For a shirt, she decided to go braless and chose a white shirt that showed off little cleavage, but really was tight so her tits pressed out to great lengths. Her nipples, still a little hard from earlier, made the shirt a wonder to lust for.

She was reaching for the door when a knock came from the other side. She opened it and Emily was there. Emily eyed Jessica's body from top to bottom and smiled. She reached her hands forward and brought Jessica's head to her own, slipping her tongue in for a quick wrestle. Jessica smiled and brushed a strand of blonde hair out of her eyes.

"Here, let me help you with that." Emily said, reaching for another strand. "Here, come with me."

She led Jessica to the bed and sat her down. She then proceeded to give Jessica pigtails, which when done, made Jessica appear to be an innocent school-girl with a slut body.

"There, now the party is going on next-door, and remember what he said... Be sexy, you little slut." Emily said smiling. She grabbed Jessica's hand and led her out of the room. Jessica followed down a hallway, took a turn, and was at a door. She could see it was dark outside.

"Here's where I leave you." Emily said, moving up to Jessica and kissing her again. Jessica returned the favor, and let out a gasp as one of Emily's hands found her breast, other squeezing her ass. "Good luck, and have a hell of a time. Oh, and when you get back, I want to see a gaping asshole, and I want to be able to fist-fuck your cunt sideways."

Jessica nodded and opened the door. There was a bunch of cars parked two houses away, and people were outside. She guessed there would be a lot of drunks, due to the chants of "Chug" and a passed out person or two. She walked across the lawn, and made her way up to the house. She opened the door, and went in. A group of guys turned to see the newcomer, and stared in shock at the bombshell that just entered. Jessica walked through a kitchen and out into what appeared to be a living room. A bunch of guys were watching a football game, a drunken girl was passed out by another man's exposed cock, and the sounds of a creaking bed and yells suggested that somebody was having a good time.

Jessica walked passed the people and found a bathroom. She opened the door and went inside. Closing it behind her, she sat on the toilet and began to finger herself. She was then going to wipe herself, but stopped and stood up. The panties slid up and felt great against the wetness of her juices. She turned and looked into the mirror, admired her body, and pulled her pants back down. Her panties had taken on the outline of her clit, which stood out slightly from its hood, and was shocked to see that it was fairly large. She touched it and gave a shudder. Feeling dirty, but having a good time, she pulled the back of her panties into her ass crack and tightened her cheeks. After letting her cheeks do a post-flex jiggle, she saw that the panties remained in her crack, like a thong. In fact, it had somehow changed into a thong. Smiling, she pulled the top of her panties higher, and pulled up her pants. A good 4 inches of the blue thong showed, and since her breasts made her shirt ride high, it was completely visible. She walked out, hips swaying. 

Again, she entered the living room, but this time, she lingered. She was looking at the guys on the couch, who until she entered, were watching the game. She could see a twitch or two in some of the pants, and had to smile.

"Easy as pie." She murmured to herself. Reaching into her purse, she grabbed a lipstick container and pulled it out. Turning around, she 'accidentally' dropped the lipstick. Giving out a fake, but audible sigh, she bent over and grabbed the fallen accessory. However, she didn't stand back up. She looked between her legs and saw a mass of guys staring at her. Smiling she spoke.

"Whichever one of you has the biggest prick; I'll let you 'prick' me in my fat ass." She said loudly, as she pulled down her pants. She closed her eyes as the cool air assaulted her ass and the sound of zippers rang out. She finally opened her eyes and stood up. Turning around, she saw a mass of guys standing with cocks at attention. She eyed each of them carefully. About half way down the line of horny young men, she found the biggest of the lot. 

She slowly sauntered over and grabbed his cock. Giving it a pull, she led him to the carpet that lay in the middle of the room. She whispered in his ears, and his penis twitched. She moved behind him and reached around, grabbing his cock in her hand. She gingerly stroked it, and smiled. She move from behind him to in front, and got on her hands and knees. Looking behind her, she smiled and grabbed the line of her thong and moved it to the side. She held it there, waiting, head facing forward. 

About 2-3 seconds later, she felt the bulbous head of his cock press against her sphincter. The touch of it on the rim of her anus made a shudder climb through her body, and her nipples began to harden. She heard a grunt, and she felt part of her asshole open, cool air hitting it. She reached back and found his cock, urging it inward. With a push, it was in. Just the feeling of the long throbbing cock being inside her made her gasp in pleasure. His cock slowly moved in and out, his breath becoming ragged. Jessica breathed heavily and thrust back against his cock, urging it deeper. Her pussy was wet now, a drop or eight leaking out and wetting the front of her panties. She reached down with a hand and began to rub her clit, the material of the panty formed around the large clit adding an otherworldly feeling. About half a minute later, the breath of the guy behind her stopped, his cock twitched.

She thrust hard against it, forcing him back and to the ground, cock still in her ass. She was panting as he pumped wave after wave of cum into her ass. After he stopped cuming, which lasted quite a while, she moved herself off of his cock and stood up, his cum leaking down onto the line of her thong. She stood staring at the rest of the guys who were standing there, and pulled her shirt off.

While her shirt came off and her boobs popped out in a jolly bounce, the excess cum that was leaking down her ass crack was being absorbed into the thong. Jessica squatted down, breasts bouncing all the while, and grabbed the back of her thong, she pulled the thong string out, and now the panties were normal again. However, this didn't last. The wet spots of her juices were still there, shining up from her moist pussy. A line was made down the crack of her ass, from where all the juices had went. 

Jessica stuck a finger at the mouth of her hidden pussy, and pressed it in. Juices flowed from the side of her panties, and down the inside of her creamy thighs. She pinched the bottom of her panties, and pulled. The bottom came off, and she laughed in excitement over her new pair of crotch less, and ass less panties.

She sat on the ground, rubbing her left nipple with her hand, while the other played with her clit, now throbbing.

"So, who's ever wanted to circle jerk onto a wet, horny, big-breasted slut?" Jessica asked, licking some of her juices from her fingers. A chorus of "Aye!" and "Me!" filled the room. So, Jessica laughed and lay on the floor. She waited for about 10 seconds, then she spoke.

"Come get it then."

She had about 8 guys standing around her in a circle. She was on her knees now, looking at eye level with each of there cocks. She touched one or two, then gave a shout.

"Don't just stand there, FUCK!" She cried, watching as a bunch of hands moved back and forth. She went around the circle, touching this guys balls, rubbing this guys head, licking this guy's shaft. She went around again and again, and when someone started to cum, she told him to pinch it. Eventually, there were 3 guys who hadn't started to cum yet, so she decided to give them a little 'treat'. She went to the first guy, and began running her tongue up and down his shaft. She kept doing this, and eventually placed his cock in her mouth, tongue moving always. When she placed the tip of her tongue to the slit of his penis, she could taste a bit of his cum, so she brought her head back and told him to hold. The next guy had his balls in her mouth, each one being sucked on and licked, until his moment was about to come.
