 Hi everyone! Thanks for reading the first chapter of this story, I really appreciate it and it helped give me confidence to write this chapter too. Again, feel free to leave comments or suggestions in the comment section. I'll appreciate the feedback and it'll help me moving forward. Hope you like the second chapter! Thanks.

Part 1- Captured 

Kodi finally awoke and came to after being stunned again by one of the guards. She wasn't sure where she was, but she could tell she wasn't in the holding cells anymore. Her body, only covered by a white t shirt, was spread out on a metal table, with her arms and legs restrained in metal cuffs. She was blindfolded, and she couldn't speak, even though it didn't feel like her mouth was gagged or taped. Thinking this was another torture chamber or examination room, she immediately began to panic and struggle with her arms and legs, to no avail.

"Relax, Kodi, no one's here to kill you."

Who in the hell is that, and how did he know my name? Kodi thought. It was a calm and deep voice, but she was still afraid and panicked. Because of her sudden awakening and panic, she hadn't even noticed anyone else was in the room. She wasn't picking up on the sounds of clinging and clanking in the room, but that made her even more nervous, knowing there was someone already in there with her. She had no idea what this mystery man had in store for her. She tried to scream again, but no sound came out.

"What's stopping you from screaming is what we call a silencer, a directional device that can inhibit the sound of whatever it's pointed at. It's different from having your mouth gagged or taped, because you won't feel anything, it's seamless. And I can turn it off too, if you stop struggling and try to calm down."

How does he expect me to calm down? 

"Like I said, you're not going to die. That's not why you're here. If that were the case, I would've done it already."

Kodi had to admit, he was right. Assuming this man was here while she was sleeping, and brought her here and tied her up, he could have killed her if he wanted to. He had plenty of opportunities. She didn't have much of a choice but to listen to him in the predicament she was in. She stopped struggling and trying to scream, although she was still worried about her future.

Kodi heard more beeping, clanging and other sounds. She wondered what the man was doing.

"Good, you've at least stop trying to break free or scream, although your vital scans still show that you're nervous and scared. That's to be expected. Now, I'm sure you're wondering what you're doing here, Kodi. Consider yourself my personal prisoner. You'll be staying here for as long as I want you to and you won't be able to escape. So, forget about Earth, your friends, or anything else. None of it matters anymore. The only thing that will matter to you is the sound of my voice and making sure I am happy."

Kodi's heart rate began to increase again, and she started getting even more nervous and tried to struggle herself out of the metal cuffs. What was this man talking about, being his personal prisoner and making sure he's happy? Sure, she was kind of glad that she wasn't here to be killed, but it wasn't much better to be a prisoner to someone for an infinite amount of time.

"Since you're still resisting, let me give you a sample of what the punishment can feel like if you don't behave and listen."

Kodi heard a beep again, and suddenly a low electric charge surged through her ankles to her thighs.

"These cuffs have the ability to fire electric charges through your body. That was the lowest setting, although for someone new to that feeling, it will still hurt. As the intensity increases, the electricity can reach your entire body, including the most sensitive parts. If you don't want to feel this kind of pain, stop struggling and start listening. Listening and following directions will be your best friend in here, Kodi."

Kodi couldn't believe that was just the lowest setting. It hurt quite a bit, and on top of that the sensation was strange. Still recovering from that last punishment, she heard a low whirring sound and more beeping, which she was learning meant that Ethan was activating something. Her body tensed up preparing for another shock to her thighs and legs, only to be surprised by a different feeling. A warmer sensation was almost tracing along her entire body, from her face and lips to her breasts, her pussy, and even her feet. Unlike the shock charges, this warmth was actually inviting and somewhat comforting.

"What you're hearing and feeling now is a sensory drone that scans your body and pinpoints which parts of the body are the most sensory receptive to touch. In other words, it finds the most sensitive parts of your body specifically, since everyone has different points of sensitivity. This can help me find points to give you pain or to give you pleasure and relief, depending on your behavior. I think it's actually found a particularly sensitive point for you, Kodi."

The drone was exclusively hovering over her nipples and her breasts, and the warmth increased to a heat as the scanning intensified.

"Actually, now that I think about it Kodi, doesn't it remind you of something you've made before? It's on the tip of my tongue."

Shit! In all of her fear and confusion from sneaking onto the space station to being held captive by a mysterious weirdo, she forgot about her stuff! The last thing she wanted was for her inventions to be used as study for the Society, the place that already had everything.

"You know what I'm talking about Kodi, I just can't think of the word right now..."

"My drone. You're talking about the drone I created." Kodi said with a disgusted tone.

"Now, it isn't like we haven't dabbled in cloaking technology before, but with the current state of Earth, it's honestly incredible that you were able to replicate those efforts. Little to no resources, poor work station probably. How were you able to do it?"

Kodi, as worried as she was, didn't want to tell Ethan anything about her inventions or devices. All he would do is use it improve the technology around here! She couldn't tell him about her drone. She wouldn't.

"Kodi I asked you a question. How did you make the drone on Earth?" Ethan remained calm but walked closer to her and held his thumb on a button on the remote. But Kodi remained silent, looking away from his icy glare.

"Okay then, let's see how you like this."

Kodi felt another surge of electricity course through her body, this one stronger than the first and starting from her ankles again. This time she couldn't handle the shock, and her body shook and quivered. It was still a strange feeling, one she would never get used to.

"So, I think you were telling me about your technology, and your process of inventing it?"

"No." She felt the same shock again. She wasn't sure how much more she could take.

"I could do this all day, but unfortunately I have business to handle and I'll be running late if I continue."

Kodi didn't say anything, she didn't want to give him a reason to shock her again. But Ethan walked to her anyway and put his hand around her neck, looking right into her eyes. Kodi closed them to avoid his glare.

"Now, I'm going to leave you laying on this table, with the cuffs on, but the silencer will remain deactivated, because these walls are completely sound-proof and no one else will be down here. I have work to do, but I'll be back a little later to make sure you're fed and nourished properly. Like I said, you won't be dying down here, not on my watch. But if you're disobedient or try to escape and I find out, there will be punishments and the pain will be worse than you've experienced so far."

***

"Sir, would you like me to go over all the meetings you have today?", Fran said as she was frantically going through paperwork in Ethan's office.

"Yes, please. Start from the beginning again."

Besides Ethan, who always found a way to stay calm, the Society was in a fervor. On top of the fact that someone tried and succeeded in sneaking onto the space station from Earth for the first time since its inception, Ethan recently had announced his plans for shutting down the termination chambers in a press conference that everyone saw.

Not only did this upset some members of the enforcement agency who believed in General Miller's ideologies, but it was also the first time that the Society's executive leadership had publicly recognized the chambers' existence.

People heard rumors and suspected things for years, but they did not know for sure nor did they know the details of what happened. Ethan put that all to rest during his speech, telling his people about the horrible atrocities that took place down there, and how things would improve once they were shut down. They were confused, upset, angry, sad, and anxious all at the same time, and Ethan needed to keep the peace.

"Well, first thing this morning at 9:30 you have a meeting with the foreman at the loading docks, along with the head mechanic."

"Of course, they probably want to discuss the stolen items and how the girl got on the shuttle, as well as preventive measures for the future. Good, what's next?"

"Well then you have a meeting with the director of the commons at noon, who is currently in possession of the girl's items, her backpack and such."

"Of course." Ethan was curious about that meeting. He wondered how she was able to produce technology like that on Earth when their resources were severely depleted. It intrigued him, especially because he was interested in technology since he was a child, and figured he would find out even more when he saw her later today.

"You know, if you don't mind me saying this Mr. President, it is quite amazing how this little girl, younger than you according to reports, was able to create such advanced technologies and be brave enough to follow through with this kind of mission, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is Fran. She was something, an unfortunate prodigy." Ethan said.

"It's a shame she had to go, but you always have to do what's best for the Society. Like your father always said- "

"The Society must always and forever come first. I remember Fran. He said it so much I thought he was replaying a soundtrack or something." Ethan and Fran both chuckled.

"Well you know how he was, so full of honor and righteousness, that old geezer."

"And you would know all about old geezers, you're an expert." Ethan quipped.

"Hey, who are you calling old?" Both of them laughed again.

"Well, I'll get back to work reviewing this paperwork and preparing for my meetings. Thanks Fran."

"Of course, sir. Good luck." Fran walked out Ethan's office and Ethan looked at her for a second longer as she left. He appreciated Fran's work, but he knew she was cunning and he needed to keep an eye on her.

***

"Yes, please more, I want more please!"

Alyssa couldn't help but moan as the sensation of her fingers circling her hard clit was making her pussy soaking wet, drenching her fingers in her sweet juices. Her eyes closed and laying on the bed completely naked, she was so close as she thought about being dominated and fucked hard.

"Please Ethan, I want to cum! I'm so close, fuck!"

She began rubbing her clit faster and harder with her fingers on one hand and squeezing her medium sized breasts and grabbing her pillow under her long dark red hair. Her legs were spread wide apart and she couldn't help but insert two fingers deep into her pulsing wet pussy as she imagined being fucked harder and harder. She mimicked the fast rhythm she was imagined with her fingers, pushing deep and hard. She just knew she would cum soon, and it would be one of the best thundering orgasms she's had in a while.

And Alyssa needed it, considering the stress that she had been under the past week since being put on administrative leave from her position as Ethan's assistant.

"Yes, that's it, don't stop, please don't stop!" she moaned and gripped her pillow harder as gushing sounds from her moist pussy filled the room.

"Ding dong!" Alyssa barely heard her room bell ringing over the noises of her fucking herself, and the loud, high-pitched noise took her out of her element and back into the real world.

"Who the fuck is that?" Alyssa thought as she groaned and got out of the bed.

"Who is it?" she said as she pressed the intercom button.

"Alyssa dear? It's Fran, I just wanted to stop by and talk for a bit."

"Umm okay, give me just a few minutes!" She didn't know what she wanted, but Fran was always nice for an old lady, so she hurried and threw on some pajama pants and a t shirt, and opened the door.

"Hi Fran, how have you been?"

"Oh fine, dear, being worked like a mule as usual." Fran said as they both chuckled.

Alyssa noticed that she was wearing the conventional white uniform with the Society's emblem, and it made her kind of sad, realizing she wasn't allowed to wear that uniform or work for the Society for an indefinite amount of time. Still, she was happy to talk to Fran, especially since she had remained secluded for the most part in her room during her leave.

"But enough about me, how have you been? Enjoying your time off?" Fran said as she sat down in a chair at her desk. Alyssa sat down on her bed close by.

"Oh I'm fine, just been doing some reading and watching some old movies. Just trying to relax while I'm not working." Alyssa decided not to tell Fran about how down she had been since Ethan put her on leave. It made her depressed, and she couldn't do anything productive since then.

"Well I didn't know ladies as young and vibrant as you still picked up books. That's an old people thing I thought."

"No no, we all still read. It's timeless."

"Of course. Are you sure you're okay? I know I've been filling in as Ethan's assistant, but it must have been hard to just take such a harsh punishment from him. And not being able to work and contribute must be difficult."

"Yeah I mean it has been kind of a tough adjustment."

"Why do you think he put you on leave in the first place?" Fran asked with a concerned look on her face.

"It was just a work thing, Fran, you know how he is, always wanting things to be in control and succinct. And I was messing up so-

"Do you honestly believe that's the only reason why sweetheart?"

"Of course, what other reason could there be? I messed up Fran, I deserved it." Alyssa was holding her head down now. Revisiting that day again was upsetting her.

"Well, what kind of work mistake did you make?"

"I mean I was late getting files to him like three mornings in a row, and other times this month too. I was just getting overwhelmed from all my duties and jobs and didn't get sleep and-

"I know, I understand." Alyssa was started to choke up as she talked and Fran leaned closer and embraced her hand within her own to comfort her.

"Trust me, I've been doing this job a lot longer than you have, and living longer too. It gets stressful. Still, I can't see why that would lead to this kind of punishment. It seems a bit too extreme. How did that make you feel, being cast away like that?"

"I mean, it hurt. It hurt a lot." A few tears began falling down her cheek as she spoke.

Fran didn't expect Alyssa to cry, but she knew something more was going on. She just had a feeling about these things, and she wanted to know more.

"Sweetie, why are you crying?"

Alyssa wasn't sure if she should open up anymore to Fran, especially about this. She was worried about the fallout. But she did feel comfortable talking to her.

"It's nothing, I'm sorry this is stupid."

"It's okay, you can talk to me about anything." Fran reassured her.

"Well, it's just I have...feelings for Ethan." Alyssa said as she took a deep breath. She had never spoken about these feelings before.

"What kind of feelings?"

"...strong...feelings."

"Do you love him dear?", Fran inquired.

Alyssa took time to think. Do I love Ethan? Certainly, she was attractive to him and cared about him, but she never thought about love. But, as she heard Fran ask her question, the word felt right. She nervously nodded her head.

"Well, have you ever talked to him about your feelings?"

"That's the thing, he never talks about how he's feeling, or his family and what he cares about. Emotions just don't seem to register for him, and it's frustrating."

"I know, he's been that way ever since he became President. It's just how he is. But he's been able to lead these people effectively, no matter the cost on his emotional health."

"I know that but like why does he have to put this impenetrable wall up and shun everything emotional? Why can't he just open himself up for just a little bit? I'm not asking for a super sensitive guy or like some overflow of emotion and crying, but I just wish I could reach him, and I don't know how. You don't understand how many nights we've spent together, going over meetings, new protocols, incidents and paperwork, and I ask him questions about his past or how he's feeling about everything, and he just refuses to answer anything, just tells me to get back to work or say it's fine. And it just hurts because I have such strong feelings for him and I want to be the person he opens up too."

Fran sat down next to Alyssa on the bed. "Look Alyssa, I been at this a long time, and I know how men are. Back down there, I was in a marriage for a while and had other relationships too. I met men just like Ethan who didn't open up emotionally or didn't care enough to do it. Truth be told, a lot of us don't do it. So, I'm not sure that I can tell you what to say exactly, but I can tell you a little story. Wanna hear it?"

Alyssa nodded.

"When I first met my husband, he was as cool as they come, just didn't get fazed by anything, that's what I liked about him. I was just a teenager so I didn't know how to approach him, but I knew I liked him and I needed to try something. After days and weeks of rehearsing in the mirror, going over my lines and stressing, I felt like I was ready to express my feelings for him. Funny thing was, I ended up seeing him at school before I had planned to tell him, I was gonna see him at his job at a local diner nearby. But for some reason, I just told him. I just told him I liked him and I wanted to see him after school sometime. And we were married a year after that, for 34 years." Fran smiled as she reflected back on good memories.

"Aww, that's so cute." Alyssa smiled back at Fran.

"So, I'm not telling you to do anything or what to say, cause I don't know. I'm just an old lady looking back at some memories. Telling the same stories over and over I guess."

"At least they're decent, you could've told me a boring story." Alyssa said as Fran giggled.

"That's true. Well I better get going, you know how busy it is around here lately with that girl coming up here and the chambers and what not. Relax dear, everything will be fine, just do what you feel is right."

"Thanks Fran, bye."

"Good-bye" Fran walked out Alyssa's room as Alyssa plopped her head back on her pillow. She could've resumed her activities from earlier, but she had more to think about now.

***

"Ethan, just who in the hell do you think you are!"

Ethan was in his office still working on paperwork as it was approaching 8. Fran left for the evening, but Ethan stayed behind to go over all the information he gained from the meetings he had today. Needless to say, he was busy when the General stormed in his office, yelling and irate.

"Well, Jack, I'm the President. I really don't like saying it all the time, but you always ask these kinds of questions and I have no choice. Do you really forget who I am?"
