 This is the first part of a three part series about a guy who ends up working as a short-term butler for three elf girls. If you like elf-fucking, this is the story for you!

~~~~ ~~~~

Responding to the knock, Chris opened the door, and in front of his apartment stood a strange black-haired woman in a red corset and a short black skirt. She wore a checkered top hat tilted to the side on top of her head and carried a black briefcase.

"Hello there. Chris, I presume?"

"Yep, that's me."

"I heard you were unemployed," she said. "Would you like to hear about an opportunity that I know you'll enjoy?"

Normally he would have shut the door on salesmen, but he had so many questions. "Uh, wait, who told you I was unemployed?"

"Nobody in particular. I have ways of knowing. So, interested?"

"Sure, but first, what's with the outfit? What are you trying to lure me into, a brothel?"

"No. And as for the outfit, I like it. It's nice and tight. I'm a representative of an agency called Firerose Services that, to put it simply, hires people to be short term butlers and maids for various clients. Although it's a little more complicated than that, I can fill you in on the intricacies later. Interested?"

"Maybe. Come on in, I'd like to know more." She walked through the door, and he closed it behind her. His apartment was neat and orderly, something which visibly made a good impression on her.

"Mind if I have a seat?"

"Go ahead." The woman sat on his couch and set her briefcase on the floor next to her. He sat in the chair next to it, actively avoiding staring at her long, stockinged legs which she prominently displayed.

"Oh, forgive me for not telling you my name earlier. I'm Victoria. So, want to know more?"

"Sure."

"We hire you and put you on standby, then we send you to work for local clients for up to a few weeks, then you get paid. You will usually be called upon for three out of seven days per week, but you're a salaried worker, so don't worry too much about whether or not there's an actual opening available. But, we do offer bonuses for people who adapt well to the job."

"What do you mean by 'adapt well'?"

"I'll need you to sign a non-disclosure agreement before I can tell you more. I have one in my briefcase."

"Already?" He figured it was a serious job if he had to sign a document just to know more about it. "Well, bring it out." Victoria did, and placed it on the coffee table, along with a nice pen. The paper appeared to be a standard legal document, but as he skimmed over it, he noticed faint red markings built into the paper. He assumed they were watermarks, and signed his name.

"Excellent. Now I can tell you about all the magic and weird stuff."

"The what?" Then the faint red markings on the paper began to glow.

"Oh, by the way, magic is real and I'm a sorceress. That's the first thing you should know. I had to make you sign that magical contract so that you couldn't tell anyone about it. No, seriously, try and tell your neighbor about it. If you want to tell him, you won't even be able to get out the door before turning around and doing something else. Funny how magic works, isn't it? Sorry about that, by the way, it's just that we take secrecy seriously. So, what I said earlier was accurate, but we actually send you out to work for wizards and elves and all kinds of weird people who need to rent a butler but can't rely on any mundane services or risk public discovery. And there's a reason they put faith in us; before you get sent over to them, we put a little spell on you to make sure you don't trash the place or sit around and do nothing all day. So, it's a little more complicated than just being a regular butler, but the pay is really good."

Chris was skeptical, but intrigued. He snapped out of his amazed stupor to ask the important question, "What's the pay?"

"You'll be staying with your clients for the term of their service, so lifestyle expenses will be a little cheaper for you, but you'll make 90k a year before bonuses. Is that satisfactory? I'm not sure what the cost of living is in the Midwest these days."

Without hesitation, he looked into her eyes and confidently gave his answer. "Sign me up."

"That sounded enthusiastic. Shall I get out more paperwork to finalize your decision?"

"Go ahead."

After Chris had signed everything, the contracts glowed once more, sealing his employment. "Excellent. We'll mail you your supplies and your first assignment within a day or two, as well as a scroll to teleport you there. Any more questions?"

"When you said that you'd put a spell on me, uh, can you tell me a bit more about that?"

"It's a minor anti-slacking spell that makes it so you don't just sit around for the duration of your stay. It also forces you to attempt any tasks that you're told to do; but, it only makes you do housework and massages and things like that, so it's not like they can force you to be a prostitute or anything. If you wind up having sex, that's entirely your own fault."

"Sounds fair. But one last thing: why the sexy outfit?"

"Honestly, I love the way it looks, and since I don't ever show up to the office, I can get away with wearing it. It's quite fun; I like the looks I get from people."

"Alrighty then. I guess that's all I needed to know."

Victoria got up. "Very well. Take care, and the package will be here sometime soon." She left his apartment and closed the door behind her. Chris leaned back and wondered just what he got himself into.

About a half hour later, he decided to test the curse she put on him. He decided to, like her example, go and tell the neighbor about what happened. He walked outside onto the balcony, then made a left. And as he was about to reach his door, his body turned itself around and began walking the other direction. After regaining control, he tried again, and the same thing happened. Defeated, but now absolutely certain about the power of magic, he went back inside to do something else with his time.

Just under a day later, Chris got a large package in the mail. Inside was a briefcase and a bulging envelope. He opened the briefcase first; inside there was a tuxedo and a pair of dress pants, as well as a collection of cleaning supplies. Then, sitting on his couch, he opened the envelope and casually read over the letter inside, setting the rolled-up parchment within to the side for later.

Dear Chris,

Your first assignment is here, and in this package are your provided butler supplies. Don't lose them. Anyway, you will be sent to a magical land in a hidden forest, blah blah blah, look, there's three elf roommates living in a giant tree and they want you over for a few days to clean up the place. Elves are basically humans but with pointy ears, and their culture is pretty much the same as yours, so don't worry too much about adapting your etiquette, just act proper like you always would. To arrive at the job site, put on your new outfit, hold your suitcase in one hand, and pronounce the phrase on the attached teleportation scroll, then you'll be sent over. Ideally, you should do this at exactly 11:00 A.M. today, since that's the time they booked you for. And as for the return trip, it'll automatically bring you back after 72 hours.

Sincerely, Victoria.

Chris was surprisingly unfazed. Whatever he had gotten himself into, he knew it would at least pay well. And that excited him; if this job was for real, he would be making more than double what he used to, and with better hours. He packed up a few extra amenities, then followed the instructions on the scroll stapled to the back of the letter. As he pronounced the words, a purple glow surrounded him, and a flash of light momentarily obscured his vision.

When his vision cleared, two tall, beautiful, pointy eared women in white gowns and stockings stood before him, and a third sat on a leather couch behind them. He now was in a living room carved entirely out of a single piece of wood; presumably, the tree home Victoria mentioned in the letter. The polished floors and walls were lit by chandeliers hanging from the high ceiling, on which faint tree rings could be seen.

"Ignore the weird, ignore the weird," Chris repeatedly thought in his head. But on the outside, he was calm and collected. "Hello!" he said, before mentally rebuking himself for poor manners. "Good evening," would have been more appropriate.

"You're Chris, right?" the tallest one asked. Her straight hair was nearly black, but glistened in the yellowish light of the lamps in the room. The other two were slightly shorter, but the elf standing next to her had golden, nearly yellow ruffled hair and the one on the couch had long, wavy auburn hair. Otherwise, the three looked remarkably alike.

"Yes, that would be me. Today is my first day on the job, so pardon me if I seem nervous."

"We've heard," the blonde elf said. Her voice seemed slightly younger than the other one. "The salesperson offered us a discount if we took the new guy." She smiled at Chris, tilting her head slightly.

"Oh."

"Anyway," the auburn haired one said in a sultry voice, "I'm Rose, she's Lily," pointing to herself, then the black-haired elf, "and that there is Catherine." Catherine, the blonde one, waved at Chris.

"It's good to meet all of you. Now that we've all introduced ourselves, what do you need me to do?"

"Uh, Lily, got the list?" Rose asked.

"Yep, I do. Let's see..." She fished a crumpled sheet of notebook paper out of her pocket and unfurled it, then stepped forward to hand it to Chris. "We need you to do the things on this list, starting at the top. It's been quite a while since we've hired someone to come over, and we—well, mostly those two—are too lazy to do some of this stuff ourselves.

"Hey!" Catherine said.

Lily continued. "There's a spare room upstairs for you, and feel free to help yourself to anything in the fridge." Now that he had gotten over the initial oddities, he now noticed that the elves weren't wearing any pants or skirts; their clothes consisted of just long gowns, slippers, and white stockings. Rose's white panties were even visible as she sat at an angle on the black leather couch in front of the TV. If he were to look hard enough at them, he could just see...

He did a double take. "Wait," Chris thought, "Forest elves have modern appliances?" Indeed, they did; there was indeed a TV in front of the couch, and through a doorway carved in the wood, he could see an electric blender in the kitchen. The chandelier lights in the room were also all electric lamps, something he hadn't caught onto before now.

"Something wrong?" Lily asked.

"Oh, nothing, it's just that I haven't gotten used to this place yet. Could you show me around?"

"Sure thing," she replied. "I'll take him upstairs first," Lily told the other two. They walked through the kitchen, filled with stained dishes piled in the sink. "The dishwasher broke, but do you know how long it takes for a repairman to make their way into this forest? They don't have the same teleportation stuff your company has."

He was momentarily distracted by Rose and Catherine whispering something to each other on the couch but snapped back into focus. "Why is that?"

"Well, thanks to the fact that most magical organizations, people, and companies operate out of secret nooks and crannies and hidden places in the world, proliferation of magical swag—and 'magical swag' is the actual scientific term for this—is very slow. Teleport scrolls were just invented recently. But enough on that; here's the main hallway." They were now out of the kitchen and on one end of a tall, long wooden corridor. Again, every surface was polished, and electric chandeliers hung from the ceiling. The hallway curved with the natural shape of the tree, and a stairwell was at one end. Through a window in the hallway, Chris could see that they were just above the tree line of a large, thick canopied forest.

"How big is this tree?"

"A few hundred feet tall and pretty wide around as well, but we're fairly low down on it. Let's go upstairs for a bit; quite a lot needs done up there. Downstairs, there's just a long spiral staircase leading to a door that takes you outside, though some work needs done there too, particularly with getting the mold off the fence."

Lily guided Chris around the rest of the place, from the bedrooms to the small, dusty library on the third floor. "And that's about it. Take this list; it has all the things we need you to do."

He took the piece of paper and saw a long list of tasks ranging from cleaning mold off the front door to dusting all the shelves in the library. "Oh, one question; are you, Rose, and Catherine just roommates, or..."

"Yeah. It's not like we're related or anything. Turns out, you can't afford an entire mega-tree on the salary of a part time magic herb gatherer, no matter how good the housing prices out here are, so I pooled my money with these two. They're my best friends, but they can be such a hassle. I mean, seriously, our electric bill should not be this high. I guess they spend more time here than I do, what with their nine to five weekday jobs and all. Well, I have some things I need to go do, namely gathering more magic herbs to sell on the internet to wizards, so you should get started on that list. See you later today."

"Bye," he said, resisting the urge to question her line of work. She went downstairs, leaving him alone to start dusting the library shelves.

Halfway through cleaning up the library, just as Chris finished his lunch break and started sweeping the floors, Catherine barged into the library. "Hey! So, uh, do you do massages?"

"What?"

"It's been ages since I've had a good massage. None of my roommates want to do it. And since you're here, I figured, why not have the new guy do one?" Chris looked again at the list, which featured about twenty different things he had to do over the next few days.

"I don't know if I have time for that—"

"—Sure you do! Meet me in my bedroom in half an hour—no, fifteen minutes. Rose is napping on the couch, so nobody should interrupt us. See you in fourteen minutes and..." She looked at the grandfather clock sandwiched in between two bookcases. "...fifty-three seconds!" Then as quickly as she entered, she closed the door swiftly but quietly, and ran away.

"What weirdos," Chris muttered. This wasn't what he signed up for. He thought about how much massage experience he had: none. But with the magical contract and all mandating that he had to do what they asked, he'd have to go down there and give the cute elf a massage anyway. At least it was something different than just menial housework.

When the clock struck two in the afternoon, Chris nervously walked downstairs and knocked on Catherine's bedroom door. With a sigh of disappointment, he stared at the crude "No boyz allowd" sign hanging from a nail on the front for a second before hearing her say, "Come in".

He shut the door behind him after he walked in and saw Catherine laying on her bed, belly down, nude, and with a white towel covering up her behind. Despite the elegant wooden furniture, the room looked like it had been lived in by a messy teenager. She was waving her feet in the air behind her. "Hey, you're here!"

"Yep." He tried to maintain a professional state of mind, but the naked blonde elf on the bed teasingly looking at him with her sparkling, blue eyes wasn't helping at all. He did his best to hide the growing bulge in his pants and walked closer.

"It's a little warm in here, you sure you want to be wearing that butler outfit?"

"Yes, I'm sure."

"Eh... How about you take it off? A shirtless masseuse is a good masseuse."

Chris sighed and took off his suit jacket and shirt. "Better?"

"Oh yes, much better. I'm liking this." She absentmindedly stared at him for a moment, then resumed talking. "Now, how about you rub those hands all over me?" Without a word, he began to massage her smooth, silky shoulders. "Mmmm... Maybe a little lower. He obliged, and rubbed her upper back gently for some time. "I don't think my lower back is getting much attention, is it?" He shifted his focus down there. "Ah, that feels good. Do it all over me." As Catherine's back, neck, and shoulders relaxed under Chris' hands, she smiled and closed her eyes.

She spoke several minutes later. "Mmmm, my back hasn't felt this nice in a long time. Do my legs next." She kicked the towel off her body, revealing her firm ass and soft thighs. Trying hard to not let his arousal show, he began to work on her down there, molding her thighs and calves in his hands, and getting a faint glimpse of her wet warmth through the gap between her legs. Catherine kept her eyes closed, her relaxed face showing that she was enjoying the experience.

Then, she rolled over, exposing her round breasts, perky nipples, and wet pussy. Her smooth, glowing skin coupled with the beauty of her feminine features caused Chris' erection to throb. "The front of me could use a massage too." She sent a smug glare in Chris' direction, in recognition of the effect she had on him, and kept her eyes open this time as his hands caressed and prodded her neck and arms. Then his hands moved to her breasts, and he carefully massaged those, gently rubbing her nipples. It was time to move on soon, and so he massaged her belly and sides, tickling her a little in the process as she let out a stifled giggle. Skirting around her wet center, he teased her inner and outer thighs and hips, and his hands found their way all the way down her legs. When he was done, Catherine smiled at him. "Thank you. I haven't felt this good in a long time. But there's one problem."

"What would that be?"

"Your massage made me horny. You teased me a bit too much down there. Oops. I guess you'll have to fix that. It's not one of the things the contract says you have to do, but I think you're willing enough to do it on your own. Take off everything else."

Chris was undoubtedly turned on, but while undressing, a few thoughts popped up in his mind. "Should I be doing this?" was quickly answered and then followed up by "I really hope I'm still getting paid." Finally, his underwear slid to the floor, revealing his hard, throbbing cock.

"Now fuck me," she commanded, spreading her legs and displaying her tight pussy. He got on the bed, positioned his body on top of hers, and slowly slid his cock in, as she took a deep breath, admiring his first thrust as her hot, wet pussy enveloped his shaft. Then he began to thrust in and out, as erotic heat slowly built up in his groin. Catherine then reached out with her arms and pulled his body onto her. He collapsed and fell onto her, his chest now pressing tightly against her soft, round tits, and they began to kiss, passionately penetrating each other's mouths with their tongues and lips.

Fiery heat slowly built up within Chris' cock, and Catherine's pussy tightened around his shaft as he continued to thrust in and out of her tight warmth. Now entirely seduced, Chris had no objections to what he was doing. A few minutes ago, he was aroused but unenthusiastic, but now he was washed by erotic heat which permeated his mind and body. Catherine massaged her clit with one hand as she was fucked, pleasing herself to the highest degree possible. Then she tried to roll over and get on top of him, but in the heat of the moment, forgot they were already at the edge of the bed. They both tumbled off the bed and onto the soft rug next to it, and the momentary surge of adrenaline only served to turn them on more as Catherine, now on top of him, righted herself. She adjusted her body to slip the tip of his cock back into her wet lips, and after enveloping his entire shaft, began to move up and down on top of him while he thrusted upwards. Her breasts jiggled back and forth, mesmerizing him as they fucked.
