 It was hot and very humid for this part of the world. Just standing there in the dark of night, I was sweating. Or was it just anticipation? Maybe both.

I stood at the open window for several long moments, watching her as she slept. She wore only a white silk nightgown, and a plain teal satin sheet covered her from just below her shoulder. Long, dark hair flowed across her neck and down onto the pillow, the soft features of her face partly hidden by it.

Quietly I climbed in. I stood near the wall across from the foot of her bed for several long moments, watching her as she slept. Watching her bosom rise and fall with each breath. Studying the way her raven hair cascaded over her darkly tanned shoulder and the pillow her head rested on. Tantalized at the way the light breeze rippled the sheet across her curves. Graceful even in her sleep as she turned to one side or the other. 

This was no woman. No god could have created this beauty for a man to behold. She herself must be a deity, a goddess here on earth. Why? I do not know. But she was here and I marveled at the sight of her. Surely a lowly creature such as I would be struck down at the very sight of her. 

But I was not.

Dare I touch her? Would it burn me to ash at the faintest brush with her skin? Would I be turned to stone? A statue for her garden? I was paralyzed where I stood. I could not...

But I was compelled... Compelled by a force I could not even fathom. 

My legs felt impossibly heavy, as though cast in lead. But I moved, first one foot then the other. Fighting with all my strength to move closer. An inch. Then two. Silently, slowly edging closer to her. At the foot of the bed I stopped. And I watched again. 

Her skin shone in the dim light like finely finished marble. Perhaps it was stone, I thought. But as she moved again I knew. No stone so perfect could flow like that. It was flesh. And woman or goddess, I had to touch it. Even if the cost was my own life. 

I reached down. Carefully. Gently. And touched the satin of the sheet that draped over her form. I took a fold of it between my fingers and lightly tugged. It pulled taught against her form, the far edge trapped by her arm. I eased my grip slightly and let the sheet relax, just a bit. And I waited again. Watching her peaceful slumber.

A moment later she stirred. Rolling more onto her back. Her arm slid gracefully off to the side. The sheet was free. 

Again I pulled. Slowly. Fractions of an inch at a time. Studying the perfection of each square inch as it was uncovered. Then I noticed it. With each small tug the sheet dragged across her breast. The fine texture of the cloth arousing her nipple as it brushed across, then relaxing as I stopped. I watched closely as it jutted up under the thin layers of fabric and diminished to only a faint hint of its nature. From heaven, hell or earth she was a woman after all.

As the hem at the top edge of the sheet crossed her nipple she stirred again. Rolling to her side, then pulling her knee up and rolling more onto her front. The roundness of her bottom. I gasped as I beheld it, then quickly arrested it as her head turned slightly. I must not wake her. 

Again I waited and watched. Assured that she was still in deep slumber, I began again. Inching the sheet further down. Exposing the bare flesh of her back, skin taut over firm muscle. The dim light from the window cast oblique shadows enhancing each line as I uncovered it. They rippled slightly as she silently adjusted her position, snuggling into the pillow. A faint smile curved her full lips ever so slightly.

I fought to control my breath as the receding edge of the sheet revealed the hem of her short gown.... And the exposed lower curves of her buttocks. My heart pounded in my chest and my ears. I was terrified the sound of it would wake her.

The sheet now dragged across her bare skin. I pulled slightly faster now. The curvaceous legs appearing as it slid slowly but smoothly downward. The silky skin almost seemed to dare me to touch it. As the sheet fell past her toes, she moved again. Rolling her hips back, giving me the briefest of glimpses of the dark triangle of soft hair where her legs met, before the silky garment fell across it, hiding it again.

In that fraction of a second the intensity of my desire intensified ten fold. Holding a corner of the sheet in my hand, I leapt straight up. Pulling my knees up slightly, the soft pads of my feet touched down on the top of the footboard. I settled easily into crouch, my hands grasping the footboard for additional balance as I settled. My tail found the bottom of the headboard and wrapped around it, stabilizing my balance on the narrow railing. 

Assured of my footing, I pulled the sheet up to me. I carefully fed some slack through my hands, letting a foot or so fall free. I reached out with one hand, letting the flimsy fabric dangle, brushing it across her foot. Her foot twitched slightly at the touch, she pulled it back slightly. The smile on her lips grew slightly, but her sleep was undisturbed. I touched it to her other foot, sliding the soft cloth over her ankle and up her calf. She giggled lightly as her foot pulled away. Now she was just out of reach.

I dropped the sheet and carefully put one hand on the mattress. It sank in slowly as I gradually shifted weight to it. I watched her closely looking for any sign of disturbance, but her face remained peaceful. Her eyes closed.

I put my other hand down, carefully distributing the weight, inching closer again. Then my left foot. Then my right. I reached out slowly again, tentatively, towards her ankle again. My ears turned forward, listening to her breath. 

Cobalt blue fur on the back of my hand brushed lightly against the side of her ankle, only for and instant before I pulled away again. Studying her face and her breathing before continuing. My own breathing slow and calm now, I was not burned. I was not turned to ash, nor was I stone. My body relaxed slightly. Then tensed again as I heard something behind me. I turned. Her cat sat just inside her bedroom door. It eyed me curiously. I sensed only a slight nervousness in it. I reached out to it with my mind, "No harm will come to her. I promise."

A soft mew came from the animal as it turned and quietly exited.

I returned my attention to the object of my attentions. Still undisturbed. I relaxed a bit more. And again inched closer. Reaching once more, I ran the back of my hand up the inside of her calf, my fur barely touching her skin. Again she moved her leg, but to the side this time, allowing me another glimpse. I stopped, studying her again. All is quiet.

I leaned closer, as I moved a few more inches, taking in her scent. My hand brushed lightly against her other leg, just inside her knee. She drew it up and to the side, her hand moving down across her belly. I froze, waiting for her to settle again. She drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly, adjusted her head on the pillow and was once again still.

The fingers of my right hand traced up the inside of her left thigh as I leaned my face closer, the long whiskers on my chin and upper lip allowing me to judge the distance to her skin. They brushed her right thigh.

This time her movement was quicker, a restless toss. Rolling flat on her back as her legs opened wider. I caught the hand movement out of the corner of my eye and moved quickly out of the way, her hand just passing in front of my nose. I was still again. Closely studying her eyes, listening to her heartbeat for signs of waking. She was fully asleep.

As I watched, her hand moved slowly to her thigh. I withdrew my own hand, carefully allowing the hairs on my finger to brush again across her smooth skin as her own hand came near. She rubbed her hand briefly where my own had touched it. I breathed hotly on it as it passed again under my nose. The faint scent of her musk grew slightly stronger. I drew a deep breath, drawing the scent in through my mouth and nostrils, capturing the full essence of the scent. 

I waited again, until she was perfectly still. Watching her hand, only inches from my nose, I brushed her leg again. A long stroke starting at he knee and moving slowly upward and around her thigh.

This time she rolled. Instinct and reflex pushed conscious thought aside. Using the disturbance caused by her movements to mask my own, I half scrambled-half slithered over her right leg and dropped silently to the floor. I heard her sniffle once, and then her breathing returned to the slow shallow breaths of deep sleep.

Slowly I rose and peered over the edge of the bed. She now lay on her belly, her face way from me. The hem of her small nightgown slid down the hillocks of her butt and collected in the small of her back. The sight stunned me for a moment. I felt a trickle of sweat run down the side of my nose, onto my cheek. I licked it away and proceeded.

Rising again to my full height, I stared down at her. And I cast my spell. The words were whispers, barely audible, but their effect would be real. She would sleep and would not fully awaken for hours regardless of what happened. She would, however, feel everything in a state of semi-consciousness, experience it all and react as though she were awake. In the morning it would be no more than a dream. If it had worked.

A test. I needed a test before continuing. 

I sat casually on the edge of the bed, not being so careful not to cause a disturbance. She did not stir. I placed the palm of my hand on her back, felt the muscles tense, then relax, saw her smile just slightly. But she did not stir. I slid my hand higher, to her shoulders, rubbing across them. She breathed deeply and let out a faint sigh. Still she slept. I swept my tail across her legs and let it glide over the curves of her backside, the thick, soft fur tickling her skin as it passed over. She wiggled at the touch, snuggling again into the pillow.

My tail snaked between her legs, fur against fur as it curled around her form and across the front of her hips. She giggled sleepily and wiggled at the probing appendage, grinding it against the satin under her. With a hand I slid the thin straps of her gown off her shoulders, gently pulling them down her arms. She seemingly obliged, raising herself to allow the silky garment to slide under her breasts. My tail retreated momentarily as I slid the garment past her hips down her legs. She merely sighed softly and went about her dreams.

I massaged her legs, careful of my sharp claws; I would surely die if I were to blemish the perfection of her skin. The flesh was firm and warm, slightly moist with sweat. Gradually I worked my way up her legs to her buttocks, tracing with my fingers across the crease where leg met rump. I kneaded the firm globes slowly, savoring the feel of them in my hands. Her face brushed against the pillow, sinking further into it in response. I brought my tail once more into play, slipping it up between her thighs. She opened her legs wider, inviting me in. 

Instead I teased, sliding the fur of my tail through the cleft of her butt, the hairs bristling softly against it. She squirmed, trying to wriggle away. My hands moved to her shoulders gently arresting her escape. Her own hands moved alongside her breasts, as if for protection. She turned her head towards me, gently resting it again on the pillow. I brushed her hair from her cheek. She breathed more deeply now, her own subconscious desires building.

I leaned closer, sniffing lightly at the small beads of perspiration building on her back. I lapped them up with my tongue, it's rough texture dragging across her skin. Tracing a line across her back and down her left side. She giggled again lightly and rolled away from me, her breasts swaying momentarily after the rest of her body had stopped. There is no description that does justice to the feeling that washed through me as I watched. Awe is a weak substitute at best.

I could not resist. I moved closer again, tasting the salty sweat as my tongue aroused the nipple, its erection reaching toward my lips. I obliged, taking it my mouth, sucking and nibbling at it as my hand rubbed lightly down the flat of her belly. Her back arched slightly as I gave attention to her breasts alternately, my hand still caressing her tummy, tracing lazy figure eights around it. 

I moved my own body parallel to hers, lying closely against her. The lighter fur of my belly brushed against her, sending electricity throughout my entire being. My hand reached lower, finding her own fur. I massaged the flesh through it, feeling the moistness and testing its willingness. 

My whiskers dragged down her belly, tickling the flesh and causing minute tremors in her musculature. I felt them through my tongue as it drew tight circles around her navel, the tiny spikes of my taste buds causing deeper tremors. She squirmed as I moved lower, seeking out the source of the scent so strong now in my nose.

I moved to hover over her, my whiskers combing through her short tuft of hair, mouth open slightly, taking in the scent fully. And then the taste. A mix of sweat and musk enveloped my sense, warm and moist as my tongue explored her. I traced her petals with the tip of my tongue, feeling them grow warmer and swell as more blood flowed to her loins. And the hard little button exposed itself for me. I teased at it, the roughness of my tongue making her hips roll back. 

Her legs opened a little wider, her knees came up, offering me a clearer path. Then closed about my head as my finger probed her deeply. The soft fur of my finger brushed through the opening, sending shivers through her. I felt her hands touch the back of my head, her fingers roughly grasping at my fur and my ears. I heard her deep sigh and felt her hips begin a rhythm, grinding against my face. 

Was she waking? Was my spell failing? I stopped for a moment and listened again. No, her breathing quickly returned to the shallow breaths of deep sleep. Her body became still again.

I returned to my attentions, my finger finding the small rough bump inside her. I carefully rubbed it, then light taps and more rubbing. Her hands stoked my head while I continued my work. Long thin fingers combed through the coarse hair on the back of my neck. Her body contracted and relaxed as the intensity of her pleasure rose.

I felt the waves of deep tremors wash through her body, her fingers clutched my fur, pulling me towards her face. I complied, slowly moving up her body, my tongue tracing a jagged line past her navel and up her belly, between her breasts and around her neck. I licked roughly up the line of her jaw and behind her ear. She gasped. And then, again, deeper, as I entered her. 

I pushed slowly, firmly to the full depth, then paused there, my head rolled back sharply against my will. My senses tingled, feeling the warm, wet pressure against me. I slowly retreated, paused and pushed fully into her again. Her hands found my back, her own talons lightly dragging through my fur. I stroked again teasingly slow. Feeling every inch and savoring it. Her hips chased me as I retreated once more, lifting off the bed to hold me in her. Her nails raked harshly up my sides, compelling me to thrust again, harshly this time. 

Her voice broke the air, a shrill, gasping cry, as I plunged into her again. Her legs wrapped around me, pulling me in. Her hips ground against me, her desire starkly evident on her face. My hands stroked the light ridges of her ribs, feeling her muscular form tense and relax. Her legs were strong, stronger than I would have guessed, but not strong enough. I took her earlobe between my fangs biting and pulling gently at it as I forcefully retreated again. Then allowed her strong legs to pull me back in. In this manner I allowed her to set the pace while still controlling it.

Her body writhed under me, her head rolled from side to side, claws raking at my back. Her breathing quickened with the pace, becoming deeper and louder as our bodies moved against and away from each other. Her moans filled my ears, claws raking the skin on my back through the thick fur. Her back arched, her breasts pressing against the soft fur of my chest. I felt her nipples erect again, pressing into my flesh.

Her arms wrapped around my back and she pulled herself tight against me as the first spasms shook her. She buried her face in my shoulder, muffling the intense screams as her body gave way to the sensations. Her legs squeezed tight around my hips, pulling her body completely up, hanging from me. 

I pulled her up with me into a kneeling position as her hips continued to pound against me. My tail snaked between our legs and caressed her bottom, my arms around her, holding her against the tides. 

It was several moments before they subsided. Her breath came in short gasps, sighing as she exhaled, her body quaked as her sub-conscious mind fought to regain control of it. I held her there until she was again relaxed. 

Still feeling her minor contractions I carefully pulled my legs from under me to sit, still holding her close. Easing her legs from behind me, I lay back, pulling her down with me. My hands stroked her back, strongly but gently, and her hips began to move. Sliding slowly up and down me, her arms around my neck, she breathed hotly against my neck. 

I stroked her sides, lightly dragging my sharp claws against her silky skin, careful not to draw blood or even leave a mark. She slowly rose from my chest, eyes closed in dreams, mouth open in desire, her hands dragged down my chest. Her breasts moved gracefully with the back and forth movement of her hips. I reached out to cup them in my hands, massaging them firmly, my thumbs gently rolling her excited nipples under them. My tail caressed her back, the tip brushing across her shoulders while further down the thick hair played through the valley of her butt. 

My own excitement built with hers, taking in all the sensations as her lithe body fell gently against me, only to rise again. The perfection of her curves taking my breath away as she moved, I felt my own body begin to tense.

Her fingers grasped at the fur on my breast as her hips rose and fell then slid forward and back. Her pace increasing rapidly, I could feel the first tremors of her orgasm begin. Alternately bouncing on top of me and grinding against me, she began the rapid staccato breaths that signified the coming onslaught. My own hips thrust uncontrollably into her, my breathing became shallower, then stopped as the pulsating contractions grew stronger. I fought for every second of pleasure as it built inside me, but it was useless against the violence of her movements. My head whipped back, my eyes shut tight, I could only hear her ragged breathing and feel the spasms that over took us both. Again and again my hips slammed up into hers. 

She fell heavily across me as her spasms subsided. I held her for several long moments, unable to move or even force a single thought into my mind. My hands absently rubbed her back, my tail flopping lazily on the bed while she lay on me breathing softly on my cheek.

I do not recall the darkness overtaking me. But do remember the sunlight washing over me, warming my fur. I felt the hand rub gently up my spine and fingernails scratching between my ears. My eyes opened to stare directly into her face. I found her eyes were open as well. She seemed to study me closely for several long moments as she scratched at the back of my head. I moved my head to direct her attentions as I heard her soft voice.

"That must have been some dream I had, Dmitri. My gown is on the floor and so is the sheet. I'm glad I had you were here to protect me. Who knows what might have happened." She laughed quietly, smoothing my fur with her hand.

I sidled closer to her, curling up against her, my cheek brushing across her bare breast. My whiskers tickled it to arousal. She giggled softly. I lay down with my back to her, pressing my head against her bosom. I basked in her warmth.
