 At the beginning of the movie Book of Eli, we see Eli walking down the long abandoned highway, then under an overpass... on the other side is a young girl, she's on the ground with an overturned shopping cart, she's bait for a trap laid on by a group of Reapers. 

The following started as my rewrite of that scene and has grown now into something else. I hope you enjoy...

ALL characters, despite any physical description, are OVER 18 YEARS of AGE. 

*****

1

He'd heard whispers of Reaper's, road bandits, working the roads between his home and some of the small communities, several days out, that had managed spring up. 100 miles in either direction, at least, before any kind of what passed for civilization now. He thought of this as his land, and he didn't like the idea of someone working 'his land.'

Alex put together his pack the night before, just a few of the bare essentials. some clean under clothes, extra socks. The water bladder for his pack and a few canteens were topped off from the well that was well hidden from view, in the secret basement of the dilapidated barn at the rear of the property. A box of ammo each for both the sawed off shotgun and his pistol. 5 cans of Spam, a few packages of ramen and few cup o' noodles. A really big, sharp knife, known once as a kukri. 

It was barely sun up when he stepped out the door. The dogs looked up, Harvey actually sat up, and looked at him, "Stay here, guard the castle," he knew they were just as protective of their refuge as he was. Harvey had even walked with him for the first couple of miles before heading back up the long dirt road. 

Days later Alex walked along the warped and broken asphalt. With the landscape barren and featureless, the road lined with dead trees and littered with burned-out cars and debris from a world long dead. A warped metal sign by the side of the road read: LITTER REMOVAL NEXT TWO MILES BY: "CIRCUIT CITY". He knew they were out there, but had seen no sign of the Reapers. 

Glancing up at the sun, it seemed that each day was hotter than the last. A bead of sweat slid down his cheek, then wound it's was thru the days of scruff on his face. Looking ahead he saw the shadow from an overpass, and was pleased to be a little break from the sun beating down on him.

It took a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the radical change in lighting as he stepped in. He immediately felt some relief from the sun above. Up ahead, past the end of the pass, was a figure hunched by the side of the road. Alex arrived to see that it was a young woman, a girl, somewhere in her teens. Not quite bone-thin, dressed in a most unexpected way. 

Her skin was almost flawless, just a touch of a sunburn on her shoulder made it obvious she didn't wear these clothes often. Her blonde hair was dirty as it was long, figuratively as well as literally, and pulled into handlebar pigtails, obvious that it had been a while since she had last washed. Large hoop earrings glimmered in the sun, so did the ring that pierced her right nostril. She wore what Alex had always thought of as State Patrol Issue sunglasses, just like Poncherello had worn on that TV show. 

Her chest was barely contained in a far too small and worn thin pink baby t, her nipples just barely visible through the thin material, a bead of sweat trickled its way down into her cleavage. Her bared midriff showed that her belly button was pierced too. What looked like a pair of super short short shorts clung to her, the pink straps of her panties clearly seen high on her hips, and a peek of pink and white could be seen sneaking around the minimal amount of denim cloth that tried to cover her goodies. Garter straps snuck out from under the shorts and attempted to hold up what looked like thigh high tube socks, while her feet were in what looked like a pair of sneakers that sported at least a 3 inch heel. 

In other words, she would have been expertly dressed for a rave 12 years earlier and was the best eye candy that he'd seen in a long damned time. 

That's when he knew... and decided to play along. 

Next to her was a shopping cart she must have been pushing and overturned into a roadside ditch, spilling its contents. Blankets, tins of food, old clothes. She was on her knees trying to gather it up. She looked up as she saw Alex approaching. Instantly she cowered from him, raising her hands to protect herself. Terrified. 

In a shaky voice she pleaded, "Oh! Please don't hurt me. Here, take anything you want. You want some food? Take it." She offers him a can of pet food with a trembling hand. Alex stands there looking at her. 

His expression was impossible to read behind the mirrored Oakleys, "I'm not going to hurt you." 

"That's what the last guys said," she mumbled as if to herself and looking at the broken ground, causing Alex to smirk.

He bent down and picked up a couple of the cart's spilled contents and stepped forward and offers them to her, "Here."

She blinked. Unsure. Cautiously she reached out and takes it, "Could you help me? The wheel came off. I can't fix it. Maybe if I could get it out of the ditch. But I can't." 

Alex looked at the cart. It had come to rest in the ditch just inches from a thick broken hedge road that lined the road. He looked again at the girl. Her faded baby t was strained against the flesh of her tits.The fly of her shorts was undone too, her legs bared all up her thigh. 

He sniffed the air. He eyeballed the hedgerow warily. Just like the cat he had hunted, his senses heightened and on alert. 

Behind the hedge, three roadside bandits, called Reapers, crouched, waiting to pounce, each armed with a crude blunt weapon. They exchanged anxious looks. 

Alex sniffs the air again - then backs away from the girl. "One good thing about no soap any more. You can smell Reapers a mile off," she said loudly enough for everyone to hear. 

The girl's face fell as Alex backed up. The three bandits rushed out from their hiding, Embershing their weapons. A couple of them wore old sunglasses and goggles similar to Alex's.

Their leader grabbed the girl by a fistful of hair as he passes, yanking her painfully to her feet, "Dumb bitch. What did we tell you?" 

He pushed her away, she crumpled to the road in a heap crying while Alex backed away, as more armed bandits dropped from hiding in the trees on the other side of the road, trying to cut off his escape and surround him. 

The leader of the Reapers asked, "What you got there in the pack?"

Alex gave a simple reply, "Nothin'." 

"Yeah, that's what they all say. How about you take it off real slow and tip it out so's we can take a look?"

One of the other bandits noticed the sawed off shotgun strapped to the pack, "He's got a gun." 

Their leader snickered, "Shit, it ain't loaded. They never are. Ain't that right, old man? Now...Open the fucking pack." 

Alex let out a slow breath, "No." 

The bandit leader stepped forward aggressively, within striking distance of Alex. He grinned, teeth filthy and rotten. "Want us to do it for you? We can get it off real easy after we've hacked your fucking arms off." 

Alex remained perfectly calm. And though he spoke with a soft, even tone, there was something formidable about his voice. "It's real important you boys listen to me and understand. This is MY land. One way or another, you're leaving. For good. It's up to you how."

The bandit leader looked at Alex incredulously, and then laughed. The other bandits laugh along nervously. "What the hell are you, some kinda law man?" 

Alex said nothing, slowly taking a another step back, inching towards the shadows of the overpass tunnel. "Well I got news for you, law man. Whatever you reckon yourself to be, it all left these parts a long time ago. Ain't no one here to protect your ass, to back you up. Now take off the pack and set it on the fuking ground, or fucking die."

Alex doesn't move, doesn't say a word, the shadows just a few feet behind him now. The bandit leader takes another step forward and shoves him in the shoulder. 

"You fucking listening to me?!" the leader of the bandits asked. 

"I hear you. And if you touch me again, you will never get that hand back." 

The other bandits exchanged nervous looks. This was not how it was supposed to go. The leader had become fed up, "All right, I had just about enough of this shit..." and lunged forward, grabbing the shoulder strap of Alex's pack. 

If you'd blinked, you would have missed it. 

Somehow Alex had drawn his kukri from behind him. Now rivulet of blood snaked down along the blade to finally drip onto the asphalt. The bandit leader's hand was still gripped firmly around Alex's shoulder strap. But it was no longer connected to his arm. The severed hand hung there from the strap, dripping blood. The bandit staggered backward and raised the bloody stump where his hand once was. He looked at it in shock and horror. 

"What... you just... he just cut my fucking hand off! My fucking hand!" 

Alex used the blade to pry the hand loose from the strap, letting it fall onto the road as bandit leader's legs give out and he slumps to the asphalt. 

The leader of the bandits eyes darted around, as though confused. Finally he seems to be able to speak, "What you standin' around for? Kiss him!"

Another bandit, this one had a chainsaw, got confused, "What's he talkin' about, kiss him?" 

Alex smirked, "He's in shock. He meant... 'kill him'," and stepped into the shadows. 

The other bandits looked at each other and then the five of them started towards Alex all at once, weapons flailing. 

Before they took their second step following him into the shadows, Alex's shotgun erupted, making quick and effective work of dispatching them. 

It was over in moments. all of the bandits lay dead or dying in the road, blood pooling out onto the asphalt. The bandit leader crawled toward his severed hand, a few yards away, intent on retrieving it as if he had some way to reattach it to his arm. 

Alex stepped up and kicked it out of his reach, "I told you you wouldn't be getting that back." The bandit leader looked up to see the figure of Alex bearing down on him, silhouetted ominously against the sun, looking for a moment like an avenging angel, something not of this world.

"Who are you?" he asked incredulously. 

"Alex." And with that, the leader of that band of reapers passed out from loss of blood, dying moments later. Alex wiped the blade clean on the dead man's filthy shirt. 

Alex turned to see the young girl slumped in the road, sobbing. She cowered again as he approached, certain that she is next. He walked past her, sheathing his kukri behind his back and then reloading the shotgun. He then pulled out the shopping cart from the ditch and rights it. The girl watched incredulously as he checked all of the wheels making sure they all worked the best the that could be expected, and then looked her in the eye and said, "Get all the supplies into the cart." 

Alex walked over and started to the bodies of the now dead Reapers, the girl sat there in the road looking at him puzzled.

"Pick it all up, put it in the cart... Now," with a voice of authority the girl instantly recognized. She began to quickly pick up everything as she'd been told. 

She looks at him, puzzled, "Why are you doing this?" 

Alex said nothing, just walked between the slain bandits, crouch beside them and began searching their bodies. He takes a scarf from around the neck of one. Found a Zippo lighter on another, checks that it works and pockets it. When he was done, he had the decency to move them off the road and then five bodies lined neatly in the ditch. The best burial they are going to get. 

He turned and walked away, going back to the girl. 

her voice was softer now, "Thank you. You're... a good man." 

Alex just stood before her.

"There are no good men on the road," the girl said softly, sadly, pleading almost. "Where are you going?" 

Alex took a deep breath and looked back behind him, "East... then North." 

"Can... can I come with you?" she pleaded again. 

He just looks at her, stroking her chin with his finger, she nuzzled into his palm "You're mine now," and unzipped his fly. 

She nodded, a smile even as a tear rolls down her cheek, knowing what's expected of her, "Yes, sir." and positioned herself squatting before him, "What about my sister?"

She reached into his pants and pulled his still flaccid, but stiffening, member out. Leaning in she stopped herself just millimeters from taking him into her mouth as she knew she was meant to do. There was something different. He didn't smell of sweat and b.o. or...or at least not nearly as bad as she'd become used to. She looked up at him shocked, amazed, and puzzled. 

Alex had pulled out one of his canteens and taken a long drink. As she looked up at him, recognizing the look in her eyes, he held the canteen out to her, "Drink," as the sight of her squatting before him began to arouse him more, his cock beginning to swell and fill her small hand. 

Confused again, she took the offered canteen and took a drink. Another shock as her lips tasted fresh, clean water for the first time that she could remember, unlike the boiled and evaporated piss that they'd had to come to use more often than not. 

She took a small sip, all that she had been been allowed before. She started to hand it back to him, her other hand automatically slowly stroking him to hardness. 

"Drink," Alex told her again.

She did, downing about half of the canteen. it was the first time she could remember that her thirst was sated in... forever. 

Her attention was again brought back to Alex's manhood when it twitched in her hand, still growing harder. She almost hated to admit it to herself, almost, but as she engulfed his cock she thought, "I actually kinda like having a clean cock in my mouth," and went to it with an enthusiastic gusto. Looking up at his face she changed that thought to, "No, I like his clean cock in my mouth."

It didn't take long before she had her hands grabbing ahold of his butt cheeks as she was now sliding him down into her throat roughly, hardly even gagging... she'd had to do this many times before, but they had all tasted as bad as they'd smelled. Alex on the other hand was clean and tasted, she began to think, the way a cock should.

Alex grunted, pleased at the girl's obvious enthusiasm, "Good, she knows who she belongs to now," as he lightly held onto and caressed the back of her head, grunting loudly as she fucked his cock into her mouth and throat. 

His grunts encouraged her, she already had it in her mind that this was her Man now, and she knew well enough that if she took care of him, he would take care of her, "He fucking took care of those assholes," she thought pleased as she again redoubled her efforts even as her drool started to leak from the corners of her mouth. She felt a tingle in her clit, a of sudden emptiness in her pussy. Feelings she hadn't felt since...

Looking up at his face while taking him down to the root of his cock, a string of her spit strung down to the top of her tits before it began sliding into her cleavage, she was sure his eyes were closed. She couldn't tell for sure with his glasses on, but she just knew she was making him happy, that she was pleasing him. She opened her mouth a little more so that he was going deeper into her throat, now making those cute little gagging sounds as she took him balls deep, feeling him grow just a touch more as his cock twitched when she swallowed him and pressed her nose up against his pubic bone. 

His grip had become firm on the back of her head, fingers now gripping her hair, pulling her back and forth as she began to fuck her own face with his tool with ernest. His breathing had become ragged, he was getting close. More of her drool had flowed down her her chin and had snaked down between her firm young tits, now making its way passed her bellybutton. She could feel her little box begin to get excited, and wet, and needy. 

Between gritted teeth Alex managed to ask, "Wh...what's your name?"

She took his cock out, smearing her spit and slobber across her own face as she nuzzled it lovingly, "I'm Ember!" and stuffed him right back down her throat to the root. 

"Yes, you... are," and that was all he could take of her expert cock sucking skills. Alex proceeded to unload his balls into her throat, holding her all the way down so his balls were against her chin as he came, and came and came. 

Just as he thought he was about done, she surprised him again when her tongue managed to snake out and teased his ball sack, causing a surge of extended pleasure and a last spurt of his seed splashed across her chin as she pulled back in desperate need of air. 

Ember wasted no time in using her fingers to scoop up the spunk that was on her face and get into her mouth. At first it was sheer reflex, it was, after all, what she'd been taught. Then she realized, "Wow, his cum tastes really good!" Again, she was surprised with this man, and confused at the same time. 

"Clean it up, then put it away now, Ember."

She instinctively understood what she was to do. First she sucked the last of his spunk from the head of his cock, licked him clean, and put his cock back into his underwear and button his pants up. 

"Wow, you've got clean undies too Mister?! Where are you from?!"

Alex had to smirk, "Where we're going," he said, finding it amusing at first, but then realized that most didn't have the amenities he did, "Now, what was that about your sister?"

Part II

Tessa was in her room trying to coax jsut a little more water from the pipes to maybe wash a pair of panties. Her watchers, TJ and Brad, were throwing rocks at tthe windows of rooms they weren't staying in. 

She rolled her eyes and sighed, "God, what pussies," as more often than not the rocks just bounced off of the glass. She sighed and wondered just what she'd done in her past lives to deserve this, and what it might be like to be with a real man. She was a good girl wasnt she? She did what she was told. "Well, what Bonzer tells us anyways," meaning her and her sister Ember.

Bonzer was the leader of this band of road warriors. Tessa and her sister had been found when Bonzer and his crew had managed to break into the old wharehouse type store the 2 girls had been hinding in. They thought they'd boarded it up really good, but...

Bonzer had quickly laid claim to both of them, taking both of them as his crew had watched. It wasnt the first time, and for now it would have to do. 

"Tessa," it was Brad. Again. 

He walked up behind her, and having pulled his junk out and tried to slap her in the face with it. he laughed, unknowingly sounding like a frat boy from before The Happening. he taunted her, "Thirsty baby? want something to drink? C'mon Tessa, fresh from the tap!" and laughed again. 

"Go away Brad."

He strolled around in front of her, like he was the king of the world, "why dont you get over here, get on your knees, and suck. My. Fucking. Dick... bitch." He really did think he was something special. His smile would have cconvienced anyone, 20 years earlier, that he'd been hard at meth for years. 

She scoffed and looked up at him, her eyes wearing the dark shadow and heavy eyeliner just the way Bonzer liked it, "Remember what happened the last time you tried that?" she sneered. Her lips glistened in the cherry lip gloss she'd found before this crew had taken them, "Or... did you forget the beating Bonzer put down on ya? Think he wont make good on cutting off your balls?"

It was Brad's turn to sneer, "Cunt."

Tessa spread her legs wide, hiked up the sliver of black, skin tight cloth that served as her skirt, pulled aside her metallic red panties, barring her young sex, rnning a finger up between the lips of her sex, and then licked her finger "Mmmm...And you will never get any of it."
