 ALL characters, despite any physical description, are OVER 18 YEARS of AGE. 

*****

Part II

Tessa was in her room trying to coax just a little more water from the pipes to maybe wash a pair of panties. Her watchers, TJ and Brad, were throwing rocks at the windows of rooms they weren't staying in. 

She rolled her eyes and sighed, "God, what pussies," as more often than not the rocks just bounced off of the glass. She sighed and wondered just what she'd done in her past lives to deserve this, and what it might be like to be with a real man. She was a good girl wasn't she? She did what she was told. "Well, what Bonzer tells us anyways," meaning her and her sister Ember.

Bonzer was the leader of this band of road warriors. Tessa and her sister had been found when Bonzer and his crew had managed to break into the old warehouse type store the 2 girls had been hiding in. They thought they'd boarded it up really good, but...

Bonzer had quickly laid claim to both of them, taking both of them as his crew had watched. It wasn't the first time, and for now it would have to do. 

"Tessa," it was Brad. Again. 

He walked up behind her, and having pulled his junk out and tried to slap her in the face with it. he laughed, unknowingly sounding like a frat boy from before The Happening. He taunted her, "Thirsty baby? want something to drink? C'mon Tessa, fresh from the tap!" and laughed again. 

"Go away Brad."

He strolled around in front of her, like he was the king of the world, "Why don't you get over here, get on your knees, and suck. My. Fucking. Dick... Bitch." He really did think he was something special. His smile would have convinced anyone, 20 years earlier, that he'd been hard at meth for years. 

She scoffed and looked up at him, her eyes wearing the dark shadow and heavy eyeliner just the way Bonzer liked it, "Remember what happened the last time you tried that?" she sneered. Her lips glistened in the cherry lip gloss she'd found before this crew had taken them, "Or... did you forget the beating Bonzer put down on ya? Think he won't make good on cutting off your balls?"

It was Brad's turn to sneer, "Cunt."

Tessa spread her legs wide, hiked up the sliver of black, skin tight cloth that served as her skirt, pulled aside her metallic red panties, barring her young sex, running a finger up between the lips of her sex, and then licked her finger "Mmmm...And you will never get any of it."

Brad stormed out of the room, the bruises to his ego, and the fact that she was right, was too much. 

Once he was gone Tessa sighed sadly, pouting and almost to tears at what her life had become. She was scared senseless for her sister, out serving as bait for whomever might wander down the road. She was scared senseless that one of these days Bonzer was going to be gone too long and Brad, or TJ, or both, were going to finally snap and God only knew what they might do to her. Or if Bonzer might find some more of that shit he liked to huff to get high again, gazolin or whatever it was called... what if he got some of that again and he really went off. She thought he might kill them both last time. 

"We've been here before... we've gotten away before. Probably time we do it again... but," she jerked on the cable that was cuffed to the bed frame at one end and the collar around her neck at the other. 

--

After Ember and finished cleaning Alex's cock, and tucked it away lovingly back into his pants, he manhandled the cart out to the ditch. it was fairly well fucked up, pushing or pulling it for just about 10 feet quickly convinced him that it was less than useless.

Pulling off his pack, "Put it all in here," He told the girl as he kept an eye out. He doubted that there were any others, but you never knew.

Ember happily got to work and quickly got all the canned goods stuffed into his pack. As she was doing so, something fell out. It was a small little plastic baggie, sealed at both ends, and had some yellow thing pink and squishy inside. Ember picked it up, looked it over this way and that, then looked up at Brian with a confused look. 

"You... don't know what that is?" he asked.

She shook her head no, so he took it from her and opened it. Brian broke off a little piece and held it out, "Open your mouth."

Without hesitation she opened her mouth, still looking at him is confusion. he pushed the bite of the snack cake into her mouth, her lips closing automatically. Almost immediately her eyes changed to a look of childlike amazement, even as she suckled his fingers by reflex as he pulled them from her mouth.

"Oh wow," she exclaimed after swallowing, "that is soooo good! what is it?!"

"I don't know, to be honest. But yeah, they are pretty good, huh?" he smiled at her and handed her the rest. "Eat it, we have a ways to walk once we get your sister. Where is she?"

Ember pointed, conveniently, to the East as she started to stuff her mouth with the snack cake. He understood her hunger, but too much at once...

"Slow down honey, don't eat it all at once." he chided her smiling. 

She stepped close and leaned against him, looking up at him as she ate the pink frosted chocolate cake, "we're going to get Tessa?"

The way she was looking at and talking to him was causing his pecker to wake up again, but that had to wait. "Yeah, we're gonna get Tessa," he told her looking into her eyes from behind his glasses. 

"You promise?"

He smiled, "Yeah, I promise."

She put on her best puppy eyes, "And take us with you? And keep us?"

He nodded, "And take you with me and keep you."

She smiled, now turning on her brat powers, "Both of us? You promise?"

"Don't make me spank you," he half threatened, but had to smile with her. 

She turned slightly so her back was to him, leaned forward and wiggled her but against his crotch, looking back over her shoulder with a happy grin, "Mmmm, but I like spankin's! Especially when Tessa does it... well, I dunno... I may like it more when you do it." 

It took them about 3 hours to walk there, stopping a ways back, and ducking into another building. He jimmied a door and got into a long forgotten office of some kind. He took her to the back and cleared out a place for her under a desk, the motioned her under, "Ok, Ember... you hide here till I come back for you, ok?"

She smiled at how he was protecting her, something she hadn't experienced in a long, long time, "Yes, sir," she said quietly and started to get under the desk." He put his over coat around her, along with his pack next to her. The dark green and brown helped hide her in the shadows. He pulled out a small automatic, and old Berretta M86. He chambered a round and looked at her, "You know how to use it?"

Ember nodded enthusiastically, but he still showed her the safety and told her, "if anyone but me comes along, you shoot em. In the face. Twice."

Ember giggled, then leaned forward and made kissy lips at him. Alex leaned forward and gave her a kiss, their first on her lips. She caressed his cheek and parted her mouth and snaked her wicked little tongue out. 

It was several minutes before they broke off, both gasping not for the lack of air, but instead from the passion stirring inside. He stood, moved some boxes and a couple of chairs in the way before picking up his shotgun and walked off, as he adjusted his cock in his pants. Ember sighed and sat back and got comfortable in her hiding spot, still managing to spread her legs wide enough to push her finger knuckle deep into her dripping went cunny. 

5 minutes later he'd managed to climb up atop of the building on the far side of the hotel that Tessa was supposed to be in. He pulled out his binoculars as he laid as flat as he could on the roof. He could tell that there was a fire burning from the trails of smoke, someplace between the 3 buildings, the occasionally flash of orange between the buildings. He managed to catch on to the rocks being throw at the windows, the first one bounced off. 

When the second one managed to break the window he heard the whoops from 2 different male voices echo. So, that much of Ember's story was checking out. It'd been easier if he'd brought a rifle instead. Sometimes you just have to make do with that you've got. 

--

TJ and Brad passed a large pipe, and a bottle of something, back and forth. No one had the slightest idea what was in either one. The results where obvious.

Brad's ego was not just bruised. It had been sliced and diced and laid out to rot. Where did that little bitch come off being such a cunt to him. He was a good looking guy, had more teeth than Bonzer, that's for sure, "Yeah fuck that guy... I'll cut his throat, then what's she gonna do, huh?"

TJ laughed, "Careful bro, you never know when he's lurkin' in the shadows!" taunting his friend. 

"Oh that's bullshit and you know it, man. He... he's not... fuck. Fuck that guy." Whatever it was that they were smoking and drinking was not helping to call down at all, quite the opposite. "One day he's not gonna come back. and then... and then ya know what? Then I'm taking over. Yeah! Then that little bitch is fucking in for it. That fucking whore," he was on a real rant as he stormed into another room and hauled out the matters and tossed it into the bonfire they'd set in what was once the swimming pool. 

Thru teeth and fists that were both clenched as tight as he could, "I want that ass now. I. Want. Her. Ass. and I want it now." 

TJ scoffed, "Yawh brah, but what are ya gonna do? Bonzer'll kill us if we touch his bitch."

Brad turned and looked at him, the madness in his eyes burned, "Let's do it. Let's both fuck her. C'mon man, let's tear that bitch up!"

His madness was contagious, but TJ still was more afraid of Bonzer than he was craving Tessa's flesh, "Uhhh, I dunnnno maaaannnn..." he drew it out. 

"Fuck that!"

Tessa could her them. And she was scared. when these maniacs where smoking that shit and drinking that swill... she had no idea if they'd just pass out, or...

-

Alex had worked his way around, he knew that there were (at least) 2 of what he thought of as the 'bad guys'. He had to presume that there were more. He moved back to Ember's hiding spot as stealthy he could. About 15 feet away he stopped. He'd heard something. Breathing. No... panting? 

He crept to her hiding spot and the sound of heavy breathing grew louder. It had to be her. He moved the obstacles that he'd put in place to hide her and jerked back. 

She was there, with the gun he'd left with her in one hand pointing at his face, just like he'd told her, but her face was contorted, and she was sweating, the look in her eyes was animal like. 

Then he smelled her scent and looked at the rest of her. 

Ember had her shorts pulled off of one leg, both were spread wide and fully exposing her hairless sex. She had 2 of her fingers buried knuckle deep in her little holes, her middle finger all the way in her pussy, her ring finger buried in her little asshole. She'd either pissed herself, or she was a squirter when she came. 

she looked up him, pleading with those puppy eyes, "Please... "

Alex was surprised with this, but stepped back as she crawled out from under the desk on all fours. She sat up on her knees in front of him, just long enough to unzip him again, pull his stiffing cock, pumping it a few times in her tiny hands, before she turned around and put her face down so her ass was high in the air. Ember spread her legs then reached back with both hands and pulled her tight ass cheeks apart. Not that she needed to, both of her holes were already quite accessible, but as she spread herself wide, both holes opened just a little bit more.

"Please," she begged, "...don't care ...where... just... put it in me. Fuck me. Please."

He squatted behind her, rubbing the head to her, literally, soaking wet hole. She gasped when it pressed first against her clit, again when he began to press into the entrance of her pussy, her panting increased. 

Ember gasped loudly, then began to whisper over and over "oh god oh god oh god fuck me fuck me fuckmefuckmefucke..."

Slightly concerned that he might be hurting her, in a bad way, Alex took his time and eased into her slowly. His member was about halfway in when suddenly Ember, all the while continuing her chat of, "fuck me fuck me fuck me," raised her head, the arch in her back seeming almost impossible, and pushed back against him hard. She forced the last half of his cock into the depths of her little pussy so suddenly and hard that his balls slapped against her clit with a wet "smack". 

When the head of his cock mashed into her cervix she was unable to control herself and call out "FUCK ME!"

Alex was surprised by her outburst and quickly wrapped a hand around her mouth. While managing to stifle her cries of passion, Ember seemed to start pushing back onto his shaft that much harder and faster. 

The walls of her young cunt grabbed his cock, massaging it. Impossibly tight, yet slick as oil spill. Even years later Alex had trouble explaining the sensation of fucking this little minx. 

Ember raised her chin, freeing her mouth, she gasped as she looked over her shoulder, pleading in her eyes and words 'Please sir," and reached up placed her hand over his and guided it to her throat. She turned her head this way and that, nestling his hand around her neck just the right way... and helped him squeeze, choking herself.

"Force me, take me, pin me down, make me yours... take me, Sir... fuck me like you own me."

He responded by slam fucking her little twat with all he had. Harder and harder he thrust into her. She squealed and again used his hand to choke herself. Something overcame Alex and he slapped her ass, as sharp crack echoed in the dark room. Her right cheek burned deliciously, the walls of her cunny squeezed harder, her moan encouraging him. Again he smacked her perfectly firm ass, meeting with the same reaction. 

Ember let go of his hand, releasing her neck, and slumped forward, moaning, "more... more... almost... please... more..." as she sucked on 2 of her fingers, gagging on them til they were coated in her drool. She reached behind herself and put the tip of her middle finger to her asshole, coating it her drool and spit. Alex pulled almost out, just the head of his manhood splitting open her hole, holding her in place he let a long stream of his own spit string out and land on her finger and rosebud, "oh Gods yes," she moan happily and mixed his slobber to her own before using it all to lubricate her finger as she pushed it knuckle deep into her ass.

Not waiting for her to finish, his own need over taking rational thought, Alex began to again ram his cock in and out of Ember's fuck hole, now even tighter as she finger fucked her own ass. 

They were rooting like animals, Alex was barely aware of the danger that he was allowing them be in, but unable to control his lusts. Her energy and enthusiasm fed his own.

"Fuck me... fuck your little whore, Mister. Own this pussy... Ahhh!," Ember was saying, even as her eyes were rolling back and her body convulsed and shook. "Oh Mister...Yes... you own me, yes you own me. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my mouth. Fuck my ass, I'll do anything. I'm your girl, I'm your whore. I'm yours..."

He felt her cunt spasm and shake as her orgasm over took her. He juices squirted out at her peak, soaking his crotch, down the inside of his legs. And he couldn't have cared less. 

"Gonna... Cum... cum... Eat it, eat my cum, swallow it!"

Ember seemed to suddenly be awake once again, responding to his desires immediately as though they were the most important thing of all. Pulling off him, Ember spun around, he was unsure how, and was again on her knees and taking his cock into her mouth.  

Half way in, the rest being stroked in her little hands like the piston of 800hp V8 running over 10000 rpm... not that either of them hand any idea what that might mean. 

Ember's eyes where again rolled half way back into her head as she sucked and jacked off his cock, looking like she was possessed by some sex demon. 

He growled loudly, at which point she forced his cock down the back of her throat and buried her face into his crotch. His eyes went wide and he exclaimed, "GahhhHHHHH!" as he emptied his balls right into her stomach. 

--

Tessa could here Brad and TJ getting more and more fucked up on that shit. They were getting more vocal and violent.'

"I'm gonna get me some of that bitch... fucking bitch... gonna hurt her. Teach her not to talk shit!" Brad shouted, the anger in his voice echoing to her room and the wide open door. The chain kept her from reaching the door so she couldn't close and lock it. 

She felt that something was wrong. She was sure that Bonzer should have been back by now. He had Ember with her and that was upsetting her that her sister wasn't back yet. Yeah Bonzer would keep the others off of them, even if they did have to fuck that sticky bastard it seemed like the only way to survive.

She didn't know, but she was sure that a couple of the others would be just fine with fucking them both full of man batter and then... she shivered to think about the jokes that had been made... unsure if they were actually jokes... about the things they'd done with or to their victims. 

There was about an half hour of calm and peace. Not a peep from the guys. That was almost more unsettling. 

She thought she'd heard something, a whisper carried on the air. It made her think of Ember. She had a flash in her mind of Ember reaching a sexual peak. She knew that she was ok, happy even. It brought her a smile to think that her sister was happy, she had such a beautiful smile. And that look in her eyes when she was needy, or how cute she was when she was spent...

Tessa jumped as she heard first one, she was sure that it was Brad, and then the other beginning to beat on something. smashing and crashing, howling at the moon. Brad was getting worked up into a drug and alcohol fuel rage, TJ was close behind and feeding off of the other. 

Closer. They were getting closer. 

"YEAH!" said one, she could tell any of them apart when they screamed and shouted.

The other hollered, "Tear that pussy up! Tear that ass up!"

"Fuck Yeah," screamed the first.

"Fuck this bitch up!"

Tessa was shaking, so scared she was unknowingly a hair's width away from pissing herself. 

Suddenly a moment of silence.

--

Fifteen minutes later Ember, and Alex, where still tangled together. 

In a satisfied whisper, "So yummy..." as she traced her fingers along his cock. 

"So, you're sure you want to be the one to do it?"

She looked up into his eyes, "So... you're gonna let me?"

He furrowed his brown and took a deep breath.

"Come on... he's a totally jerk and mean. Besides, you'll be there watching over me."

Another 10 and he was back outside, now well after dark. Slipping into the shadows, making himself a part of the dark, Alex made his way first across the street and then down towards the long abandoned hotel. 

Ember waited a few more minutes and the strolled down the middle of the road. She was almost glowing as she strutted down the road as only a woman who'd just been well and properly fucked could, almost a skip in her step. She had a grin on her, the kind that seemed to sing, "Someone's gonna get it..."

--

Brad had really gotten himself worked up, almost foaming at the mouth in his frenzy. He'd taken a pole once used for the umbrella at a pool side table, beating anything he could reach as hard as he could. His guttural rant was no longer understandable, he was just hollering, growling and smashing anything at hand.

JT wasn't too far away from Brad's state of mind. Both probably would have been clinically nuts. JT was just a little less crazed. He was moshing with himself. Swinging a chair over his head, smashing the air. He flung the chair as hard as he could, watched it wobble in the air. JT watched as it crashed into the sidewalk 30, 40 feet away and slide for maybe another 10. He froze and was confused for a second when he realized that just past the wreckage was Ember 
