 They came like a wave of misfortune from the shadows of the brush. Howling mad cries of inhuman lust, the flock of little beasties burst forth into the light of Roland's torch. His burning beacon illuminated their faces: pale, snarling things with rows of hideous, needle-like teeth and faces as varied as their skin colors. Some looked almost human in their mockery of mankind, their angular faces pulled back into leering grins and waggling, demonic tongues. Others clearly had been birthed from... elsewhere, their cow-heads and dog-like snouts protruding from their blazing eyes as they surged forward. Roland heard Kelsea inhale sharply. 

"Gods..." She whispered. 

"Get behind me!" Roland said, "Back to the tree. Stab any of the cunts who try to touch ya, yeah?" She didn't respond. "Oi!" He said, tearing his gaze for an instant from the onrushing creatures, "You listenin'?" Snapping to the present, Kelsea nodded, the Succubus backing her bum against the trunk of the oak and holding her dagger out with trembling hands. Roland cursed under his breath; he should have bought her a sword. 

Unable to rectify the mistake, the mercenary instead swung his blade into the first creature who ran at him: a half-furred monstrosity with a cock longer than his legs and a face of uncertain but horrid origin. He sliced through it, cutting down the first intruder before it had a chance to leap at him. Unfortunately, it merely gave the second an opportunity to step within his guard. Flashing claws nearly an inch long, the red, gibbering creature leapt forward, moving with unnatural speed as it tried to claw at the threat, its dozen or so companions charging in hot pursuit. Sidestepping in an almost dancer-like motion, Roland overtopped the creature and slashed downwards, cutting it down nearly as quickly as the first. 

His luck ran out soon after, however, the wolfish Imp that followed behind leaping up and latching its serrated jaws across his thigh, biting down hard and causing the red-maned maniac to scream in pain. He smashed the pommel of his blade down on the thing's head, it yelped and fell from his leg, his freedom of movement now severely impaired. Spotting several who ran past him, Roland turned to follow, only to be grabbed from behind by a further bunch of the little hellspawns. He heard a deathly hiss behind him and felt the sudden weight of humping legs against his calves. "Little fuckers!" He shouted, stabbing his sword down on one and plunging his torch atop another, causing it to cry out and drop him. 

Kelsea rose her hand in front of herself, spitting a plume of blue balefire that engulfed the three Imps who had ignored Roland in pursuit of their true quarry. The blackness of the night exploded into sudden, hellish daylight as the full magnitude of the onslaught revealed itself. The beasts that were after her did not so much as slow down. For a terrible moment, the Succubus could see the glowing, hungry eyes of the three mismatched monsters as they bore down on her, the bottom dropping out of her stomach as she held out the dagger her lover had given her like a holy talisman of protection. 

Roland fought like a man possessed; it wasn't enough. The deceptive strength of the misshapen brutes caused the man to stumble and trip to the ground. He felt grasping claws pulling at his pants, his teeth gritting as he tried to jab wildly at the unseen attackers at his trousers. The wolfish creature leapt atop his chest, baring its teeth as it began to jerk itself in front of his face, its knotted dog cock a red rocket in the low light. Tossing the torch to the side, Roland pulled his knife from his belt and drove it square into the thing's head. It fell off of him bonelessly, taking the weapon with it. Sitting up off his back, he swung blindly, causing the creatures doing their level best to rape him to shy away into the shadows beyond his toes. Cursing in pain, he pulled himself towards the torch, groping for it with his hand as his other wildly brandished his blade behind him. 

As the first blue-skinned creature reached her, Kelsea tried to falteringly slash at it, bending down to swipe at the horse-legged monster as it ogled her with large, bulbous eyes. It leapt past her arm and up into her chest, driving her back against the tree. She went to stab the thing that began groping her still-uncovered breasts but felt the sudden weight of another Imp pulling her arm down, driving her hard onto the ground, the roots of the tree striking her painfully as she bent backwards against it. In a rush the third was at her legs, gripping her with clawed hands and forcefully spreading her thighs. Kelsea's eyes widened as she felt a sudden wave of arousal strike her. Even for a Succubus, it was no normal sense of carnal delight. 

They made short work of her pants, removing them with an efficiency that was eerily reminiscent of her own talents with Roland. In seconds she was nude, the three holding her down with their ungodly strength as they flopped their multifaceted cocks across her body. The blue horse-morph bore a flared head that he shoved unceremoniously down her throat, parting her lips like they were nothing and pressing himself beyond. His hands went to her horns as though they'd been made for them, gripping her and forcing an immediate head-session from her lips. Simultaneously the red-skinned creature with a humanlike face opened its mouth and waggled its foot-long tongue, licking the overside of its own nubbed shaft as he pumped it against her belly. Kelsea found her eyes constantly drawn to the way he jerked, as though he were hypnotizing her with his meat. He gormlessly groped one of her tits, squeezing it and drawing the slightest drop of blood with his callous, clawed grip. The last, bird-faced Imp roughly slapped his third leg against her mound, as though he were a doctor flicking a needle against his finger. Soon enough he pressed his head against her crotch and began his injection. In spite of her fear, Kelsea felt a strange, overwhelming heat grasp her body, causing her to moan and push back against the intruders. 

Roland's fingers found purchase against the torch, waving it in front of him as he forced himself to stand on a wounded leg. Limping and cursing he tried to waddle towards the overpowered Succubus, but was once again accosted by the two creatures who lurked in the shadows behind. They attacked his bad leg, moving in tandem to slash with tiny claws in an attempt to bring down the giant. Forcing them to take the bait, Roland 'tripped' and fell, rolling on his back in time to impale one upon his sword. It screamed and fell, causing the other one to bolt, leaving its profoundly distracted compatriots to suffer the wrath of a man who had - to be frank - already been having a rather rotten night. 

Kelsea was inundated, her mind going blank as the natural instinct of the void gripped her brain and began its evolutionary bid to make her the next mother of a new brood of imps. She grinned manically between the burst of blue horsecock stuffing her throat, her tongue rolling out from her face as though she were in the height of orgasm. Her body began to hump madly against them, lost to the sensations that were flooding her brain like aphrodisiacs to a drug addict. She squealed beneath the fat prick that wriggled its way into her innards, her hand unthinkingly reaching out to jack off the red Imp who held her sides down, though such physical restraint was unnecessary. Utterly lost to the magical deviancy of the three, Kelsea was heedless to anything and everything that was not hot, throbbing dick. 

"Get the fuck out of her, ya little lickarses!" Roland shouted, his voice hoarse as he struggled to stand up again. He started to step forward, his leg burning with unholy pain from the attacks and his body exhausted from the effort. Cursing in pain, he crawled forward on hands and knees, murder in his eyes as he moved as fast as he could towards the trio currently abusing his companion. The grey Imp was jumping up and down, diving his penis down into Kelsea's folds and eliciting copious quantities of female cum to squirt from her overstimulated body. It was like a reverse experience from her own nightly dalliances with Roland: with herself as the half-unwilling host to sensations that utterly dominated her. She moved with the kind of brainless sluttery that smallfolk and ignorant fools thought demons were like at all times. 

He pulled himself to behind the avian creature, shoving his blade through it as it mindlessly thrusted, ignoring even his weapon as it tried vainly to continue its sex. Thank the gods - it hadn't ejaculated, pulling itself free and collapsing to the ground as the other two burst within her mouth and across her chest, respectively. Their swollen, monstrous testicles twitched and pumped as they began to burst within her. Roland pulled his sword free and menaced towards them, prompting the somewhat-aware creatures to finish jerking themselves quickly. The horse-head let out a cry that sounded like a mixture of a neigh and a taunting, baritone laugh, smearing its tainted cream across Kelsea's lips as he spurt onto her face. She lapped at it eagerly, like she had no mind save for the taste of semen. The red Imp grunted and came, beginning its slow retreat from her body and Roland's crawling threat as he pumped his load across her body, splattering his cum onto her heaving breasts and down her arched stomach. Cackling, the two retreated, leaping over the slut's face, dragging their scrotums across her nose in rank disrespect as they fled the scene. 

"You little fucks!" Roland shouted, holding aloft his bloodied sword, "Get back here, and I'll cut yer fuckin' balls off!" He was red faced, enraged beyond words. He tossed his blade to the side as he pulled himself painfully to his charge. His right leg burned and he felt blood dripping from his torn leggings. Their camp was in shambles, half the equipment shredded in the heavy fighting. He didn't care about any of it. "Kelsea," He said, his voice strained and concerned. "Kelsea, Gods are you all right?" 

She didn't answer, moaning deeply as her body shifted this way and that, her back arching and her legs remaining spread, as though she were waiting for something to finish... or perhaps continue the violation. He couldn't see her eyes, though she licked her lips and let out a deep growl, something he had never heard from her before. All at once she sat up, her body moving with a strange, marionette-like suddenness. She regarded at him, her face and chest caked in white as she stared with terrifying intensity squarely at Roland's form. Her head tilted, moving in an alien-like fashion. She did not seem to recognize him. Her eyes were blood-red, the pupils pinpricks of blackness across a sea of crimson. "Fuck me." Roland said, grimacing at the pain. She was in a mating haze. Holding up his hand, he tried to say something. "Kelsea, don't. It's Rol-" 

He didn't get the chance to finish his hopeless entreaty. Looking and acting nothing like her normal self, the Succubus sprang forward, gripping Roland in inhumanly strong hands, lifting him effortlessly off the ground as she drove him against the tree, his injured leg striking it in the thigh and causing him to cry out in pain. Not waiting for a response, she smooshed her mouth against his, biting down hard on his lip and drawing more than just blood, tearing at his flesh. Roland endured the pain as she mashed her lips against him, her actions far in excess of even their most intense passions in the past. She threw her chest against his, her nipples scratching against his and causing sensitivity to spike across his body at the sensation. 

She tore his armor off of him with the kind of careless strength that belied her danger, the leather coming off in one, painful pull as Roland's one good leg shook from the effort of holding himself up. He was still bleeding from the other leg, the wound untreated as the addled mind of the Succubus began to plant biting kisses across his face, leaving purple marks of suction all across it. He could hear her, whispering low in his ear as she forced his mind to unthinkingly become erect, diverting blood from his wound into his wang as she moulded his mind like clay. As if from the ether, Roland found his mind assaulted by thoughts of rough copulation, of soaring conquests of the flesh as he took this burning, searing creature every which way he could think of: from brutal lap poundings to deep, thrusting bliss. He struggled to think clearly as she played with his mind, her breath heavy and corrupted against his face as she panted open-mouthed. 

"Kelsea, please." He said, but she did not listen. The Succubus ripped his pants free as well, revealing the triple-streaked gash and deep bite against his thigh as she roughly groped his exposed nethers. She did not relent, jerking him hard and bringing him to ejaculation in near seconds. He let out a groan and came, his thick cock pointing out behind her as she stepped between his legs, clenching his shaft against her succulent thighs as hired fired ropes of jism behind her ass. She let out an appreciative moan, her labia dragging itself along his length like a secondary hand jacking him off. 

He didn't soften; his body felt as unspent as if it had been weeks since he'd released his tension. Roland could literally feel her filling his balls, the untrammeled weight of them increasing substantially within his sack as they grew to accommodate her will. Roland groaned, his mind a cacophony of images and phantom feelings of penetration, insertion, copulation that rounded his brain endlessly, devising ever new and more turgid thoughts to fornicate her with. His hands, despite the sharp pain in his leg, reached forth and gripped the ass he had come to worship in his travels, his head leaning down and burying itself against her shoulder. He was as helpless as a maiden in her grasp, focused on the unholy union of her gorgeous, purple rear, his hands circling, kneading and gripping them tight, causing its owner to cackle as madly as the Imps had done and gyrate against him. They adopted a rough rhythm, her hips shifting against his unyielding body as she slid her slick slit across his cock, the wet vice of her juices defiling his manhood. At last she could bear it no longer, gripping his prick, giving a few appreciatively firm strokes, then turning it at a painful angle to pierce her sodden box. 

Roland grimaced, unable to respond before the purple hellion had humped half his erection into her overheated innards. She thrust against him how a man would, lifting one leg so her knee pressed to the side of his stomach against the tree. She screamed a banshee's cry as she kept Roland tight against the tree, eyes staring mindlessly at him, with nary a sign of recognition in the blood colored orbs. She chomped on his neck, leaving another tooth-marked hickey across it. Had Roland been a less-astute student of bestiaries he'd have been terrified she was a vampire. As it was he crushed her rear against his fingers and pulled her tight against him, trying anything he could think of to halt her incessant back and forth across his crotch. He came again, his sperm shooting itself deep within her walls as she quivered and creamed, her mouth opening as she let out another animalistic sob. 

Pulling off for the briefest of moments, the mating matriarch gripped Roland in two hands and rigorously rolled her fingers across him, keeping him hard and filling him again with carnal power and seed. Not about to let her captured quarry escape, she turned, planted her jiggly rear against his hips, and shoved the whole of him within her in one, effortless motion. Roland cried out, his hands unthinkingly gripping her feminine hips and pulling her soft buns tight to him. She bent her back forward, granting him a luxurious view of her slithering spine as she placed her hands against the ground, her hair spilling out like trickling black cave water down her head and across the crown of her horns. Had she not the inhuman hue of her own skin she'd have almost looked like a maiden, embracing the lustier aspects of her nature. Instead, she looked like a corrupted angel: her slender shoulders tensing as she continued to savagely push back against him. 

He came again but she didn't stop, only lengthening the thrusts she made against him. She drew her hips forward, nearly freeing his overused penis head from her confines, before diving back deep, his cock finding its place pressed tight against her cervix. Roland threw his head from side to side, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried vainly to escape the burst of pleasure that made his brain turn to mush and his desires inflame still further. "Kelsea..." he groaned, feeling the distinct dizziness of his bloodloss and further weakening of his system from the sex. He wanted to stop, but he didn't want it to end. He desperately hoped she would cease her lust, yet he was not going to be the one to end their tryst before she'd broken her haze. He thanked the Gods that he'd saved her from a fate worse than death, but cursed them in the same breath as he realized he may have simply doomed himself, instead. 

______________________________________________________________________ 

It was near daybreak now, and nothing had changed. Sure, the position, speed, and methodology had shifted places like a sexual sambo, but the result was always the same: Kelsea was slowly draining him dry. The statement wasn't even hyperbole: even her incessant magical taint spreading into Roland's balls could not continue its cum-filling onslaught unabated without flagging, through the sheer weakness of the flesh in question. The mercenary had never been what you would call a 'lightweight' when it came to sexual stamina, but even he - wounded and exhausted as he was, was clearly weakening. 

She was a minx of demonic proportions: filling herself to the brim with his meat in an incessant inundation of her insides. First she'd spear her insanely heated pussy against him, smashing her purple ass tight against his body before shifting her hips forward, revealing him like a magic trick from her innards before driving him against the tree again with her body-shaking thrusts. Roland had long since given up trying to resist, instead doing his level best to 'fuck her brains out,' as the parlance of the moment demanded. He did just that, ignoring the painful wound in his leg as he gripped her by the hips and jammed himself deep within her. 

Her belly sloshed, his cum coming in streams of white seed that coated her insides and filled her corrupted womb with more and more of his baby batter. Undeterred by his newest eruption, she pulled off of him, allowing the last long strands to spurt across her back and paint her in pearlescent beneficence, her skin beginning to physically absorb the liquid almost before she even had time to stand up. Her tail curled around his cock, jacking him rapidly and remaking his slowly shrinking erection back into the towering blast of bloated thickness. Each time she whispered in her hellish voice Roland could hear the infectious seep of her influence make his cock just a little longer, just a little fatter. His balls swelled just a little thicker, his sac stretching just a tiny bit more in their place, swaying like a pendulum beneath his cock. 

She growled like an animal, leaping into his shaking arms as she impaled herself with a snipers precision, diving her body and crashing him into the tree yet again. Roland's vision swam as his hair swept about his face, the insatiate siren shoving herself against him as she squelched her already cum-filled cunny against his cock. The angle was superb: a perfect lift and thrust as she used the tree itself to gain leverage, lifting and lowering herself hard against his hips, giving him no chance to breathe, no chance to rest. 
