 So it's been three and a half years since chapter one... I'm the actual worst. I'll try to get chapter 3 done before 2018:)

::

I was having the most amazing dream. I felt so comfortable I could have been sleeping in a cloud. It made it all the more shocking to be awakened by that horrible, familiar whir of the hover ships. My eyes snapped open instantly but I felt like I was paralyzed. I lay on the bed, heart pounding, frozen with terror. There was only one reason hover ships would be out here in the middle of nowhere. They had come for us.

Eric snapped me out of my shock by pulling me off the bed by my arm. We grabbed our clothes in our arms and ran into the front room of the cabin, naked in the blue-grey light of early morning. We made for the back door, where we'd come in, but lights flashed up against the glass and we scrambled back into the shadows. 

Eric grabbed my hand and pulled me with him to the front door. As he turned the knob the door burst open, banging off the wall. The lights from the hover ships were so bright that I couldn't even see what grabbed me. I screamed when Eric's hand was pulled from mine. He said something to me but I couldn't understand in the noise from the hover ships. 

I felt the cool night air on my naked skin; I'd dropped my armful of clothes. Something was holding my arms behind me. I was forced through the blinding light and into a small dark space. A door closed and I was alone in darkness. I felt around with my hands and realized the space was a solid box, just large enough for me to crouch in.

I bit down on the panic that threatened to engulf me. I breathed steadily, in through my nose, out through my mouth, just like I did when I was running. I was still alive. And as far as I knew, Eric was too. I hope that whatever he had shouted to me were not his last words. There was a rumble and I felt the hover ship lift and move with me inside it.

I spent a long time in that dark box. My legs cramped and I tried to stretch one part of my body at a time. I'd always been a big planner. I liked to plan out every detail in advance and have a backup plan for each likely divergence. In this situation I had no idea where I was going or what was about to happen. I would make a plan when I got out of here and saw what I was dealing with.

After what felt like hours the hover ship landed with a thump. A few minutes later I heard a hiss and click and the door to my dark little cell opened into brightness. I was dragged out by one of the alien's flexible plastic claw hands and it led me along a hallway. The hall was featureless and a bright, clean white. There were panels in the walls that might have been doors but I didn't see Eric or anyone else. The creature lumbered ahead of me, it's huge, metal legs surprisingly light footed and quiet on the clean plastic floor. Its claw hand held my upper arm in a bruising grip, its arm twisted around to the back of its huge metal body to drag me behind. 

The monster stopped abruptly and a door beside us slid up into the ceiling. My captor swiveled its mechanical arm around and thrust me into a featureless white room. The door slid closed behind me. 

I stood in my new space and looked around. There was a bed in the middle of the room, narrow and raised high like a surgeon's table. That thought made me shiver even though the room was exactly the perfect temperature. In one corner there was a white plastic toilet. A cell, then.

As a walked around I saw that there were recesses in the walls that looked like they might have been doors and cupboards. I ran my hands over the smooth, warm plastic. I pushed and pressed but I couldn't make anything open. I circled the room over and over like a caged animal.

I wondered where Eric was. I had to hope he was in a cell like this one. The alternative was dead on the floor of the cabin. Though depending how this turned out that might turn out to be the preferable option.

Time passed. I felt like it wouldn't take long to go crazy in this place. I had nothing to do, nothing to look at, no way of telling time. I paced and lay on the bed and got up again and paced. I inspected my own body in the bright, clean light. I picked at my dirty fingernails and braided my hair.

I started singing songs to myself and wondered if there were aliens in a room somewhere watching me on monitors and taking notes. I had no doubt that the room was under surveillance. When the door slid open I was almost more excited than scared. An alien came in. Was it the same one? They all looked the same to me. This one had blue trim on its casing. I tried to remember that. 

I backed up against the wall as it advanced into the room. It's giant metal legs pistoned and hissed, propelling it across the floor. It grabbed my arm again and led me over to a different recess in the wall which slid up to reveal what looked like a shower stall. 

It pushed me inside and the door closed. Warm water seamed to spray from every side, the pressure pulsing against my skin. The jets moved and swished. It was like sensory overload after my hours alone in the white room. 

Completely without my permission a jet between my legs was arousing me, pulsing back and forth over my clit. I let out a small sound but before I could explore the sensation the water shut off. Air hit me next, gently buffeting me from all side and quickly drying my skin and hair.

The air stopped and the door slid up. I emerged clearer that I had been in a long time. Possibly cleaner than I had ever been. The alien was waiting. In its claw was a pouch which it expended towards me. I didn't want to take it but it grabbed my arm with its other claw and put the pouch in my hand.

I looked at it. The clear plastic pouch held a thick, cloudy liquid. There was a nozzle in one corner. I squished the substance in my hand, looking down at it distastefully. The alien grabbed my hand and pushed it and the pouch towards my mouth, saying something in their clicking language. It meant for me to eat the whitish liquid. 

My face twisted in disgust. The alien gripped the back of my head with its other claw hand and prepared to force feed me. "OK, OK!" I yelled, hoping it would understand. I wriggled free and twisted the cap off the mystery bag. I raised it to my lips and squeezed some into my mouth. I swallowed. It wasn't actually that bad. Sort of like watery porridge. The alien advanced on me and I took another swig.

When I was finished it took the empty pouch and left me alone. I almost wished it would stay. I paced and sang and worried about what might be coming next. If they were feeding me that must mean they didn't plan to kill me yet. That was good. Or maybe bad. Lab animals came to mind. Experiments.

I used the toilet and was looking around for paper when a jet of clean water shot up out of the bowl making me shriek, followed by a jet of air, drying me. I went and lay down on the bed. I was simultaneously exhausted and wired. I'd had a long hard day but I didn't want to let my guard down in this unfamiliar place.

My body was coiled so tight with worry that I couldn't relax. I wondered if they would dim the lights at night. Lying on the bed I fluffed my clean hair out with my fingers. It felt nice. I trailed my fingers over my face and down my neck. Squeezed my breasts, squishing them together and rubbing my nipples.

Maybe they were watching but I didn't care. I was like an animal to them anyway. I ran my fingers down over my bony ribs and my protruding hip bones, feeling the taught valley between them. I'd gotten so skinny since the invasion. I trailed my fingers through the tuft of dark hair above my slit. I used to shave it, back in the world, but I couldn't for the life of me remember why I'd taken the trouble. 

I slid a finger up through my folds, feeling the slick moisture already gathered there. As I rubbed myself I thought about Eric. I remembered one night, camping in the woods. It had been a good place and I remember feeling safe. We'd caught some fish and took a swim after we ate them. I remembered lying naked on our blanket. Looking up at the stars through the lacy leaves while Eric went down on me. He'd always been really good at it.

He'd start out really gentle, barely touching my skin with the warm tip of his tongue, trailing it up my slit to just barely flick over my clit. I wanted more, I'd buck my hips, trying to get more contact but Eric would chuckle, low in his throat and hold me still with his big hands on my hips and continue to torture me with slow caresses.

As I became more aroused he'd increase the pressure, flicking the tip of his tongue fast over my clit and making me jump and twitch. At this point he would slide a finger inside me, making me moan.

In the white room I increased the pace of my rubbing, running the pad of my index finger over and over my clit. I pulled my knees up and teased a finger around my hole with my other hand. I breathed deep and arched my back, feeling my orgasm building.

Eric liked to draw it out. When he knew I was about to come he would back off, slow down. It drove me crazy but I loved it. I wanted to come so bad that I would be practically begging him. He could keep me on the edge of an orgasm for minutes, shaking with pleasure until he finally let me come.

In the alien prison I let myself come as fast as possible. As a felt myself getting close I rubbed my clit with frantic speed, my wet finger-tip vibrating. I reached inside me with two finger on of my left hand and pressed down on that special spot, hard. I came with a quiet grunt, my legs quivering and my hips thrusting against the man that wasn't really there. 

After I came Eric would scoot up and hold me in his arms. He stroked my hair and kissed my neck while I came down from that blissful high he'd helped me achieve. "I love you," he whispered, so softly against my ear that I almost felt it more than heard it.

I curled into a ball on the white bed and fell asleep crying.

::

I woke up when the door opened again; I couldn't tell how long I had been asleep. An alien came lumbering in. Blue trim, my old friend. He was followed by another one, yellow trim on his suit. They approached the table where I lay and I shrank away from them. The two aliens grabbed me with their claws and held me down while restraints rose out of the side of the bed with a slight whirring noise.

The restraints encircled my ankles and wrists and I panicked when I struggled against them and found I couldn't move an inch. Maybe it was time for the experiments to start. A panel opened in the ceiling and trays and machines were lowered down from the openings. It reminded me of the dentist's office but the tools arrayed on these trays were strange and unfamiliar to me. 

The yellow trimmed alien attached sticky cups to my forehead and temples, then lumbered over to a monitor, where, I assumed, my brain waves were being transmitted. My breathing came fast and my heart pounded as a saw Blue-Trim select a tool from a tray and approach me.

The tool was a longish white plastic stalk with a rounded tip. It didn't look like it could inflict much pain but I was terrified anyway. Blue got closer and closer and I followed the mysterious tool with my eyes until he brought it to rest on the skin of my forehead.

The tip of the tool vibrated slightly and Blue ran the tool down my nose. I almost giggled. This was the weirdest torture session ever. The tool didn't feel unpleasant at all. Just a little strange; it made my skin tingle.

The alien ran the vibrating tool over my cheeks and each of my ears. I lay still, confused and wondering why this was happening. When the tool rubbed over my lips I felt a little jolt of pleasure. The yellow alien watching the monitor said something in their clicking language and Blue rolled the tool over my lips again, around the outline of my lips and just inside the bottom one. It felt really good and my breath started coming faster.

Blue rolled the tool down over my chin and gently down my throat. I shuddered when the tip buzzed over my jugular. The aliens explored my reaction to the tool up and down each arm. Then they started at my toes. The tool tickled on the soles of my feet and I tried to twitch away. 

When the vibrating head of the tool reached my inner thighs I was starting to get aroused. My skin there is so sensitive and as the tool got closer and closer to my pussy I was having trouble containing my moans. But I couldn't keep the yellow alien from seeing exactly what was happening in my brain.

As I writhed under the tool on the bed the aliens chattered excitedly to each other. The blue alien methodically rubbed to tool over the outer lips of my pussy and then inside my folds. I cried out at the sensation of the vibrating tool on my sensitive flesh. When to tool touched my clit my hips left the bed and every muscle in my body seemed to tense.

The aliens clicked and chattered back and forth to each other and Blue moved the tool over my clit again, rocking it slowly back and forth over my sensitive bud. I whimpered and shivered. I thought I was about to come when the blue-trimmed alien removed the tool and started methodically moving it up over my stomach.

I panted and tried to slow my heartrate as the aliens mapped my reactions to the tool playing over my stomach and ribs. When Blue reached my breasts he made a spiral inwards to my nipple. When the buzzing tool touched my nipple it hardened and I moaned and twitched again. The alien moved the vibrating stick over and over and around my nipple while my breathing sped up again.

When they'd gotten data for all the skin they could reach, the aliens turned me over onto my stomach. The tool tickled on the backs of my legs but I started to get aroused again when the vibrating stick neared my ass. I cried out when Blue rolled the tip over my rosebud and he clicked something to Yellow before rolling the tool over and over my asshole.

I moaned into the bed and couldn't resist thrusting my ass up against the tool. Finally the aliens finished (even though I hadn't). The tools and machines were lifted up into the ceiling again and the aliens lumbered out of the room in their huge metal suits. When the door closed behind them the restraints opened and I slowly turned over on the bed. 

I was still very aroused and I thought about masturbating again. But I also felt violated. I hoped they never did that to me again. As I lay there thinking, the door opened and the blue trimmed alien came in again, alone this time. He had the vibrating tool in his hand as he approached the bed but he didn't restrain me.

I lay still as he brought the tool up to touch it against my breast. As the tool moved back and forth over my nipple, I allowed myself to relax and I started to moan as waves of pleasure moved through me. Never letting to tool leave my skin, Blue moved it down my stomach and between my legs. I lifted my knees and the alien moved the vibrator through my folds. I pushed against it, almost unconsciously and he pushed the stick inside me. My mouth fell open and I moaned, thrusting myself slightly against the stick. Blue picked up my rhythm and started thrusting gently into my pussy with the vibrator.

I licked a finger and brought it down to rub my clit. I lifted my hips slightly to adjust the angle of penetration and Blue followed my lead. This alien was a fast learner; some of my former lovers could have taken a tip from him.

As my orgasm got closer I thrust faster against the tool and Blue increased the pace. I was moaning in time to his thrusts now, feeling like I was right on the verge. As I came I reached out blindly with my free hand and rested it against the warm metal casing of the alien pleasuring me.

When I'd stopped twitching I grasped the tool and gently removed it from my sensitive pussy. I lay there catching my breath and looked up at the alien standing over me. His face plate was just as inscrutable as the rest of him but that's where I directed my gaze. "Thank you," I gasped. The alien swiveled and stomped out of the room on his big metal legs.