 Note: Characters are copyrighted to their respective owners, MoonSilver to Champagne, 2008; Dominic to Dante, year unknown. This is an ongoing role-play that I do with my friend, so look for more chapters to come.

Also, my thanks to CatSleek for her editing of the writing for this story, both chapters so far.

Dom turned back to the portal and ran straight at it, making contact with it and vanishing in an instant. The portal itself once entered created a stretching sensation that seemed all the more unbearable for an instant as time appeared to freeze. Of course in a sense it did for the traveler as they were converted to energy and shot to a receiving point in the city of the magi itself. At the other end, the portal exited on a platform that floated a good few miles up attached by a walkway to a tower that was a part of the floating city. The view was certainly something from all the way up here; of course Dom had seen it before so it was less special to him beyond the city. The gaze on the city itself showed it was a flat base of streets with buildings and towers jutting up from it, all suspended by nothing at all several miles up by only air and magic.

MoonSilver followed Dom quickly through the portal, not wanting to get left behind. She bit back a yelp as the stretching sensation came over her, making her feel like she was a rubber band, stretched between realms. When she popped out of the portal at the other end, she grabbed a hold of Dom, getting her legs back under her as she looked around, the view catching her attention. 

"Oh, gods Dom, It's beautiful up here." She turned her head, taking in the entire view of the surrounding area, and then finally looked down at the city of the magi, a soft gasp slipping from her as she looked, the gleaming white streets and buildings sparkling in the sunlight entrancing her. Though she had a feeling that when she got down to the city from the portal opening, it would not be as shining white as it seemed from here. 

"Its nice it has to be said. Such a shame the cities full of obnoxious mages." He chuckled as he thought of that fact then quite calmly reached out and took her hand, guiding her towards the tower that was beyond the walkway in front of them. There were no rails obvious to stop you falling over the side but try as one might you couldn't move beyond the boundary of the walkway to fall over the edge. An invisible force simply seemed to stop one falling away. Another use of magic in the city alongside many others. The other they would come across is the lift platform that took them down from the portal platform to street level. Others were on the lift of course and more than that there were the guards which didn't seem to actually be living beings, instead they were stone golems shaped to look like soldiers. He had of course, not realized while they stood on the lift that he was still holding her hand. 

"So we'll find an inn and get situated then, sound good?" 

She left her paw in his, feeling a different tingling inside her at his touch, not the same sensation as when she first met him, but something pulling inside her, making her want something she didn't understand. At least, not yet. She smiled up at him, nodding. 

"That sounds good to me, Dom. After we get situated, can we take a look around the city? I want to see everything." 

"Sure, I'll show you the stuff worth seeing. There's more of the city on the ground below. Unlike what many believe, this city doesn't move, it floats in place kept up by spells both up here and down below. There is another city built up around the base but we won't need to go there. It's not exactly a very savoury place." He stated as the lift finally touched down at the spire base and he led her by the paw out onto the street. 

"Now which way was the inn..." he murmured to himself as he glanced left and right, trying to remember directions in his head, then finally picking left and leading her along that way. As he walked he talked more, clearly well versed in knowledge of the city and how it worked from the way he spoke. 

"The cities are old...been around some 200-300 years now. They have been through an awful lot, too, though its only actually been flying for the last 100 years if my memory serves. This area used to be pretty bad for raiders, invasions and general monster trouble, so they decided to move out of harm's reach. It wasn't really a city of mages until then. When everyone heard about a flying city, every scholar from the south to the northlands came to examine it and ended up staying. Such is the way of things, I suppose." 

The streets weren't to busy all things considered and he seemed to be in no rush leading her along at a casual pace. Of course she'd likely notice they were getting a lot of odd looks, or more specifically he was and people seemed almost instinctively to be giving him a wide berth. 

Moon listened to Dom as he spoke of the history of the city, her eyes looking around at everything, though she fought to keep herself from stopping to look at everything. She knew she would get a chance to really look around a little later, right now, she just absorbed the history of the city. Seeing people avoiding them and giving them strange looks, mostly to him but she got a few as well, being so close to him as her paw was in his. 

"Dom, is this what you were telling me about? How people tend to avoid you because of the natural magic in you?" Her eyes had narrowed slightly, still troubled by the fact that there were people in the world who would treat someone the way he'd been treated because of his natural ability with magic. 

"Yep, pretty much. You get used to it. There are a few folks in the city who won't even trade with me because of what I am. One even tried to have me branded a monster and interred for magical research when I first came here. That got shot down pretty fast though and in a manner of speaking, I'm a citizen of the city and one of the higher tier researchers. Doesn't accord me any more respect though with the other folks." He replied, seeming on the surface not to be bothered by it in the slightest. Apparently he just accepted it as part of the territory that was his existence. 

At last he brought her to a halt outside of a larger building set apart from the others that appeared to be the tavern, given the flow of people in and out of it and the sounds of revelry from within. It was marked as the Flying Maiden and seemed quite the social hub from the outside. 

"This is the place, and a nice one, too. Rooms are comfy and not to pricey given how good they are. The innkeeper is one of the few in the city who doesn't treat me like an outsider." 

Moon slipped her paw from his, her arm sliding around his waist, not caring what others said. She leaned against him slightly, letting her body talk for her, telling him she didn't mind the electricity between them. 

She stopped when he halted, her tail waving slightly behind her. "I think I'm gonna like this innkeeper. He might not be a friend, but at least he doesn't treat you like you carry the plague, or worse, fleas and ticks." 

She grinned up at him, her amber hues sparkling up at him before she stretched up, bringing her muzzle close to his cheek and kissed him. 

"He's the closest thing to a friend we'll get in this city, you might even say he's family in a loose sense. He's from the same village I'm from, except he hasn't been back there since the day he left." he said, turning his head to smile down at her lightly, a slight rosy hue under his fur showing her kiss had engendered some kind of reaction and he let his arm loop around her waist in turn and give her a little squeeze. 

"Come on, let's get something hot inside of us and get a little rest." he said then guided her towards the door. He released her only to open the door for her like a gentleman and half bowed to wave her in with a broad smile on his muzzle. 

Moon blushed under her fur, not used to someone holding a door for her or letting her walk in first. Her brothers had always rushed into the house, knocking her down when she was younger, and as she grew older, they would purposely push her out of their way, though more gently than before. She stepped into the tavern, her tail brushing against his leg as she walked past him but once she was inside, she paused, looking at all the patrons inside, not used to this many people around her at one time. Trembling, her paw gripped his when he came in, betraying a bit of her nervousness. 

Dom squeezed her paw in response, a reassuring sign in this new environment for her before he led her over to the bar and the very large black wolf who presided over it, his arms folded over his chest till Dom approached with Moon in tow. The larger wolf reached down then and took Dom's arm at the wrist, shaking it firmly before releasing, offering a grin to the younger male. 

"Nice to see you again, lad. Hope the locals didn't give you hassle again on the way in. Who's the tail?" the innkeeper asked. 

Dom glanced back at Moon with a smile then to the innkeeper. 

"This is MoonSilver; she wanted to see the world so her parents released her to travel with me. She's not used to lots of bodies in such a small confines so she's a little nervous. Moon, this is Arnex." 

"Pleasure to meet you, Moon, welcome to my place. Don't start no trouble and you won't get any is the rule of thumb here. Doubt you will, of course, but just gotta tell ya anyway." Arnex offered with a flash of teeth in a grin. 

Moon followed Dom, her tail wrapping around her waist as she walked. The large black wolf they were headed to reminded her of her father. Big, blunt, yet friendly. She offered her free paw to Arnex, a small smile on her face. 

"It's nice to meet you, too, Arnex. I don't plan on starting any trouble. But if anyone starts with me, I'll forewarn you, the only other female in my house is my mother. I grew up with four brothers, and they made sure that if someone came across our home, as remote as it is, I'd be able to take care of myself. And it didn't hurt that I knew other tricks my mother taught me." 

"Okay then, girly, just so ya know and all." 

His gaze turned on Dom then, his face straightening up as Dom placed a few gold coins on the bar in front of him which he swept up quickly and tucked into a pouch in his belt. 

"Yer usual room it is, then. I'll get extra bedding sent up. Sorry I can't get ya a separate room, but we're a bit tight on it at the moment." 

"That's fine Arnex; I'll take the floor with the extra bedding and let this one have the bed. We might come down for some food as well once we've dumped our stuff." he replied then reached for Moons hand to guide her towards the stairs up to the second and what would then be the third floor where their room was going to be. The room itself had a bed slightly larger than a single all made up, a chair by a window and a chest of drawers. Not much but functional and the bed would at least be comfortable. In the room Dom dumped his backpack quickly and propped his staff up against the chest. He then wandered over to the window and looked out, half watching the people on the street below. 

Moon followed Dom upstairs then into the room they were going to share. She set her bag down next to the bed, and then walked over to Dom, leaning her cheek against his arm as she looked out. "Is there more to this place than just the magic? Like normal things? Ummm, a market, or bazaar, maybe? Even if I can't afford things like silk and lace, I do like to look at them. Maybe someday I'll be able to buy the fine things like that, but for now, I'll just look."

Dom chuckled softly at her words and slipped his arm about her waist as they looked out of the window together. This was an odd city to be sure, a place of spires and great thoughts...but there were other things too. 

"Aye, there is a bazaar just up the street, held usually at an intersection of the roads where it's more open. It runs nearly every day of the week bar the last. We can find a few nice things there I wager for you and I'm sure I can dip into my own funds a little to provide you with such," he offered. 

He turned to face her then, a way from the window, moving his paws to rest them on her hips as he regarded her. He felt that tug again looking at her, she was such a beautiful female, a shame she had been in the wood all that time but while he was tempted, he wasn't sure if he should. He felt he might be taking liberties where he should not, just thinking about it. 

"What would you like to do now then, hm?" 

Moon smiled at Dom, blushing under her fur as he offered to buy her some nice things. "You don't have to, Dom, but if you choose to, then I won't stop you." She felt the pull of desire as she looked up at him, his paws on her waist, and she knew what she would rather do than shop, but she didn't know if he would want the same thing. He had seen more of the world, and most likely, better looking females. She figured he wouldn't want to settle for a daughter of the woods, such as herself. But she couldn't help but to stretch up against him, her fingers slipping into his ruff of fur by his ear, her muzzle touching his softly as she kissed him. 

There were so many very, very good reasons why it was a bad idea for him to respond to her, least of all that he had promised her parents that he would protect her, not mate with her. On some level, wasn't he considering doing so a betrayal? Was she really ready for such a thing as well when she had lived so sheltered a life by comparison. Of course these concerns while valid went out the window when she kissed him and he responded naturally, returning the kiss deeply while he slipped his arms firmly about her waist and pulled her body tightly against his own, growling softly in his throat as desire flooded, his desire he had not exercised in a very long time now. 

Moon yielded to Dom as he deepened the kiss, pulling her tightly to him, her breasts pressing against his chest. She heard his soft growl and let one of her own, a soft, welcoming growl of desire. Her other paw slid around his body, her hand stroking his back. She held him close to her, feeling her need rising inside her. 

Holding Moon so he picked her up off her feet just a little and pushed her backwards, pinning her up against the glass for a moment as he kissed her then just as suddenly moved away and trapped her against the wall beside the bed instead. In doing so his kiss became deeper hotter and more needy, his body grinding into hers slowly making no stranger of the fact that he wanted her as his hardness so covered by his clothes was pressed up between her thighs against her. He broke the kiss then, panting heavily as he looked at her before he murmured huskily. 

"Is this what you want?" 

Moon moaned softly into Dom's mouth as he continued to kiss her, her back pressed against the glass, then the wall, his hard length pressed against her soft, yielding body. His husky voice sent shivers of needful desire through her, and she nodded slightly, whispering back, "Dom, I want you. I have since we met in the cave back home." 

"So have I..." 

He proffered, though he was in truth surprised she had wanted him in return. he didn't see himself to be that attractive. In fact he was used to females ignoring him, doubly due to his condition. The few encounters he'd had with females were short lived for various reasons. Mostly those not able to come to terms with what he was and the feeling he gave those around him. 

He turned around with her in his arms then, walking holding her body against him towards the bed and then calmly he dropped her onto it. Standing over her he took hold of his shirt and lifted it over his head, baring his chest which in a place or two was marked with scars under the fur. The price of a little adventuring. 

"I want to see you...in the fur..." he said as he reached down to undo his breeches, dropping them to expose himself and how ready he was for her.. 

Moon's eyes went to Dom's bared chest as his shirt came off, her paws coming up to run over his furry chest. Rising to her knees, she reached around behind her, and unhooked the back of her corset, letting the stiff leather fall to the bed in front of her, leaving a thin silken fabric to cover her breasts, wrap around her sides, and over her womanhood. Running her paws over her body, she slowly moved down to her belly chain, and slid the fabric from under it in the back, then slowly brought her paws up, teasing Dom as she pulled the fabric from her breasts in short tugs, baring herself below the waist first then slowly pulling it from her breasts completely. Now, with nothing left on her except her belly chain, she knelt on the bed in front of him, her eyes roaming over his hard, firm body, a soft growl of desire slipping from her. 

"Please, Dom..." she whispered, not sure what she was begging for, but knowing she wanted him. 

Dom moved onto the bed with her then and took her into his arms, kneeling before her as he embraced her and kissed her. As he did, his hard cock rubbed against her belly and womanhood, staining her fur and sex with precum, rubbing against her in a teasing fashion. Then slowly he guided her down and pushed her onto her back, moving his body over hers so that the head of his cock lodged itself against the lips of her sex, so close and yet not in her just yet. His muzzle came down and he nipped her neck again and again, leaving marks under her fur, teasing her openly. 

Moon growled softly as his hard cock teased her, rubbing against her, but not giving her what she wanted. She would have lifted her hips, to get him to enter her, but his muzzle started to nip her neck, making her writhe under him, her eyes closing in pleasure at the feel of his teeth marking her. 

"Dom..." she huskily whispered, her voice dripping with her need. 

Dom reached down between them then and gave her what she wanted, sliding himself into her slowly for he assumed that she was untouched by male and he had no desire to hurt her more than it would for that. In moments, his hips pressed against hers and he let out a long shuddering groan against her neck, his hot breath ruffling her fur before he returned to kissing and nipping her. His paws planted against the bed as he slowly rocked his hips, sliding his hardness in and out of her from base to tip, letting her feel all of it and controlling himself from going harder and faster on her this first time while she adjusted. 

"Oh goddess, Moon..." he murmured huskily. 

Moon stiffened slightly as she felt Dom entering her, his hard thick length breaking her barrier as she buried her muzzle into his shoulder and cried out softly. She hadn't expected the pain, but she wanted him too much to want to stop. And then he gently, slowly moved out and then back into her, her body starting to adjusted to him being inside her. Her paws came up and started to caress his back. 

"Oh, Dom... you feel so good inside me," she whispered. 

As she spoke, he picked up the pace a little, moving more firmly and swiftly but not to much so, he didn't want to overdo things for her first time still. What he could do however, was play with her while he took her and leaning down her body he found her breast and suckled one of her nipples between his lips, grazing his teeth over it and playing with it using the tip of his tongue. At the same time he moved his weight to his arms and a little onto her body so he could slide his paws under her and get a firm grip on her rump, squeezing and kneading it while he thrust in and out of her. 

She arched her back, crying out softly in pleasure as his mouth covered her nipple, his teeth and tongue teasing her nipple into stiffening.. She felt his paws sliding under her, kneading her rear as he continued to thrust into her, still gentle but more sure strokes into her. Her legs wrapped around his waist, causing her rump to press back into his hands.
