 Samis came slowly awake with a feeling of utter contentedness. Terregan's arms were wrapped securely around her and a thick soft blanket lay over them both making a warm cocoon that she snuggled even further into. Samis still felt a little like this was all a dream but the wonderful ache in her loins told her it was not. Now she wondered what they would do next. Terregan had said he wanted her to bear his child. What if she couldn't become pregnant? Would he want her anyway? What was going to happen now? Suddenly her feeling of content evaporated. What was she doing laying here in the arms of one of the most powerful sorcerers in centuries? Terregan had told her himself that she shouldn't trust him. Doubt began to creep its way into her heart. Last night had seemed like it was meant to be. Even her gift had seemed as if it pushed her toward what had happened. Samis felt close to tears. She didn't know what to do. 

Terregan watched her face as she woke. It warmed his heart to see her small smile, but as he watched her the smile faltered. It was replaced with a worried frown. Samis' face was so expressive he could almost tell what she was thinking simply by watching the emotions that flickered across her features. He almost laughed as a look of desperation overrode every other emotion. Samis was such an innocent in this terrible contest of wills between himself and the Emperor Augustine. It was just one more reason for him to hate the man. His absolute disregard for the damage he did to others made him a monster in his own right, but the means by which he carried out his wishes were the most monstrous of all. Terregan would have lost her forever if Augustine's thugs had decided to attack her anywhere but beside the great Blackweld Forest, his own lands. He simply couldn't bear the thought.

Samis caught a lip between her teeth, worrying it until she made it bleed. What was she going to do? Her mind told her to run, run as fast as she could away from this place, but her heart and even her gift told her to stay. She had given her body to Terregan and if she was honest with herself her heart as well. He just felt so right. Samis couldn't help thinking of something her mentor Dunen had said to her one time after extracting her from a bit of trouble she'd gotten herself into. Dunen's kind eyes had crinkled in amusement at her in that way she loved so much as he said "Samis my dear, you trust your head entirely too much. Your heart should be your true guide. It will never lead you astray". The least she owed him now would be to listen to his advice. The weight on her heart she hadn't realized was there suddenly lifted. No matter what happened, she would stay with Terregan as long as he wanted her. If he decided to cast her aside when, or if, she quickened with his seed she would deal with that when the time came.

Terregan watched her stormy expression clear with trepidation. Samis had come to a decision and he feared what that decision might be. How could he explain to her that he had given her his heart long before she was even born? In all fairness he had no right to give her that burden. What she did now had to be her decision alone. He desperately needed their child, and even if it destroyed any chance he had to gain her love he would see that it happened, but her feelings toward him had to be her own choice. He could not bring himself to force her to love him, though the power was his to do so. Fear of her rejection made his eyes sting with tears.

Samis had turned to see if he was awake yet and was caught off guard by the tears in his eyes. What had caused him such anguish? She lifted her hand to his cheek in a soft caress and his expression changed utterly with that one simple gesture. With a start Samis realized that he had been watching her all along, seeing her troubled expressions as she thought about what to do. It hit her with a jolt that he was worried about how she felt. Samis had to reevaluate everything she thought about this man. For some unknown reason he actually cared for her. The care he had taken with her last night should have been proof enough but his tears made it more real somehow. She knew without a doubt then that she had chosen right.

Samis' soft caress, the concern in her eyes, made his heart sing with joy. She had decided in his favor. He wanted to shout his elation to the world but instead drew her to him for a passionate kiss. Her lips were so soft and welcoming he felt a surge of lust rocket through his body. He had lain with hundreds of women in his long years but none had had the effect on him that Samis did. It was as if her body had been made for him alone. As he deepened their kiss her tongue tentatively flicked out to meet his own. Emboldened by this he cupped her small round buttocks in his hand, squeezing gently. Her soft moan turned his passion into a roaring blaze and he let his kisses wander across her cheek to the supple skin of her neck.

Terregan's large hands roamed across her body leaving trails of fire in their wake. Even though she was still rather tender from their coupling last night she felt that wonderful ball of pressure awake again in the pit of her stomach. Feeling a little surer now she explored his lean body with enthusiasm. Every time her hands caressed him he would shudder slightly and Samis reveled in her ability to make him do so. Letting her hands wonder down to his semi-erect organ she wrapped her fingers around the silky shaft and stroked him gently. Terregan groaned softly into her ear and she suddenly wanted to know very badly how to please him, how to make him cry out in passion. In order to do that she had to ask him what he wanted but was a little daunted by the prospect. It struck her just how little she really knew about loving a man.

Terregan felt her hands hesitate in their ministrations and leaned up on an elbow to look into her face. Samis ducked her head and blushed fiercely under his scrutiny.

"What troubles you, little dove?"

"I don't know what to do to...to please you," Samis felt like an absolute fool but he only smiled a breathtakingly charming smile and cupped her face in one of his huge rough hands.

"Your very presence pleases me Samis."

This warmed her heart but it wasn't what she wanted to know.

"Thank you, but what I meant is, well, teach me how a woman pleases a man's body," Samis wished she could melt into the soft mattress. This was mortifying. Terregan looked at her with and intense expression for a moment before he nodded.

"You should not be embarrassed by your curiosity Samis. I would not have you feel as if you could not talk to me about anything you wished," Terregan nearly lost his composure as she turned an even deeper shade of red. Such a sweet little thing she was. He said a silent thank you to the Gods for their gift of this woman. "There are many ways to please a man. Your hands were pleasing me greatly just now. You could also use your mouth to give me pleasure."

Samis nearly choked at this. Terregan could see she understood immediately what he had meant and barely stifled a laugh at her reaction. 

"What...what would I need to do?"

Terregan closed his eyes for a moment trying to find the right words to tell her. Just the thought of her soft lips on his shaft made his heart thump but he did not want to frighten her. It would be best to let her try for herself with a little guidance from him. He sat up and stacked a few pillows behind himself to lean on. She watched his every move with such intensity that he nearly blushed himself. What a strange effect this beautiful woman had on him.

Samis watched him prop himself up with the pillows. Gods his body was glorious! She had never seen a man with skin so pale but it didn't take away from his handsomeness. In fact it only enhanced it. Then his stiff protruding organ caught her attention and despite herself she could not look away. Samis couldn't help her fascination. She had never seen a naked man this close before him, especially such a large specimen. Tentatively she reached out and touched the head of his organ with the tips of her fingers and was rewarded with a stifled gasp from Terregan. Working up her courage she moved between his legs until her face was only a few inches from his shaft.

Terregan thought he would explode soon if she did not stop staring at him. He wanted her so badly it was torture to sit still like he was while her lips were only inches from the tip of his organ. Then she shook her head as if to clear it and grasped his shaft where it joined to his body. With a soft exhalation of breath she took him into her mouth. The hot moistness of her mouth was almost too much for him to take. He let his head fall back with a loud moan as her tongue twitched over the head of his shaft. His hands drew up into fists with the blankets bunched in them. Every muscle on his body was tense with need.

Samis loved the feel of him in her mouth, his reaction to what she was doing. His whole body seemed to vibrate and his hands clutched at the blankets. Emboldened by this she drew him further into mouth, letting his organ slide past her lips until it bumped against the back of her throat. She could actually feel his pulse throbbing against her tongue. The feeling of power it gave her was intoxicating. Slowly she lifted herself back up, his shaft glistening with her saliva as it left her mouth. Terregan's eyes were tightly shut and his lips pressed firmly together.

"Am I doing it right?" She couldn't help teasing him a little.

"Yes," he hissed softly, "Please, do not stop."

Lust blossomed in her belly at his words and she took him into her mouth again with more enthusiasm. Remembering the night before, she set a slow steady rhythm, letting her tongue curl around his shaft as she bobbed her head up and down. Her hands kneaded his thighs softly and the soft grunts and gasps he made as she pleasured him made her loins ache in a completely different way. After a few minutes he placed his hands on either side of her head, tangling his fingers in her hair.

Terregan groaned deep in his throat. Samis' mouth was hot on his organ as she took it nearly to the hilt. He could feel her tongue working around his rigid shaft in little darting movements while her lips gripped him tightly. It was glorious torture. He was tempted to let her bring him to release in this way but he wanted to please her as much as she was pleasing him so he held back, letting his lust ride a plateau of sensation. 

Samis could sense that Terregan was holding himself back and she marveled at his ability to control his body so completely. The fire that had been growing steadily in her loins blazed to a new level and she felt the juices of her body respond to that heat. She groaned just as the tip of his organ touched the back of her throat and his reaction was instant. 

The vibration of her groan sent shock waves through his body. With a growl he lifted her head free of his organ and leaned forward to capture her lips in a fierce kiss. He pushed his tongue past her lips to delve deep into her mouth where he tasted traces of his own fluids. Gripping her waist he lifted her up to straddle his hips, lowering her onto his throbbing shaft with a grunt. Terregan was a little ashamed that he had lost control of himself so thoroughly but her sheath was drenched with her own juices and she slid easily onto his organ. 

"Ah I burn for you Samis," he rasped as she took him to the hilt with a sharp gasp, "Let me show you pleasure like you have never known before!"

Terregan's words sent delicious shivers up her spine. His silky shaft literally throbbed inside her, filling her completely. It only stoked her fires all the more. Samis splayed her hands across his chest and leaned forward a little to open herself even further, which earned her another growl from him. His hands gripped her hips firmly and pushed her down against him as he ground his organ into her. The tip of his rod pressed hard against that extra sensitive place inside her causing her to orgasm instantly. She cried out, throwing her head back in abandon.

Terregan hadn't expected her to react like that. He was taken aback at how wild and passionate she was when she let down her barriers. It gave him a wicked idea. He withdrew from her hot dampness groaning at the friction her spasming muscles created around his organ then rolled them over pulling her underneath him. He flipped her over onto her stomach then kneeled between her legs admiring her firm round buttocks. Gently he pulled her back until she was on her hands and knees with her plump round globes tantalizingly close. His fingers trailed down the crease of her buttocks gently spreading her cheeks to reveal the tight pink bud hidden there. He stroked a finger over it, delighting in the quiver that caused. When he leaned down to place a light kiss there she stiffened a little.

"What are you doing Terregan?"

"I promised to show you pleasure like you've never known before," he growled at her.

"But...but," Samis didn't know what to say. It had never occurred to her that her bum hole could be a source of pleasure. It frightened her a little. He was so large surely it would hurt her terribly?

"Shhh little one, I will be careful I promise. The more you relax the easier it will be," Terregan told her, "Trust me." 

"Alright."

Samis still sounded unsure but he thought she would change her mind soon enough. He let his hands knead her buttocks as she relaxed a little. Then he drew a finger past the slit of her sheath flicking her clitoris as he did so. Her quick intake of breath made him smile. She was so ripe for the plucking, like an overripe peach. He leaned in to kiss her again and this time she didn't stiffen but instead moved her legs a little further apart. Terregan used his index finger to make little circles around her small bud teasing it. It was so small he knew it would take a lot to make her ready for him.

Samis had to admit what he was doing was sending chills up her spine, especially when he kissed her there. Her loins started to ache again and she whimpered a little as one of his fingers brushed her clitoris again. Then the finger that had been tracing circles around her bum hole left her. It returned slick with what she assumed was his saliva. Again it traced small tight circles around her bud then she felt him put some pressure there and she had to fight to keep her body from tensing up. It just felt so strange to be touched in that place but she did trust him and so with an effort relaxed her muscles.

Terregan sensed her struggle and moved a hand to her clitoris to help her loosen up. It worked just as he had hoped. Samis started to moan as he massaged her sphincter and her sensitive little clitoris at the same time. Encouraged, he pressed a little harder with his finger and felt the tip slide past her tight bud. She gasped but he did not believe it was from pain. He continued to massage her clitoris but did not push his finger further inside her. Instead he again made circular motions with his hand, getting her sensitive muscles used to the invasion of his digit. When he judged she was ready he leaned forward and spit a large drop of saliva on his finger before pushing it into her up the second knuckle, all the while stroking her clitoris with his other hand. Samis gasped, but did not otherwise protest so he pushed a little further. Her sphincter muscles tightened for a second then relaxed again as he twisted the finger back and forth spreading his saliva over her skin.

Samis wasn't sure anymore weather she would be able to do what he wanted. She could feel his finger pressing into her and while it did not hurt it was distinctly uncomfortable. His fingers working over her clitoris helped for her to stay relaxed but it was such an unusual feeling having something going into her bum hole instead of out that she didn't know how he expected her to enjoy it. Then his finger started to twist around inside her and the discomfort started to wane. It was still strange but she was starting to feel a little tingle in her buttocks caused by his finger's movement. When one of his other fingers slipped inside her sheath she shuddered with pleasure.

Terregan was very pleased with how easily she was adjusting and started to move the finger in her tight arse in and out slowly. Samis groaned in obvious pleasure at this. She was ready now for him to add a second finger to the first and with another dollop of saliva he did just that. She accepted it easily though her sphincter gripped his digits tightly. He twisted them both inside her, stretching the muscles gently. Soon she would be ready to take his organ and the thought made his rod ache. For a few more minutes he continued to work his fingers around inside her, stretching her even more in preparation for him. When she was moaning and whimpering with enthusiasm he decided it was time. Slowly he withdrew the fingers and positioned his shaft at the entrance to her backside. He moved his other hand back to her clitoris pinching it a little harder now to make her even more ready for him. Making sure his rod was well lubricated with the saliva he had rubbed around her hole he started to push forward. 

Terregan's organ felt like a log compared to his fingers and Samis had a hard time keeping still as she felt him press the tip into her bum hole. The hand he was using to caress her clitoris didn't have as much room with his body so close to hers so she pushed her own hand down past her thick patch of pubic hair to help him. 

He was surprised when he felt her hand next to his at her clitoris but let her take over as it was harder for him to reach her now. That left both his hands free to spread her cheeks wide, allowing him even better access to her. With extreme care he pushed his organ a little more and groaned as her sphincter opened enough for the tip to slide inside her tight warmth. A groan escaped his lips as the sensation sent sharp jolts of pleasure through his brain. Terregan moved side to side a little letting her get used to the much bigger width of his rod. When she started making small whimpering noises he knew she was ready for more. Carefully he pushed himself further inside reveling in the feeling of her body wrapped to tightly around him.

Samis had been worried about his size but so far she hadn't felt any pain. In fact the tingling she had felt before was even stronger now and as she worked her fingers across her clitoris her nerves itched for more. Apparently he sensed her need and pushed himself further in. A warm feeling spread from her buttocks up her back and across her scalp. It felt good in a very strange way, not at all like when he had filled her sheath with his silken rod. She felt him move again and the warmth burst into a blaze of sensation. Samis buried her head in the blankets of the bed and groaned loudly.

Terregan had to force himself to go slowly with her muscles gripping him so firmly. He was almost completely inside her now and her body seemed to be pulling him even deeper into her tight hot core. With a growl he pushed himself to the hilt in her arse. Samis shuddered and groaned loudly again letting him know that she was enjoying this as much as he. He paused for a moment, letting her adjust even more to his size before he started to move back again. Her bum hole felt like a thousand mouths all sucking on his engorged rod at the same time. He was having a hard time keeping himself from letting his restraint go and ramming his organ into her again and again. Soon enough, he told himself. For now he needed to take it slow so that he did not hurt her.

Oh Gods she felt so full of him and his growls were only making her want him more. His slow withdrawal was torture itself. Samis wanted him to fill her again with his hard shaft, fill her completely. With a growl of her own she pushed her buttocks back against him trying to push herself onto his throbbing organ. 
