 Samis strolled along through the forest absently trailing her fingers through the branches lining the narrow path. It had been nearly a year now since she had married Terregan but sometimes she still found it hard to take in all that had changed in her life. When the strangeness became too much she would leave the little cottage they shared in the heart of the Blackweld Forest and wander for hours through the dense undergrowth to quiet her mind. Terregan would be upset if he knew she had wandered off alone again as she was now nearing the end of her pregnancy and would give birth to their child in just a few weeks but she needed the time alone.

Samis lingered for a moment next to an enormous moss covered tree that had fallen along the path as she thought about her husband. He was such a gentle man, at least with her. Samis would sometimes think of the stories she'd heard about the "Black Prince" in her youth. They had been terrifying and more often than not kept her awake at night as a small girl, but the Terregan she had come to know had never shown any darker side to himself. He was brutally honest and did not suffer fools lightly but Samis had never seen him mistreat anyone. 

A whimsical smile turned up the corners of her lips as she thought about her first time in Terregan's "court". There were no courtiers or servants to wait on their every whim as he presided over Barons and Warlords. No. Terregan's court was made up of woodsmen, fairies, sprites, and every other assortment of mythical folk that Samis had ever heard described in a bard's song. None served another unless in friendship or generosity and Terregan ruled them by their own choice, not by right of birth. He was loved dearly by all his subjects and it obvious in the deference they showed him.

Samis couldn't help the warm blush that crept up her cheeks as she also remembered his introduction of her to that same court. He had stood tall, looking so very noble even in his simple tunic and cloak, and informed them all without mincing words that Samis was his wife and none would lay a finger on her without permission or they would answer to him. Terregan's possessiveness had mortified her while at the same time given her a warm feeling in the pit of her stomach. Despite her misgivings in the beginning, he had made her happier than she had ever thought she could be.

She ran a hand over her pronounced belly and felt the life within stir at her touch. Samis felt tears welling in her eyes as she thought of the precious child she carried. Terregan had made it clear from the beginning that he would have a child by her one way or another, but Samis had come to want, to need, the child as much as he in the following months. When her courses had stopped, Terregan had placed a big callused hand over her womb trying to sense if she had indeed quickened with his seed. He had wept with joy when a strong spark of life answered his call.

Now that she was so close to giving birth Terregan was near to smothering her with his attention. Samis had barely had a moment alone and wouldn't have even have been able to walk in the forest today if Terregan hadn't had to rush off on some emergency. He hadn't even been able to take the time to tell her what it was. They'd been enjoying a cup of warm mint tea when a group of tree sprites rushed in and hauled him out the door. Samis had sensed her opportunity then and wrapping a warm shawl around her shoulders had headed out right behind them.

That had been almost two hours ago and Samis knew she needed to start for home lest Terregan had the entire forest searching for her. That was the last thing Samis needed now. Being the wife of the Black Prince gained her more attention that she warranted was necessary already. With a sigh Samis turned back the way she'd come and began the long walk home. It was probably for the best that she didn't go far now anyway. Though Terregan assured her it would be close to a fortnight before the babe came, Samis still worried a little. This was her first child after all.

Samis hadn't gone ten steps when she heard a sound that didn't quite seem to belong in the quiet forest's usual background noise. She stopped again, tilting her head a little in an effort to hear it more clearly. There it was, a soft tinkling of metal against metal, Samis was sure of it. Before her mind could process just how wrong that particular sound was a pair of strong hands grasped her from behind. A cloth, smelling of something strong and pungent was placed over her face and Samis didn't even manage to call out before unconsciousness claimed her.

"Ah, I see she is coming around now."

Samis heard the voice as if from a great distance and thought she recognized the slightly effeminate tone but the fog in her mind kept her from forming a coherent image of the speaker. Her entire body ached as if she'd been beaten soundly and she wondered if that in fact had happened. She couldn't say, her truth sense seemed to have deserted her. It chose a bad time to do so. Then she remembered the babe. Terror knifed through her clearing her head instantly. The child! Samis groaned in horror. What have they done to my child? Her trembling hands clutched her still rounded belly. When she felt the familiar movement within she nearly sobbed with relief. 

"Is she unwell? You said there would be no damaging effects."

That voice again, Samis knew that voice. Augustine! Samis knew then what had happened. She had been captured by the Emperor. Oh Terregan, she thought in anguish, if only I had listened to you and given up my walks. Samis couldn't help remembering the last time she had ignored advice from a man who loved her. It had been one of the last things her mentor Kartis had said before drowning in his own blood, murdered by order of the very man who had just spoken.

"She is listening to us, Exalted One."

Samis winced at this new voice. Its desiccated dry rasp belonged to someone she knew, though the knowledge of that person was like a clinging black stain in her mind. Entraitenne, the Emperor's chief advisor and assassin, laid a cold smooth hand on her forehead and Samis flinched at the reptilian touch. She couldn't help comparing Entraitenne's soft hands to her Terregan's rough callused ones. The difference was vast. Samis opened her eyes though she had no wish to see the two men occupying the room with her. 

"Hello my dear. Nice to see you again, though I see you have been quite busy sense we last spoke."

She hated the amusement that laced his rasping voice, knowing he referred to her pregnancy. Samis felt dirty, violated by the laughter that filled his words. Letting her anger strengthen her courage Samis glared up at the smirking face looming over her own. She couldn't believe she had once thought this man handsome, believed his narrow features refined.

"Why have you brought me here?" Samis grated through clenched teeth. 

"Why? For your own protection, of course."

"Protection from what, pray tell? From my own husband?" Samis knew it was the wrong thing to say as soon as she saw Entraitenne's arching brows draw together in a frown, though why it would anger him that she had married Terregan Samis couldn't understand. 

"What are you saying Entraitenne? What is she saying?"

Samis could hear Augustine shifting from foot to foot impatiently behind his assassin. Disgust filled her at the plaintive sound of his voice, though it was her own fault that she was here. If only she had listened to Terregan. Oh Terregan, she thought as tears filled her eyes, what have I done? A fierce longing for her husband filled her, causing her body to ache even more than it already was. Her throat closed tight as the reality of her situation hit home. Augustine would never let her go, especially with her carrying the child of his nemesis. In fact, it was more than likely he would kill her along with the unborn infant. Entraitenne's grating voice interrupted the train of her thoughts as he answered Augustine.

"Our guest was just inquiring as to why she was here, Exalted One. I was endeavoring to answer her question. That is all."

"Oh, well yes, of course that's it. Well, now that I know she's been brought safely to the palace I must attend to my court, if you will excuse me?"

"Of course Exalted One. I will stay, with your leave, and keep our lovely Samis occupied while you see to your duties."

Augustine had leaned around Entraitenne to peer down at Samis and she was shocked to her core by his appearance. In the year since she'd last seen the Emperor of Marchet his large body seemed to have shrunken in on itself leaving great folds of loose skin hanging on his bony frame. His red rimmed and slightly senile eyes shone wetly as he gazed absently at her. Augustine was a shadow of his former regal self and Samis wondered what had caused the obvious decline in his health. Then she shifted her gaze to Entraitenne and realized with a chill what had happened. 

The imperial advisor had been well into his forties the last time Samis had set eyes on him and now he looked to be a man of no more than twenty two years. In fact, Samis thought, he might possibly be mistaken as a youth barely into his majority by someone who hadn't known him as he was before. Samis had never thought him to be a mancer, but she had been wrong about many things concerning the Empire of Marchet, so she was not overly surprised by this new discovery. She did know however, that she was in much more trouble than she'd thought at first. There were things worse than death.

Without another word Augustine turned and left and Samis cringed at the thought of being alone with Entraitenne. His leer as the Emperor shuffled out the door told her more than enough of what his intentions would be. Her only hope now was to anger him to the point that he would kill her outright. Entraitenne had always had a terrible temper and she didn't think it would take much to turn that temper onto herself. 

Anguish filled Samis as she realized that her own death would certainly cause the death of her child but she knew that if Entraitenne were to take the babe he would twist it into something craven and evil. Samis could not, would not, allow that. Now that her decision was made a serene calm spread through her body, displacing the fear that had held her in its thrall since she had waked to find herself in Entraitenne's and Augustine's clutches.

"I know what you are thinking my dear, but you might as well save your breath. I will not kill you. Oh no, I have something infinitely more pleasing in mind."

Samis shuddered with loathing, all too aware of what he meant. The very thought of him laying a hand on her made her stomach roil violently. 

"I would take my own life before I would ever let you lay a single slithering finger on me Entraitenne. You disgust me thoroughly," Samis hissed at him, putting every ounce of the hatred and repugnance she felt into the words. Samis felt her heart fall when all it earned her was a narrowing of his beady eyes and a vicious looking smile.

"Unfortunately taking your own life is not an option I'm prepared to give you Samis," he said softly, though the quiet pitch of the words did nothing to lessen their potency. Samis did give in to her tears then. She was virtually powerless against this vile creature no matter how she wished otherwise and to make matters worse, he knew it. 

Entraitenne reached out then and stroked her cheek, catching her tears as they trickled down her face and his touch as cold as death. Samis whimpered, shrinking away from his chilly caress. This only seemed to spur him on and his fingers trailed down her smooth cheek to linger against her quivering neck. Samis could feel his soft fingers pressing lightly against her feverish skin and she closed her eyes in dread of what would surely follow.

"I can feel your heartbeat Samis. It races so swiftly through your veins. One would think you frightened of me," Entraitenne whispered softly. She wished he wouldn't taunt her, gloat so over her helplessness, but with a man like Entraitenne that would be like wishing that the cat wouldn't play with the mouse. It was simply in his nature to do so. 

Samis could here him murmur strange words under his breath and the chill from his icy fingers began to spread through her body. She panicked as a numbing lassitude followed the coldness, making her limbs feel heavy and useless. Samis tried to scream, protest in some way, but her body would not obey her commands to move. Even her throat seemed to be frozen, though she could breathe without difficulty. She knew then what he had been muttering softly before. It had been a spell, an enchantment that took away her ability to fight. It was a cowardly thing to do, but then she really could not expect anything better from this man.

Entraitenne's hand drifted down her body then, a burning cold touch that she could feel even through the heavy material of her clothes. Samis tried to close her eyes as his fingers worked the buttons of her tunic, cringing each time another slipped through its loop, but his spell prevented even that. It took only seconds for him to reach the last one and then his cold hard fingers parted the cloth, exposing her swollen breasts to his abhorrent touch. Samis couldn't even cry out against his vile assault, could not plead with him to leave her alone.

Samis drew on every ounce of her considerable will in an effort to move away from him but still her limbs would not obey. Entraitenne knelt on the floor next to her, leaning so close she could feel his dry sour breath drift across her bare skin. Then Samis felt his soft wet lips as they closed around her nipple, the light touch of his slick tongue as it darted across her flesh. If he hadn't already immobilized her she would have been violently sick then.

The revulsion that filled her nearly made Samis black out and she wished in vain that she had. Apparently his spell also had the effect of keeping her conscious, making her aware of every depraved act he performed on her body. Entraitenne's hands were now moving over her hips and thighs, down to the hem of her skirt. With a sharp twitch he flung the fabric up and Samis felt the cool air rush over the skin of her legs. She wanted to cry, to scream, anything to vent her terror and frustration, but still her body did not respond to her will. As Entraitenne's wintry touch traveled over her legs again, this time in the opposite direction, Samis' mind began to crumple. As his mouth continued its molestation of her breasts he pushed her legs apart just enough to open her to his hands.

She could feel his long slender fingers part her nether lips and they were as cold as ice. Samis' mind gave a little more as his index finger found her core and forced its way inside her. There was some pain sinse she was completely dry, unwelcoming, but it did not stop his invasion of her body. Samis could hear the slurping sounds Entraitenne made as he took first one then the other of her engorged mounds into his mouth. He was making low sounds now as his assault began to rouse his lust and he pushed another finger into her dry sheath.

Samis' mind nearly broke then as he plunged his soft smooth and utterly cold fingers in and out of her body. A small whimper escaped her then but went unnoticed by her as her mind shied even further from her rape. 

"Take. Your. Filthy. Hands. Off. My. Wife."

Each word was spoken distinctly and Samis almost, almost, did not recognize the deep voice who spoke them, so far had she retreated into herself. Entraitenne's hands stilled and began to shake. Terregan. He had come for her and if she could have she would have sobbed with relief. Suddenly Entraitenne's hands were gone and the cool air that took their place felt like the warmth of a roaring fire next to the chill his touch left on her body. Just as suddenly his enchantment was gone, freeing her from the prison he had made of her own flesh. She heard a shout, the sounds of a scuffle, then silence.

Samis felt her abdomen cramp painfully and leaned over the couch she'd been laying on to be sick on the floor, though all that came out was thick bile, her stomach empty of anything else. Her body shook from the force with which her stomach heaved and Samis felt something inside her tear. A warm gush of fluid rushed out between her legs then, soaking the couch and her skirts and Samis cried out as another ferocious cramp racked her. She doubled over, falling in a heap on the floor. It lasted only a moment before it passed, but left her gasping for air in its wake.

Samis felt someone lift her off the floor and clutch her unresisting body against a broad warm chest. Just as she opened her mouth to speak another painful cramp seared through her and a wordless cry was all that came out. 

"Samis, it is the babe. It is early but it comes now," Terregan told her softly as she trembled in his arms, his own body shaking as he though about how close he had come to losing her and the child. He cursed himself for leaving her alone like a fool. He knew that Augustine and his assassin advisor were capable of anything but had let his guard down at the worst possible time. His thoughts were interrupted when Samis tensed and cried out again as another contraction hit her. Shaking himself free of his torpor, he dashed to the door of the room and out into the corridor.

"Samis, heart, you must not push. You will feel like you have to, but do not. You must wait until your body is ready. Please, listen to me," Terregan pleaded with her. He had delivered more babes than he cared to remember over the centuries and knew that if she began to push to soon it would damage her body. He did not want to lose the child but neither did he care to lose the woman who bore that child. In the year they had spent together Terregan had come to treasure her above all else. He would give anything to see her live. His own life, and if he must make the choice, even the life of the child. 

"Terregan? I'm sorry, so sorry," Samis choked out the words as she sobbed in pain. The contractions were coming hard and fast now and she knew something wasn't right. It shouldn't be happening so fast. Her truth sense screamed in her mind, returning with a vengeance, warning her of the wrongness. "I can feel it Terregan, something is wrong, terribly wrong. Please help me."

Her pleading tore his heart into shreds as he ran down the corridor, looking for a room where he could bar the door from the inside. Entraitenne had managed to slip out of his coat and flee and Terregan knew the entire palace would soon be searching for them. Desperately his eyes scanned each door until he saw one that would suit his purposes. He swiftly carried Samis inside and laid her gently on the bed where she curled up as much as her distended belly would allow. Not pausing a moment he turned back to the door and threw the bolt then placed a chair that had been sitting nearby under the latch as further assurance.

Samis felt the baby twisting, as if in pain, inside her and groaned in terror. No, it couldn't end this way, not after Terregan had found her. Tears ran freely down her face as another violent contraction began. Samis tried to calm herself, knowing instinctively that her fear wouldn't help, but the pain was so great she couldn't make her body relax. She could hardly breath as it was and could barely keep from passing out because of the lack of air in her lungs. Then she felt Terregan's big rough hands on either side of her face and the peace she needed so badly filled her.

Terregan used a simple spell to calm Samis and take away some of the pain she was feeling. As her brow lifted and her face cleared he knew it had worked as he had hoped. Moving quickly he removed her skirts and tunic then covered her with a soft warm blanket. Terregan cursed their situation. The babe was coming whether he willed it or no and he needed boiled water and clean towels but there was no way to get them now so he would have to do without them. He saw Samis' stomach ripple as another contraction gripped her. There was no more time, the babe was coming.
