  (Warning: If you would feel offended reading an erotic story based on the biblical song of Solomon, please, don't read this story)

* * * * *

Chapter One: Shulamite

(..Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine ..)

Shulamite closed the wooden door. The sun was still high in the sky outside her small room. It was too early for her to return home. She dropped breathless on the ragged mat. She couldn't believe what just happened. She lost her invaluable virginity to the young King. Her inner thighs were still wet with the warm juices that poured out of her forbidden hole.

Shulamite was a Jewish young girl from a poor family of shepherds. She used to live in a small village called Shunem. Three months ago, when she turned eighteen, her older brother took her to Jerusalem to work in the King's palace as a maid. Binyamin, the household keeper, after a long interview, took pity of her and chose a relatively lighter job for her, a keeper of the Royal vineyards. 

She was very beautiful and young. She had a black, curly, long hair. Her eyes were as dark as Jerusalem's nights. Her smooth skin was tanned by the warm sun she used to work under in Shunem. She was thin and short compared to other Jerusalem's girls. Her face was a delight to look at. Her bosom was laden with two heavy watermelons. However, the best thing she had was hidden under a thick bush between her things.

She washed her face with some water from an old kit. A smile brightened her face when she remembered the sweetness of the King's kiss. She had never been kissed before. He covered her small mouth with his, then his tongue brushed against her cherry like lips. She thought her lips were melting under the pressure of his tongue. Then, his tongue slipped inside her mouth and his saliva mixed with hers. Both of them swallowed in the same time, fighting over this mixture of their oral secretions. It tasted like wine when she swallowed down.

She latched the closed door with a wooden bar. Her thoughts about the king were getting her excited. She undid her girdle, allowing the sheer ketonet around her hips to fall down on floor. She stepped out of it and sat down on the mat. Spreading away her legs, she reached down and touched herself. It felt wonderful. Her bush was sticky and wet after the King made love with her. She longed to taste the King's seeds that filled her tight womanhood passage. Maybe there was some still buried inside her deep hole. She spread away her pink pussy lips and inserted carefully her finger between them. She felt a little pain and discomfort, but continued to advance her finger deeper inside her vagina. She almost cried from pain and pleasure when she reached the vault of her tight vagina. It was filled with the King's seeds mixed with her abundant juices. When she pulled out her finger, it was drenched with her juice. She licked her finger not believing what she was doing to herself. It tasted like grapes. She stared at her pussy thinking: "I'm the keeper of the royal vineyard, but my own vineyard I haven't kept." She almost giggled to that thought.

She noticed a little wet patch she made under her on the mat. This was the spot where she slept. She can't dampen it with the sinful juice of lust she was producing. She stood up horrified, and hurried to the wooden kit. Splaaaaash. She poured the kit's content between her thighs. It felt cold but refreshing. She rubbed her pussy with a dry cloth. She closed her eyes and imagined the king in front of her.

"Oh King, touch me again with your royal hands. Lie all the night between my breasts"

She reached up with both hands and squeezed her large breasts. Her areolae were pink like roses. Her nipples were pointy and erect. Her breasts filled her hands and felt firm under them. She felt waves of pleasures running down her spine, making her wetter and hornier. 

Her warm juices started running along her thighs. The room was filled with the unmistakable strong aroma of her pussy. The fragrance filled her nostrils and smelled like the spinkenard plants to her. 

"Oh King, you are sitting now on your table thinking about your kingdom while I'm filling my room with this sinful smell thinking of you."

She felt week on the knees and crouched down on the floor. Her juices ran down her ass crack and filled her virginal asshole. She pushed down her outstretched arm, reaching her puffy cunt and squeezed it between her thighs. Her clitoris was hard and throbbing from pleasure.

"Oh king, ride me like a horse pulling one of Pharaoh's chariots." 

Her body stiffened all of a sudden to explode into violent tremors and shivers. Her pussy was milking its juice. Her breasts were dancing on air. Her butts were arching from behind. Her asshole was sucking for air. When she finished her climax, she dropped exhausted on floor and slept naked all over the night.

To be continued...

* * * * *

 The first chapter of The Song of Solomon as written in Bible:

1:1 THE SONG of songs, which is Solomon's. 
1:2 Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth--for thy love is better than wine. 
1:3 Thine ointments have a goodly fragrance; thy name is as ointment poured forth; therefore do the maidens love thee. 
1:4 Draw me, we will run after thee; the king hath brought me into his chambers; we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will find thy love more fragrant than wine! sincerely do they love thee. 
1:5 'I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon. 
1:6 Look not upon me, that I am swarthy, that the sun hath tanned me; my mother's sons were incensed against me, they made me keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.' 
1:7 Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon; for why should I be as one that veileth herself beside the flocks of thy companions? 
1:8 If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock and feed thy kids, beside the shepherds' tents. 
1:9 I have compared thee, O my love, to a steed in Pharaoh's chariots. 
1:10 Thy cheeks are comely with circlets, thy neck with beads. 
1:11 We will make thee circlets of gold with studs of silver. 
1:12 While the king sat at his table, my spikenard sent forth its fragrance. 
1:13 My beloved is unto me as a bag of myrrh, that lieth betwixt my breasts. 
1:14 My beloved is unto me as a cluster of henna in the vineyards of En-gedi. 
1:15 Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thine eyes are as doves. 
1:16 Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant; also our couch is leafy. 
1:17 The beams of our houses are cedars, and our panels are cypresses.