 "What is a soul without a heart? What is a heart without a life? What is a life without love? These are the things which make up the un-lives of those creatures that walk the night…"

Neganda paced his study as he listened to the voice drone on through the radio. He rolled his eyes once or twice then walked over and flipped off the radio leaving himself in silence once more. Three months now it had been since Catherine had first come into his life and she had changed him in so many ways, he could scarce believe. But, then, he had also changed her. He saw it as the nights went by and yet, held his tongue for fear she would become afraid and leave him alone once more. He walked to the open doorway and peered into the main living area, leaning against the doorframe. He folded his arms across his chest and tilted his head to watch her.

Catherine stood on the other side of the room in front of an easel, painting what appeared to be a self-portrait. Her wings were folded at her back and the tips just barely grazed the floor by her feet. Neganda had learned in those first few nights just how sensitive her wings were and how much it could either hurt her or pleasure her by having them touched. She'd grown attached to him and would not leave the house unless it was at his side. Not that he minded. Everyone said what a pair they made: The Angel and her Vampire Lord. Heaven and Hell. Good and Evil. Light and Dark…Morning and Night.

She worshipped her gods of the morning and he worshipped his goddesses of night. The Sun and the Moon, the lived together in harmony now, never fearing the other.

Catherine felt his eyes on her and smiled softly to herself. She set down the paintbrush and turned to face him, brushing a lock of hair from her face. Having been a slave for so long, living with Neganda had become a learning experience. He let her do and say what she wished and taught her about herself and about those like him. She had nothing to fear from his kind for he was their Lord and Ruler and they followed his commands without question. They saw her as a sort of Empress to their Emperor and she allowed them to think in such a way so long as they were happy. Her relatives, however, were none to happy to find their Angelica inhabiting the nighttimes with a Vampire Lord and time and again had sought the two out in hopes of killing Neganda and reclaiming Catherine once more.

Neganda stood straight and walked over to Catherine, brushing the side of her face with the back of his hand then kissing her softly.

"I was thinking you might like to go out tonight and visit some of the more livelier places in the realm." Catherine nodded slowly.

"I would like that very much, Neganda," she answered quietly. Neganda smiled softly.

"Why don't you go and get dressed and I'll make arrangements for the carriage to be brought around." Catherine smiled and turned, walking into their bedchambers while Neganda walked outside to converse with the stablemaster.

Catherine entered the bedchambers and walked to the wardrobe, opening it and stepping inside, lighting the torches as she did so. She picked out the first outfit she came to, because it was the first outfit Neganda'd had made for her after he'd set her free. It was a midnight blue gown made of silk and the cuffs of the sleeves were made of the finest lace. She walked to the bed and lay the dress down in order to remove the white silk robe she was already wearing. The robe slid down her slender body and pooled on the floor at her feet. Her skin was soft and creamy, her breasts firm and high. She reached down and pulled the gown over her head, letting it slide down across her body. She shivered slightly at the feel of the silk against her naked skin. The dress fit perfectly and molded itself to every curve on her body. Her wings unfurled for a moment then settled against her back once more. She turned to get her shoes and stopped short, a gasp caught in her throat…

Neganda was just coming from the stables when he heard the high-pitched scream and began to run towards the house. He heard the flapping of wings and looked around frantically. Another scream and he looked up to find Catherine being pulled from the house by a male Angel who then took to the sky with Catherine in his arms.

"Catherine!" Neganda screamed loudly. He heard more flapping and felt a sharp pain at the back of his head. As he hit the ground, the world went black.

#

Catherine opened her eyes slowly, trying to give herself time to adjust to the darkness. She pulled at her arms but they barely moved. She pulled at her legs, but the didn't move either. She was chained to a wall in what appeared to be a dungeon. Catherine shivered and dropped her chin against the top of her chest. She heard voices then a door creaking open and the darkness was pierced with light as two figures moved into view, each of them holding a torch to light the darkness. 

"Catherine, daughter of Light, you have been brought to this place to receive the punishment prescribed by law for her traitorous actions against your masters." Catherine raised her head slowly and looked at the two angels before her.

"I am no longer a slave. The man whom I was with bought me from the slave auctions and freed me himself." The angel who had spoken stepped forward.

"I am Renaldi, brother of your former master. The man who bought you has no reach in this realm. With my brother's death, you now become my property." Renaldi reached out and grabbed the gown by both hands and ripped it down the center, exposing Catherine's naked flesh beneath. Goosebumps rose on her skin and her nipples became hard and taut in the coldness of the room. Renaldi brushed the back of his hand over the soft skin at her shoulder. "Did you allow him to use you, Catherine?" Catherine looked up at Renaldi and nodded slowly. "A shame. It will take more than myself to cleanse you of his poison." Catherine shuddered and felt tears spring into her eyes. Renaldi stepped back and nodded to the other angel. The man stepped forward and unfastened Catherine long enough to turn her to face the wall then refastened the chains once more. Renaldi reached onto a nearby table and picked up a leather strap. He snapped it twice in the air and Catherine shuddered each time she heard the sound the strap made. 

"You will be punished now, Catherine, and you will count for me each time the strap marks your back. If you lose count, we shall start over." Before she could answer, Renaldi swung and the strap bit into Catherine's tender skin. She screamed but managed to say, "One". Renaldi reared back and swung again. "Two." Renaldi continued to swing thirteen more times before stopping. Catherine's back was bruised and bloodied. Renaldi dropped the strap then stepped forward, slowly unsnapping his pants and pushing them down to the floor, stepping from them as he moved closer to Catherine.

"Now, my dear, we shall begin purging the poison of the vampire from your body." Renaldi placed his fingers at Catherine's mouth. "Open and wet them, slave." Catherine opened her mouth and sucked his fingers until they were quite wet. He removed his fingers from her mouth. Wrapping one arm around her waist, he lifted her slightly and slowly inserted one finger into her tight asshole. Catherine screamed in pain and Renaldi brought his open hand down on her backside as hard as he could. Again he slid his index finger into her tight little hole up to his first knuckle then shoved the rest of his finger inside of her as hard and as deep as he could. Again, Catherine screamed in pain and squirmed against him, trying to make him stop. Renaldi pulled his finger out then shoved two fingers inside her ass. He pushed them in and out until she stopped screaming. Chuckling under his breath, Renaldi grasped Catherine's hips with his hands and sank his rock hard cock into her lubricated ass. Catherine screamed louder with each thrust. As he thrust into her harder and deeper, Renaldi spanked her with his open hand harder and harder. When Catherine began to feel as if she could take no more of the abuse, Renaldi climaxed, cumming hard inside of her. Catherine sagged against the chains but Renaldi wasn't yet finished with her. He pulled out of her ass, his cock still quite hard. He turned and looked at the angel with him and leered maliciously.

"Take her down and set her on the floor on her hands and knees," he said quietly. The angel did as he was told and Catherine found herself on the hard floor on her hands and knees. She could feel the cum on her legs and ass, still warm and sticky against her skin. Renaldi stood in front of her and put his hand on her head.

"Micali and I are going to continue with you now, my dear. You will pleasure me with your mouth like a good little whore while Micali makes use of your wet cunt. If you don't keep us both pleasured you will suffer greatly." Catherine felt Renaldi grab a handful of her hair and yank her head up just as she could feel Micali kneel behind her, his hands grasping her hips. As Renaldi forced his cock into her mouth, Micali thrust his thick hard cock into her cunt. Again and again they raped her cunt and her mouth on into the long hours of the night. When they finally left her alone on the floor, Catherine looked up at the moon through the window and wept tears intermingled with blood. 

Goddess please…send Neganda to me…I fear I shall die by nightfall tomorrow if I have to sustain anymore of this...