 Author's note: This short story is an experiment in erotica. This is a "hidden" chapter in my non-erotic story titled, "CODENAME: Maverick". The three main characters are Commander Alexander "Maverick" Craig, a special forces operative with the Sarmaxan Highlander Intelligence Agency, Kat Bordeaux, a freelance(mercenary) operative working for the HIA and her partner, Malcolm. Maverick and Kat have just arrived back from a reception for the Capellan Chancellor, Sun-Tzu Liao.

The combination of drink and lewd leers from the men at the reception, have made Kat more than a bit horny and she has every intention to make the most of the feeling. This chapter takes place as they are returning to Kat's hotel room. Malcolm is waiting with news of importance.



25 February, 3063,

00:23 Hours Local

Kat opens the door to her room, sure enough, Malcolm is standing there waiting for her. Alex walks in right behind her.

"Ah, so you did make it back. How was the party for ole 'sunny'?" Malcolm asks as they close the door behind them.

Kat smiles, "About like we expected. A lot of handsome men and gorgeous women trying to be seen with the Chancellor."

"Yeah and I had to miss it." Mal grumbles.

"Don't feel bad, Mal. I was stuck outside with the other drivers while our Miss Bordeaux was working the room." Alex chimes in, throwing a crooked grin Kat's way.

"I told you, you could come in as my escort. You're handsome enough, I'd probably have to fight the other lonely women off with a stick. Now. Malcolm, you had some information for us about Solaris VII?"

"Right. I don't have the names, but apparently two Mechwarriors from stables loyal to both the Federated Commonwealth and the Lyran Alliance, were scheduled to have a bout last night in the Colliseum, in downtown Solaris City. During the match, the high tech shield they have in the Colliseum, failed. Both 'mechs crashed through into the street and continued thier match. Comstar and the local Lyran forces on the planet have declared martial law until the mess can be sorted out."

"Surely, the mess sorted out when one of the mechwarriors triumphed over the other?" Kat asks.

"Not exactly. It became a free-for-all as other 'mech stables got involved. There is even a rumor going around that last years Champion was killed by a former Smoke Jaguar warrior."

Alex looks up from preparing a drink. "Theodore Gross is dead?"

"Thats the rumor."

"Anything else of note from Solaris?" Kat asks.

Malcolm just shrugs, "Nothing as of yet. Comstar has put a lockdown on any and all transmissions coming out of there. There will probably be something more in the morning. And on that note, I'll leave you. Kat, Alex, I'll see you in the morning. Good night." He puts down his drink and walks to the door.

Kat walks over to the door after Malcolm leaves and locks it. She turns to face Maverick who is just finishing his drink, sitting on the arm of the couch. Kat walks over to him. Alex looks into her brown eyes. Slightly asian in her features, except she has dark red hair.

"I've been meaning to tell you, how hot that dress looks on you all night." He says.

She takes the drink from him and sets it on the end table. "Really? You think so?"

Maverick finds himself locked in a stare with her eyes. "Oh yes. I think so." he says as his hands slide around her back and he pulls her into an embrace, thier faces only centimeters apart.

"I have an idea. Instead of just thinking, how about you show me how hot I am."

Alex smiles, "I thought you'd never ask." He then leans in to kiss her, his hands exploring her back and ass. His tongue pushing past her lips to glide over her teeth.

She moans as his hand squeezes her ass cheek. His other hand pulls on the zipper on the back of the dress.

"How the devil, did you ever squeeze into this tight dress without help from Mal?" he asks her when they part for air.

"What makes you think I didn't ask for his help?" she asks, looking into his blue eyes.

"Thats easy. Malcolm is still alive. The old man would've had a heart attack if he helped you into this thing." he said with a smile.

She laughs at the image of poor Malcolm trying to help her into the dress. "You may be right." They kiss again.

Thier kisses become more erotic and passionate, as Maverick removes the dress from her shoulders and lets it slide to the floor. Her breasts come free, bra-less. The nipples are already extended and hard. Alex leans in taking the right nipple between his lips. She gasps as his warm mouth sucks her sensitive nipple in. Her hands go to the back of his head, pulling him harder into her chest.

Alex's right hand is pulling on the left nipple, twisting it to keep it hard. His left hand slides the dress over her hips. It falls to the floor and she kicks it away. While he was busy with her dress and tits, she began to undress him as well. She removes his tie and jacket. Both end up on the couch. She then unbuttons his shirt and unbuckles his belt. Her fingers deftly plunge into his open fly and grasp his enlargening cock. Its now Maverick's turn to moan as she begins to stroke him through his boxers.

"If you don't slow down a bit, we'll have a nice mess to explain to the cleaning staff." Alex says as his right hand slides down her sides to between her legs. His fingers brush over her hairless pussy. His eyes open when he realizes she is not only bra-less, but sans panties as well. "Well, my, my. Ain't you being a naughty girl tonight?"

"I've wanted you since we picked you up at the spaceport. My pussy was so wet when you got in my limo, I thought for sure you would have smelled it."

Maverick smiled back at the memory of his first day on Sian. He had in fact smelled her excitement when he got into the limo's back seat. It took all of his willpower not to rape her right there on the spot. No one would've noticed, the windows were tinted. Even the privacy screen between the front and back seats was tinted, so it was unlikely that Malcolm would have been the wiser.

The familiar scent of an excited woman reaches his nostrils and his mouth begins to water. I have to taste her. Plunge my tongue deep into her smoothly shaved cunt. Flick her hard, sensitive clit and then slide my hard cock deep into her and fuck her till she cums and cums. Make it so she won't be able to walk til morning light streams through the curtins.

Maverick rolls her over the couch arm and lays her down. He continues to kiss his way down to her belly. Her navel receives several deep probes of his tongue, before he moves on lower. His mouth hovers over her open lips, the clit engorged and sticking out from its hood. He blows on it. Her hands clench as she tries to pull him to her exposed and very wet pussy. When he finally touches his tongue to her clit, her ass rises up off the couch.

Alex doesn't give her a chance to settle down. He sucks her clit between his lips and flicks it with his tongue. Kat begins bucking under the erotic onslaught. Alex slides two fingers deep into her dripping opening. He crooks the two fingers to rub her G-spot. Kat begins to moan louder as her climax reaches its peak. Alex then slides the fingers from her pussy and drops them down to her ass. He only uses one to rim her ass hole with her juices, then presses it against the resisting muscle. To his surprise, it slips in easily. The finger begins to move in and out like a small cock. With his mouth still locked on her clit and his finger fucking her ass for all its worth, she cums with a scream and a flood of her juices gush from her swollen pussy.

He pulls his head back from her spasming sex, her cum dripping from his goatee and mustache. His finger still pumping her ass. She just seems to keep gushing, as her orgasm begins to calm down. "You know, you could've warned a fellow that you was a squirter." he says, laughing.

She pauses before she answers. "It don't happen often. Just when I'm really horny or its been a really, really long time."

"So,which is it?"

"Mmmm, try both."

"As hot as you are, you're telling me that you haven't had sex in, how long?"

Kat studies his cum soaked face and just wants to lick those juices from his features. "About two years. I've been "taking matters into my own hands", for about two years now."

The surprise on Maverick's face is worth the admission of her self-imposed celibacy. She looks at him and can no longer hold back. She begins kissing him, licking up every drop from his face. She then pushes him away to stand up. "Remove the rest of these." she orders him, indicating his clothes.

Maverick undresses in record time. His clothes mixed in with Kat's on the floor. She then has him sit down on the couch and spreads his legs wide. His cock standing hard and proud. The pre-cum glistening from the head. She licks her lips and descends on it. She takes the head between her lips and sucks the pre-cum from the tip. Her tongue swirling around the head. Alex groans as his hands tangle themselves in her hair. She begins to rise and fall on his cock. Her finger playing at his perineum and gently squeezing his full balls.

Alex reels from the sensation of her lips riding up and down his hard cock. He hasn't ever had a blowjob like this. This woman was a pro. A grade-A cocksucker. He was about to see if she was an A+ cocksucker or not.

Alex tensing up was all the warning she received, not that she cared or needed warning as his balls unloaded deep down her throat. His hot cum pumped down her slender neck as he emptied himself. His eyes were closed and he was breathing like he just ran a ten K run on a heavy gravity world. 

"A+." he whispered, trying to catch his breath.

"How long have you been saving that one, Commander?" she asked with a wicked grin on her face. Some of his cum dribbled from the corner of her mouth. She took her finger and scooped it back into her mouth.

"About three or four days, I can't recall right off hand." he chuckles. "Three days."

She nods, "I see. You take matters into your own hands as well?"

"Of course. Show me someone who says they don't and I'll show you a liar." they both break out in laughter.

"True enough." she said.

"What do you say to continuing this conversation in the hot tub?" he asks.

They both get up from the couch and proceed to the central feature of the large bathroom. A unusually large hot tub. 

"Mien Gott!" Maverick exclaims in German, "You could fit a dozen people in this thing!"

"Big enough for ten, plus me." she says, qouting a rock song from the 21st. Century.

Alex just chuckles. "I love that song, actually. I didn't realize that there was anyone else in this day and age who knew it. You continue to surprise me, Kat."

"Give a girl a chance. I've got a few more surprises for you, Commander. How about you get in first?"

Alex just nods and steps into the steaming water. Then she suddenly turns the tub on. Unbeknownst to him, he had sat down with a jet nozzle right between his legs. The stream of water blasting against his testicles and his stiffening shaft. Then Kat sits down between his spread legs. The jet stream of water striking her still throbbing and exposed clit. She lays her head back against his shoulder as his hands circle around her and once again begin pinching her nipples.

"Alex, you keep that up and I'll be able to etch glass with them." He doesn't say a word, just smiles and leans forward to kiss her shapely neck. She moans as his tongue begins travelling up and down her neck. Her eyes close and she just leans back to enjoy the sensations.

He finally pauses to ask a question that has been on his mind for the last few minutes. "Tell me, Kat. How long has it been since you last took matters into your own hands?"

She raises her head to look at the clock on the wall. "About two nights ago. Why?"

"Well, from here on out, I think its safe to say that you will no longer have to spend anymore lonely nights, unless of course, you'd rather do it on your own."

She begins to answer , but pauses as his hands slide down between her thighs. The combination of the various stimuli, from the stream of bubbles from the underwater nozzle, to his hands gently rubbing her swollen pussy lips, to his kisses on her neck bring her to another shattering orgasm. Even in the warm water he can feel the tempeture change from her pussy flowing into the water. Her hands clamp onto his thighs as she cums. She holds on for almost half a minute.

"Where did you learn to affect a woman like that?" She asks, after her tremors subside enough for her to speak coherently.

Maverick chuckles again, then says, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

She turns to look him in his blue eyes. Finally he relents. "When I was training in espionage and counter-intelligence, we were actually trained in different sexual techniques, designed to make a woman or man more pliable. I just concentrated on how to please a woman. The female operatives were trained on men. Its nice to know, I still remember my training." He laughs.

"I wished I went through the same training course you did. That was incredible."

"Well, we aims to please."

"Well, for what I want to do next, its a good thing we are in the water." That said, she raises her ass just a bit and places Alex's hard cock at her tight rear opening. She slowly lowers herself down onto his his cock and then lets gravity take over. Impaling herself on his throbbing member. Her eyes tightly closed as she adjusts herself to accomadate him in her tight ass.

Alex closes his eyes as well. The feeling is outstanding and soon she is hopping up and down on his anal invader, grunting with each drop into his lap. Even after just cumming a few minutes earlier, the snug confines of her ass hole are bringing him to the brink once again! After a few minutes, his balls begin to fill and the cum begins to speed its way into her ass.

As this is happening, Kat has brought herself to the edge, with her finger on her clit. "My God, Alex! I don't think I can hold it back any longer. I'm cumming!!!!!!!!" She screams as her orgasm rips through her. Alex too can't hold back any longer either and he fires his load deep into her rectum.

Her Kegal muscles, continue to milk him until he slips out of her, completely spent and flacid. She rises up off of him, turns around to face him and sits back down on his limp dick. "Did they cover anal sex in this class you went through?" she asks before leaning in to kiss him.

"Yeah, I got a badge in that part of the course. But, what I really got high marks in was oral." he says between kisses.

"Oh yes. I remember."

Maverick smiles as he too remembers the tongue lashing he gave her about fourty minutes earlier. "You know, as much as I hate to do this, I guess I really should be thinking about heading to my own room and bed. We got a big day tomorrow."

"I was thinking about that," she says with a wicked gleam in her eyes, "one, its already tomorrow, two you will just be back over here first thing in the morning and three, I have a very large bed."

"Malcolm will be here in the morning too. What would he say? He is your "body"guard after all."

"Mal is not my keeper. I don't report to him, he reports to me. Besides, its none of his business who I sleep with or don't sleep with."

Alex kisses her again, this time deeply and passionately. "Since you put it that way, how can I refuse? I'll just go next door and get some clothes for in the morning."



EPILOGUE:Well that was the experiment. Please read and give me your input, constructive comments welcome, both positive and negative, positive will be more well recieved than the negative, of course. Lol. Please tell me what part(s) you enjoyed. I love to hear about what turns you on, after all, I wrote this for you.