 "Here's a special gift that I wanted to give you in private." Jordan handed his wife, Caroline, a brightly wrapped gift, "I don't think that it would have been wise to open it in front of the kids."

"Oh?" Caroline had just gotten the boys into bed, not an easy task on Christmas Day. "What could it be?"

"Go ahead & open it, you'll find out. " He sat down on the edge of their bed, grinning like a fool, "I think you'll like it. I know I do."

"My dearest, you shouldn't have." She examined the gift, noticing that it had to be done by someone other than Jordan. He was never very adept at wrapping gifts; "God gave me you & the boys. I have more than enough."

"Sweet Caroline, I'm truly a blessed individual to have such a selfless & wonderful wife & mother." He chuckled with a lustiness so unlike him, "It a gift for both of us."

"Oh? What could it be?' She eyed her husband suspiciously, "More cookware?"

"Kind of," he smiled mischievously, "Just for a different type of cooking." This causes Caroline to raise her eyebrow at him, causing him to laugh some more, "Go on & open it."

Caroline carefully opened the package, trying not to tear the beautiful paper. She intended to reuse the paper & ribbon for another time. She was taught to be conscientious person. The Bible told her that being wasteful was sinful. She tried to live her life, as God would want her to. Reusing the paper was one her ways. She slid the box open & began to blush.

Inside was antique red satin & black lace lingerie. It was a complete set with matching panties, garter belt & silk stockings. She gently ran her hands over the beautiful sexy garment. It was so wild, so alluring & suggestive. She was certain it would look great on her, accenting all of her womanly assets. She had always wanted to have such a risqué undergarment instead of her usual plain white ones.

Then Caroline pulled her hands back. It was sinful to even think about wearing such an article of clothing. A good Christian woman must never involve her in a shameful act of seduction, even if it was she own husband. Sex was something that only pleasurable for men. It was an outlet for the stress that would build up in them & to produce children to carry on their names. Women weren't allowed to enjoy the act of lovemaking; only whores & harlots would enjoy such a filth thing.

"W-W-What is this?" Tears filled her eyes, "Do you wish me to become a …?"

"Oh, No!" Jordan jumped to his feet, pulling her close to him, "I've seen that you had admired such things. I thought that you might like something … so sexy… to wear once in awhile. I never thought that I would have offended you. I'm so terrible sorry."

"I'm not offended." She spoke into his strong chest; "I'm just so confused about it."

"I know & understand your concern." He kissed her forehead, "But I talked to Rev. Hitchcock about this. He told me that he had researched in one of his journals, that it couldn't be wrong to enjoy passion with one's spouse. If it was so wrong, why did he make it so pleasurable?"

"Well, I guess so"

"You do enjoy making love with me, don't you?" 

"Yes, you know I do," Caroline sniffed loudly, "But isn't…?"

"Wrong? No", Jordan interrupted her, "because we love each other & since we're married, it can't be wrong."

Jordan kissed her long & passionately. She truly enjoyed kissing her husband. She felt dizzy from his tender loving embrace. Her heart pounded like a snare drum, at times, she feared that the sheer excitement would cause her to burst. Her loins ached to his weight atop of her. Inside of her, filling her up.

Caroline pushed him away & spoke in a breathy voice, "If you give me a few minutes, I'll go change in this gift of ours. I'll model it for you & we'll see what happens."

"I would like that."

They quickly kissed. Caroline scooped up the gift & her robe, heading for the bathroom to change into the lingerie. She closed the door behind. 

In the dark, Caroline took a moment to compose her. She usually didn't submit to anything she thought was the remotest sinful or naughty. But when she had touched the lingerie, she felt compelled to try it on. A desire to see how it would look in the risqué garment. She rubbed her hands over the garment again & again. She felt a strange warm by doing so. Before she knew it, she had disrobed, leaving her clothing on the floor, & stood nude, lightly rubbing the lingerie. 

Caroline switched on the light. She glanced at her nakedness in the full-length mirror. She had always felt a little bit embarrassed about looking at her body. She didn't felt comfortable doing so. At 29, she still looked great. Her breasts were shapelier after two pregnancies. Jordan loved to kiss & fondle them more. He claimed that there was more to love. She kind of enjoyed the extra attention they received, she just didn't think that it was right to feel any pleasure from that. 

Her hand glided over her abdomen. It was firm, not as firm as she wished, but she was exercising regularly to make her body more attractive for her husband. She didn't want to look like some of the other wives at church. Some of them were huge. No, that wasn't for her. She saw the silvery lines & telltale fleshy apron of her pregnancies. Caroline had tried many things, from toning creams to strict diets & exercise, to rid her of those embarrassing marks, but nothing work. Her buttocks were rounder, but she considered this an improvement from the flat wasteland of her teenage years. She just prayed that it wouldn't get any larger.

Enough looking at herself, she silently chided. She was taking too long to change into the lingerie. No doubt Jordan was waiting for her, lying between the sheets in his pale blue pajamas with his thingie making a tent out of the sheets, wanting to cuddle & more.

Sex was never that great for her. Once in awhile, she would start to feel something building inside of her, but Jordan would then grunt & exhale deeply, signaling he was done. 

He would roll over & be asleep within a few minutes. Caroline would lay there, frustrated.

In the darkness, she would wish for more. But it was her wifely duty to willingly to submit 

to his needs, not hers. 

Caroline lifted the red & black chemise in front of her. Surprisingly, she was certain that it would fit & look great on her, accenting the good things about her body, & covering up the bad. She laid down the garment on the counter. She pulled back her naturally curly hair into a bun, tying it with a red silk ribbon. Jordan could easily reach up & pull it out, letting her long hair to flow down. This though excited her; she quickly slipped into the alluring lingerie.

At once, Caroline felt a mysterious sensation overcome her. It was a warm & tingling feeling. Something like a heating pad had been place over her entire body. A heat that radiated past passed her skin into the essence of her soul. It sparked a desire in her that she had never felt before. She felt like a completely different person. Thoughts which she would have normally never entertained or acted upon, came to her freely. She eagerly craved to try some of those nasty acts upon Jordan.

Carol glanced once more into the mirror. She marveled at how sexy she appeared. So completely different than she did in those boring flannel nightgowns she wore every night. No longer the plain & ordinary, but so vital & sexually appealing. She was certain that Jordan was going to just love this new change in her. She switched off the light & opened the door, sliding out as smooth as silk she was wearing.

Jordan was already in bed. He was wearing his usual pale blue pajamas; he had seven pairs of them, one each night of the week. He had a novel resting on his chest & eyeglasses on his nose. He was snoring softly. Carol silently cursed herself. She had taken too long to change. Now he had fallen asleep. Desire burned inside of her, hot & fierce. It was a new & wonderful experience in her. She wasn't supposed to awaken him unless it was an emergency.

Abroad smile appeared upon her face. Well, wasn't it an emergency that she wanted no needed, him to cool this fire that burn inside of her? The only thing that could extinguish this blaze was the explosive passion that is contained in him. A thought occurred to her just how to awaken him.

Carol walked over to the bed. She gently lifted the glasses & book from him, careful not to wake him. She set them upon the nightstand & switched off the lamp. Darkness enveloped them. She let her eyes adjust to the dark before she continued her plan. She slowed her rapid breathing she was experiencing, she didn't want to pass out before the fun began.

Carol pulled back the sheets. Her hands gingerly untied the drawstrings of the pajamas. It took a minute for her to loosen the garment, exposing him to her. She was glad that Jordan didn't like the feel of underpants during the night. He complained that they cut & bind into him while he left. It was the first time that she happy that he did. She would have surely wakened him if she had to deal with cotton briefs. She knelt before him, 

as if she was about to pray, but praying wasn't what she intended to happen. Her mouth

watered in eagerness what she was about to do. 

Then, as if someone had dropped a blanket over her, it all went black.

* * * * *

Caroline awoke with a start. Her head throbbed painfully. It seemed as if someone had decided to play the anvil chorus inside of her head. She shut her eyes because the dim morning light seems to blaze right into her skull. 

"Are you okay?" Jordan whispered into her ear, "You were moaning again."

"Just a headache."

"I am not surprised after the way you acted last night" His breath blew across her neck, "You attacked me with such sheer … ah … abandon. I never knew that you could be so passionate. It was incredible."

"Oh?" Caroline was curious. She had no memory of last night after going into the bathroom, "Did you like it?"

"Goodness, yes!" he pressed his nude body against her. She could feel the heat radiating from a certain part of his body. "Could you do some more of it?"

Caroline glance over at the alarm clock. It was 5:30. Thirty minutes before Jordan had to get ready for work. Occasionally, Jordan liked to make love in the morning. It usually lasted about five minutes & he was off to the shower. 

"What did you like the most?" Caroline asked, probing for some hint of what she did last night.

"MMMM, I would have to say it was all very different & exciting. Each of the four times we made love."

"Four times?" She was shocked. During their honeymoon did they make love more than once a night? "What did I do to keep you going?'

"Well you said you had a great way of pumping me up. You did what only discuss before, but never tried. You did a great job at it."

"You don't mean," Caroline swallowed hard. She remembered those talks, "oral?"

"OH, yeah." He pressed his manhood closer to her, "It was better than I could have imagined. If I didn't know better, I would be worried that you been practicing with someone else. You were so good at it."

"I was?" She felt sicken at the thought of doing such a nasty act.

"Yes, you were. Don't you remember?"

"Ah, sure" trying to hide the fact that she was repulsed what he was asking her to do & had done last night.

"Could you do it again?" he tenderly kissed her neck, "Please."

"Oh," She turned toward him. He had laid back, ready for her to start, "I'll try my best."

* * * * *

Caroline wept openly. She knew that Jordan was disappointed with her. She had  tried to recreate the excitement that happened last night, but she failed. After a few minutes of awkwardly attempting the act, Jordan sighed in frustration. He told her that her gagging made him lost the moment. He got up & headed for the shower. It hurt her deeply that she wasn't able to do, as he wanted. It was just so vile. He made water out of there. Her mouth wasn't supposed to be there. 

Caroline slipped off the bed. Her legs were shaky & weak from so much activity last night. She hadn't been this bad since their wedding night. She truly wished that she could remember what had happened last night. From the feel of her abdomen & legs, she must have had that elusive thing that was only whispered among the women at church, a female orgasm. The sad part about it was that if she did, she had no memory of it.

She found her flannel nightgown & got it on. She headed downstairs to make breakfast for Jordan & the boys. She prepared hotcakes & sausage for them. Before long,  her sons were downstairs with smiling faces. Jordan only picked at his food, just sipped at his coffee. He seemed to be sulking. At times, she couldn't sure who was worse, him or the boys.

When it came time for Jordan to leave, he only lightly kissed her forehead. He reminded her that Howard was due back in this evening. Make sure that his room was clean & ready for him. Caroline nodded. She wanted to tell him that they could try again tonight, but he left her, grabbing his lunchbox & headed toward his puck-up truck. 

Later, Caroline cried in the shower, not wanting to let the boys see her cry. They wouldn't understand, nor did see want them to. One day Daddy would sit them down & explain the facts of life to them, not till then. She resolved to keep herself busy around the house, so she wouldn't think about the nagging thoughts that plagued her. Why could she remember any of it? 

* * * * *

Caroline had sent the boys, Tom & Kevin, outside to play in the chilly sun. They loved to play with dogs. They would play until they were nearly frozen or lunchtime, whichever came first. This would give her time to clean the house without them pestering her. Right now, she didn't want them bothering her. Her mind & nerves frazzled.

After lunch, the boys usually laid down for a nap. Caroline thought that today she would do the same. But her mind couldn't rest. So she decided to straighten up her bedroom. It was then that she spotted the discarded lingerie. It was lying on Jordan's side of the bed, apparently thrown there in the heat of last night's passionate encounter. Why could she remember it?

Caroline gingerly picked up the garments, expected it to be soiled with perspiration & other bodily fluids. But it was dry & smelled of fresh cut roses, as it had when she  originally lifted it out the box. She guessed that the garment hadn't been on for long. She folds the sexy lingerie & place them back in the box. She stored the item in her sweater drawer, hoping to use the garment again soon. Maybe she'll remember it.


Out of the corner of her eye, Caroline noticed that the red satin panties were still on the floor. She was certain that she had picked them up with the other items. She knelt to the floor to pick it up. As her hand touched the panties, that warm tingly sensation came over her again. She suddenly had the urge to slip off her cotton undies & slipping into the 

satin one. What would it hurt to just slip them on for a few seconds? She looked around to be sure that the boys couldn't see her. She closed the door. She didn't want to be interrupted.

Behind the closed door, Caroline lifted the hem of her cotton housedress up above her hips. She slipped out of her white panties, dropping them to the floor. She stepped into the gloriously sensuous panties, pulling tight against her womanhood. 

All at once, Carol felt the cool fabric warm against her skin. A smile spread across her face. Too bad Jordan wasn't here now, she thought. He won't be leaving unsatisfied. She was sure that she could drain him dry. She giggled as she lifted off her housedress, tossing it across the room. She felt so hot at the moment. She peeled off her remaining clothing except her the red panties. The cool air felt sinfully good on her warm flesh. 

Carol swirled around in circles until she fell upon the bed. She giggled uncontrollably. She felt giddy from the incredible sensations she was experiencing. 

Her hands lightly caressed her body, stopping at the union of her legs. A wickedly delightful thought occurred to her. If Jordan wasn't here to take care of her needs. Why couldn't she do it herself? She giggled again. Why not indeed? It was her body. Didn't she have the right to take care of her needs, her wild desires? She answered her questions by slipping her right hand under the waistband of her panties, probing to find the tender flesh it was covering.

Caroline suddenly bolted up from the bed. Her heart pounded fiercely. She pulled off those vile panties, tossing them across the room. She shook in repulsion of those nasty thoughts of masturbation that had entered her mind. They were vulgar & sinful. She grabbed her robe to cover her self. She felt so cold. She shivered violently from the chill that seemed to dwell in her very soul. For a brief second she thought that this chill would go away if she would only put back on those red panties. 

Caroline fell to her knees. She began to pray feverishly for God to give her strength to fight off these horrible demons that were attacking her moral character. She would have kept praying if Tom hadn't touched her shoulder, jarring her from her trance-like state. She had been praying for almost two hours. 

* * * * *

Caroline tried to keep busy with every possible chore she could find to keep her mind off these horrible items upstairs. She continued to chant prayers to keep her mind filled & busy. A busy mind is a happy one, an idle mind is the Devil's toy, Rev. Hitchcock had once said in a sermon.

But it wasn't enough. 

On four separate occasions, Caroline found herself searching for where she had thrown those panties in her room. When she did find them, she was compelled to put them 

On again. But Tom had interrupted her by pounding on the door wanting a cookie. Praise God that the child did. She wasn't sure what she would have done if not for the knocking on the door.

Instead, Caroline gathered the lingerie & gave it to the boy to hide somewhere in the house. They weren't supposed to tell her where they had hidden it. She explained that it was a game that they were playing. The boys scampered off, giggling, to play this neat game. Once the box was out of sight, Caroline felt much better & back in control.

* * * * *

At 4:30 p.m., Jordan called her to tell her that the company wanted him to make an urgent run into Portland. He wouldn't be home until later tomorrow. He reminded her that Howard was going to be back by 6:00. Be sure that his room was ready. Caroline told it was already done. Jordan grunted & hung up without saying he loved her. He must still be upset with her. This saddens her.

Caroline thought about Howard, their boarder. He was Jordan's friend & co-worker. They had met at Marine Boot Camp before shipping out to Vietnam back in June of 1967. They promised to cover each other's backs. This promise was what saved Jordan's life.

It was a nameless village that the NVA & Vietcong & Americans had fought numerous firefights over. The village was all but destroyed. It was the spot that sealed the two men's fate. During a firefight, a grenade exploded close to Jordan, showering him with shrapnel. Howard realized that his unit was vastly outnumbered, so he calls for a helicopter evac. But until help arrived, it was up to Howard to lay down enough fire. Picking up a pair of .50 caliber machine guns with 50mm grenade launchers, the seasoned marine held back the enemy until the copters arrived & the wounded were loaded. Howard was hit eleven times as he did. 

Jordan owes his life to Howard. Jordan felt a strong loyalty to his friend & felt indebted. They were both sent home because of their injuries. Jordan, being an orphan, followed his friend to his hometown of Modesto, a farming town in the heart of California. They both found jobs at a trucking company at the Port of Stockton. 
