 Amber arrived back to an empty room with a note on the tallboy letting her know that Hannah went out and not to wait up, so Amber decided to have a look at the pledge pack she was given as she left. Opening the bag there was a pamphlet telling about the history of Beta Sigma Psi, a badge with the Sorority's letters on it and a note with instructions telling Amber that she is to appear promptly at 8 pm Sunday night at the house for the start of Pledge week and to only pack a few change of clothes as something to wear would be provided. After reading it over Amber then decided to go to sleep as it was very late. Meanwhile Hannah was walking across campus in a brisk pace towards Beta Sigma Psi, knocking on the door loudly, the door was answered by Gwen, "President Gwen, I was summoned."

"Yes, I sent for you, I have some task for you to complete." 

"Of course President, what would you like me to do?"

"I would like you to give these to Amber on Sunday throughout the day before she leaves to come here." Gwen then handed Hannah a small bottle with a few small pills inside. "These should make her nice and lucid by the time she arrives, ok."

"Understood President Gwen." Replied Hannah. Leaving Hannah decided not to return to the dorm and instead went to one of her girlfriends instead knocking on the door Jenna answered, at 5"4' with long black hair she was the same height as Hannah's neck and was dressed in nothing but a long shirt just in case Hannah came for a fuck. "Hey babe lose the shirt and get on the bed like a good bitch." Shivering, Jenna quickly shucked off the top and bounced on to the bed, feeling her pussy getting wet as she watched Hannah take off her pants, she noticed that Hannah's cock was only half hard, so she reached over and gave it a few shakes before stuffing it in her mouth.

"What a good bitch I have, knowing exactly what I want without me even telling her." Gwen said grabbing Jenna's hair she then pushed Jenna down as her 10 inch cock thickened until it was as hard as steel. Hannah then pushed Jenna away she then shoved Jenna's legs open and noticing that her cunt was very wet she pushed her meat stick in to the hilt. She quickly started pistoning in and out while Jenna started orgasming as well. For the next hour Jenna was hammered through orgasm after orgasm while Hannah was getting closer and closer to the edge. Then announcing her own orgasm Hannah pushed to the entrance of Jenna's womb and unleashed a torrent of semen into Jenna which quickly filled her up and started to expand her stomach till she looked 6 months pregnant with triplets. Moving out from between Jenna's thighs a deluge of cum followed in Hannah's wake. "Thanks babe, I needed that, see you later." Hannah said as she put her pants back on and left.

When Amber woke up the next morning she noticed that Hannah was in sleeping in her bed. Getting up, Amber stretched and walked into the bathroom they shared with their next door neighbour. After coming back Amber decided to go for a shower before anyone else woke up. Gathering her stuff for the shower she had her back to Hannah and didn't notice that Hannah had opened one of her eyes and was watching her shake her tight little butt as she hummed to herself. Closing her eye quickly when Amber started to turn. Hannah heard the door open then close she then got up herself and went to the bathroom herself. Knowing she had sometime before amber got back from the shower, she went and brought Amber's favourite coffee and one for herself then getting back with just enough time, she quickly crushed and sprinkled one of the pills to Amber's drink. Amber arrived back to her room to the smell of a caramel coffee, dressed in nothing but a towel that left nothing to the imagination, breathing it in she quickly looked over and noticed Hannah taking a drink from her own cup before pointing over to Amber's desk where her coffee cup was waiting for her.

"Thank you Hannah I needed one of these" Amber said picking the Styrofoam cup up and taking a drink. She then grabbed a change of clothes she went to the bathroom to get dressed, as she put her panties on she noticed she was a little aroused, she then put her bra on and felt her nipples hardened underneath not sure what to make of this sudden spike in arousal she put on a blue spaghetti top and a short shite skirt. Coming out she picked her drink back up and continued drinking. Throughout the day she noticed her arousal was getting higher and higher, Amber distracted herself by going on a walk around the campus with Hannah, never making the connection between her sudden horniness and the drinks that Hannah kept buying them.

At 6 they went and got dinner from a place nearby to eat they ordered food and drinks, while Amber headed to the bathroom while they waited Hannah gave put the last pill in Amber's drink. Coming back just before the food arrived Amber took a quick drag of her drink through the straw provided, noticing a strange taste to the drink, asked Hannah if she thought her drink tasted strange. Hannah replied that she didn't so Amber decided she was getting a new drink taking her glass back to the counter and ordering a new drink. Coming back she noticed that Hannah had a unhappy look on her face for a moment before her face changed to a happy smile instead. Deciding not to question her Amber took a bite of her dinner smiling at Hannah. After their dinner they headed back to the dorm room to get Amber ready to leave to go to BSP. Grabbing a small bag they went through Amber's things and chose some skirts and spaghetti tops along with her plainest looking underwear, Amber also grabbed her toiletries and put them in her bag and then picking it up, she left to go to BSP. After Amber left Hannah sent Gwen a text telling her that Amber didn't get the last dose of the pills but that she should be still pretty primed anyway. Minutes later Amber knocked on the door to BSP, the girl from the other night, who Amber learned was named Tamara, answered the door again. "Hi Amber, you're the first one here, pop your bag down next to the door and head into the living room."

"Thanks." Replied Amber as she walked in, dropping her bag, she took a good proper look of the house as she walked. The foyer and hallway were painted white with pictures from past alumni and events. To the left was the stairs to the upper floors with a door to a basement, Amber noticed curiously that it had a lock on it. Walking into the living room, the walls were painted a sky blue colour. The furniture consisted of 2 leather three seaters with some single seaters around the room, there was a wooden table sitting on a black carpet. Sitting down Amber only had to wait a few minutes before the over girls started pouring in. A dark skinned girl sat next to her, offering her hand Amber said "Hi I'm Amber, nice to meet you." The girl took her hand, replying "Hi I'm Janelle; I can't wait to get started can you? I hope they don't make us do anything to embarrassing."

"Neither do I." Said Amber. They continued to talk for a few minutes while the living room filled up. When the President and Vice President showed up they stopped talking to look at her. Gwen cleared her throat and announced "Pledges, thank you for arriving promptly, tonight is the first night you shall sleep in the house, Vice President Sarah shall show you to the rooms you will be sleeping in tonight. You can take your bags into the room but tomorrow we will have things for you to wear in the closet. You will need to be your best for tomorrow so off to bed." Amber got up and began to follow after Sarah and the other pledges, noticing some of the sisters were looking at the others with predatory looks, but playing it off as they were looking forward to the things that they were going to make them do. Sarah stopped to allow the pledges to collect their bags then going up the stairs to the next floor she took them to several doors close to each other she split the girls into three groups and directed them into the bedrooms telling them were the bathroom on the floor is and bidding them goodnight, she left. When Sarah closed the door the girls quickly changed into night wear and jumped into bed and turning off the light they went to sleep.

End of Chapter 2.