 Hello my first time posting a story so please be kind. All characters are above the age of 18.

*****

Amber stood in front of the Sorority house Beta Sigma Psi, which she hopes to pledge, not because she wanted to stay there but because she was hoping to confirm and write about the rumours that surround the house. See the 5'0 blonde was a journalism major and wanted to join the college's newspaper. There were several rumour about BSP going around the college but the most prevalent and the one that drew the A cup freshmen to the house was that the House was for Futa and that any normal girl joined she became one of the numerous futas slut and was forced to dropout due to embarrassment. Amber steeled herself and walked up the steps to the door and with a shaking hand knocked thrice, the sound seeming to echo through the door. The following seconds seemed to last for hours Amber was wondering if there was anyone in, when the door opened.

What was on the other side had Amber feeling even more inferior then she normally does. There stood the tallest, bustiest, hottest red-head that Amber had ever seen. Standing at least a foot and a half taller than Amber, Gwen thought she had the tightest, most delicious body she had seen since she started college, she had to shake her head to clear the lustful thoughts she had., she asked "Can I help you?"

"Yes I was wondering when you were having Pledge Night?" Amber asked in a whisper.

Gwen had to take a few deep breathes to help clam herself down before she forced the blonde down on her knees, Gwen then hid her body behind the door so as to hide the large bulge in her pants. "We are having Pledge Night tonight actually. Are you planning on coming?"

"Yes I am. Thank you for telling me." Amber replied turning around and walking away.

Closing the door in a rushed manner Gwen then quickly rushed up stairs to the top floor where her room as the president of the sorority was, she ripped off her now to tight pants and took hold of the 16' of cock from between her legs and began to stroke the piece of meat, first spitting on her hands and starting slow she got faster as she went. As with most futa her testicles were hidden inside her body. All Gwen could think of as she masturbated was of the little cutie she saw at the door. As she sped up her thoughts got more perverse, first it was the girl sucking on her cock, then it became fucking in the pussy, then in the ass. As she went along Gwen could feel her cock getting even bigger as the urge to cum got bigger. Gwen managed to grab a bin and pointing her cock down she unleashed 4 massive loads into the bin before her legs gave up on her and she fell to her knees and finished her load on the carpet. After she got her breathing under control she got up and pressing the button on the intercom she said "I need someone to clean my carpet and empty my bin, right now."

"Yes President Gwen." Came the answer from the intercom. Moments later came a knock at the door.

"Come in." Said Gwen opening the door. In entered one of the houses second years, Teresa, wearing only a baby doll top and no panties so her cock was swinging out in the open, she had in her right hand a lead that lead to a girl walking on all fours, naked but for a blindfold over her eyes, a jewel encrusted collar around her neck and a tail butt plug up her arse.

"Teresa, release the slut so she can clean up," Gwen said.

"At once President Gwen." Teresa replied. Teresa then lent down and while kissing the girl she unsnapped the leash and removed the blindfold. She then ordered the kneeling girl to clean up the mess. Crawling over to where the cum was the girl then bent down and began to lick it up. While watching as the girl does her job Gwen got hard again and was imagining the girl from the door doing it instead.

As this was going on Amber happily skipped to her dorm room that she shared with her roommate Hannah, it was Hannah who had first informed Amber about the rumours about Beta Sigma Psi in the first place. As Amber went along she thought about what she should wear knowing she didn't have much in the way of nice clothes she decided that she should let Hannah take her on a shopping trip that Hannah has been trying to get her to go on.

After arriving back at her room she found Hannah sit on the couch watching something on the television. The 5'7" brunette was wearing a dress that went down to her knees.

"Hey Hannah you know how you having been trying go shopping with you. It turns out I need some help finding something for tonight. I'm going to pledge at Beta Sigma Psi."

"Really?" Hannah replied "You are going to pledge there after the stories I've told you?"

"Yes, I'm going see if they are true and hopefully I can write a story exposing it and get on the newspaper staff."

10 minutes later...

Amber and Hannah arrived at the local shopping mall, with Hannah leading Amber straight into the first upscale clothing store she saw. After searching for a while Hannah suddenly yelled out "Amber get over here."

Rushing over Amber took a look over what Hannah had in her hand. It was a red version of little black dress. Without getting a proper look at the clothing Hannah turned Amber around and pushed her into the changing room, telling her to quickly try it on and come out. Undressing Amber then put the dress on, she then stepped out of the dressing room, the dress looked like it was poured on to her body showing every curve on her body. Hannah took one looked and said "That looks perfect on you and I think I have found the perfect heels for you."

Reaching down Hannah grabbed a pair of 3 inch red heels and handed them to Amber. While putting them on Amber thankfully missed the tell-tale bulge in Hannah's pants. After getting the heels on Amber managed to wobble her way over to the mirror to look herself over. The dress showed every curve she didn't have while the heels did wonders for both her legs and butt. Once she changed back into her regular clothes she took them over to the counter, when Amber was informed that they had been already paid for. They then went back to their dorm room where they spent time watching TV, Amber walking with the heels on and making Amber up. Then at 6:25 Amber left and started walking over to Beta Sigma Psi house. While walking over Amber noticed lots of other girls watching her, it made her feel like a piece of meat. This feeling persisted all the way to Beta Sigma Psi. When Amber knocked on the door this time a different girl answered the door.

"Here for Pledge Night?" Asked the girl. "Yes I am" Answered Amber.

"Great all I need is your name for the name tag" "It's Amber".

"Great, here you go. Just head through to the lounge on the right" Said the girl handing Amber a name tag with her name written on it. Walking through Amber noticed many beautiful ladies, some were wearing some revealing dresses, some wearing what looked less so. When she arrived at to the lounge she saw that there were many girls that had name tags. She noticed a waitress walk by with glasses of drink on a plate walk by and grabbed one as she walked by. Taking a drink she once again looked around and noticed that there were lots of girls looking at her, thankfully it didn't last long as three girls walked in, one in the centre being the women that Amber talked to earlier that day, they walked over to the centre of the room and announced "Welcome potential sisters to Pledge Night at Beta Sigma Psi, I'm house President Gwen and this is Vice-president Sarah and Treasurer Bridgette." Pointing to the Blonde on her left and the Brunette on the right.

"I hope you enjoy the night and don't forget to talk to each of the sisters and to get your pledge pack on your way out"

As the night progressed Amber noticed that Gwen was keeping pace with her so that she stayed within earshot of Amber the whole time until Amber could no longer put it off and walked up to Gwen and began to talk to her.

"Hi President Gwen, I wanted to ask you about the rumours that have been spread about the house?"

"Hi Amber, well as much as I would like to talk about those rumours, I can't talk about house business with you unless you get through pledge week next week. Good luck though."

With that Gwen then turned to everyone else and clapping to get everyone's attention she announces that it was 1 o'clock and that it was time for the pledges to head home and to remind them to pick up their pledge packs.

As she left Amber felt eyes boring into her back and when she turned around she noticed it was once again Gwen looking at her with a strange look on her face. Amber gave her a tentative wave as she turned back around and continued walking away.

The house Treasurer Bridgette then turned to look at Gwen and commented "Wow you weren't wrong about her Gwen she is smoking hot. When do you plan on fucking her?"

Gwen turned to Bridgett "After pledge week, pass it around to all the others she is not to be told until after. I think she is a reporter trying to get s scoop"

Bridgette replies "Of course President Gwen. What do you want us to do about that?"

"Nothing yet, but keep an eye on her until Monday then we will see what she will do"

End of Chapter 1