 My first story! All characters are over 18. This story contains heavy alternative themes, notably furry and futa, with even more to come. If that is not your thing, don't read it!

Otherwise, enjoy! 

*****

Chapter 1: The Book

I walked into my apartment, giggling to myself, and made my way into the living room, unsurprised but smiling nonetheless to see my gorgeous girlfriend, Sarah, sitting on the couch, wearing a plan white tank top and black yoga pant. "Hey babe!" I bounce over to her and collapse on the sofa next to her, putting an arm around her. She immediately snuggled up to me, ready to relax together after a long day.

Let me describe us quickly. I'm Natalie. I'm a little over 21, and come in at around 5'7". A slightly chubby youth had led to a love of working out in my college years, leave me fit and curvy in all the right places, with a flat stomach, pert ass and a beautiful set of 36D tits. After a series of dyes, I settled on an electric blue for my hair, which I upkeep frequently, and matches my bright blue eyes. 

My girlfriend, Sarah, was a couple years younger than me. We met my senior year in college, and managed to stay together after I graduated. Though her cute face left no doubt she was the younger of the two of us, she was a little taller than me, at 5'9", with long brown hair that grew down to her lower back, and startling green eyes. She had naturally tan skin, owing to her Philippine heritage, and perky 32C breasts.

Our relationship sprang from our mutually devious minds, and a similarity in our tastes, which veered to the kinky more often than not. What started as a dom/sub relationship blossomed when we discovered our mutual loves of... weirder things, including futa, tentacles, and monster girls. Our nights of roleplaying and rough sex would often spring from watching or reading such alternative porn online, often ending in me dominating her with a large strap on, although we occasionally swapped roles. 

Back to today. As I cuddled up against her, I reached into my bag, pulling out a large leather bound book. "So check it out babe... look what I found at the book store today." Embossed on the cover of the book, in highly stylized letters, is the title "Spell Book or Erotic Transformations." I giggled at the stupefied look on Sarah's face.

"Big deal, you found a silly book." Despite her dismissive words, she eagerly grabbed it from me and started flipping through the pages.

I stuck my tongue out at her. "Stop being boring. Cmon, I thought it was cool! It's all the stuff in that porn you got me into!" She offered me a short baleful look at the long running joke, in which we blamed each other for our odd tastes. I pointed at several spells as she flipped. "See? There's one to make a girl a futa, or to blend her with an animal, or to control breast size, and like a thousand other things! That's not even getting into some of the mental fuckery in there!"

After a few minutes, she offered the book back to me with a sigh. "It's not like it matters. All that stuff... it's not real. No matter how cool the spell book is."

I can barely restrain my grin as I take the book from her. "What if I told you... the book is real. It works."

She laughed and playfully hit me. "Shut up Nat, I'm trying to be sad!"

I made intense eye contact, no smile on my face anymore. "No Sarah. I'm for real. I uh..." I blush a little. "I kinda tried the futa spell..."

My girlfriend arched an eyebrow. "Oh yeah?" She reached her hand down and I let out a small moan as she curved it into my pussy area. "Everything seems normal down here!"

I roll my eyes. "I tried another spell. It undoes any effect from the book."

Sarah rolled away from me. "Whateverrrr, crazy person."

"Okay you know what?" I opened the book and read through the odd syllables of a spell, and purposefully grind my groin against Sarah tight ass, making sure she feels as the cock grows out in my pants.

The irritation in Sarah's eyes quickly passed into surprise, then shock. She quickly hopped up. "Oh haha, you got the strap on. Good one Nat."

I rolled my eyes a final time and stood. "Okay seriously? You're ridiculous." Without further preamble, I drop my jeans, revealing a thick, uncut, 8 inch cock. "Get it now dumbass?" I ask with a smirk.

She just stared at me for a long moment, hey eyes flicking between my cock, my eyes, and the book. "I... you have... a cock!"

"Yep."

"A real cock!"

"Mhmm."

"From a magic book!"

"Exactly!"

"That has the spells for basically everything in it!"

"Yes."

Sarah just fell to the floor, and sat there for a full minute. The she looked up at me, the smile that made me fall for her on her face. "We're gonna have some fun aren't we?"

A very similar smile came to my face. "Yep."

Chapter 2: Experimenting

We quickly made our way to the bedroom, kissing and stripping each other. Before long, we were both primed and ready to go, my new cock hard as a diamond. Before long, we were laying down on the bed, flipping through the large book together.

"So where do you wanna start babe?" Sarah asked me with a grin.

"Hmm... well I think I want to make me calling you 'pet' a little more proper!" I said with a grin, finding a new spell and pointing to it.

"Mmmm... 'spell of anthropomorphism'... So it's a furry spell?" 

"Basically. I can choose any animal I want and just..." I read off the spell, substituting in my goal where the book specified. As soon as I was done, Sarah let out a small yelp and rolled away from me on the bed, letting out short little moans. I simply watched the transformation with a grin.

The fur came in first, short grey and sprouting all over her body. Hey body tightened up, shrinking until she was slightly shorter than me, perfectly taut in all the right places. She let out another rlittle moan as the fur reach her beautiful tits, which pulled themselves up, defying gravities pull on them. Her nipples darkened to black and puckered a little bit as her hair faded to a similar shade of grey, but more lustrous, almost silver. It pushed aside on either side of her head as her ears vanished a cut elittle cat ears poked up from the top of her head.

Sarah's back arched with pleasure as a tail grew out above her ass, and the rest of her body finished its more minor changed. Finally, she collapsed to the bed, panting. Where just a few minutes ago had sat my 19 year old girlfriend, there was now a petite, tight, grey cat girl, panting as if she was recovering from orgasm. Which, considering her moans during the transformation, she might've been. She looked over at me with half lidded eyes, a lazy grin on her face. "That... was fucking amazing." 

I giggle. "I noticed!" I let out a little moan as my new cat-girlfriend promptly shifted herself, putting her furry face at level with my cock, nuzzling it lightly. 

"Natalie, I'm surprised! I expected you to go much bigger than this!" Sarah teased me as she slowly licked the head of my cock.

Between moans at the new feelings, I managed to flip the book to another spell I had seen earlier. "Spell of growth," the book read, "enlarges the target body part, in the most erotic way possible." Hmmm... that's interesting. I managed to struggle through the odd words of the spells between moans provoked by Sarah's attentions, gesturing at my cock. 

Sarah let out a little mewl of surprise as my cock began growing, stopping at nine inches, with proportional thickness. With wide eyes, she resumed, licking harder and sucking at my head. I grinned as I read off the spell again, deciding to experiment with its abilities. This time, my tongue grew out, but not proportionately. Instead, it simply lengthened to 7 inches. "Now this could be fun..." With another spell, I gestured at Sarah.

A small shiver ran through her furry body as she looked at me curiously. "Wha-what was that? It felt... Amaaaaazing." Another shiver ran through her.

"Oh, you'll see!" Without any further conversation, I grabbed her furry behind and pulled her on top of me, putting my face right between her legs. I always wanted to 69 with her! I quickly went to work on her soaked pussy, biting her lips lightly and flicking her clit before my lengthened tongue began prodding against her entrance. At the same time, she went to work on my engorged cock, now sucking on the head and trying to work her way down the shaft slowly.

I let out a long moan at the feeling of her mouth on my new member, unfamiliar with the new feelings. The vibrations of my moan went right into Sarah's pussy, making her moan onto my cock and increasing my pleasure and moans even more, creating the most wonderful cycle of pleasure, one which I broke suddenly when my long tongue began pushing into her soaked cunt. 

Sarah let out a near scream, pulling off of my cock to catch her breath as I really got into it, using my long tongue to tickle every part of her cunt, stopping occasionally to flick against her g-spot. With one hand, I reached up and pushed down on her furry head. Taking the hint, the moaning girl lowered her head and went wild, trying to inhale as much of my cock as she could. As my big cock bumped against her throat, Sarah realized what my last spell had done - it made her throat as sensitive as her pussy.

These extra feelings only turned her on more, and she continued trying to deepthroat me, causing her to moan even more. With a near scream, the cat girl finally managed to pop my head into her throat and start really going all out, even as my tongue reached all the way into her pussy. She was effectively being pig roasted on my cock and tongue, and she was loving every second of it. I moved faster with my tongue, trying to drink as much of her pussy juice as possible, a difficult act considering the amount currently flowing from her as her orgasms came one after another.

At long last, I felt a new sensation in my cock, a tightness, as my cock hardened even more and began pulsing as a massive load began to work its way up my length. I stopped my ministrations on Sarah's pussy, no longer able to focus through the feelings of my first male orgasm. I began moaning louder and louder as Sarah, feeling what was coming, impaled her throat on my cock, taking my entire length down her furry throat. With a scream, I felt the load reach the end of my cock and shoot straight into Sarah's stomach, jet after jet quickly following, my cock nearly exploding with pressure. 

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK YESSSSSS!" I screamed at the new sensation, and above me, Sarah's pussy spasmed again, covering my face in more juices as my orgasm in her magically enhanced throat trigged another form her.

Finally, seeming drunk on my cum, Sarah slid of my cock and back onto the bed, promptly passing out from the number of orgasms she went through, a small, satisfied smile on her kitten-like face.