 It was spring in the Jade Empire, on the third month of the year, when the peach trees would blossom. A lone monk, holding a stout wooden staff, his shaved head covered by a wide-brimmed hat that granted a measure of protection against the light but incessant rain, made long, confident strides over the muddy country road. 

The monk's name was Fuyun, and he was returning to the Wuzen Temple after completing his mission: to hunt down a man who had murdered an entire village, a deed so bloody that it shocked even the Martial World, and bring him to justice. Fuyun's master was clear, there could be no mercy for the perpetrator of this evil act.

Finding the murderer was easy, the man was the leader of a notorious outlaw gang. Fuyun tracked him to his lair and stalked the outlaws for thirteen days. He struck from the shadows, slaying without leaving a trace. The terrified outlaws began to desert, first in trickles then in droves, until Fuyun's quarry had only a few loyal bodyguards remaining. A terrific battle ensued, with Fuyun emerging victorious. Justice had been served, and the dead were avenged.

The task done, Fuyun hurriedly began the journey home. The Great Martial Tournament, an event held only once every five years, was fast approaching. 

As Fuyun climbed over a hill, he saw in the distance down the road a group of people engaged in battle. The distance was too great to make out details, but it seemed that there were at least six fighting against two. Fuyun frowned as he watched the scene. Six against two was unfair odds, but he was hesitant to intervene in a fight that did not concern him, at least, not without even knowing the cause. Nevertheless, there was always the possibility that innocent travelers were being set upon by brigands. With this thought, Fuyun hurried his strides. 

As he approached the battle, he saw that the fight had reached a natural lull. Six men, clad in black and yellow and brandishing steel sabres, had surrounded two women. The women, barely older than girls, were standing back to back, their raven black hair in disarray and their rain-soaked clothes torn in several places. One of them was holding her sword in her left hand, as her right arm hung limply at her side. 

Fuyun stopped twenty paces away from the combatants. Unlike an inexperienced would-be adventurer, Fuyun knew that could be as dangerous as men, and that appearances were often deceptive. Without knowing the cause of the battle, Fuyun was reluctant to intervene. 

One of the girls, for Fuyun decided that they really were no more than girls, saw him approach. Her eyes widened in recognition of a Wuzen monk. Hope flashed across her comely features, fading quickly as she realized Fuyun was not about to intervene. 

With a roar in unison, the men in black resumed their attack. The two girls met their charge with grim determination. The sound of metal striking metal echoed, as the two swords danced among the sabres. A few moments later, one of the men screamed out in pain, quickly followed by a cry from one of the girls, and the fighters separated again. 

Only five men stood this time. The one who had screamed was lying face up on the ground, a still swaying sword sticking out of his chest. The older of the girls, the one who had see Fuyun approach, was now unarmed, and a fresh bloody gash tore her left sleeve. 

Fuyun had seen enough. Whatever this battle was about, he could notrisk letting two innocent girls die while he stood idly by. Even if the girls were somehow evil, he did not want to see more bloodshed when he can stop it. 

"Halt!" Fuyun cried out. 

One of the men, the oldest of them and their apparent leader, glanced at Fuyun. He gave a little start as he recognized a Wuzen monk. 

"This matter does not concern the Wuzen!" The leader said, as he focused his attention back on the girls. "Do not interfere in something you know nothing about!" 

"Mercy of Nuwa," replied Fuyun. "What evils have these two young girls committed, that six grown men would wish to kill them so fervently?" 

"These bitches are vile assassins." The leader answered. "We are simply bringing them to justice." 

"Don't listen to them!" One of the girls, the younger one, cried out. "These men ambushed my sister and I. They want to take us to their master to serve as concubines!" 

Fuyun's eyes narrowed. "Is this true?" He asked the leader of the black-clad men. 

Just then, a sharp whistle screeched from the distance. Upon hearing it, the black-clad leader grinned. "No reason we can't have some fun, especially considering the pain they've been." 

"Do you think that I will allow you to do that?" Fuyun's voice took on a dangerous edge. 

"You? Probably not." The leader replied. "You Wuzen losers are always so eager to meddle in what you shouldn't, but I don't think you can stop us." 

As if on cue, a dozen black and yellow clad men appeared at the end of the road. 

"You overestimate your abilities..." Fuyun's words barely trailed off before he moved, fast as lightning. He took off his hat and sent it spinning toward one of the men in black, catching him in the throat. The man went down with a strangled yelp. Even before his body had hit the ground, Fuyun had covered the twenty paces that separate him from the men in black, his ironwood staff whistling through the air, arcing toward their leader. 

The leader brought up his sabre just in time to parry the blow, but the force of the impact sent him reeling, his sabre flying out of his grasp. Fuyun spun in the opposite direction, making use of the force of the staff's rebound, and swept his staff across the midsection of a third man in black. That man could not bring up his sabre in time, and crumpled around the staff, the air knocked out of his lungs. Fuyun followed up with a sharp kick, knocking him over and out cold. 

Fuyun heard a feminine cry, and before he could stop her, the younger girl had thrust her sword through the disarmed leader's chest. The older girl picked up her sword and attacked the two remaining men. The men, seeing three of their numbers taken out in an eye blink, turned to flee toward their comrades in the distance. The two girls looked at each other and simultaneous reached into their clothes. 

"Wait!" Fuyun called out, but it was too late. The girls swung their arms and two darts flew out, striking the fleeing men. Both collapsed in mid stride with a cry of pain, and moved no more. 

"Quickly, we must go!" Fuyun said after a silent sigh. "Their friends will be upon us in a moment!" 

"My sister is hurt!" The younger girl exclaimed. "Can't you defeat them for us?" 

Fuyun frowned. "I could not have defeated the three of them so easily without the element of surprise. I would not wish to fight a dozen of them head-on." 

"Don't worry about us, xiao-shifu." The older girl spoke up, for the first time. Her voice was as sweet as a fresh mountain spring. Xiao-shifu, an honorific title for young monks. "Thank you for your assistance. You must go now, those men will not chase after you." 

"But jiejie! You are wounded!" The younger girl cried. 

"Hush, meimei. We cannot drag this xiao-shifu into our own troubles." 

For a moment, Fuyun was mesmerized by the older girl's voice. With a start, he came back to himself and scowled. 

"Don't be ridiculous," He said gruffly. "If I didn't want trouble, I wouldn't be here." He pulled a yellow sash from a man's clothes and handed it to the younger girl. "Bandage your sister's wounds quickly, and make your way to those woods over there. Stay there, I will come and find you." 

"What will you do?" The older girl asked. 

"I'm going to buy you some time. Now bandage your wound and get going!" Fuyun bent down to retrieve his hat. Without a further word, he charged toward the men in black. 

His charge took them by surprise, and his sweeping staff scattered their ranks. They tried to surround him, but Fuyun was moving too fast, his staff a spinning whirlwind. Two men who tried to get close got their sabres knocked out of their hands, and one of them collapsed in a heap as he was struck on the temple. 

With one of their numbers down, the others became more cautious. They swung their sabres defensively and slowly widened their distance as they moved to form a circle around Fuyun. Once they surround him, it would be difficult for Fuyun to escape. Seeing this, Fuyun made a feint and leaped out of melee. As soon as he landed on his feet, he ran. Not toward the woods he had directed the girls to head toward, but away from the road into the muddy grass fields. 

He turned his head in time to see the men split into two groups. Half of them came after him, while the others ran after the girls. Fuyun kept running, but deliberately slowing his pace so that the men chasing him could keep up. When the two groups were sufficiently far apart, Fuyun suddenly veered and ran toward the group chasing after the girls. At his full speed, those men in black had no hope of catching or escaping him. He crashed into the second group from behind, setting upon them like a tiger upon sheep. His staff knocking one man unconscious as a circle kick knocked two others to the ground. The remaining men in black cautiously backed away from him, obviously waiting for the arrival of their comrades. 

It was enough. The girls must be in the woods by now. With a laugh, Fuyun shadow-stepped out of sight. 

* * * 

It wasn't difficult to find the girls. They were obviously unused to moving through woods, for they left a clear trail of crushed leaves and sheared branches, and the occasional piece of torn clothing. 

The look of relief when the girls saw him was evident. 

"Did you kill them all?" The younger girl asked upon seeing him. 

"No, I didn't kill anyone, Nuwa have mercy," Fuyun said. "But you have nothing to worry about, at least for now. I left two of them unconscious, and the rest won't be so eager to follow me, especially not into woods where their numbers won't give them any advantage. Still, we'd better get going. There's no telling how many more of them are in the area." 

"My sister is still hurt. We need to find some place to rest!" The younger girl said. 

The older girl opened her mouth to protest, but Fuyun spoke before she could. "Let me take a look, I might be able to help." 

Without waiting for either girl's reply, he knelt down beside the older sister and picked up her arm. 

The girl's worst wounds seemed to be a long gash on her left arm and a deep cut on her right shoulder. The cut on the right shoulder was by far the more serious wound. 

In addition to martial arts and Zen philosophy, Wuzen training included healing and warding magic. Though he knew only the most rudimentary levels of Cleansing, it was enough for Fuyun to stabilize the girl's bleeding and clean the wounds so that infection won't set in. Though the wounds improved little, at least they would heal cleanly. 

While Fuyun worked, the three of them made introductions. The two girls were sisters. The older girl's name was Ziyi, and the younger one was called Meiya. Though they were only two years apart, Ziyi seemed every bit the older sister, and Meiya seemed to relish her role as the younger sister. 

When Ziyi's wounds have been Cleansed and bandaged anew, the three set out deeper into the forest. After only a few minutes, Ziyi's steps began to falter. 

"She's lost too much blood, she needs rest." Fuyun told Meiya. "Here, I'll carry her." 

Fashioning a sling from his monk robe, Fuyun hoisted Ziyi onto his back despite her protests. With Ziyi thus secured, the three of them resumed their journey. 

They walked in silence at first, Fuyun lost in concentration as he carefully picked his way through the undergrowth. Suddenly, Meiya giggled. 

"What's so funny?" Asked Ziyi. 

"I just remembered," Meiya said. "Aren't monks supposed to be forbidden from touching women?" 

On hearing that, Ziyi started giggling too. Fuyun hoped that his blush wasn't visible. 

"We Wuzen monks are supposed to help those in need, and that's exactly what I'm doing right now." Fuyun tried to make his voice sound gruff. "Do you want to carry your sister instead?" 

"Oh no," Meiya laughed. "She's way too heavy for me!" 

Upon hearing that, Ziyi pretended to be angry and tried to strike Meiya, who lithely dodged out of the way and began running circles around Fuyun and Ziyi. The two girls giggled and played around until Ziyi leaned too far and almost fell off. Fuyun caught her just in time, but Ziyi had hurt her arm in the process. Seeing this, Meiya began to apologize profusely, until Fuyun silenced her with a growl. 

"Be quiet! Do you want to bring our hunters to us?" 

Meiya stuck out her tongue and remained silent. 

Fuyun, however, could not concentrate as clearly now. He became all too aware of how sweet Ziyi's breath felt against the back of his neck, how soft her hair felt, falling in waves upon his shoulder, how warm her flesh felt, pressed against his bare back... 

"Grace of Nuwa, by Thy Mercy, grant me the strength to resist earthly temptations, that I may open my eyes to Enlightenment..." Fuyun prayed under his breath, hoping that the familiar mantra could drive those improper thoughts from his mind. Unfortunately, the more he tried not to think about how good the girl's body felt, he more aware of it he became. Fuyun hoped that the heat he felt on his face wasn't readily apparent. 

Hoping to take his own mind off Ziyi's soft body pressed against him, Fuyun asked, "So do you know what clan those guys are from?" 

There was the slightest hint of hesitation before Ziyi answered, "They told us they were from the Black Mountain Gang." 

"A common outlaw gang?" Fuyun shook his head in disbelief. "Those men were skilled fighters. No outlaw gang I know of has this many good fighters, and if they did, they wouldn't remain unknown for long." 

"Well, it's not as if you know every outlaw gang in the world!" Meiya said. 

"Perhaps not, but I'd like to think of myself as fairly knowledgeable in this matter. Furthermore, these guys fought with the same style. This suggests a school, perhaps even a clan, and not just an outlaw gang." 

"Then it must be as you say, Fuyun dag'e. You are much more knowledgeable and experienced in the world than my sister and I." Ziyi said. 

dag'e -- big brother -- a friendly, sometimes intimate title conferred to a slightly older male. Had he not been a monk, this appellation would've been appropriate. As it was, however, especially considering the way Ziyi was resting on his back, as if she had no strength left in her entire body, the title took on an all too intimate feeling. 

Fuyun cleared his throat and kept silent, unable to think of anything to say. Unable to think of anything other than that soft body pressing against his back. They walked in silence for a time, Fuyun daring not to stop to rest. Ziyi soon fell asleep on his back. 

They reached a small river as the sun began to set. By now, Meiya was stumbling from exhaustion, and even Fuyun was feeling weary. 

"We'll stop here for the night." Fuyun announced. He woke up Ziyi and gently deposited her against a tree. 

"You two rest." Fuyun said to the girls. "I'll set up the camp." 

The girls were too tired to do anything other than nod. Fuyun soon had a fire going, and seeing the two girls fast asleep, he sat down by the fire and ate his provisions in silence. 

In the light if the fire, his eyes could not help but wander back again and again to the two girls sleeping, huddled against each other. Ziyi looked to be about 20, while Meiya looked to be about 18, and both of them were heart-achingly beautiful. 

Never before had Fuyun felt the constraint off his vows. He was born a poor farmer's son, but barely remembered his parents. War had come to his village when he was still very young. He became separated from his family while they were fleeing the fighting. His master had found him and brought him back to the Wuzen Temple. For 20 years, the Temple was the only home he knew. Life there was simple and peaceful. Even during his many excursions at the behest of his master, he had seldom dealt with women, and never with a girl that had set his heart racing. 

Though he knew he was smitten with Ziyi, he could not help but notice how equally pretty Meiya was. While Ziyi had a gentle grace, Meiya possessed an exuberant innocence. He thought that he could not decide which one he desired more. In fact, his heart Todd him that what he really wanted was the both of them. 

With a start, Fuyun realized what he was thinking. Here he was, a monk of the Wuzen Temple, sworn before Nuwa to remain pure in body and spirit, sworn before his master to uphold justice and righteousness, and all he could think about was how soft Ziyi and Meiya's bodies would feel in his arms, how smooth and silky their skin would feel under his hands. Thoughts obscene, impure, and forbidden by everything he was taught! 

Fuyun shook his head and tried reciting prayers and mantra to drive these thoughts from his mind. He tried to meditate, but could not clear his mind. Finally, exhausted as much by the day's events as buy his inner struggle, Fuyun fell asleep, and dreamed... 

* * * 

It was twilight, and he was waking in the woods. He heard the sound of a river and suddenly felt thirsty, so he made his way in its direction. As he emerged from the undergrowth, he heard echoes of sweet girlish laughter. 

Ziyi and Meiya were frolicking in the river... and their clothes were scattered along the riverbank. Abruptly, their laughter stilled, as they noticed Fuyun's presence. Both girls turned toward him. Ziyi smiled shyly, while a wicked grin bloom on Meiya's face. Taking her older sister's hand, Meiya began walking toward Fuyun, dragging a somewhat reluctant Meiya behind her. 

As the girls emerged from the water, Fuyun saw that they were both completely naked. Ziyi had a soft and curvaceous body, just as he imagined. Her breasts were full and round, with large pink aureoles, her hips and thighs perfectly shaped, as if sculpted from an artist's fantasy. Meiya was lithe and athletic, but just as feminine. Her breasts were smaller, her hips narrower, but just as round in all the right places. Fuyun felt his throat dry as the girls walked up to him. 

They snuggled into his arms, one on each side. Their bodies were softer than Fuyun could ever have imagined. Ziyi rose on tiptoes to kiss him on the lips. The sensation was so strange and wonderful at the same time. His hands moved of their own accord, avidly exploring every inch of their bodies. He was barely aware of Meiya tugging at his sash and pulling down his trousers. 

Fuyun was pulled out of his intoxicated daze by a sudden wet warmth between his legs. The feeling was so alien and yet so pleasurable that his entire body shook. Fuyun broke from Ziyi's kiss and looked down. Meiya was kneeling in front of him, her lips wrapped around his raging erection, her head bopping up and down the length of his shaft. Fuyun had never seen anything so erotic in his life, and gasped out loud as he felt his knees buckle. Ziyi reached behind his head and pulled his gaping mouth down onto her soft breast. Instinctively, Fuyun closed his mouth around Ziyi's nipple and began sucking on her tits as eagerly as Meiya was sucking on his cock. 

After a while, Ziyi pushed herself away from Fuyun and said, "Meimei, you've hogged Fuyun dag'e long enough. It's my turn now." 

With obvious reluctance, Meiya let go of Fuyun's cock and leaned aside. Ziyi knelt down with a marvelous grace, took his now massive erection in her small, delicate hands, and placed it between her deep cleavage. She squeezed her full, round tits together and began moving up and down the length of his shaft. Seeing this, Meiya moved under Fuyun, and began licking his balls. 
