 The Silver Haired Man took the hand of his exquisite and very tall companion as they advanced to the first cell. The metal wall shimmered to allow them to see in, the occupants unaware of the voyeurs.

It was a wide sterile room of an unknown white material. On the opposite side of the room, a tall, well muscled bald man of perhaps 30 stood with his hands to his hips. He had a red goatee, his skin was covered in tattoos including a large one of a cross stretched across half of his chest. 

There were two women with him, each no more than 5'1. One was perhaps 20, maybe Brazilian, with smooth light brown skin with a thick ass and hips. Her perky B cups were topped with impossibly large dark saucers surrounding her large erect nipples. She squatted on her heels before him, slowly working his meaty, nine inch erect cock into her moist mouth. 

Her saliva coated his thick member, even reaching his balls below, and the petite youth stretched her soft red mouth as wide as she could manage. She pulled back her thick brown curls with one delicate hand to allow him to watch her work his cock. Her plump wide backside jiggling in time with er head bobbing at the large dick. 

Behind him, an athletic blonde was on all fours, her tongue buried inside his muscular ass, fluffy billowing D cups swaying as she worked her tongue past his rim. She moaned with faked gusto as she slowly circled his most sensitive spot with her extended tongue. 

Both women were obviously tired from long effort and covered in sweat. Finally the tattooed man raised a hand to stop and roughly pushed them away.

As the women knelt on the floor, looking at him with pained expressions. He simply barked roughly, "Forget it; I just don't feel it tonight. Fuck, just like every other fucking day."

Unseen, in the hallway, the tall observer smiled to her companion, as she silently recorded this turn of events.

*********

James cracked the knuckles on his hands as he stared at the 6'4", bald, goateed thug sitting across from him. The bald thug looked tough, but James was quite fearsome himself. He had seen this man many times before in the Challenge Room. 

Each week they dragged James and his girls from his cell to face some challenger. Sometimes they were new, but most often he had seen them before. Every week the same ritual. He and lost track of how long he had been in this strange cycle. A year? Five years?

The bald man had two fine looking bitches sitting obediently behind him, naked except for their leather collars, one brownish olive skinned, one a bleached blonde trailer tramp with beach balls for tits.

They looked great, and he grew hard thinking about taking them. 

But James was pretty happy with his two women. Both were hot and willing: one a lithe blonde, the other a heavily pierced Goth-like brunette. 

Neither was completely adjusted on his overly long and thick dick, even now. Ten inches was just too much, they complained. The way they begged not to get fucked just made him want them even more. 

James measured the other man again; James was as tall, and looked as strong. Only their style differed. James's hair was a striking green, its long punk spikes jutting in every direction. He had an "Anarchy" tattoo of a Red A surrounded by a poorly drawn circle on his neck, to match the myriad symbols down his back.

As he stared at the women across from him lustily, the tall bald man sitting across from him repeated his statement.

"It's been almost an hour. You know the fucking rules, I gave you the challenge. Yes or no, you fucking pussy? " 

Then the bald man repeated, "You afraid of I'll kick your ass?" Then he stared at James with a scowl. "Or maybe you more afraid I won't win?" 

James sat rigid, sweat pouring from his face to the white metal below. His veins on his head bulged slightly.

Finally the green spiked warrior mouth curved in controlled anger. "No. Fuck it. Fuck you too. It's not worth it. I decline. Just get me and my bitches back to our cell." 

The Tall Silent Woman watched through the wall intently, her hand letting go of the Silver Haired Man's, in disappointment. This was another non-event in a seemingly endless series of non-events. In many of the weekly confrontations there was not even a challenge. Most challenges were immediately declined. But they were so close this time, she could sense the boredom and need for action building in both the Humans. She also knew that their need to assert superiority was building, to move a little further, slowly but clearly once you knew how the Human male worked.

Then. 

The Punk Haired man stopped just before he reached the now opened door. "You asshole. I will fuck you up. I accept. I am going to be fucking all sorts of strange pussy tonight."

***

The two young college students shivered in the hallway, each trying to cover his meager penis with his hands. Each was average in height, somewhat slight of build, a little thin and obviously terrified, as they were led to a forming window, growing organically from the strange metal itself as if unseen hands working soft clay.

They looked on horror as two athletic looking black men grappled viciously in a large white metal arena. Behind them two women were chained to on the back wall, standing on their tip toes, their arms stretched upward by their silver manacles.

Both were short, perhaps 21. Each was cheering one of the two combatants. One of the girls was Caucasian, with freckles covering both her face and her ample bosom. She thrashed in her chains, the cold silver metal glinting as she struggled to get free to help her man. She was topless, with a thick green spandex collar and a green bikini thong. The students noticed she was cheering the wrestler in tight green shorts. 

The other woman was a slender, very dark-skinned African American. Her soft C cups jutted confidently from her taut frame. She wore a blue collar and a tiny blue bikini bottom. She was not thrashing about, but leaning forward shouting intense encouragement to the other fighter, clad only in blue pants.

The men were obviously battered, and one's eye was almost swollen shut, blood trickling down his brow.

One of the two pale students exclaimed "Why have you brought us here? We will never fight like that for you! Are you crazy?"

The Silver Haired Man smiled.

"Oh, I think you may eventually. You are exactly evenly matched, from your weight, to your lack of prior fighting experience, to your four inch penis." 

His companion motioned toward them. The man continued. "Hmm. Only two inches now. Let's see if we can get them to four inches."

And he took them to the next cell, a clear window smoothly forming.

Their host threw his arm widely: "Should you win, you will grow stronger, much stronger and taller. And even your penis, it will grow several inches upon victory."

And he led them closer to the now formed window. "And there are other spoils besides that to consider."

And they looked in as a nearly seven foot bald man stood in the middle of the large room. The man was covered in tattoos, had a thick scarlet goatee, and a large cross across his chest.

He held his massive rock hard cock in one meaty hand, at least a foot long, as he approached a table in the on the far side of the giant white cell.

Two women were on each side of the white metal table, holding down a pale, strange haired woman.

One of the college students asked in a small voice "But, what does the loser get?"

And the Silver Haired man just smiled as he moved down the hall, leaving the two students to watch.

The newly abducted students just watched as the giant rammed his arm-sized penis into the quivering pussy of the woman on the table, as a small-breasted wide-hipped Brazilian woman stood up to straddle her face. As the woman lowered her wide brown ass and dripping pussy, she mashed the laying girl's bright green spikes and stunning face between her large smooth thighs, until only a tattoo of a Circled A remained.