 "Your Highness!" The handmaid was calling to Annabel.

Anna groaned and opened her eyes slightly. It was still dark outside. Why was Helga calling to her at this hour? A pair of hands shook her shoulders. Anna sat up.

"I'm awake Helga," she sighed. "What do you need?"

"Princess! The battle is upon us! We must get you and Princess Trish to safety."

Oh Gods... Anna shot up out of her bed. She located her silk night robe and threw it on. The halls were chaos; solders running to the entrance of the castle in a last attempt of survival, servants' helping one another out of the various rooms in the castle, and Anna's father was stalking through the calls calling out commands. There was a pang in her heart. The people of Tisgopa would die with honor today.

Helga was now being tugged away by her husband, another servant in the castle.

"Stay safe, your Highness." And then they were both gone, lost in the sea of people. Forever.

Anna wiped a stray tear from her eye and ran through the halls. People moved out of her way in respect. That made it easier to get to her younger sister's bed chambers. Anna stormed into Trish's rooms, "Trish!" She called her name several times before a tiny whimper caught her attention.

"Trish," Anna's voice was more quiet and hesitant now. "I-is that you?"

"Annabel?"

"Trish!" Anna raced across the room to where her younger sister was. "Are you harmed?" She was frantically checking her body for signs of damage.

"I'm quite alright. Where's father?"

There was that pang again, this time it was a pang of doom. The fact that her kingdom and her father were both doomed. She looked at Trish. Yes, they were doomed also. She hadn't heard much of what her father was commanding, but Anna had the feeling that it was probably to evacuate the castle through one of the underground tunnels. But with a mass evacuation, two princesses wouldn't get out unnoticed. They would have to hide, but where?

"Trish, get on your bed robe and slippers. Hurry!"

Without hesitation, Trish did as she was told while Anna went to check the halls. There was a distant thud thud sound from downstairs. The warriors of Crimton were trying to force their way into the castle. As for the halls, they were bare. The evacuation must have been started. "Trish! We need to go... now!"

They linked hands and ran through the halls and down some several flights of stairs. There was still no sign of any life. Anna let go of Trish's hand to open the grand double doors that led to the throne room. Trish ran in and stopped short. There were people outside looking in.

"Anna, they see us." Trish's voice was small, scared and wavering.

Anna turned to see several of the men, not hers, pointing and yelling for other warriors. They had to hide. Now. Connecting hands once again, Anna led them to one of the many tables in the back of the room. There was a thick cloth that hung down to the floor and then some. Perfect. Both the girls crawled on the floor until they were out of sight.

The 'thuds' were louder and more spaced out. The enemy was almost inside. A shudder of fear ran through her body causing Trish to hug her close. Anna pet her little sister's head. "We are going to be just fine." But in reality, she had no idea what was going to happen to them. There have been stories of the King of Crimton. He took many women to bed and they were definitely satisfied. But Anna wasn't one for the acts of men and women. It was her duty to remain pure until an eligible suitor married her. Surely this King wouldn't want her to compromise herself. The more she thought of it, the more likely that was going to happen. Better me than Trish.

Then it hit her like a smack to the face. The thudding stopped.

She placed her finger to her plump lips in a silence. They must not be heard.

"You said they were in here?" It was a deep rumbling male voice, and it sent a shiver down her spine.

"Yes Sir. I saw them through the window, just over there."

The man's footsteps were hard on the marble floor. They walked around slowly and methodically. "I know you are in here. Come out now, and I shall not destroy this room."

It was the same deep voice. Anna squeezed her eyes shut. Surely he was bluffing.

************************

King Kaiden stood in the middle of the throne room. It was bare, but otherwise beautiful.

"I will give you one last chance." His tone left no room for argument. He signaled for a few of his men to go look under the tables in the back. There was a small screech of surprise that caused Kaiden to smile. He quickly masked his satisfaction with an unreadable expression. Two girls were pulled out from under one of the tables. One of them had long blonde hair, the same color as his own, with captivating blue eyes. She was slender with few curves. Kaiden guessed she was around fifteen or sixteen. Too young for his tastes.

But the girl nest to the blonde one caught his eye. She was tall with a small build, but, with generous curves. He would bet she was somewhere around eighteen. She had beautiful wavy brown hair with green eyes to match. He locked eyes with her and it nearly took his breath away. He read her emotions like a book; fear, pride, and something that surprised him... lust. He knew he was a good looking man and had gotten that look from many women. But this one was different. He could tell by the way she struggled with his men holding her, that she was a hellion. And more importantly, he liked it.

"Take the younger one to her rooms. And do not touch or bother her." At his request, two men took the weeping girl away. The older one glared daggers at him. He smirked in response.

Kaiden began his slow stalking towards the girl. It was almost predatory. Despite his meanest look, she kept glaring at him. He gave himself a mental note not to mess with the younger girl.

"What is your name?" He asked once he was close enough to her he heard her slow steady breathing.

She did not answer.

"Do not make me hurt you, child."

"It would not matter my name for you will do with me as you please, regardless."

Kaiden was a little bit surprised at her snappy tone, but that never showed on his face. He leaned down so they were eye-to-eye. "Your right, little one. It does not matter. You are a spoil of this war no matter your name. But, you will give an answer." His tone left no room for argument, and the girl must have sensed that because she answered.

"My name is Annabel. I am the eldest daughter of the great King Andrew." She said this with he head held high.

Her father was a prisoner now. Once he told her so, she pursed her lips and her expression became hard and he head fell to glare at him once more.

He merely smiled at this. "Take her to my bed chambers at once. I want the doors guarded; she is not permitted to leave unless I say otherwise."

His men did his bidding, not to the princess's liking. He wished to go with her and tease answers to his various questions out of her, but he couldn't. He had unfinished business to attend to with this girl's father.

********************

This is my first submission ever to Literotica, though I have been a member for nearly a year and a half. I have just had this idea in my head for a while now and thought that I would put my thoughts on paper. I would like to know if you all want longer but fewer chapters, or shorter but plenty chapters. Let me know. Also please rate and comment so I can become a better writer. And also, I do not have an editor so for any grammatical errors I make, please let them be forgiven. I hope you Enjoyed!

-R