 "Mine. You're mine now," he whispered against her ear, his words and the feel of his breath sending delicious tingles throughout her body. With a soft sigh she responded simply, "Yes. Yours." The two lay as they were, the paladin warrior atop his lover, both spent but knowing they both needed and wanted more of what the other had to offer. Walter moved his head so he could again kiss the gypsy Merrique, and what began as a soft gesture quickly turned into passionate, hunger filled kisses. In what seemed like only seconds, Merrique felt him stiffening again inside of her. Beneath him she writhed, pushing her hips forward to encourage his need.

The feeling of his considerable endowment sliding in and out of her made Merri crazy with passion. This time, he was less gentle, and when he pushed himself up with his hands buried in the mattress, he looked down at her face and then to her rounded and heavy breasts. "Perfect," he murmured, and then with an impossibly fast gesture he gathered her hands and pinned them above her head, and his thrusts became faster and more powerful with every stroke. Nobody had ever commanded dominance of Merri in such a way before and it drove her positively wild. It had always been she in charge of every sexual encounter of her adult life. This change was exhilarating and charged with something she'd never felt before. Walter pushed her hands farther down into the mattress, and that was just too much for Merrique. She felt herself tighten around his cock and just as she was about to fall into the mysterious space of orgasm, Walter stopped moving and withdrew from her.

He regarded her with a look that was not quite a smirk and not quite a smile. She returned the gaze with a hurt confusion mixed with wild abandon, and she wondered how he could be so cruel. Walter released her hands and rolled onto his back. Long hard inches of his erection gleamed with their combined wetness in the candlelight, and his muscular body looked positively irresistible. Merrique too shifted on the bed, and on all fours she crawled over the mattress toward him. Without the benefit of her hands, she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and pushed her head down as far forward as she could. The groan of satisfaction that tore from Walter was all the encouragement she needed to continue. To enhance the pleasure she gave, she brought one hand to his erection and squeezed the base firmly for a few seconds before moving it down to cup his balls with a gesture that bordered on reverence.

Merrique used all of her mouth, opening her throat to him, doing her best to keep the gag reflex at bay. It was no small feat, given the size and girth of him, and somehow she managed. Her hand moved between the two places she fondled, occasionally grazing the inside of his thigh with her fingernails. For a moment she considered tormenting him the way he had done to her, by stopping just before he came. But then she decided that she wanted to taste him as he erupted. Indeed, the mingled juices on him that lingered from their first shared orgasm were delicious in an indescribable way, however she just had to taste his come and his come alone. Up and down she moved her head, sometimes pausing to lick the underside of his cock, other times trailing her tongue around the head, and then she would follow these gestures with a thrust down to take him in again. She could feel him getting ready to explode, and moaned around his length as his cock began twitching, his balls tightening. Pulling her head back, she whispered to him, "Give it to me," and again thrust her head down. With that she felt the beginning of his eruption and wrapped her fingers tightly around him, stroking him fast and sucking him hard.

When he did let it loose, he was as delicious as she knew he'd be. Merrique lost count of each individual spurt of hot come, but enjoyed every one of them. Between her legs, her own heat burned and she squeezed her thighs together as the last of his come hit the back of her throat.

She collapsed, laying her head on his stomach and closing her eyes for a few moments. With a grin not seen by her lover, she thought, "I could gladly give this man head every day for the rest of my life."