 This chapter contains scenes of non-consensual sex. Reader discretion is advised.

Comments and feedback would be most appreciated!

*****

The forest around them was quiet... too quiet. There wasn't a single bird call to disturb the silence. Fuyun focused himself and closed his eyes. The faint sound of rustling leaves was coming from all around them, but to the west, he could just make out the sound of padded feet crushing the thick forest mulch. 

The key to defeating an encirclement is to strike at the weakest point in the enemy formation. The group to their west was ahead of its allies, it was the most vulnerable. 

"Follow closely and prepare for battle!" 

Without waiting for their replies, Fuyun began running. He held himself low to minimize his profile, his left hand holding his staff parallel to his body, his right hand held out in front to shield himself from low-hanging branches. He heard the girls' soft footsteps as they followed his instruction. 

Fifty paces. Fuyun focused intently, scanning the vegetation before him. One hundred paces. Fuyun had accelerated into a full sprint. Two hundred paces. There! A flutter of black cloth among the screen of leaves. 

With a roaring battlecry, Fuyun crashed like a thunderbolt through the undergrowth. The men in black and yellow were utterly caught by surprise. Three of them fell to his staff before the rest fanned out in a defensive formation. As Fuyun shift into a more cautious stance, two silhouettes flowed past him on either side. The girls had joined the fray. 

Silver steel cut through the black clad figures. Cries of pain and death rose as crimson blood splattered in all directions. Fuyun waded in on the girls' heels, laying about him with righteous fury. Within moments, over a dozen black-clad bodies lay on the forest ground. 

"We have to keep moving." Fuyun said. 

They had broken through the encirclement but the hunt was now on. 

* * * 

Snake looked at his brother Fang - together they were known as the Snake Fang Brothers - sitting on a tree a stone's throw away from his own. He was bored out of his mind, but Fang seemed to be enjoying the view. 

"Hey dipshit, see anything?" He called out. His brother answered by giving him the finger. 

Snake settled back into his post. This job had sounded like easy money, but he hadn't known it would involve spending the night on a tree. His brother might be the tree hugger type, but he preferred the cities, where booze and cooze were always plentiful. 

The Man had found them in a seedy tavern in Moyan three days ago. He offered them an astounding amount of silver to help hunt down two wenches. Seeing as how they were almost broke and running up long tabs at almost every bar that let them drink on tab, they accepted without hesitation. That these wenches were supposedly skilled fighters only added to the appeal of the job. 

Snake was just starting to doze off with a daydream of cornering a busty barmaid in a dark alley when the amberite ring on his finger began to throb. He started in surprise and looked toward his brother. Fang was already on his feet, moving into a more concealed position. With a muttered curse, Snake pulled himself up and readied his spear. Their quarries were near. 

* * * 

"Look out!" 

Ziyi's warning came almost too late. Fuyun acted on instinct, throwing himself to the side as a brace of throwing knives whistled past, missing him by mere inches. As he rolled back to his feet, two figures landed on either side of them. One was holding a short silver spear, while the other was wielding a pair of knives. 

"Well fuck me like a duck!" The spear holder said. "It's that monk that ruined our contract in Moyan! Small world, ain't it, Fang?" 

"Yup, and payback's a bitch!" The knife wielder - Fang - replied. 

"Do you know them, Fuyun-dag'e?" Ziyi asked. 

"They call themselves the Snake Fang Brothers. My Wuzen brothers and I came upon them attacking a merchant caravan, and drove them off." 

"I see," Meiya said. "So they're just common bandits." 

The spear wielder almost choked at Meiya's words. 

"Common bandit? I'll make you eat your words, wench!" 

He spun his short spear and charged at Meiya. Fuyun raised his staff to deflect the spear thrust, and the two began a deadly dance. The short silver spear darted and probed like a rattlesnake, moving with the agility of a striking cobra. Fuyun swung his staff in blurring figure-eights, using its reach to keep the spear wielder at length. Behind them, he heard the chime of clashing steel as Ziyi and Meiya engaged the knife wielder. 

Fuyun's staff moved with blurring speed, but somehow the spear wielder was faster, and Fuyun was unable to land a single blow. The spear wielder bobbed and weaved through his attacks, seeking to close in with his shorter weapon. Fast as he was, however, he was not able to penetrate the staff's defensive arc. The two combatants could only keep the pressure up against each other, unable for the moment to gain an advantage against the other. 

On the other side, the knife wielder was being pressed by Ziyi and Meiya. He fought defensively, buying time for himself with the occasional thrown knife that forces one of the girls to break off her attack to parry or evade. He seemed to have an endless supply of those knives, for every time he threw one, another appeared in his hand as if by magic. 

Fuyun made several attempts to disengage, but the Snake Fang Brothers were too skilled. The spear wielder easily matched him in speed, and Fuyun dared not slow his attacks. Though they pressed the knife wielder hard, Ziyi and Meiya could not take him down just yet. So they fought on, knowing full well that with each passing moment their pursuers were getting closer. 

Soon enough, a dozen men in black and yellow flooded into the area. Fuyun and the girls were forced to fight back-to-back as they were surrounded. The Snake Fang Brothers pulled back to watch and wait for a weakness. 

"When I give the command, you two must go. I will hold them off." Ziyi said. 

"No jiejie! I will not leave you by yourself!" Meiya cried. 

"Hush, meimei. You must believe in me, I will be fine." Ziyi replied. 

"I will hold them off," Fuyun offered. "You two go first!" 

"No, Fuyun-dag'e, you are not able to do this. You have to trust me. Now get ready!" 

Without waiting for further protests, Ziyi leaped into the air. A sudden, brilliant flash of light momentarily blinded their foes. When it cleared, a whip of golden light lashed down from above, crashing into the encircling formation. There was a thunder clap and three men in black were knocked off their feet, creating a momentary gap in the formation. 

"Now! Go now!" Ziyi's shout came from above. 

Fuyun looked up in astonishment. Ziyi hung suspended in mid-air, wearing a silver and violet armor of silk and lacquered wood, and in her hand she held a long whip seemingly made of pure light. 

"Go! You must both go right now!" Ziyi cried again. 

Fuyun grabbed Meiya's hand and began running through the breach. They ran fifty paces before turning around. They saw Ziyi, still suspended in mid-air, ripping through the ranks of men in black with her whip of light. The Snake Fang Brothers were nowhere to be seen. 

"Jiejie!" Meiya called out. Ziyi turned her head to look at them, and had just begun to smile when the air exploded behind her, slamming her in their direction. 

"Jiejie!!" Meiya screamed. Ziyi crashed into the ground, rolling a dozen paces before lying still. Fuyun and Meiya ran to kneel beside her. 

"She's alive," Fuyun said, "but her pulse is faint." 

He raised his head toward the source of the explosion. A middle-aged man with a long black beard stood there, looking in their direction. 

Meiya suddenly stood. She raised her sword, and with a guttural cry, charged toward the man. The man showed no reaction. Meiya leaped into the air, her sword thrust forward. Suddenly, she was slammed backward, the force of it knocking her sword out of her grasp. Before she could fall, an invisible force caught her and held her in mid-air. 

The middle-aged man made a gesture, and Meiya began to scream, her body wracked by pain. More men in black was now flooding into the area. Fuyun lifted Ziyi into his arms and shadow-stepped. 

* * * 

The girl was crumpled on the ground, sobbing uncontrollably as her body still experienced the lingering effects of the terrible pain. 

The Man was berating them for letting the other girl go, but Snake didn't give a shit. They had done their job. If anyone screwed up, it was the bastard's own people. 

"Take her to the old shrine." The bastard in question was saying. "Wait for me there. I will go hunt down the other vixen." 

"You're the boss." Snake said with a shrug. "Fang, go pick that wench up." 

"Don't see why you always get to order me around..." Fang muttered. 

"Bind her hands and feet with these." The Man produced a pair of silk cords. "They will inhibit her magic and sap her strength." 

Fang did as instructed, then lifted the girl up on his shoulder. She had stopped sobbing but made no attempt to struggle. 

The hike to the old shrine took the entire afternoon. By the time they settled down and had a fire going, it was fully dark. The girl sat propped against an old altar, staring numbly at the fire. 

Fuck she's pretty, Snake thought. The fire light danced across her delicate features. Despite the dust and dry leaves still clinging to her hair, her skin was as fair as the moonlight. Her clothes were torn, revealing a pale and enticing expanse of bosom. 

"What's your name, wench?" Snake asked. No reaction. 

He sighed and got up. He walked over to the girl and jerked her head up. 

"I asked you a question, wench. What is your name?" 

The girl's eyes widened in fear. "Mei... Meiya." She stammered in a barely audible voice. 

Snake released her hair and sat down. 

"See, that wasn't so hard, was it now?" He said with a smile. "If you behave like a good girl, we won't hurt you. Isn't that right, Fang?" 

"Yup, damn right!" Fang replied. 

Snake reached over to stroke Meiya's face. "You're real pretty, you know that?" He grinned. 

Meiya's eyes shone with fear. 

"Please... Please don't..." She said in a trembling voice. 

* * * 

Fuyun had found a small grotto formed by the roots of an ancient tree. Gently depositing Ziyi into a carpet of moss and lichen, he sat down beside her and meditated. He was unhurt from the day's battles, and his chi reserve was quickly replenishing. Wuzen kung fu thrived on combat, and the day's exertions were akin to a day of monastic training for him. 

Night had fallen when Ziyi finally awoke. Her fantastic armor was gone, replaced by her ordinary clothes. Fuyun was pulled out of his meditation by the sound of her voice. 

"Meiya! Where are you, Meiya?" 

"Meiya was captured. I had no choice but to get you out of there." 

Ziyi struggled to sit up. She was still weak and had to lean against the grotto wall for support. 

"Meiya... Oh no... I... What happened?" 

"A high mage. That was a high mage back there. Why is there a high mage after you two?" Fuyun demanded. 

"Then... Then he has found us." 

"Who? Who found you?" 

"Shang Tsung." Ziyi said in a resigned tone. 

Fuyun sat back, surprised. Shang Tsung was the Archbishop of the Shadow Sect, Right Hand of the Shadow Master, and one of the most feared men in the Martial World. The men in black and yellow were Shadow Sect then. 

Noticing Fuyun's silence, Ziyi continued. 

"This is not your fight, Fuyun-dag'e. I am grateful for what you've done, but there is nothing you can do against Shang Tsung. I will find a way to rescue my sister myself." 

"And if you can't?" Fuyun asked softly. 

"If I can't," Ziyi answered, "then at least we will die together." 

For a long time, neither spoke. 

* * * 

Snake could almost smell the girl's fear, and it was driving him crazy with lust. His hand lingered on Meiya's cheek, savoring the feeling of the soft, smooth skin. Then he stood up, lifted Meiya by her bound wrists, and propped her up on the old altar.  

The girl tried to push him away, but her attempts were feeble and easily ignored. He reached forth to grab both sides of her neckline and, with sudden violence, ripped them apart, exposing her luscious breasts. 

For a moment, Snake was mesmerized by the scene before him. The girl, now half naked, tried in vain to hide her bare bosom. Her eyes were wild with fear, like a doe caught in the cross sights of a hunter's bow. Her breaths were quick and shallow, and her extraordinarily perky tits trembled querulously with each heave of her chest. 

The sight drove Snake wild with desire, his hardened member straining painfully against his clothes. He had never desired a woman more than he desired this girl at that instant. His mind blanked out all concerns save a single goal: to have this wench, and make her his. With an animal grunt, he set upon her. 

* * * 

"You didn't answer my first question." Fuyun said, breaking the silence. "Why is Shang Tsung hunting you?" 

"Meiya and I... we killed his only son." 

"You two killed Shang Lung?" Fuyun asked incredulously. By all accounts, Shang Tsung's son was an accomplished sorcerer himself, and notorious for abducting and ravishing female adventurers. Young female fighters from several of the Righteous Clans were rumored to have fallen under him. There were tales of a reprisal party sent by the aggrieved clans to hunt down Shang Lung, only to have him slip between their grasp and take several more of their female party members. 

"How is it that you two were able to accomplish what an entire war party of the Righteous Clans could not?" Fuyun asked. 

"We made use of his weakness and lured him into our grasp." Ziyi answered. 

"You mean his penchant for beautiful women?" 

"Yes. Do you... disapprove?" Ziyi asked cautiously. 

"No, not at all." Fuyun said quickly. "Shang Lung was a vile rapist, and if you two killed him, then he only got what he deserved. 

"Still, he must have been a formidable opponent." Fuyun went on. "Can you tell me anything about the battle? Perhaps there's something we can use against Shang Tsung." 

Ziyi remained silent for a long time, her arms holding her legs and her eyes fixed on the ground. 

"I'm sorry, you don't have to say anything if it makes you uncomfortable." Fuyun said. He thought back to his dream and what he saw on the riverbank. "Whatever methods you used, you did the Martial World a great service." 

"It is time that I told you the truth, Fuyun-dag'e," Ziyi sighed. "The whole truth. You will understand then why you cannot, should not, help us." 

"What are you talking about, Ziyi? Shang Tsung is an evil being. It would be my duty to defeat him, even had I never met you. I only hesitate because I am uncertain of my chances of success." 

"Fuyun-dag'e, Meiya and I... we are Kitsune-jin." 

Fuyun was stunned. Kitsune... Fox spirits who seduced men from their wives... He had thought such things but old wives' tales... 

"Then... It wasn't a dream, was it?" Fuyun asked softly. 

"No, it was." Ziyi replied. "I had no choice, Fuyun-dag'e. I was wounded and our magic was depleted from days of running battle. I did not dare rely on you for our protection. I chose to come to you in your dream because it would attenuate the effect. You would not have survived otherwise..." 

* * * 

Meiya cried out as rough hands squeezed her tits and a hot, hungry mouth engulfed one of her nipples. She tried to push and kick, but the magical ropes binding her were sapping her of all strength. The mouth moved from one nipple to the other, sucking greedily, and Meiya felt a shiver run up her spine. 

Snake made his way down Meiya's body. His hands gripped her clothes and ripped them off piece by piece until she was almost naked. He pushed her down on the altar and lifted her legs by her bound ankles, exposing her pink and moist pussy. 

He hurriedly shed his trousers, his cock already a massive iron rod, as Meiya began to struggle harder. He bent down to spit on Meiya's cunt, as was his usual practice with recalcitrant wenches, but the smell of her pussy drove him to lick it instead. 

Meiya felt the rough mouth and tongue on her pussy and cried out despite herself. Her body began to react on its own as her juices began to flow. Before long, Snake was noisily slurping up her wetness. Her struggles became weaker and weaker under the assault of his hot probing tongue, until they subsided entirely. 

She felt him stand back up, and something big, hot, and hard began pushing insistently against her pussy. Meiya cried out again as the hard shaft slid easily in between her now drenched folds and buried itself up to its hilt. 

Snake began pounding her relentlessly, and with each thrust Meiya cried out in a mixture of shame and pleasure. Her still bound legs were propped against his shoulder and her breasts were bouncing wildly in rhythm with his thrusts. His rough hands roamed her body like two marauding oxens plowing a virgin field, now squeezing her round, uplifted ass, then groping her tender, succulent tits. 

After what seemed an eternity of pounding, Snake pulled out of her. Meiya sobbed as the exquisite pressure left her tender pussy, but her relief was short-lived. A rough pair of hands pulled her off the altar and flipped her over on all fours. As Meiya struggled to keep her balance with her bound hands and feet, a hand grabbed her hair and wrenched her head painfully up. Snake peered down at her 

"Open your mouth, wench. If you know what's good, you'd better open them wide!" He said. 

Meiya began to shake her head, but a rough jerk on her hair made her cry in pain. Her open mouth was immediately stuffed with Snake's massive cock, and she had no choice but to close her lips around the hard shaft. Tears streamed down her face as Snake began fucking her face, his hand holding her roughly by her hair, his balls bouncing against her chin. 

Almost at the same time, Meiya was aware of a second pair of hands grabbing her buttocks and spreading them apart. An equally massive cock pushed itself unceremoniously into her pussy, and suddenly Meiya found herself being pounded from both ends. She choked and sobbed, but almost unconsciously began to bob her head and move her hips in rhythm with the two cocks pumping in and out of her. Before she realized what she was doing, she was earnestly sucking Snake off and moaning wildly as Fang fucked her from behind. 

* * * 

"Shang Tsung is powerful, but we need not face him directly. We only need to find and rescue Meiya." Fuyun said after a while. 

Ziyi looked up at him, her turn to be stunned. 

"You still mean to help us?" She asked disbelievingly. 

"No matter what you are, Shang Tsung is still an evil man. I cannot stand by knowing Meiya is in his grasp." Fuyun responded. 

For a moment, Ziyi said nothing. Then she suddenly moved into a kneeling position. 

"Fuyun-dag'e... on behalf of Meiya and myself, please accept our most profound gratitude!" With those words, she made to kowtow to him. 

Aghast, Fuyun quickly reached out to block her. 

"What... Ziyi, there is no need for this!" He looked into her eyes, dark, limpid pools where a man's soul could easily drown. "Truth be told, I would help Meiya regardless. I would die first before I would abandon either of you!" 

Hearing those words, Ziyi broke into a radiant smile. Unshed tears brimmed her eyes. With a cry, she threw her arms around his neck. 

Fuyun held her for a long time, his heart a storm of turmoil. His hands gently stroked her silken hair as he felt her heart beat against his own. 
