 "Great Master, as you can see from these reports, Lord Shang Tsung died from massive heart failure caused by lethal disruptions to his solar plexus meridian points. 

 "While many clans have styles that cause similar trauma, we have identified five specific meridian points that were targeted in this case. 

 "There is only one technique that would fit the profile of the slaying: the Five Point Palm Exploding Heart technique of the Wuzen Temple." 

 Ji Sheng, the Magister of Shadows, remained prostrate before the Shadow Throne as he finished delivering his report. 

 After a long silence, the Shadow Master spoke: 

 "Summon the Concubine of Shadows." 

 * * * 

 Her footsteps echoed through the empty hallways as she strode down the darkened corridor. Dressed in a revealing hanfu of flowing white and blue silk, her bare, curvaceous hips swayed alluringly in rhythm with the staccato beat of her high-heeled boots. 

 The corridor opened into the throne room, a vast hall bathed in a dim, ghostly light. She strode through the flickering shadows, ignoring the incessant, phantasmal whispers of the wraithly guardians, and stopped ten paces away from the throne. Bending to one knee, she spoke in a low, seductive voice: 

 "As you have summoned me, Milord, so have I come." 

 "I have need of your services, Daiji." The Shadow Master intoned. "Shang Tsung has been slain by Wuzen monks. In response, you will go and destroy their chapter monastery in Moyan." 

 "Milord!" She exclaimed, "Abbot Kong of Moyan is a formidable kung-fu master, and the monastery is guarded by many skilled martial monks. It would take hundreds of warriors to accomplish such a thing, and such an act would surely lead to war with the Righteous Clans!" 

 "Indeed. I have no wish to war with the Righteous Clans just yet, which is why you shall do this alone." The Shadow Master replied. 

 "Milord, Shang Tsung was a fool. If the Wuzen monks killed him, then I say good riddance!" 

 She never even saw him move. One moment the Shadow Master was sitting on his throne, the next he had seized her by the throat and lifted her off the floor. Her feet kicked uselessly as they dangled in the air, her hands clenched convulsively at his unmoveable arm, her eyes bulging as she choked. 

 "Shang Tsung may be a fool, but he's *my* fool, just as *you* belong to me. Is that understood?" 

 She nodded frantically, her eyes wild with fear. 

 As quickly as he had seized her, the Shadow Master released her and returned to his throne. Daiji, the Concubine of Shadows, collapsed on her hands and knees, trying desperately to draw breath. 

 "Go now," the Shadow Master said, "and leave no one alive." 

 * * * 

 Spring rain had given way to summer sun when Fuyun reached the city of Moyan. It had been over a week since he had parted ways with Ziyi and Meiya, and another week's travel would see him to the Wuzen Temple, just in time for the Martial Monk Tournament.

 He planned to visit the Kumu Temple here in Moyan. While the Wuzen Temple did not technically have branch chapters, sometimes local temples would invite a Wuzen Master to become their abbot. The Wuzen Master traditionally brought along his own disciples, and those disciples, accomplished martial monks themselves, would recruit students from the local temple. The abbot of Kumu, Master Kong, is one such example. Fuyun planned to rest a few days before resuming his journey. Surely some of the more skilled martial monks of Kumu would wish to attend the Tournament. It would be good to have some camaraderie on the road. That particular train of thought conjured memories of Ziyi's smile and Meiya's laughter. Fuyun ruthlessly quashed it.

 Moyan's South Gate was bustling with people seeking to take advantage of the clement weather. Just a short distance past the gates was a market crowded with hawkers and shoppers. Fuyun stopped at a noodle stall to enjoy a steaming bowl of hot noodles mixed with pickled cabbage and sliced bamboo shoots. It was a delicious change from weeks of cold travel rations. The proprietor of the stall, a devout woman who refused to take payment from a monk, gave Fuyun directions to the Kumu Temple. Master Kong was a revered sage in Moyan, she explained, and all monks were highly respected. Fuyun thanked her for her generosity and continued on his way. 

 The Kumu Temple was magnificently built, grander than even the Wuzen Temple, a testament to its popularity with the people of Moyan. As Fuyun stepped inside its gilded gates, the familiar scent of incense brought him a pang of longing for home. The monk who greeted him widened his eyes at the mention of Wuzen, and deferentially led him to the abbot's abode. Master Kong was sitting in meditation. Fuyun quietly sat down before the old, white-bearded monk, and waited. 

 *** 

 With slow, deliberate motions, Daiji put the final touches on her makeup. Unlike the other dancers, who applied generous amounts of powder to conceal their flaws, hers was light and subtle, designed to enhance her already flawless skin and accentuate her delicate features. 

 "Mistress, the Lord Templar Commander is getting impatient." 

 The obsequious little man who just spoke was the "host" of the Sapphire Rose Garden, which just meant that he was a glorified pimp. 

 "Understood." Daiji replied simply, and continued working on her makeup without a trace of hurry. 

 On the surface, the Sapphire Rose was one of three high-class brothels in Moyan, catering to the nobility and the very, very wealthy. In truth, it was a front for local Shadow Sect operations. 

 Ignoring her underling's nervous fidgeting, Daiji slowly rose to her feet and held out her arms. Her handmaiden stepped forward to drape her shoulders with a diaphanous veil. Finally, she was ready. 

 The expression of relief on the obsequious little man's face was almost comical. He darted out quickly to announce her imminent appearance.

 With confident grace, Daiji walked into the banquet hall where all of Moyan's dignitaries and aristocrats were gathered. Immediately, all conversations ceased, and all eyes turned toward her.

 Daiji came to a stop directly in front of Lord Templar Commander Zhao. As the highest ranking noble in Moyan, he occupied the center seat. Beside him sat the Magister of Moyan, the highest functionary of the city.

 Daiji briefly met Lord Zhao's gaze, before coyly lowering her eyes. Despite his graying hair, the Lord still looked every inch the fearsome warrior he was reputed to be. She curtsied for him, breathing deeply as she leaned forward. The light fabric draped around her body dipped low, offering a tantalizing view of her curvaceous assets. Watching through her lowered eyes, she saw the fires of lust roaring to life in Lord Zhao's eyes. Though the Magister almost choked on his tea, Daiji paid him no attention.

 The music began to play as she rose. Her courtesan dancers fanned out around her. Daiji gracefully spread her arms into the swan pose, her silk shawl hanging from them like wings. With her eyes fixed on Lord Zhao, she began to dance.

 *** 

 "Mistress, the Lord Templar Commander has requested a private dance from you." 

 Daiji smiled. She had not taken her eyes off the Lord for the entire dance, and she had known that he would make this request once the other guests have departed. 

 "Tell him that I will meet him in the inner garden. Make sure that we are not disturbed." 

 "Yes, Mistress. It will be as you command." 

 *** 

 The inner garden of the Sapphire Rose was secluded behind a screen of bamboo forest. Midnight summer breeze made light ripples upon the small pond. Lord Zhao stood alone beside the water, gazing at the reflection of the full moon. 

 He turned as Daiji entered the garden, his eyes widening at the sight of her. She wore silk robes that billowed out behind her, yet molded tightly to her body. The skirt was parted high enough to bare her curvaceous hips. The folds of the cloth were barely held in place by a blue silk sash that served more to emphasized her slim waist than to keep the robe closed. Her voluptuous breasts threatened to spill out with every breath she took.

 "As you have summoned me, Milord, I am at your disposal." She said with a deep curtsy.

 Lord Zhao nodded. "Yes, I wished to see you dance again." 

 "Certainly, Milord! Your wish is my desire." 

 Daiji took Lord Zhao by the hand and guided him to a stone table.

 "Please have a seat, Milord." She indicated one of the stone stools with a gesture, and moved away from him.

 With her back turned to him, Daiji raised her hands above her head, her long sleeves falling to reveal her pale, slender arms, and began to sway her hips. With each sway, she slowly turned, her arms still raised, her hands making complex, evoking patterns, until she was once again facing him. She then began to spread her arms wide and bend her body like a graceful willow. With every move, her robe seemed to be on the verge of falling to her feet, yet never did. She smiled at him as she danced, enjoying the hunger in his eyes. 

 Finally, he could not control himself any longer. With a sudden speed that belied his age and surprised even her, the Lord Templar Commander grabbed her by the waist and bent her over the stone table. Holding her down with one hand, he tore off her flimsy robe with the other, leaving her stark naked in the pale moonlight. 

 "Milord, no! I'm not a courtesan, I'm only here to dance!" She protested, to no avail. She struggled feebly, but only managed to raise her ass higher and give him a better view of her moist folds. She heard him grunt, followed by the sounds of disrobing. Moments later, she felt a massive cock penetrate her and ram deep into her. 

 Daiji cried out in genuine surprise, as she was not expecting a cock this size. Her surprise soon turned to delight as the massive erection filled her to the brink and began pounding her against the stone table. 

 "Milord, please stop! I'm not that kind of girl! Please, have mercy! It's too big! You are going to split me apart!" She cried out as he fucked her hard. His hands moved to grab and squeeze her ass, allowing his cock to slam even deeper into her. She pushed herself up, her back arched and her ass raised high, screaming with each thrust. 

 "Oh Milord! Please stop! You are impaling me with that huge cock! I'm going to die... I'm going to die! You are sending me to heaven!" 

 He pounded her even harder and deeper. Waves of pleasure slammed through her body, crashing higher and higher until she couldn't take it anymore. Her body convulsed as climax hit her and she cried out at the top of her lungs.

 She collapsed, exhausted, on the stone table, but Lord Zhao was not yet done. She could only whimper as he kept pounding that big, hard cock deeper and deeper, until finally, with one last thrust, he spilled his hot seed deep inside her. 

 ***

 Three black-clad figures moved across the roof tops, confident of their invisibility under the moonless night, unaware of the presence watching their progress from above. Yuxia, the Sword of Mists, Paladin of the Celestial Jade, flew silently through the night sky, carried by the magic of her sword, Sinslayer. The three men -- she judged them to be men from the way they moved -- came to a halt beside a large estate, likely the home of a wealthy merchant or a minor noble. Silently, they lowered themselves into the courtyard.

 Yuxia glided in close, landing upon the estate's roof top. Sinslayer sheathed itself in the scabbard on her back. She had been tracking Shadow Sect activities for weeks, and tonight was the first time, thanks to the moonless night, that she has had the opportunity to follow them closely. The three men in black, oblivious to her presence, approached a room on the far side of the courtyard. One of them took out a thin, bronze tube and poked it through the paper window. A second man lit up a stick of incense, and, holding it carefully so as not to breathe it by accident, inserted it into the tube.

 Yuxia held back her urge to leap down and slay them all in righteous fury. She needed to find out what the Shadow Sect was up to. Was this a theft, or an abduction? What were they after? The three men waited for the soporific smoke of their incense to take effect, then pushed the door open. Two of them went inside, while a third stood guard.

 It was time to act. Yuxia leaped from the roof, gliding down like a hawk upon a field mouse. Her strike paralyzed the Shadow cultist before he could cry out. Inside, she could make out the two other men leaning over a sleeping figure. Yuxia stepped into the room. Sinslayer flashed, one cultist toppled without a sound. The third one launched himself at her, a gleaming dagger in his hand. Yuxia sidestepped, her hand chopped down. The cultist collapsed.

 Yuxia turned to the sleeping figure. A beautiful young woman, she was deep in incense-induced sleep, but looked otherwise unharmed. Yuxia looked around. This was the room of an unmarried maiden, and the daughter of a wealthy family at that. Expensive jade figurines and jewels dotted the room, but the cultists had not given them a second look. No, they were here for the girl.

 Yuxia bent over the unconscious cultist. She woke him with a sharp slap and pulled him up by the collar.

 "Alright, you bastard, talk! What the hell are you people up to?"

 ***

 Daiji carefully disentagled herself from Lord Zhao's arms. Morning light spilled into the luxurious bedroom, dust motes dancing in the air. She studied the sleeping form lying beside her, and ran her hand along the hard, chiseled body. After that night in the Sapphire Rose Garden, Lord Zhao had brought her back to his palace, where he fucked her for three days straight. The man had a stamina and prowess that would be the envy of men half his age! Daiji's hand came to rest upon Lord Zhao's chest. It rose and fell in a steady rhythm, his heartbeat slow and strong.

 Certain that Lord Zhao was deep asleep, Daiji rose from the bed, and draped a sheer silken veil around her shoulders. She sat down before a powder table and pulled out a small mirror from her pouch. With a whispered incantantion, the mirror filled with a swirling gray mist, slowly dissipating to reveal the host of the Sapphire Rose. The obsequious little man gave a surprised start.

 "Mistress! I wasn't expecting to see you!" He bowed hastily.

 "How goes your work?" Daiji asked curtly.

 "It is going well, Mistress. We have almost twenty of them."

 "That should be enough. Have you started spreading the rumours?"

 "Yes, Mistress, it will soon be the most talked about news in Moyan, if it isn't already!"

 "Very good. Now what about--"

 "Daiji...? Who are you talking to?" Lord Zhao's voice rose behind her.

 Daiji's heart skipped a beat. With a quick gesture, she reverted the mirror to its normal aspect, and rose from her seat. Lord Zhao was still lying on the bed, his eyes squinting in the light.

 "Talk, my lord? I wasn't talking with anyone." She sat down beside him on the bed. "Were you dreaming, my lord?"

 "Yes," Lord Zhao said sleepily, "I think so... I was dreaming about you."

 "You should rest a bit more, my lord. After all, you've been exerting yourself very... hard... these last few days." Daiji said with a smile as her hand moved to hold Lord Zhao's half-erect cock. "Please allow me to help you back to your dreams, my lord..."

 She lowered herself upon Lord Zhao's thigh and took his cock into her full-lipped mouth. Lord Zhao gave a low moan and closed his eyes as she began her ministrations. Her hand closed around his balls and kneaded them lightly as she lowered her mouth until it touched the base of his cock. She stayed there as his cock stiffened, and soon felt it poking against the back of her throat. She then sucked in her cheeks and drew her tightly-wrapped lips up along the length until it left her mouth with a loud "pop". Lord Zhao gasped.

 Daiji released his balls and grabbed his cock by its base. She dripped some saliva upon the fat head, then wrapped her lips around it once more. This time, she descended only half way. She sucked hard as she pulled her mouth back up, until only the tip of the cock was still inside, then lowered herself again, repeating this movement in long, steady strokes.

 A dozen strokes in, Lord Zhao was fully awake. He lifted his head to watch. Morning light shone upon Daiji's alabaster skin. Her head bobbed up and down the length of his shaft, her raven locks spilling upon his thighs.

 "Come here." He said.

 Obediently, she snuggled into his arms. He closed a hand upon one of her voluptuous breasts, and she gingerly offered herself to him. He buried himself between her breasts, one hand kneading the fleshy mound while his mouth sucked on her nipples. After a few moments, his throbbing erection forced him to reluctantly pull away from her bosom.

 "Turn around." He said.

 Daiji rolled onto her side, presenting him with her curvacious ass, and lifted her leg, laying bare her anticipation. Lord Zhao ran a finger along her folds, ascertaining their moistness, before positioning himself behind her. A moment later, she felt the now familiar sensation of that huge cock penetrating into her womb. Daiji closed her eyes and threw back her head as a moan escaped her lips.

 One arm wrapped around her throat, the other hooked under her leg, forcing her to spread as widely as possible, Lord Zhao rammed his cock deep into her. With each thrust, a high-pitched yelp escaped her lips, and as he increased his rhythm, they were spaced closer and closer until they merged into full throated cries. Her hands gripped the silken bedsheets as he pounded her from behind, her ample tits flailing wildly in rhythm with his thrusts.

 "Ohhhh.... my lord! Your huge cock is tearing me apart!" Daiji cried with each thrust. "More! I want more! Give it to me... Give it to me harder! I want it... I want it all! I want it all the way inside me! My lord... you fuck me so good... I am your slave! Take me whenever you want! Oh lord... Oh my lord!! I am cumming!!!"

 Daiji shuddered as climax hit her. Her body convulsed in pleasure and her pussy clamped tight. With a suprised grunt, Lord Zhao heaved with all his might, sliding his cock in and out of a vise-tight pussy. He managed only a few strokes before pleasure overcame him. He gave a final, mighty thrust and buried his cock all the way into her cunt. Daiji screamed as hot cum filled her womb.