 I took a long pull on my tankard and set it back on the rough hewn table. We were sat in the corner of a busy tavern, a roaring fire casting long shadows amongst the hard drinking patrons.

"So you want me to steal the Stone of Seduction?"

The robed and hooded figure opposite me nodded, "Yes Esmeralda. That Stone is too dangerous to be left in the hands of a wizard."

I nodded. Zarngorn the Sorcerer did not have the best reputation.

"Esmeralda, you've always done right by the Sisterhood in the past. The pay is fifty gold pieces now, and one hundred more when the item is delivered."

"And what's to stop me taking the money and running?"

The woman smiled, "We trust you Esmeralda. We hear good things, have seen good things. You are very honourable, for an orc."

"For an Orc?" I grinned savagely, showing my fangs, and flexed an arm, the dusk green muscles bulging.

The noise of the tavern temporarily ceased, a few of the braver drinkers casting curious glances at the us.

"I apologise. I meant nothing by it, save that you are a noble person."

"I'll let it slide this time Acandra. But what makes you think I can pull off this heist anyway? Last I heard Zargorn was holed up in his tower, and he's not likely just to roll over and let me take the Stone."

"You heard correctly. But the Ladies of Ithia happen to know that the wretched sorcerer has sent his legion eastward to put down revolt among his slaves in the Middenland. His tower is left all but undefended. Zargorn has sought to keep this secret, but we have eyes everywhere. Someone of your skill should have little difficulty procuring the Stone."

She threw something to me, "And here, you best take this. It will render you immune to the effects of the Stone."

"Umhum..," I smiled, "I remember your last 'easy' job. My flesh still bares the scars."

"If it was a job anyone could do, then we would not pay you... lets call it sixty for now... well we would not pay you 310 gold pieces if it were easy. Do you want the job or not?"

I stared into the dregs of my ale, swirling the tankard. "Well, I suppose, as you asked so nicely. And as Zarngorn is such a bastard anyway. Yes, I shall do it. You may go back to your Sisters with my assent. But, Acandra, if I find out you and your Ladies have lied to me once again you may find my services no longer available to you. Do I make myself clear?"

Acandra smiled, "Of course Esmeralda. We never give you false information intentionally, you must understand that. Our sources are not always the best nor the most trustworthy, but we will always help you as best we can. Here," she tossed me a leather pouch, "Here is your advance coin. Go and do whatever you will with it. But remember, the Stone must be retrieved." She pushed her chair backwards and stood quickly, wrapped her cloak about her and strode from the inn, the other patrons giving her a wide berth.

I smiled, feeling the weight of the coins in my palm, "Send my regards to the Ladies." I could think of many fun things to do with the money.

As dusk fell the tavern had become roudier. I wasn't helping matters. "Another!" I roared. The barman came forward, a sparkle in his eye, and set down another foaming tankard. I tossed him a coin, which he caught before retreating to the other side of the bar.

I picked up the mug and inhaled deeply, tasting the hops and barley notes in the air. Then I threw back my head and downed the beer in one, slamming the tankard down upon the bar next to the other empties. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and turned to survey the tavern.

As was typical for this time of night it was full, and three dozen pairs of drink-addled eyes met mine. My own eyes were drink addled too. They meet those of a thin, dark young man with an elegantly trimmed beard. I felt a warmth rise up in me, though how much of that was the ale I wouldn't like to speculate. But he was handsome. And I was horny.

"Hey, you," I said, pointing at him, a man who but a moment ago had been simply drinking with his fellows. "Want to come with me?" I'm very eloquent when I'm drunk.

He looked over me, his eyes pausing on the swell of my breasts, the curve of my hips, a smile creeping across his features. I strode over to him, and took him by the hand, leading him from the now hushed room. He followed me eagerly, his face going slack in wonder. Orc women were rare in these parts, and I'd heard some of the tall tales they told about us.

We left the bar together, and took the side-stairs up to the rooms above. I found my chamber and opened the wooden door, after a couple of attempts with the key.

I shut the door behind us, and going about with flint and tinder lit the candles. A soft glow now illuminated the room. It was not large, furnished only with a small table and straw mattressed bed. The man grinned at me, though I saw traces of fear behind the bravado. That made me smile.

"I... I'm Hanlon, son of Glindol..."

I put a finger to his lips, I had no wish to hear his

intoxicated prattle, "Hush Hanlon, I don't need your damn life story. Tonight I'm leaving town, off on some risky job. I've had my beer, and now I just want a good lay. Can you handle that?"

The man nodded.

"Good boy. Now then," I began unbuttoning his tunic, "Do you know anything about pleasing a girl?"

The garment fell from Hanlon and he stepped back, his eyes taking me in, the curvy, hard muscled, and green creature before him. I was a little short by human standards, but wide at the hips, by limbs thicker. My hair was black, caught up in a long top-knot that hung down below waist.

I took off my leather trousers and hauberk, revealing the thick bunched strength of my thighs and arms. I bent to remove my boots, sensing Hanlon's gaze focus on my arse. It was broad and round, muscular yet feminine. I was proud of it, damn it. He reached forward, caressing it, his hands massaging, his fingernails drawing rough arcs of pleasure over my skin.

I sighed and shook my hips from side to side, glancing back at him sidelong, a twinkle in my eyes. I was having fun. I turned to face him and threw off my cotton undershirt, letting my breasts fall from the light garment. I took up Hanlon's awestruck hands, guiding them to me. He cupped and massaged each tit, his fingers stroking the dark green nipples till each became a hard point, little sparks of joy flushing my brain. "Good boy."

I reached down and slipped my hand into my pants, finding my clit, stroking, feeling a growing wetness in my loins, a growing excitement mixing with the slosh of alcohol in my head. I gently pushed down on Hanlon's shoulders. He started to descend to his knees but I stopped him short, "Slow down, slow down. You're not done up here yet!" I arched my back, thrusting my breasts forward, "Bring that tongue here."

Hanlon brought his mouth to my left nipple, his tongue extending cautiously to taste the hard flesh. He licked it, and I quivered against him. This time he went in harder, kissing, stroking and kneading the whole of my breast, his hand on the other caressing, whilst with his left he reached round to squeeze my arse.

I moaned, shivers coursing through he, and drew him tight against me, smothering his face with my breasts, feeling his tongue and lips at work, his hot breath steaming on my skin. Few! I was getting flushed. I began to touch my clit more vigorously, feeling the growing waves of pleasure blooming from my tits and pussy. Pleasure sparking in me, I raked my sharp claws down his back, and spanked his pallid arse.

I took one of his hands, placed it under the clothes against the mound of my pubis. That boy was was too damn hesitant! One of his fingers found my clit, began to gently draw circles upon it. Then his thumb replaced it, and I felt the finger slide inside of me. Better.

"You naughty boy."

Keeping his face hugged to my breasts, I placed a hand against the crotch of his pantaloons, feeling something hard and warm twitching at my touch. Promising. I wrapped my fingers around his cock and began to slowly jerk it through the fabric of his clothes. I felt the little gasp of his breath against my skin as I took hold of him.

His finger slid in and out, each stroke firm and hungry for more, reaching in up to his knuckles, the digit arching and caressing my moist confines. My body felt aglow, warm fire pulsing in my loins up through every nerve fiber. I felt the cock throbbing in my hand. It was too much to resist.

I grabbed the man and tossed him onto the bed. I tore his trousers from him, loosened my own belt. We looked at each other a moment. Hanlon's eyes roved across my body, as if noticing it fully for the first time. The swell of my broad hips, the hard muscles of my abs, the soft green mound of my pussy. I could tell he was enjoying the view. He was sexy too; his pale pink flesh flushed in passion, built like a farm labourer, shoulder length dark hair framing his face, the traces of a beard. A good looking specimen. And of course the darker flesh of his engorged cock. Mmm. It twitched, seeming to me so full to burst it was in danger of going off already. Precum glistened about its head.

"Oh, you'll do I think," I said, barely containing my desire to feel that cock inside me right now. But first I wanted him to earn it.

I leapt astride him, clamping my thighs tight either side of his head. He stared up, seeing my pussy above him, wet and inviting. Beyond that hung my breasts, nipples erect, and then my grinning face, a wild hunger in my eyes.

"Come on big boy, show me what you can do," I said, putting a hand behind his head and raising his mouth to my clitoris. "And try not to cum too soon, I've more in store for you."

I reached a hand back, wrapping my fingers around his cock, feeling the hardness, the heat, my thumb playing gently around the swelling head.

He moaned into me, sending vibrations through my body, and I felt the whiskers of his beard brush against my skin. He took my clit in his mouth, sucking gently. I bucked involuntary atop him, tightening my hand around his cock. He began to work his tongue, alternately flicking the tip against my clit, then firmly lapping with the flat of his tongue. He swirled it around, exploring the terrain around my clit, licking up and down, then sideways, occasionally sucking. All the while his lips moved, brushing and caressing against me. He was good. Damn. I tingled. My body shook. I let out a long moan, giving voice to my pleasure.

I flexed my thigh muscles against his head, dug my claws through his hair, pushed his face harder against my pubis, all the while struggling to keep the rhythm of my other hand a slow jerk. I didn't want him cumming everywhere till I'd felt that dick inside me. Damn! It felt so damn good to have a head between my legs and a hard cock in my hand.

Hanlon started to rake my back and massage my arse. He was still being too hesitant. I let go of his dick and grabbed him by the wrist. Then I struck his hand against my butt.

"OK?" I said, and returned to my slow jerking. He spanked me gently. Oh for fucksake, "Harder!" I yelled. Was it too much to ask for a decent spanking? He struck my arse with all his might and spasms of pleasure rolled across my body. My flesh quivered. I was filling up with ecstasy. Not far to go.

I began to moan softer and quicker, in part guiding him through sound, in part just enjoying the release. Hanlon kept up a steady rhythm, working his whole jaw, tongue, lips and everything. Damn he was good. I felt the hot pressure of orgasm building in my pussy, waves of pleasure pulsing up to my brain. Again he spanked me, his palm bouncing off the thick muscles. Ahhh! The dam burst and I let out a deep cry, cumming hard, my body beyond my control, thrashing and spasming. Breathless I rolled onto my back and lay shaking a minute.

Hanlon made to climb atop me but I pushed him back onto to the bed. Cheeky bugger, "I drive."

I swung myself astride him, reached down, guided him into me. I was far too wet for any difficulties. Feeling that hard flesh side against me was heaven. We both moaned. I began to work myself up and down on his dick, enjoying the warmth and hardness of it caressing my pussy. It wasn't a bad cock, for a human. No indeed.

Faster and faster I went, my head still drunk on the chemicals of bliss, my breasts bouncing up and down with the rhythm of my hips. Hanlon ran his hands over my body, feeling the bunched muscles at work.

I felt him quiver beneath me. I bent down, "Not too soon, naughty boy." I brushed my lips against his ear and bit down on his neck. He moaned sharply and I felt his dick spasm, felt the hot cum shot inside me. I let out a little shudder, "Naughty boy." But I couldn't be upset with him. It felt so good.

I climbed off him and took a cloth and water to clean myself, the white spunk oozing from my pussy. Hanlon remained on his back, a misty look it his eyes.

"Not bad for a human, I might have to look you up again next time I'm in town. But, and I know I'm sexy as hell, but if you could let me ride you a little longer next time?" I waved a hand, "Hello?"

His eyes focused and he started to mumble something.

I laughed, "At least your tongue is good for something."

Then I grabbed him by the shoulder and lifted him from the bed. "Go on, I've got packing to do!"

I pushed him toward to the door. He staggered forward, fumbled with the lock and disappeared into the night.

I shook my head, humans. But, I thought, shuddering in remembrance, that tongue!

I finished cleaning up, and went around the room, tossing my gear into packs. It didn't really take long, but I'd had no desire to make small talk with the man. He'd served his purpose, and besides I should really leave as soon as possible. Traveling at night was going to be sensible, especially once I reached Zarngorn's blighted land. I threw herself onto the straw bed and drew the blanket over myself, determined to catch a couple of hours sleep before heading off. As I drifted to slumber my hands traced the lines of Hanlon's caresses.

*

The light of the moon fell upon my face, and I opened my eyes. I stretched up my arms up and yawned, showing my little white fangs. I'd have liked to rest longer, but the job called. I reached over to the table, and took up the hard tack and cured meat I'd left out for supper. I ate them ravenously, teaching a man to please took it out of you, then got up and dressed. Studded leather armour over cotton shirt and leggings, boots to my knees. Best not to mess around when there was potential for blades to be raised against me. I tightened the scabbard around my waist, checked the sword's edge. There was going to be a lot of riding tonight.

I loaded up my horse, Raskas, and headed off. The land of Zarngorn was at least a week's ride, and the Great East Road would take me only so far.

At first I passed through merry villages of smooth stone, chimneys smoking and red faced peasants going about their business. Children chased geese and cows lowed. The track took me through forests of oak and along endless fields of wheat and barley. For the most part I only saw humans, squirrels and foxes, but the occasional gnome tinker or elf hunter was to be found, come down to the Riven Plain to trade or sell their skills.

There was no want of inns in which to drink or sleep, though I tarried little. I had little enough respect for Acandra and her Ladies, but I did not doubt the damage Zarngorn could cause with the Stone of Seduction, had perhaps already caused. He was a man of great ambition and few scruples, a dangerous combination.

On the afternoon of the fifth day I came to the Ford of Kohan, where the great river was crossed by a small path that ran away to the north. The road itself continued to follow the river out toward the Bitter Sea and the fair lands of Andalas. But that was not my path, alas. Sunset ale and veal pie would have to wait. I crossed the ford, following the thin track into the heathland. I had entered Zargorn's realm.

There were no more stone villages, only rude hamlets of wooden huts. The inhabitants watched me fearfully as I passed. I was probably the first green skin they'd seen and I kept a hand on the hilt of my sword, wary for any mischief. I slept rough under the sky, nestled in a dense pine forest. As I lay under my warm furs the calls of many strange beasts came to my ears. I hoped fire would keep them away.

The next day the forests fell away and I was forced to ride long across a large highway in open country. Ahead of me a deeper darkness moved against the gloom, dust rising from it. As it approached I saw several soldiers leading a group of chained women along the road. Slavers. Fucking scumbags in other words. My fingers moved across the stock of my crossbow. What to do... I'd seen them, doubtless they'd seen me too. It was time to play it cool. Ride casual.

I walked Raskas towards the party slowly, whistling tunelessly. As I got closer I moved to one side of the track to allow them space to pass. From this distance I could see that the term soldier had been too generous. There were four men clad in whatever scraps of armour they'd scrounged; bits of chain, scale and leather hung from them, ill fitting and ill made. Their weapons were equally pitiful, rusted pikes and an ancient short sword. They had a grubby, hungry look about them. Behind them some twenty women walked, naked but for rags, each collared and chained to her fellow in front and behind.

As I approached one of the men stepped in front of me, brandishing his sword. "Halt!" he said, "What brings you to this land?"

"I am only crossing good sir, and will be gone soon. I am making my way to Picairn to visit relatives."

The guard eyed me suspiciously, not buying my obsequious accent, "Don't you know it is illegal for a lesser species to wander here unbound?" He turned to his men, "See how she rides like a real person? Seize her! Perhaps we can add her to our chattel. No doubt someone of her build will fetch a pretty penny in the slave markets of Harrash."

As he turned back to sneer at me I lifted the crossbow, which I'd concealed behind the flank of my horse, and shot the man through the throat. He staggered backward, gurgling and grasping at the black shaft imbedded in him. Before he'd fallen I spurred Raskas and charged at one of the startled pikemen. The beast reared up, and an iron shod hoof pulverised the man's head. Turning in my saddle I batted away a clumsy pike thrust with my sword and thrust the blade deep and low, finding an unprotected gap in the patchwork armour. Blood and bone fragments spurted from the wound and the man dropped.

The last soldier dropped his weapon and ran from the track, heading into the field beyond. I quickly reloaded my crossbow; the man had not gone twenty paces before a bolt punched threw his back. I took a breath and looked around; the landscape was empty save for the bodies, the chained women, and the swaying wheat.

I dismounted and approached the lead woman, speaking in Morish, the stilted Lingua Franca of the Midderhelm, "Do not fear me human. If I release you, will you and your fellows not run off for a minute?"

The woman nodded.

I went over to the corpse of the swordsman, knelt, and dug my hands through his pockets. After a second my fingers closed around a bunch of keys. I went to each of the women and unlocked their bonds. One of them ran to the dead body and dealt it a fierce kick.

The woman I'd spoken to first to approached me, "Thank you. I don't know what to say. We are in your debt my Orc friend. I am Keladra."

"You owe me nothing Keladra. But if you can, do me the favour of your assistance."

"Anything," Keladra said.

"First, can you tell me the way to the Tower of Zargorn?"

A shadow passed across her face, "It is a day's ride north-east of here, but I urge you not to go that way."
