 I had been walking for about eight hours, another three to go before I reached the point where I would be nearer my destination than my car which I hoped would be OK in the park. I decided it was time to set up camp for the night. I first lit a fire and started a stew going that would do me breakfast and lunch the next day, then set to work on the tent and ensured I had enough wood for a hot drink in the morning. I didn't mind washing with cold water but I did enjoy my hot coffee which many of my friends suspected me of mainlining with!

I slept well. Eight ours of walking will do that for you, especially if carrying even a moderately heavy pack. I then got out my book, the only luxury as regards it's weight against practicality that I had. I hadn't even bothered to take my mobile as I knew there would be no signal during my hike.

Walking was something I had always done, even aged nine growing up in Broughty Ferry, Dundee, I would walk along the beach of the Tay estuary to Barry Budden, sometimes finding a spot to fish on the way back. Today, my parents were they alive, would not allow it. This isn't because of the risk of paedophiles but rather the risk of crossing the roads with the increased traffic.

It was also how I coped with emotions, the first time I split up with a girl, when my dad died, when my mum died a few months later, I walked for hours and when I returned everything would be, well not OK but I felt a lot better. Sometimes I cried as I walked, sometimes I didn't. This time I my eyes were dry, I had done all that with my fiancée before she died of cancer and in many ways it was a relief. If it happens to me I am going to Switzerland, either to the clinic or to walk off into the mountains and not return.

But, I was and still am fit and healthy, indeed, I was still as fit as during my time with the SAS who would make us walk/jog with Bergens filled with rocks. On one of the selection events a couple of men died. Looking back on it, yes those in charge were negligent but so were the two men who died. If they had stocked up on water when the could have, neither would have overheated the way they did.

Now, I think back to those times with mixed feelings. Why carry rocks when you could carry safety gear or water? Seems a bit stupid to me but then walking alone across one of the few areas of wilderness left in UK without letting anyone know where I had gone was probably not right at the top in terms of sensibility! But then, any of the people I could have asked to come with me would have slowed me down and we would have had to carry extra weight in terms of food. That was my excuse. The reality was I just needed to be on my own.

I started down the far side of the Munroe I had climbed without seeing anyone else doing the same. (During peak season they can get busy.) There was a Marilyn (A peak over two thousand feet) still to come and some did try and succeed in completing all of them as well having done the Munroes but this was one of the most remote and the chances of anyone being there were low.

I was lucky with the weather. 

Someone once said, "There is no such thing as bad weather, just the wrong clothing." I doubt if they have experienced the worst weather Scotland can throw at a walker!

As it was, I was carrying the clothing to cope with bad weather and enjoying the fact that I didn't need it. I made my way carefuly down the gully knowing that if I did fall and sprain an ankle, I would have to get myself out because no one was coming to get me.

I turned North past the next hill and could see a number of standing stones. They were marked on the map but were far enough away from any roads that they didn't attract the visitors Stonehenge or even the circles on Orkney did. As I followed the valley, I had an uneasy feeling between my shoulder-blades. I had learned to respect such feelings, a couple of times, they had saved my own and colleagues lives.

I altered my route to make myself less visible while making it easier for me to observe what was around me. As soon as I found somewhere with good cover I took out my scope and started looking around.

My ears were reaching out though I could hear nothing but the cries of eagle chicks demanding to be fed. The sound went straight through me and if I had been able to feed them myself I would have if only to silence them! I love nature but there are some sounds that are so demanding they pull on emotions you don't even know you have before hearing them.

I didn't find anything untoward but the feeling didn't go away. I decided out in the desert that if that happened there was probably a threat but one without our name on it that day. Since the first time it saved my life and that of another half dozen squadies, I always paid attention to it. I carried on paying attention to cover and thought of myself as inconspicuous and not worthy of attention.

An American Indian from the Yanks taught me that. He said that if you broadcast your presence with your mind, you are much more likely to be found. He also told me that less than one in ten of those he tried to teach it to could do it but it really worked. When in debriefings, I really didn't feel like talking about what I had seen I would use it and the boss would forget about asking me. I don't pretend to understand it. I even managed to teach one of my mates how to do it. When we took part in escape and evasion exercises it earned us the nickname of the ghosts.

I decided that right now ghosts was not something I wanted to be thinking about I stopped and looked down at the stones. I could have sworn there was a naked body down there.

Placing my pack where it would be sheltered from rain should any come unexpectedly I set about crawling the last two hundred yards to the stones. I really didn't want to be seen. Ever crawled two hundred yards, sticking to cover the whole time? It takes longer than you might think! About an hour later I arrived and there was a girl/woman, maybe a year or two younger than me tied to the ground by ropes made of animal skins. She was breathing but only just.

I thanked my lucky stars that I always carried a knife when doing these walks. Habit from my SAS days. Even in a camp when my gun might be in the armoury, I always carried a knife and a couple of times, just as well!

I cut the skins with the razor sharp edge thinking that I would have broken what nails I had long before getting the knots untied. 

I looked into her eyes,

"I won't hurt you but we need to get away before whoever did this comes back."

She nodded, her body showed signs of dehydration and I offered her some of my water along with a glucose tablet. I didn't think about what she might look like once she had eaten and washed but right then to me she held as much sex interest as a wet fish.

I know that in Iraq and other places some from all sides seemed to get a kick of having sex with people who were inches away from dying but, I was never able to understand them. I didn't even see the attraction in sex with a healthy woman against her will, though I could get turned on by a healthy specimen easily enough.

There was no way she was in a fit state to crawl through the heather and bracken. It was time to forget the slow and steady motto for a while. I told her I was going to pick her up and carry her to where my pack was and see what I could find for her to wear. Despite her small size, she was heavier than she looked.

A sweat shirt, some cam trousers that had a draw string to tie them up with the legs turned up, a pair of my socks over some bandages to protect her feet which then still fitted into my spare size tens! She would still get blisters if she walked any distance but it was better than the alternatives.

"Can you walk?"

She nodded, bravely.

"We are going to head to where I camped last night and head back to my car." It took me a full day from the camp but it might take the two of us a bit longer.

We made it back to the camp area but it took a lot longer than it had for me to come the other way on my own. If we hadn't been so far North and or been still well before the autumn equinox, it would have been dark. As it was there was enough light for me to set the tent up, get a hot meal cooked and more in hope than expectation set up a few illegal snares to try and get us some meat to last us the journey back.

In many ways, it was so like Iraq and a few places where we weren't officially there as well. A bit like rescuing a fallen comrade but this time, not someone I knew or who had done a lot of the same training as myself. More like a couple of occasions where we went in to get hostages out.

And I didn't have a clue who the enemy was. I found that most frustrating.

She ate with a spoon while I took the fork and it was good to see at least a semblance of colour coming back into her cheeks. After nine hours including breaks with her complete silence, it was a shock when she spoke.

"You have made some powerful enemies you know."

I felt a brief surge of anger pass through me. I pushed it down. She didn't deserve to be the brunt of it.

"Whoever tied you up made me their enemy. I don't like to see people treated like that whether it is ISIS, the Americans or even our own forces doing it."

I stopped realising I had interrupted her and that she had more to say.

"I was the sacrifice that was going to bring them even more power."

"In that case, I am really glad I found you. The idea of people who could do that to another human being getting any power scares me.

My mind wandered back to Fishing Bear and his teaching me to still my mind and I found myself convinced that she was right and that I did need to be very careful till this threat was eliminated or at least knocked down to a level where it would not rear its head again for many years.

"What do we do next?" I asked, accepting that right now I knew enough to potentially get myself in a lot of trouble if I hadn't already done so and not an iota more.

"We go to my sisters." She laughed for the first time.

"One of them really is my sister. There we can teach you in safety what you need to know. After that remains to be seen. I know you can be trusted but you will be the first man in over seven hundred years to enter the temple of the sisters."

Before we turned in, I checked her feet. I realised then that some of my earlier precautions had been unnecessary. They were like those of an African woman who walked fifteen miles in bare feet each day to collect water. It was only at this point I remembered my manners and introduced myself. 

"I am Dave or Leaping salmon as Bear used to call me. What would you like me to call you?"

"For formal occasions such as when I upset my mother I am Isabelle. Izzy will do for most of the time. I am sure you will be able to tell the difference in the Temple."

We slept together and on waking to the subdued light inside the tent, I smiled, thinking that seventy-two hours after burying my fiancée was not the time-scale I had in mind for sharing my bed with another. Not that either of us took advantage of the situation! We were both so tired that we slept the deep sleep of the just or perhaps that should have been, "of the only just able to make it as far as the bed."

The next morning, we made good time having jettisoned anything we could. Izzy really surprised me by her powers of recuperation which I was later to learn were a gift given to the Druid priestesses.

On reaching the car, on Izzy's instructions I drove back to the A9 and then up to Aviemore. We then took the A939 past Cock Bridge and up over the Lecht where we took a track that looked like it hadn't been used in a couple of years and then stopped at the edge of a wooded area.

In the centre of the wood, was perhaps the most beautiful building I have ever seen or ever will see. It was made with a wood exterior around a layer of cob with a cob stove and oven near the centre. The large windows were all triple glazed and gave it a feeling of lightness and air. 

I noted that the temple looked newer than seven hundred years old.

Izzy picked up on my look and answered my unasked question,

"The temple has moved a number of times over the years. This one is about twenty years old." She raised her voice,

"Sisters, I bring a visitor!"

A dividing curtain was pulled back and eight women, all barefoot, wearing long cotton skirts and shirts varying from plain white to brightly coloured came through to what was clearly a communal area. None seemed surprised but then as I was to learn, it was rare for any of them to seem surprised at anything unless you were really good at picking up minute clues.

They varied in age from about twenty-two to about forty at a guess but every one of them was attractive and would have been described by my mates in the SAS as eminently fuckable. 

Anna, the oldest in the group introduced herself then said,

"First we eat. Afterwards, I am sure you both want to bathe, then we can think about how we are going to protect ourselves and the world against the danger of the dark."

A ninth woman then entered through a door from what was obviously the kitchen area carrying a large pot of what turned out to be venison stew. It was thick with vegetables, potatoes and of course the meat and as well as being piping hot, it was flavoured with warming spices. The bread to go with it was just as good and fresh from the oven.

Anna spoke again,

"As we eat these fruits of The Earth we give thanks and remember those who do not have enough to eat."

There was something about the sincerity of her words that brought to mind all those I had seen in different parts of the world, From Belize, to London and Paris to the Middle East who were really desperate and I found my eyes moistening.

They say that hunger is the best sauce but the quality of this simple fare was a close second.

When we had finished eating, Anna told us,

"Ella has prepared the bathing area for you."

This felt as much like an instruction as it was a statement of fact and Izzy took my hand to encourage me in the right direction. There was one large bath, big enough for four or five people never mind two and it was built as part of the cob oven that seemed to almost be the heart of this beautiful house. 

With no sign of embarrassment, Izzy started getting undressed. Deciding that it was fine to follow the, "When in Rome" policy, I did the same. I observed her body, and while I appreciated her beauty from a sexual angle, I was taking more note of her strength. In poor light, when suffering from two days of having been staked out, on the ground, it wasn't obvious, now it was clear she did as much physical work as I did to keep in that shape.

Beautiful as she was, I wasn't ready for a sexual relationship so soon after the death of the person who was going to be my life partner and I had unusually for UK been brought up to see nudity and sex as not automatically going together every time.

At Izzy's invitation I washed her dark hair which came down almost to her butt, running my fingers through it to get rid of the tangles it had gained over three days of roughing it. Strangely, I found this even more sensual than playing with her breasts would have been. Having finished, I lifted her hair up and gently kissed the back of her neck.

As I did so, I felt some kind of shock run through my body, a bit like but different from electricity. From Izzy's reaction I knew that she had felt it too. Clean after more than ninety minutes in the water we got out before we actually turned into prunes. We hadn't spoken the whole time we were in there and at still wordlessly we picked up the warm towels and dried ourselves off. We then donned simple white robes that had been left for us. I wondered why they had any in my size as none of the women were close to my size in height or in bulk.

We came back out into the main area to find everything had been cleared and washed. We were each given an earthenware vessel containing a herb flavoured mead which unlike some I had tasted in the past did not seem intended as cough mixture. It had a warmth and richness of flavour that wasn't in any of the commercial offerings I had tried.

We sat down in a circle and as I expected Anna started the circle.

"We welcome Dave or Leaping salmon to our number"

She held a polished curved stick in her hand.

"I am Anna, High Priestess of our Druid community here. We have be as a community been caring for the Earth for many years. Over that time we have seen different threats come and go. My role in the community is to nurture our group and to ensure we are strong enough for what is asked of us."

She passed the stick to her Right and the next woman who looked to have her origins in West Africa spoke in a broad Yorkshire accent,

"I am Alice, My mother was once a sister in this community after the death of my father. It was my mother who first discerned the current threat to our Mother Earth."

And so as the stick was passed each person introduced themselves. When it came to my turn, I was unsure as to what to say but started anyway.

"I am Dave, I have seen more of the dark side of human nature than I would like. When I found Isabelle, I was walking which is what I do to deal with just about any strong emotion. Had I not felt some presence watching me, I probably would have walked past the stones without looking. 

I don't pretend to understand all this but I do believe that there is a powerful evil behind Izzy's abduction and attempted sacrifice. When we bathed, there was some form of bond or link that formed or maybe was confirmed that I don't get at all but suspect it may be important soon."

It was Izzy's turn next and her voice had a confidence to it which I had not known among those I had been involved in rescuing from hostage situations. I also mused that she had not shown either of the reactions which often came. Those of being scared of any man and that of offering sex to the rescuer. I unlike a few of those I had served with, had always managed to resist the temptation to accept these offers, though I did once say to the woman involved that is she still wanted a relationship in a years time and I was still single then we could check in with each other and see if we could make it work. In fact she had sent me a letter, which was embarrassing in its praise for my taking that ethical stance.

I realised I had missed the start of Izzy's turn but had only missed her saying her name.

"I came here because I felt a calling to care for the earth. Before that I had been trying to do it through political action but much as I felt and still feel that that is needed I decided that it wasn't fulfilling to me and I don't have the right sort of strength for the political life. It was four days ago that four men stopped when I was cycling back from the village and forced me into the back of their van. They kept me in a small cottage tied up for a day before driving me out to the stones where they tied me to stakes driven into the ground. 

There is much that I do not understand about why our caring for the earth is such a threat to some of those in power. But make no mistake, these are people who have a lot of power over others, judges politicians and business men who are making billions of pounds out of destroying The Earth."

Anna, then called the meeting to a close and said that we would meat again after we had broken fast in the morning.

There were eight sleeping rooms so Izzy and I were not the only two sleeping together but I didn't know if all the rooms were in use or not. I had started to suspect that one day Izzy and I would be making love but neither of us were ready for it then but there was something strongly comforting about sharing a bed that night.

The next morning, Izzy led me around the small holding that supported the community. We fed the chickens and other livestock as well as mucking out where needed. It was good honest work and when we came back inside we were ready for breakfast.
