 Chapter "A"

"Night Thunder"

(Present Day)

His hand slammed down upon the solid oak table as lighting ripped through the clouds! Sitting isolated at the table within his sanctuary in the sky his frustration were taking over all his thoughts. How much longer he thought could they hide her from him. What good was all his power if he could not find her? He knew the battle was coming, but his mind was consumed by the thoughts of her, the need for her. 

The villagers looked up into the midnight sky as lighting tore throughout the clouds. Their children cried in terror and men tried to hide the fear in their eyes from the woman. High above them the lighting continued, the thunder boomed in the skies and then as suddenly as it had started, it ended. 

The black sky was suddenly bright with light as twin oak doors flew open and he walked out. As he approached the golden statue his eyes blazed red seeming to pierce the very night as the doors behind him closed. He had found her, now they would pay.

Chapter One

"Traveler"

(Year: 1050)

His emerald eyes looked down at his people, after so long he had finally returned to the home of his clan. He had traveled long and far and learned many things and now he wanted a home. Since he had left he had grown from a boy into a tall strong man. His body was hard muscle, strong and taunt from his travels. His long brown hair blew into his eyes as he pushed it back and then started on his task. Using his muscle and magic he placed the first stone to his home within this special location he had selected. This would be his place, a place of peace.

A week later he rested in the grass staring at his new home. He had just placed the last stone upon the rampart. At least the building part of it was finished. It was made of hard stone perfectly placed together and filled with magic to protect it from the outside world. It would protect him while he slept as well as any item he placed within its walls. A shadow crossed his face blocking out the sun. Looking up he expected to possible see one of the villagers who lived about five miles off but was surprised to see her standing there. There was something different about her. He could feel it as he jumped up. Sweat was streaming down his bear muscular chest he faced her. His eyes flashing green lighting as he looked her up and down.

She was shorter than him. A brown robe with a hood covered her body. The cowl cast a shadow across her face as he tried to fathom what she looked like. The robe was slightly open revealing dark skin beneath it as well as her ample cleavage. He studied her as she studied him electricity jumped between them. His eyes were locked onto her hands as she reached up and removed the hood revealing raven black hair framing a golden face. At first her eyes were hooded then she looked up at him as he took an involuntary step backwards. Two eyes of pure gold stared back at him. Neither eye had an iris. Both orbs were totally golden. She smiled at him seeing the unease within him. Perhaps for the first time in his long life he was unsure of himself. She pause a moment letting him grow accustomed to her eyes then spoke. "I am known as the Traveler. I have been looking for you for a long time. So long that it seems like forever. But now that I have found you I can rest for awhile. I know you have many questions but first my we go inside and eat, I have been traveling long." Still not sure of what was going on but feeling comfortable with his powers he took her inside his home. Once inside they sit and eat neither talking until they had finished.

After the meal he took her to the main room. She smiled at him as they sit as he couldn't take his eyes off her deep golden eyes. Suddenly she was no longer in the chair across from him. Looking about he saw her looking out the window as she turned back towards him smiling again. "Young Master I have done what I came here to do. Later when you search your mind you will find new knowledge that I have placed there which will help you in the future. I am also leaving you a copy of the ancient book of knowledge. But these gifts come with a price. Now young Master I need your help. I need you to help me restore my power." She stated. Not yet realizing what she was talking about he watched as she turned towards him and removed her robe. Beneath the robe she wore nothing. Her breast stood proud. Nipples hard and pointed. Her supple stomach moved slightly her breathing controlled somewhat in anticipation of what was to come. As his eyes flowed down her body he saw that her womanhood bore no hair which surprised him. He was used to seeing the tufts of hair covering that most pleasurable place. But he had to admit it was a very inviting look.

He had seen other women before but he had been with a woman. He could have had many of the women if he had wanted to but something had stopped him each time. The Traveler's naked body came toward him as he stood up to greet her. As she came into his arms it was his turn to surprise her as she looked around them realizing they were in his bedroom as he kissed her for the first time. As the kiss deepened she took his hand placing it upon her nipple making him squeeze it... hard. They fell back into the bed as she pushed his head down to her breast. He suckled her breast then bit her nipple as she moaned in pleasure. His hand slid down her body as he felt her wetness as one of his fingers entered her cunt and was rewarded with another moan. "More!" she gasped as he obeyed and slide a second finger into her. She pushed herself against his fingers as her hand reached into his pants encircling his hard cock.

Pushing him back she turned her back to him placing his cock against the puffy lips of her pussy as he entered her. Entering her stars exploded within his head as time stop around them. The night seemed to last forever and he not only lost his virginity but learned many things. The art of flogging, how to use clamps on the body. How heat and ice affected the body. The use of ropes for bonding another. The art of fucking not only a cunt but the ass and mouth. Above all the Traveler taught him how to please a woman using many different items. During this single magical night he learned to use all of these items. Another lesson he came to understand was that the slave was to please him but in doing that the slave was also pleased.

She rode him hard. His cock once again slamming into her. How many times had he filled her with his seed this night? By the gods she loved him ramming his hard cock into her. Now would be the time to take this to another level. Looking deep into his eyes she sucked his soul out of him then returned it to him. He gasped in amazement. Then staring deep into her eyes he took her soul. Throwing his head back he groaned loudly as the sensations crashed through his body as he felt everything she was feeling. He could feel his dick sliding in and out of her... his pussy. Feel the lips moving back and forth, the feel of him... her rubbing against their clit. The feeling was overwhelming as he returned her soul. At that moment he made a mental note to himself that this was a trick he wanted to us over and over. The Traveler smiled to herself; this one is a fast leaner she thought.

As he rowed off her laying on the bed he felt spent as he felt her move next to him. Looking over at her he wondered how he had gotten so lucky to meet another with power like him. Then suddenly he felt her tongue licking his cock again as she took the head into her mouth. There was no way he thought as suddenly he felt himself becoming hard again. By the gods this woman had enchanted him he thought as his hand grabbed her thick raven hair. He felt his hardness slide down her throat as his eyes went back into his head. She tickled his balls as he felt them tighten then he was there as he shot another load down her throat. She sucked him until he was empty then sliding up his body with a well satisfied look on her face she kissed him then laid down next to him.

He awoke the next morning to him and was amazed at what he had learned. The night seemed to have lasted for days or perhaps even months. He wasn't sure. But what he had been taught amazed him. He felt her get out of the bed as she put her robe back on. Reaching for her he wanted more but she stepped away from him. Turning she smiled down at him as he gazed upon her. Those golden eyes no longer bothering him. "Learn all you can young Master." She stated then bent down and kissed him softly. After the kiss he opened his eyes and was gone like a dream. Getting out of the bed quickly he dressed quickly and went outside. Looking about he suddenly stopped and stared. A tree he had planted only yesterday was now firmly rooted and looked to be over a year old.

The Story Continues...