 *Full Disclaimer: This erotica is meant for Lesbian women!! However, you are welcome to read regardless of gender and orientation* 

*****

"Goodnight, Celestial," two voices rang out in perfect harmony. Celestial and her parents had been stationed to the earth to guard the precious humans that were God's creation. They lived in the outskirts of the sky, the land of the morning star. Celestial was just a regular angel, her parents archangels. Yet, she was keeping a very sinister secret. 

Celestial lowered herself into bed, taking gentle precaution to keep her wings that she had just acquired intact. God had presented them to her as a gift for all of her service. Her halo was dim, but it still shined above her head. A marking of a true angel.

She heard the door creak open softly and close with a gentle thud. She felt a heavy feeling envelop her body, not necessarily a bad one. A wave of excitement rushed over her, something that she was not supposed to feel as an angel. 

"Celaaa." She felt a pair of soft lips brush against her earlobe. "Celaaa." The whispering continued. 

"Why are you teasing me? Come out of the darkness so that I can see you." 

She opened her eyes to be met with large green orbs that bore deep into her soul. 

"I've missed you, Lucy." 

Celestial wrapped her arms around Lucy's neck.

"I've missed you too baby girl. You look really good." 

Lucy's words came out sweetly, like milk and honey. Celestial ran her fingers through Lucy's short blonde hair. 

"I don't know what I want right now." 

"You're not supposed to want things.. You are an angel. I knew that when I was still permitted in Heaven." 

Lucy planted spine-tingling kisses on Celestial's neck. Celestial moaned softly, unsure of her actions. 

"What is this that I am feeling? Tell me, you must know." 

"This is lust. A feeling that God doesn't allow you to have. It is the kind of feeling that does not come about unless someone spurrs it on in you." 

Lucy lightly gripped Celestial's halo with two hands and placed it on the nightstand table by the bed. 

"You can put it on in the morning when I leave."

"Can't you stay here?" 

"Why don't I just.. make you feel good for tonight. I'll come back again tomorrow." 

"Feel good?" 

"Shhhh." 

Lucy hissed out, traveling her hands down to Celestial's breasts. Lucy gently pulled Celestial's white silk slip off, exposing her perfect breasts with soft nipples. 

"Does God not see all?" 

"With your halo on, yes he does." 

Lucy kissed down to Celestial's breasts, licking and kneading the soft mounds of joy. Celestial moaned softly, arching into Lucy's touch. She takes one of Celestial's rosy nipples into her mouth, sucking on the tender flesh. 

"A-a-ah" 

Celestial's breath wavered as she leaned into Lucy's touch. Lucy's caresses burning her skin, making marks of.. the devil. 

"I don't know what this is, but please... don't stop. Keep touching me. Keep touching me." 

Celestial was surprised at her own words as Lucy's glowing green eyes winked at her. 

"I watch you every day you know." 

Lucy breathed into Celestial's ear, moving down to kiss her shoulders. Lucy's velvety pink lips left a trail down Celestial's body until they reached her pussy. 

"I've tasted many things, but I've longed to taste your pussy, to have you in my mouth. I could smell you as soon as I came in here." 

Lucy moaned out, trailing a finger up and down Celestial's body. 

"You're soaking wet." 

She rubbed her fingers up and down Celestial's soft lips, breathing cool air on her pussy softly. 

"I bet God never told you that this kind of touch existed." 

Lucy touched Celestial's pussy softly, and brought her fingers up to her nose. 

"No, no one has." 

"Open your legs." 

Lucy said lovingly, as she licked a stripe up Celestial's pussy. Celestial moaned softly, her hands finding a home in Lucy's soft, blonde curls. 

"More, please" 

"Oh baby, you don't have to say please. I'll always give."

Lucy lapped her tongue in and out of Celestial's warm, wet folds. Lucy felt her own pussy throb. 

"You taste so good, like strawberries." 

Lucy kept licking Celestial, enjoying Celestial's sweet essence which covered her lips in waves of pearly fluid. 

"Give me more of you, I want to taste more of you" 

Lucy slipped a finger into Celestial's pussy. It slid in easily and Lucy moaned. 

"I am cold and yet hot" 

Celestial moaned, and closed her eyes. She felt a warm feeling wash over her as a pair of wings enveloped her. Celestial felt a feeling accumulate in her breasts and pussy, a feeling that she had never experienced before. Yet she so eagerly wanted something. Something was building in her, and she wanted whatever it was to happen so badly. 

"Open your eyes"

Celestial's eyelids fluttered open and she was met with Lucy hovering over her, fingers plunging into her pussy and rubbing her clit in slow circles. The two were surrounded by Lucy's majestic, black wings. 

"I, I d-don't k-know w-wha -what?" 

"Just let it happen, baby, just let it happen." 

Lucy softly whispered into Celestial's ear, smirking. Her green eyes glowing in the darkness. 

Celestial felt Lucy's delectable tongue on her breast again. She moaned this was it. Whatever it was, it was going to happen. 

"Come, come now." 

Celestial's body shook, as she felt herself being transported to a whole range of feelings. A whole plane of existence that she had never been to before. She felt her whole body tingle, and her cheeks flush, her nipples erect, her pussy swollen and wet. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Celestial cried out, hugging Lucy close to her. Feeling her body throb with joy and her mind expand with the knowledge of pleasure. 

Lucy stroked Celestial's hair as she fell asleep, Celestial cuddled up into Lucy's breasts. 

"That feels so good baby." Celestial muttered out, cuddling deeper into Lucy's breasts.

"God could never make you feel this good." 

*****

My apologies for the delay in writing everyone! University has been busy. This story was inspired by a religion class I have been taking recently, I've always been intrigued! Let me know if you want to see part two!!