 Surprisingly, I am back with another part to this series. I can only thank the few readers that have commented and again RUWild for the encouragement to continue. I am very happy that my writing can entertain the people that it has so far. Hopefully, I will improve and I can provide good stories for a larger audience. So please, honest constructive criticism is greatly appreciated and desired. I hope you all had a Happy Thanksgiving and look forward to any comments or suggestions for my next stories. Thanks again!

*****

The Demon Queen led her captive deeper into the basement rooms of the town hall. They emerged in a room that held four cameras, one in each corner. The room itself was bathed in a soft light that enhanced the play of muscles under her smooth red skin. The air was scented with some strange incense that made Joshua feel drunk and relaxed. Her violet eyes glowed brightly in the shadows as she pulled Joshua gently to the center of the room then stood before him. With a flip of her long black hair, she turned from him and faced one of the cameras. 

She smiled as she seductively dropped the gossamer black robe that barely concealed her dark red body. Joshua's breath caught in his throat as the most flawless ass was revealed. She stepped out of the puddle of robe and slowly turned to face the young preacher.

His gaze locked on to the infernal radiance of her violet eyes as he fought the urge to fall to his knees then and there. He was aware that all four cameras were capturing every moment of his torment. He felt his will weaken before the Queen. He tried to recall any inspiring thought or soul strengthening scripture that would save him but nothing emerged from his lust clouded mind to sheild him against the growing desire to worship the flawless body towering before him. The world would see him fall. Both he and the Queen already knew the outcome of this encounter. He was helpless in her lair, before her magnificent body so powerful, so dark, so wickedly seductive.

The world watched breathlessly as the two faced each other. The Demon Queen poised majestically over the smaller weaker mortal before her.

In a clear, strong, commanding voice she spoke to the young man soon to be taken in sacrifice to her unholy lust but her message was for the world she and her army would soon claim. "I know your struggle, your weakness, your futile search for purpose."

Sizing up the young preacher, "Yes, young one," She said with satisfaction. "I feel your desire." 

Joshua's face reddened knowing his unspoken and perverse lust was exposed to the world. He shuddered and seemed to become even smaller before the power of the Queen. His eyes moved down her body past the enormous round breasts capped by hard black nipples, down the ripped flat stomach to rest between her shapely red thighs to the part of her that was the true symbol of her dominance.

"Yes" she smiled, "I see you staring. You know what you want. You long for this.." She stroked her hard cock sensually for her prisoner's lustful stare. "You want me to take you, force myself inside you. Give you the excuse that you were taken against your will. But, my pet that will not be how this is to be played."

Stepping to the wall behind her, she turned back to face the preacher. "You will fall on your hands and knees and crawl to me," She commanded. "You will reverently grasp me in your hands and guide me into your mouth and in doing so declare to the world your surrender and acceptance of me inside of your body. Before the eyes of the world, you will service me and swallow my cum allowing my corruption to spread through your body to your very soul. Only then will I take you and fuck your virgin ass. Everyone on the planet will witness your submission to the true ruler of this realm and know that their champion of moral goodness and virtue has fallen to the pleasures of my cock."

Joshua's shoulder slumped knowing he could not deny the Queen. Knowing soon the world would see her use him for her sexual satisfaction. The camera caught his hungry yet despairing stare as his eyes never left her cock while she spoke.

After a deep breath, the young preacher whimpered pitifully before the Queen. "Why are you doing this to my world?"

The Queen smiled down at the young man. "Your world?" She chuckled. "Your world is a shambles. You all struggle for power. You fight, steal, kill, lie and die for dominance that spans only a fleeting lifetime. You try to subjugate your fellow man by force, or promised riches or treachery and manipulation. Your population is overrunning this world as you breed without care. It is your place to be on your knees. Most of you only desire a purpose for your lives. You long for relief from the heavy and endless burden of the freedom of choice. You desire someone to make all your troublesome choices for you and use you for their pleasure. You searched all these centuries in vain for someone to rule you completely. You crave a symbol of perfect power, dominance and promised pleasure." 

The Demon Queen ran her fingers down her own cock. A single drop of clear pre-cum glistened like crystal at the tip. Joshua's groan of desire was caught by the cameras for the world to witness. "Here is the symbol you all desire. The hard flesh of our cocks as we will feed your bodies with our cum. We will complete your need for surrender and bring you the joy of being filled at any moment when the desire strikes us. Your world was made to be ruled by me and my minions."

She walked past her four disciples, taking one of their ebony cocks into her caress. "We will give you a true purpose. You all will work together for the good of my kingdom here on earth and to offer your bodies to our every desire. From now on, the sex you have will be from us. Your population will dwindle over time to a level this world can sustain properly. Your wars will cease. Your petty differences lost as you all share the same station on your knees or backs satisfying us. The most perfect of your women will bare my daughters who will go out to the corners of this earth to rule in my name. I will have my choice of your men to satisfy my every carnal whim or toss aside to my minions as I see fit."

Returning to stand before the preacher she continued with her arms outstretched and welcoming to the young man. "Now, you only need to fall upon your hands and knees before me. Come to me as the willing slave you know yourself to be. Accept me into your body and show the world it's proper place through your example, my dear preacher." 

Joshua stared in open mouthed hunger for the cock only feet from him. He knew the truth of her words. He was certain she already knew his secret desires when he first heard of the infected women and their unnatural sexual aggressiveness. He heard the stories of men forced down into dark corners, into beds or bathroom stalls, down behind bushes or even in the middle of the street before the eyes of friends and neighbors as their mouths and asses were taken and used. She knew and now has exposed to every remaining person on earth his long hidden desire to be one of those men. 

His head swam with decadent images of the Demon Queen thrusting that hard massive cock deep inside his ass. He shuddered, drunk with the desire. For a moment, he glanced at the cameras knowing millions still looked to him as their champion, their one last hope for a good and moral world. He felt the hot shame of his betrayal of all those lost pure souls. Queen and preacher both knew as did the rest of the world watching the confrontation that her beautiful red body and commanding will could not be denied. The mortal had no choice, no chance to resist. His head bowed in defeat as his weak legs buckled, he slowly dropped to his knees and then to his hands. 

His shame filled eyes rose to see the Queen's cock beckon to him, that perfect shaft of muscle, veins and supple red skin drawing him towards his doom. His mouth opened in wanton lust as he crawled hand over hand, knee over knee to the feet of his Queen, his conqueror. The Queen watched with satisfaction and growing lust as that sweet, pure young man brought that warm, welcoming mouth closer and closer. It was all she could do not to grab that blond head and ram her cock down his throat. 

Joshua looked up one last time into those hellishly radiant purple eyes. Those eyes that now condemned him to an eternity of damnation and perverse sexual pleasures and servitude. Dreams of a loving wife, children, a happy marriage faded from his thoughts and with a resigning sigh, the young preacher's last moral restraint faded as he gave himself over to his Queen's will.

Trembling pale fingers traced over the throbbing hardness of her flesh. He felt the heat of infernal fires stinging his fingertips as he caressed and explored. With one last sigh of contentment, the preacher guided his Queen past his lips and into his mouth. His breathing became labored with need as her shaft slid over his tongue and probed the back of his mouth. As the head of her cock reached and rubbed the back of his throat his natural swallowing reflex took over and pulled her down his esophagus. She tasted of smoke, sugar and salt as he ran his tongue along her stiff flesh.

He knew what was expected of him, what his Queen desired. He relaxed his throat muscles and sucked her deeper and harder. His need for her cum drove him into a mad lunge to take all of her inside his throat at one time. Saliva coated his lips and chin as he bobbed his head along the length of her cock. Finally giving into her desires, the queen grasped her new slave's head and viciously thrust down his throat relishing the tight constricting sleeve of flesh gripping her, milking her for her cum. The fallen preacher massaged her enormous balls tempting her to spray their contents down into his stomach.

The Queen bent her shapely legs as she grasped her victim's head slamming that amazing mouth up into her cock as she rocked her hips down, fucking his mouth and throat harder and faster. Her heavy balls slapping the young man's spit coated chin and neck. Joshua had sank into his own world of unnatural sexual depravity as his hands caressed her perfect, round ass while allowing her to vent her savage, animal desires on his body. The four cameras caught every thrust, captured in high definition the flex and stretch of her spit covered shaft as it pistoned faster and faster through the mortal's lips.

Completely overwhelmed by the animal savageness of his Queen, Joshua's hands dropped senselessly to the floor as the Demon pulled his face deep into her crotch. With a primal cry of triumph, her cum shot down the fallen preacher's throat into his stomach where it spread it's corruption throughout his body.

All over the world, a growing multitude of men and women watched their once perfect hope of innocence and purity with growing envy. Many in that moment wanted nothing more than to be in Joshua's place, at the feet of their Queen, worshipping her cock with their mouths, tongues and throat. They were panting with the need to accept the reward of her seed filling their stomachs and taking their true place in her kingdom.

As the last of her cum emptied into her victim, the Queen slipped out of Joshua's lips and the young man collapsed on the floor in a heap. The Queen, with her body relaxed from her exertions, skin gleaming with sweat, walked around the exhausted young preacher. The sight of the pale muscular ass so vulnerable and ripe caused her cock to swell ready to again defile that once pure young man. 

The cameras recorded the scene from every angle as she grabbed his hips and pulled his tight ass up into the air and onto his knees. With one hand she grabbed the back of her new slave's neck, pinning his upper body to the floor. Her other hand pried ass cheeks apart as she once again bent her powerful legs to guide her cock into his helpless body.

Joshua screamed in wide eyed shock and pain straight into the lens of one of the cameras as she speared past the futile resistance of his anal ring. Once inside him, her vile cum deadened the pain and filled his body with a flood of hormones that sent waves of forbidden pleasure coursing through his frail human form. With ease, she sank deep into his upturned ass as the cameras caught every inch of red cock as it vanished into the trembling flesh of her slave. 

A look of intense pleasure and satisfaction played across the Queen's delicate features as she savored the grip of the fallen preacher's ass. His passage was the tightest she had yet to enjoy while in this realm. She used her legs and her sheer body weight to drive her cock relentlessly into the vastly over matched body crumpled beneath her. The grunts of their mating hung in the inscense filled air. The clap of sweat drenched flesh, as her hips collided solidly with his upturned ass cheeks as every sound, every taunt flex of her muscles, every yeilding ripple of his ass caught by the cameras from every conceivable angle and broadcast to a breathless world.

Joshua was swept into a sea of sinful decadent sensations. He felt that amazing shaft of red flesh rubbing his anal passage so deliciously. Every bulging vein seemed to ignite a burst of nerve impulses from his rectum to his brain that made him delirious with pleasure. He moaned like a whore before the world as she filled him so wickedly with each brutal thrust and cried in anguish as she pulled back leaving his soul empty and barren. His shame and sense of loss faded before the overwhelming crash of sexual perversion. His submission to his Queen was complete. She gave a camera a look of pure evil contentment as she continued to drive her hips down into her accepting slave.

As her climax approached the Queen began to slip into an inhuman frenzy of thrashing hips as her red hands held his hips in an inhumanly powerful grip that left red marks on his flesh. Her cries and growls and uttered profanities filled the room as she drove faster and harder to her release. She expected that the young preacher's virgin ass would yield the sweet pleasures but nothing prepared her for just how intense that pleasure truly was. 

Unable to contain her lust, the Demon Queen picked the small human up with supernatural strength and pushed his wide eyed, vacant face into one of the cameras. Her powerful hips flexed and snapped forward wickedly driving her cock deeper into the bowels of her captive while she literally slid his helpless body up and down on her shaft. Her sinfully lush demonic form seemed to grow in size while her victim shrank as she continued to use the mortal in her grasp as the mindless piece of meat he had become.

Once the initial shock of her display of strength and vile desires passed through the young man, his back bent dropping his head and shoulders while his arms and legs dangled and swayed like a rag doll in her grip. She savagely fucked Joshua before the world and with a violent cry she slammed his hips hard into her crotch as jets of her hot cum shot deep and filled the defeated preacher's intestines. He, once again, felt her corruption spread through his body with a sensation that was both soul chilling and infernally hot at the same time. He knew he was damned forever just as he knew he craved more. His desire for her cock drowning out any other rational thought.

The Queen held her slave's semi-conscious form in place as her cum continued to pump into his angelic ass. The four disciples behind her were nearly insane with desire and growing impatience as their hard cocks, dark as midnight, strained and ached at the sight of their Queen dominating the helpless mortal.

After several moments of the most intense pleasure she had ever known had past, the Queen pulled Joshua off of her gleaming red shaft and held him before the camera as her defeated slave. The perverse sexual paradise she had created in his ass still radiated through his body, nearly frying his sensitive brain and spinal cord. Her seed oozed out of his ruined anus and down his dangling legs to fall in a puddle on the floor.Only one clear thought rang over and over in his shattered mind, 'more.' His body too weak to convey his need with even a fading whimper.

With a glance to her disciples who gathered in anticipation. The Queen smiled into the camera as she tossed the mortal like a child's toy to her minions. The four disciples snatched the young man out of the air and he vanished instantly beneath their black, sweat coated bodies. Four cocks violently sought entrance, Joshua was helpless to resist their demanding probes, surrendered himself completely to their ravaging. His arms and legs flailed uselessly as they had their way.

The Queen watched her four lieutenants thrust into his exhausted mouth and no longer pristine ass. Her cock hardened as she witnessed the gang raping of the once pure and morally upright preacher. His acceptance of any cock thrust into him fueled her desire to find more mortals to satisfy her need for sexual release.

With a smile of supreme evil confidence, she looked directly into the camera and into each individual soul of every mortal watching in their homes, offices, or hiding places. With a wink, she uttered the two words that brought fear and hope, dread and desire to the hearts of every uninfected human on the planet.

"You're next."