 There was a man walking in the woods along an old trail. He walked many trails, but this was a new one and was soaking up the richness of the old growths and silence of the moment. He walked for many miles working up a fine sweat and feeling it in his legs. He heard a stream nearby and thought it would be a fine place to take a rest and cool his feet off. 

As he walked towards the stream, he thought he heard something splashing in the water... and as he came into a clearing, he stopped and froze as saw a woman on the edge of the water near a large flat rock. He watched as she went under the water for some time then stood up. He was amazed by what he saw. For when she stood up the water was not as deep as he thought... it only came up to her knees and was transfixed watching the water run down her body with the sun catching it in such a way to make her glow...

He felt a rush of heat sweep over his body and he was aware of the growing bulge in his pants... but he could not move, for fear of startling this woman, and for her beauty had captured him and locked him in place. She sat on the rock with her feet still in the water; he could see the current running around her legs. Her ass looked perfect sitting on that rock, he thought with a smirk, and would look better sitting on his rock... She laid back, her hair spreading naturally behind her looking like silk in the sunlight. He continued to watch as this beauty spread her legs. She started to run her hands over her body, as the sun sank into her. He was breathing hard at this point and felt the rage of a bull pulling at him... but he could still do nothing. 

He could only hope that what he saw was real and that the unknown woman before was truly feeling herself as he would. She moved her hands lower into her blond short trimmed hair that covered the beauty that she was now playing with. Her hands slowing working her clit between her two index fingers as her arms push against her breasts, squeezing them together. She of course knows how to take care of herself, the biting of the lower lip and hard nipples betrayed that feeling to him. Then on the breeze came her little moans and gasps that were slipping through her bitten lip... and seeing her arching back as she let out a low rumble of a sound that match the river flowing faster near the middle was to much for him. His eyes closed, and felt himself flex one and then twice in his pants, and knew the stain that would be there, but God what a site of beauty to behold. He opened his eyes to see that she was not done yet, her fingers moved in rhythm to the small sounds of water washing against the shore. Then slowly moved a hand up her breast, kneading it and pinching a nipple, while her other hand moved up and down on her. She worked slowly at first but hard while her breathing became deep. Her chest raising and falling with her hands working. What seemed like a eternity of breaths, a smile worked over her face and the sound of "Yes!" escaped her lips as her body shook with the pleasure of release. Even he let out a moan as could almost feel the intense release...

But almost regretted the action for she looked over and was watching the tree line for the sound she heard. She sat up, body still wet in the sun, and peered into the shadows. He was pondering what to do, should he stay still and have her find him when she walked over? Or should he approach and try not to scare her. She slid off the rock and entered the water and started moving off in the stream. He stepped out, "No, don't go, please..." He had no idea why he just did that. She froze, dipped into the water up to her neck. 

"Hi, I was hoping you could help me... I'm kind of lost..." he said

She looked at him, not sure what to do...

"I'm BJ, I just heard you swimming over here and thought you might be able to help me out".

She moved closer and looked at him... and smiled... "Sure, where are you trying to go?"

"Just back to the parking lot, I think I went down the wrong trail..." as he looked back over his shoulder...

She stood up in the waist deep water and he turned his head.

She looked at him strangely and asked "Why did you do that? You don't think I am swimming nude do you?"

He looked back and saw the she was in fact wearing a light blue one piece swimsuit. Strange he thought, she must have had it on the rock next to her, and put it on under the water....

"Of course not" He smiled, but the look slowly fell off his face and the look of her face became very intense. She moved closer to him, wading through the water. 

"You're not going to hurt me? Are you?" she asked. 

He wanted to say only if she wanted him to, but said smiling, "No, not at all, just looking for some help is all...". 

She looked at him, "Your hot, why don't you cool off some in the water... its refreshing out here". 

"That is a great idea, I have been walking longer then I planned..." Dropping his day pack and kicking his shoes and socks off, he started to wade into the water. 

She moved closer, "What about those?" pointing to his pants and noticing something that he forgot about. "What is this?" touching his thigh near the inside where a wetness had formed. She ran her finger along the soon to be stain. He looked at her, her eyes never left his; she said "Come deeper ". She moved slowly backwards, deeper in the water. He took a few steps deeper; up to his shins, where she stopped him. She looked slightly upwards into his eyes and kissed him when she moved in very close.

Her lips were moist and warm, her mouth opened slightly and he tasted of her tongue. It was a blissful kiss. Perfect. Her mouth formed to his like it was meant to be, their tongues danced with each other, darting in and out, alluring of things to come. One of his hands found her neck and pulled her closer, while the other did the same on her waist. Her body pressed gently to his, almost molding itself around his while her arms were up and hung around his neck pulling him closer like the current they stood in, softly but with energy underlying.

They stood that way, for what seemed like hours. They kissed a long slow kiss, getting harder, softer, more and more passion building. Her arms started to slowly work their way down. Unbuttoning his shirt and sliding it off his shoulders. Then she lifted his tank top off. Then moving down to his pants, she unzipped them slowly. She looked at him, "sit down and lay back". He obeyed her, and sat down in the stream. She stood before him and he watched her. Her form shimmered in the sun, sparkled like the light on a lake. She lifted her hands and ran them through her hair, shaking it lightly. When she did, the swimsuit feel off like raindrops running down a window. 

He was surprised, but her stunning beauty held his attention. Her blonde hair glowed in the sun, red seemed to streak throughout it. She lowered herself waist deep in the water and reach forward to remove his pants. She pulled them off with ease with the flow of the water and tossed them to the shore with his shirts. Her hands went back under the water and found his junk * ;) I thought this would make you laugh* and started working it slowly. He grew in response and when he did, she submerged herself and he felt himself slowly be engulfed by her mouth. Her hands moved around his chest, flickering across his nipples, while her mouth worked magic. He could see the top of her head break the surface of the stream as she slid his dick in and out of her mouth. She would suck on the head and take him back inside her. Everything he wanted, she was doing. Every move sent jolts of pleasure through his body. He felt like Cumming, but she would change her movement, and that feeling ebbed back some. The pleasure continued, he was always there and ready, but she played him like violin, and never let him. 

The water was chill, but where her body touched and moved against his, it was warm and in some places hot. And yet again the pleasure lasted a very long time, almost to long. Right before he was concerned for her breathing, he felt her move up his body and slide partially out of the water on top of him. Up high enough to be able to slide back down on his manhood. And again, she formed herself around him. Not missing a beat, no bumps, no fumbling. Just right on in and in perfect rhythm. She pushed down on his chest, while her body lifted and lowered itself. He slowly felt her legs as they worked, and rested them on her hips. He could feel the power in her body and she worked. Her endurance seemed to go on and on. Even with the cold of the water, her body kept him warm in every way. She leaned forward and kissed him deeply as she tightened around him. He gasped and moaned. She did not stop. She did let the sound of a rushing river escape her lips as she clamped down on him. Her arms went in the water as she almost curled up on his chest as she continued to fuck him. She sucked his nipple hard. 

He knew she wanted him to cum. But he did not. He smiled. She stopped, sat upright on him and looked at him. She smiled back. A look of pure wickedness sweep across her face. She started to move up and down with a purpose. He laughed at her. She fucked him harder. He bucked back just as hard. No matter how tight she became, or how fast or slow she moved. She could not make him cum. 

She stood up, knowing what he wanted now. She moved over to the rock he had first seen her on and leaned over on it. He moved like a bull towards her and grabbed a shoulder in one hand and a hip in the other. He pushed himself slowly in her and starting to take her. She was his, not the other way around. She wanted it that way, and so did he. Now everything she did was for him, and he for her. He fucked her good. She fucked back just as hard. They took each other like it was their first and last time. He let out a moan like a freight train, and she howled like a storm. But he finally came. She laid across the rock with the sun shining on her, making her look like a sleeping angel. He stood there for a long time running his hands across her back. He stepped back to the shoreline, knowing not to leave the stream just yet. 

He lay back on the beach and felt the warmth of the sun begin to work on him, drying him off. His eyes closed and let it sink in. He had never felt so good, great even. The perfect woman, here on a lost trail, in a stream that is not even on the map. He knew it to be a fantasy. And knew if he opened his eyes, she would be gone. But he did open them, and saw her sitting next to him in the water with a smile of her face filled with happiness and joy. He smiled and she looked at him, and ran a finger along his jaw line.

"Its going to get dark soon, you might want to get started back down to your car." She said.

He continued to look at her, "not without you I'm not." 

"I am not going to go with you, and you know it, and you understand why."

He knew, and understood. But he still asked, "why me?"

She smiled even more. "Your special, in truth and pureness, plus you're a sexy man." She winked at him with that last part. 

"I wont ever see you again will I?" he asked, but knowing the answer. 

"No, but, you will always be a part of me. I have left you with a gift which should impact your life in a most delicious way." She answered with that grin again.

"My clothes still have to dry out, you got me all wet."

"They are dry, but I will be wet because of you for a very long time to come."

"You know my name, will you at least tell me yours?" he asked.

"Jharna" she stood up and started moving deeper into the stream. She looked back at the sun baked man lying on the shore watching her go. She gave him one last smile that would make the world slow down and forever be burned into his mind. As she knew that it would. She disappeared under the water.