 This is actually my first story anywhere online. I have received encouragement from RUWild, one of the best authors online that I have ever read. Hoping that this wonderful person is correct, I am taking the plunge here. As this is my first attempt, I do welcome any constructive criticism. If this story is in any way like another anywhere else please let me know so I can read that story and remove this one if needs be. As far as I know this story is original and only my work. So if you like it enough to save it to your collections at home I am thrilled. If you wish to post it somewhere else online please contact me and let me know and as is only fair to any writer, beginner or experienced, please give us credit for our work. Thank you and with nervous thrill I offer this story for your enjoyment (hopefully).

 One last statement. I wish to thank great writers such as RUWild, VicJohnson, Sugarand Salt, YKN4949 and many others for their inspiring work! I am a true fan of all of you!





Nobody knew how it started, whether it was a corporate lab experiment gone wrong or some new virus that mutated from some existing pathogen. All the major pharmaceutical companies denied responsibility and the government's over paid puppets vowed before any camera they could get in front of, that "they would get to the bottom of this travesty!" Right! Like government ever got to the bottom of anything. But that was the past anyway, our country, hell! The whole damn world has changed now.

 They called it the strain. No one was sure how it spread. The victims sure as hell aren't tellin! All we know for sure is the "strain" changes the victim into mindless fucking machines. And I do mean fucking in the "biblical" sense. These things have superhuman speed and strength. They can hear a squirrel fart from the other side of town and can seem to smell a man or woman wherever they hide. The changes in the victims seem to take place within a few hours or so but no one is sure bout that either. 

 The strain seems to change some infected guy or gal into a combination of the two sexes. We know from sight, that the men sprout tits and the women sprout dicks but as far as cunts go, no one has gotten past the business end of those cocks to let anyone know. 

 When a pack of them made it to my home town of Taylor, Albama, population of a respectable 4500 folks, I was out at the CO-OP picking up a truck load of fertilizer for Bo Bradley's farm.. My boss, ya see. 

 I had just finished loadin the last bag and closed the tailgate, when I heard the screams and shrieks from the street. 

 Now, we got all the media you can shake a stick at just like them big cities, we got that internet thing too. So, of course, we all heard of the attacks from these things. But the government told us that the danger was contained. The president told us at his election speech that they were junior varsity next to our military guys and he was certain that there was not a "smidgen" of doubt that the crisis would be over in a few short days. Yeah, said the some thing similiar about the economy but I keep noticing I was paying more and more for less and less at the grocery store. Well, nough about what is the past now. 

 I ran out to the parking lot by the loading docks to see the pack of them racing up the street. There was the guy at the filling station across the street filling his charger that was taken first. 

 They practically tackled him and had him out of his clothes in a flash. Turns my stomach now to relive what happened to him. They had these cocks that always seemed hard and ready for action and they had no other thought than to put them to work on folks that they got their claws into. Two of them gang raped that poor fella while I watched. Oh, he howled like a wild dog when the one got her willie in his ass. The other one put an end to that howling by filling his mouth with her own railroad spike. Not that these women or creatures or whatever the hell they were was even that hard on the eyes, if I do say so. Whatever was happened to them they don't turn out looking all that hideous. They could be beauty queens if it weren't for them dang cocks they got. 

 Anyways, A few of them raced into the houses cross from the CO-OP and soon we heard the screams from inside there. Them poor folks were goners for sure. That's when me and Jason saw a few of them spot us and give a sort of happy hungry shriek that damn near froze us to our bones. 

 Did we stand there ready to fight them crazy banshees? Hell no! We high-tailed it out of the street and into the CO-OP. 

 Caroline was BOB Kensy's, barely out of high school, daughter. She ran the cash register just inside. "What in the world is all that racket out there, Paul?" She asked me. Those big blue eyes of hers could melt any man's heart. She could easily win the county pageant if she ever ran but she never did. "Caroline, you get yourself locked up tight in the cash room." I yelled as me and Jason locked the doors of the CO-OP. That pretty girl jumped quick as a rabbit and vanished into the cash room and locked the door. 

 Think the door will hold em, Paul?" Jason asked wide eyed with fear. 

 "Not sure, Jason but let's take no chances. Where's the guns round this place?" 

 "Yeah, sure! Bob keeps a .357 behind the counter there and a 12 gauge in the cabinet behind the bait counter. 

 "Let's get to em then." I said as we heard the first of them hit the doors. Lucky for us that Bob had had to replace them doors with reinforced double glass panes since the last hail storm smashed the old regular ones back in March. They managed to smash the glass but didn't get through. Not immediately at least. Well, we grabbed up them guns and loaded up like we were storming Normandy all by ourselves. 

 That made us feel abit better at least until they smashed down the doors. 

 "Let's give it to em, Jason!" I yelled as we opened up on the pack of four of them. The first two went down pretty quick. The other two moved faster than them folks in that Matrix movie I saw at the theater last time I went. Yeah, I don't get to the movies too often mostly cause there ain't much to see once you saw all the best parts in them trailers they show on TV. 

 Now let me tell you, I have no likin to shooting no lady. The two we brought down were prize beauties. If not for them cocks that they got down there I'd let them have me, I ain't ashamed to say. 

 I won't say how their willies stack up to my own, which I guess is saying something anyway but never you mind that! 

 We'll leave it as, what I read in that Cosmo magazine few years back, they were "well endowed." 

 "They got past us, Paul!" Jason yelled. That boy always had a rock iron grip on the obvious but given the situation I wasn't going waste time pointing that out. It was then we heard the screams from the warehouse. 

 "Sounds like they found Gip and Jerry!" He yelled as he ran out into the warehouse like he was superman or something. Well, I'm not one for heroics myself but given the alternative of sitting in a smashed up store with only a shotgun to keep me from these fiends I followed out on Jason's heels. 

 We couldn't find the boys fast. Their screamin seemed to die off pretty quick. It was deadly quiet back there. 

 Bob never did spend a lot of money on them over heads and the few lights that still worked made gave the warehouse all the cheerfulness of that Bat cave from that Batman movie. That wasn't so bad really.. been meaning to see the second one but never got round to it.

 "Where you think they took em, Paul?" Jason asked nervously.

 "Hush up, ya dang fool!"I hissed, "You'll bring the whole gang of them down on us." Well that tibbit of information sank into Jason's skull pretty quick cause his jaw slammed shut then and there.

 We crept along the aisles looking for the other men that worked back here. Rounding towards the darkest corner, we starts to hear a chorus of slappin sounds like someone getting a spankin or somethin. Sos we followed that noise. We works our way right up to the door of the men's bathroom when we realized the slapping noises came from the other side of the door. 

 The door itself was a mess. The door knob and latch were tore clear off so we moved quiet as church mice and pushed that door open slow like. What we saw inside, well it would turn a good preacher's stomach. The two we missed at the front were both balls deep in Gip and Jerry's bottoms. The blonde had poor Gip bent over a toilet in one of the stalls while Jerry was facing us on the floor with his ass being hammered by a (hate to say it) very sexy redhead. Both of us stood there watching this unnatural act and I hate to admit it my own willie was waking up at the sight of them perfect tits on the redhead shakin with each thrust. The one in the stall apparently came in Gip's bottom cause she gave that happy harpy shriek they use. Redhead was right behind her pumping her load in Jerry. Not that that stopped them gals. They just picked up the pace again in them men's asses. Jason and I stared open mouthed as those slick hard cocks pounded into them bare bottoms like theys machines or somethin. Delicate hands pinned them big strong men and held them in place while them gals easily had their way.

 It was Jerry who snapped us out of that trance. He looked up at me with such a pitiful stare and moaned "Help me, Paul." 

 Not one for shootin the ladies, I felt God awful as I took the redhead's head clean off with the shotgun and Jason shot the blonde as she turned on us.

 I bent down to help Jerry to his feet. His legs seem like jelly after the fuckin he took. The redhead's cum was trailing down his leg. I went to the stall and grabbed the toilet paper off the shelf over the toilets. 

 "Thanks," muttered a thoroughly embarrassed Jerry as he started to clean himself up some. Gip wasn't in much better shape. 

 We went back into the store with both the men needin Jason and my help walking. 

 "I was never so scared before in all my life!" declared Jerry. "When they grabbed us, I thought they would rip us to shreds! You wouldn't believe how strong they both were, I mean, being gals and all." 

 "That gal dragged me into that bathroom like I was a kid in kindergarten," said Gip. "Once they got us there, they made us do things.." Gip's voice trailed off as his eyes seemed to glaze over.

 "Yeah, they had us on our backs pushing their cocks in our mouths!" Jerry muttered.

 "Yeah Jerry! I saw that you didn't put up much of a fight!" Gip accused the younger man.

 "Well you weren't exactly struggling yourself," answered Jerry. Both men became red faced as school boys caught stealing cookies at that point and I had a feeling something was being left out of that tale. My own willie seemed to have a mind of its own cause it was stiff in my drawers from the image of one of these women forcing their cocks into my mouth. (Where the hell did that thought come from??? What is happening to me?)

 We made our way back into the store and headed for the cash room. We felt our stomachs drop as we saw the cash room door standing half open. "Caroline?" I called

 No answer.

 "She must have come out looking for us after she heard the shooting and maybe heard you boys screamin." I reasoned as I pushed the door open.

 The cash room was intact so we sets Jerry and Gip down in them office chairs and Jason locked the door while we went searching for Caroline.

 We made our way round the store but there was no sign of her. 

 "You think they got her?" stammered Jason. Again there's that rock iron grasp of the obvious.

 "Can you think of any other reason she would be gone?" I replied.

 We heard a scream from further up the road towards town. 

 "Best head back to the cash room and hope they move on sos we can slip on back to the farm." I reasoned and Jason seemed to relax a might now that we had something of a plan.

 "You check on the boys while I rounds us up somethin to eat from the snack counter."

 "Right," said Jason as he went back to the cash room.

 I made my way back to the snack counter and had myself a peek out the window. I saw one of the county sheriff cars outside in the middle of the street. A few feet in front I found the poor deputy on his hands and knees and all three naked as the day theys born. One of them harpies had her cock sawin away at his mouth while the other worked his ass so hard I could see his knees leave the ground with each thrust. 

 I know my eyes must be playing tricks on me but it looked like the young man was enjoying it!

 My own willie was wide awake and begging for action. Watching them hard cocks work their way deeper in to that lucky man (lucky?) I pulled my own out and starts to stroking. (What was happening to me?? I should be puking my guts out on the floor yet here I was ready for sex myself.) I watched the deputy's ass cheeks shake with each impact of firm hips to his bare backside. It was obvious the gal in front had her cock down that guy's throat. How can he do that? I wondered with a little bit of envy.. (Envy???)

 I stroked my own cock faster as I watch the two shriek together as they pumped both ends of that guy. That sent me over the edge I have to say and I sprayed my seed all over the shelves below the window. 

 Having that release seemed to clear my head up some. (No pun intended)The gals were nowhere near done with that deputy and I could tell he was in for a long ride so tearing my eyes off the three of them I made my way back to the cash room with our food.

 The door was shut as I walked up and I could hear moans coming from inside. A chill ran down my spine as I pushed the door open slowly. I was floored right there by what I saw. 

 Gip and Jerry were not the men I left behind. Lord knows for women they sure were hot! They could be playboy bunnies if it weren't for the stiff cocks they had working Jason from both ends.

 His moans were muffled by Jerry's thick cock sawing through his lips and down his throat. Gip's round firm round ass was flexing so sexy as she/he was throwin his/her rock solid dick deep into Jason's defenseless rectum. I stood there open mouthed and panting like a dog on a hot summer afternoon. My willie waking up to the action in front of me. I realized then and there that Jason wasn't moaning from fear or pain. That boy was lovin the pounding his mouth and ass were gettin. 

 I shook my head and knew my only chance was to slip out quietly before they finished. I crept out to my truck and I jumped in as quick and quiet as I could. The door squealed loudly when I pulled it open. Damn! Forgot that it did that! I looked around in terror but the coast remained clear. I fumbled around in my pockets for keys.

 My hands were shakin mightily as I tried to fit the key into the ignition. Damn! I dropped them just like in them movies! I leant over and felt around for them dang keys. I finally found them and grabbed them up as I heard another shriek and some gun fire from back in town.

 I finally got the key into the ignition and the truck roared to life. I smashed my foot down hard on the gas and squealed the tires as I turned out on route 34 headed like the devil was on my tail (sos to speak)back home to Bo's farm.

 It was then I realized I had left the shotgun on the snack counter after I watched them gals havin their way with the deputy. My willie was hard at that memory and I felt that if I weren't fucked soon ( I mean if I didn't fuck some gal soon) I'd go crazy! 

 I barely kept the truck between the ditches lost in my thoughts. I hadn't realized I had slowed down as well. Glancing in the rear view I saw two of them harpies running after my truck. My knuckles went white on the steering wheel as I floor the gas again. Thinking I'd see them fall behind, I felt my guts freeze as they actually gained on me!. Damn! They was fast! One grabbed the tailgate and pulled herself on board, her long blonde hair whipping in the wind coverin her face. She was naked and sexy as hell. But it was that steel piece of flesh between her legs that scared the hell out of me! I weaved the truck trying to throw her off but there was nothing doin for it. She made her way slowly up the bed to the back window. The other one made it into the bed behind her, Dear Lord save me!. 

 Shatterproof glass rained down on my shoulder and the bench seat under me as the blonde gal put her fist through the back window. Not taking my eyes off the road in terror, I kept tryin to keep her out of the cab by weaving the truck hard. I felt the seat flex next to me under the weight of that harpy. I saw those perfect tan legs out of the corner of my eye as I felt a hand creep around my neck stroking my ear. 

 "Paul" whispered a husky sexy voice full of the Devil's own lust.

 I finally turned to face the harpy and found myself gazing in shock at the once pure corn-fed country beauty that I knew from when she was a little runt in her daddy's store. 

 Caroline!

 She cuddled up next to me as she stroked her cock. That monster must be at least twelve inches long and way thicker than my own! It looked so good. Why was my mouth watering?? Whatever happened to her, Caroline never looked so desirable to me before. I think I know how Sampson felt went he was tempted by Delilah. Lord! That gal was sex and sin all wrapped up in one.

 My one final moment of clear thought I considered running the truck at high speed into something. Surely it would be better to die rather than let these she devils have me! The brunette was crawling through the back window her own cock eager for sex as my own seemed to be. 

 Lord! I don't want to die... 

 Guess I'll be pulling over. 

 I hope this won't hurt too much.