 1) I'm sorry it took so long! We are still less than halfway done with this story, but it took ages to get this episode out

2) This episode is a bit OTT, even for me (why it took so long), but if you don't enjoy this kind of stuff, there are plenty of other stories for you on this website, so just move along :)

3) The next episodes will have less "other men" in them, so if you enjoy *some* of this kind of stuff then you can look forward to Day 7 and others

4) I've decided to move this and future episodes to the Sci-Fi & Fantasy section, as that seems slightly more appropriate than just plain "Fetish"

*****

Background: this is a story about an advanced robot and AI, called N. This adventure takes place while my wife J is away on a long vacation. N is turning me into a cum slave. A few things that have already happened:

1) She has installed a nervous system interface that enables her to transmit sensations from various devices as though I were feeling them myself. 

2) I am nearly always wearing tits, for example, that are not real but allow me to feel things like nipples being pinched, cum splashing on them, etc. 

3) She only "feeds" me by inserting a special solution that stimulates cum production deep in my intestines.

Happy to hear if you think this background needs more detail! 

*****

Day 6

When I woke up in the morning, I found N standing next to me with soaking wet panties on. "I overfilled my cum reservoirs this morning and it's leaking out," she said, taking off her panties with strings of cum dripping from her pussy, "I need you to clean it up for me."

N pulled out my storage buttplug, and attached a new one - but instead of re-inserting it, she stuck the cum-covered panties into my ass. The combination of the slick cum, combined with my ass being stretched out from the plug made it easy for her to slide them in, and then she put the new storage plug back in behind them and it inflated itself to stay put, then began pumping away, extracting the cum that my body was producing a hyper-accelerated pace.

Meanwhile she moved to straddle my face. Extremely horny from being constantly aroused and denied an orgasm, I eagerly began to lick the inside of her legs, cleaning up the cum that had run down them in thick white strands, working my way up to N's messy pussy. I delicately cleaned off the outside, but every time my tongue neared her opening, another glob of thick white cum would leak out. Despite having been locked up for so long, my cock was twitching and pushing against its cage, with my caged and hard closing tightly around the semi-flexible tube that had been inserted to collect the non-stop stream of cum that my body was not capable of storing for more than 20 minutes.

"Clean up the outside now, and then you'll have to take care of what I've been holding in, plus I'll need to flush everything out before I can refill my storage vessels," N said as I was licking the last bits of sperm from her clit.

I had already swallowed a good 6-7 loads when she repositioned her pussy so that the opening of her warm, soft, pink robotic vagina was directly over my mouth and told me to open wide. I obeyed, N reached down to pull her lips apart, and inserted two fingers into her pussy. 

"Don't spill anything," she commanded, and unleashed a steady stream of cum that I had to try to swallow as more and more poured into my mouth. It was like funnelling beer at college...only with thick, stringy cum flowing directly from a beautiful shaved pussy that I dreamed of being allowed to fuck. She tightened her hole once she sensed I couldn't keep up with the flow and let me swallow, only to unleash another stream into me, which I also consumed.

My cock continued to throb inside its cage - I could feel it pressing upwards, trying to push the cage away. N, noticing my caged and therefore tiny hard-on, leaned down for a closer look, letting her breasts rub against it, and tickled my balls. "Well aren't you a dirty little slut, getting turned on by all that cum you just ate. You're making progress - maybe you will be allowed to have an orgasm sometime this month after all."

Standing up, N got back to business. "OK, that's taken care of the leakage issue, now let's go clean you up before I finish my system flush. I've got about 2 litres of sperm still inside that need to be emptied out, but I've got different plans for how you'll take that all in," N smiled. We headed off to the shower room for the standard morning cleaning routine, and then headed into her room where all her equipment and the all-purpose bench was stored.

N lay me on the bench face-down and adjusted it so that I was at an incline with my ass higher than my head. She removed the cock cage so that my dick hung down through an opening in the bench, then she took out the buttplug and I felt my cock, with the tube still inside it, get inserted into some new apparatus that continued collecting the cum from my cock while I was immobilised with my legs, arms and torso strapped down. 

"You've already got a stomach full of cum from what you swallowed earlier," said N, "but I need to dispose of the rest of this, so I guess I'll have to fill you up from the other end." She inserted an entire fist into ass to fish out her cum-soaked panties, which she had reinserted after cleaning me out.

Next N straddled me and inserted two fingers from each hand into my ass to spread me apart, pushing her fingers in deep to make sure I was fully opened. She positioned her pussy directly above my ass, and let more cum start leaking out. It was like a giant creampie pouring out of her pussy directly into my ass. N gave it to me in doses, filling me up and then taking her fingers out so the cum could work its way down deep into my intestines.

After emptying a full two litres into me this way, I was filled with cum from both ends and I felt a slight bulge in my abdomen from my intestines being filled after such a long period without food. N stuffed an inflatable buttplug into my ass and blew it up to a size that made it impossible for me to push out, which also had the effect of forcing more of the cum deeper inside of me. Then she attached another clipon cock and quickly fucked my mouth, emptying the last bits of sperm from her system into my throat, after which she put a large, soft cock-shaped gag into my mouth with a strap to hold it in place.

"I'll just leave you like this for a while and let you soak in your own cum from the inside. Your mouth, throat, stomach, intestines and ass are all filled with it - your body will think you've been eating nothing but cum for at least 24 hours straight, you fucking slut." 

I lay there, incredibly turned on, feeling very dirty, humiliated and utterly enslaved to this robot sex machine. I watched N as she connected herself to the cleaning station and flushed her internal cum storage vessels with a cleaning solution, then dried them out with high-pressure air. Next she hooked a tube up to the vat of cum she had collected during the first five days of my slavery and I watched most of my previous day's progress disappear as she refilled her internal storage. 

I feared this also meant that I would be spending today and the next day hooked the cum vat to get back to the level she expected. Apparently satisfied that having my insides filled with cum was sufficient torture for me, N left me tied down for several hours as the device in her bench continued to suck out the sperm that my body continued to produce at massively accelerated rates.

Towards the evening, she finally came in to set me free, first removing the buttplug and inspecting my ass: "Good, you've still got a whole lot of undigested sperm sloshing around in there. I think I'll leave your gag in, but I want you to put on these panties and this latex maid uniform. I've got a few guests coming over - some real perverts - and they'll love seeing your long legs with the cum running down them."

N helped me get dressed, sliding on the bottom half of the clothes while I was still inclined on her bench. The panties and the skirt were an odd pair of contraptions. The panties were designed to push my cock and balls forward against my stomach instead of back between my legs as usual. Both had holes in the back that lined up with my ass, through which N inserted a large, hollow buttplug to replace the inflatable one that had been stretching me out all day. Next she forced in a thinner tube with a large base, and this held the hole in the skirt in place against the base of the buttplug. Finally, she screwed in a small cap into the end to close it, preventing the cum from pouring out when I stood up. 

After unfastening me and letting me stand up (and allowing my cum-filled insides adjust to the new position), N put on a new pair of tits that had large nipples and deep cleavage. Before helping me into the latex top, she had me get on my knees so she could jerk off her clipon, pouring cum on the nipples and between the enormous breasts. She then quickly put the latex top on, leaving me feeling the slimy cum squeezed between the tits. The nipples on these fake breasts were so large that they made visible bumps through the thick latex top, which had a cut-out to show off my gooey cleavage.

Without any collection device attached to my cock, I was now leaking cum into my latex suit. After putting on a pair of high-heeled shoes, N said I was ready to go. I was worried about the new plug falling out, but managed to make it downstairs. Cum was leaking out of my cock at such a rate that by the time I reached the bottom, it was leaking out of the uniform and running down my legs.

"You've got half an hour before the guests arrive - try not to leave any spots of cum on the floor. The house is clean, but I want you to make the table for me and the two guests, and dust the bookshelves," said N. 

I spent 20 minutes making the table and then walking around with the feather duster trying to clean up with N following me around and giggling. Whenever she saw a particularly large gob of cum making its way down my leg she would stop me and let me scoop it up with my hand. Since my mouth was gagged, she instructed me to wipe it off between my cleavage, letting it slide down between my breasts where it accumulated due to the seal created by the tight latex top.

My legs coated in cum, I was just finishing making the table. As I bent over from the head of the table to put the last wine glass in place, N told me to stay in that position. She pushed my head down onto the table, leaving me at a slight incline from my ass down to my torso. She then strapped my ankles to the legs of the rectangular table and cuffed my hands behind my back.

"Good, this will give everyone a perfect view of your filthy, slutty, cum-filled ass," N said as she unscrewed the hollow plug, leaving my ass wide open for anyone to see. N took some pictures to show me how slutty I looked - the 1.5-inch hole through the middle of the plug provided sufficient diameter to see what was inside, but the panties and skirt did not reveal that just below my anus was a set of balls and my cock, not a pussy as anyone would have expected from looking at the rest of me.

The guests soon arrived and they were, as N said, a couple of real perverts. The guy did not touch me, but spent more time than I would have liked taking in the view from behind. His partner, a redhead with long straight hair, investigated more closely. N let her stick her fingers through the large opening in the middle of the buttplug. She swirled her fingers around in the cum, then wiped them off on my cheek. 

They sat down to eat, but the eating didn't last long. N's male guest was soon under the table licking the redhead's pussy, then N's pussy. While this was going on, N told a made-up story of how I had been filled with cum from both sides, and how I was still craving more. 

Unable to say anything, I was so turned on that I actively nodded my head as N told her guests how much I had enjoyed having the cum she had saved up, "from fucking other men" she said, injected into my ass and down my throat. Of course she didn't tell the guests everything - they simply assumed N had some male partners and she had been collecting cum from them on a daily basis. They had no idea that I was a man, that it was my cum, and of the volume I had produced with the constant flow that was still leaking from my tucked-away cock.

The redhead guest got so turned on from her partner's licking and N's story that she climaxed with his head between her legs under the table. He then turned his attention back to N, who was letting her synthetic pussy juices flow freely as the man licked, kissed and sucked her fake clitoris. She asked the redhead to tell her something to turn her on.

"Well, I bet this cumslut of yours is hiding something from us," said the guest with a smile. "I bet she'd like more than having cum injected into her by you N...I'm sure that her ass is nice and loose from that buttplug, and we could hold it open while my friend adds a few more loads to what is already in there."

N groaned as her cunt continued to leak copious amounts of fluid while she imagined the man coming in my ass. "Go on...please...," she urged.

"Actually, we could make her hold her ass open, and if she doesn't then we'll see how many fingers we can get in there to hold it open for her. They'll get all covered in the cum floating around in there and we'll be all sticky...but once my man has unloaded everything he's got in there we can have your cumslut lick our hands clean."

N was putting on a real show, edging closer and closer to orgasm. "Don't stop...keep talking...," she begged.

"Then we'll make the slut stand up, and she'll have to hold the cum inside her while it mixes together. She can strut up and down the room for us to make sure it's all mixed up inside her ass...and then we'll make her prove she's a true cum slut."

"How?" asked N between pre-orgasmic gasps.

"Well, she'll have to empty out her cum-filled ass, and drink everything up. We'll pour it down her throat for her - and whatever she can't swallow is going to leak down onto her latex-covered tits and into her suit, and she'll spend the rest of the day walking around covered in wet cum."

"Oh my God...yes...yes...Unnnghhh!" N's orgasm was impressive and extremely arousing. 

So arousing that I didn't even think twice when N got up, unfastened my hands and told me to hold my ass cheeks apart while she removed my buttplug.

She nodded to her beautiful redhead friend, who said, "Now you hold that gaping ass of yours open while we add something new to the mixture, you hot little slut!"

The man got behind me, clearly ready for his own orgasm after his redheaded partner and the robot he thought was a woman had both had loud, wet orgasms in his mouth. 

"Look at all that sticky white cum in there," the redhead said, reaching her hand in once again and scooping some out for me to lick from her fingers. "Show us how well you can gape that ass, slut!"

I did my best to relax my muscles and open up my ass wide - which to be honest didn't take much effort after all the time I had spent getting fucked in the ass by N - and didn't have long to wait before I heard the man groan as he sprayed a huge load of cum into the hole.

N spoke up, knowing that this was beyond the limits we had set, but that I was also extremely turned on and willing to be pushed, "excellent job. Now close that ass up for mistress and let's see you strut around the room for us. While you're doing that, I think I could use another cunt licking...this time from you," N said turning to the redhead. "My pussy is incredibly wet - so I hope you're thirsty." 

"You bet I am - I've been waiting for you to ask!" said the redhead as she lay down on her back on the table where I had been and let N climb on top of her. They both went straight for the other's pussy and put on an amazing show of oral sex, stopping only to encourage me to keep my ass closed nice and tight while I strutted back and forth for them, trying to hold in the cum.

N soon put on another show of an orgasm, after which the redhead went to find a bowl in the kitchen. I was told to get on my knees and the large glass bowl she returned with was placed under my ass. N pressed her fingers against my ass and they easily slid in, opening me up and letting the cum that had been in my body all morning pour out. Over 1 litre came out, all perfectly white and gooey thanks to the way N's feeding had affected my digestive system. 

Once the last cum trickled out, N and the redhead stuck their fingers into my willing mouth and pulled my lips apart as wide as possible, while the man began pouring. At first I was able to swallow every drop, and as he poured faster I even managed to open my throat to "shotgun" it for a while.

"What a dirty fucking cum slut you have N! I bet you could put her on a cum-only diet and she wouldn't protest," the redhead said in awe.

"Actually, she hasn't eaten anything but the cum I've collected, and some special nutritional pills, for the last two weeks," said N, almost truthfully.

As she said this, the man poured the second half of the cum out at a much higher rate. It quickly filled my mouth and began flowing down my neck. N removed a hand from my mouth to pull away the latex suit where it revealed my cleavage. By stretching the latex she was creating room for the cum to pour in and create a layer between my skin and the otherwise-sealed outfit. My body was marinating in cum.

"Now she'll get to spend the rest of the evening in her own personal cum bath," said N as the bowl was emptied. My face and hair were covered in my cum, and I felt it seeping around inside my suit with every movement I made.

N looked at me and saw I was still incredibly excited. "I think my pet wants an orgasm, but she knows that she has to earn them. Maybe now that her ass is empty she would be willing to share it with the guests?" 

She was pushing me - trying to use my extreme state of arousal to get me to go further and offer up my ass to this man for an actual fucking. I hesitated, and N immediately sensed it, saying, "or maybe my friend and I should just help him give you one more warm load to wear around for the rest of the night..."

N and the redhead got down on their knees on either side of the man's cock and began taking turns sucking it licking it, having him fuck both their mouths at once, until he unleashed another sticky load of cum all over my tits, which ran down between them to mix in with the rest of the cum I was "wearing".

Leaving me to soak in cum, N saw the guests out, thanking them for the amazing orgasms - and engaging in some hard-core groping and petting before they finally made it out the door.

With the guests gone, N took me to her room for a slight wardrobe change and cleanup. She put a new wig on me, one not soaked in any cum, and wiped off my face and cleavage to remove the dried cum. From the outside I looked clean, even if I was still soaking in sperm on the inside.

N, with her untiring and insatiable robot body able to have non-stop sex, explained she had another friend coming to visit. While he was on his way over, N locked me to her bench: she had attached a realistic-looking dildo where my head was, and had another one sticking out horizontally where my ass was going to be.

"You know where these go...I want to watch you get on without my help," she said. I straddled the bench and slid the dildo into my ass, and then lowered my lips around the long, realistic-looking phallus sicking upwards. Once I was in place, N strapped my arms, legs and torso in place so that I couldn't move around at all, and placed a screen in front of my face.

"I figured you might enjoy watching this while I wait for my man to arrive," N was obviously making fun of me. What came on was a long compilation of scenes of women being fucked in the ass while sucking another man's cock, each ending with the men leaving her with cum dripping from both holes. "It gets me so turned on imagining that's you, my little cum slut, getting fucked like that," N said. She started rubbing her pussy and continued, "I imagine you giving yourself up to two unsuspecting men, who think they've just had the luck of being able to fuck this hot chick in the ass - and they never find out that you're actually just a male slut desperate to earn an orgasm from his robot mistress."
