 Again I would like to thank the amazing RUWILD for the friendship and encouragement. I would have never ventured out this far on my own believe me! 

I also appreciate the votes and encouraging comments. Feedback to help me improve is honestly and greatly appreciated. Anyone with experience as an editor who can help me clean up my rather rough and probably redundant style would also be greatly appreciated. I can easily think of two more stories out of this series, maybe more and have ideas for other stories as well. So wise advice and feedback would help get those stories out of my head and hopefully out for your enjoyment. Thank you for reading.

As far as I am aware, these stories are original and my own creation. Any part that resembles any other story you have ever read is coincidental and not intended. Please let me know about that story so I can read it for myself and if needs be remove my story. If you enjoy these stories enough to save to your collection at home then I am truly honored. If you want to post them elsewhere on the web then please contact me to let me know. 

*****

"Ladies! Gentlemen! Children of our Lord and Savior!" pleaded the innocent and youthful face of Pastor Joshua Clemens into the camera. "You must not give in to the lure of this vile temptation. It is but a thin veil of beauty that hides eternal damnation!" 

Joshua Clemens started out years earlier as the child star of the Bible belt TV evangelists. He started out with Sunday school sermons and graduated to full televised gospels. His covenants made over issues such as premarital sex and alcohol was broadcast all over the world. DVDs of his pulpit performances hit all-time highs on the religious charts. 

The odd thing about this child star was that he actually kept his word. He was in reality all that he preached. Abstaining from sex even masturbation in spite of countless offers from local girls and more than a few women to international celebrities, female and male, that tried to lure him out of the light of his faith. 

Joshua Clemens was every bit the pure, innocent, and faithful soul that he professed to being. He was addressing the current crisis that was spreading through his country; the sudden appearance of demonic women that seem to mindlessly attack men and women and ravish them of their virtues. These agents of Satan transformed these helpless folks into their own image and spread the wanton debasement of humanity to every corner of his great country. 

As the months of the attacks progressed a new phenomenon was appearing in online media. Videos started popping up on the net showing men and women alone or in small groups willingly walking into the embrace of these evil angels. Arms around their victims, these creatures guided these hapless souls behind closed doors never to be heard from again. 

"We must be strong in our faith if our community, No! Our very existence on this planet is to continue!" pleaded the sincere young man. His broadcast sent to every corner of the globe as he rapidly became the symbol of hope, purity and goodness left in our rapidly decadent world. Joshua placed his hands on the simple wooden pulpit and bowed his head humbly in prayer for the lost. Off camera his small congregation along with his younger sister, Elizabeth and older brother Adam joined him in silent reverence. 

Outside his church, the town, the state, even the country had grown quiet. The women that first appeared so mindless and animalistic in their invasion of communities had seemingly disappeared. The mindlessness was replaced with a cunning that had folks whispering of a leader that had emerged from that chaos. Someone was guiding these women towards a goal that was still unknown but feared by all. 

Maybe it was the pressure of not knowing that drove the men and women to surrendering to their conquerors without a fight. Maybe the obvious lure of perverse sexual delights that radiated from these creatures.

Joshua looked out over his dwindling congregation with real concern and love for his fellow man. "We must stand together and firm in our faith, against the evil that has presented itself amongst us or these are surely the end times." 

"Amen!" responded his followers.

It was that point that the unthinkable happened. The double doors in the back of the auditorium opened and scores of incredibly sensual women boldly entered the church and walked down the aisles. The side doors opened as well, with even more pouring calmly in, surrounding his congregation.They hadn't even bother to wear clothing for their purpose here was not to talk. With their hungry stares and heavy, hard cocks swaying, there was no mistaking who these women were or what they intended for the men and women before them. 

Ladies in the congregation screamed in terror and tried to hide behind the men as these angels from hell fell upon them like wolves upon a defenseless herd of lambs. Soon, the nude women were fully mixed within the congregation. The smallest of these sexy women handled the strongest of the men like a wayward child being taken to his room for punishment. Each man and woman of the church struggled uselessly against the ravishment from two even three of the sinfully beautiful ladies. The sound of Sunday clothing being ripped blended with the cries, screams, and protests as the last protections from the perverse desires of these women were torn away from their victims. 

Joshua, his sister and brother were grabbed quickly but strangely their attackers only restrained them, allowing them to witness the rape of their congregation. Men and women that Joshua had grew up with, played with, prayed with, were easily pushed down onto pews, the floor, or pinned to the walls by the powerful women. Their screams soon muffled by deep passionate kissing. Futile struggles weakened as each member of the congregation surrendered to the decadent pleasures their conquerors were providing. 

Joshua could only close his eyes and try to block out the sounds of the lurid moaning and cries of desire from his once innocent flock. Soon the church auditorium was the scene of the most deviant orgy ever displayed on the planet. Powerful and dominant women guided hard cocks into their now willing lovers. Mouths closed and contently sucked, asses were offered willingly and just as willingly were taken. Flesh slapped flesh as the women gave over to their animal needs and had their way with the congregation.

Joshua could no longer look away and his eyes traveled over the tangled masses of bodies writhing in unholy pleasures in his church. He felt his resolve weakening with that of his flock as his cock hardened at the sights and sounds before. The scene was affecting his brother and sister as well as they too stared wide eyed, mouths open as breathing became shallow and labored. 

At an unseen signal, the ladies holding Joshua and his siblings pulled them from the church and out into the street. He tried to talk to his captors but they silently moved their group up the street and into the town hall.

Upon entering the building, Joshua was greeted by the sight of Pamela Evans, easily the most beautiful middle aged lady in town, bent over the reception desk she had worked at for years. The beautiful woman behind her gripped her wide hips and was riding her hard, deep and fast, drawing grunts and groans from the helpless human lady with each powerful thrust. Pamela cooed with pleasure as she felt hot cum jet deep inside her womb. 

Next to her, Stan Jeffers was on his knees, eyes closed in bliss as the stunning black lady fed her long hard cock down his throat. The formerly straight, married father of four swallowed sensually allowing his throat muscles to message that amazing tool and drawing a groan of pleasure from his new lover. 

Joshua's party was swiftly guided down the wooden stairs to the bottom of the building. It was a part of the town hall, Joshua had never seen. They rounded the corner and Joshua found himself in another studio. Cameras and lights were set up, several decorative mattresses were scattered on the floor about the room. There was little doubt as to their purpose when the door on the opposite end of the room opened and four incredibly sexy ladies walked through. 

Despite years of dedication to their moral upbringing, Elizabeth and Adam both gasped and moaned with desire as their eyes feasted on the flesh exposed to them. The four powerful women moved to either side of the brother and sister. Their unholy lust radiating from their hot bodies causing the smaller humans between them to sway weakly. 

The door opened again and the very air seemed to be sucked out of Joshua's lungs.The last lady that ducked through the door was far beyond beautiful. Her long, sinfully lush body straightened once inside the room and she moved smoothly and with purpose. She seemed to be made of pure dark power and carnal desire. 

'Surely,' Joshua thought to himself, 'this must be Satan herself come to collect their souls.'

Indeed her flawless skin had a deep red tint to it. Hair cascaded in flowing curls of thick dark silk to halfway down her back. Eyes of deep purple stared into Joshua's pale blue eyes demanding his obedience and his lust. His gaze shifted to her breasts, impossibly full, round and high, that defied gravity itself then down that flat perfect stomach to the strong hard cock that pointed to the ceiling. 

Indeed she was a demon; she walked up to the smaller preacher and stood before him with her breasts nearly touching his face. Her four disciples stood ready on either side of his stunned brother and sister. Their bodies were almost as perfect as their Queen's with skin of darkest ebony. Their eyes were bright and red as the glow from hell itself.

At her signal, the cameras came on as she took her place by Joshua's side. Each camera trained on each human in the room. The demon queen spoke in a sensually dusky voice, "Enjoy, my children." 

The demons on either side of his brother and sister turned to their helpless prey taking them into their infernal embrace. Elizabeth closed her eyes as dark, soft lips claimed her own as she swooned between the two women. Hands found buttons, zippers and hooks as her clothing soon fell to the floor.

Those same hands caressed her naked flesh sending a flood of pleasure to her brain drowning out any hope of protest from the girl. She gave herself to the women who gently laid her down on the mattress.

Adam was now fully nude and his two dark lovers sandwiched his body sinfully. The woman in front of him pulled him to her in a powerful embrace, her hand grasping the back of his head tilting his face up as their kiss deepened.Her full breasts ballooned against his neck as her hard cock rubbed his stomach.

The woman behind him ran her hands down his sides. One hand eventually finding his hard cock and began stroking him firmly, drawing a muffled groan from his throat. The other hand dipping between his ass cheeks as dark fingers worked their way inside him. 

The Queen moved behind Joshua. Her towering red form radiated an ancient powerful evil. A darkness of sin and sex cloaked her form and she placed her long hands on the young preacher's shoulders. His small and vulnerable form shone brightly from shadow of her embrace. 

"Once your sister and brother fall to worship my angels," she whispered into his ear, "so you shall fall to your knees and worship me."

Joshua felt his will weaken at the scene before him. 

"Yes, I feel your lust." She hissed in anticipation as her long tongue flicked his ear. "Your corruption will be so sweet."

Summoning his strength Joshua tore his gaze from his brother and sister's ordeal and locked gazes with the Queen. "I will never worship you."

The Queen chuckled and turned the preacher back to face the sinful scene down on the mattresses.

"We'll soon see," she whispered happily.

Elizabeth was on her back. Her skin glistened with sweat under the lights as the cameras caught her firm young breasts heaving with each gasp as pleasure after jolt of pleasure coursed through her beautiful young body. Dark hands caressed her flesh possessively as the demon between her open thighs sent her long red tongue deep into her human lover's pussy. Elizabeth had never experienced any sort of sexual pleasure having taken a vow to wait until marriage. The tongue working its way into her very core gave her unimaginable thrills as she cried out lost in sexual bliss. 

Her body bucked and rocked as she thrashed on the mattress under the roving hands and mouths of her lovers. The Queen, sensing the sweet girl's fall was close at hand, left Joshua and moved to stand next to his sister.

"You cannot deny the pleasures we can give you." She stated to the girl in a clear commanding voice.

"No," moaned the delirious young victim.

"You wish to surrender to me and accept the blessings of my angels into your body?" asked the Queen.

Elizabeth opened her eyes and felt the momentary chill of her damnation. It soon overwhelmed by the hot mouth that fed at her pussy. "Yes, I surrender to you, my Queen." She cried.

"Open your lips and your legs and receive my Angels' blessings my child."

The helpless girl felt a powerful hand turn her head as she looked up at the demon by her side. Her gaze shifted down that perfect body to the cock that was slipping into her mouth. It felt so strange performing an act she never thought she would allow. She tasted infernal precum and slowly bobbed her head while massaging that perfect cock tip with her tongue. The demon looked into her eyes and smiled. Elizabeth wanted to smile back, knowing she was pleasing her new mistress. Never taking her blues eyes off the red eyed stare of her lover, Elizabeth relaxed her throat and allowed the cock deeper into her body. 

Adam was lost in a whirlwind of sexual tension. Fiery hot lips locked on his trembling lips. A forceful tongue explored his mouth and caressed his own tongue. A long fingered hand that held the back of his head skillfully massaged his scalp and neck as his vile lover's kiss deepened. The demon behind him continued to work her fingers into his virgin ass. His hips bucking first trying to get away but soon surrendered to the forbidden pleasures those fingers were giving him.

Again the Queen left Joshua's side to stand next to the fallen brother. The two demons guided Adam to his knees and stood on either side of him. Their long black cocks dangling on either side of his face.

"You have felt a taste of the pleasures my Angels can give you?" Asked the Queen.

Adam could only nod his head. His very core reeling at the edge of his own damnation as he and his Queen already knew he had accepted her yet unspoken offer.

"You accept me as your Queen?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Joshua stood unmoving, speechless at the loss of his siblings to the vile demonic pleasures the Queen's Angels were giving them. He couldn't offer even a whimper in protest as his brother surrendered his soul to the Queen.

"Then open your lips and your legs and accept the blessings of my Angels, my child." She commanded.

Adam rose up on hands and knees humbly offering his body as his two dark Angels took their knees in front and behind him. Wicked smiles played over red lips as the demon in front of him guided her cock into his open and eager mouth. Behind him, the demon slathered her cock with her spit and pushed his legs apart. She felt her lover tense as she ran her hands over his pale ass. Adam's breath bellowed from his nostrils, caught between fear and unholy excitement knowing she was about to enter him. While he was focused on the sensations of the demon cock pressing against his anal opening, the demon in front of him slid her cock deeper into his throat. He looked up in surprised at bright evil red eyes then he relaxed and accepted her cock deeper into his body.

Sensing his distraction, the demon behind him speared his starfish shaped entrance with a single hard thrust that sent her black cock deep into his bowels. Adam's hips bolted in surprise but the sharp pain faded as the thick cock worked its way deeper into his bottom.He felt the hellish unnatural desires radiating from the throbbing cocks of his lovers as they slid and probed inside him. 

It was then, he realized, that a wall mirror appeared next to the mattress he and his lovers occupied. He saw his sweat coated body pinned on either end by women more beautiful than his wildest fantasies. Their cocks worked smoothly into him in an act he would have never have dreamed to take place. The last of his moral restraints faded away as he rocked between two perfectly hard cocks and the three settled in to the rhythm of combined thrusts.

Every detail of the brother's and sister's corruption was caught by the cameras and broadcasted to the world. The Queen wanted the world to see that no power regardless of how pure or good could withstand the pleasures she and her army could promise. Complete surrender was the only option left for this world.

Elizabeth whimpered weakly as she continued to worship the cock in her throat. Her pussy felt cold and wet as the incredible mouth left her achingly close to climax. She felt the hot body settle on top of her as powerful thighs forced her legs wider. The incredible feel of soft firm breasts pressing into her own smaller ones drove the human girl wild with passion. She cried out in excitement as she felt that hard thick cock rub against the entrance of her cunt. Her legs wrapped around her lover as she thrust her hips trying to impale herself like a whore. 

The demon on top of her leaned down and bit her neck and shoulder then whispering soft infernal words of desire and sexual depravity into the helpless girl's ear, she sank her cock deep inside the offered pussy.

Elizabeth felt the sharp pain as her lover tore her virginal barrier and burrowed deeper into her body. The young girl flexed her hips to match her Mistress's thrusts, feeling the demon's cock slide sinfully inside her.

She looked up wildly and sucked and swallowed at the wonderful cock in her mouth with renewed vigor. The woman watched her human lover swallow her cock and began to thrust harder into that welcoming throat. With an infernal shriek she pumped hot jets of her seed into her small human lover's stomach.

Elizabeth swallowed her lover's cum greedily as her tongue bathed and massaged that wonderful cock. She tried to chase that cock with her wet swollen lips as the demon moved to push the two women over. Elizabeth now was on top of the woman deep inside her pussy. The young girl flexed her shapely hips driving her lover's cock deeper into her cunt. The human girl arched her back at the fullness her pussy never experienced before.

She felt a hand on her back pushing her down on top of the woman below her. Her soft pink lips latched on a hard black nipple as she started to suck on that hot soft flesh. In her former life she never would have allowed even a passing thought of taking another girl into her bed. Now any and all perverse sexual desires were welling within her. 

She glanced over at her brother Adam, relishing the pounding her brother was taking on either end. He looked so perfect, so pure and helpless between the two powerful black demon women who were using him. Her eyes roved down his twisting, shuddering body to the woman thrusting her cock deeper in to his ass. She wondered heatedly what it would be like plundering her brother's firm muscular ass with a cock of her own. The thought sent her over the edge and she cried as her cum flooded around the cock lodged deep inside her pussy.

Her body lay spent on top of her still thrusting lover when Elizabeth felt the soft weight of the other demon on her back. She was sandwiched between her two demon lovers revealing in the envelope of hot sweating flesh. As with her brother, a mirror appeared alongside the mattress she was on. She could peek out from under the demon on top of her to see the sinful sight of her beautiful writhing black lovers. She sighed contently as perfect breasts caressed her own while her other lover's breasts massaged her shoulders. 
