 1) I don't know about you, but this particular episode gets me really turned on. And there are no "other men" in the way that some of you may find gross. 

2) These things take forever! I've got many, many pages of half-written notes and text, but turning them into a story...not so easy. So I'm sorry about typos etc., but I figured you're probably not reading these particular ones for the literary experience!

*****

Background: this is a story about an advanced robot and AI, called N. This adventure takes place while my wife J is away on a long vacation. N is turning me into a cum slave. 

She has installed a nervous system interface that enables her to transmit sensations from various devices (her dildos, fake tits that I wear, her ass as it gets fucked...and more) as though they were part of my own body. 

Happy to hear if you think this background needs more detail! 

*****

By the final day of my first week of submission to N, my humanoid robot mistress had used her tireless mechanical body and relentless AI, combined with a nervous system interface to enhance my sensations and a special nutrient mix that put my cum production into overdrive, to make me her orgasm-denied cum slave. 

I woke up with the panties she had put me to bed in still damp from the massive creampie of my own cum she had left in my ass after fucking me with one of her removable "clip-on" cocks. I rolled out of the wet spot I had left on the bed, and more cum leaked out of me as I shifted. 

N must have changed the cum collection container she had strapped to my leg (at least once), and I could see my thick white semen steadily filling up the transparent container as the pump gently sucked it through the catheter tube attached to the chastity device in which N kept my penis imprisoned.

As I rubbed my eyes and stretched, I barely had time to start to process how far beyond my limits N had pushed me yesterday - just six days into what was going to be a long month of slavery - before N's perfect, almost-naked body walked through the door. She hopped into bed with me and straddled my face. Staring up at her smooth pussy, which was barely concealed by a pair of white lace panties, I felt my helpless cock once again start to push against its confinement.

N looked down at me with her brown eyes over her large but perky tits, which today had hard, dark-coloured nipples that must have been about 1.5 centimetres long, with a gentle smile. "We're going to have fun today - you earned a break from seeing me fuck other men and pushing your limits. Now open up - I've got a nice gooey breakfast for you." 

As N lowered her pussy to my lips without even pulling the thin lace panties aside, I could see her clitoris protruding through the fabric. She rubbed it across my lips a few times and then let me suck on it through the panties, emitting moans as I did. But my "breakfast" was already on its way, and N repositioned herself so that her opening covered my mouth, leaving her clit practically sticking up my nose. 

Warm, thick, stringy cum - the only substance I had consumed for nearly a week now - started to seep through her underwear and quickly overflowed from the sides of the thin strip of fabric between her legs. I obediently licked, sucked and swallowed as N let the creampie leak into me from her pussy. While her internal storage vessels contained only a fraction of the various bodily fluids N had collected (including, it turned out, large volumes of my wife's urine before she left on her travels), she still easily had around 2 litres of cum that she could potentially feed me before needing a refill. 

After letting me consume at least half a cup, N turned around and got on all fours, removing her now-soaked panties in the process and slipping them into my ass like she had done the day before, but leaving them only part of the way in this time. The view of her ass as she bent over made my attempt at an erection even more painful, and N played with my confined cock as it pulsed inside the chastity device.

"You like this ass, don't you?" she said and lowered it towards my eagerly-awaiting tongue. As the tip of my tongue made contact with her tight hole, she relaxed it and I saw the second portion of my morning creampie eating session was on its way. First, she let me slide my tongue in, then she closed her artificial muscles around it and pushed me back out with a small portion of cum. After several of these small doses, however, N reached back and spread her ass cheeks apart, relaxing her muscles and gaping her ass. As she moved to a more vertical position, I saw a huge pool of white liquid and opened wide, just in time for N to create a seal by sitting directly on my lips and letting the contents of her cum-filled ass pour into my mouth.

There was so much of my cum flowing down that she had to push down against my mouth to maintain the seal in order to prevent any from leaking out, until I had swallowed enough for the remainder to fit inside my cheeks.

"I really enjoy feeding you this way," said N as she turned around to face me again and let her long nipples rub against my chest. "I can tell by the way your cock is throbbing inside its cage that you really liked it too, you dirty slut. But I'm afraid you still have much more to do before you earn an orgasm." 

"I don't want you forgetting exactly how fantastic it will be, though..." As N said this she pulled the cum collection tube out of me and removed my chastity belt, helping my cock expand to a full-on hard erection by rubbing her cum-and-saliva covered pussy along the top of it. 

"Your reward for yesterday is that you are going to get to fuck me. In every single hole. But I will not let you have an orgasm. I may drive you over the edge so that you ejaculate, but you're not going to have the satisfaction of an orgasm - and you know the punishment will be ruthless if you disobey," N warned.

With this, she pivoted her hips and her soft, warm pussy swallowed my throbbing penis whole. I could feel her engorged clitoris against my pelvis just above the base of my cock, and she wiggled back and forth to stimulate herself even more. We moaned together, and I felt the cum that continued to leak out of me lubricating her insides as N moved slowly up and down my cock, squeezing it with the many different artificial muscles she had inside of her robotic pussy. 

N kept going at a slow enough pace to keep me moving gradually towards orgasm, but the neural interface chip she had put in my back enabled her to keep me from going over the edge. At one point when she had me fully inside of her, N stopped and tightened her pussy right at the base of my cock, which had the same effect as a cock ring, making the rest of me bulge inside of her. As this happened, she turned on some kind of suction function that made the sides of her soft pussy press in against me, creating a sensation that was close to driving me over the edge.

"I'm just cleaning out the cum inside here before we move on to the anal sex," she said, smiling as she knew I did not want this to stop. Once she released me, my cock slipped out of her pussy with a wet pop.

Next N got on her back with her ass at the edge of the bed. She pulled her feet up behind her head, holding her legs down under her elbows, and told me to fuck her ass as hard as I could. I got up and lined my cock up with her glistening wet asshole, happy to oblige. I pushed my cock in so quickly that if N had been a human the sudden entrance would have been very painful. I let my cock slide all the way in, to the very base, then I put my hands on N's shoulders and began to pound my cock into her ass as hard as I could. N writhed and moaned under me, asking me to fuck her harder and harder. I did my best to oblige her, and the force of my thrusts even started to push the heavy oak bed across the floor.

This intense sex did not last long, though, as N sensed the orgasm building fast. As I thrust into her, nearing the edge, she released her legs that she had been holding down with her arms and wrapped them around my waist, holding me inside of her as she once again tightened her opening around the very base of my cock and seemed to suck everything that was inside of her ass (including a fair amount of fresh cum that had leaked out of me while I fucked her) up into her body.

N gave me a coy look, like she had enjoyed this sweet torture of letting me fuck her without an orgasm, and pushed me away with her feet, my rock-hard cock leaving her ass gaping open as it came out. Pulling me back into bed, N lay me on my back and grabbed my balls with one hand, then inserted 2 fingers of her other hand into my ass, where they quickly found my prostate. I moaned in pleasure, the stimulation making me feel like I could possibly orgasm without her even touching my cock.

"This is going to be a delicate blowjob," said N, "it will probably be some of the most magnificent suffering you will ever experience, though," she added as she put her lips around the tip of my cock. N proceeded to squeeze my balls as she moved her lips further down my shaft. She kept her jaw slack, but as my dick hit the back of her mouth and entered her throat, the pressure increased.

Her strokes were slow - as if she was enjoying sucking on every inch of me - and when she pushed her lips down to the base of my cock, with the tip deep in her throat, she would occasionally let out deep groans that would vibrate through me and increase my arousal. 

As the "delicate" cock-sucking proceeded, N began to increase the pressure with her tongue as she moved her head up and down with slow but delightful strokes. I had hardly noticed that two fingers in my ass had increased to three, but I let out a gasp as she slipped the remaining two in, pausing the blowjob to work her entire fist into my ass.

N carefully moved her hand around inside of me, touching all the right spots to turn me on and make me feel like she had complete control of my sexual sensations as she sucked my cock and squeezed my balls at the same time. Doing all three at the same time was no challenge for her, the way it would have been for a human.

The process of edging me took extreme care. This was not fast or intense sex now. It was slow, erotic and sensual. N was keeping me at the very height of arousal, moving slowly and touching me gently. She managed to torture me this way for at least half an hour, forcing me to submit to her despite the extremely strong temptation to try to start bucking my hips while she had me in her mouth in an attempt to get over the edge.

While any human would have quickly tired of the task of edging, N could go on for days if she wanted. Today her edging blowjob lasted a full hour, leaving me trembling and begging her to let me have an orgasm. Towards the end, she was simply blowing air on the tip of my cock, keeping me on the verge of coming.

Once we finished the marathon (for me) session of sweet, sensual torture, N took me in for my morning cleaning and feeding. This time was going to be different, however, because she knew I was extremely aroused and my body had spent the last 24 hours absorbing the massive amounts of cum she had filled me with through every orifice possible.

N had set up a special hanging harness in the "wet room" shower that would allow her to strap my hands and legs in place, while also giving her easy access to the various parts of my body that she would use to clean out my insides and deposit the special feeding solution. 

Hanging horizontally with my hands fastened by my sides and my legs spread apart, my erect cock hanging below me with no way of coming into contact with anything, I watched as N stepped out and brought back a new device from her room. 

It was hard to tell what it was - it looked like just a large box, slightly more than 1 metre on each side, with a few tubes coming out of it. N removed the shower head and hooked one of the tubes up to the water supply, while she snaked the other one down the drain. The box itself was placed directly below me, and when N activated it I watched as the top slid back to reveal coiled-up tentacles of various sizes. 

I looked at N with surprise, and she just replied, "yes, this actually is happening - I control them remotely and they are all fully-articulated, covered in soft latex, and even the thinnest ones, which could easily slip up into your urethra, have piping to inject or remove whatever liquids I choose into or out of wherever they are inserted.

As she said this, four of the tentacles had risen and slid around each of my thighs, the base of my cock, and my neck. I they constricted slightly, gripping me tightly and with surprising rigidity. 

With N standing completely naked in front of me, two more rose from the box and headed for my mouth and ass. I watched as the one that entered my ass stopped after about one metre of carefully snaking its way up into my intestines. Then an hourglass-shaped bulge appeared to be making its way up the tentacle from out of the box. N explained that this would help ensure a good seal while she flushed my insides. When it reached my butt, I felt my anus stretching as the huge diameter of the top of the hourglass pushed its way in, with no friction as it was already encased in the tentacle that was inside me.

The seal popped into place, leaving me feeling completely filled, and N explained that the tentacle would begin filling my insides with water, and extracting everything until I was clean again after having my insides thoroughly marinated in cum yesterday. As the pressure from the water built, I could feel the tentacle slowly extract itself back to the large plug. The pressure then suddenly released as the system drained, and then the tentacle worked its way back up into me.

Because it needed to go much deeper, N explained, a smaller tentacle would now slide further into me from inside the thicker one that was already 1 full metre inside of me. As this process continued, the tentacle near my mouth pushed against my lips and I let it in. As this one slid down my throat, N tightened the band around my neck, heightening the sensation of the slick, soft thing pushing its way towards my stomach. This one did something to empty the cum I had swallowed in the morning and not yet digested, and then seemed to probe further into me until finally both ends met, according to N.

After about two hours of this, the process was complete, and N's nutrient solution that somehow prevented me from feeling hungry and kept my semen production in overdrive was deposited deep inside of me. Before taking me down from the harness, N produced a new chastity device and cum collection unit.

This new one was some kind of hybrid, with a long and flexible storage container that she said would inflate up to 2 metres long inside of me as it filled with cum, using my empty insides for extra storage space. The pump unit also stayed inside of my ass, while my cock was sucked into a skin-tight sheath between my legs, pushing my balls off to either side.

Now free to stand up, I watched N produce a new variation on the "pussy panties". These were what appeared to be lycra shorts, but that looked and felt like flesh on the outside. These new shorts went partway down my thighs and up to just over my belly button. Inside they contained padding and were carefully moulded to fit the contours of my body without revealing anything on the outside.

There were no "panties" on these new pants, though. Instead there was a very realistic-looking pussy, complete with a self-lubricating cavity that ran from the base of my cock up towards my navel. It had a realistic-looking ass as well, although "this version doesn't allow for anal sex, and we're using your real ass for something else right now anyway," N told me.

As she fitted me into this complex new device, N carefully tucked my balls up and under the skin at the base of my penis, and I felt internal bands tighten around my hips and through groin to hold everything in place while still allowing relatively unrestricted movement.

While matching the colour of my skin, we still had to cover the "seams" at the top and bottom of my new pussy pants. N glued set of tits to me and then gave me a white satin corset, suspenders, stockings and blonde wig to put on. I got dressed, and then let N put on makeup and other finishing touches. She clearly had plans to take me out.

While I had been dressed up by N before, this was by far the most complex outfit to date. I now had a life-like pussy, complete with neatly-trimmed hair and "meaty" lips protruding from it, instead of just panties that appeared to have the contour of a pussy underneath. N took me to the bedroom, letting me look at myself in the mirror. I was hot - I turned myself on!

N moved the mirror over next to the bed and told me to lie down on my back. She held it so that I could spread my legs and get a good look at my new pussy. I felt the neural interface with my tits and pussy flick on, and N told me to play with myself for her. I rubbed a nipple through the lace covering my tits the top of the corset and slid my other hand down to explore what was between my legs. 

The sensation was amazing. As much as I tried, I could not feel any lumps or bumps that gave away my manhood that was tightly compressed underneath. The material must have been the same as N's "flesh" because it felt just as realistic. As I reached the clitoris I got a whole new sensation, making my well-concealed cock attempt to expand and the fake pussy start to get wet. 

N told me to keep playing with my nipples and clitoris for a few more minutes, then said I should try out the pussy itself. I slid two fingers easily into the tight opening, which was already wet with lubrication. The sensation of entering myself was almost as arousing as the clitoris, and I felt around inside, discovering areas that were more sensitive to simulate a g-spot.

Sensing I was getting too excited, N put the mirror aside and grabbed my arms, pushing them back above my head on the bed. She climbed over me and told me it was her turn, putting a nipple into my mouth. As I licked and sucked on her long, firm nipples, N moaned and put one of my hands back between her legs, letting me rub her clitoris. While I couldn't touch myself any more, the neural interface with my pussy kept telling it that I was extremely aroused, and I could "feel" the wetness begin to leak out of my pussy. 

N kept me going until she had her own orgasm, squirting some of my semen from her nipples into my mouth as she came. I eagerly sucked harder, trying to get more to come out as she shuddered and moaned. 

This amused N, and she observed that I was truly on my way to becoming her cum slut, even if I still had a great deal to do to convince her I deserved an orgasm. "And if I sense even the slightest hesitance to clean up the creampie you'll make when I finally let you cum, your punishment will be exceptionally severe," N added as if she was hoping to catch me hesitating.

With the morning of sweet edging torture and cleaning, plus a short session of playing with my new pussy, we were already well into the afternoon. Despite having consumed no food or liquids, N's nutrient solution was doing its job and I continued to feel full of energy, without a hint of thirst or hunger. N opened my wife's wardrobe, asking what she liked to wear for summer walks. I pointed to a medium-length linen dress she often wore, but N decided this was too modest.

Instead, N gave me an off-white polka-dot dress with a clasp around the neck but no sleeves. This conveniently covered the seams where my breasts were glued on, which a close observer might notice. The dress was just long enough to cover the top end of the stockings, but only if I was standing still and straight. I would definitely be attracting stares in this outfit. N looked approvingly at the sexy woman she was about to take out for a walk, and then reached up into my dress, faking surprise as she said, "oh, looks like we forgot your panties!" 
