 Today I was summoned by the Master to His chambers. I was quick to kneel at His feet as He played with my hair stroking it slowly and the back of my neck while He was reading. The substance rippled giving me small pleasure teasing my cock in time with the gentle stroking of my neck. He chanted a quick spell and felt the substance contract around my cock holding it firm and erect away from my body. Looking into my eyes He ordered.

"Stand with your back to the cross in the corner, hands up along it now slave."

I rushed to comply with His orders, my cock bouncing in the substance not wanting to feel the pain if the Master felt I wasn't eager enough. The Master stood and walked over to the cross locking my wrists and ankles in place. Looking into my eyes with his deep blue ones as He gave the back of my neck a gentle caress. He gave me a deep kiss and I felt the sexual power flow in and out of me with the contact. The substance squeezing my cock as it pressed to The Master's groin.

The Master broke contact and stepped back chanting a ritual. The substance started to squeeze me keeping me erect but unable to cum pulsing to the rhythm of the chant. Then it spread back towards my asshole teasing around the edge like a tongue. I squirmed in the bounds as my body was played with. The Master stopped and wrote down a note in his sex journal then the Master picked up a vial of something I did not recognize. The Master stepped forward and looked into my eyes. "I need to perform a experiment. Just give into the pleasure and I will not give you pain. If you fight then the substance will keep you in line."

He poured the vial onto the substance and it changed from black to a dark gray/silver color. The substance started to grow and surround my body. Encasing me it spread and I tried not to panic. It invaded my ass and grew up on my chest to cover my nipples teasing them. Pulses of pleasure building as it continues to climb over me then up along my neck. Then it stops as Master watches the energies pulsing out of him into the substance then I feel a burn from my ankles to my neck. The substance then withdraws slowly moving back as the Master chants. It returns to just my cock and balls staying the dark gray color and squeezes my cock to give it pleasure. I gasp as I look down and all the hair on my body is now gone.

The Master smiles and writes down some notes in a journal. He steps forward again and whisper in my ear. "I used some magic there so you will be replenishing it for me. I love having a conduit as a bitch."

He releases my hands and I drop to the floor with my ass in the air. On my hands and knees as the Master steps behind me. The substance grips me and squeezes making me moan as His hands spread my ass wide. I hear the sound of His clothes being dropped and feel His cock rubbing up against my substance covered cock.

He pulls my hair back in his hand as His cock teases mine with ripples of substance. He whispers in my ear, "Guide me in conduit, place your Master in His hole, You are Mine."

I reply, "Yes Master" as I reach back and guide His dick to my tight ass. Feeling it slide through my grip as I am penetrated again. The magic of it starting up the moment His perfect cock fills my ass. I squeeze my hole around me trying to mimic the ripples around my substance covered cock. My eyes glaze over in submission and pleasure. The Masters hips pulling back as He starts to fuck me with power and control. He starts to chant and His cock pounds in deep in time to the music of the fuck. I am taken completely as the power channels in and out of us as I push my ass back to fuck harder.

"Yes Master, fuck your bitch use me. I need more" The power overwhelming me as it channels between us. My cock hard in the substance as I cum hard from being used. The Master grinds up into my ass and growls before pounding me hard again. My hole being wrecked by his magnificent member. He flips me over onto my back pulling out then plunges in again with my legs on his shoulders. I look into His eyes as lust and sex overwhelm Him and He cums hard into my ass. The substance squeezed my cock around me in pain/pleasure mix that makes me squeal as He collapses on top of me. Breathing hard He keeps Himself plugged into my ass. He chants a few words and I drift to sleep with Him on top of me.

***

If you like this writing feel free to give feedback.