 Eldon decides to spend some time with Gloria, but will he be able to get over his feelings for Jessica, or is he just deluding himself? Either way, life is about to get interesting for the twins. 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 03 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

The Kiss 

Eldon ordered his roc to descend. The bird dropped gently to the ground and took a few steps to slow its momentum. His chariot, as he'd referred to it to Gloria, was surprisingly graceful despite its large size. Gloria let go of him, before dropping to the ground. It'd felt nice having her hold him. For a small time, he was able to forget about Jessica and his broken heart, but it was time to end the charade. 

"What are we doing here?" Gloria asked as Eldon joined her on the ground. "I thought we were going to the Pillar of Earth's capitol city for some drinks." 

"Okay, my sister is out of earshot," Eldon said, turning to face the succubus next to him. "You can go do whatever else you want. I'll tell Shelly that we had a great time together, or something. I'm sure if I smile enough, she'll buy whatever I tell her." 

"Or something?" Gloria asked, raising one delicate eyebrow. Then her eyebrows drew together in anger. "You think she's paying me to spend time with you? I'm a succubus, not a whore!" 

Eldon backed away from her, holding his hands up, palm out. "I didn't mean it like that. I just figured that since she set this whole thing up, we could stop pretending and go our separate ways. I appreciate what you said about me back there, but let's be honest with each other. We're both doing this as a favor to my sister." 

"I wasn't pretending back there," Gloria snapped, flinging her arm out to point behind her. "I really did want to meet Sheldon Lance. Why is that so hard for you to believe?" 

He wanted to believe her, but wasn't sure. He'd lived in his father's shadow his whole life. He had no idea that anyone would want to meet him because of what he did for a living. Was he really that well known? He felt his ego puff up a bit and couldn't deny he liked how that made him feel. 

"I just assumed—" he began to tell her, but she cut him off. 

"Assumed what? That because I was a succubus, a soul sucking creature, that all I ever do is pretend?" She grabbed the red cap off her head and threw it to the ground in anger. "I thought the son of Lyden Snow would know better than that. Your father always treated the succubae with respect whenever we've seen him. Now there's a man who knows how to treat a woman, and doesn't make assumptions about them based on what species they are." 

"My father?" he asked. "My father wasn't around very much, growing up. Oh, don't get me wrong, I know he tried and he loves me, but with all of his wives and responsibilities, his time was stretched pretty thin." Eldon sighed and tried to gather his thoughts. "You're right, though. I was raised better than that, and I'm sorry. I honestly didn't intend to offend you. I know Shelly worries about me, and I haven't exactly been the best person to be around lately. That's why she set this whole thing up." He gestured between them. "I thought I was in love or something. Well, not love. I didn't know her well enough, but she... She treated me in a way no one ever has." He couldn't help but remember how she'd reacted to his deformity. Instead of ridiculing him, she accepted it and even treated it as a positive thing. 

"Because of your cock?" Gloria asked. Eldon's head snapped up at her words, his eyes wide. "I can read surface thoughts, remember? I'm a succubus?" 

He felt his cheeks burn as he realized what he'd just been thinking. She'd seen all of it in his head. Jessica could read surface thoughts also, though she emphatically denied being a succubus. 

"I don't know any succubus by the name of Jessica," Gloria said next. "Your sister told me about what you consider a deformity, and I still chose to meet you. It's not that big a deal, really." 

"Because you're a succubus," he said with a hint of acid. He was getting tired of having her read his thoughts. It didn't help that his sister was talking about his twisted penis with strangers. She had no right to talk about that. 

"You need to get over your hang-up about me being a succubus," she chided him. "I can't control what I am, but I can control how I treat people. You don't like people thinking something's wrong with you because you have a different reproductive organ than everybody else. I don't like people throwing what I am in my face." 

Eldon was speechless for a moment. "You don't understand," he said shaking his head and turning away. 

"I don't?" she laughed. Something in her voice made him turn back and look at her. She had her eyebrow arched again and an incredulous look on her face. "You know nothing about me. All you know is what I am, and that's enough for you to know what I do and don't understand?" 

As Gloria's words sunk in, Eldon couldn't stop a soft laugh from bubbling up. Gloria's face went an angry shade of red as she glared at him. 

"I can't believe this!" She stomped her foot. She bent over, picked up her red hat and brushed it off before putting it back on her head, pulling her blue and blonde ponytail through the back. "You're right, there's no sense in continuing this." She turned to go and already had her leathery black wings out to fly away when Eldon found his voice to stop her. 

"I'm not laughing at you," he told her. "I'm laughing at how foolish I was being." She stopped with her wings spread wide, but didn't turn around. Shouldn't she know what was in his head? "You're right, of course. I made assumptions that I shouldn't have. I don't know anything about you, other than what you are, and I let that rule how I treated you." Eldon watched as she tucked her wings against her body and turned to face him. She didn't put them away, however, and he knew he had more work to do. "I'm sorry. You mentioned getting drinks. I can't think of a better way to get to know who you are. That is, if you're still willing?" 

He held his hand out to her. She looked at it with skepticism. For a moment he was sure she was going to turn away. When she finally stepped forward and took it, he couldn't hide his relief. 

"One condition," she told him. 

"Name it," he replied. He felt terrible for the way he'd treated her and wanted to make it up to her. 

"Make any comments or remarks about me being a succubus, and I'll make sure all my friends will know." 

Eldon wasn't sure what her threat meant, but suspected that having the wrath of the succubae would be a bad thing. 

* * * * 

Eldon's laughter boomed off the rafters in the tavern. "You're kidding me!" he gasped, looking at Gloria with shock. "You didn't really do that, did you?" 

Gloria's smile was broad as it split her lips. "Yeah, and you should have seen her face. Of course, that was before she became the Pillar of Fire, or even met your father." 

"What happened after that?" Eldon asked. 

"Well, we were on Earth, so we couldn't really talk about what we were. I took her under my wing and taught her a trick or twenty. As old as I am, she taught me a thing or two as well." 

"Did you ever meet my grandfather?" He'd heard a lot about the man that at one time ruled over the succubae. He thought he would have gotten along with him and regretted that he'd died before Eldon was born. 

"Now there was a man who knew how to please a woman," Gloria laughed. "Shemhazau was a lot of fun before he disappeared. I was sorry to hear what happened to him." She took a sip of her wine. "To friends and family," she toasted, holding her glass up. 

"Friends and family," he parroted, clinking his earthenware mug against her glass. He took a sip of his beer, looking at the woman across from him. Even knowing what she was—he refused to think the word, lest he offend her again—he couldn't deny her personality was attractive. She wasn't hard to look at either, but he knew she could look however she wanted. 

"What about you?" Gloria asked him. Her cheeks were a bit rosy, but she didn't sound or act drunk in any way. "I'm sure that living with your sister, there have to be a few embarrassing stories." 

"Shelly?" he asked, trying to think. He couldn't think of anything as embarrassing as one succubus accidentally seducing another one. "Not really." 

"Oh, come on," Gloria pressed. "Your sister is quite the good looking woman. You mean to tell me the two of you never..." 

"No!" he shot back. "She's my sister. That's just plain gross." The thought of doing anything with his sister didn't nauseate him, but it didn't appeal either. As far as he was concerned, Shelly was a human that he fought alongside. She was a companion and a friend. Yes, she was his twin sister, but there were only familial feelings there. Nothing more. 

"Sorry," she said, mollified. "I meant no offense. It wouldn't bother me in the least if you—okay, okay. Forget I mentioned it." 

"I'm not offended," he said. The mood had perceptibly changed and he tried to figure out how to get her to smile again. "I don't get out much, so there isn't a lot of opportunity for embarrassing situations. Unless you count last week when I got caught kissing a girl while I looked like her boyfriend. He seemed pretty pissed about it, but she didn't mind too much. She even admitted I was a better kisser!" 

He was rewarded by a smile on her lips, though he tried to hide the pang that went through him. Jessica had saved him from that situation before it became violent. 

"Well, that doesn't sound very embarrassing," Gloria smirked at him. "She thought you were a good kisser, huh? A regular human girl like her likely doesn't know what a real kiss can be like." 

"Are you implying that I can't really kiss, or just that she was naive?" he asked, his ego feeling challenged. 

She regarded him over the lip of her glass, sipping more at her wine before answering. "Oh, I'm sure you know how to kiss. Any fool can kiss. But not every person can make their partner's knees weak." Her voice dropped an octave as she caressed every word. "Can you kiss well enough to fill a woman with desire and need? Can you make her gasp for air, but not want to let go? Can you kiss a woman and make her forget about everything around her? Make her want to rip off her clothing no matter who is around or watching?" 

Eldon shifted in his seat, his pants uncomfortably tight after her pointed questions. Her sultry voice worked up conflicting emotions. Desire for her welled up, while indignation at her assumption that he didn't know how to please a woman tried to take dominance. Of course he knew how to please a woman! Just because she was a succubus, didn't mean that he was incapable of... 

It dawned on him what she was up to. She'd raised one eyebrow when he thought about her being a succubus, but she hadn't said anything. He smiled at her, took a sip of his beer and sat back in his seat. 

"I guess there's only one way to find out," he said, answering her question with a confident statement. "Come here," he commanded her. 

Her smile broadened as she stood up and walked around the table. When she was right next to where he sat, she raised an eyebrow in question. He patted his leg as he looked her in the eyes. "I don't want to have to catch you when your knees grow weak." 

"You think so?" she challenged, but sat in his lap. She had a small rear and wriggled it against the bulge pressing against his zipper. He was thankful that he was still in another man's form. His real phallus wouldn't fit within the tight confines of the trousers he wore. 

"So? Are you going to kiss me, or what?" She wrapped her arms around his neck, but made no other moves. 

"Some things shouldn't be rushed," he told her. Reaching forward, he picked up her glass of wine. She looked at him, waiting to see where he was going. He kept his mind blank, not wanting to tip her off to what he was planning. 

He took a sip of her wine, but didn't swallow. He wasn't a fan of the liquid, but enjoyed the way it made his tongue tingle with its tangy flavor. He waited a couple more seconds before swallowing. 

"You know, there is such a thing as too much preperat—" She was cut off as Eldon leaned in and brushed her lips with his. He pulled back, looked her in the eyes and smiled. Before she could speak again, he brought his right hand up to cup her chin and brought her face to his. Her grin turned into a soft moan as their lips met again. 

He used his lips to separate hers, but didn't bring his tongue into play yet. His left arm slipped around her waist, and he pulled her to him. He felt her tongue venture out to tease along his lips, but he didn't take the bait. She tilted her head some more, allowing him to drop his right hand to her waist. Her arms tightened around his neck, pulling him deeper into the kiss, but still his tongue remained in his mouth. 

Her tongue slid across his teeth, but he didn't let it pass. When she groaned in frustration, he opened up. She shivered as her muscle entered his mouth and was met with is. For a moment the two instruments battled against each other, both seeking dominance. 

He had to admit that she was talented with her mouth. Her lips writhed against his, bringing lascivious thoughts of what else she might be capable of. His cock was growing almost painful, filled with blood and desire for the delicious woman wiggling in his lap. His left hand travelled up her back, his fingers curling into her shirt, pulling them even closer together. 

He wanted to lay her down and rip off her clothing. He couldn't remember the last time he was turned on to this degree. Some portion of his brain that wasn't overcome with lust knew that they had an audience, but he didn't care. The other patrons in the tavern were going to see just how good he was at kissing. 

...how good he was. He realized he was falling under her spell, allowing her to win, and brought his thoughts back into focus. Clearing his mind, he twisted his tongue around to caress the invading one in his mouth. She moaned again as their bodies rubbed together along with their mouths. He moved his right hand around to her rear, giving the muscles there a firm massage. 

His mind started going over thoughts of what he could do with that small rear. He was certain that if he could just get her pants off, he could be within her in seconds, making her moan even more. He didn't care about their audience. He wanted to feel her. A moan escaped his lips as he imagined what she would feel like, wrapped around his hardness. The look on her face as he slipped in and out of her, bringing them both closer to— 

He cut the thought off, sensing himself growing close to losing this battle in more ways than one. Her resulting moan was half frustration, half need. 

Both tongues still writhed, still sought some weakness to exploit and gain dominance. It was time for the finishing move. 

He was careful as he closed his teeth. Her tongue abandoned the fight, fleeing back into its home safety. He charged after, penetrating her mouth. 

Her body convulsed in his lap, a throaty moan escaping her mouth and resonating into him. 

"Enough!" she gasped, trying to catch her breath. Her chest heaved as she looked at him with wild eyes. She leaned in and gave him a peck on the lips, another moan escaping her before she could pull back. "We're getting out of here, now." 

The tavern erupted in cheers and applause as Gloria pulled Eldon up by the wrist and hauled him out. 

"I cheated and you still got me off first," she complained. Before he had a chance to respond, she shoved him up against the wall, plastering her body against his and kissed him with passion. "Argh," she grunted after a second. "If you don't get us out of here, I'm going to end up raping you right here." 

He was about to comment that she could do whatever she wanted to, but he noticed a couple passersby, and decided to get out of there. The last thing he needed was for Gaia to get word of this and pass it on to his mother. He knew Gaia saw everything that happened in her domain, but that didn't mean she paid attention to it all. 

"You cheated?" he asked after whistling for his roc. He was having a hard time thinking straight as he watched her small rear swaying before him. 

She giggled guiltily and flashed him a smile. "How quickly you forget what I am, Eldon. I cranked up my pheromones and did my best to flood your system with lust. I've only ever known one person with enough self control to resist me, but that was ages ago. You're just full of surprises." 

His bird was waiting for them on the edge of the city, and they clambered onto her back. Gloria sat in front of him. He kept her fire stoked as they flew to his home, both of them on edge, remaining on the precipice, but neither stepping over that ledge. 

* * * * 

Eldon's front door slammed open with two bodies entwined, forcing their way in. Gloria's hands were on his cheeks, their mouths working against and with each other. Eldon grabbed the hem of her shirt, tugging it up and off. There was no bra. Their mouths had to separate momentarily, but the hunger between them could not be denied. As soon as the shirt was free, their passion continued to envelope them. 

Eldon's hands dropped down the succubus's back to her tiny rear. Cupping a cheek in each hand, he lifted her up. Her legs wrapped around his waist, her pelvis beginning a rhythmic grinding against his. He moaned as wanton lust flooded his system, making him want more. Needing more. His bedroom was too far away, but the couch was right there. 

She was light in his arms as he walked over to the furniture. Feeling mischievous, having no doubt that some of his desire was being induced by the succubus's skills, he dumped her on the couch without warning or preamble. 

He laughed as she squealed. Her chest bounced as she landed, but there was a twinkle in her eyes as she smiled up at him. He took a moment to take in her beauty, getting a good look at her chest for the first time. Her nipples were small and hard on top of her grapefruit sized breasts. 

"Are you just going to stare, or are you going to come here and take advantage of me?" She asked. She bit her bottom lip in a way that made him want to jump on top of her and ravish her in every way. 

Through some unknown reserve he held back, stepping up to the couch. He unbuttoned his pants, and let them slide to the floor, freeing his hard phallus. The man he'd copied would never be a porn star, but it was plenty thick and hard. Veins pulsed along it in time with his heartbeat. 

"Why don't you come here and take care of me first?" He asked. She smiled as she met his eyes, but it faded as she looked down at his manhood. 

"That's a fine specimen," she said, her voice thoughtful, "but I want to see the real Eldon's Lance." 

He wilted inside for a moment. He couldn't do that. She might be a succubus, but he was too self-conscious to show that to her. 

"Please!" she pleaded with him. Her hands rubbed up her sides to her mammaries. Cupping her flesh, Eldon could see how firm her breasts were as she massaged them. She met his eyes as she pinched her nipples. "I already know from your mind, Eldon. I'm not afraid." Her hands dropped to her pants, quickly undoing the fastenings and shoved them down and off. "I want to see it. I want to feel it. I want to have you right here. Mmm," she moaned as she slipped a finger into her slit. Her labia were small, but it already glistened with her fluids and desire. 

That did it. There was something inside him that went nuts when he saw a woman fingering herself. He knew that she was aware of his decision before he changed because of her triumphant smile. 
