 AUTHOR'S Warning: This chapter introduces a sex scene unlike any other in the TSS world that I have created. Some of you may find it disturbing, due to the incest. I'll warn you now, this WILL NOT be a major theme in this book. You can stop reading before the sex scene, and not miss much as far as story goes. If this subject bothers you, please understand that this story is a work of fiction. I do not condone any form of sex between unwilling partners. The sex scene in this chapter was written for plot and character development. Now that that is out of the way, please enjoy this chapter! 

The twins have their work cut out for them as they rush to rescue Brooke, one of the heroes of the Chaos War. What challenges do they face, and who is the real monster? 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 04 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Rescuing Down Under 

"For the record, I still say this is a bad idea," Shelly's brother complained. 

"You've said that already," she reminded him. Shelly didn't add that she wasn't enthusiastic about the plan either. "I'm sure Marchosias isn't as bad as he once was." 

They were winging their way over Water's domain. The rain pelted them but didn't affect the huge birds. The same couldn't be said about their miserable riders. Nothing could be seen in all directions but blue water and gray sky. They had to yell to be heard while riding the two rocs, but the wind and rain wasn't bad enough to make hearing too difficult. 

"You don't believe that anymore than I do," Gloria yelled. She was holding onto Eldon, while Jessica sat behind Shelly. "Demons don't change. At least, not very often. I ought to know." 

She didn't qualify that statement, and Shelly chose not to press it. They all had their secrets. 

"I don't trust her," Jessica muttered in her ear. "But I agree with Eldon about this plan. Isn't there a better escape route than going through the human world?" 

"That's the closest portal," Shelly said. "Unless you know of another one that'll be closer to Varun's castle?" No response came. "Or some better way to escape Varun once we have Aunt Brooke?" 

"What about the birds?" she pressed. "Why can't they take us out?" 

"We'll need to be out of Varun's domain as soon as possible. The rocs are fast, but not fast enough to escape the Pillar of Water in his demesne or his wrath." 

"What about the demon?" Jessica pressed. "Can he really be trusted?" 

"Can any demon?" Shelly shot back. 

That shut the other woman up. The plan wasn't perfect, no plan ever was, but it was the best one they had. Actually, it was the only one they had after hours of arguing about the best course of action. 

Marchosias's island came into view a few minutes later. It wasn't large as far as islands went, maybe a couple kilometers across at its widest point, narrowing slightly in an ovoid shape. Trees grew thick on its surface. The center rose up in a gentle hill. Shelly knew that Marchosias's cave and home was under that hill. Or maybe she should think of it as his lair. 

It was also where the Cyclopes worked. 

Their rides landed on the beach. The four companions were soaked to the bone from the incessant rain falling all around them. She ordered her roc to head for home and dry off, wishing she could go with the majestic bird. If it was possible, they became wetter as both birds flapped their wings, sending water off in all directions before they took to the air. 

"Hey Shelly! Hey Sheldon!" 

Shelly tried to hide her grimace as she turned to the new voice. It wasn't that she didn't like her brother/sister. Not exactly. She never felt comfortable around this sibling. She never knew whether to think of him/her as Brock or Bridget. It didn't help that Brooke's child could change gender at will. At least he/she was confined to the water, never able to leave for more than a few seconds. 

"Hey, Brock!" Eldon waived. She knew he was just as uncomfortable with this sibling, but he played it off better. "I thought we were meeting up with you after we talked to Marchosias." 

"Areth said you'd be here," Brock said. At least he was staying one gender. "Are we really going to go save my mom? I couldn't do anything when they came to get her, but with your help I'm going to make them pay!" 

"Areth?" Eldon groaned. "She's here?" He glanced around as if expecting an attack at any moment. 

"Someone has to keep an eye on you four," the pixie tittered. She flew down from the tree line and joined them. "I remember what happened the last time Jessica and Eldon got together. Are you two going to do any more perverted stuff?" She didn't even try to hide her excitement at the idea. 

"Not likely," Jessica said in a cold tone at the same time Eldon said, "I doubt it." 

The tension between those two grew by the moment. For her part, Shelly didn't know how she felt about Jessica and her brother getting back together. When they'd fooled around at the fairy spring, she didn't have any intention of doing more. Afterwards, as they'd talked on the way home, she found she got along with the other woman. 

"Was it really a good idea to send you with us?" Shelly asked. She'd heard stories about Areth and the demon Marchosias. Bringing her along didn't seem like the best idea. 

Areth tittered as she fluttered about in the rain. Despite her only being four inches tall, the rain didn't bother the fairy at all. It had to help that her element was water. "That's the best part! Lyden doesn't know. You won't tell him, will you?" Areth flew to within a couple inches of Shelly's face. She had to go cross-eyed to look at the winged woman. "Please!" 

"Go home, Areth," Shelly said in an even tone. It wouldn't do to insult or upset her, but she was more likely to cause problems than to be of any help. 

"Uh-uh," Areth stated, placing her hands on her hips. "I'm a responsible adult. Besides, it might be fun!" 

Shelly was about to argue further, but Brock interrupted. "Stop fighting you two. My mom is down there and we need to go get her. What does it matter if Areth comes along?" 

Because having a fairy on your side can be as dangerous as having a dragon with a toothache watching your back. You never know what they'll do next, she thought, but chose not to say. By the look in Eldon's eyes, he wanted to say much the same, but for once he kept his mouth shut. 

"Let's just get this over with," Shelly said after a couple seconds of tense silence. 

Everyone nodded with her statement, and they headed towards Marchosias's cave entrance. Dad told her where to find the shortcut into his cave, but when they arrived—without Brock, thankfully—it was nowhere to be seen. What they did find was a sign, pointing them to the main entrance. 

"I guess he wants us to do things the hard way," Eldon grimaced as he spoke. 

"Um, are you sure we can't just blast our way through?" Areth asked. She sounded uncharacteristically nervous. Shelly had never seen her aunt act anything other than curious and jubilant. To see her act this way made her nervous. 

"What's wrong?" she asked, trying to keep her voice level. 

"Wrong?" Areth squeaked. "Nothing's wrong. Why should anything be wrong? Brooke is in trouble. That's it! I mean, that's all. We should take the fastest way in so we can go save Brooke." 

"I'm sure Marchosias wouldn't appreciate us breaking through his walls to get to him," Gloria said, giving the fairy a doubtful look. "Besides, how helpful do you think he'll be if we anger him?" 

"But there are Cyclopes the other way!" Areth whined. "It's not that I'm scared, or anything, but there is only one man here, and I'd hate to see any of you delicate women disturbed by those horrendous creatures." 

"That's mighty altruistic of you," Gloria said with a twitch of her lips. She wasn't buying this act any more than Shelly was. "I'll have to tell you some time about when I tried to seduce one of those horrendous beasts during the Trojan War." 

"You did?" Areth asked, shuddering and giggling with girlish delight at the same time. Areth landed on the succubus's shoulder. 

"Not my favorite day, I'll tell you!" Gloria laughed as she started walking back to the beach. "He didn't have much tact and smelled worse than an ogre's armpit. What's worse, with only the one eye, he had no depth perception. He'd go to grab my breast and either miss, or it felt like he was shoving them into my spine. You don't even want to know about the fiasco when he tried to enter me. It's a good thing succubae are resilient. As it was, I didn't walk straight for a week!" 

Shelly noticed Jessica glaring as Gloria spoke, and wondered again what her deal with the succubae was. It was obvious she detested them, but refused to say why. She hoped it wouldn't become an issue on this mission. They needed to work together to rescue Brooke. 

They entered the cave as Gloria continued to regale Areth with her sordid past. Shelly glanced at her brother, wondering if hearing this from his latest lover would bother him, but he was being a typical male, more interested in the sex than the fact that it was his lover's past. Some of Gloria's stories couldn't be true. She even claimed to have seduced the Pillar of Darkness! Just how old was she? 

They heard the hammers and raucous sounds of the Cyclopes at work after they'd walked a decent length into the cave. A hush fell on them, no one daring to speak. Shelly wondered how the Cyclopes would hear anything over their own cacophony, but her father warned them not to make a peep if they had to enter this way. 

She glanced nervously over at Areth, but the tiny woman had somehow fallen asleep on Gloria's shoulder. Gloria saw her looking and winked while placing a finger over her lips. Shelly laughed silently as they continued walking. 

The next thing she noticed was the heat. The temperature was starting to rise into an uncomfortable level. She soon saw why. An opening in the side of the cavern revealed the tall, ugly, one-eyed monstrosities as they worked. Hammers lifted in thick hairy arms, only to come crashing down on white hot metal. The Cyclopes weren't even using gloves to handle the hot metal, often using their meaty fingers to shape their creations. 

Shelly didn't realize she'd stopped to watch until Jessica tugged her arm to get her moving again. It was almost hypnotic, the way they worked, heating the metal, then pulling it out and either banging on it, or using their hands to shape it, and then shoving it back into the fires to heat it to a searing white color. Most of these items would never leave this cave. Only the Cyclopes would use them, but those that did make it away would sell for a high price. There was a healthy black market for such items on Earth. 

The cave began to cool after that point, until they were almost shivering, though Shelly knew the cave was plenty warm. There was just that much of a difference between where the Cyclopes worked and Marchosias's portion of the cave. 

They knew when they'd entered the demon's domain, as softly glowing white orbs dotted the walls. They'd been warned about this as well. The glowing balls of light were traps, set by the demon to catch the unwary. Touch one, and you were stuck to it until the demon released you, or you cut off the appendage keeping you fixed to the light. 

They came to a large wooden door blocking their progress. 

"I guess we knock," Jessica said. The sudden voice was startling, considering no one had spoken since they passed the Cyclopes. 

Areth sat up and stretched on Gloria's shoulder, looking around in confusion. "How'd we get here?" she half mumbled, still trying to wake up. 

"Most of us walked," Eldon said with a grin. "Though there was one freeloader who insisted on taking a nap and making the rest of us do all the hard work." He winked at Gloria, and she adopted his teasing tones. 

"Next time I'm charging a ferrying fee. No free rides with me, young lady!" 

"I'll bet she's given more than her fair share of free rides," Jessica whispered in Shelly's ear. Shelly found humor in the comment, but didn't think Gloria deserved the rude remark. Thus far, Gloria had been the perfect companion, helping where needed and hardly complaining. The last couldn't be said about Jessica. 

To avoid saying anything in response, Shelly stepped up and knocked on the door. They waited, but nothing happened. Shelly knocked again, harder this time and the door creaked open. 

"Hello?" Shelly called, sticking her head into the room. Her heart thumped in her chest and her hands grew slick with sweat. She didn't see anyone. "Mr. Marchosias, sir? We need your help." 

Silence was her only answer. Where was he? Her dad had acted as though the demon always knew what happened in his area. He should know that they were coming for his aid, so where was he? 

She took a cautious step inside, followed by her companions. The room was stuffy and crowded, despite its large size. 

"Creepy," Jessica muttered, looking around. Shelly felt the woman's hand slip into hers. She didn't want to admit to herself how thankful she was the feel Jessica's firm grip, or the sweat in her hand also. She wasn't the only nervous person here. 

"Ooh, pretty!" Areth cooed, zipping past Shelly. 

"Areth! No!" she shouted, but it was too late. One of the glowing trap balls sat on a table in the middle of the room. Areth shot straight for it before anyone could stop her. 

As soon as the golden fairy's hands came into contact with the light, it flared to a brilliant, blinding white. Shelly had to cover her eyes, or risk being blinded. 

After a couple seconds, the light dimmed and Shelly dropped her hands to look around. Where the light had been, now stood a tall, powerfully built man. His strong jaw and sharp eyes fit within a face that was nothing short of perfection. If his body had been carved from marble, it wouldn't look more chiseled. Where some men could be called handsome, or rugged, this man was gorgeous. The only flaw was Areth's hands stuck to his cheeks. 

Marchosias puffed, blowing out the side of his mouth and the fairy tumbled through the air, righting herself before striking the wall. 

"You never learn, Arethusa," Marchosias laughed. Even his laughter sounded perfect, resonating from deep within his chest. He turned to look at all of them, and a small frown marred his otherwise perfect features. Shelly got the distinct impression that if she ever had cause to see him angry, it would mean her death. "Forgive me for not being there in person, but your father and I have never been on the best of terms. While I have no fear of you, I don't care to anger your father by destroying you." His eyes glanced around the room, taking them all in, until they land on Gloria. "Lilly! Long time no see. I believe it was during the American Civil War. You were playing the part of a southern belle, and I was a Northern Yankee." 

"It has been a while, Mark," Gloria smiled, "but I go by Gloria now." 

"Right," Marchosias nodded, "I might have heard something about that. Well, it's still good to see you. There aren't many out there that are up to your caliber. Anyway, I'm sure you're not here for a reunion, and I would like to return home as soon as possible. What is it I can do for you today?" 

Shelly didn't know if she liked the fact that Gloria and Marchosias had a history together, and from the way Eldon was glaring, he didn't either. It didn't bother her that Gloria had changed her name. She knew that many ancient creatures did that from time to time for various reasons. 

"Brooke was kidnapped and we need a way to enter Varun's demesne to rescue her," Jessica said, stepping forward to face the demon. 

"Ah, the prodigal daughter. Forgive me, but I don't see why you of all people care?" The remark was said off hand, but Jessica stepped back as though slapped, releasing Shelly's hand in the process. 

"Because she was asked to by my father, Demon," Eldon stepped forward to defend Jessica. 

Shelly shook her head at her brother's foolishness. If he understood women better, he'd know that the last thing Jessica wanted was to be defended. Though, glancing at the woman, Shelly was surprised to see a slight smile on her lips as she regarded Eldon. The smile slipped a moment later, and she shoved Shelly's brother to the side. 

"I don't need you defending me," Jessica turned on him. She squared her shoulders and faced Marchosias again. "Whether I care or not is no concern of yours. I was asked to come along, and I'm choosing to do so for my own reasons. Now, can you help us or not?" 

A rumble came from the demon's chest. It took Shelly a moment to realize that Marchosias was chuckling. "You have no secrets from me, little one. I see you for what you are, though you refuse to do so yourself. Yes, I will help you, though it's not out of the goodness of my own heart. Lord Varun has become increasingly difficult to deal with lately. I can't get involved directly, you understand, but if some thieves were to enter my domain while I'm away, steal a few potions, and leave—without touching anything else!—I can't be blamed, now can I?" 

Before anyone could answer, Marchosias shrunk back down into the glowing sphere. 

"So pretty!" Areth squealed as she zipped across the room. 

"Not this time!" Shelly snatched the fairy out of the air by her feet before she could touch the sphere again. She couldn't be sure, but she thought she heard the orb chuckle. 

"Drat!" Areth cursed as she tried to free her dainty feet. 

"Well, that's all well and good," Jessica groused as she glared at the globe, "but how are we to know which potions we're to steal?" 

"Oh, I know!" Areth piped up. "I was there when Lyden needed it last time. You see, he needed my help because he's colorblind and didn't know which potion was purple... or was it blue? Anyway, he needed my help, so I know which potion to grab." 

Shelly released the fairy and she zipped to one side of the room where a door was visible only because that portion of the wall wasn't cluttered. Eldon opened it for her and everyone followed her inside. 

"It was right back here last time," the fairy chattered as she zipped about what appeared to be some sort of storage closet. Various objects littered the room, from small skeletons—including a tiny hand— to gold coins, to half a cup of mold. Shelly noticed a sword in the ancient Japanese style that look very similar to paintings she'd seen of her father's blade, Murasame, except the blade was dull gray instead of striped with black and chrome. "Hmm, let's see. It's been what... twenty years? Now was it the blue potion, or the purple? I was rather distracted at the time, because Lyden had just done something very perverted to me, and I—" 

"I don't want to hear about that," Eldon snapped as he joined her in the back of the room. When Shelly joined them, she saw three neat rows of glasses filled with various colored liquids, all with stoppers on top. 

"Which color is it?" Jessica asked. Her eyebrows were knit together with concern as she looked at the prospects before her. Shelly remembered what Marchosias had said to Jessica earlier, and wondered again what secrets she held. They each held their own, but Shelly was becoming concerned that there were perhaps too many secrets in this group. 

"Purple! Yes, yes. Definitely... or was it blue?" Areth replied as she tapped on her chin. 

"What happens if we drink the wrong one?" Jessica asked. She looked worried, and Shelly couldn't blame her. She was the only one that would need to drink the potion. Sheldon could transform into a mermaid, having acquired that form years ago, and Shelly could become a sword for him, having no need to breathe. Gloria was a succubus and could become anyone's fantasy. Well, Areth might have to drink it as well, unless they could convince her to stay behind. 
