 The Subject 2: Further Research

Chapter One

Prologue 

The young scientist, her eyes intently staring into the miasma of numbers flashing across the screen before her, sighed dejectedly. Why wasn't the damnable thing working? She thought, and ran her hands through her dark brown hair.

"Rita," she said, not looking up from the computer read-out, "run series seven again, please?"

Rita, the pretty strawberry blonde assistant, jumped up from behind her terminal and entered the correct codes into the bank of computers that lined one wall. She hummed along to the music coming from the CD player atop her terminal table. The White Album was playing, John Lennon singing about the joys of a firearm of high temperature.

The scientist smiled as she watched Rita dance to the beat of the music, punching keys in time with the rhythm. She adored Rita's zest for life, and her ability to have fun, regardless of the hours of boring research she put herself through.

It was important research, the scientist reminded herself. If they could ever get it working, that is. Series seven was a specific voltage and amperage of electrical current, which would pass between two contacts within a large open cylindrical space in the center of the room. As it did so, the electrical current would be translated by the machinery and computers into a single stream of electrons, traveling at twice the speed of light. This stream would then be transmitted to a satellite relay dish on the roof of the building, beamed into space, and reflected back to a receiver dish on the other side of the room, where a second cylinder, much smaller, would convert it back into electrical current.

The possibility of 'broadcasting' energy without a conduit was the driving force of the research. The scientist hoped for the day when solar collection satellites would beam all of earth's energy to collection centers. With the possibility of ending man's reliance on natural resources for power, and no pollution as an after product, the experiment was well worth the effort.

The machinery hummed quietly, there was a brief rise in the pitch of the hum as the current was transformed, and then, silence as it was received and calibrated. The measurements came up on the screen before the scientist. "Overall loss of 40 percent." It said.

She sighed. It was always the same. No matter what amperage or voltage, the final measurement of power was always the same. Not enough to power a flashlight. "Damn." She muttered, and stood up. She stretched to her full height, arms above her head, her back muscles complaining about the amount of time she had spent in the chair.

No worries, though, she knew that she had a nightly back-rub from her lover to look forward to. She wondered to herself what her love was doing right now. Once a rather brilliant scientist in her own right, she now spent her days outside the confines of the laboratory, intent on the study of life in its natural habitat. She was probably at the community college, the scientist reasoned. She took course after course, in no particular order, intent on learning whatever she could by whatever whim struck her at the time. Tonight, it was classes in hypnotherapy, but for what reason, she couldn't say. It didn't matter, the young brunette decided, as long as she was happy, it made sense to her.

The scientist turned around to tell Rita to begin the shut down sequence, and was puzzled by the sudden silence of the lab. Rita had turned off the CD player in mid-wail from Mr. Lennon.

"Rita?" She said. "Is something wrong?"

Rita looked up, her blue eyes glinting. A smile crossed her face, and the scientist shivered at its familiarity. "No, DOCTOR..." The word doctor was filled with sarcastic venom. "There's nothing wrong." In fact..." Rita raised her arm and extended it outward. She was holding something, "in just a moment, everything is going to be just PERFECT."

The young brunette gasped at what Rita was holding. It looked like an oversized remote control, with several buttons and a small display screen somewhat like that of a cellular phone. Her hand went up before her when the device emitted a high-pitched whine that she recognized as its capacitor charging up to fire. It would take approximately three seconds for it to reach full power, and then it would be primed for its intended purpose.

The scientist had a full working knowledge of the device because SHE had invented it.

It was just a whim, never intended for any real use. She had created it just to see if it could be done and once she had successfully tested it, she hid it away in the lab. Why Rita had it she didn't know. Further, she was totally at a loss as to why Rita was pointing it at HER. She wanted to speak, she wanted an explanation for the strange behavior her assistant was exhibiting, but she didn't get the chance to ask.

Rita smirked as her thumb pressed the activation button and the young woman closed her eyes tightly against the sensation of her body coming apart from the inside out. Her skin became hot, tight and felt as if it were immersed in a tub full of fire ants. She couldn't seem to breathe, her head spun, and she felt as if she were going to faint, but caught herself.

Then, just as quickly as it had come, the feeling was gone, and as she slowly opened her eyes, the only after affect she could see was exactly what she expected. Her shirt hung well below her knees, her pants were in a puddle at her feet, which were dwarfed by her sizable sneakers and the neck of her shirt hung below her breasts, which were bare due to the fact that her bra was now hanging at her belly. By quick calculation, she estimated herself to be roughly 30 inches tall.

"Damn!" Rita scowled, "Didn't have it set correctly... "Oh well." She busied herself, pressing buttons to adjust the device as it recharged itself again. "There!" She said, and leveled it once again at the shrunken brunette, who absently hugged the oversized shirt close to her chest. Her tiny hands swallowed up by its sleeves. "Say hello to the microverse for me, okay?" She smiled.

"Why?" Was all the small scientist could manage to say. 

Rita was about to tell her, gloat a bit but then only smiled, "Ohhh no... I could tell you," She said, "But I think it'll be much nicer knowing that you're completely clueless while you're shrinking down past the atoms in your jeans," she laughed. "You know, Doc... I would say, 'See you, later' but I won't, will I? No one will..." she added with the cold finality of a death sentence, "EVER," as her thumb moved to the activation button.

The door of the lab suddenly burst open, and a startled Rita spun around. She looked into the eyes of the young shrunken woman's lover, and froze. Just as suddenly as a cat frightened by a passing car, she bolted past the red-haired woman in the doorway and vanished.

The puzzled redhead shook her head slightly, "What the hell's up with HER?" She muttered, and then took notice of the midget standing trembling in a pile of discarded clothes. "Oh my... god," she whispered and moved quickly to the small woman's side.

The miniature woman, a total wreck, fell against her, shaking with fear and relief. The larger of the two stroked her small head, reassuringly. "What happened?" She asked.

"Oh, Cassie..." Dr. Tanya Vale sobbed into the woman's shirt, "I've... I've been shrunk!"

Chapter Two 

"Well..." Cassie laid the calipers down on the table next to Tanya, "...as near as I can tell by the data I've collected so far..." They were as long as her thigh, "...and this is by no means an educated hypothesis, mind you..." Cassie continued, picking up a small silver ruler and gently guided Tanya to lay her arm along its length. She jotted down the measurement, replaced the ruler on the table and stated, "...I think you've been shrunk."

Tanya looked up at the larger woman irritably, then rose to her feet slowly. At this vantage, she could look straight into Cassie's bright green eyes without craning her neck. "GEE Really?! Do you think?!" She planted her fists on her small naked hips to show just how Cassie's attempt at humor was a bomb.

Cassie smiled, "Ohhh... I'm sorry, honey... Really." She said, reaching for Tanya, but then deciding at the last second that it would probably be a bad idea to pat the small woman on the head, regardless of how innocent a touch it would be. "I'm just trying to make light of a serious problem, I know how you feel. I just want you to relax."

"RELAX?!? How the fuck can I relax, Cassie?!" Tanya threw her small hands into the air. "Look at me! This morning I was calmly working away on the energy transmitter, PLAANning on taking you out for dinner if I made any headway, minding my OWN business and... and the next thing I know, my assistant is threatening me with my own shrink ray, and then shoots me with the damn thing! Look at me! I'm... how big did you say I was?"

Cassie sighed and looked over the notes she had taken. "Twenty eight and three sixteenths inches." She stated. 

Tanya's shoulders slumped in despair, "Oh, maaaan...."

Cassie began to rattle off the rest of the data that she'd been able to collect from her examination of her miniaturized lover, including the fact that she now only weighed 9.2 pounds. This sparked another funny from Cassie on the potential this had for a weight-loss program. The punchline was cut short by the scowl Tanya was giving her.

Cassie quickly changed the subject back to the data at hand, "Ohhkaaay... Other than an ugly disposition, I see no neurological impairment. The only thing that I haven't gotten yet is... your temperature." Cassie tried to suppress a smile as she reached into a drawer and produced a thermometer.

A silly kind of 'Oh Shit' look crossed Tanya's face and she felt herself backing away, helpless to control the unwelcome fear of the seemingly huge instrument, "Umm... right..." her attempt to laugh to suppress the fear came out as a nervous giggle, "I, uh... yeah..." Her arms drew behind her back and her hand clasped together as if they were trying to protect something. She did little bows and continued to move away. 

Cassie smiled as sweetly as she could, "Tanya? Don't worry," She said, "I've never been one to hold a grudge."

She was referring to Tanya's initial examination of herself, mere hours after she had been created. The cloning process that was used to create Cassie, an exact replica of Cassandra Willover, Tanya's former professor at Woodridge, hadn't been perfected at the time, and the test clones, Cassie included, were all created at 1/5th scale of the original.

Cassie had endured endless weeks of suffering at Tanya's hands in a desperate attempt for Tanya to come to terms with her feelings for the cold-hearted Dr. Willover. And the torture had begun with Tanya's 'examination' of Cassie's tiny new body, specifically, the ruse of taking her temperature. It was taken rectally, of course, with a thermometer as big around as Cassie's tiny wrist at the time and it was always 'bend over' time when Tanya came home after a LOVELY day with the good doctor.

But that was then, and this was now, and the months that passed between brought a bond between the two women that the past could never stain.

Tanya looked relieved. She laughed, relaxing after realizing she had been so silly. "I'm sorry, Cassie," She sighed, "I should know better by now that you would never do that."

Cassie looked down and shrugged, her lips pouted a little, "Not unless you asked me to that is." She looked up slowly and her eyes glinted mischievously.

Tanya laughed hard at her lover's joke. She was beginning to loosening up a bit, "It's just that... being so small makes me feel like I'm so... so..."

"Helpless?" Cassie finished. "Unable to control your world? Alienated by the familiar?" She nodded slowly and smiled, "You get used to it... trust me."

Tanya's eyes spoke volumes of terror to Cassie, and the redhead quickly amended, "I--I mean you WOULD get used to it... if we couldn't... find a way to get you back to normal... Which we will! I promise!"

She wanted to pick up her small friend, hold her close to her breast and comfort her, but she was afraid that her touch, no matter how sincere and loving, would amplify Tanya's feeling of helplessness. She remembered how Tanya's fingers had felt on her flesh when she had been trapped in a body the size of a doll, and, while she grew to adore the feeling of her lover's touch, she admitted that, at first, it was beyond disconcerting to be touched by a giant.

Instead, she spoke encouragingly to her small partner, "Tanya," she said reassuringly, "you created ME with a technology that you almost single-handedly developed, remember? And when my body was destroying itself, it was YOU that went to the head of your department, despite the fact that you could have been expelled from school or worse. It was YOU that realized that Harry Wolper's nanotech discovery could reverse the process that was killing me. Because of YOU, I can live my life as a normal-sized woman if I want to. Tanya, it was YOU that made me want to discover the limitations of this body, and not to be afraid to experiment with my size changing abilities. It was YOUR mind that designed and developed the shrink ray, and it's YOU that's going to figure out the energy transmission process. With all that, getting you back to normal size is going to be a piece of cake... okay?"

Tanya sighed and sat down again. Cassie held out the thermometer, and motioned for Tanya to lift her arm. The large bulb of the thermometer rested in Tanya's armpit a moment, then Cassie jotted down the reading.

"101.4..." she said, "That's normal for someone...in your condition." Cassie chose her words carefully, unwilling to upset Tanya again. She had already used everything she learned in her hypnosis classes to calm Tanya, and it did seem to work. At least she wasn't crying anymore. "Your body is generating much more heat, now that your molecules are closer together. Your pulse and respiration are up as well, but that's normal too." She smiled at her friend, "Is there anything else I need to make a note of?" She asked.

"My skin... it's tingling, sorta." Tanya said. "And things look...brighter, somehow."

Cassie nodded and replied, "Mmmn hmmn...your nerve endings are more sensitive now that they have been miniaturized and your retinas are picking up light frequencies that were invisible to you before, because the cells of the membrane are packed together more tightly. It's the same with the nerves in your skin. The more dense they become the more sensitive they are."

Tanya smiled, knowingly, "So THAT'S why you like to shrink when I'm making love with you." She feigned a pout, "And all along I thought it was because you knew it turns me on when you get small."

Cassie smiled as if caught with her hand in the candy jar, "Weeelll..." She said, "I do get small for you, honey." She sighed, "But, oh, if you could only feel what it's like to have every nerve in your body set on fire with the slightest touch of your finger ..." She trailed off, smiling. "Ah... anyway..." Cassie shook herself from her daydream. She had seriously considered propositioning Tanya. She could see now what Tanya was so turned on by. The sight of the miniature woman made Cassie's heart pound. "Do you have any idea why Rita would do this to you? Hell... maybe the thought of you tiny turns her on too?"

Tanya shook her head, "No... it wasn't anything like that," She said, "The way she was talking to me wasn't lustful... it was murderous. I think she actually wanted to kill me."

"But that just doesn't make sense. Rita?" Cassie called Tanya's assistant by her nickname for her "Lovely Rita, meter maid?" The nickname, while being derived from Rita's favorite album, always made her blush when Cassie sang it out, "Its just... SO not Rita to do that... or even consider it, for that matter."

"Well..." Tanya threw up her hands and let them fall back into her bare lap, "... she considered it, and damn near did it. She would have shrunk me to microbe size if you hadn't come in when you did."

"And that's another odd thing," Cassie folded her arms as she turned to stared at the door, "Why did she run off when I came in?" She turned to Tanya, "Why didn't she just SHRINK me, as well?"

Both women were silent as they pondered the mystery. Neither moved, neither seemed to be able to get their minds around the motive that could make Rita do such a thing. She had always acted as respectfully and friendly as possible to Tanya and Cassie. They both considered her a friend, Tanya even more so, since the two worked side-by-side daily.

"It doesn't make sense," Cassie said, "but I guess our first priority is to build another shrink ray and get you back to normal, right?" Cassie frowned, "Oh... That didn't sound right, but anyway...do you still have your original designs?"

Tanya was quiet for a minute, and then said. "They won't do us much good, I'm afraid."

"Why not? If you built the first one, you can certainly build another."

"Because," Tanya continued, "I built a SHRINK ray, just like you said. I never intended it to be used on living things." There was a long pause. "I don't know how to reverse it."

Cassie seemed to go pale for a moment, regained her composure, and said, "Well... do you mind if I call in some help, then?" She smiled, knowing that Tanya would know whom she was talking about.

"Of course you can tell Boris." Tanya said. Boris was the young assistant of Dr. Wolper who helped Tanya solve Cassie's terminal problem. It was his programming of the nanotechs in Cassie's body that allowed her to control her size. If anyone could be trusted, it was Boris. "Just as long as you promise that you won't fuck him this time." Tanya leered playfully, remembering Cassie's drunken tryst with the young man. She couldn't blame her, though. Tanya hadn't given her a reason NOT to, after all. This and the fact that he was so... yummy! She smiled to herself. Cassie had a look on her face of mixed surprise and disappointment. Tanya laughed, "Unless of course, I'm invited to join you." 

Cassie smiled at her shrunken girlfriend, "When we get you back to normal, sweetie, I think that it would be the LEAST we can do for dear sweet Boris."

Tanya thought a moment. "Maybe we could say... BEFORE you get me back to normal." She had a faraway look in her eyes, picturing the scale of Boris to her shrunken form. "I'd like to experience this 'heightened-sensation' theory myself..." Then she added quickly, blushing at her own daydream, "...for research purposes, of course." 

Cassie laughed as she moved toward the door, her coat slung over her shoulder. "Of course. Anything in the name of science, eh?" She turned back. From the distance, it was almost difficult to tell that Tanya was so small. "Will you be okay here, while I run home to call him?" She asked.

Tanya waved Cassie away, "Sure. I'll run some simulations while you're gone," She frowned, "Did you change the security code for the door?"

Cassie nodded, "No one can get in now except you and I," She turned, put her hand on the knob. "Oh!" She said, and trotted back to the table. She scooped up the notes she had written and tucked them under her arm, "Boris might need some information." She said, and looked down at her little lover.

Despite her previous judgment, Cassie leaned down and kissed Tanya's forehead. The kiss was well received; Tanya did not give notice that Cassie's touch made her uncomfortable. In fact, Tanya returned the kiss. Her small lips brushing Cassie's full ones.

"Hurry back, please." Tanya said, sounding as brave as her quivering voice would let her. Cassie hurried from the lab, the notes still tucked under her arm. She knew that Boris wouldn't necessarily ask for any more information beyond 'Tanya needs your help,' but she didn't want Tanya studying the statistics written on the papers. It wouldn't take much for her to realize that Cassie had lied to her. Not specifically, but in her general attitude. She wasn't so sure that everything was going to be okay, and the notes under her arm affirmed this fear.
