 Shelly, Jessica, and Becky were captured by the Paladonic Knights. With midnight rapidly approaching, will they be able to escape, or is there a worse fate in store for them? 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 10 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Before It's Too Late 

The air swirled around Shelly as hands flung her into the cell. Striking the back wall would have hurt a lot less if she could have shifted into a shield. Her metal surface would have clattered against the cement floor instead of her shoulder. Instead, nausea swamped her as she attempted the change. She felt too weak to crawl to a corner and vomit. It took most of her strength just to turn her head and spew what little remained in her stomach. 

"You need to stop pushing yourself so hard," Jessica soothed her. 

"I have to at least try," Shelly panted. "If I don't push myself, they'll break me." 

"Do you know what's causing your problems with transforming?" Becky asked as she leaned over Shelly. The older woman was covering her mouth with one hand. Shelly's vomit gathered itself up, pulling away from her mouth and the floor, and then flew towards the bars of their cage. A moment before the ball of bile struck, it fell apart and hit the floor. 

"Probably the same thing affecting your magic," Jessica said before Shelly could respond. 

Shelly knew that wasn't true, but she was too tired to argue. Whatever was affecting her had happened while on Marchosias's island. She recalled that strange dream, with that creepy old man. Ever since waking up, holding any form other than her own was difficult, if not impossible. Then there were the voices. Or maybe it was only one voice? Something fought her when she changed, and she always ended up emptying her stomach. 

It was her fault they were captured. Jessica had needed a weapon, but when she tried to shift, everything went wrong. How they knew where to set up their trap as Becky was dropping them off at the nearest portal, Shelly didn't know. The Knights were well prepared for them. 

"Were you able to find out what time it is?" Jessica asked as she helped Shelly sit up. 

This again? she wondered, but didn't say out loud. "No. Late, I think. I didn't see any clocks or windows, but I saw a lot of people yawning as they hauled me away." 

"Did they say what they wanted from us?" Becky asked next as Jessica stood and started pacing their cell. "Or did you hear anything about how they're dampening my magic?" 

Shelly shook her head. "They're Paladonic Knights," she said with as much scorn as she could muster. "They want us dead. I heard them mention calling my dad. They laughed about it, as though we were some sort of joke." 

"Your dad laughed that we were captured?" Jessica stopped her pacing and stared at her. 

"No," she shook her head again. "The guards laughed about us. Made some comment about running a pound for stray animals that they wanted to put down." 

"We have to get out of here," Jessica whined. "Soon. Now. At midnight... We—we just have to get out of here." 

Becky turned away from Jessica and met Shelly's eyes. "If your dad knows you're here, then all we have to do is wait. He'll come for us." 

"Does he know where here is?" Shelly asked, hating the way her voice trembled on the question. "And even if he does, I heard them say they were ready for him this time. They said it wouldn't be like last time, and they'd finally get their revenge for their fallen comrades." 

Shelly felt the older woman pull her into a tight embrace. Becky shook, and Shelly realized that she was just as afraid as the other two. This wasn't the first time Becky was captured by the P.K.'s, though she didn't know much about that event. Her dad liked to brag and tell stories, but he rarely ever spoke about his time as a prisoner of the Knights. Whatever had happened, she knew it still haunted him to this day. Becky must have remembered her treatment by them as well. 

Shelly thought about pointing out that there wasn't much her dad could do. He was no longer the Generator. For all intents and purposes, he was a normal human. He wasn't exactly weak, but he was literally powerless. 

"He knows the President," Jessica spoke up as though reading her mind. "I can't see her letting us stay here very long. We can't stay long. We have to get out of here soon. Before it's too late." Shelly ignored her as she went back to her litany.  

"Do you know what she's babbling about?" Becky whispered in her ear. 

"No," Shelly whispered back. "All I know is she hates being on Earth when the time changes to midnight. No problem if it's one minute past, but she hasn't told me why." Something tickled Shelly's thoughts about that, but she couldn't pin it down. She was too tired. 

"No..." Jessica muttered from where she paced. "I can't do that. I won't. They're my... But I'm not... No." 

Shelly started wondering if her girlfriend had cracked. Jessica was usually so strong and confident. To see her like this now scared Shelly more than when the P.K.'s captured them. She pulled away from Becky and forced herself to her feet. It took more effort to stand than it should have, and a few unlady-like grunts, but she managed to make it to her feet. Her head swam as she stood and her shoulder throbbed. For a moment she thought she saw someone standing to her right. She faced the new person, but the spot was empty. She shook her head at her foolishness, but that was a mistake. She had to throw her arm out to catch herself as dizziness tried to swamp her. 

"Are you okay?" Jessica rushed to her side. 

"Yeah," Shelly tried to wave her off, be her girlfriend continued to fuss over her. "Just got a bit dizzy. I hope they feed us soon." She glanced at where her stomach's contents painted the floor. "Or maybe not." 

"You need to rest," Jessica chided her. 

"And you need to calm down," Shelly shot back. "You're wound tighter than a Cyclops with sand in its eye." 

"Cyclops! Ha. That's a good one," a male voice called from outside their cage. "You fuck many of them in that evil world of yours? I always assumed they had terrible depth perception. Go for your cunt and get your armpit instead. Am I right? 'Course, I heard all women from that place were sluts. What does it take to get a little action, huh? I'll bet you've never had a human like me before." 

Shelly faced the large man as anger boiled up in her. Jessica stopped her before she could speak. 

"Don't. He's trying to rile you up. He wants an excuse to come in here and beat on us." 

Shelly wanted to ask how the woman could know that, but stopped. Of course. It was obvious. All she had to do was think instead of react, and she would have seen the same thing. If only she wasn't so worn down. Was she getting sick? 

"Heh. Too bad," the man scoffed. "I guess you don't want a real man between your legs." He grabbed his crotch through his pants and shook it at them. 

"A real man wouldn't need to taunt three defenseless ladies," Becky replied in a calm tone. "You might be surprised what a little respect would get you." 

"Respect for three evil sluts? What on God's green Earth would make me think to give you respect?" 

"The Pillar of Light doesn't like you using his name like that," Becky said as though talking to a little child. 

"Your Pillar of Light doesn't concern me," the man cleared his throat and spat at Becky. He must have terrible experience spitting, as most of it dribbled down his stubbled chin. "But you'll be meeting the maker soon enough. As soon as your foolish husband comes to save you... Oops. I've said too much." By the way he smiled and covered his mouth, Shelly knew he'd said exactly what he'd meant to and he chortled. 

"What do you have planned?" Shelly demanded. She stepped closer to the bars, but Jessica stopped her before she could get too close. 

"Oh, I really shouldn't say," the man grinned at her. "But maybe if you said please?" 

She knew he was taunting her again and refused to give in. "I'll say please when you marry a harpy," she replied. 

"Oh? You've met my wife?" He cackled at his own joke. Despite herself, Shelly felt sorrow for any woman married to this man. His laughter went on far beyond what his joke warranted. When it finally wound down, the three women were giving him incredulous looks. "You know... Because she's just an evil woman. She's not really a harpy. I couldn't debase myself that much. Oh, come on. That was hilarious." 

Imbecile, Shelly thought. Jessica squeezed her shoulder and faced the man. 

"If women are so evil, why are we still alive?" Jessica asked with a sneer. 

The man spat again. This time the spittle traveled further than his chin, landing on his armored vest. "The Grand Meister has a trap laid out for the Betrayer. When he shows up for you, we'll be ready. We learned from his last visit. His dragon form won't catch us by surprise this time. We've been practicing on dragons." This last part he said as though imparting a great secret. 

Shelly almost snapped that her dad couldn't change forms anymore, but stopped herself. It wasn't widely advertised that Lyden Snow was no longer a Generator. It would be better for their enemies to over think things, than know everything. 

The man licked his lips before looking to his left and right, then leaned in closer. "Is it true what they say about his wives?" The women looked between themselves, not sure what the bastard was asking. "You know... That they know a thousand ways to please a man, and will do anything for a good fuck." 

Shelly almost choked on hearing that statement. She knew her dad had a crazy reputation, but didn't know that his wives did also. 

"Only a thousand?" Becky asked as though insulted. "I haven't really counted, but I'm sure it's a lot more than that. Of course, it takes a real man to give a good fuck." 

What the heck was Becky doing? She couldn't seriously be coming onto this slime-ball. But as she watched, Becky sauntered up to the bars, almost close enough to touch them, and started chanting. Shelly didn't know a lot of magic, but recognized a spell being cast. 

"Well, I can assure you, I know how to give a good fuck. Especially for three little sluts." 

Shelly saw confusion on Becky's face, but it was quickly masked. She put one finger in the side of her mouth and swayed her hips as she looked the guard over. 

"If you think you're good enough, why don't you see if you can satisfy us?" Becky purred. "Show these little girls what you're capable of, and maybe they'll want to join in." 

Shelly realized what the woman was doing, and decided to join in on the act, though her stomach churned at the thought of this man touching her. She cupped her breasts through her clothes and shook them. She didn't know why men liked it when women did this, but there was no mistaking the gleam in the guard's eyes as she jiggled her flesh. 

The creep licked his lips again, and Shelly knew he was getting excited. She wanted to throw up. 

"I'll bet a big knight like you would know all sorts of tricks to take care of three dumb sluts like us," Jessica joined in. 

It was pathetic the way the man started bouncing on his toes as he scanned the hallways. "Damn straight I do," the man was almost cumming in his pants by the look on his face. "The shift changes at midnight. I hope you're ready for me then." 

Before anyone could respond, the man turned and charged down the way he'd come. 

"Damn it!" Becky swore at the same time Jessica cursed, "Fuck!" 

Shelly understood their statements, though it was a surprise to hear Becky use profanity. Her dad wasn't the biggest fan of using such language, and all his wives respected that. If the man had come in then, they could have overwhelmed him and escaped. Midnight was also the time Jessica feared, though none of them knew why. 

"We need to get out of here sooner," Jessica whined as she paced their cell. 

"I don't understand why it didn't work," Becky stared at her hands. 

"What was that spell supposed to do?" Shelly asked. 

"I know I got it right." Becky shook her head and looked up to Shelly. "It was supposed to drive his libido into overdrive so he couldn't think straight. I've felt it firsthand, so I know how hard it can be to think when under its influence." 

"It seemed to work for the most part," Shelly offered, remembering the hungry grin on the guard's face as he'd left. 

"No, it should have driven him wild with lust," Becky refuted Shelly's statement. "Somehow he resisted. My magic is weaker than it should be. I can barely cast any spells at all, and nothing seems to go through those bars." 

"I don't think he had enough brain cells to resist any spell, much less that one," Shelly offered. "Do you think he had some kind of protection? Like the Daughters of Respite?" 

Becky seemed to consider that for a moment before shaking her head. "No, I didn't even feel the spell take effect. It's as though magic stopped working. The two groups must be working together, though they've rarely trusted one another in the past." 

"Is that even possible?" Jessica asked. "Completely stopping magic, that is." 

"I don't see why not," Becky offered. "I mean, the Daughters are able to make themselves all but immune. It's not too much of a stretch to imagine that the Knights might be able to block magic in a certain area." 

"He did say they were ready for Dad," Shelly realized with horror. "If they have magic blocked or weakened everywhere..." 

"Then whoever comes to rescue us will be in some serious trouble." Cold dread wormed through Shelly's bones. "They'll be expecting magic to work, and when it doesn't..." 

"All the more reason we need to get out of here, now!" Jessica was panting in her desire to leave. 

"What happens at midnight?" Becky asked with narrowed eyes. "Do your glass slippers come off and your carriage turn back into a pumpkin?" 

"What are you talking about?" Jessica asked with a perplexed look on her face. Shelly realized that with Jessica's childhood, she probably had no idea who Cinderella was. 

"We'll just have to wait until the guard returns," Becky said, ignoring Jessica's confusion. She glanced around their cell and grimaced. "Never thought I'd find a man like that so attractive after so many years with your father." 

It was Shelly's turn to be confused. What was Becky talking about? The man was a pig and a slob. There was nothing attractive about him! 

"Yeah," Jessica piped in, rubbing her ear for some reason, "I can't wait to see what was making that bulge in his pants. It looked good to me." 

Shelly glanced between the two women, perplexed by their change in behavior. Had they been drugged somehow? Some invisible gas getting pumped into the room, perhaps? Or had Becky's spell backfired? She checked herself, and felt no desire except for escape within her. Certainly no attraction to that guard, or any desire to do anything with him. 

"I'll bet he knows how to please three women at once," Becky replied as she smiled at Shelly. 

She could tell that the smile was strained, but couldn't figure out what was going on. Why were they saying things that Shelly knew they didn't feel? The guard wasn't around. There was no reason to keep up the pretense... Unless there was. 

Shelly cursed as she realized that their cell might be bugged, or that a camera could be watching them right that moment. She itched to look around. Was someone sitting in a control room, watching and listening to them? Their cell wasn't well lit, but with modern technology, that didn't mean a camera couldn't see them. She tried to remember what they'd talked about. Had they already said too much? 

"Um... yeah. I'll bet he's, uh, got a nice piece of meat in his pants." Shelly cursed at her terrible acting. She'd done fine when there was someone right there, but having to fake it with her step-mom and girlfriend made it a lot harder. 

"I think we should decide who gets him first," Becky said, waving the other women to her. "No sense in fighting." 

Shelly squatted down next to the shorter woman and saw her tracing something on the floor. No mark was left behind, but she got the hint. As Jessica joined them, they made plans, while loudly making lewd comments about what they were going to do to the guard when he finally came back. 

Despite herself, Shelly started to get turned on as they planned. The thought of a nice stiff prick plowing into her rapidly dampening pussy was distracting her from coming up with an escape plan. It'd been a long time since a man had pleased her, hadn't it? Then she recalled who they were pretending to be interested in. She couldn't suppress a shudder as she imagined him doing the things they were saying. Her libido dropped, and she was able to focus on their plans again. 

"I hope you ladies are ready to do all those things you've been talking about," she heard a key scrape in the lock behind her as the guard spoke. 

She stood and looked at her fellow captives. Jessica and Becky gave her a smile before the latter stepped forward. 

"Oh, we are," Shelly's step-mom assured him. She grabbed the hem of her shirt and started to lift up. 

Shelly's attention was drawn to her girlfriend. Something seemed off about her. In the dim light, she couldn't be certain, but she thought she saw a shimmer surround her. Jessica groaned and held her stomach. 

"That's right, bitch," the guard laughed in Jessica's direction. "You're so horny, I don't even have to touch you to make you start moaning. I'll bet your cunt's already soaked and ready for my fat cock, you slutty bitch." 

Shelly was disgusted by the man's behavior, but worried over her girlfriend as well. That hadn't been a sexy moan, but a pained groan. This wasn't part of the plan. Was whatever Jessica was worried about at midnight have something to do with her groaning? 

"I want you first, big boy," Becky said to the guard as he stepped through the bars. 

He turned to say something to her, but before he could utter another word, or close the bars, Becky struck. Her right palm slammed into his armored chest. She followed up with a jab at his throat, but her first blow had knocked him back a step, and her second barely hit. 

Shelly was concerned for Jessica, but knew that their plan was in trouble if Becky fought alone. She didn't know how well her step-mom could fight, but she suspected the filthy guard knew a fair amount. 

Shelly launched herself at the man's back as he turned to face the short older woman. She had experienced a number of fights and battles, but always from the weapon's point of view, and never as the fighter. Landing on the man's broad back, she tried to punch and kick, but felt like a baby wailing against an adult. 

"Stupid whores," the guard bellowed. He reached back and grabbed a handful of Shelly's hair. With a powerful tug, he pulled her from his back and she landed on the hard ground, knocking the breath from her. "I'll teach you the proper place for a woman." 

Shelly rolled to her feet, her side on fire again. She faced the man in time to see him knock Becky to the ground. Where was Jessica? She was the fighter. Becky and Shelly were supposed to distract the guard, so Jessica could take him out. Another glance in her direction showed she was on the floor, doubled over in pain. She wasn't screaming, but the sounds coming from her throat sounded inhuman. Shelly couldn't be certain in the dim light, but it almost looked like the woman's hair was turning white. 

A glance back at the guard showed him ready and confident. Beyond him, the door to their cage stood open. It might as well be a solid wall for all the good it did them. Shelly moved, trying to get behind the man, but he turned to keep them in his sight, backing closer to the door. She stopped, not wanting him to get any ideas about locking them back up. 
