 Eldon opens up about his feelings, but Gloria's response is heartbreaking. The group rushes to rescue Shelly, Jessica, and Becky, but will it be enough to face the total might of the Paladonic Knights? 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 11 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

False Starts 

"Damn it!" Eldon cursed as his fist connected with the very solid brick wall of the waiting room. It hurt, but the pain receded almost immediately. Thanks to Areth's sacrifice, his body was locked into its current state of health. He avoided looking at the statue still clutched in his father's white-knuckled grip. 

Could this week get any worse? It started with them getting attacked by a group of Paladonic Knights pretending to be magical creatures, where he was injured in a nasty blast. His girlfriend, Gloria, had healed him, but the things he'd done with his dad and sister in the car with them bothered him. Then he had to save the President of the United States from her own Secret Service. Just when he thought they were safe and flying away in a helicopter, it was shot down. He was hurt beyond anything Gloria could do to heal him this time. It took him a whole week to recover enough to even wake up. His step-mom had sacrificed her life for his health, which weighed heavily on him. Now his sister was kidnapped and in the hands of the Paladonic Knights. 

"I know you're angry, Son, but that's no reason to use such language," Lyden disapproved. Despite his words, Eldon knew his father's heart wasn't in the rebuke. His heart was shattered at losing his fairy lover. 

Does he hate me for that? Eldon feared. It's my fault she's dead. I should have died in that crash. Then she wouldn't have had to sacrifice herself. He had no idea what would make the normally self-centered pixie give up everything for him. He knew she loved his dad, but himself...? Now he had to live with the guilt that her death was his fault. If Mandy were still in the room, he feared what his father might say. What truths hid behind his grief? How much did he blame Eldon? 

"No," Gloria whispered as she folded him in her arms. Part of him wanted to push her away. He was supposed to be a man and be strong. He shouldn't need to be comforted. But a larger part of him welcomed the loving touch. "It wasn't your fault. The Knights attacked us. It was their fault for what happened. Areth had more heart in her than any other fairy I've ever known. She was one of a kind, but her death wasn't your fault. Your father doesn't blame you." 

"But—" he started to respond to her quiet words, but his dad cut him off, having heard Gloria somehow. 

"No, Son. Areth—" he paused to swallow. Eldon could see a fresh set of tears well up in his father's eyes. "Areth did what she did out of love for me. Gloria is right, that she was one of a kind. She's also right about this not being your fault. I don't blame you." Lyden's voice hardened into something tougher than diamond. "The Knights will pay for this. They took Lisa from me, now Areth, and they've kidnapped my daughter and wife. I won't accept their presence in this world anymore." 

Eldon almost shook at the amount of conviction and hatred in his father's voice. 

"I'll be at your side, Dad," Eldon promised. "They need to pay—" 

"Do you hear yourselves?" Brooke interrupted. There was shock in her voice as she confronted them. "I agree that they need to pay for what they did, but you're talking about genocide." 

"It's them or us," Lyden replied. He held Areth's golden statue against his chest as he faced his wife. "I don't understand why you're against this? They tortured you the last time they had you and want to kill all of us." 

"I hate them for what they did, but killing them all isn't the answer," Brooke stood her ground. "They're not all evil. Remember Emmet?" 

They locked eyes and Eldon grew uncomfortable watching them. He hugged Gloria tighter to him, glad that she wasn't arguing with him. He looked into her blue eyes and felt lighter. She was always there for him, supporting him when he needed it. She was all powerful, but she didn't try to intimidate him. She didn't lord her power over him, and let him be his own person. She could control him if she chose, but she didn't. She— He stopped as something occurred to him. 

"I love you," he told her in a soft voice. 

Her eyes widened in shock. He didn't think he could surprise her, as she was always privy to his thoughts, but then he realized that he hadn't thought those words before speaking. He'd reacted to his emotions. 

She released him and stepped back, covering her mouth. "Eldon, I... I care for you, I do, but... You have to understand, I—" 

The week could get worse, it seemed. 

"Don't," he told her, feeling his heart break. "Just don't. I shouldn't have said it. I don't know why I did. It was stupid, so just forget it, okay?" 

"You don't understand," Gloria said and stepped back up to him. "I was once the Goddess of Love. I had thousands that fawned over me. They all loved me, but—" 

"But how could I compare to them?" he asked, unable to keep the bitterness out of his voice. He turned away and walked out of the room before she could see the tears forming in his eyes, leaving behind his arguing parents. He kept his mind blank so she wouldn't see anything from that either. 

"Eldon, stop," he heard Gloria say, but he continued walking down the hallway of the hospital. He felt like he needed to act. He didn't want to be here in this hospital. He didn't know what the wait was for, but it rankled. "Eldon, please listen to me." 

He stopped to face her. "Why? You don't love me. I can accept that. I'm not worthy of your love. I get it. How could my heart match up to the thousands that once fawned over you? There's nothing for you to explain." 

She slapped him. Her hand moved so fast, he didn't see it coming until his head snapped to the side. He knew she was strong, but that slap hurt! He wondered if his neck would have snapped if not for Areth's sacrifice. No, probably not, but by the Pillars, it hurt! The pain took only a few seconds to recede, but it was longer than his fist had hurt from punching the wall. 

"That's not it at all," Gloria seethed at him. "I care for you more than I've cared about a mortal in millennia. You're strong, optimistic, caring, and so much more than any one woman deserves. Though your current attitude could use some adjusting. I don't like seeing you as a whiny little snot." She held up her hand as he tried to interrupt her, and he closed his mouth. 

I'll let her speak, he thought. I was a fool to think she would ever love me. What can she say? I'll listen to her, and then do everything in my power to forget I ever uttered those stupid words. 

"I didn't bring up what I used to be to make you feel inferior. None of them could compare to you. Thousands of adoring mortals, and combined they meant nothing to me compared to you, but I need you to understand something." She paused to take a deep breath and looked into his eyes. "There is always that fear in me that people love me for what I am, not who I am. When I was Aphrodite, people fell in love with me because I was the Goddess of Love. My mere presence made men leave their wives, and fathers abandon their children. For a long time, I enjoyed that attention. Sometimes I would make them do terrible things. They would do it too, not because I forced them to with my power, but because they loved me that much. I was a terrible person. I won't make excuses for who I was then, though I was better as Aphrodite than I was as Lilith." 

"So you can't love me because you were evil once?" Eldon asked, confused. What was she getting at? 

"No," Gloria shook her head. "I could love you, Eldon. It would be so easy for me to let myself fall for you." 

"But you won't." Eldon shook his head. She wasn't making any sense. She could love him, but wouldn't? He knew who she had been, and knew many of the stories about her, but that wasn't who she was now. He loved the woman before him, and didn't care about her past. 

"You're not letting me finish," she chided him, but there was no anger in her tone. If anything, her voice had softened. "How do I know you love me for who I am, and it's not my powers making you love me? Hephaestus was a great man and powerful god, but even he fell under my power after Zeus forced me to marry him. He was a god who could create beauty with his bare hands, but he fell under the spell of my presence." 

"So, because I'm not a god..." he knew that wasn't what she was driving at, but she was taking too long to get to her point. 

She sighed before answering. "You're better than any god I've ever met. Eldon, the reason I stop myself is because I'm afraid. What if the only reason you love me is because I was a love goddess? What might I do, if I allow myself to love you? Would I twist your love into something evil, just because I can? Will I go back to the woman I once was? I don't want that. You mean a great deal to me, and I don't want to change who you are." 

Eldon looked at his girlfriend, speechless. That was what she was worried about? A laugh bubbled up in him. Despite all the terrible stuff that'd happened, he couldn't help but laugh at how silly she was being. 

"Women don't like to be thought of as silly," Gloria said in a tone that sobered him. 

"I'm sorry," he told her, though he could feel the corners of his lips still turning up. "It's just that, it strikes me as odd that a Goddess of Love wouldn't understand love. I mean... If it's true love, then you won't want to twist or change me. Love means you want me to be happy. The difference between then and now, is that while they loved you, you didn't love them." 

A sad look crossed Gloria's face. "Oh, my dear sweet man," she said as her hand reached out and cupped his face. He leaned into the touch, thinking he'd won her over. "There are more definitions of love than there are stars in the night sky. A father loves a son differently than he loves his wife. A child loves their parent in a different way than they love their pets. Love can be both selfless and selfish. It can be a thing of true beauty, or cause terrible horrors." 

"Do you see me as a pet?" he asked, losing his smile. "I love you as one man to a woman. A woman that has stolen my heart, not because of what she is, but because she has treated me with respect. You've cared for me, helped me, and shown that you're not the goddess that performed those actions millennia ago. You're a good woman, Gloria. I know it in my heart." 

She was silent for a long moment. Eldon let her think. She had to see that he was right. How could she not see how wonderful she was? She was the perfect woman in every way, and he didn't mean her body alone. Her personality, and the actions she'd performed to back up his belief in her were strong testaments of why he would love her. 

"You may be right," she said in a tone that told him she still doubted. He opened his mouth to convince her, but she held up her hand. "I'll think about it, Eldon. For now, just give me that. I do care about you. More than I probably should. No, don't say it. I know you love me. I see your arguments in your mind, and they're good ones, but you don't understand everything. I'm not human. I never was a mortal. I don't think like them, but I do care for you, and I want you to be happy." 

He wanted to say more, but held himself back. He couldn't ask more of her. It still hurt that she would admit to being able to fall in love with him, but refused to let it happen. She'd asked him to give her time, and he would do that. Meanwhile, he would still love her—as if he had a choice—and show her that it was safe. 

Gloria grinned as she saw him make his decision. "Now then," she said, looking around the hallway, "you've been out of commission for half the day, and while I've enjoyed our time in my Mens Mundi, what I could really use right now is the real thing." There was no doubt what she had in mind as she stepped up to him and gripped his crotch. 

One part of him knew that she was using this opportunity to distract him from their previous conversation, but another part appreciated it. Since waking up in the hospital bed, things had gone from bad to worse, to heartbreaking, and then went even lower. He could use a pick-me-up while they waited. 

He moved his hand to the back of her head and pulled her into a kiss. Her lips were strong against his as his tongue ventured out. She met it with hunger, opening her teeth to his invading muscle. She sucked on his mouth tool as her arms pulled their bodies tighter together. She tasted sweet, as she always did. 

He felt his back strike a door, then it was open and they were in a room. Eldon broke the kiss long enough to look around and see that they'd entered a hospital room that was unoccupied by anyone but them. 

Their clothes vanished, as though by magic, but Eldon vaguely recalled removing them. Gloria seemed to have a thousand hands roaming his body and making him moan. His flesh tingled as her fingertips glided across his strong muscled body. Her lips moved across his mouth, his neck, his chest, and back up, driving his passion higher. 

"I can't wait to get this between my thighs," Gloria moaned as the fingers of her right hand slid along his twisted shaft. "But first, I think I'd better make sure it's ready." 

He couldn't imagine being any more ready for her. His cock ached, it was so hard. His legs bumped into the back of the hospital bed and he fell back. Luckily the rails were down or that might have hurt. 

Gloria gave him a hungry grin, then leaned over his turgid member and took him between her lips. As the warmth of her mouth surrounded him, Eldon entered a euphoric state. Her tongue danced across his sensitive flash, sometimes making him twitch, and other times making him groan in ecstasy. She knew right when to use her teeth, and when to lavish his member with kisses. Her tongue danced across his skin with unimaginable skill. 

Lewd sounds echoed around the inside of the small room as Gloria's head bobbed up and down his pole. She released him and moved her hungry mouth to his scrotum, juggling the delicate balls with her talented tongue. Despite himself, Eldon felt himself quickly approaching climax. 

"Not yet!" Gloria ordered, using her thumb to pinch him off at the base. "You must be stressed if you're ready to blow this fast," she teased. 

"Don't give me any lip, woman," Eldon smiled down at her, "unless it's the lips between your legs. Why don't you come up here and let me return the favor?" 

Gloria laughed at his little remark before moving up his body and pressing the lips on her face against his. Their tongues entwined again for a brief time, before she continued moving up his body, stopping again for a brief moment to let him savor her firm breasts. She turned around before planting her pelvis against his salivating mouth. A moment later he felt her take him back between her teeth, but he concentrated on the meal presented to him. 

She was already sopping wet by the time his tongue ventured out to glide along her labia. As always, she tasted sweet and warm. He moved his muscle in random directions, sometimes licking along her slit, and other times diving into her welcoming hole. 

He heard her hiss and felt her teeth when he finally moved to her clit, sucking hard and making her legs twitch. After a couple seconds of nibbling and suckling the powerful button, he felt her groan around his prick and shudder in orgasm. She tried to get up, but he locked his arms around her waist and held her down. He was hungry and thirsty, and she had the meal he needed. 

"Eldon, I—ungh—that feels great and, uh... ah, all but I want... Mmm, this fat... juicy... Oh... cock in me! Oh, God!" Her hand twisted around his member as she tried to speak around her moans and grunts, but he didn't let up. He brought his teeth into play, nibbling on her sensitive nubbin. Gloria screeched in protest and pleasure, grinding her pelvis against his devouring mouth while she struggled against his grip. He could feel her fluids dribbling down his chin and he drank from her like a man left too long in the Pillar of Fire's territory. 

"Eldon, I—Oh shit!—I really need to—ungh—feel you inside me. Eldon, please!" 

Her pleading broke through his thirsty daze and he released her. In a blur, she spun around and he felt her fiery insides envelop his spiral rod. She gripped his cheeks as their eyes met. He felt like she was gazing into his soul, and considering who she was, she might well have been. 

"You're a lot stronger now, my lover," she cooed to him. She lifted up and then let herself slide back down with a contented sigh. She licked up her juices from along his jaw before speaking again. "No man has ever been able to hold me down like that. It was a unique experience. One that I'll indulge in again later. Right now, I need that thick cock pounding into my little hole!" 

"For you?" he said with a sloppy grin. "Anything!" 

He gripped her hips, lifting her up about six inches, then pulled down as he thrust deep inside her. She broke eye contact as her beautiful blue orbs rolled back into her head. Her inner muscles rippled around his girth as he repeated the movement again and again. She matched his pace, allowing him to free his hands to grip her firm, but bouncing, breasts. He pinched her nipples between thumb and forefinger, eliciting more moans from her honeyed mouth. 

Her head dropped without warning. Her lips pressed hard against his. Hard enough that he would have bruised if not for his new recovery ability. Her tongue drove into his mouth as he felt her passion overwhelm her. Loud claps echoed off the walls as their bodies collided, drowning out the muffled moans of the two lovers. 

He was far from winded as he pulled her off of him, marveling at how light she felt. She groaned in complaint at being empty so suddenly, but he ignored her. With more grace and finesse than he thought himself capable of, he moved behind her and reentered her tight canal. His back was to the door as he ploughed into her, making the hospital bed groan and protest at the rough treatment. 

Gloria's insides felt aflame as his manhood swelled inside her. Without thinking, he wet two fingers and shoved them into her anal cavity, thrusting in time with the rest of his body. Gloria grew wild, thrashing under his pounding, moaning incoherently and whipping her blonde hair about as she came repeatedly. 

Sweat beaded on his brow as her foamy cum dripped from his balls. His entire world centered on the two of them. All he could see was the beauty of her smooth back. The way her hair tumbled about as she cried out in bliss became his flag, her moans his anthem. He knew then that he was completely lost to her. He loved this woman with all his being, and suddenly understood her fear about loving him back. 

He would do anything for her. She was the other half to his soul. But part of why he loved her was knowing that she wouldn't abuse his love. She wouldn't make him do anything he didn't want to. She... 

He realized she'd stopped moving against him, other than little shudders as she buried her face in the bed's pillow. His climax struck at the same moment, and he could feel his hot ejaculate filling her up. His body was wracked with unadulterated bliss as he emptied inside her, and then he truly was lost to the rest of the world. 

That is, until he heard someone clapping. He spun around to see Shlee standing in front of the closed door, a grin splitting her face. 

"Wh-what are you doing here?" he stammered as he pulled from his girlfriend and tried to hide himself. 

"Oh, don't stop on my account," the reporter giggled. "That was getting pretty hot. I especially enjoyed how you flipped around behind her. And when I saw you slip your fingers into her ass? I almost came from just watching. That has to be hands down, the most powerful fucking I've ever watched." 
