 What's a girl to do after finding out that the other half of her heart is possibly her sister? In Shelly's case, it's pick up the pieces and try to save to worlds. Hopefully she stays alive long enough to try. 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 14 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Honest Senators? 

Jessica cursed as she ducked behind another building. The sun was coming up and it'd taken her all night to reach this city. She was tired, filthy, and cranky. Why had she told them? It wasn't right, and it wasn't fair! Her plans weren't ruined. She was sure she could salvage them, but it was going to take a lot more effort. 

No one had treated her as fair as Shelly and Eldon had, and now because of that four-armed tramp, they hated her. They had to! She could see no way that they wouldn't hate her. It didn't matter to her that they were half-related. At least, she was certain that they shared the same father. The Pillar of Fire had never told her who her father was, but everyone knew that she and the hero of the Chaos War, Lyden Snow, were lovers. 

A car drove past where she hid in the early morning shadows. She knew she wasn't seen. 

Why do you care? The voice in her head demanded. She hated that voice. It'd been with her since childhood. Always demanding, and never caring. The first time she went to Earth had been a nightmare. Her mother couldn't leave the Shadow World, but had one of her kobolds take her in the dark of night. Midnight had struck, and suddenly she was the voice in another person's head. It'd been horrible to watch as the other girl forced the kobold to rape and pillage the small Egyptian town. As the sun came up, Jessica was able to regain control, but by then the damage was done. 

Enough townspeople were able to band together and kill the kobold. It hadn't been his fault. His death still tore at her in her darkest nightmares. They hadn't recognized the little black haired girl, and took care of her until she could slip away and make it back to her mother's volcano. She was locked away after that. 

To make it worse, her mother had agreed with the kobold's death! She claimed he needed to die so that other magical creatures wouldn't be feared. She hated her mother. She hated both worlds that Angela helped support. She wanted to break it down. 

She waited for another car to go by, before slipping out and heading north. She needed to get to a portal, and back to the Shadow World before the other woman tried to take over again. She could sense one a few miles away. She didn't know how she could sense them, but it felt like a tear in the fabric of reality to her. 

Would it really be so bad to stay here? the other voice asked. We could have so much fun. Wouldn't it be better to live the way we want, instead of always hiding? I know how tired you are of hiding who you really are. Who we really are. With my power, you could have whatever you wanted. Whoever you wanted. You could have had the twins. At the same time, even if you wanted. Why must you keep me locked away? You have no problem using my power to trap beings outside of this reality. You use my power to control them afterwards. Why not let me show you what else we can do together? You could have everything. No more hiding. 

Jessica shoved the voice down and shook her head. No matter how tempting the words were, that thing was evil. It didn't care about anything but itself. She had to find a way to get rid of that voice forever. The other woman made her a promise once, and it was the only one that Jessica believed. Bring the two worlds together. Get rid of the separation between Earth and the Shadow World, and the voice would be able to go away. It was the duality in the two worlds that allowed the voice to stay inside her. She didn't understand it herself, but deep down she believed that bringing the two worlds together would free her. 

Jessica had already killed one Pillar. If she could kill two more, the remaining three wouldn't be able to support the Shadow World, and it would rejoin Earth. She refused to kill her own mother no matter how much she hated the Pillar of Fire, and the Pillar of Air was out of the question as well. She wouldn't kill family, no matter what the reward. That left the Pillars of Earth, Light, and Dark. 

Perhaps with the darkness in her soul, it was time to make her next move. 

"You left quite a trail of emotional damage behind you," Gloria's voice said nearby, making Jessica jump and spin. She landed in a defensive crouch, ready for an attack. "I guess I did the same though. Would have liked to stick around for the orgy, but I had to catch up to you. What's your next move?" 

* * * * 

Shelly tumbled in a world of turmoil. Chaos surrounded her mind as she both fought to run away from Jessica's last words, and tried to cope with them. 

Angela, the Pillar of Fire, was Jessica's mom. Everyone knew that Lyden Snow and Angela were together, and had been since before the Chaos War. Jessica was too young to be before that time, unless she'd lied about her age. 

Shelly's mind locked onto that thought. Jessica had to be older than she pretended. It was the only thing that made sense. She had to be a child from before Angela met her father. Jessica Couldn't be her half-sister! She just couldn't be! 

"So what if she is?" Shemhazau's voice penetrated the chaos surrounding her. It was one more thing for her mind to anchor on. 

The swirling chaos slowed. Her surrounding began to coalesce into vague shapes, but no more. 

"Where are you, Grandpa? I—I can't see." 

"Grandpa?" Shemhazau's voice carried through to her, solidifying her surroundings even more. She almost thought she could hear the surf sliding against the sand. "I can't believe I'm a grandpa. Do I look old enough to be a grandpa?" 

His outline was still fuzzy, but she could at least tell where he was. She moved to him and threw her arms around him. Everything became solid as she felt him in her arms. Tears sprang from her eyes as she hugged the old man. She buried her face against his chest as her body shook with sobs. She didn't know how long he held her, and neither one spoke. 

"Thank you," she said when she finally pulled away and wiped at her cheeks. "I haven't cried like that since..." she trailed off. She couldn't remember ever feeling that bad. Not even when Sheldon and Mandy had caused all those deaths, had she cried that hard, and that was the saddest thing she could remember happening to her. 

"It was truly my pleasure," Shemhazau said with a soft grin. "It's been a very long time since such a beautiful woman has held me. I nearly forgot what it was like." 

She grimaced at him, not in the mood for his flirting. "I'm distraught over finding out that my girlfriend, the woman I thought I loved, might be my half-sister, and you're going to flirt with me?" she accused him. 

"I wasn't flirting," he held up his hands in self-defense. "I was just stating the absolute truth. Not sure why I did, though..." 

"Mandy must be around my body," Shelly said as she turned her back on the old man and walked up the now clearly defined beach. "I'm surprised it's affecting you, though." 

"So, this Mandy... She forces everyone around her to tell the truth?" Shemhazau asked with curiosity. Shelly explained about her brother's ex-girlfriend, and some of the problems she'd caused. 

"Interesting..." he mused when she'd finished. "So I can state that I'm a very lonely old man who misses his wife terribly, but I can't say the sun is black without qualifying the statement." 

Shelly stared at him, as it appeared he'd just told a lie. The sun wasn't black! 

"I can't read your thoughts, but technically, what I said wasn't a lie. The sun isn't black. I had to state that I can't say it, in order to say it. Interesting effect. Especially since I was able to state what I said I couldn't state." 

Shelly was getting a headache trying to follow that logic, and shook her head to dismiss it. "I need to wake up. They need me. This is going to kill Eldon, and when my dad finds out..." 

"No, you need to stay here a bit longer." Shemhazau placed his hand on her shoulder, mentally and physically stopping her from leaving. "I understand you're going through a lot of pain. I can help." 

"I'm not letting you into my pants!" she snapped at him, certain she knew what kind of help he offered. 

"That's not what I was referring to, young lady." He sounded sincere. She would have doubted him, if she knew he had be honest right then. 

"I've been alive longer than almost any other living being in either world. Hell, even dying couldn't kill me. How many people can say that?" He chuckled at his own joke, but Shelly glared at him. "Anyway. I think I know a thing or two about forbidden love. I used to rule the succubae until I grew bored of that, and passed it off to TanaVesta. That was a mistake... I loved your grandmother more than anything else in this world, until your father came along." 

"Yeah, but grandma wasn't your sister," Shelly snapped. "There's a difference between loving someone of a different race, and having sex with a family member." 

"You're right, and you're wrong," he told her. "I've seen a lot of sex, and I've seen it for the wrong reasons. I've also seen it for the right reasons. I like to get kinky, I won't deny that, but I have never, never, forced it on someone who wasn't willing. We can't always control who we love, but we can control how we love them. You love your brother, right?" 

"Yeah, but I'd never have—" she started to say but he cut her off. 

"You chose how to love him. Nothing more." The way he said it made it seem as though it were common sense, but he was still wrong. 

"It's a different kind of love," she tried to explain. "I've seen him naked plenty of times, and... and... you know." For some reason, she couldn't complete that statement. She didn't think she'd ever been tempted. He was her brother! 

"Is it? Different, I mean?" he demanded, and Shelly nodded her head, unwilling to speak. "I don't think it is. Only the way you choose to express it is. Stop glaring at me. I told you, I know what I'm talking about. What have you done every time your brother was in trouble? What has he done for you?" 

"We protect each other," she told him with a bit of defiance. 

"Exactly. And for Jessica?" he arched one eyebrow at her. 

"That's—" she started to say, but her throat closed off before she could say different. She chose a different tact. "I would go out of my way to protect anyone in danger. It's what we've done for the last few years, protecting humans visiting the Shadow World. I don't love them." 

"No, I doubt you do, but that is different. I'm guessing that your brother put himself into mortal danger to save you. He went well out of his way to save you. I'm even willing to go so far as to say that he would give up his life to save yours, and I've never even met him. I'll go a step further, and state that you are willing to do the same." 

"But..." she trailed off, already seeing where he was going. 

"Would you do any less for Jessica? I doubt it." 

"But I don't want to—" 

"The only thing that's different is how you choose to show that love." He gave her a solemn look, daring her to argue more. While she was tired of being interrupted, it was hard to argue with his logic. "I'm not saying you need to go back to having sex with her, though let's face it... There's no putting the yolk back in the shell once it's broken. What's done, is done. You love her. If it really bothers you that much, don't stop loving her. Just stop lusting after her." 

"But how do I deal with the fact that I've... That we've... Damn it, I had sex with my sister!" The swear word slipped out as her frustration grew to a boiling point. 

"Maybe you did, and maybe you didn't," Shemhazau shrugged his shoulders. 

"There are a lot of things you can argue, but I know for a fact that I had sex with her," Shelly spat. 

"Did she say she was your sister?" he asked as though she were missing something important. 

Shelly opened her mouth to say yes, but, "No," came out instead. She paused as that single word sank in, then rejected it. "Her mother is the Pillar of Fire. I think she has to be my sister." 

He examined her for a long moment before replying. "Angela was a good girl. I did my best to help her grow into a good succubus. When I found out she fell in love with my son, I was happy for them. You know, I raised them both, though in different ways. They could almost be siblings... Anyway, I know how much she wanted to be a mother. I have no doubt she wouldn't willingly cheat on your father, even though she is a succubus." 

His words sank into her heart and made it even heavier. She didn't know the Pillar of Fire very well, but hearing him state that she wouldn't cheat on her father, drove the knife in her heart deeper. 

"There is a difference between love and lust," Shemhazau continued on as though ignorant of her emotions. "People confuse the two all the time. You can love someone and not lust after them. By the same token, you can lust after someone, but not love them." 

"I get it," she yelled and looked up to meet his eyes. Gray eyes, just like her father. Just like Sheldon and her had. Just like Bridgette had. But Jessica's were blue... Of course, Brock's eyes were brown. Jessica had black hair, just like Eldon, but his hair color came from their mother. She wracked her brain to think if there were any other genetic similarities between Jessica and her family, but couldn't come up with any. "I can love her, without having to have sex with her. Is there anything else you want to tell me, or can I go now?" 

"Apparently my son hasn't raised you to respect your elders properly," Shemhazau muttered. "I'd bend you over my knee and show you the proper way to behave, but I can't think of any reason to keep you here. Unless, you're into getting spanked? Does that glare really work on anyone? Because I think it looks cute on you. Oh, fine. Be that way. Tell your father hi. It seems like the sex out there has finally stopped. It must have been one helluva orgy for me to sense it in here." 

Shelly's face slipped from glaring at her perverted grandfather, to shock at his words. She opened her mouth to ask what he was talking about, but the sandy beach and rolling waves were already starting to fade away. 

"What do you mean, your fiancée?" Sheldon's voice penetrated the fog surrounding her before she woke up. 

* * * * 

When waking from a deep sleep, after having a traumatizing experience, finding a woman with a needle literally sticking out of her finger and poking into your arm is a little more than terrifying. Shelly wasn't in the least bit embarrassed to yank her arm away as she screamed. 

"Shelly?" Sheldon's voice reached her, full of concern. "Shelly! You're all right!" 

She had just enough time to note that he was completely naked before he tackled her to the bed in a massive hug. There was no way she could mistake his massive erection poking into her side. Before she could stop it, the thought that something that big and twisted poking into her in a different spot would feel great. Damn her grandfather and his subversive words! 

She shuddered, and shoved hard against him. "Get off me! Why are you naked?" She glanced around and realized that only Sonia and she were clothed. Everyone else was fully nude, including some strange man she didn't recognize with large fairy wings resting in the fountain next to Bridgette. Even Mei was nude, lying next to an equally nude Mihale Maztaim. Brooke, Becky, and her father were close to the fountain, staring at her with wide eyes. Shlee and Mandy were near the door, with a gap just big enough to fit her brother between them. Where was Gloria? Had Mandy and Sheldon gotten back together? What was going on? She remembered Shemhazau's words about an orgy, and she could see the evidence of that running down a few legs, and in the nakedness of those around her. 

"How long have I been out?" She asked as she held the back of her hand to her head. 

"Exactly three hours, seven minutes, and forty-two seconds," Sonia informed her. "You didn't miss anything, other than a bunch of drama." 

Only a bit over three hours? It felt like a great deal more than that, but time sleeping, or in the Mens Mundi could be deceiving. 

"Where's Gloria, and who is that next to Bridgette?" From the way Eldon flinched at Gloria's name, she knew that news wouldn't be good. 

"Hey toots!" the man by her half-sister grinned at her. "I've been watching you for quite a while!" The way he leered at her made Shemhazau's advances seem tame. 

"Be respectful, Oberon, or else," Bridgette commanded. When had she become forceful? From the way Oberon's cheeks colored, Shelly had to wonder what kind of control Bridgette had over him. When he shrunk down to four inches in height, Shelly knew what he was. 

"You're a fairy!" she gasped and pointed at the little man with butterfly wings. 

"I'm not just any fairy!" he said, full of indignation. "I'll have you fucking know, I'm Oberon, King of the Fairies, Keeper—" 

"Keeper of the Cup, Lover of Ladies, yada, yada, yada," everyone else in the car intoned at almost the same time. 

"Nobody ever lets me finish!" he stamped his foot in the air and folded his arms in a pout. 

"I told you to be respectful," Bridgette chided him. "And watch the language! Dad doesn't like foul mouths, and neither do I!" 

"I'm sorry, my love. Shade of my heart. Butter to my Biscuit. But I was going to change it to Lover of One Lady. You!" 

"Oh really?" Bridgette asked, then shimmered and changed into Brock. "Not sure I know how to take that." 

"Forgive me, my heart. I am Oberon, King of the Fairies, Keeper of the Cup, Lover of You, and Soulkeeper of the Fay." 

"Feel better for getting that all out?" he raised one eyebrow. 

"Only if you'll forgive me, oh wondrous one!" 

"I think I'm still dreaming," Shelly muttered and placed her hand back against her head. "Or I was out longer than a few hours." 

"What Sonia calls drama, was actually pretty important," Lyden said as he pulled on his pants. "Sorry you had to see us all like that, Shelly. What Gloria called a parting gift was fun at the time, but I wish she hadn't done it now." 

"Parting gift?" Shelly asked, not liking the sound of that. "What—?" 

"I don't regret it," Mandy said as she helped Sheldon get dressed. 

"Neither do I!" Shlee added as she took a moment to slip her hand into his pants and adjust his erection. Why was her brother glowing? There was too much Shelly still didn't understand. 

"Knock that off, Shlee," Eldon gripped the woman's hand and pulled it away. "What about your fiancée?" 

"Wait!" Shelly almost screamed. Her head was starting to spin as she tried to understand everything she'd missed while talking to Shemhazau. "You two are getting married? What about Gloria? What did Dad mean by her parting gift? Where did Oberon come from? Why is Sheldon glowing? Why was everyone naked when I woke up? On second thought, don't answer that last one. Grandpa already clued me in. Why are you all staring at me like that?" 

"You've been through a rough moment," Sonia said as she laid her hand on Shelly's shoulder. She was surprised at how much care the robot seemed to have in her voice and on her face. Whoever programmed her had done a phenomenal job. "Do you want to talk about that first? I've been programmed to help with any situation you'd like to discuss." 

"Not right now," Shelly said. She felt odd with how genuine Sonia sounded. Shelly knew she was a mechanical being, but she didn't act like one. 
