 What can be better than a nice time spent on a cruise ship with your loving girlfriend? It's definitely not waking up in the hospital to find yourself hooked up to annoying machines and your family refusing to say how badly you've been hurt. 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 09 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

The Cost of Life 

Eldon sighed as he sat back in the lounge chair. This was the life. He honestly couldn't think of anything better. The sun sat low on the horizon as the cruise ship cut through the water on its way to some tropical destination. He didn't know where the ship was headed, but it didn't matter. The temperature was perfect, not too warm, and not too cold. In his hand rested an alcoholic drink that tasted sweet and fruity. All of that by itself would be wonderful, but there was more bringing a smile to his face. 

Still in critical condition... 

"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself," Gloria smiled up at him and released his rounded phallus from her talented mouth. "We can come here any time you want. Now you just lie back, and let me see if I can get you off, again." 

She'd already swallowed two of his loads since coming up on deck, but he didn't show any signs of softening, or having any desires to have her stop. 

Someone needs to stop that bleeding or we're going to lose him. 

Gloria used her left hand to fondle his scrotum, massaging the sensitive orbs as she sucked his thick head between her lips. She used her right hand to stroke the saliva slickened length of him, causing him to arch his back in delight. 

"Mind if I help?" a voice asked. A slender female shape stepped between him and the sun, and he recognized the President of the United States, Martha Louise. He couldn't remember her being on this cruise, but suddenly it seemed as though she'd always been there. 

The sudden image of her bloody and unconscious while strapped into a seat flit through his mind, but he shoved it aside. She was a lot more attractive in the skimpy white one piece swimsuit. The neckline of her outfit dropped below her belly button, giving him a great view of her abdomen and the valley between her decent sized breasts. Her dark nipples, visible through the thin light fabric, were already hard. 

Only three survivors. One is... 

"The more the merrier," Gloria smiled and returned to her task. 

"Well, what if I sit here," Martha grinned and straddled his face. He had to set his drink down, but he didn't mind. He had a different chalice to drink from now. "And then I can lean forward and help. Let me see. Maybe I should move this to the side?" 

Martha reached down and slipped the damp crotch of her bathing suit out of his way. Eldon lifted his head the remaining distance and used his tongue to run the length of her slit. He heard her moan before he felt another mouth on his twisted rod.  

I said we need to stop that bleeding from the stump! Damn it! If he loses any more blood he'll go into cardiac arrest! 

Eldon used the tip of his tongue to run around the mature woman's inner labia. She was already wet, but as he sucked in her petals, a fresh flow coated his lips, nose, and chin. 

He brought his arms around her waist and gripped her rear, pulling her tighter into his mouth. With his strength, she wasn't going to be able to get away, and he attacked her clitoris with ferocious hunger. Martha jerked and squirmed as he nibbled on her sensitive nub, but couldn't escape. She moaned and twitched on top of him, making Eldon grin as he brought her closer to climax. 

POTUS is stabilizing. We need to get her out of here. 

"Oh, yes! That... That feels great, Eldon. Oh, oh... I... Oh yeah. I'm gonna—" Before she could finish her sentence, Eldon felt her muscles go rigid and his mouth flooded with more of her sweet taste. 

He's in no condition to move. We need to stabilize that bar. It's punctured right through his... 

"Mmm, I don't think we're going to be able to finish him off with our mouths this time," Gloria's voice reached him. Why don't you turn around, Martha, and we can slip this beast inside you?" 

"Oh, yeah! I can't wait to take that beast inside me," Martha replied. "I still can't believe how good it felt last time." 

Careful now. If we bump that metal while we lift him, it'll cause him to bleed some more. Damn it, I said be careful! Are you trying to kill the Ambassador's son? I'll let you be the one to explain... 

Eldon let Martha lift off him. She beamed at him as she met his eyes. Her fingers traced along his cheek and she brought her face close to his. "I'm going to have to make you a permanent fixture in my cabinet. How does the Minister of Really Damned Good Orgasms sound?" 

He didn't think the United States had ministers, but before he could reply, her tongue slipped between his lips and she kissed him. Her juices were still on his face, but she didn't seem to mind as she through her leg over him. Gloria guided his twisted member to her hole. She grunted into his mouth as she slid back, taking the smallest percentage of him into her. She shifted forward, then pressed back again, taking even more of him into her tight canal. 

Eldon moaned into her mouth at the pleasure her inner folds gave him. She was tight, and there was an inner fire in her that was contagious. His moan rose in pitch as he felt Gloria's tongue bathe his scrotum. 

Martha picked up her rhythm, taking him deeper with each stroke. Her insides were aflame with her desire. The heat of their connection soaked into him from where they were joined, stoking his own flames and lusts. 

"Deeper," Martha panted, breaking the kiss. "I need you deeper." Eldon was too happy to comply, and started meeting her stroke for stroke. He felt himself bump up against her womb, but she groaned, "Deeper!" and he thrust again. 

He lifted her chest up and latched onto one of her dark nipples. The stiff nub rubbed against his teeth as he sucked. He dropped his hands down to her ass, only to find Gloria's already there. Her tongue was still pleasing his scrotum, but by the movements he felt, she was also fingering the President's bum. He decided to join his fingers to hers, stretching Martha's rectum and making her scream as she came. Her pelvis touched his, and he was shocked to find he was completely ensconced within her.  

His heartrate is spiking. I need 10cc of... 

"While I like how your fingers feel, I want that cock in my ass," Martha crooned and lifted off him. He left her with a wet sucking noise, and a groan from him at the loss of how great she felt. The loss was short lived as Gloria took him in her mouth, cleaning off Martha's cream. 

She turned around, putting her back to him and straddled his waist again. Gloria gripped him at the base, aiming him for their target. He felt a bit of pressure as Martha's gluts slipped past his tip. The pressure increased until he felt her sphincter slip around his sensitive rim. 

"Shit, that cock feels bigger back there than it did in my pussy. Give me a moment to get used to it," Martha panted as her hands rested on his chest. 

Eldon looked down at the gap between them, and saw Gloria grinning back at him. How did he ever get so lucky to have a woman like her care for him? "Don't ever leave me," he told her, meaning it. 

Her eyes grew wide at his words, and for some reason he thought she looked sad. "Don't you dare leave me!" 

He was shocked at the emotion and vehemence with which she spoke. He knew she cared for him, but perhaps he didn't know how much. 

"I would be an absolute fool to leave such perfection." He blew her a kiss and winked. 

We're losing him! 

"While you two are being all lovey-dovey, I need to get this monster buried in my tiny ass," Martha moaned and let her weight impale herself deeper onto his prick. 

Eldon saw Gloria blow a return kiss, then lifted her head up to lick Martha's wet and empty cunt. The President gasped and slid further onto him. To Eldon, it felt as though a vise was slipping down his rod. That is, if vises were made of sexy Latina rear ends and felt like heaven. 

Martha ground her coochy against the succubus's hungry lips and worked herself further down Eldon's spiral-shaped pole at the same time. She had to stop from time to time as her body was wracked with multiple orgasms. For Eldon's part, he had to stop himself from gripping her hips and slamming himself into her compressing colon. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her, and knew that with his size, that could be all too easy. Instead, he contented himself with reaching around her chest, and taking a breast in each hand, fingering her nipples and enjoying to her moans. 

Grab all the pieces. We'll attach whatever we can, but... 

An animalistic groan escaped his lips when her cheeks finally touched his pelvis. Involuntarily, he thrust his hips up making them both cry out in ecstasy. Her colon gripped him, delivering pleasure along his length. 

He knew Martha was ready to truly begin when she turned to meet his eyes and said, "Now fuck me! I want to feel your hot cum inside me. Oh, God, I think you're poking my heart. Fuck me!" 

Eldon was like a robot, ready to follow any commands that meant more pleasure for both of them. He gripped her hips and used his strength to lift her up a couple inches, then slammed her back down while thrusting up to meet her. He repeated the movement, their bodies making a steady slapping sound that filled the deck of the cruise ship. Martha muttered incoherently as Eldon pounded into her rear from below. 

"I can't suck on her sweet cunny while you're pounding her brains out," Gloria said, suddenly next to his head. "Why don't you suck on my little kitty until you cum. I need you to cum, Eldon. Cum again for me." 

He's flat lining! 

Eldon was in heaven. A pussy on his lips, and a tight ass around his dick. Two women moaning from the pleasure he was giving them. Now this truly was the life! 

Martha started to shake and shudder as her body was overcome with an intense orgasm. Her insides rippled around Eldon's girth, sending his gratification into overdrive. He felt his cock swell against its tight confines as he shot his load deep into her bowels. Gloria came a second later, soaking his face in a second coating of delicious cream. 

The world vanished around Eldon. He felt at once weightless and as though he were falling. Soul devouring darkness pressed in on all sides of him. 

Somehow, some part of him understood that he was dying. His only regrets concerned how sad his family and Gloria were going to be. 

Clear! 

"I'm sorry, Gloria," he whispered into the emptiness. "I didn't want to leave you." 

It's not enough. Turn the defibrillator up to 300J. Clear! 

A tear formed in his eye as he pictured his beautiful girlfriend, not as he'd seen her a moment ago, but as he'd seen her that first time, wearing a backpack and a ball cap. She was beautiful! 

Damn it! 360J. I won't lose you! Clear! 

He didn't know how long he would fall, but he was certain that Death would meet him at the bottom. Even so, it shocked him when he finally stopped. 

* * * * 

A steady beeping noise poked into his awareness and soon became annoying. 

Beep... Beep... Beep... To Eldon it seemed as though the God of Annoyances was telling him, "Wake up, Asshole. You've got stuff to do." 

He didn't want to wake up. He just wanted to rest. He was so tired. 

He tried to move away from the noise, but little threads tied his body in place, keeping him from going somewhere quiet. 

"I think he's waking up," someone said nearby. 

Eldon tried to open his eyes, but they were gummed shut. He opened his mouth to speak, but it felt dry and filled with dust. What was wrong with him? Panic gripped him and he heard that annoying beep pick up its pace. He no longer wanted to sleep so badly. Something was wrong, but he couldn't open his eyes to find out, and couldn't move either. 

"Shh, it's okay, Eldon," he heard Gloria's sweet voice fill his head. "You're going to be all right. Calm down. That's it. Take a deep breath. Good. Now another. Everything is going to be okay." As she spoke, he felt her power wash over him, calming him, and bringing peace to his mind as he obeyed. The beeping slowed its relentless pace, but continued its annoying song. 

He'd been hurt. That much was obvious. That beeping noise must be a heart monitor, which meant he was in a hospital. He tried to think back over what might have hurt him. He remembered flying off in the helicopter with the President, then going into Gloria's Mens Mundi and... He felt his cheeks burn as he remembered what he'd done there. The cruise ship must have been in the Mens Mundi as well. Something tickled his thoughts. He thought he recalled waking up at one point to a smoke-filled cabin and the ground rushing up to meet them. 

Someone tried to kill them. He didn't believe for a moment that it was a mechanical failure. 

"Everything is all right," Gloria's voice soothed him again when he became agitated and the heart rate monitor picked up its infernal beeping. "Wake up, Asshole. You're still alive." 

He wished he could see her. Did he still have his eyes? Did he lose them in the attack? 

Something cool and wet pressed against his eyes, cleaning them. After a few seconds of this, he was able to open his eyes and look around. He wasn't prepared for all the people he saw. Gloria was leaning over him with a wet towel in her hands, tears of joy brimming in her beautiful eyes. She looked tired. Eldon had never known a woman who could look so tired and still remain such a stunning beauty. 

"Flattery will get you everywhere," she beamed at him. Once again, she was reading his mind. It never seemed to bother him that he would never have any secrets from her. He wasn't the type to keep many secrets anyway. 

"How do you feel?" Shelly asked next, coming to stand next to Gloria. 

"How long have I been out?" he asked instead of answering. 

"About a week," Jessica answered. What was she doing here? He thought she hated him. She opened her mouth to say something more, looked at Shelly, and shook her head instead. 

"Mom, Dad, and Becky are out in the waiting area," his sister told him. "Areth went to go get them when you started to wake." 

Eldon groaned at the sound of Areth's name. Why did she have to be here? 

"Sheldon, honey, are you okay? Where does it hurt?" his mom burst into the already cramped room. She started fussing over him, making his cheeks burn in embarrassment. He couldn't remember the last time Sheila Lance had acted like that. "Are the doctors taking care of you? Is there anything I can get you?" 

"He just woke up," the last person he expected to come to his rescue stated. Areth fluttered her golden wings and flew to the side of his face. "How would he know if the doctors are treating him well?" 

"Thanks, Areth," he said. Two words he never expected to utter. 

"Besides," she added, and Eldon knew he was going to regret her next words, "I'm sure he's not happy with us waking him up. I'm sure he and Gloria were doing all sorts of perverted things in their dreams." The golden fairy spun on the succubus. "I still say you could have invited me. I didn't have to join in, but I could have lent my spirit and watched. He would have healed faster. You didn't have to give so much of yourself." 

"Areth, enough," his dad said in a firm tone. She huffed, but went to land on his shoulder. "Sheila, give the boy some room to breathe." All his life, his mother had obeyed his father without question or delay, but for just a moment, Eldon thought she was going to balk. 

She took a moment to brush his cheek with her hand, then went and stood by Lyden's side. "Yes, Master." 

Eldon was a bit surprised she stood and didn't kneel. He didn't have any problem with his mother's normal behavior with his dad. He'd grown up watching the two play master and slave. He knew that it made her happy, even if he didn't understand the how or why of it. If nothing else, her hesitancy told him how serious his injuries were. 

"How bad is it?" he asked. He took a moment to assess his body without looking at it. He couldn't feel his legs, and his left arm was immobilized in a cast. Wires and tubes poked into his right arm and it was strapped to the bed. He was afraid to lift his head and look at his body. 

No one spoke. He looked around the room, noting that Becky was indeed with them. 

"How bad?" he repeated as the beeping machine increased its rate to match his rising heart rate. 

A man in light-blue scrubs entered and frowned at how crowded the room was. The fact that he didn't even take a second glance at Areth told Eldon that the man was used to seeing the four-inch fairy. "I know you're all excited to see him wake up," the man said to those gathered, "but don't get him too riled up. He still needs his rest. For right now, if you'll limit it to immediate family, the rest of you can wait outside." He spoke with authority, as though used to being obeyed. 

Gloria stood to leave and gripped his hand. He wanted to tell her to stay, but she forestalled him. "I'll be right outside. Nurse Jake has taken good care of you so far. You can trust him, but don't let him take too many tissue samples. That's my job." She winked and smiled at him. 

He knew that she'd read the nurse's mind and cleared him. Gloria nodded, and he felt a bit better. 

"You're going to be okay," Becky told him next, then followed Gloria out. Instead of making him feel better, that made him feel worse. No one said that unless things were bad. 

Areth didn't leave. As far as Eldon knew, only his dad had any luck with commanding the fairy, and even that didn't happen often. 

"I'm Nurse Jake," the man told him as he lifted Eldon's eyelid and looked into his eyes. It was nothing romantic, but the sterilized look of a physician. "I'm sure you have a lot of questions, but for right now I want to take your vitals and see how your body is holding up. Your physiology is human, though you heal a lot faster than any human I've ever heard of. I understand you have your girlfriend to thank for that. I wish we could harness that power ourselves. Can you imagine how much better medicine would become if all doctors could heal our patients that well?" Jake spoke with a soothing voice as he took Eldon's blood pressure and pulse, checked the machines, changed a couple settings, and verified that Eldon was indeed still alive. "Well, I've got some notes to take. I'll just be outside. If you need anything, press this red button here and I'll come see what you need." 

Eldon nodded that he understood. He started to feel dizzy and a bit tired. He suspected that there was some pain killers in the I.V. going into his arm. Probably morphine, but there was no way for him to know for sure. 

"How bad?" Eldon asked again, looking his mom in the eyes. She looked away. His dad wouldn't meet his gaze either, nor his sister. None of that scared him as much as his dad not willing to meet his gaze. His father, the hero of the Chaos War and ambassador between two very different worlds, couldn't meet his son's glance. Was that shame, or fear? 

He looked to Areth next, though he suspected it was more because she was there, than because he hoped for an answer. Her golden eyes met his and didn't waiver. 

"How much do you remember of the attack?" his dad asked. 

Eldon ground his teeth. His anger was dulled by the pain meds, but he didn't appreciate being ignored. Still, he was used to obeying his father and answered. "Not much. I remember crashing to the ground, then waking up here." He felt the blood drain from his face as he remembered who else had been in the helicopter with him. "Martha? Is she okay?" 
