 175 AD, Roman Empire

They came early morning. Nobody expected a raid.

Aelia was a slave woman in her early thirties working for a family of patricians in a small border town of the Pontus province in the Eastern Roman Empire. Like other slaves she started her day before anybody else in her household doing menial tasks. This morning she was retrieving the clothes of her masters' family at the fullones, the cleaners. The shop was near the town square and normally a ten minute walk although she knew the walk back would be longer because of her burden of all the garments. When she went out, she saw slaves from other households starting their day too. Rising so early gave her a chance to enjoy the town in relative peace before the rest of the town awoke and the day's cacophony began. Aelia knew that in just a few hours later the hustle and bustle of carts and the shouts of traders would fill the streets and she would not be able to hear herself think.

The empire and especially this stretch of land were enjoying a long period of peace and prosperity. Some of the inhabitants couldn't even remember when armies would pass by on their way to war. As a consequence, trade flourished. 

Walking through the quiet streets she thought about her homeland on the other side of the Black Sea. She was taken as a small girl from her family after her tribe had mounted raids in Roman territory. To punish the raiders the Romans responded with a raid of their own to assert the Empire's power. The soldiers that arrived took the Empire's payment from the raiders in the form of several hundred villagers who were forced into slavery and spread throughout the empire. 

After she had been taken she was trained to be a house slave in Byzantium where she was purchased by her current master. Within a few weeks they moved to a border town where her master obtained a lofty administrative position within the local government.  

In general, life was dull for Aelia. In the mornings she had her cleaning and other menial tasks while in the afternoon she mostly cared for her master and his family. She was the only slave of Justus and Aeliana Tulius, their son Philos and their two daughters Quintia and Cassia. At first Aelia took on the role as a young babysitter for the children, but now they were all grown up. Quintia and Cassia were 24 and 21 while Philos just turned 19. Aelia had grown especially attached to Philos whom she had seen grow up from a ten year old boy to a handsome young man. 

In Byzantium she made friends with other slaves her age and even had time for a romantic relationship. But, the border town was too small to have a large population of domestic slaves in private ownership and certainly few of her age. Most of the slaves were from nearby and were older than herself. In Byzantium even as a slave she could see a gladiator fight or talk to people her age in the few hours of a day she didn't have to work, but there was little other entertainment there. 

In the duller moments of her days she often caught herself thinking of home. Details were fading from her memory, after all it had been ten years since she had been taken. But, she still remembered the good times; playing in the meadows with the other children, riding the horses and teasing the sheep. She dreamt of buying herself free one day and traveling back to her home country.

Suddenly, she was startled from her reverie when the peace of the street was shattered by a crashing sound in the distance. It sounded like it was coming from the gates. Aelia could hear the clanging of swords and the sound of a horse in full gallop coming her way. She was nearly knocked to the ground by the soldier riding it as he hurried to the western gate. 

A horn was blown and a group of slaves ran past her, their eyes wide with terror.

'Run, run', one said as he continued running .

Aelia hurried down the street without looking back. When she arrived at her master's home, she hid in its basement.

'Were they still sleeping upstairs,' Aelia thought to herself of her master's family. She considered warning them, but thought better of leaving her hideaway. 

------ Two hours later ------ 

Hiding in the basement, Aelia could hear soldiers running and doors being smashed in. It sounded like people were being taken from their homes and rounded up. After about an hour the noises quieted and it seemed like the soldiers had gone. 

Aelia slowly came from hiding to find her master's house abandoned. 

'Where is everybody,' she thought. She hurried to a window and saw no one in the street. In the distance though, she could hear the foreign soldiers shouting on the square. 

Aelia crept from the house and hid behind a wall near the square. She could see a few dozen villagers sitting in a group in the middle of the square, all of them scared and confused. She recognized many of them as her master's neighbors. Mothers held on to their daughters and men maneuvered themselves in front of their families in an attempt to protect them.

The townspeople were surrounded by foreign soldiers wondering what would happen to them and what the soldiers were waiting for. Who were these attackers, many wondered? Would they be sacrificed to some unknown god or would they be used as slaves in an unknown country? Some yelled to the soldiers that they had wealth and riches for them if they would just let them go. 

Aelia gasped when she saw the children of her master in the group. Philos was holding his two sisters tight while their wild eyes betrayed their panic. Her master and his wife were nowhere to be seen. 

The soldiers just stood there and seemed to wait for something. Their posture and concentration showed a great deal of discipline. The invaders looked human but there was something different about them that made them appear remarkable. Many of them looked almost Herculean. They were a few inches taller than the average human and their strong musculature was visible through their uniforms. Aelia thought she could even see some women among the soldiers themselves displaying power and strength with only their bodies.

'These are not ordinary barbarians,' Aelia thought. 

All around the guarded group in the square, chaos continued. The battle, if it could be called that, was decided the moment the first invader's spear was thrown. Nevertheless, pockets of the town's defending soldiers were still battling the interlopers. Buildings burned and occasionally screams could be heard, the strange attackers were now roaming the streets freely, rounding villagers up into groups. 

Because of the long peace the border town had enjoyed, only a small garrison of Roman soldiers protected it. The garrison was made up of soldiers who were not deemed effective enough to use at the front lines. Many counted themselves lucky to have landed such an easy assignment and were not prepared for invasion. They were no match for the assailants. 

Beyond the square, in between the buildings, Aelia noticed a group of townspeople calmly walking in a line behind several soldiers. They were headed for the western gate. They seemed complacent, there were no screams or whimpers like those coming from the group in the square. 

Aelia wanted to follow them but she couldn't leave without exposing herself. She also had to find her master. Maybe he would know what to do. 

Suddenly, at the corner of the square, there was a flurry of movement. The soldiers guarding the townspeople looked towards the commotion to see someone approaching. The new arrival wore a helmet adorned with an enormous eagle. Obviously a leader, the approaching soldier appeared larger than the other invaders and was escorted by four more soldiers. 

The leader walked with purpose and stopped before the cowering group of villagers. He was an imposing figure, much larger than even the strongest of the town's garrison. Sweat mixed with dust streaked his muscular legs and taught abdomen. But, even with a similar physique, the man had a strange, almost alien look about him. Even for that, Aelia found him extremely handsome. His visage raised an unfamiliar excitement in her abdomen. 

After inspecting the villagers, the leader called something out to a man in front of the group. Aelia couldn't make out what he said, she saw the man reassure his wife and stand up.

It was obvious the man did not understand what the leader had said, but he assumed he had been chosen to be the representative of the group. The villager gathered his nerve and thoughts as he looked directly at the leader in an attempt at making a strong impression. Suddenly he felt an excited pulse flash through his body. The feeling felt like liberation in an odd way. His fear had disappeared and he felt free not only from his current predicament, but also from his daily worries. There was also an erotic tingle that grew more urgent by the second. The sensation was inescapable and he allowed it to encompass his entire mind and body. An urgent need to surrender came over the man, he felt compelled to obey whatever command the leader gave him. The feeling was like an aphrodisiac and blood raced to the man's cock. 

At the same time, the man's wife, still sitting on the ground, noticed her husband's change in demeanor. She was confused when she saw a very visible bulge appear from behind his tunic. She pulled at his clothes, but he didn't respond still staring at the soldier. She stood in terror and screamed towards the leader, pleading to know what was happening to her husband. Walking towards the attacker she looked him defiantly in the eyes and a feeling of confusion came over her. 

The woman advanced on the leader, her face a mask of fear and determination. But, as she approached him, an increasingly demanding impression that she must obey the leader formed in her head. All her thoughts disappeared in a mist of breeziness that radiated over her entire body. After a few moments the feeling became concentrated in her lower regions where it morphed into something incredibly erotic. The thought of obeying this man made her feel good like she never felt before. A soft moan escaped from her mouth and body betrayed itself with little streams of fluid flowing down her legs. 

The leader gestured for the enthralled couple to come forward. When they stood just a few meters in front of him, he spoke to them in a foreign tongue. The words carried the weight of orders and the couple stood still, saying nothing, as if they could understand the soldier. When he was done talking, the woman and the man walked behind the leader while his escorts kept watch on her. 

From behind the leader, they started to undress him first taking off his helmet and laying it on the ground next to him. They unfastened his armor and removed it before lifting his tunic over his head, revealing a truly magnificent body. 

'This is just like the stories from ancient times', Aelia thought as she watched the interchange. She couldn't keep her eyes of the leader's muscles and started a bit when her eyes found his groin. The man's cock was already quite large although it was still not fully erect. 

A hush came over the group of townsfolk as the people they knew as their neighbors removed the soldiers' remaining clothes. The town's women, mothers and daughters, found themselves enraptured by the man's physique.

Mesmerized by the sight, Aelia's hand unconsciously moved towards her breast and softly caressed it. She stopped when she saw the woman and the man getting on their knees in front of the soldier and grabbing his cock with their hands. Aelia's mouth fell open in surprise when the pair together started pleasuring the soldier. A tremor went through the on looking crowd. Time seemed to stand still as nobody could believe what was happening.

The leader closed his eyes and threw back his head as if he was savoring a sensation desired for a long time. 

While his wife was giving the soldier a blowjob, her enthralled husband started to undress himself and his spouse. It was clear they were both physically aroused. Moisture from her nethers glistened in the late afternoon sun while his erection was obviously rock hard. 

The villagers should have been alarmed by the spectacle but the whole situation seemed so outlandish nobody questioned what was happening. Instead they let themselves be taken into what seemed an erotic dream. En masse the townspeople grew more intoxicated by their invaders. Especially the vulnerable minds of the younger ones left all rational thoughts easily and without noticing what was happening surrendered to the feeling of domination and primal erotic pleasure the head soldier radiated. Unconsciously their hands slowly found their way on breasts, arms and legs while a few moans were uttered. Some of the villagers did notice the influence of the soldiers but simply choose to surrender to it. It soothed the fear they had and seemed like a better alternative than defiance. A few managed to stay clear of mind and were contemplating what to do. 

As the group was beginning to fall under the spell of the invaders, in front of them the husband and wife were already completely enthralled. Every conscious thought was shutdown by an overwhelming need to obey their new master. Their whole body overpowered by a sexual heat that could only be extinguished by devoting themselves to the man they were gratifying now. The woman was licking his balls while the man took his cock in his mouth without reservation. 

When the guards felt they had waited long enough for the leader to make his choice, the invaders laid down their weapons and moved on the group. Those villagers who stayed sane of mind tried to make a run for it. 

One woman tugged on her daughters' tunic, trying to force her to away and flee. When she finally managed to wrench her daughter from the scene, the woman turned to flee with her child, but found herself blocked by the muscular mass of another male soldier. 

The woman raised her eyes to his and was overcome by feelings of both fear and excitement like she had never felt before. The soldier grabbed the woman roughly by the shoulder and she suddenly turned docile in his hands. Rationally, part of her mind knew she should resist or run but another part compelled her to do what the soldier wanted. 

Slowly she lifted her dress to reveal her voluptuous, naked body. Her daughter lay still on the ground oblivious to what was happening to her mother her gaze having returned to the leader and his playthings. The daughter's hands moved slowly down to her body and rested on her budding womanhood. 

Aelia watched this scenario play out with several others of the townspeople. She watched as a man broke from the center of the group and sprinted towards freedom. He was intercepted by what looked like a female soldier. She was a few inches higher than him and rippling with taught muscles. The soldier grabbed the runner by his shoulders and held him high as she glared directly into his eyes. Immediately the man stopped struggling as all will to run left him. He was perplexed by her beauty, her voluptuous curves and especially her eyes that intimidated and corrupted. 

Aelia searched the group for Philos and noticed that in the bustle he became separated from his sisters. He followed a female soldier to a corner of the square totally enraptured by her being as she seductively swayed her bountiful hips. He stood no chance as she laid him on a bench and mounted him with her already moist pussy. He almost blacked out from the first wave of ecstasy as her double D breasts wobbled above his head. 

His sisters stayed behind clutching each other, as they watched the soldiers. As she observed, Aelia saw a soldier calmly sitting down next to the sisters and gently cupped Quintia's chin with his strong hand. The hiding slave had to stifle a shout of warning to Quintia when the soldier moved to softly kiss the girl.

At the front of the crowded citizens, the male villager had offered the only other orifice he had to the leader. The soldier accepted his gift with pleasant surprise. These people were more susceptible than I expected, he thought to himself. 

Though the villager had never before thought of being with a man, he found that the pounding he was taking left him with a rock hard erection of his own, precum dripping from his own member.

The man's wife kept licking his nethers while stroking herself. Slowly she moved from his balls to his ass as her face nestled in the larger man's ass crack in an erotic daze. Against all of her morality, she began teasing the leader's asshole with her tongue. 

Another female soldier from moved seductively to the threesome. Her eyes were filled with lust and, were she human, she would have been the epitome of female perfection. Even with some of her battle armor on her womanly curves were clearly visible. While she passed the human, women she brought her hand to the women's face and caressed her cheek. The tender touch did not distract the village woman from her licking, but did elicit a low moan.

Slowly the female soldier walked around to the leader's front where he was ravishing the man. With one hand she grabbed the roughly villager by the neck and brought his eyes even with hers. The man's eyes were filled with a mixture of fear, arousal and surrender. She also noticed his rock hard member. 

With a few words to the leader, the woman released the man while the leader held him a loft. She stripped off her armor and under garments before grasping the villagers cock in her warm hand and inserted the man's tool into her already wet pussy.

The man was sandwiched between the two enemies, one plowing his ass the other surrounding his cock with her tight, burning cunt. The man's eyes rolled back in his head from sensory overload. He felt his balls boiling and knew his seed would soon be expelled. 

The female soldier noticed his impending ejaculation and grabbed the man's chin with her hand moving his head sideways and exposing his neck. She could see his veins and smell his blood flowing through at a rapid pace. The hunger that had plagued her and her kin for so long asserted itself tenfold from being this close to the man's neck. In a flash her need to feed overtook her and with a low, demonic growl she bared her teeth and tore into the unprotected neck.

From her vantage point behind the wall, Aelia looked on with terrified eyes, unable to believe what they were reporting. It was like the myths of old, whispered between people in darkened rooms. She watched as man embraced between the two soldiers allowed his head to be turned and then two small streams blood dripped down from his neck while his body stiffened and started convulsing. It was as if the attackers were feeding off of him. 

For the briefest of moments the bite's pain brought clarity to the man. His eyes flew wide in confusion as he suddenly became aware of his situation. In the field he saw the orgy that had begun in the square as the corralled group surrendered themselves to the foreigners. And then he returned to the fog as the chemicals from the bite began their work, combining with his physical arousal to elicit the most intense orgasm of his life. 

The man shot rope after rope of his thick cum deep into the female soldier's depths. She drank from him as her cunt milked his cock of its cum. The excitement of orgasm raced through the man's blood stream and down the soldier's thirsty throat. At the same moment, the leader came into the villager's pillaged ass with a loud, guttural growl. The human's ass squeezing around its invader as his own orgasm continued. 

The woman soldier relented her feeding and offered the man's neck to her leader. He put his mouth on the man's neck and had his fill as his demonic orgasm continued to fill the man's ass. With the leader's bite, a new set of chemicals were released and the villager was thrown headlong into another moment of shear ecstasy. When the leader had his fill, he dropped the man to the ground still alive, but in an erotic stupor, spent from the experience. 
