 [tags: violence, breast feeding] 

The elements to resurrect Areth are coming together. What will be the final cost to restore one life? 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 23 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Awakening 

Lyden Snow spared a quick glance over to where Sonia spoke to Shelly. He didn't know what was wrong with either of his children, though one of Sheldon's girlfriends— Shlee? Mandy?— attempted to tell him what they'd endured. Shelly was acting like a sex-crazed maniac while looking like she couldn't care less about everything else going on. 

And Sheldon... His oldest son lay comatose in his arms. His breathing was even, though his face contorted into pain every few seconds. 

"—and that's when the Pillar of Darkness cursed Eldon," the four-armed woman said, pulling Lydon's attention fully to her. 

"He cursed my son?!" he exploded. He'd grown angry a moment ago when she'd said something about King Aecus kidnapping Shelly, but blew it off when he was told that Aecus was dead. Good riddance! That was one less enemy for Lydon to worry about. He suspected that there was more to that story, but hadn't been told everything yet. 

Hearing that the always unpredictable Pillar of Darkness had actually cursed his son was too much. Everything was happening at a speed he couldn't keep up with. Shelly was acting way out of character, and his son, who still glowed golden in his sight, and who was supposed to be impervious to any permanent damage or harm, was comatose. And to add to everything swirling around him, Gloria was trying to kill the Pillar of Fire. Too much happening for him to track it all. He suffered from a feeling he'd not experienced in quite some time. He was overwhelmed. 

"Not cursed," Shlee interjected. He noticed her canine teeth were still a little elongated showing her agitation and her werewolf heritage. Werewolves were his enemy too, right? No, they were now his allies. And one was dating his son. "The Pillar of Darkness blessed your son. Which I think is worse, but he said it was needed in order to bring your fairy back." 

My fairy? Lydon wondered, then cursed himself. Areth! The whole reason his kids went to deal with the font of evil. Why was he finding it so hard to think? And why was he looking up into Sheila's worried gaze? Wasn't he just holding their son? She was saying something to him, and he had to focus hard to hear her. It felt like she was talking to him down a tunnel. No, his vision was just darkening at the edges. He knew that was a bad sign, but knew that there were more pressing needs. 

"You're bleeding, Master!" She seemed to be yelling, but he managed to just understand her. "You've lost a lot of blood." 

Well, that would explain that annoying itch in his side. If she was that worried, he had to be hurt worse than he felt. His slave knew how resilient he was. If nothing else, her fear galvanized his thoughts. 

I need to enter my mind space, he thought. He could heal up there, especially if he pulled his children in to help. They had strong souls. But something was off. Wasn't there something else going on? What was he forgetting? 

* * * * 

As soon as he opened his eyes, Lyden remembered everything. Except how he got hurt. He remembered Gloria coming in and attacking Gaia. Alloria fired arrows in rapid succession, but they bounced harmlessly off the previous goddess of love. Had one accidently hit him? Alloria was a perfect shot with her bow, and while he knew she detested him, he couldn't imagine her actually trying to hurt him. They were allies in protecting Gaia. 

He looked around, and noted the form his mens mundi took. He stood in a large tented pavilion, lush cushions lining the red walls and covering the floor. He recognized it as one of his favorite orgy spots with his wives, and shook his head. Not the kind of place he wanted to bring his children into. He needed to heal, but he didn't need sex for that while in here. 

With a little effort of mental will, his surroundings misted and reformed into Gaia's receiving chambers. There was no battle taking place now, and he stood alone. Where were his kids? Sheldon and Shelly should have been pulled in as he fell asleep. Or rather, fell unconscious. 

Closing his eyes, he tried again to pull them into his mind-scape. They were both out cold, so it should be no issue, unless they had protections up. Or... No, that thought wasn't worth having. 

"Shelly is a little occupied at the moment," an old but familiar voice said. "And as your son has received the blessing of a being that cannot bless, he is currently out of reach as well." 

Lydon's eyes snapped open. He felt his jaw slacken as he looked at a scrawny old man, long grey-white hair hung from his head and down his shoulder in scraggly waves. He wore an old-fashioned tuxedo that might have been in style when Lyden took the man's life. 

"D-dad?" His voice cracked as he tried to speak. He'd talked to his father before while in Shelly's mens mundi, but didn't realize his old man could come visit his. He stood still as he looked over Shemhazau Encantado. "What... How are you here?" 

The wizened man thought that over for a moment before speaking. "I liked the Sultan's tent you had before much more than this earthen room." He paced over to where Gaia's throne stood upon its raised dais. "Gaia really needs to broaden her palette. Too many browns and greens. Oh, close your mouth, son. You were pulling pretty hard, and your daughter didn't want me around while that mechanical woman talked to her, so I figured I'd pay you a visit. Besides, Gaia is working her over while she slumbers." 

Lyden's mouth was not hanging open! He knew this wasn't really his father. His father's soul still resided in the cursed blade, Murasame. This was merely a shadow of the real one. But a shadow was more than he'd had for two decades. Either way, he needed to get that sword back from Marchosias. 

"Do you know what's going on with my kids?" Lyden asked, knowing that the old man was a permanent fixture in his daughter's head and would be aware of what had happened to her. 

Shemhazau's grey eyes pierced Lyden, sizing him up. He knew it was going to be bad if the man who had almost no morals hesitated to speak of what he knew. "You're going to want to sit down for this." 

* * * * 

"I think I'm going to be sick," Sheila said as she got up from the couch and walked away from her master. She'd joined them as soon as she could fall asleep to help him heal, and walked in on her master's father explaining what was going on. 

Her kids! Her poor, poor kids! Incest! Rape! Torture! Mind controlling ants... And her daughter was pregnant by the monster that'd raped her. Master's last greatest enemy was dead, but his legacy now grew inside Shelly's womb. To make matters worse, Shelly had to carry the child to term, or risk the world slowly dying. 

No one deserved to have that happen to them. She knew her kids were strong. They took after their parents, but this... This was worse than anything her master and his wives went through when trying to save their worlds from the Outsiders. She knew that Master was raped by TanaVesta multiple times, and she even took bites out of his flesh as she did it, but this seemed so much crueler. What sick, demented deity that was supposed to be watching over them would allow such an atrocity? The Pillar of Light—according to Gaia—ignored the world, and to the best of her knowledge, there were no higher deities. 

Would she have had the strength to carry a monster in her womb? Over twenty years ago, she'd feared what effects might occur, having the Outsider inhabit her body for the little time it had during that last battle while she was pregnant with the twins. Gaia had assured her that nothing was done to them. The Outsider hadn't been there at the conception. 

Like it might have for Angela's child... She had a little more sympathy for the succubus turned Pillar of Fire's decision to hide the child from Master, but not much. 

She looked at Master, looked at his young-again face, and saw the torment swirling in his grey eyes. As his willing slave, she should prostrate herself before him, and let him take out his pain and anguish on her in any way he desired. But as the mother of the two in torment, she needed to be comforted as well. 

His light eyes turned up to meet hers. Without a word, he stood and pulled her into his powerful arms. Her heart broke again. How did this man always know when to be her master and when to be her friend? They weren't married, but their relationship transcended that definition. She was his willing slave, lover, friend, confidant, and she would do anything for him. He... Well, he was her everything. And right then, he was the rock she needed to not be swept away in a torrent of emotions. 

She didn't know how long they stood there, absorbing strength from one another, but it was Master who spoke first. 

"How does laying a paradox on my son help to bring Areth back?" 

Sheila pulled away and wiped at her eyes. She knew she must look horrid at the moment, but one of the many benefits of being in Master's mens mundi was that she could appear any way she chose to. With a quick thought, she felt an ice-blue, floor length dress engulf her. It matched her mood. She hadn't known Lisa long before her death at the hands of the Paladonic Knights, but the daughter she left with Master would have some answering to do for her part in leading Sheldon into this mess. Lysa may be the Pillar of Air, but her behavior was inexcusable. Helping to save her daughter from Aecus wouldn't be enough. 

Of course, that also meant that Master and her owed Sonia a debt of gratitude for killing that monster, King Aecus. 

"I don't know," Shemhazau said. "I once ruled the succubai, not the fairies. You'll have to ask Oberon on that. The fay folk keep to themselves, mostly, as I'm sure you're aware." 

Brock's, or Bridgette's, boyfriend was a sore subject for Master. Sheila knew that he didn't approve of the relationship. The Fairy King was rude, crass, and the most disrespectful person Sheila had ever met. But she also saw the way the couple looked at one another. Whether it was due solely to Gloria's spell, or something more, the two loved one another. And Oberon doted on Lydon's other child, having no issues with their dual nature. 

"I can't just sit here, doing nothing," Master said as he let go of her and started to pace. 

"You need to heal, Master," she told him, dropping to her knees in supplication and remembering the wound in his side. Gloria, or Aphrodite, or whatever her name was also had some answering to do. Not only for wounding Lyden, or for attacking Gaia, but she'd broken Sheldon's heart at her betrayal. "Gaia has that woman secured. After you're healed up, we can get the answers we need." 

"How bad am I?" he asked, looking at his side, though there was no wound here in his mind. 

"There was a lot of blood, but Gaia assured us that you would survive," she told him. "Even Alloria appeared worried about you, if you can believe it, Master." 

"Alloria?" he asked with no small amount of surprise. "She hates me, and all men." 

"Alloria, you say?" Shemhazau piped into the conversation. "The last living elf? She's not as frigid as she pretends. Besides, you're a good-looking man, and a strong one too. Her being a woman, there's no way she'd not care about you." 

Sheila ground her teeth at his words. They were the most sexist thing she'd heard in a long time, and she loved a man who had multiple wives and loves. Not that Lyden took after his father's personality, but whenever they were in public and people knew who her master was, she heard the whispers and the mumblings. Many people didn't approve of his lifestyle. That was fine with her. They could disapprove all they wanted. As long as they didn't try to force their views on them. 

"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Dad," Master spoke, "but I get the feeling that every time I'm around, it's all she can do not to kill me." 

"Love? Hate? They're both the same emotion, but different ends of the spectrum," Shemhazau shrugged. "Often times, one will lead to the other." 

Sheila thought of Mandy. Emmett's and Alloria's daughter was evidence that the woman could tolerate men. And hadn't Sheila once despised and scorned Lyden until that fateful day that he took her, and owned her soul? She didn't think for a moment that Alloria loved her master, but perhaps she respected him somewhere deep down. 

"What happened to Gloria?" Master wanted to know. 

"Gaia managed to subdue her," Sheila answered. "I don't know what she was thinking, trying to take on one of the Pillars. Master, she was scary with how strong she was. Gaia, I mean. Promise me you'll never have to fight her?" 

"Why doesn't Gaia just heal me?" Lyden asked next, then answered his own question. "Because she's using most of her power to keep balance in the two worlds, and likely needs some to keep Gloria in check. Damn it! I can't reach Sheldon or Shelly to pull them in to help heal me. I don't dare pull in anyone else." 

Sheila knew he had to be frustrated if he was swearing. Damn was the most minor of words he ever used, but it took a lot to get Lyden Snow to swear. 

"Well, I am here at my mistress's request," a melodic voice broke in. They all turned to see Alloria striding towards them. The woman was stunningly beautiful, but in that very cold way some women have. Her long chestnut brown hair framed her face perfectly as she walked. "You should feel honored that I would sully myself by coming here, man." Not even her sneer could mar her beauty. 

"Alloria!" Shemhazau crowed with glee. "What a wondrous site you are. It's been—" He was cut off as Alloria waved a hand at him. Leather handcuffs held his arms behind his back, and he dropped into a kneeling position, some sort of harness holding him in that pose. A muzzle wrapped around and covered his mouth, making it impossible for him to speak. Sheila wondered where she could get a getup like that and surprise Master with it sometime when they could enjoy themselves. 

"If I wanted to hear pigs squeal, I'll go visit a farm," Alloria said, then turned her back on the bound old man. From his reputation, it didn't surprise Sheila that Shemhazau appeared to be enjoying the treatment. 

"I thank you, and appreciate your help," Lyden said, full of diplomacy and with a slight bow. "The sooner I'm healed, the sooner we can restore Arethusa and you won't have to deal with me. I know how much disdain you hold for me." 

Alloria regarded him for a long moment before speaking. "You should be grateful, but if I'm being honest, you're not the worst representative of your kind, despite your life choices." The elf turned to look at Sheila, still on her knees before her master, as she finished speaking. 

Sheila opened her mouth to let this uppity, man-hating bitch know exactly where she could shove her opinion, but was interrupted by another arrival. 

"Mom, dad, I'm so sorry for the way I behaved," Shelly said as she materialized within Master's mens mundi. 

"Shelly!" Lyden exclaimed and ran to their daughter. Sheila was only a step behind because she had to regain her feet. Both parents embraced their daughter for several long moments. Sheila felt tears streaming from her eyes for the second time since coming here, but didn't care. Her daughter appeared to be back to normal. 

"So, this is where the pervert went to," Sonia's voice rang next. "My apologies, Ambassador Snow. I sensed you trying to bring your daughter here, but I blocked them. We... um... had some things to discuss first." 

Sheila glanced at the android, wondering. Was she actually blushing? She must have some seriously sophisticated programming. 

Sheila didn't miss the way her daughter reached out for the synthetic being when they finally released her. There wasn't a look of love on Shelly's face, but one of comfort. Unlike Sheldon, who had received two girlfriends after having his heart broken, Shelly had only received a companion. For her daughter's sake, Sheila hoped it was enough. 

"And my mistress needed her mind within her own body as she worked upon your daughter's pregnancy," Alloria added. 

"Dad, Mom..." Shelly grew pensive as she stepped back and grimaced. Her hand rested on her stomach in a way that could mean only one thing. "There are some things you should know, and... and they aren't going to be pleasant." 

Sheila took her daughter's hand, and gave it a squeeze. Tears rolled down Shelly's face as she tried to build the courage to tell them what they already knew. 

"We know," Master said. Two such simple words, and yet the effect they had on Shelly was incredible. "We know, and we love you no matter what. It wasn't you fault, and we don't blame you." 

* * * * 

Lyden awoke with fury still in his heart. He'd meant what he told Shelly. He didn't blame her for what had happened to her, though he could see in her eyes that she still blamed herself. No, he blamed Jessica, or more precisely, the nameless being that inhabited her. He also blamed Aecus, and was thankful to Sonia for her actions in taking the monster out. His heart broke, knowing that Shelly had to carry the baby to term in order to ensure the world lived. What terrible burdens his children carried, Shelly worst of all. 

"Gaia!" he called out. "We need to talk." 

"Yes, we do," the Pillar of Earth said as she formed out of the ground. "The preparations for Arethusa's revival are nearly complete. I'm glad to see you're returned to whole again." 

Hearing his fairy lover's name almost distracted him from his anger. Almost. 

"You knew where Aecus was all these years," he accused her. 

"Of course I did," she replied as though his statement was obvious. 

"You know he's been trying to kill me for decades," Lyden spat. "You claimed to care about me, yet you let him live, and he raped my daughter!" 

"I also let you live," she informed him in even tones. "He came to me many times, demanding to know where you were so that he could kill you in retribution for TanaVesta's death. I never told him. There were also a few times one of his minions found you, and they never made it back to report to him. I had to let him live, Lyden. His ants are crucial for the survival of all creatures in both worlds. With him dead, it's all I can do to hold the ecology together long enough for your daughter to bear that child." Her gaze grew angry as she approached him. No, anger wasn't the right word. She was furious. "And don't presume that my feelings for you outweigh my responsibilities as the Pillar of Earth. Angela may choose to put you first, but my responsibility is to all living things. Not just you." 

"Angela puts me first?" Lyden tried not to laugh as he grew incredulous. "She lied to me about a child she bore. And that's not even the first time she's lied to me. She made me young again, despite me telling her I didn't want it. Angela serves herself first." 

"You have so many women in your life, and yet you still don't understand us, do you?" Gaia asked, some, but not all, of her rage slipping away. "I didn't say she made the best decisions. Only that she puts you above everyone, and everything, else. Yes, she lied about Jessica... To protect you. And I'm certain you've already made up with her on that. And yes, she made you young again, not for her benefit, but because she honestly thought that you would change your mind once the act was done. I've noticed that you haven't asked me to adjust your age back, despite that being well within my abilities." 

She paused and placed her pointer finger against her mouth as Lyden stood silently, contemplating her words. 
