 Hi, as always all characters are at least 18 years old. This is my second story here and if you like it, please leave a message below. 

***

The biggest fires were already simmering down when the scout party of decurio Quintus Grafitus arrived at the border town. It was almost dusk, which meant they didn't have enough time to return to the base camp. They would have to camp somewhere in the woods with any survivors of the attack while the attackers could still be nearby. 

Quintus didn't like it. The sight of the burned down homes reminded him of the campaign in Dacia. But even without the horrid view on the scorched buildings, He would be out of his element here. Rescuing villagers, galloping to all the corners of the province, maintaining the peace. The 37 year old Iberian born Roman would rather be looking at the sight of a amphora full of wine and a young maiden. 

He looked at the village again and saw the smoke circling up with the bright orange light of the setting sun behind it. It made for quite a view. Well, at least the barbarians seem to have left, Grafitus thought to himself. But then again, where were the villagers?

His men had searched almost half of the houses and had only found the few remains of the slain Roman soldiers that made up the small garrison. There were some signs of combat but not a lot. But what alarmed Grafitus the most were the small puddles of blood they kept finding. He was interrupted in his thoughts by his second in command. 

'What do you make of this, captain?' 

Quintus could see that Jovian, a veteran from the campaign in Dacia, was concerned. 

The decurio honestly had no idea what to answer. It was like the whole village was kidnapped, but there were no known tribes in this part of the empire that would dare to risk something like this. Murdering, pillaging and plundering? Yes. But taking a whole town hostage? That wasn't their modus operandi. 

Maybe some barbarian chieftain had persuaded his men that they could take on the great Roman Empire. It would be suicide of course. Rome had enough legionnaires to spare for a campaign against a small band of barbarians fools, although Quintus would be making sure he wasn't one of these legionnaires. 

Within a month a small army could be assembled from the garrisons of Damascus or Byzantium and these primitives were no match for efficient Roman infantry. In any case, where would the barbarians take all these villagers? The Black Sea was controlled by Roman galley's and the Caucasus mountains made any land escape almost impossible.

But what if it wasn't just a barbarian fool? Quintus quickly dismissed the thought and decided not to share his speculation with his adjutant. He had enough on his mind already without a crew of demoralized men. 

'Probably some small raiding party', he said to Jovian. He tried to focus on the surroundings to clear his mind. 

'But first things first. Send a messenger to the fort to inform the commander of what happened.'

He was interrupted by one of the legionnaires.

'You have to see this captain!'

The scout was standing around a corner behind one of the larger houses. When Grafitus approached the wall he could hear the gasps of his men and he got a sickening feeling in his stomach. He prepared himself for some horrific display of barbarian intimidation. But when he turned the corner it was one of the strangest spectacles he ever saw. A young woman was sitting leaning against a wall. 

She was probably in her mid twenties and thankfully very much alive. She had chestnut brown hair, a pale complexion and wore the kind of dress a daughter of a patrician would wear, but there was nothing distinguishing about her current situation. 

Her dress was half torn open and hiked up above her hips as she held one of her exposed perky with one hand and rubbed her clit furiously with the other. Her bare curvy thighs were shaking as she seemed completely entranced. She was sweating and interchanged high pitched moans with feverish gibberish. Her eyes were closed as if she were in some erotic meditation or a dream intent of having sexual release. When she opened them; she just glanced into the distance with a strange vacant stare, keeping her hand pressed on her love button. One of the soldiers waved his hand in front of her eyes, but she didn't seem to notice him or didn't seem to care. When Quintus looked closer he saw little wounds on her neck and her breast.

Normally a denuded woman would cheer spirits up, but the soldiers were stunned at this sight. They looked at the decurio for orders. 

Trying to regain his composure he told them to cover her up and give her some water. 

'Is she the only survivor?' the decurio asked the soldier who found her. 

'It seems like it, sir.' The soldier looked distressed. 'We only found a few more bodies from the garrison. The rest of the town seems to be deserted, but we did find tracks leading out of the eastern gate. It seems they led the villagers out through there.'

The men were still trying to find out what was wrong with the woman. 

'Have you ever seen a fever like this captain? What kind of sickness is this?' 

For a second, Quintus didn't know what to say. He had never seen a fever like this and at any rate the girl seemed more possessed then sick. We need to find the others for answers, he concluded. 

'She's probably shocked from the whole ordeal. Who knows what these barbarians have done to her or the other villagers. Get her some clothes.' He pointed to two men and ordered them to take care of her. When he saw the horseman getting ready to head to the base camp he grabbed him by the arm and softly said. 

'Tell the commander that decurio Grafitus expresses his utmost concern about the situation. Tell him that Rome must hear about this.'

If the barbarians took all the villagers they wouldn't be moving very fast, Grafitus reckoned. The elders would slow them down. Problem was, the barbarians would at least have a few hundred fighters. Confronting such a force was madness with the dozen horsemen he commanded. But if they could not confront them, they could at least gather intelligence. 

His train of thought was interrupted by a deep moan of the young girl on the ground. In a sexual haze she rutted like an animal as her mind was intent on solely her primal feelings. It became clear how The beauty's legs were soaked in her own love juices. There was no doubt she had an orgasm of epic proportions. 

'Walk with me', he said as he turned to Jovian. The latter noticed the tension that came over his leader. 

'Are you up to the task?' Grafitus asked out of the blue. 

Jovian was confused by the question but he quickly added two and two together. 

'You want me to go after them?'

'I want you to take two riders, follow the tracks through the eastern gate and find the villagers, but you have to be cautious. I have a feeling these are not just any band of robbers. Only someone powerful would kidnap a whole town of Roman citizens. Gather what information you can and report back as soon as possible.' 

-------------------

Fifteen hours earlier 

It felt like she bumped into a wall, but when Aelia looked up she saw one of the most beautiful creatures she ever set eyes upon. A feeling of awe went through her body as she gazed upon the large man that was standing before her. It was the first time she had seen these foreigners from nearby. He was fair skinned, had blond hair and was muscular but in an athletic way. His face was perfectly symmetric with wide-set eyes and high cheekbones. Although his body and attire hinted at the man being a dumb brute, his face looked soft and bright. He seemed not older than thirty, but his eyes betrayed a kind of older wisdom. 

The soldier was a bit confused and he had his hand on his sheathed sword, expecting an attack. But when he looked down he saw the small woman. He hadn't expected any more villagers to be roaming the town alone. 

At first he was frustrated that his subordinates forgot one of the villagers. Everybody should have been captured by now. Then again, maybe she had just wandered off, he thought.

Aelia gasped when he crouched down. Not from fear, although there was some feeling of concern. But the overriding feeling was something she never felt before in her lifetime. She was captivated by this large man before her. She slowly gazed from the invaders rock hard body to his heavy defined jaw lines and each physical feature made the wet feeling between her legs more profound. The blond woman admired his body, but it was his blue eyes that drew her mind into his. The dominance that they emitted was impossible for her to resist and even though he was a complete stranger to her and she just saw his compatriots attack her neighbors, she had a compelling urge to do everything this man desired. 

There was a strange sense that her life and what she held important had changed forever, maybe for the better. Even if she had wanted to look away, she couldn't. She would have undressed herself in an instant if he just gave the order. Hell, her hands were already slowly plucking at her clothes. She would have worshipped his cock, offer any part of her body to him and would engage in any sexual act he liked without questioning. The feeling to obey him filled her to the brim. 

But fate decided otherwise at that moment. 

The large man was distracted by something up the road. Villagers were lifting goods onto carts and some had crashed down. His compatriots were yelling at him to help them. He knew they were already taking too long with this village and risked discovery. Turning his gaze again at the young woman he could see her eyes fixed on his as she writhed her legs together. 

'You aren't going anywhere, are you little one?' he asked her as he caressed her cheeks with his hand. She whimpered at the feeling of his hand on her skin. But then, just as easy, he walked away. 

Aelia watched him walking up to a group of villagers up the road as they stood in attention escorted by a few soldiers. Some of the villagers still had some clothing on but a lot just walked totally nude. The group obediently followed a female soldier who led them towards the eastern gate where they were handed clothes and food. 

Aelia felt the urge to follow the soldier that just now seduced her but just as suddenly as it came, the fog in her mind was lifted as the man who just had been the centre of her world walked away. Step by step a sense of free will returned to her and she grew utterly confused. As the intoxicating feeling left her body she realized what just happened. 

'This must have been what the others felt!' Their behavior made a lot more sense now.

It was like her world had turned upside down within seconds. One moment she was running away from the invaders that were violating her kinsmen, dreading that they would find her too. The other moment she would have let this man and everyone like him use her in any way. 

Looking into that man's eyes was one of the best experiences she had ever had and the feeling of reverence for him was real and she would have done anything for him. Now she felt embarrassed as a stream of questions arose in her mind. 'How could I have felt like that? How could I have betrayed my masters like that?'

But just thinking of her betrayal and the way he controlled her gave her a sense of meaning that she never felt before. She didn't have any worry and there was no fear. There was only the pleasure of doing everything he wanted...

She shook her head to get herself out of it. She was given a second chance and she couldn't mess this up. Intent of getting herself to freedom she looked around and when she saw the invaders occupied she sprinted across the road to one of the buildings on the edge of the village. She darted behind the house and slowly walked around the corner to reach the gate. She could hear orders being shouted to the remaining villagers and carts coming into action. 

'Where would they be taking them?' She thought. 'How would Philos and his sisters end up? What happened to my masters?'

I'll get help, she promised herself. She took a quick look and when she saw nobody was looking her way she started her sprint out of the southern gate into the woods on the outlines of the village. Looking back at the village she could see a caravan moving out of the town with some villagers on the cart and some moving obediently behind them. 

'Were they still under control of these invaders now?' she thought to herself. She marked the attackers escorting the townspeople although they didn't seem hostile anymore. 

She turned to walk further into the forest. She had to get away as far as possible and Aelia knew a trade post would be a day's walk south from here. If she wanted to alert the army she would have to make haste. 

A few hours later she was finally far enough away she could feel safe. If they were following her, she would have probably already been captured. Her mind started to recall what actually happened there. 

'Who were these people? Why were they biting the villagers?' 

She would have to consult with scholars on what she saw. Maybe they would know whom it was that invaded her town. She counted herself lucky she had escaped that soldier she bumped into although strangely enough, just thinking of him made her feel warm. Now that the threat was gone, she couldn't stop thinking about his eyes. 

At first she tried to ignore the yearning. She just needed to get to the trade post, she thought to herself. But with every step she took the itch increased. She tried to concentrate on where she was headed, but there was no denying she sense of longing in her body. 

'Maybe I need some rest', she thought. 

Aelia sat down against one of the trees as she looked over the plain that started just a few hundred meters further. She sat there for five minutes trying to get some rest, closing her eyes and trying to get her mind empty. But the excitement just wouldn't leave her body. Aelia noticed her body now responding to the fever that was getting a hold of her. Her vulva was getting increasingly wet and her nipples hardened. Images of the orgy she had just witnessed flashed before her as her hands slowly found her way down. She remembered she was straddling herself when she looked upon her kinsmen being ravaged. 

Then she saw the image of Philos again as one of the female invaders rode him. Her curvy but powerfull hips and ass crashing down on his hard member, her eyes fixed on his eyes. Aelia zoomed in on the moment the woman hunched forward to kiss Philos on his neck and the young man started shivering. 

Aelia's breathing increased and she softly began to moan. Then the image of the soldier that enraptured her appeared in her mind. His blue eyes penetrated her soul and pierced through her entire body from the fingertips of her hands to her toes. Just moments after the image appeared she felt an excitement shooting through her like lighting, encompassing her body and ending in her nether. Aelia had the strongest orgasm she ever had. Her whole body shuddered from ecstasy as she held on to the tree with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other. 

It took her a while to recover and open her eyes. 'Wow, I needed that', she thought to herself. She sat there for a few minutes looking at the tree line contemplating what had happened. At a subconscious level she knew something was amiss. Something had changed inside of her. There was this nagging feeling that she wasn't aware of before. She had extinguished it just now, but Aelia knew it would return. She felt lost. 

She could see the plains behind the trees and a few miles further would be the first trade route. Aelia got up and walked to the end of the forest, but every step she took she felt a strange craving in her stomach. It was like when she experienced homesickness. 

There was no denying it. She had to see that man once again. And just as easy as that, she turned around and went back to the village.