 Eldon prepares to leave for the Pillar of Darkness's demesne, but before he can, an unexpected guest arrives. As Eldon's burdens continue to grow, which will break first? His will... or his heart? 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 19 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Megan 

Eldon grimaced as his sister stormed off. She was angry and he understood her feelings, but he also came to understand why it had to be both of them going to into the Pillar of Darkness's demesne. Lysa explained why they needed to meet with the Pillar of Darkness himself, even of Eldon wasn't sure his sister was paying attention during that part. 

He glanced at the wet spot on his shoulder where her tears still darkened his shirt. "I'll explain it to her, Dad," he told his father again. "Somehow I'll make her understand." 

"I hate to admit it, but I don't envy you having that task," Lyden Snow replied. "Despite all appearances, your mother can be quite stubborn at times, and Shelly definitely got that from her." 

Sheldon almost laughed, but he held it in. Lyden was calling their slave mother stubborn? Now wasn't the time for jokes. 

"I'll leave you to it," Lyden continued after a moment of uncomfortable silence. They shared one more hug before Lyden turned and left the octagonal room. 

Eldon looked at the door Shelly had walked through. With a heavy sigh, he closed the distance and lifted his hand to knock. 

"Well, aren't you the popular one?" Jen's voice asked before his hand struck the door. 

"What?" he asked and turned to the woman. To no great surprise, she had one hefty breast in her hand, her taut nipple between her fingers, as she licked her lips and smiled at him. 

"She's a hot one, too," Jen continued to fondle herself, "but I don't think she can hold a poker face to my two of a kind!" 

"What are you talking about?" Eldon asked, losing a bit of his patience with the woman. Well, a bit more, at any rate. During the orgy earlier, she'd been the main driving force, literally screwing him into exhaustion. His small nap wasn't enough to restore his energy levels, perhaps in part because she was a succubus now. He knew his body could handle it, and knew that she knew it also. "Wait, I thought Mandy and Shlee were with you?" 

"Oh, don't worry," Jen's grin became lazy. "I'm sure Blue is picking them out of her teeth as we speak." Jen met his eyes for a moment longer before bursting out in raucous laughter. "Oh, the look on your face! If it weren't so funny, I'd be insulted that you'd actually think I would do that. Shame on you, Sheldon Lance. I should spank you for even thinking I could do that... Mmm, yes. A nice, good spanking..." 

"Why are you here, Jen?" Eldon asked with a sigh and rubbed at his temples. "I'm not interested in any more fooling around." 

"Oh, I'm sure you're up for it, if you know what I mean," she cackled with a nod to his ever-present bulge. "I just thought I'd hurry and warn you that your next girlfriend is here." 

"My next...?" he trailed off as his mind spun. Gloria! It had to be her. She was here. "Where?" he asked, his heart in his throat. 

"Wow, now you're eager!" Jen shook her head with mock resignation. "She's in the waiting room two doors down with your other girlfriends. Angela was surprised she showed up here and had... Hey, are you listening to me?" 

Eldon was already out the door, ignoring the rest of whatever inane thing Jen was going joke about next. He looked both ways down the hallway. Two doors down... but left or right? Right... It had to be right. That one was far enough to be outside of Mandy's influence, and Jen had been lying with her inappropriate jokes. 

"About time you added a redhead to your repertoire," Jen's words barely reached him as he tried to catch his breath outside the door. "I mean, Shlee has the strawberry blonde hair, but it's not as nice as Brooke's tresses. Your dad has quite the group, so I'm glad you're expanding yours." 

Redhead? he wondered, but dismissed it. She must be in disguise for some reason. 

His nerves were a wreck, but he realized that they weren't going to get any better standing outside the door. He gripped the doorknob and nearly crushed it as he opened the door and stopped in his tracks. 

The woman sitting between Mandy and Shlee didn't look like Gloria, but she was a succubus. Succubae could take on any form they chose to. Though she'd never changed her face or hair before, even when becoming a mermaid to rescue Brooke, he thought it might be her. 

The woman looked at him with hope in her chocolate brown eyes. Was that hope that he would forgive her? He wasn't sure if it was, or even if he could forgive what she'd put him through. 

He had to swallow twice before he could get his throat moist enough to produce anything other than a croak. "Gl...Gloria?" 

The woman blinked in confusion for a moment and Eldon noticed his girlfriends cringe in unison. He understood their reaction. At least, he thought he did. They probably didn't appreciate him saying the name of the woman that had forced them all together. Well, forced Shlee and him, and made an opening for Mandy back into his broken heart. 

"Uh, no..." the woman said, her voice uncertain, though there was something underneath it that bespoke strength and confidence. "It's me, Megan." She met his eyes, but he could only stare at her. 

It wasn't Gloria. Of course it wasn't Gloria. She was never coming back. Why would he even consider that she would? She'd abandoned him. Left him never to return. 

"Eldon, this—" Mandy started, but the newcomer—Megan—cut her off with a hand gesture. There was something about this woman that was familiar, but he was having a difficult time caring enough to figure it out. There was something that kept drawing him to her lips... 

"You were outside the hospital," he said in a careful tone. "And you called me on my phone before we got here... What are you doing here?" The last part came out in a rush as he realized this was the crazy woman stalking him. 

"To see you..." she said as she rose to her feet. "To talk to you... I thought that kiss we shared was something terrific. And Bobby was so jealous afterwards that I broke up with him. I've been trying to find you ever since. I got your name from the club owner. He said you went there a lot. I knew you were one of those magical people, but I couldn't find out anything else on you. Then I saw the news report where you saved President Louise, not only once, but multiple times. My daddy raised me right and proper, to be a patriot. I had to find you." 

"You had to find me?" Eldon asked. His heart was in his stomach after finding out that it wasn't Gloria waiting for him. He struggled to get his mind to switch gears. Was she only looking for him because he had kissed her once? He couldn't even remember doing that... Unless... Her makeup was different, but the hair was the right length and color. "The club? That's right! I kissed you to hide from my... from Areth, using your boyfriend as a disguise. I'm sorry, but that kiss meant nothing to me." 

He saw her face drop in disappointment for a moment, then noticed resolve solidify in her dark eyes. "It must have meant enough that you finally remembered it, but that wasn't the only reason. You're a patriot. You fight for what's right. And good. And holy. Red, white, and blue flows through your veins. I want to fight at your side." 

"Red, white... and what?" This woman wasn't making any sense. 

"She thinks you're a true, red-blooded American," Shlee informed him. 

"Well, I was born in Chicago," Eldon admitted, "but my loyalties lie here in this world. I saved the President because she's a good woman, fighting for the rights of other Lydonese." 

"And you've been screwing her," Shlee piped up, then covered her mouth, her cheeks growing darker than her strawberry blonde hair. 

"You've been..." Megan trailed off in thought, then shook her head. "It doesn't matter. You're a good man. That's obvious. Let me fight as your ally." 

"Fight?" Eldon asked her. "Fight who? What? For that matter, why?" People said men had a one-track mind, but this chick was stuck in a rut. 

She didn't even hesitate before answering. "Injustice! The bad guys! Evil! I don't care what form it takes, I know you'll be fighting it, and I want to help. Why? Because I was raised right. I grew up in Texas, where we know right from wrong. My daddy taught me how to fight. He was the Sherriff, and taught me the importance of law- law that the Paladonic Knights have forgotten. I pay attention to the news, and I see the evil growing in the world. I had a brother who fought in the war, until he was killed by an IED blast. The only reason I didn't join is because of a felony when I was younger, but daddy made sure I learned my lesson." 

"Paladonic Knights?" Mandy asked, concern in her eyes. Those eyes grew large a second later as she yelled, "Eldon, get back! I think she's a plant from the Daughters of Respite!" 

"But she stated her reasoning for being here with you right next to her," Eldon argued, not moving. Even if Megan was a plant, she couldn't hurt him. At least not permanently. Mandy had to be jumping to conclusions. 

"Who are you working for?" Mandy pressed. "Who sent you?" 

Megan looked at her, confused, then glanced to Shlee on her other side. Shlee's muzzle had formed as she transformed halfway into a werewolf. She didn't appear as afraid as Eldon would have expected her to be. Then he noticed a pistol in her left hand, pointed at Shlee's heart. "You can't scare me," Megan said in an even tone as she turned back to meet Eldon's gaze. "I'm between jobs right now. It took me nearly two weeks to save up the money for a flight to Utah so that I could enter the portal into the Pillar of Light's domain, then travel up here where you said you would be. It was no cake walk, and I got attacked a couple times along the way. I don't scare easy, and as you can tell, I don't go down easy, either. Call off your girls, and let's talk like rational adults. The bullets are made of silver, by the way." 

Shlee growled in anger, but she didn't move, her eyes darting to the gun. Eldon gestured for her to back away a little bit, and with another angry growl, she did so, changing back into her fully human form. 

"So no one sent you?" Eldon asked, just to be sure. "You're not working for the Daughters or anyone else?" 

"I've been completely honest with you from the moment we first met," Megan informed him. There was a hint of anger in her tone, and more than a hint of challenge. "Which is more than can be said for you, shape-shifter. I understand why you would be cautious, but I promise I'm on your side." 

Eldon glanced at Mandy, but she shook her head. "The Daughters are almost entirely immune to magic. She could still be lying. I've never met one to test it from my presence." 

"Lie to me," Eldon told the dark-red-haired woman. Her anger turned to confusion. "Just do it. Tell me something that isn't true." 

She looked at him a moment longer, then with a grimace said, "My daddy taught me to be honest, so understand I'm just doing what you asked. I'm the oldest virgin in my city. I have tried to find a man who could handle me, but they all ended up being pussies. I can't be with a man I can't respect." Her eyes grew confused while she spoke. "That's odd. I meant to say something else. How are you doing that?" 

"You're a virgin?" Mandy asked before Eldon could. "But you're gorgeous, and have to be in your mid-twenties. I didn't think there were any virgins that old outside of monasteries." 

"It's a sore subject," Megan replied. "It's not that I couldn't get laid if I wanted to. Goodness knows all my past boyfriends wanted to get into my panties, but I couldn't bring myself to be attracted to someone I don't look up to. I thought Bobby was a tough enough guy, but the way he broke down crying after you kissed me... I can't accept a man who is jealous, and it's not like I really cheated on him. I thought I was kissing him... but damn, you can kiss! My toes curled up, and I've never been kissed like that before." 

"He is rather good at it," Shlee and Mandy both agreed, speaking at the same time. 

"Okay, fine..." Eldon muttered, wishing to change the subject. Thinking back to that night led to thoughts of Jessica pulling him out of that club, and thoughts of her lead to Gloria, and he didn't want to think of either one right then. "I don't know who or what you might have fought to get here, but things are going to get a lot more dangerous." 

"But you're taking them?" Megan gestured to the two other women and arched one eyebrow. Eldon nodded. "So you're not rejecting me because I'm a female?" He shook his head. "Then you don't think I can handle myself in any kind of situation?" 

Eldon met her eyes for a long moment before replying, "It's because you're human. I have a lot of respect for humans, my mother is one, but it's not enough for where we're going. Shlee has certain skills, and Mandy might not look it, but she's pretty strong, and knows how to fight." Even though Megan had just seen Shlee slightly transform, he wasn't comfortable revealing that she was a werewolf. 

"I know how to fight," Megan said in a tone that should have been a warning to him, but he was tired, and he didn't want to have this woman's blood on his hands. 

"I appreciate what it took to get here, and I appreciate your interest, but I don't think—" 

"You don't think I can do it," Megan interrupted him. "What will it take to show you I can handle my own?" 

"You can fight and shoot, I'm sure, but we'll be going into the Pillar of Darkness's demesne, dealing with vampires, and who knows what else. If you want, you can stay here, and we can talk some more when we get back. Angela can be an excellent host, and—" 

He didn't get to finish before Megan closed the distance between herself and Shlee, grabbing her by the shirt and almost effortlessly threw her at Mandy. Eldon had a split second to deflect her fist as she launched at him next. He didn't want to hurt her, though she didn't seem to have the same compunctions, so he shifted forms into the martial artist. He lost a bit of stature, but then more than made up for it in reflexes. Megan was fast, faster than any human he'd ever seen, so he figured this was his best option to take her down gently. 

Her foot connected with his ribs with an impact that was anything but gentle. He grunted as the air was knocked out of his lungs, but gripped her leg and tried to throw her to the floor. She performed some sort of somersault kick that he'd never seen before, and her other foot connected with his jaw. 

Stars exploded in his eyes and his head rung. He felt the floor on his cheek while moving away from where he thought she might be before she could attack him again. Rolling back to his feet, he felt a bit dizzy, but managed to lock eyes on his antagonist again. She was still standing where she'd been when she kicked him. She could have attacked him while he was down. 

Shlee and Mandy had disentangled themselves from each other, but instead of coming to his rescue, they stood back and watched. In fact, Shlee was grinning at them, her sharpened canines showing. 

Realizing he was vulnerable, Eldon turned back to Megan, but saw she wasn't even breathing hard. She should have attacked him while he was distracted... Why hadn't she? Then it sunk into his thick skull that she was giving her resume. Showing that she knew how to defend herself. 

With a growl, he launched himself at her, coming in with a straight punch. She knocked it aside as though batting away a fly, before coming at him with her own fist, loose and ready to cause pain. He deflected it, and for a few seconds they traded attacks, neither one landing anything solid, but he knew he was outmatched. She moved with a minimum of effort, and while his blows missed her by a hair, they still missed. It took his full concentration to move her fists aside before they could connect, and as they moved, he knew he would lose unless he got lucky. 

He didn't. He missed a jab at his chest, and her open palm slammed into him just over his heart. Pain wracked his chest for a few seconds until his body recovered. She didn't press her advantage, and he took a moment to reevaluate her. 

She still wasn't breathing heavy, but there was a smile tugging at the corners of her lips, and a glint in her eyes. Her martial arts skills were top notch, almost inhumanly so, but it wasn't enough to convince him to take her with them. 

"I'm sorry," he told Megan, hoping he could keep control. "Forgive me for this." The almost-grin on her face turned to a scowl, and then to that of shock as he grew in size. The room had vaulted ceilings, which would be large enough to hold him and his muscled form. His intelligence dropped as he grew into an ogre, but he managed to hold onto the thought that she wasn't to be hurt. 

He didn't think it would hurt her too much if he just gnawed on her supple leg a bit. Legs could be so yummy. It looked so tasty! "Yum, yum!" He stated with a grin and reached for her. 

"Eldon, you idiot!" a scrumptious looking morsel with hair that was touched with a hint of red screamed at him. For some reason, she smelled a little like a dog. 

The first morsel was fast, dodging his meaty fist. He tried again with his other hand, careful not to swing too fast in case he hurt her. He couldn't remember why that was important, only knowing that he shouldn't harm her. 

But a little lick would be fine? Right? She did look pretty tasty, after all. And there was enough muscle to offer him a decent meal. Surely she could give him some of that meat. She didn't really need it all... 

"No harm pretty one," he uttered as the thought forced its way into his skull. 

She dodged to the side as he reached for her again. She grabbed something from the wall with a tearing sound and bounded back at his hand. Somehow she managed to grab one of his fingers, and twist. Before he could understand what was happening, he found his face lying in the remains of the couch, his heavily muscled arm twisted behind his back, shouting, "Owie, owie!" over and over again. 

"Change back," she growled at him, fury laced in her voice. 

He did as she asked, and shuddered as his mind returned to normal. He'd known it would be dangerous to take that form, but she'd proved she was more than capable of handling herself. 

"Fine, let me up," he muttered. 

"Are we done?" she asked, still with a grip on his arm and twisting it for emphasis. 

"You attacked me first," he spat. A piece of wood from the couch was impaled in his cheek, poking his tongue, and hurting abominably, but he couldn't get to it with the position she had him in. 

She released his arm and backed away as he got to his feet. She grimaced as he reached up to pull the three-inch splinter from his cheek and wipe away the blood. The pain was excruciating but short-lived, as his cheek healed. 

"Maybe you're not the man I thought you were," Megan said in a flat tone. "Some advice for the future? Next time someone offers you help and is upfront with you the way I was, take it. I appreciated the way you didn't look down on me because I am a woman, but having to one-up me at the end was pitiful." 

She didn't waste another second before walking from the room. He felt low, and dirty, and utterly defeated, but he couldn't bring himself to apologize. It was for her own good. He wasn't certain he was going to be able to protect his sister and girlfriends, and adding one more person to the party was too much. 

Shlee was at his side, licking the rest of his cheek clean and pulling more splinters from his clothing and body. Hopefully Angela wouldn't be pissed about the couch. Or the rest of the room, for that matter. It was wrecked. The only things that seemed to make it out okay were the doors. He hadn't even noticed smashing the small coffee table, or pulling the curtains from the walls. When had all that happened? 
