 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Chapter 06
Fun with Dragons.

TanaVesta's golden eyes look down at me. Her large round human breasts bounce upon her chest, as she swivels her hips, making my stiffened prick stir around her insides. 

My cock is rock hard inside her, as she rapes me once again. I've long ago lost count of how many times I've shot my cum inside her, but she never seems to get enough. The manacles on my wrists and ankles stops me from being able to fight back or defend myself. Is it possible to be worn-out and suffused with energy at the same time?

Despite this being against my will, her pussy wrapped around my rod feels truly fantastic. There is a burning deep inside her that sets my loins and lusts on fire. My mind becomes muddled, trying to figure out if I want to get out of here or throw her down and have my way with her hot body.

Strength saturates me, as her cunt clamps down on me, and her juices flow down and off my scrotum. Her velvety folds ripple around my stiff member, and I moan loudly as I fire yet one more load into her, thus ending this round as she in turn receives vigor from me. At least this time it had been nonviolent.

"So, how are you liking the end of your second day?" TanaVesta asks me after pulling away from my wet shrinking cock. I can see my seed dripping down her leg as she walks away from the bed I'm chained to.

I shrug, trying to act nonchalant. "Eh, I've had better," I tell her, attempting to goad her into at least killing me. I can't say it's been torture, tied up in this antechamber. Every few hours she comes in here, practically raping me, while I'm strapped helplessly to her bed by chains and manacles. Because every session leaves us both filled with energy, neither of us requires sleep, making time go by painfully slow. I'd still rather be dead though, than helping this megalomaniac gain more power.

She's enjoyed terrifying me every chance she gets as well. One time while she was on me, she'd changed into a small dragon and bit off my ear. The experience made her orgasm, and suddenly my ear was back and whole again. I still shudder from that one.

She lets out a throaty laugh, changing back into a ginormous red dragon. Her scales shimmer in the sunlight pouring in from the side of the mountain peak that she makes her home in. "Ah, my pet, you are an interesting one. I don't do this for your pleasure, of course. If I could get filled up on life essence without you having any pleasure at all, I would. Unfortunately, if you don't reach your culmination, then I don't get my own powers magnified." The way she says that sends shivers down my spine, which only makes her grin more. Let me tell you, if a dragon of her size smiles at you and you aren't immediately terrified, then you're already dead.

Seeing that I'm not going to succeed in having her kill me, I change topics. "What have you done with Angela?" This isn't the first time I've asked this question, and I don't expect any more of a response than I've gotten every other time.

"Get some rest, my pet. I have a long meeting with two other Pillars. I likely won't be back for a few hours, so expect a double session when I return." She approaches me, leaning over the bed, and her large, split dragon's tongue slips out, giving my whole body a good lick. "Mmm, I can't wait to finally eat you one day, when I am the only Pillar left. It's been centuries since I have dined on a Generator. Your kind always tastes divine."

Before I have a chance to say anything or do more than shudder, she turns her bulk around, and a large boulder rolls into place, covering the alcove where she keeps me chained up.

Or almost covers. When it's still about a foot from being fully closed, something outside changes. Lights of myriad colors reflect off the smooth rock wall, creating intricate patterns and mosaics. Something tickles my mind, but I can't quite seem to understand it.

"Yes, master," I hear TanaVesta say, as if in response to someone, but I can't hear whom she's talking with. "It will be as you command. I have already set your plans in motion."

The colored lights flicker again, and again I almost feel something within my mind. It's almost as if I know there is something there talking, but no matter how hard I listen or look, I can't quite catch it.

"He is nothing, master; a pet to entertain myself with. He knows nothing of your plans." The sound of obeisance in her voice sounds odd and very unfamiliar to me. Who is she talking to? Who could create such a cowed response from the Pillar of Fire?

The colors swirl one last time and then vanish. 

"If my plans work out," I hear the dragon mumble, "I'll be able to destroy you when I'm done with the other pillars." The sounds of her leaving the large chamber echo around the room, and I sigh in relief to know I have a few hours until she'll be back.

Closing my eyes, I dream of happier days, of anything to take my mind off my current predicament. I remember dominating my boss, how she'd looked while getting off on her own fingers and wish I could have another chance to get into her pants. About meeting Angela, who is most likely dead already, and the fun we'd had together. I think back to growing up, and having the curly redheaded Brooke as my best friend. I even imagine her voice telling me to wake up, her hands on my chest, gently shaking me at first, and then getting rougher.

My eyes snap open as I realize that I'm not really dreaming, and I see Brooke standing over me. Fear and worry are thick in her sea-green eyes.

"Thank goodness you're alive," she sobs, and drops her head to my chest, hugging me tight.

"Huh?" I say as eloquently as I can manage, before my brain starts kicking into gear. "I'd hug you back, but I'm a little tied up at the moment."

She pulls away, wiping away a fresh set of tears, before looking at me confused. "Why don't you just break them?"

Flabbergasted, I stare back at her. Doesn't she think I've tried? I made my wrists bloody trying to break free of these chains. Luckily the sex with TanaVesta had healed me immediately. She seemed to take great pleasure in licking the blood off before ravishing me, which is the only reason I quit the futile attempts.

"I can't, they're too strong," I tell her, trying to pull my arm down to show her, and then staring in shock as the chain snaps. The manacle is still around my wrist, but the chain cuts short after about two feet. I repeat the gesture with my left hand, with the same results. Brooke pulls back as I yank my legs up, breaking those chains simultaneously.

I laugh. I just sit there and stare at my hands and feet, laughing. How long have I been able to do that? Is it because of all the vigor I've absorbed from the Pillar of Fire? If so, what else can I do now?

Brooke is looking at me worriedly again, and I realize my laughter has turned to manic giggling. It takes me a second to get myself back under control, and I stand up, stretching my muscles. I'm tempted to go after TanaVesta and kill her for what she's done to me; I'm so drunk on my own strength, I almost think I can do it.

"Hurry, Angela is keeping a watch out there. We need to go, before anyone comes here." Angela's name seems to set my mind back on reality. It's one thing to try and take on the red beast by myself, but I'd be putting two other lives in danger. I couldn't live with myself if I got them killed.

"She's alive?" I ask, looking for something to cover myself with. I want to run out and see her, but then I see the look in Brooke's eyes.

"Gee, Brooke, thanks for risking your life and coming to get me," she says wistfully under her breath, but I'm easily able to pick out the soft sounds of her voice. "I'm so grateful, that I'm more worried about a demonic succubus."

Shame fills my heart at her words. She'd come in here to rescue me, and one of my first concerns had been Angela. I look closer at my friend and see that her long curly hair has been pulled into a fraying braid, and she looks exhausted. She's still in her blue shimmering mail, but the bags under her eyes and the slump in her shoulders tells its own story.

"I'm sorry, Brooke. I thought she'd been killed." Something occurs to me, and I look sharply at my childhood friend. "I thought you said you couldn't enter TanaVesta's territory." Is she the real Brooke? "When I was in high school, and trying out for the swimming team, what advice did you give me?" I need to make sure this is her and not some dragon's trick.

She stares uncomprehending at me for a moment, and I feel fear start to replace my shame, until finally she answers.

"You're terrified of any water deeper than your knees. You tried out for the track team, and I told you to keep your eyes forward, and ignore the other runners around you." Her tone is level, and I can tell that she now understands why I had to ask.

Without hesitation, I wrap my arms around her, hugging her tight to me, until she squeaks, and I realize I'm squeezing too hard. I really don't know my true strength, anymore. I'm so excited, I even give her a quick peck on the lips, before realizing what I'm doing and pulling back, my face turning beet red.

Her fingers lightly touch her lips in wonder, before she shakes herself, saying, "We need to get moving. I don't know how much time we have 'til she returns, but we need to be as far away as possible when she does."

Angela, still in her Amazon form, gives me a quick hug and a chaste peck on the cheek as we both squeeze past the boulder. I've given up on finding anything to wear and run naked next to the two women, through a maze of empty winding tunnels.

Something doesn't feel right about the path Angela is leading us down, and after taking a fourth torch lit hallway that is definitely leading down deeper into the mountain, I stop us. It's also getting hotter the further we go.

"Don't we need to be going out? We're going down. I thought the entrance was at the top, or the side of TanaVesta's chamber," I ask the succubus, fear filling me once more. I don't remember ever being this paranoid before, but after what I've experienced, I don't think I can be too careful either.

"If we were going back to the oak to get out, then yes," she tells me impatiently. "We'd never make it that far. There is another portal deeper down inside the mountain to get back to your realm. It'll be quicker to get to it, than all the way back to the oak."

She makes sense, and we start running again. My only concern is: why didn't we use the one here in the first place? We could have completely avoided those trolls. 

It only takes another five minutes or so, before our way is blocked by a flow of magma. The air above the flow shimmers from the heat of the molten rock, and I have to shield my eyes from its brightness after the dimmer tunnels.

"Great," I mumble before turning to face the succubus. "Is there another way around?"

"No, that's the portal right there," she tells us, pointing above the lava.

"You want us to jump into the lava? Are you nuts?" I demand, but I can actually feel it there, now that I concentrate on it. Something. . . It almost feels as though I can feel time slipping away through the heated haze.

"Not in. OVER," she informs me. I turn back to the burning river and shake my head. I might be able to make it over with my new strength, but there's no way either of the two women can.

I wish time didn't feel like it was slipping away. I need to think. Blocking the feeling of flowing time, I concentrate on the magma river.

"Oh, for the love of—" Brooke says as she takes a running leap, and vanishes when she's over the liquid rock.

Will I ever get used to magic?

I watch as Angela takes a few steps back, then dashes forward, elegantly jumping in the air, and doing a full flip, before vanishing.

"Show off"! I yell, certain she can't hear me. Crouching where I am, I shove hard off the ground, hearing the rock crack under the force of my push, and the world blurs around me before going black.

I realize my mistake too late, as soft looking tan ground hurtles past me. I shoved so hard that I almost feel as though I'm flying, but I know gravity will take over soon enough, and painfully show me who the boss is.

As soon as I stop ascending, and can feel myself getting pulled back downwards, I try frantically flapping my arms, as if I'm some cartoon character, and that'll save me. The chains still attached to my wrists jingle as I stressfully struggle to stay aloft. Somehow, after the direction my life has been going, I think it just might work. My shoulders flair with agony, and it feels like two sharp daggers are protruding from my shoulder blades. Something outside my vision grabs hold of whatever is back there, and I realize that one of the two women must be using their magic to save me. As thankful as I am, I wish it didn't hurt so much.

No longer worried about falling, I quit uselessly flapping my arms, and begin to plummet again. Once more I move my arms, but notice something at the same time. I can actually feel whatever is sticking out of my back, as if it's a part of me. 

"Nice wings," Angela's voice breaks my thoughts, and I see her flapping her own way over to me. From her back are two large gray bat-like wings. "I was afraid I wouldn't catch you before you hit the ground. When did you learn you could do that, and whatever possessed you to jump through the portal that hard?"

"About three seconds ago, I didn't want to get burned, and I wanted to outdo a show-off succubus," I tell her, feeling embarrassed. It had been a foolish thing to do. Neither one of them had pushed that hard from the ground, but the sheer joy of my extra strength and power is somewhat intoxicating, and I'm still not used to it. As degrading as it had been to be raped time and again by the red dragon, I'm not about to complain about my new strength, and I shiver in delight at what I want to do to the Pillar of Fire if I ever get my hands on her again.

I attempt to flap my way over to the succubus, and somehow end up upside-down, and headed quickly for the ground again.

Angela grabs me by my ankles, and with the size of her Amazonian arms, she is easily able to help me to the ground. "Easy now. Flying isn't as easy as it looks," she tells me as I regain my feet. She gives a slightly annoyed sigh, before adding, "I guess we're walking back to the assassin. Come on, she's this way."

It takes me a second to figure out how to wrap my wings about me, and for the first time, I notice the uncomfortably cool air after the heat of the tunnel, the stars in the night sky, and the endless dunes of sand around us.

"Um, Angela, where are we?" This doesn't look like anywhere in the developed world. Did we go to some parallel universe?

"The Sahara Desert somewhere southwest of Minya, Egypt." She continues trudging through the sand, without looking back.

Well, that would explain why we didn't use this portal to go see TanaVesta in the first place. I shudder at the thought of her name, glad to be away from the power-hungry red dragon, while at the same time, looking forward to destroying her. As powerful as she is, she's made an enemy in me.

We meet Brooke walking towards us, and she stops in shock at the sight of my wings. I see anger enter her beautiful green eyes, as she glares at Angela. "I see she's truly turning you into an incubus after all," she states, derision dripping from her tone.

"I don't think that's what's happened to him," Angela says carefully. I look to the tall woman, wondering why she isn't getting angry with my friend. What happened between these two back in that mountain peak? "Look closer at his wings. Those aren't the wings of an incubus. They look more akin to those of a dragon."

I don't remember sitting down, but there is no mistaking the feeling of sand in my naked butt crack.

Dragon wings? How? TanaVesta didn't have wings.

"Your master didn't have wings, succubus," Brooke echoes my thoughts.

"TanaVesta is no longer my master. I denounce her." The look in her eyes doesn't allow for any argument. I wonder how she must feel right now, with her entire world having been flipped. She'd called the dragon a friend, but the Pillar of Fire had arrested the succubus on false charges. "She can take the form of whatever type of dragon she pleases. The Oriental dragon is her favorite, I think because of all the chaos she caused in ancient China, before separating our worlds." Angela looks to Brooke, and I can tell that she wants the assassin to understand. "Look closer at my wings. I only have three fingers in mine. His have five, and are the same color as his brown hair."

Spreading my wings to get a better look at them, I end up tipping over and lying in the sand again. They're too big for me, I realize. While on my back, I examine my new appendages, and see that Angela is correct. The skin between the fingers is thick and leathery. Each bony finger ends in a curved and wickedly sharp talon.

If I didn't know what was happening to me before, I know even less now. I'm not becoming an incubus, but I have some of their abilities. I'm also apparently gaining the traits of dragons now. Do I absorb a person's abilities when I have sex with them? What then does that mean with Becky and Lisa? Will I start becoming a female? I sincerely hope not! Not that I have anything against women, but I like the way I am right now. Of course, that could lead to some interesting lesbian adventures. . . . Shaking my head, I try to come back to the present.

Brooke and Angela have been talking while I was absorbed in my own thoughts, but when I hear Brooke ask, "What's happening to him, then?" I perk back up.

"I'm not sure. TanaVesta said something about him being a Generator, which makes sense on one level, but doesn't explain his transformations." I can tell from her tone that Angela is just as worried about me as Brooke is.

"A Generator?" Brooke asks skeptically. "That's impossible. They were killed off after the four pillars made our realm, and neither of his parents were a generator."

"Wait," I interrupt, "you knew my parents?"

She flinches at my question, and I realize that she let slip something she hadn't intended to. "That's not important right now," the redhead tries to cover her mistake. "We need to find a way out of here as soon as possible. There isn't enough water in the air here, and I spent too long in the fire's demesne. I'll die if I don't get out of here soon."

Part of me wonders if this is just a ploy to change the subject, but I remember that she owes her allegiance to the Pillar of Water, and how tired she looks. It finally dawns on me to wonder if she's even human.

Sighing, I give Brooke a look to let her know I haven't forgotten my question, before turning to Angela to ask, "How long will it take to get to a city?"

"Walking from here? A couple days, which will be too long for her." She looks worriedly at my childhood friend, and again I have to wonder what transpired between the two while I was chained up. "I'm not strong enough to carry either of you while flying, but Lyden, if you can figure out how to fly, your wings are big enough. We could hit the Mediterranean before sunrise. Things will become much worse for her when the sun appears." I don't even want to think what the Saharan sun will be like.

I carefully stand up, being mindful of the weight of my wings, and stare dubiously at the tall Amazon. "How long did it take you to learn after becoming a succubus?" I ask her.

Her face drops in consternation, and I know I won't like her answer. "A little over a week." Yep, I really didn't like that answer. "But maybe with your larger wings, it won't take that long!" I can hear the hope in her voice, and I'm willing to try, if for no other reason than that I have to try something.
