 This story is a science fiction/fantasy sex farce. The first chapter is full of new age techno-babble, but after that, it gets frisky.

*****

Chapter 1: Chelsea

Just as Chelsea returned to The Agency compound from errands and lunch, the alarms from the new improved sensors went off. They were still in the lab being calibrated. The Agency was deploying them to all locations starting with those in Texas.

"Everybody freeze!" came over the public address system. Pretty soon the techs in lab coats with portable sniffers (ectoplasmic energy sniffers) came around. They lit up when they approached Chelsea. One of them said to Chelsea, "You've been close to a high capacity cookie jar. The signature remnant is off the scale. It may even be X1. We need to go to the screened room."

X1 was the long-sought unknown, uncontrolled wild male ecto-berserker. The new sensors were explicitly designed to detect him, but they could also detect similar signatures.

"How will that help?" she asked as they were walking to the screened room.

"I need to back off from you so that the signal doesn't overload the sniffer. But if I do that here, there are too many signals from everybody else. Inside the screened room it will just be you and the remnant. We can subtract you out."

When they arrived, the tech said, "Go in there. We will have to close the door, but it doesn't lock, and it can be opened from the inside. We are going to flash colored lights and project images on the wall and ask you to walk and run and jump around. Your signal will change but the remnant won't. It will take about fifteen minutes."

It took only five minutes to read the signal because it was so strong. The tech opened the door and said, "We got it. That's the strongest signature ever seen. Let's get you to interrogation immediately." In this case, interrogation just meant that they were going to help her recall every possible place she went and every possible person she touched so they can launch an effective team of sniffers.

This takes some explaining. There is extra-terrestrial evil or ETE in the dark matter that fills the galaxy. The sun keeps most of the ETE away, but some ETE always get through. The Agency is the organized force that fights ETE, but there are numerous unorganized independent fighters, referred to by The Agency as "the crowd." The Agency is aware of the crowd, but the crowd isn't aware of The Agency, and the members of the crowd aren't even aware that they are fighting evil.

Evil is fought with positive ectoplasmic energy which is often shortened to ectoenergy or just energy. Ectoplasmic energy is not the same as physical energy, although the source of ectoplasmic energy is the sun. 

Different humans have different abilities concerning ectoenergy. Some people can collect it from the sun. Some can store it. And some can use it to fight evil by shooting it at the evil as it falls toward Earth. These types are known as collectors, cookie jars and shooters respectively. Some people have combined abilities.

At all times, there is a transactional flow of energy from mainly from collectors to cookie jars and then from cookie jars to shooters. However, cookie jar to cookie jar transfers also occur.

People worldwide participate in these transactions without being aware of the fact that they are helping protect the earth from evil. Energy transfer itself occurs during positive social transactions. When you greet someone, or smile at someone, or make a gap in traffic so that someone can change lanes, then you have the potential to transfer ecto-energy. 

It does not always happen. Roughly one in twenty to one in fifty social transactions result in energy transfer. But when it happens, it feels good. If an occasional act of kindness or even a conversation leaves you with an exceptionally good feeling, then you fought evil and did something good. More energy transferred causes a better feeling.

Negative transactions have the effect of blocking people's ability to transfer energy. Cruel people and people who experience a life of cruelty are substantially impaired in their ability to transfer energy. Acts of harm, injury, abuse, intimidation, intolerance and even marginalization reduce the participants' abilities to experience good interactions. 

The more impaired they are, the less they can experience positive transactions. The more miserable of them are more likely to perpetrate acts of unkindness. Of course, these are the very acts that evil promotes.

But even among kind people, most transactions produce a neutral feeling. Positive transactions between collectors are not possible. Neither are they possible between shooters. 

When collectors transfer energy, they must move all they have or none at all. This is not a problem for most collectors because they don't usually have much energy. Energy transfer from a collector is only possible to a cookie jar or shooter that can receive all the collector's energy. Higher capacity collectors are frequently frustrated by their inability to connect. They are often seen as loners or introverts but are also often perceived as brilliant thinkers and artists. 

Shooters, on the other hand, can connect with almost anybody except another shooter. These people are often recognized as charming, natural leaders, and they excel at salesmanship. 

When cookie jars join, their energies relative to their capacities tend to equalize. The constant interaction of cookie jars tends to equalize all cookie jars in a community such that all are at the same percentage of capacity. Thus, they may experience many small pleasures. Cookie jars are often known to be excellent networkers. 

Because cookie jars can give and receive large and small amounts of energy, they can interact with almost everybody. For most people and most transactions, the energy transfer is small, even for the best transactions, but with billions of people and tens of billions of social transactions per day, there is a lot of ecto-energy in play all the time.

Shooters are charmers; cookie jars are networkers and collectors are brilliant loners. The problem for humanity is that 0.01% of the population accounts for 90% of the world's ecto-energy collecting capacity. This is where The Agency makes a difference. It finds high capacity people of all types and brings them together and provides a proactive environment to fight evil.

The sun itself destroys evil. This mostly keeps evil pushed back beyond the Kuiper belt. Evil, though, will organize itself into blobs or nodules and set a trajectory toward Earth. The sun boils the outer layer away, but some of it gets through. Evil nodules are always falling toward Earth, and there are always people collecting, storing, transferring and shooting ectoenergy more or less randomly. Most of the time, the random activity of the crowd is sufficient to stop most of the incoming evil. 

However, there are occasionally concentrated attacks of evil. When this happens, the members of The Agency can marshal their energies and direct them optimally to fight the incoming attack. Sometimes the assistance from the crowd helps decisively, but usually, their contribution is negligible, even though energy from the crowd exceeds the combined energy of The Agency.

Extra-terrestrial evil often gathers in the shadow of the moon and waits for either a lunar or solar eclipse so that it can traverse to Earth without being exposed to sunlight. Of course, The Agency knows to be hyper-alert during eclipses. There are lesser attacks during every full moon because the Earth's shadow is closer than at any other time of the lunar month. This accounts for anecdotal reports that mischief and mayhem increase during a full moon.

Among the population, some individuals have more than one ability. A cookie jar that is also a shooter is referred to as a sprayer by The Agency. A cookie jar that is also a collector is a goldmine. A goldmine that is also a shooter is a tripod. 

The Agency has all the cookie jars and shooters that it needs. What the agency needs most are collectors, gold mines, and tripods. From X1's history, it is apparent that he must have an enormous collecting capability, and this is the reason that the agency seeks him. X1 is the most potent known tripod on the planet. They would like to find him.

During an attack, The Agency waits until the non-Agency sprayers and tripods shoot their energy before committing The Agency's shooters. The Agency also tries to find these independent fighters and bring them into The Agency. 

The Agency has developed sensors to find these people, but the sensors have a short range. The agents often carry portable ecto-sensors wherever there are crowds. They rarely find any particular person, but they do find goldmines, sprayers and occasionally tripods that are then recruited into The Agency. The perks usually bring them in, but also, they are paid a generous salary. It's like Men in Black, but it is real and not funny.

Often, the battles are fought so quickly that a shooter has time for interaction with only one cookie jar. When the time for action draws near, the shooters are paired with cookie jars. Sprayers are charged up before the battle. They are the first responders because once they are charged up, they can be triggered to shoot very quickly.

With this spectrum of people having varying degrees of ability, the leadership has worked out rules about who should be transferring energy to whom and when. Before computers, they worked out some rules of thumb to attempt to optimize the management of energy, but now they use computer-aided optimization which produces rules on a finer scale that change dynamically. 

When you are ready for your next transaction, you consult the computer. The computer will determine three groups for you. The first group is the optimal group. The Agency would prefer that your next transactional partner is a member of the first group. The second group is the okay group. This is less than optimal but still contributes to the overall available energy. 

The third group is the hazardous group. For example, if a cookie jar already had the maximum safe amount of energy, then it would be dangerous to receive more energy from a collector. It would be far better to transact with another cookie jar who is at a lower level of charge. The computer will also provide a list of local agents that are in each group.

The better the energy transfer, the better the good feeling that comes with it. The transfer is usually better when the partners like each other than if they do not like each other (it is rare for two agents of The Agency to dislike each other). "Does not like" usually means "has indifferent feelings" so there is room for individual choice. 

Any person can approach any person in the optimal or okay groups and ask them if they want to transact an energy transfer. It's a lot like a social dance. You tend to ask people to dance that you know will say yes, but sometimes you take a chance on asking someone that is new or that you have not danced with recently. It usually turns out well.

But, getting back to the search for X1, the problem with X1 is that he simply disappeared. He didn't show up for the fight. The Agency effectively had 10% less fighting capacity. Either he died, was holed up or so depressed that he wasn't even trying. Since he did occasionally appear, The Agency assumed it was the latter. 

Records of divorce filings were examined for likely candidates. Of course, the filing may come months after the partners separate and the depression can occur before or after. The Agency needed to find X1 and get him back to collecting and transferring energy. 

It was a critical time for humanity. When defended from ETE, humanity evolves into a culture more immune to ETE, but with all the weapons of mass destruction available, it did not take as much ETE to cause significant damage. It is possible for humanity to obliterate itself. 

Furthermore, if they did recruit him, then they could probably get more energy out of him by arraigning more frequent transactions.

Each shooter has a signature. The Agency has the signature of X1. They know that he is male, but they do not where he is or who he is. In the hope of finding him, they keep any detector that is not in use tuned to X1's signature. There are also very inaccurate but longer ranged sensors. The Agency is pretty sure that X1 is somewhere in Texas. 

Because of this, The Agency has many locations in Texas. X1's signature is so powerful that it sticks to him for several days and any contact with him will leave a residue that can be detected. For that, reason there are eco-detectors at every entrance of a The Agency installation, and there is always one or more teams team roving around hoping to come into contact with X1 or somebody that has been in contact with him.

They also surmised that X1 was a sprayer or tripod of enormous capacity. If not, his energy would have to come from a huge volume of space in such a short time that would have been noticed. Since X1 has been absent, his signature has faded to the point of being undetectable. The agents have set their sensors to look for cookie jars of enormous energy.

When Chelsea got to interrogation, they said, "Chelsea, tell us where you have been and with whom you may have had contact. You may have had contact with X1."

"Well, I went to the mall, but I had lunch with Scott, and I hugged him. He is in the middle of a difficult divorce and pretty depressed."

The leadership committee met and determined that a team would go everywhere Chelsea had gone, and Chelsea would try to get Scott to visit her at her work. They figured that there was about a 50% possibility that the signature was from Scott. They reasoned that getting a divorce might be the reason that he became inactive. 

Also, the fact that there was a hug, and not merely casual contact significantly increased the odds that the remnant of his signature would stick to Chelsea. They decided to dispatch a team after dark with a sniffer drone that would fly over Scott's house. The sniffer drone picked up a strong signal that peaked over Scott's house. 

Chapter 2: Recruitment

Chelsea phoned, "Scott, this is Chelsea."

"Hi, what's up? Did I forget something at lunch?"

"We have a job opening here where I work that I think you might fit."

"What is it?"

"I'm not allowed to tell you, but if you come in for the interview, they will pay you twice your nominal hourly rate for eight hours and if you are even halfway qualified, I will get a bonus for bringing you in for an interview. Besides, it will be fun for me."

"You can't tell me anything about it?"

"I can't. I know that sounds crazy. But I assure you that it will be fun, and you will get paid."

"Well, you know I love you, so I'll do almost anything you ask me to do, but I probably wouldn't do it for anybody else. Can you tell me what skills I have that would make me interesting?"

"I'm sorry. I can't tell you anything. The way they conduct interviews here requires that you come in without a clue."

"OK."

"Can you come tomorrow morning?"

"Yes, I can get away for a day. What time?"

"How about 10 AM?"

"I'll be there, but where is there?"

The Agency was listening in on the conversation. Chelsea had a headphone in one ear and the telephone to the other ear. "Tell him that we will send a car and driver to pick him up."

"I cannot tell you where. We will send a driver and a car."

"Are they going to blindfold me?"

"Tell him no and tell him it's casual day."

"No blindfold and it will be a casual day. We want you to dress casually."

"Okay and thanks for thinking of me."

After the call was disconnected, Chelsea asked, "So, how will you get him here without a blindfold?"

"The limo will have very dark glass. It will only be possible to see straight ahead, but we will seat him facing backward. We will position an uninteresting guy beside him, and we will be sure that someone fascinating will be sitting across from him to keep him much more interested in facing them instead of looking over his shoulder. That can be you or else we will send Ginny and Marilyn."

"Who is that?"

"Ginny and Marilyn are not anyone in particular. It just means two attractive but different looking women. One of them, at least, will keep his interest."

"Do you want to be in the limo?"

"No, send Ginny and Marilyn. I'll greet him when he arrives."

"We will tell him that everybody is there for an interview so he won't pump them for info. They will all have an innocuous cover story. As soon as he gets in the car, we will have a good indication if he is useful and we will have an idea as to how strong. Somebody will have to have a transaction with him to figure out what he can do and if he is X1."

"I volunteer. I'm a director/cookie jar. In fact, I have more storage capacity than anybody in the local group."

"We will give you first consideration, but in the end, it's what's good for The Agency. It may be dangerous."

She replied, "I'm not worried that he would hurt me. I've known him for years longer than I have known about The Agency. The only thing odd is that he is so smart that your usual tricks and traps and profiles aren't calibrated for that level of I.Q. You may get anomalous results."

"It is true that most agents of The Agency are smarter than average, but not a lot smarter. High ecto-ability and extremely high intelligence appear to be inversely related. If it's him, he will probably be the boss someday. Rome will be making the decision. They may fly someone in for that, someone for whom it would be safer. But, just in case, you should see to that you are fully discharged by tomorrow morning."

"I know some people who are going to be smiling."

"We will start the 'interview' at the south side overt location. Go there tomorrow morning. We want to keep the sexual tension high while he is with us. Wear a miniskirt, or shorter if you want."

The Agency kept overt locations where it could conduct interviews and transact business. It is always staffed, usually by a skeleton crew. The real compound was an unremarkable gated community. The Agency also owned all the adjacent land. It built houses on the property that were inhabited by the agents. There was no visible boundary between the compound and the adjacent structures. The gate was at the end of a long curving drive. It usually stayed open and out of sight. It was only closed when an unidentified vehicle was on the drive. 

Chelsea requested, "Please make sure he doesn't feel dejected if he's not useful."

"We will. We have been doing this for centuries. We know how to make people forget the rejection."

"Maybe you can offer him a regular job."

"That is possible. We can always use smart people. But, based on the strength of the signal from the drone, we will probably want him, even if he is not X1."

Chapter 3: Interview

The next day, when the limo picked up Scott, Ginny and Marilyn were already in the limo. In fact, they superficially resembled two women characters in an old television sit-com. They kept him distracted. They were wearing very short skirts. They got an immediate indication that he had a lot of energy on tap. They would try to recruit him even if he wasn't X1. Chelsea met him at the limo when it pulled up. She was wearing a micro skirt. Scott appreciated it.

"I'm so glad that you came. Today will be fun. They already like you."

"They haven't even met me yet."

"Those other people in the limo that told you that they were here for an interview, well, they are here for an interview: your interview. They gave a good report on you."

"The guy barely spoke, and it was an enormous effort not to stare at the women. They were very attractive, though not as attractive as you. And they had those short mini-skirts. I guess you serious when you said it was a casual day."
