 What evil plans does Eris, the goddess of chaos, strife, and vengeance, have in store for Lyden, Brooke, Emmet, and Alloria? Will they be able to go through with her dark desires, or will they balk and let two worlds die?

*

Eris

Brooke's fingers are entwined in my own, as the goddess of strife, vengeance, and chaos looks at her. The redhead glances at me, and I can see uncertainty in her gaze. The moment only lasts for a second, and Brooke turns back to face Eris, shoulders squared and ready.

"What would you have me do?" she asks. Eris's smile grows feral and hungry.

"It is a simple task, difficult in the doing," the tattooed woman replies cryptically. "Simply tell the generator your true emotions."

The mermaid blinks in confusion for a few moments, before turning to me. "I love you, Lyden," she says, her voice full of conviction, "with all my heart."

That familiar warmth fills my chest, and I can't deny my own feelings for the mermaid. "And I love you," I tell her, giving her hand a squeeze.

"Ah, but that's not all, is it mermaid?" Eris chimes in, her voice solicitous. "There is more, festering just under the surface. Come on. Be completely honest with him. He deserves it after everything he's done to you."

"I don't know what you're talking about," Brooke defends herself. "I love him with all my heart!"

"Tsk, tsk," the goddess chides. "Didn't I say it would be difficult?" She contemplates us, even looking at where we're holding hands and shakes her head. "Looks like I'll have to assist."

Before either of us can react or think, Eris points at Brooke. That's all. She just points.

Brooke throws my hand back at me, and I turn to look at her. Anger suffuses her features as she glares at me.

"Brooke?" I ask uncertainly.

"You want to know the truth, Lyden Snow?" She twists my name with scorn, and I realize that Eris's power is working on her. I remember how I'd felt with just that one small touch. What would it be like to have the goddess intentionally concentrate on you? "The truth is: I resent you! I gave up everything to save a child, and for what?" As she speaks, her voice rises. I do my best to let her words roll off me, knowing that this is Eris's doing. They still sting, though. "To be with a man who can't even keep his cock in his pants. Every time I turn around, you're fucking someone else. I even had to kill my old mentor, and when I thought I could finally die in peace, you went and brought me back. Because of you, I've been tortured, tormented, and treated as if I'm not the one that's been with you the longest! Look at you! You're a wimp that can't handle what life sends at you. Oh no, someone's hurt poor Lyden's feelings. He's probably off pouting somewhere. Stop crying, you're a grown man!"

By the time she winds down, my eyes are tearing up. Despite myself, each word coming from her feels like a spoon trying to dig out my heart. Each new gripe blindsiding me.

"You don't mean any of that," I say, my voice soft, but carrying in the darkness around us.

"Oh, but she does," Eris crows. "These are the emotions and thoughts she keeps locked away. Buried deep in her heart, these things are festering. Better to let them all out, wouldn't you say?"

"You're making her say those things," Emmet yells, surprisingly speaking up despite his terror of the goddess.

She turns her dark shadowed eyes on the balding man and smiles. The Paladonic Healer's face loses all of its color as he steps back.

"I am not the outsider, capable of controlling others, Knight," her voice is now firm, having lost its jovial quality. "My power simply allows what is buried deep to come out. I can unlock the secrets of your soul. What you do then, is up to you."

"L-Lyden?" Brooke's voice quavers, but I can't look at her. Even if Eris had forced those words from her, they had to have come from somewhere. Deep down, Brooke really feels that way about me. "Lyden, I'm so sorry. I love you."

Despite myself, despite knowing how much it will hurt, I have to ask. "Is it true?" I wait for an answer, but only silence greets me. "Is it true!?" I shout, finally turning to look at her. The redhead pulls away from my glare. I can see fresh tears staining her cheeks. "Is that how you truly feel about me? Am I just some mistake you made when you were younger?"

"Yes. No! I mean. . . ." She stumbles over her words, and I wait, my heart thundering in my ears. "I never thought of you that way, I promise. I know what I said hurt you, but you have to know I love you Lyden."

"That doesn't answer my question," I state firmly. Her head drops, and she sobs for a second, while I continue to wait.

Her head slowly nods, and I feel my heart break. "I guess it was buried down deep. I meant what I said, about never thinking of you like that. Yes, because of you, my life has been chaotic, and at times terribly painful, but you've always been there for me. You've helped me more than you've ever hurt me. Sometimes I get a bit jealous of your other women. It hurts to see you love so many, but I know that I alone can't take care of you. You need every one of us. Not just for the sex, but for what we do to help you out. Every one of us has helped to make you a better person, and stronger. Even Areth," she adds with a light chuckle.

"What about the part about me not being able to handle what life throws at me?" I ask, my voice oddly calm compared to my emotions.

"You. . . ." She trails off, and has to start again as she considers her words. "At first, you were hard to be around if something bad happened. I knew it was because you cared so much, and that's part of why I fell in love with you. After Lisa's death, I was certain we were going to lose you completely. You surprised us, though. I could see that you were hurting, but you didn't stop. You kept going. You're not the man that you once were. You've changed, and I think it's all been for the better."

Our eyes meet, hers sea green, and mine gray. I have to swallow a few times to get the lump out of my throat. I realize everyone around us is intently watching us, Eris with a wide grin on her exotic features. I block them out, concentrating on the woman before me. Her words have torn me apart, but she's right. I'm not the man that I once was. That man would have fled, retreating into himself. That man is dead.

"Eris was right," I tell Brooke. She looks at me in confusion, but I keep going. "It really is better to have all of that out." She nods, dropping her chin to her modest chest, and I see fresh tears spring to her eyes. She thinks I'm leaving her. "I love you Brooke." Her head snaps back up. "Your words hurt me more than you might ever know, but at least I know how you truly feel. I know you love me, Brooke. You would never stay with me as long as you have, without feeling that way. Please don't doubt that I love you as well. I'm sorry that I've hurt you by being with the other women. From now on I'm yours, and only yours."

"Lyden, no!" she pleads with me, embracing me and crying into my shoulder. "That you would do that for me . . . but no. I meant what I said. You need all of us. I love you, Lyden, but please don't do that."

My arms wrap around the mermaid, and I pull her tightly to me. I'm worried that one day her deeper emotions will take over and I'll lose her, but. . . .

But I'll be dead long before that happens. I try not to think of what that'll do to her, or any of my friends for that matter.

"Well, shit!" Eris pipes up, ruining the moment and putting me on my guard. "That didn't cause as much strife as I thought it would."

Brooke pulls away from me, her face as red as her hair, but I keep my arm around her, pulling her tightly to me. Her right hand presses against my chest as she snuggles into my right side.

"So we passed your test?" I ask hopefully, already knowing the answer.

"Test? There is no test, generator. Only performing actions that will earn you my master's token of power." She laughs softly, and I feel my heart plummet. "Besides, there are still three of you that need to act."

"There should only be two," Alloria speaks for the first time. "Lyden has already dealt with his, and Brooke has done what you made her do."

Rage contorts the goddess's features. "Do not presume to tell me anything, elf! You forget that I said each of you will have to do something that you may regret for the rest of your lives. What has the generator done that he will regret? No, forgiveness is not a part of this bargain!" This is the first time I've seen Eris angry. It's a bit frightening.

Alloria backs up, and bumps into Emmet. Both recoil from the touch and separate further.

Eris visibly calms herself, taking long slow breaths, before taking a few steps back to the light pole. When she turns to face us again, the smile is back on her face. Somehow I'm even more scared of her smile than I would be of her wrath.

"I know how much of a hurry you're in," she states, "so the three of you can do it together. It would have been more fun if you had chosen to hate the mermaid, Lyden, but I think this will work out as well." Her grin widens even more, and the tattoos on her face and body actually begin to glow softly. She points at me. "You, Lyden, are always terrified about what your kids will turn out like. Always afraid they might become some kind of monster. You will get the mermaid pregnant, and I promise you, the dear sweet Pillar of Earth will be unable to make any changes to it. What it will be, it will be."

My heart plummets at this news. Not that I have to make love to Brooke, even though I'm still hurting from her tirade, but because I am truly worried about what a child between us will be. Before I can say anything, she turns to Emmet and Alloria, pointing at both of them. "You, Emmet, despite what you've recently claimed, still despise all creatures from this world. You may no longer want to kill all of us, but you still hate us."

Uh-oh, I think I can see where this is going.

"And Alloria, the last elf in existence. Saved from the fate of the rest of your kind, you harbor your own form of hatred. You hate all humans, but you have a special hatred for men. A hate that transcends all racial boundaries." Alloria and Emmet look at each other, already connecting the dots and shaking their heads. Eris grins even wider as she makes her final pronouncement. "Paladonic Knight, you will impregnate the last elf in the world."

"I won't do it!" Alloria screams, backing away. "I can't do . . . do . . . that!"

"I will not soil my body and soul with such an act," Emmet intones solemnly. I had thought the man was turning a new leaf, but apparently I was mistaken in just how far he'd come.

"Then the Pillar of Darkness's token of power will be forever outside Lyden's reach, and our world will likely fall and crumble." Eris says, still smiling.

"But that will mean your death as well," I say, trying to help the others out. As hard as it might be, I'm at least willing to do my part, but to force that on them is the epitome of cruelty.

"Yes, and chaos and strife, pain and torture, will rule the day. I will be free from my own torments, while delivering to the world what I've had to feel inside for millennia!" As she speaks, she spreads her arms wide. She is truly mad. I can't imagine what it must be like to live with those emotions constantly churning inside you, but she must be in true pain, if she's willing to sacrifice the world. I wonder why she doesn't commit suicide, if she's suffering so much. But as I watch her smile at us, I see that she truly enjoys delivering the torments she feels onto others. "The only time I'm free of the pain of my existence is when others feel it. When others are tormented, or chaos abounds, or vengeance reaped, then can I breathe easy." Her resulting cackle sends shivers down my spine, while at the same time I pity the woman.

"Not that," Alloria says, her voice haunted. "Anything else but that!"

"The choice is simple, Elf and Knight. Do as I've bid, or watch the worlds fall to the outsider."

The two look at one another and I see Alloria shudder. "Gaia has commanded me to do all that I can to save our worlds. She'd told me that I may have to sleep with the generator, considering his power. I'd convinced myself that if it would save the world, I could do it. This is different, though. I won't be making him any more powerful. This is only for spite! And to have to carry your child. . . . A human child. . . ."

". . . regret for the rest of your life," I hear Brooke murmur Eris's words from earlier.

"I love you," I whisper to her and feel comforted when she hugs me tightly back. No matter what happens, if our child becomes a monster, I will always love her. Even if I have to do it from the other side of the grave.

"For generations, my family has been a part of the Paladonic Knights, protecting humanity from the monsters that lurk in the world." Emmet's voice seems to be coming from someone else, it sounds so distant. "I was raised with the belief that every creature from this world was out to destroy us. Lyden has shown me that my childhood may have been a lie. But to lie down with someone not even human. . . . A lifetime of prejudices don't go away that easily, even for one as beautiful as you."

"You think I'm beautiful?" Alloria asks, confusion in her tone. "I've seen paintings of my ancestors, and have a few memories from when I was a child. I am truly ugly compared to them."

Even I have to admit that Alloria is breathtaking. If she is ugly by their standards, then the Elven race must have been a true sight to behold.

"You are the most beautiful creature I've ever seen," Emmet replies honestly. "But you aren't even human."

"And you are human," she responds sadly.

I glance over at Eris, and note a difference in her posture and smile. Where before she had been tense and feral, now she looks relaxed and happy. Had she reacted the same way when Brooke had been telling me how she truly felt? I'd been a bit preoccupied at the time to notice.

"Our world must be saved," Alloria said, her voice soft. She looks up for the first time and sees Emmet looking at her. I can tell that she's surprised not to see hatred on his face. "If you can forget what I am, I will suffer your touch," she says, defeat thick in her voice.

I can tell that Emmet is warring with himself, before his head drops as well. "I will no longer be allowed to return to my brethren. This act will taint me, but I have sworn to protect mankind. What is one life, one act, compared to all that will be lost if I don't?"

"I won't enjoy this," the elf mutters.

"Neither will I," the knight replies.

The two stare at each other for a moment, unsure of how to proceed.

"Why don't you show them how it's done?" Eris asks. Her voice actually has a dreamy quality.

Without saying a word, Brooke turns into my body and tilts her head back. I take the invitation for what it is, and press my lips to hers. The kiss isn't passionate by any accounts, only our lips pressed together, but I try to impart all the love I have in me for the redhead through this one act.

Reaching down, I grip the hem of her shirt and slowly lift it up. When it's bunched up under her arms, I move my hands to her small breasts. Her tongue tentatively brushes along my lips, and I open up to let her in. As our tongues gently glide along one another, my thumbs find her nipples are already hard.

Brooke pulls back, and removes her shirt, as I bend forward and take one of her small areolas between my lips.

"I'm scared, Lyden," I hear above me, and pull back to look into her beautiful eyes. "What if we have a monster? I-I don't think I could destroy my own child. Not something we made together."

"I know," I tell her softly. "I worry too, but how can any child we make be evil?"

"I had hoped that one day we could have kids," she continues as if I hadn't spoken. "When Mother Earth said she could help with Sheila's kids, I thought we could do it. But not like this. Not forced into it, with no help from Gaia."

My insides ache to see my lovely Brooke in this state, while at the same time, I want to tear into the goddess for making us do this. Looking to the dark haired woman, I see a sublime look on her face. I know she's getting just what she wants. Alloria and Emmet are watching us. They're standing close to one another, but not touching.

I pull Brooke to me again, one hand going to the back of her head, the other one to the small of her back as I hug her to me. I can feel her stiff nipples poking me in the chest, and know she can feel the bulge in my pants pressed against her stomach.

Using the hand on her head, I tilt it up, and press my lips to hers again. I have no answers for her fears, other than my love and presence. For now, it will just have to do.

Her arms wrap around my neck, pulling me deeper into the kiss. Reaching between us, I work at her pants for only a moment, before sliding them down and off her. Bent over as I bring the waist of her pant to her ankles, I'm eye level with her clean-shaven pussy. Despite everything, or maybe because of it, I can easily see how aroused she is. As soon as she has one foot out of her pants, I grab her rear, and pull her nether-lips forward to meet mine.

I hear her gasp above me as I find her clit, sucking hard on it. This isn't like our normal lovemaking, where I take it slow. I still plan on being gentle, but this time there is a purpose to our coupling, and I want to make sure neither of us has the time to back out.

I pull my right hand down, and painstakingly work at getting my own pants down and off. I have to reach in and readjust my rod before my underwear drop free. How odd, that earlier today I'd told Gaia that I wasn't up for sex, but now that I'm with someone I truly love, I'm hard a ready to go. Once my pants are off, I kneel between her legs, never removing my lips from hers.

I can sense Brooke getting close to her climax, as my tongue works through her inner lips. Moving quickly, I place my hands behind her knees, and pull, while placing my pelvis directly beneath her. She lands in my lap, wide eyed, but I don't stop my movements. It takes me only a second to lift her up, position my pole, and drop her. I'd hoped to be able to get her off with my antics, but instead it looks like I just postponed it. There is still plenty of time.

I let her sit in my lap, getting accustomed to being filled so quickly. My only movements are to lightly tickle her back and sides with my fingertips, and plant soft kisses along her cheeks and neck.

When her hips begin to move, making my phallus stir around inside her, I know she's ready. I love how wet she gets, and truly love the way her inner walls fit snugly around my accommodating prick.

"Oh, Lyden," I hear her moan softly when I bring my hands down to her rear and help move her. "I love you so much. I do want to have your child. I want to have all of you, in any way you'll share with me."

Realizing that her words are coming more from the moment, than her true intentions, I look up and see Eris grimace at us slightly. I also notice the goddess is topless and gently running her fingers across her modest breasts. The strange tattoos that adorn the side of her face travel down her body, even coming up on the side of her breasts.

"I love you," I reply. "I think I always have, even when I was a child. For as long as I live, I will always love you." Inside I twinge at how deceptive my words can be. I won't be alive much longer. What Gaia told me is true, and I can't survive past the coming battle.

Eris grins at my inner turmoil, tweaking one of her nipples.

This isn't the first time we've had someone watching us, I realize. I remember the desperate session in the Orange Bubble as we rushed to rescue Areth from Blue. This is the first time so much has hinged on the act, however. It's a good thing Brooke feels devine, tightly wrapped around my phallus, or I might get distracted by everything else going on around us.
