 Chapter One

A BLOOD-RED BEAM of light cut through the darkness, sweeping back and forth, searching the tiny little room with deliberate urgency, finding nothing.

Good.

Gabriel Tanner stepped into the cellar and thumbed a switch on the laser sight of his MP-5 sub-machinegun. The red beam disappeared. Reaching behind him, he pulled a tiny figure into the room, then closed the rusty metal door, plunging them both into perfect blackness. 

But Tanner could see in the dark, and he immediately moved to the center of the cellar and a metal pillar which stood there. He struck a match, found the wick, and lit ancient kerosene lantern which hung there. 

A soft yellow glow rose to bathe the cold little cellar in flickering shadows.

Tanner pulled the night-vision goggles he wore from his head and tossed them onto a dirty wooden shelf drilled into the cinder block wall. 

The little cellar was cold, dank and dirty; it smelt of mildew. It was perfect.

He turned back to his companion now.

She was standing uncertainly by the door, her hands folded in front of her blue school uniform skirt, her dark Japanese eyes watching him expectantly.

Her name was Eriko, and standing there in her little blue school uniform, with its white blouse, white knee-high socks, black shoes, and red neck scarf, she looked like nothing more than a child.

Well… that was the idea after all, Tanner reasoned. To the unsuspecting world out there, that's all she was - a schoolgirl. To the people both she and he worked for, she was Special Deep Cover Agent "Violin." And that innocent little girl look probably explained a great deal of her success behind enemy lines.

"Get undressed," Tanner told her.

The girl hesitated for a moment before bowing to the inevitable: She pulled her uniform blazer off, untied her red kerchief and began to unbutton her white blouse.

Tanner didn’t watch. He moved to a dingy corner of the room, removing his long, black leather jacket en route and tossing it to the side. 

The big duffel bag was there, as promised. Leaning his sub-machinegun against the wall, Tanner knelt on one denim knee and unzipped the bag: 

Black camouflage fatigues - two sets; combat boots - two pair; seven SMG ammo magazines; two small, black backpacks - field rations, water packets, and even extra socks…

Tanner back over his shoulder to check on the girl.

She stood shivering slightly in the cold air of the cellar, clad now only in school regulation white bra, panties, knee-high socks and black shoes, her uniform blouse and skirt bundled in her small hands in front of her breasts.

"All of it," he said. He couldn’t take any chances: Clothing could be micro-bugged.

Lowering her eyes, Eriko dropped the bundled clothing to the cold concrete floor. She reached behind her back to unsnap her bra. 

Tanner turned back to the bag and resumed inspecting its contents: two compasses; two pistol belts with holsters; two-man pup tent; two man micro -"oven" bag; six seismic perimeter sensors; one Walther PPK compact 9mm pistol with three full magazines; and one RedMole Checker.

Perfect…

He picked up the RedMole Checker, stood, and turned to Eriko. 

The device he now held consisted of a handle-grip, inlaid with control buttons. Above the handle, a stainless steel protuberance jutted out, cylindrical, rounded at the top, about six inches long.

Tanner watched as Eriko kicked off her shoes, before pulling off her socks and then her panties. Then the girl straightened up and faced him.

Tanner looked her up and down…

So young… 

Late teens, according to her Profile - although her exact date of birth was unknown, even to her: Little Eriko was a war-orphan. 

Her breasts were perfect. Two ginger-colored globes, flawless twins - firm, proud, naturally tanned by Asian blood… brown nipples, hardened in the crisp air of the cellar, stood at perfect attention… A midnight-black bush between two slim, perfectly rounded hips… The slim, taut legs of an ice skater…. He remembered the first time he saw the official photo in the Profile: A perfect Japanese face, as cute as a teddy bear. 

He walked toward her with the RedMole Checker. 

The girl looked at it, at him, then away: She fixed her head up high, her pretty almond eyes staring past him - obedient to her duty, but nonetheless contemptuous of this unnatural, invasive procedure. 

Privately, she understood, however: Special Field Agent Tanner couldn’t risk bringing any Subcutaneous Implants - better known as "RedMoles" - back across the Freeside of the Lines. 

But she’d never been RedMole-Checked by a male before: Protocol stated that Checking should be performed by an Agent of the same sex - whenever possible.

There was the low wooden shelf upon which he had tossed his night goggles, andd Tanner gestured to it:

"Lean against that."

Setting her jaw, Eriko did as she was told, backing her naked tail up against the shelf.

"Spread your arms, please."

Eriko planted her hands on the shelf.

Tanner moved in close and activated the Checker.

It hummed lightly; a green indicator light glowed.

He began with her head. With the smooth, practiced strokes of a past-master, he ran the Mole Checker’s wide sensor probe through and around her shoulder-length raven hair; across her forehead; down one cheek, up the other, along her lips, then

"Open,"

inside her mouth. 

Then, the thin coating of saliva the sensor head had acquired was now lightly spread along her slim neck, then across her shoulders. 

Tanner tried to keep his attention on his work, following the sensor probe and watching the indicator light but, with an insubordinate will of their own, his eyes repeatedly wandered back to her chest… He felt his cock hardening beneath his blue jeans, joining his eyes in their lurid mutiny against his duty. 

The Special Field Agent tried to ignore it, tried to concentrate on the task at hand: He raised his gaze from her chest to find her staring at him, her deep, dark eyes slightly-accusing.

Tanner went back to work.

Returning his attention to the Checker, Tanner took one of te girl's hands, raising an arm out from her body, and ran the thing along her smooth skin. Then the other arm… 

The light remained green.

His throat felt dry as he moved on now to her chest. He ran the device down her right breast, the sensor softly depressing her soft flesh beneath it as it moved.

She trembled a bit as it hummed across a nipple.

"Raise your breasts, please," Tanner told her, trying to sound as nonchalant and professional as possible, trying harder to disregard his growing erection.

Expecting the command, Eriko cupped her breasts in her hands and lifted them, allowing him to run the sensor along the fleshy crevices where they joined her torso. 

Eriko had to admit - he was thorough.

"Thank you," he said, indicating that she could release herself.

Eriko returned her hands to the shelf as he moved on to lower down her torso…

The Checker traced the circle of her flat stomach, then moved down to her groin, where it purred through her black bush.

He ran it down the front of her hairless thighs, then

"Turn around," he ordered.

He could sense her nervousness increasing at the command, but she slowly complied, turning her bare little behind to him, placing her hands back on the shelf for support.

He began with the back of her neck, then worked his way slowly down her back, running the Checker in a circular motion along her naked skin. He listened to her nervous breathing as he proceeded, secretly enjoying the power he had over her, his swollen cock painfully straining against the confines of his clothing. He continued downward until finally he reached the twin humps of her little ass. 

Eriko involuntarily tightened her cheeks as he ran it down her crack. Tanner placed a hand upon the top of her rump, steadying her, as he pressed the sensor tip into her crack. He found her orifice and pressed on with smooth, gentle pressure. 

"Oh -!" the girl cried out suddenly, her cry sounding off the cold, silent walls, as the Checker’s metal sensor penetrated her ass, disappearing into her body.

The Checker hummed patiently in Tanner’s hand as he held it there for a few moments: The light remained green. Tanner smoothly pulled it back, removing it from her tight hole. 

The girl breathed a sigh of relief as the thing left her body, and she relaxed a tiny bit.

From the angle of his view, Tanner could see her other hole… the pretty rose-petal folds lying in the soft, dark garden of her pubic mound…

His breathing became heavier as he contemplated the view. We’ll save the best for last, Tanner silently decided 

"Raise your right leg," he told her.

The girl cocked the slender limb backwards to him. Tanner gripped her ankle and ran the Checker along and around her tiny foot before moving on to her firm, coltish calve. She had to hop a little on her free leg to maintain her balance. Finishing, Tanner released her ankle.

"Left leg, please." 

With a distinct sigh of impatience, the girl complied.

Getting antsy, are we, Violin? Tanner silently asked her naked back as he firmly took her ankle in his hand. Maybe you’ve been on your own, behind the Lines, too long…Maybe you’ve forgotten how to obey a superior officer… It might be time for a little refresher course in the Discipline of the Service… 

His erection seemed to grow with every smooth inch of her body that the Checker massaged.

He released her leg.

Eriko began to straighten herself up, started to turn her body around - but Tanner placed a firm hand on her back, forcing her to be still. He leaned forward, pressing his body against hers.

"We’re not finished, Agent" he said quietly, his mouth near her ear. He pushed her body forward, bending her down toward the shelf, jutting her cute little ass out to him again. He gently tapped her ankles with the side of his foot, much as a frisking police officer might, opening her slim legs. 

The naked Agent trembled as he ran his Checker up the sleek, polished skin of an inner thigh… She turned her head, craning her neck to see him. Her eyes found his, and she read them in an instant.

Tanner enjoyed the glimpse of fear that shot through her pretty eyes - but then he saw them steel into defiance, meeting his on equal terms.

Placing one hand firmly on the small of her back, Tanner ran the device up her other thigh, slowly. He returned her stare evenly, watching her eyes.

Her body jumped as the sensor head found her pubic mound… the defiance in her eyes turning to anger as the RedMole Checker hummed against her there.

"I have my orders, Agent," he told her coolly. 

He wasn’t lying: DCA Violin will undergo a full exam prior to exfiltration. Those were his instructions - and nothing he had done so far had violated them.

Nor would what he was about to do…

He ran the Checker up and down along her closed labia. 

The girl quivered beneath the hand rooted on her backside. The rounded tip of the sensor head explored the pink folds of her tiny flower, seeking access… 

The girl drew in a ragged, stuttering breath, which she let out again slowly through her trembling lips.

Tanner watched her eyes as he worked: It was gradual, but they were changing, the glaring anger falling away, something softer taking its place…

He pressed harder; his pretty subject gave a little grunt. He held her firmly: She wouldn’t give easily. He patiently worked the Checker, sliding it slowly up and down her closed lips… He felt her breathing grow shallower beneath his hand, her body reacting according to nature, not her will. 

Tanner’s erection was blinding him, taking control, demanding to be let out … His heated imagination began to produce dirty pictures… dropping the Checker to the floor… slamming her body forward on the shelf… whipping his cock out…ravaging her from behind as she begged him to stop…

He fought against them, but his pulsing dick was slowly becoming his master.

…then he would turn her around and pop her from the front awhile, watch her jiggle for him…

Deep Cover Agent Violin’s labia began to moisten against the steady stroking pressure of the sensor head. Her dark eyes continued to thaw, their rebellion languidly vanquished by uninvited desire, until finally they relinquished their lock on his, and she lowered them and looked away, surrendering…

Agent Tanner pressed the caressing tool more firmly against her soft pink as he stroked… He heard a muffled gasp from her.

She began panting lazily, her hot breath misting the cold air of the cellar.

Her pussy lips finally began to part for him, her juice moistening the tip of the sensor, which Tanner worked now in a circular motion, spreading her wetness up and down the length of her now-open snatch… 

The girl let out a stifled whine.

Tanner breathed deeply, fighting for control, his cock bulging in his jeans… He slid his hand a bit further down her body. Bringing it to rest atop her ass, he gently squeezed, pressing her cheeks together, while at the same moment his free hand smoothly entered her with the Checker. 

Eriko let out a long, sighing gasp; the thing hummed past her clit and the girl shook visibly. 

Slowly, Tanner began moving the Checker around inside her, exploring her cave with it. Her breathing became more rapid, her hands clenched the shelf tightly.

She moaned softly, involuntarily…

The light remained green.

She was clean… No RedMoles…

Tanner’s heart was pounding in his chest as he worked it inside her, his throat choking up with rising lust. His cock was screaming for release, demanding to be let out, demanding to take the Checker’s place within the warm wetness of the young girl’s body…

He slid it out a bit, twisting it slightly; a gasp escaped the girl’s lips, and she shuddered again.

Watching her reactions carefully, Tanner moved his free hand up her naked back and lightly pressed, forcing her to bend over yet further, flattening her plump breasts against the shelf.

Holding her still that way, he slid the Checker back into her, as far as it would go.

Eriko rewarded him with a little gasp.

Tanner twisted it again inside her.

"No…" she whispered, her voice breaking the monotony of the Checker’s humming.

His erection was killing him.

He could smell her sweat… he could smell her sex… feel her soft shivers brought on by his careful attention… 

His lust was burning him…

The tattered remains of his conscious told him to let her go, that she was clean, that it was over… But it was a distant voice, a lost echo of reason…

Get on with the mission, it said. 

But that didn’t help much: She was his fucking mission.

Get Violin out of Red Territory. 

But it was too late now. Primitive instinct commanded him now, military discipline was only a memory.

Tanner slowly slid the RedMole Checker out of the girl’s vagina.

The girl shuddered…

He leaned forward and held the glistening Checker in front her face, showing her the green light.

"Congratulations," he said, "you’re clean."

He tossed the glistening device onto the shelf beside her and stepped away from her.

He looked at his watch.

"We have about an hour before we go," he said, pulling his black t-shirt off, revealing his hair-swept, thirty-five year old chest.

Closing her legs, Eriko straighten up and turned to face him. 

Tanner kicked his boots off, then pulled off his socks.

Straightening up, he saw her staring at him. There was a kind of understanding, a boldness of intent that he hadn’t seen before; her hands absently smoothed her naked thighs…

He knew he should turn away now; toss her the little black fatigues that some anonymous gopher had planted here for her and call it good. 

Cover her up. 

She was so young…

SPECIAL DEEP COVER Agent "Violin," a.k.a. Eriko Matsuoka, serial number 256561: Japanese-American war orphan. Recruited by the Special Operations Service out of the New Vancouver Resettlement Center at the (estimated) age of twelve. Four years of intensive academic and physical training. Senior Graduate. Eight more months at the Green Mountain Special Operations School, Manitoba. Infiltrated into the Red Asian Security Zone two years ago. Enrolled with forged documents at the New Tokyo People’s Orphanage and Academy for Girls. Distinguished service to the Free Republic ever since: three Special Commendations for Exceptional Service; two for Exceptional Bravery. A fifth commendation was waiting for her on the desk of Senior Agent Carlisle: Tanner had seen it before departing to find her. "For exceptional service in the implementation of Operation Quaker," it said.

Tanner looked into her eyes.

Operation Quaker…

The assassination of Senior General Jin of the People’s Red Pan-Asian Army.

A nice piece of work. 

And you pulled it off, pretty girl? 

Taking her tight little body in, Tanner tried to reconcile the cold assassin he was sent to retrieve with the naked innocent he saw standing before him: They said you were a real pro - a perfect Deep Cover Agent…

"Arguably, DCA Matsuoka’s greatest weakness," her Profile read, "is her stunning, near-perfect beauty - as it constantly draws attention to her…"

Yeah… Tanner mused… He could see how that might be a problem…

He began to unbutton his Levis.

But, then again, the sexy little face he was staring into was the key to the success of Operation Quaker.

GENERAL JIN WAS - was - head of Intelligence for the entire enemy army in North America. He had a wide mandate, and a pitiless character which assured his success within it. The very name of General Jin brought with it a draft of fear, and when it was spoken, it was whispered. Jin had taken down 28 Free Republic Special Field Agents (SFAs) during his tenure, and 13 DCAs: All were dead - at least six by the General’s own hand. 

Against this sterling record, it was decided somewhere in the shadows of the Free Republic’s intelligence bureaucracy that General Jin should die for his sins. 

Everything that was known or surmised about the general was compiled, sifted, shuffled, and re-sifted, until finally a profile emerged.

It was known he was flamboyant: a garish character flaunting his status amid the cold, leveling utilitarianism of his socialist surroundings. 

He liked Italian food, American martinis, and money - proclivities tolerated by his Communist masters by leave of hypocrisy: He was good. Damned good. And if the sufferance of Bourgeois tastes was the price of his services, then (so reasoned his political masters) it was a bargain. 

But, most of all, more than gin and fettuchini - more than money, even - the dear old general liked pretty teen girls. And, with a continent overrun with war orphans, he was rarely at a loss in indulging his little fetish.

This was his chink, the fatal flaw in his armor that would damn him. 

All they needed was a sword.

Activate Special Deep Cover Agent Violin.

"The stars are setting and the Caravan Starts for the Dawn of Nothing - Oh, make haste!"

was anonymously posted on the Orphanage-Academy’s Internet Student Bulletin Board - a meaningless blurb from the Rubáyát. Meaningless to all, that is, except the one to whom it was addressed. 

After school, Senior Student Eriko Matsuoka heads to a little bakery near the city center.

"Excuse me, sir," she asks the man behind the counter. "Have you an order ready for Keiko Ozawa?" 

The old guy blinks at her.

"It," he begins slowly, "is ready." But he needs to be sure. "How is your aunt?" he asks.

"She is still unwell," Eriko replies. "She has been in bed for thirteen days."

"Well, here you are," the old guy concedes, handing her a full shopping bag. "Give your aunt my blessing." 

Eriko takes the bag, pays him, thanks him, and leaves, everything she needs - her orders, and the means to carry them out - ingeniously sealed in a can of pears.
