 Lyden must deal with Lisa's passing, if he's going to be able to face the challenges before him. A promise to fulfill, friends to keep safe, and a fated meeting with the Pillar of Earth await Lyden in this chapter.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

Chapter 28

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The Earth Mother

A slight buzzing sound becomes insistent, growing steadily into alternating noises, which in turn become voices speaking insensibly. After a bit, the voices become understandable.

". . . been asleep for over a day."

"The Pillar of Earth is expecting us."

"I tried to see if he'd let me into his mind while sleeping, but instead I just had nightmares about that mountain stronghold."

"He needs to recover from saving us. It took a lot out of him. I don't know how he's going to handle Lisa's. . . ."

I'm not ready to hear the rest of that yet, and force myself deeper into my own consciousness.

"You need to face it sooner or later," an unknown, but slightly familiar, voice informs directly in my mind.

"What the—" I sit up, looking around. It takes me a bit to recognize the inside of the Orange Bubble due to a couple changes. A burbling fountain is new, and there is now a large metal cage in one corner, Emmet huddled up in the bottom, hugging his knees, his foot heavily bandaged.

"You're awake," Brooke says carefully, leaning over me in the large bed, and placing the back of her hand against my forehead. "How do you feel?"

A piece of something I'd heard floats through my mind, and I answer, "Like I've been asleep for over a day." Gently I brush the assassin's hand away, and begin rubbing my temples. My whole body aches, and my head throbs, but I force myself to deal with it. I have more important things to do right now.

"Lyden. . . ." Brooke's voice trails off hesitantly, and she refuses to look at me as I crawl out of bed. Someone had at least seen fit to put me in a pair of boxers.

"I know," I tell her. "Lisa's gone." Walking over to the wardrobe, I'm glad I decided to restock it with some normal clothes, as I get dressed. "Areth, when does Gaia expect me?"

"She told me to come when you were ready," the pixie states, poking her head out of the pool at the bottom of the fountain. Even she seems to be walking on eggshells around me. Is she worried that I'll be angry about her changing my car even further after I'd told her not to? Angela abandoned me again. As long as the only changes are necessary, then I can't find it in myself right now to object. Part of me wonders what the succubus felt when the fountain was created inside a portion of her soul.

"Look everyone—" I start, but Brooke cuts me off.

"Lyden, you need to grieve. Acting like this isn't healthy." Brooke's hand grips my shoulder and she tries to pull me into a hug.

Pulling away, I hold her at arm's length.

She's right son. You need to take some time—

"I'll grieve when I have time," I tell her firmly, and mentally cut off the voice of my father. "Lisa asked me to be strong. I know I've been a bit down and hard to live with, but thanks to Lisa, I realize how selfish I was being."

"Lyden, no—" Jennifer states, stepping forward.

"Stop, all of you, just stop," I state, raising my voice, trying to stamp down the emotions that are threatening to overwhelm me. "Inside I'm torn up and empty at losing Lisa. I loved her, just as I love all of you. I'll deal with that loss when I have the time. Right now, Aldol is trying to destroy both worlds, and I need to meet with Gaia in order to get her help in stopping it. What is it, Areth?" The whole time I'd been speaking, she'd been trying to interrupt.

"Gaia wants all of us to go, not just you," the golden fairy informs me, taking to the air and dripping water below her.

I glance at those around me, noting that everyone who'd been a part of the ordeal with the Paladonic Knights is here. Jewkes and Jennifer are standing next to the cage with Emmet, guarding him. Brooke is slowly moving her hand through the water in the fountain.

"But the laws against humans going to your world," Becky states, talking for the first time since I woke up. Her eyes are bloodshot, and it's obvious she's been crying a lot. Walking over to the short brunette, I pull her into my arms. Her arms pull me tighter to her, as she presses her face against my chest. Brooke frowns at me, and I realize I'd turned away her hug. I know I'm going to pay for that later. As Becky cries silently, I look to the fairy, waiting for an answer to Becky's question.

"Gaia said she wants all of us," she says, surprisingly landing on Becky's shoulder, getting it wet and patting her head consolingly. What's gotten into the fairy while I was asleep? When did she begin caring? "The Earth Mother even wants these giant humans for some reason."

Becky actually laughs slightly at the fairy's remark, and pulls away from my arms. For a moment the emptiness had been a little less empty while she'd held me, but as she steps away, my emotions threaten to overwhelm me again. I stamp them down, locking them away for later.

Son—

"What are we going to do about him?" I ask, looking to Emmet and ignoring Shemhazau.

"You might as well kill me and get it over with," the man states, lifting his balding head and glaring at me.

"I'm not going to kill you," I tell him firmly. "You helped me escape and we're not sadistic monsters, no matter what your order might think."

"But you're a monster from the other world. You killed the Grand Meister, and were going to kill my brethren," he protests weakly.

"They were trying to kill me," I remind him. "When given another option, I spared them. I might be able to turn into a monster, but that doesn't make one."

Emmet turns away from me, ignoring my statement.

"He's been like that ever since you released him," Jewkes says. "We can't leave him behind while we're gone, and we can't let him go. He's too dangerous."

"Have you been able to go home?" I ask him, and then turn to look at everyone. "Have any of you?"

"No," Richard answers my question. "They know who we are. We figured it wasn't safe, and since there's enough room here, even if it's a bit cramped, we've kept on the move."

"What about your wife?" I ask him, worried for the older woman that Angela had once mimicked.

The man grimaces, and I notice his eyes dart towards Jennifer before looking back at me. "I told her I was on an extended stakeout. Hopefully that'll hold off on anyone looking to get to me through her."

"We're not evil enough to attack the innocent!" Emmet protests indignantly from his cage.

"Lisa was innocent!" I yell, suddenly enraged, and then have to calm myself as I see the man's eyes open wide in terror. "She was completely human, but that didn't stop your Grand Meister from using her as a hostage or slitting her throat."

The captive man works his jaw for a few moments, trying to come up with something to say, before spinning around, and sitting back down. Apparently he has no argument. The healer can't even claim it was in self-defense, because he'd been inside me, and knows that my promise to leave without harming anyone had been sincere.

Turning back to Jewkes, I ask, "Ready to go on another adventure, then? Sounds like you're all invited." I likely sound happier than I really feel, and hope it doesn't sound as forced as it is. I hate having anyone else going into danger with me, but I'm beyond trying to fight it anymore.

"Not going to ask me?" Jennifer asks with an edge to her tone. "How sexist of you, Lyden."

A laugh bubbles up from my chest before I can stop it. "Like you'd pass up the opportunity to grab my monster cock again!"

She stares at me for a moment before laughing, and soon everyone with the exception of our prisoner is smiling.

"It was quite the monster in your other form, too!" Jennifer chortles.

"I assume we need to use the elevator?" I ask Areth, glad to have had an actual reason to smile. It's not often I can get one past the large-chested woman.

"The elevator?" she repeats, lifting up from Becky's shoulder and heading back to the fountain. "Do you really think I was able to get a dragon through that thing?" She laughs, splashing herself merrily. "You are a dolt! No, Gaia made me a gateway closer to her home when I first went to go see her."

Well, at least she's no longer tip-toeing around me.

"Hey, how did you find me back there, anyway?" I ask, wondering about the fairy's fortuitous arrival at the Paladonic Knight's base.

"Well, after I helped make arrangements for your dragon girlfriend, I came back and sensed you up in the mountains." I wonder if she could sense me, or the portions of her soul that reside within me. "When I realized you were partying with those wicked knights, I knew you'd need a dashing heroine to come save your giant arse!" I can't help but smile at her attitude, and even have to stifle a laugh when she sticks her tongue out at Emmet.

I notice even Becky breaks a tremulous smile.

"If you're done saving my massive hind-quarters, then let's get going," I tell her with a not-quite-forced smile.

"Sure, we just have one stop to make first," she tells me, but I turn to face Brooke.

She tries to walk away from me, but I catch her and turn her to face me.

"It's okay," she tells me, her green eyes blazing in contradiction with her words. "She needs you more right now. I understand." She pulls away from me, and I try to turn her back, but Becky grabs me, hugging me tightly.

I know my childhood friend is hurt, but she's right. Becky does need me more at the moment.

We hold each other for a bit, imparting what comfort we can to each other, until my car comes to a stop.

"So what's this other stop we need to make?" I ask, finally getting curious.

"Master?" a familiar voice asks, as my car door opens. "Master!" Sheila is suddenly next to Becky and I, prostrating herself on her knees and hugging my legs.

"We needed to get her?" I ask, uncomfortable with my ex-boss's behavior in front of everyone. I catch Emmet sneering from his cage.

"Have I displeased you, Master?" Sheila suddenly wails. She lets go of my legs, and prostrates herself on the floor. "Punish me, Master! I need to be punished."

"No," I quickly tell her, blood rushing to my face in embarrassment. "I would rather you stay safe here, than going back to the Shadow World," I reassure her, placing my hand under her chin and guiding her to her feet. "No punishment is necessary." I see her eyes drop in disappointment. "Yet," I add, with a light tap on her rear to appease her. I try my best to ignore the knowing looks I'm getting.

"Personally, I could use an excuse to get out," Thomas says as he steps in, Ondine directly on his heels. For some reason, the mermaid doesn't look too pleased as she stays in the older man's shadow. "Sheila, your replacement at work is ugly, and I swear he only bathes once a week."

"Is AnnaBelle coming too?" I ask, wondering if everyone who's had any part in this adventure will be along for this trip.

"I called her," Thomas states, giving Emmet an odd stare in his cage, "but apparently her Reverend has disappeared, and she's had to step up to cover for him in his absence." The older man turns to me, and gives me a significant look. We both know who Reverend Michael Chilton really is, and I suspect I know why he's really vanished. AnnaBelle refused to accept that the man is truly the demon Marchosias. I still don't understand why a demon would pretend to be a man of God.

"Well, if this is everybody, then we'd better get moving," I state, heading for the driver's seat. Even though I can't really drive the Orange Bubble anymore, sometimes I just feel more in command when sitting here. "Where to, Areth?"

The four-inch woman lands lightly on my shoulder, soaking it, and I follow her directions out of town towards the portal. We pull over by a large farmer's field as the sun begins setting, and the pixie grabs something, zooming out the door.

Through the distortion of my windshield, I can make her out placing a shiny object in front of my headlights, and a moment later, the air in front of my car begins to shimmer and brighten. The Orange Bubble moves forward and the late evening light becomes full daytime as we pass through the portal. Areth re-enters the car, and I see she was carrying a prism. That must have been what caused the shimmering.

"I'm glad we had your lights," she tells me, landing on my opposite shoulder. Thankfully she's dry this time. "We would have had to wait for morning, otherwise."

"Where have you taken me, beast?" Emmet demands from his cage, fear staining his voice.

"Over the rainbow," I tell him, smiling at my own little joke. He apparently doesn't like my sense of humor.

"You have a promise to keep," the pixie states, and I groan as I realize what she's referring to. Despite the distortion of my windshield, I know what creature is in front of us.

"Aren't there more important things we need to be about?" I ask, not liking this one bit.

"Do you really want to go face Gaia with a broken promise in your heart?" the golden woman asks me a bit too merrily. She's receiving too much enjoyment from this. "Besides, your dragon girlfriend is right there waiting for you."

Looking out, I stare at the massive blue object, and know that it's the female dragon Areth brought into. . . . Wait a minute. . . .

"Areth, this is all your fault!" I proclaim, glaring at her indignantly.

"Perhaps," she concedes, not seeming in the least bit apologetic, "but that doesn't change the fact that you need to go out there and do perverted things with your newest girlfriend."

While I admit that she's right, I don't let up on my glare until I get out of the Orange Bubble.

Blue looks down at me, and somehow I can tell she's not happy. Considering she stands about twelve feet tall, and has a mouth full of very sharp teeth, I feel a little unsettled. It takes a great deal of effort to change forms—still worn out from yesterday and nothing to fully recharge my system—and I leave a small crater behind me, using the mass of the ground for my current shape. Odd, how I hadn't noticed that the first time I'd changed. Luckily every time I make the change, it gets easier.

The less said about the next few hours the better. Suffice to say that it was violent, slightly bloody on both ends, but I did my duty and have plenty of energy. As Areth had said, I did a lot of perverted things to Blue. For her part, Blue was surprised to find herself fully healed after the culmination of our mating.

For my part. . . . Naw, nevermind. I'm going to just block out those hours from my memory.

I am however, surprised when Blue follows me back to my car, and sticks with me after changing back into my usual human body with clothing. Thankfully I have plenty of energy for that!

"I did what I needed to," I state, wondering if there was something I had missed. "Why is she following me now?"

"We know you did," Jennifer laughs lewdly. "We could hear it from here. I didn't realize she was a growler . . . or was that you?"

Despite myself, I can feel my cheeks blushing at the bawdy woman's remarks.

"Dragon's don't lay their eggs for at least a couple months after mating," Ondine states, talking for the first time, her voice subdued for some reason. What's happened to her over the last few days? She'd been so happy when Thomas agreed to take her in, but she seems withdrawn now. "It looks like you've gotten yourself another loyal follower." Her melancholy tone makes that sound like a bad thing.

Looking back up at Blue, part of me is happy to have her on my side. The more rational part of me wonders what on Earth, or the Shadow World, I'm going to do with a dragon.

Knowing that there is little I can do about it at the moment, I get back into my car. Continuing to follow Areth's directions, my car jounces as it travels over rough ground. By the time we come upon a large city, a lone mountain peak rising out of its center to tower into the clouds, everyone with the exception of the wounded Paladonic Healer is ready to get out and walk.

"Gaia has promised us safe passage," Areth states, as we step out, and look at the buildings that make up the city. Every building looks as if it was carved straight from the ground. Solid rock walls with veins of marble, gold, silver, and every other rock and mineral, surround windows and doorways. Grass grows on almost every building.

"What do we do about him?" Jewkes asks, tilting his head towards our prisoner.

"The Earth Mother requests that he come along as well," a new gravelly voice states, and I spin around, hand on Murasame's hilt ready to do battle as Blue growls menacingly behind me. I become a little hesitant when I see the speaker. "Relax generator, I am sent to guide you to the Earth Mother." The thing is made entirely of rocks, with what appears to be mud or clay for joints, and stands an easy ten feet tall.

"Golems are Gaia's elite force," Brooke says, placing her hand atop mine, and I have to force myself to let go of my sword's hilt.

"Awe, I wanted to see who would win," Areth pouts, but gets over it quickly as she flies up to the thing's head and sits down. "George here, is Gaia's head general."

"George?" I ask. The thing doesn't look like a George.

"He doesn't have his own name, no golem does, so I named him George," the fairy informs me haughtily.

"You couldn't have come up with something like Rocky?" Jennifer asks, sizing up the golem.

"Hmph," Areth grumps, before turning and pointing the way into the city. "Onward, George." She commands, and the golem obeys her. Despite his large size, the being walks silently.

Jewkes quickly unlocks Emmet's cage—where had he gotten a key?—and pulls out a pair of handcuffs, cuffing the man's wrists. "No funny business and I can guarantee you won't have any problems from us," the officer informs him. Richard has to help the wounded man walk, until Areth notices and commands George to carry Emmet.

The man squeaks in panic as he's hoisted into the air, and I can see him trying desperately to scramble out of the Golem's arms, but George implacably keeps a hold of him—holding the man much as an adult carries a small rambunctious baby—until Emmet calms down. The whole scene is rather comical to watch, and I even catch Becky smiling smugly at the wounded man.

Until now, I'd never considered how she must feel, having one of the order that's responsible for her friend's death with us, but from the almost malicious glee she's receiving while watching Emmet struggle, I wonder if I'm going to have to protect him from her, or if I'm even willing to. We all know Emmet wasn't responsible for Lisa's death, and we likely wouldn't have made it away if not for his help, but that doesn't make him a friend, either. Who knows what dark acts he'd performed in the past against creatures from this world?

"Come on, Blue," I state, turning to face the dragon. "I'll feel a lot safer with you at my back." She lowers her large head, nuzzling my shoulder as we begin walking. When she keeps doing it after a few steps, I realize she wants me to ride her. It takes me a couple minutes to figure out the best way to climb safely onto her back, but once up here, I get a good view of the city. George isn't the only golem in sight, as they can be seen patrolling many of the streets. As I've noticed in other populated places here in the Shadow World, there are more creatures than I know how to describe or recognize, all around us. I spot two large orcs at one point, but they shy away from our group, giving sullen glares to George and Blue.

"Where were you the last time I crossed paths with orcs?" I ask the dragon beneath me sarcastically. Whether she understands me or not, she just continues crawling after the golem.
