 The Succubus Experiment. - The Continuation

This is a continuation of two story lines.

The Teenage Succubus series that I really wanted to finish as a stand alone, and The Lexon Experiment.

Teenage Succubus is a two parter that I left hanging. Some of the unanswered questions are in here.

The Lexon Experiment was an introduction to this story.

I wholly advise reading those three shirt stories before reading this.

This story can be read by itself, but was written with it in mind that readers would have already have some background into the Succubus tales.

Enjoy the Erotica!

-------------------------
-------------------------

"What? What are you... How, why?" My broken speech was occasionally interrupted by Jessica's sputtering and shock.

"Relax Lieutenant, a fling in the bathroom doesn't concern me." She leaned her slim, official clad form against the door. "I think you know what does concern me though."

"Look here," Jessica stammered out as she hurriedly buttoned up her blouse, quite blatantly forgetting that her legs were still spread wide in the air. "I don't know..."

"No I'd rather not look thank you very much. And yes, you don't know."

Jessica practically fell off of the toilet reaching for her purse. She hurriedly pulled out the missing pair of panties and slid them on. Krauss kept the door blocked and I had nowhere to go. Jessica and I kept bumping together in our pathetic attempts to cover ourselves.

I wanted to get hard so bad, to freeze time and just disappear. But Bob the Builder of mighty orgasms was just too tired to stand up anymore. Even when Jessica half pushed past me and ended up squeezing next to me, her panty clad hips grinding into my groin, I couldn't get it up.

Jessica tried to speak again.

Krauss just lazily pointed at her.

Jessica put more pressure on me, sliding a hand down my finally buttoned jeans. Her other hand went to her face. Talented fingers softly stroked me in silence, more fingers removed her glasses and licked the glob of semen from the lenses.

Krauss was locked in her position, never moving even when Jessica planted a cum soaked kiss on her lips.

Jessica lightly pushed Krauss' hand away, then jumped back against my chest.

"Don't worry," Krauss said, "I can only manipulate others like that." She licked her lips in some sort of perverse gratification.

"What the fuck!" Jessica yelled.

"Didn't I just shut you up? Do you want me to gag you?"

Jessica's eyes were wide with fear. She clung to me, hiding as best she could.

"When do we leave Krauss? I assume you're reactivating my commission?"

"Correct. You have fifteen minutes." With that she turned on her heels, and walked away leaving a terrified Jessica shaking next to me. I did my best to hide my own fears by standing tall and slipping back into my old military persona.

"I'd better go."

"They're going to kill me aren't they?"

"What? Jessica no. They wouldn't do that."

"They do in the movies and books I read."

"No."

We finished dressing and cleaning up with the bathroom sinks.

I left Jessica back outside of Audry's room and searched out Krauss.

In the light of day outside of the hospital I found her. She hadn't aged a day.

Literally.

Secret Service slacks, blazer, and a white button up shirt. No wrinkles on her face, her 'red boned' features as southerners would call her mixed heritage still showed not a single sign of times slow crawl towards death.

She nodded towards her pointed finger at her side. A finger pointed at me.

"Thank you for noticing. My age that is."

"Talk."

"Not here."

"Where?"

- Here - I heard in my head.

Catching on I thought back 

- Explain. -

- Do you remember the black room? -

- Off limits, and magnetically sealed. Yea I remember. -

- Thirteen years ago we caught something. We store it there. -

- And? -

- You'll receive a full briefing back at Core 37 -

- Fine. What about Jessica? -

- Nothing. What's she going to say that anyone will believe. You know how this works, she talks and our credibility goes up just from the ridiculous claim. -

A black Tahoe pulled up as if by command. Krauss got in.

Maybe I shouldn't have followed.

But I did.

        -------------------

Firearms are cold. I knew that, but the glock felt warm in my hands.

Alive.

All six targets fell within seconds.

"Even better than before when you were practicing."

"Where is my explanation?"

"Just one more test."

Krauss led me through the halls of Core 37 to a large underground maze.

"You have one minute to make it to the other side."

"Starting when?"

"Twelve seconds ago."

"Fuck."

I jumped off of the raised platform overlooking the maze. Sprinting down hallways until I inevitably got stuck and lost. I leapt at a wall, taking a few steps on it to grab a video camera attached at the apex of a corner.

Twisting my now uniformed body up to the top of the wall was way too easy.

It was going to be one interesting explanation I thought to myself.

I instinctively dodged a bean bag fired from atop an overlook.

One hell of an explanation.

I ran headlong towards the finish line. Dodging bean bag after bean bag. Leaping over the last wall I found six men waiting for me armed with night sticks.

Fuck.

I took the first one out when I hit the floor. Palming his face and using my momentum to slam him down to the concrete floor.

Another fell when I grabbed a night stick from a charging soldier and rammed it into the throat of his compatriot.

The stolen night stick quickly alternated from a throat to its former owners skull and then flung through the air i heard it crush another's nose.

Leaping easily I crushed a windpipe between my knees. I rolled forward over his body and flung him at the last guy.

I was over the line.

I wasn't even sweating.

Groans of plastered soldiers had me scared of myself. Where had that come from?

Krauss.

She entered and I cut her off.

"You've got some splainin to do Lucy."

"Forty three seconds. Why not just jump over them?"

"I can do that?"

"You're seriously going to ask me that after flinging a guy with your knees?"

"Good point."

"Follow me Lieutenant."

Finally.

More black hallways and endless turns.

"This part of Core 37, I've never seen it."

"You're in the black room. It's a whole division dedicated to the retention of Lilith. A maze of hallways and magnetic hotspots."

"Lilith."

"Yes Marks, Lilith. Surprised?"

"After flinging a guy with my knees?"

"You should be." She opened a door, a plain door identical to the others.

Inside was a mahogany rectangular table. Bare of any chairs or papers it was the only thing inside. One of the walls however, was lined with soldiers peering through what was probably a one way mirror.

Each and every soldier was female.

"What's with the girls?"

"Every one of those girls is as capable as you." Krauss replied. "In fact, your the only male to survive the process."

"What process? It was six years ago and all I remember was signing a document I wasn't allowed to read and then boom, gassed. Well, I remember the other guys that never came out. You're telling me they all died?"

"That's as it was for us all. You however, took far longer to react to her blood."

"What? Who's blood?" I knew the answer before she answered.

"Lilith's."

"Fuck."

"Your actually quite accurate with that statement Marks."

"You didn't."

"No, but fucking was involved. It always is with Lilith's powers. The original and only surviving Succubus."

"Okay I saw some freaky stuff back in the day, but you're not going to convince me that fiction is suddenly reality."

"Even after tossing a guy with your knees? Marks, go to the mirror."

I obeyed.

I shouldn't have.

What I saw was incredible even as it was horrible.

A woman, floated in the center of a vast room. A room flooded by shriveled corpses.

I wanted to puke. I also wanted so badly to walk in there. A foreign force pulled at me to just walk right in there.

"Let me in."

"What! No!" One of the soldiers shouted at me.

"You go in there and you're dead."

"Let me in."

Krauss did something unexpected.

She nodded and a section of one of the walls rolled back.

"You're of her blood. She can't steal from you. Only give. She can however, rip you limb to limb. In there we've saturated the room with magnetic forces. You won't have any powers, and hers are only minimized. But please, go right ahead and step through there." Krauss motioned at the door.

I walked through, feeling every gaping mouth glued to my back.

The wall resealed behind me and another opened ahead of me.

The smell practically knocked me out.

I think it did knock me out.

When I woke some time later, the demon woman stood over me. I was in the middle of room on what appeared to be the wooden table from the observing room.

"I sent the bodies away."

I dared not speak, her voice was like a melody.

"It took quite a bit of power to transport that many bodies. But you're worth it my child."

"Child?" I couldn't believe I had actually spoken.

"Not of my loins, but of my blood. I can smell it. You know I've never had a boy? What do boys like? Do you want to play catch?"

"I'm a grown man lady, and I have parents already."

"Had parents, I see they passed a few years ago."

"Twenty years ago is more than a few."

"When you've been around as long as I have it doesn't seem that way." She seemed truly genuine in her dotty words.

"I'm human, how long have you been around exactly?"

"Ha! Before there was writing my child. Do you expect me to really keep track of that?"

"I guess not. The bodies, where are they?"

"Teleporting takes power, and in here I'm limited. I got them up to that observatory room." she smiled, sensing my next question. "I can't teleport myself out of here. Manipulating other things is simple compared to teleporting myself. The difference in power needed is massive. Even at full strength I notice the difference."

"Oh."

"I called you in here."

"Is that what it was?"

"Yes, I need you to find your sisters. And not those fakes out there buried in rotting corpses. They stole their powers, unlike you who had no idea. Do not believe it when they tell you different."

"Oh."

I sat up and let my feet dangle off of the tall table.

"I will tell you this to aid you, sex is your power. As you are at the moment the more of it you have the stronger you will get, and the longer you live. You're not immortal like my true daughters, but sickness and age will not tarnish you."

"Krauss said you were the only one of your kind."

"Untrue." she whispered into my ear, leaning against my side. Her head resting on my shoulder.

"There are, an undisclosed amount." I could feel her smile beaming a hairs breadth from my ear. "You'll know soon enough."

She was so seductive. Even the way she sat spelled sex. Her sheer white toga revealing skin in all the right places, even some wrong places too. Her hair almost burned it was so red.

Her eyes though, the blackest things I've ever seen, had me scared shitless. It was like looking into a vortex of sin and strife.

I kept my gaze away from them. Focusing instead on the way her breasts could fill valleys, and the way her torso dipped down to the most versatile hips man had ever known. Hips that both begged to be dominated and probably invented domination.

Legs crept on forever, toned by what I only knew by instinct to be millennia of dance.

Enraptured.

The spell wasn't broken until my back had hit the table, our clothing gone in a whisp of black.

She had wings. Black wings enveloped by black flames. Sprouting from her shoulder blades.

I was mounted like some animal put out to breed.

She rode me, every muscle in her demonic body flexing with power.

"I'm going to do something I've never done," she whispered into my ear, "I'm going to give you a power I've never bestowed before."

I didn't speak, I just let this happen. It wasn't like regular sex. This was like being enveloped in a singularity. Emptiness my only companion as I was completely filled by an unearthly pleasure. I couldn't even concentrate on how it felt to be inside of her. It was more like she was inside of me, corrupting every cell of my body.

Her wings flapped once, sending plumes of black smoke swirling around us.

Then she kissed me.

My throat screamed pain at me as jets of that black fire poured into my body.

Power replaced the emptiness and without notice my hands gripped her sides.

She was cold.

She was so very hot.

She was unearthly.

I surged forward and she fell back.

Her arms and wings wrapped around my body. I felt her legs caressing my hips and I thrust home.

Her head arched back with her back. Mounds of breast pushed against my chest. Hardened nipples begged for pressure.

We moved together, our hips playing an unnatural tune. Nails scraped over skin and palms hungrily grabbed at each other.

She humped at me like a rutting school girl just getting her first taste of real sex, hips never touching the table.

This entity below me fought for her orgasm, claiming it even as her body betrayed her to kicks and spasms. One of her wings twisted the same way a whore would do her body when over doing a faked orgasm. I lost any semblance of control, my body so torn by pain and pleasure it released.

Our juices mixed in a torrent of flesh fighting flesh, each of us beating pleasure out of the other.

I passed out like the women I had violated earlier. Crumpled over on this most definitely dangerous woman who coo'd in my ear. I was over stimulated in every way.

The table felt different when I slowly woke. It felt softer. The room's aroma had lost its overbearing stench of death as well.

I smelled... layers and layers of perfumes?

God I had no idea it was even possible to fuck like that I thought to myself.

"That's because it isn't!" Lilith's perky voice seemed distant.

"What do you mean?" The table was different. It was covered in fatigues. I picked up a thickly padded bra next to my head. Basic black, no frills.

"Well its not possible for me to exist is it? By conventional wisdom that is."

I turned onto my side to look at Lilith. My head was resting on a swath of panties, some many colors, some naughty, some not. Lilith was dancing, her rhythms not affecting her ability to speak at all.

"Had to make my baby boy comfortable now didn't I?" She motioned to the clothes, not breaking her mystical motions in the least.

"Oh, um thanks. Maybe you shouldn't call me that."

"My baby boy? Now that is just bad parenting!"

"How an I going to find your daughters?"

"Your sisters?"

"Um yeah."

"I kissed you."

"Yes, yes you did."

"Once you leave this room, you'll know where the closest one is at all times. I blessed you, freed your powers from their boring little latent state. You'll no longer require stimulation to use them. Rather you'll fuel your powers through sex." She had the most innocent expression I'd ever seen. Was this even the same woman?

"Right."

"I also gave you something." She giggled happily as she twirled to a seated position beside me on the table.

She slid a finger under her dress, pulling it back out into my vision with a glob of my partially dried semen.

Her eyes gleamed black as she suckled on that finger, enjoying our combined tastes. I could see her cheeks contract sharply when she sucked, and her tongue swishing it around when she gave me a naughty show of it.

She swallowed slowly. Tracing a different finger over my chest she whispered. "I gave you hellfire. My one and only non sexually based power."

"Hellfire. Like brimstone and such?"

She giggled again. "Yes, and such. Once I was damned, my first lover after Adam was um, how should I put this."

"I'm sure I'd believe anything at this point."

"Don't." Her eyes were still black. "Don't believe everything you hear."

"Yes ma'am." Freaky.

Several seconds passed after her outburst. 

"Lucifer." She mumbled.

"What?"

"Lucifer silly! He was my first lover after Adam."

"Huh."

"Well the poor little fallen angel of light thought I wasn't a big girl and thought I needed protection. Me being so" her voice did that teenager thing when they thing something is awesome, " saweeet in bed and all!."

"So he gave me hellfire. It's so cool! Like you can totally incinerate anything, sending them to hell in a super cool blast of this back awesome fire."

Gee thanks I thought.

"How do I control it then?"

"Oh it's will power based. Just want it." She shrugged her shoulders like it was nothing.

I tested it on a pair of the cutest little baby blue panties.

I just barely got the thought off in my head when they erupted in black fire.

"You're going to make some saucy little demoness down there a very happy girl if you keep that up."

I chuckled, this could be useful, and also very dangerous. What if I just got mad at something and sent them to hell?

"Well silly, you'd have to concentrate. If you don't specifically want them gone off to hell they aren't going."

"Side note. The clothes, where'd you get them?"

"The guards up there." She pointed to the blacked out glass.

Shit. I had forgotten about them. When I got out of here they were going to fuck me up.

"Oh fuzzy bunny, you can't die! You weren't immortal, but I blessed you. They can hurt you, even disintegrate you. But you'll reform eventually. Sex is in the air, you'll naturally feed on it. Besides, you just had some" plenty of emphasis was put on the upcoming words, "earth shattering sex."

"And that keeps me free of bullets how?"

"I wear off a good bit of my appeal on those I fuck. For the next while everyone is going to want to either have inside of them or be inside of you. Whatever their generics allow for."

"Shit."

"Oh fluffy bunny, just freeze time and move past the guys."

"I am not getting hard around guys."

"Will powah!" Man she was a strange one. "Unlocked, your time power is also will power based. That is unless you get wicked low on juice. You'll just go nuts and start fucking without a shred of control."

"So stay well fucked. Got it."

"Yup!"

I got up to leave, already missing her presence.

"Oh cuddle bunny! Once you leave, look up Jasmine first. She's my youngest daughter and the least likely to annihilate you before you have a chance to explain."

"Thanks."

"She's a platinum blonde, natural of course. Tiny little waist, quite breakable looking. Betting she's gotten a bunch of experience in the last thirteen years though so watch out! I blessed her when she was just a wee high school teeny so she's not going to be waltzing around as a mid wife."

The hidden door opened and I slipped through. It's companion door swayed open.

I could feel a new power rising in me as soon as I was free of the magnetic forces in Lilith's room. Freezing time would be cake now.

The smell of decay had me gagging my way through the door. The room was piled high with corpses.

Getting past the horde of nude soldier women turned on by Lilith's trick was so very easy.

They rushed towards the door.

SNAP

Time froze with ease.

I darted around them, and exited to the maze of halls.

Once alone out there I both unlocked time to conserve energy and bolted down the hall.

Mistake.

Krauss, unlike at any time I had ever seen her before, tackled me into a doorless room.

"I can't let you go, have to follow you to the daughters. Have GOT to have this cock inside of me."

Fingers skillfully wrapped around my worked up cock through my jeans. She buried her tongue in my mouth, swirling it around, begging for attention.
