 Not far (but just far enough) from the bustling little town of Ville de Joliesse, deep in the dark and mountainous forests that separated the queendom of Hedonia from the Western Marches, there was a tall, mysterious, and bewildering castle. The dark pines of the forest grew so thickly around it that few had ever seen most of the castle itself, but spiraling over the piney crest were dozens of mismatched towers, some made of stone and some made of glass, some thick and stout while others were spindly and teetering. None of the villagers of Ville de Joliesse dared even approach the place unless invited (as the most handsome and amorous sometimes were), because the castle was infested with all sorts of strange and terrifying beasts. Brawny griffins and sinuous drakes roared at each other from the rooftops, the naked bodies of satyrs and nymphs frolicked in the gardens, and even in the fountains lurked lusty mermaids waiting to snatch at any warm body foolish enough to approach.

But nothing in the bewildering castle inspired more curiosity and dread than its master, a woman of indiscernible age and impossible youth, whose wild and unpredictable passions had destroyed just as many lovers as had enraptured. The old men of the village called her a succubus, the young men called her a goddess, the old women called her a demoness, and the young women called her beautiful. Nadia Méchant was many things; as sorceress, seductress, slut, savior, and indeed a witch, but right now she was just happy.

"He's coming! He's coming, he's coming, he's coming, he's coming," Nadia chanted, skipping around her sunny garden on her gazelle-like legs. She wasn't wearing much, being that it was a warm day, and her tall, slender but busty body was covered by nothing more than a transparent robe of soft red charmeuse that did nothing to constrain her full, firm, bouncing breasts or the salacious curves of her toned body. The warm light of the sun pieced right through her robes, leaving the provocative arches of her body radiating through like a fiery spirit of sex. Her long auburn hair flowed down her body like molten gold, and even the green irises of her eyes seemed to blaze with an inner fire. "He's coming! I am going to get so FUCKED tonight!"

"Who's coming?" an annoyed tomboyish voice asked. "Yet another one of your lovers?" Standing in the doorway to the garden was a cute young woman you couldn't have been more than twenty years old, yet even for that age she was petite. Her blonde hair was messy and tied back with a little red bandanna, revealing one large cynical blue eye that matched her pouty pink lips for pessimism. Her breasts were small, perky, and the undersides of them were left bare by the insufficiently sized white shirt she wore, but despite being a tight little cutie she was like a dandelion compared to the sunflower that was Nadia. Lillian Toad didn't care for comparing herself to Nadia much though, unless it was for disparaging her mistress for being so irresponsible and slutty. 

"Jealous?" Nadia giggled, smiling like a cat while clutching the letter Lily had just delivered. "I've got hot studs practically throwing their fat cocks against my door every night, and you haven't gotten laid since when? Was it last month when you fell into the gnome's den and you got that ugly, wart-covered cock buried ten inches deep into your skinny ass?"

"I was only in that gnome's den because you sent me in there to pick those deathcap mushrooms... you bitch," Lily hissed, saying the last part just quietly enough that Nadia could pretend to not have heard it. Being Nadia's assistant and apprentice was not easy, and although it meant a poor orphan like Lily got to grow up in a splendid, enchanting castle, she also often found herself being used for bizarre and perverted sexual experiments, or getting gang-banged by ogres with green dicks bigger than he forearm. 

Nadia just snickered and excitedly bit her lip, thinking about her coming guest. She was hot. Her nipples were so erect that they were pulling the silk charmeuse up over the heaving fullness of her breasts, and a damp spot was forming between her legs. Nadia was a shameless hedonist blessed with an insatiable nymphomania, but even for her this was excited. Her expressive green eyes were looking up at the crowded spires of her castle dreamily, happily fantasizing about her impending sexual tryst, her mouth even popping into a wide circle as she imagined sucking a hot, thick penis. 

"So who is coming?" a girly boy asked this time. Nadia looked back into the colorful explosion that was her garden to see her other apprentice, Patrick 'Pad' Toad, shyly approaching. He was busy tending to the plants and picking the strange alchemical ingredients he grew here, his basket already heavy with mandrakes, fairy-petals, nyx-blossom, and hissing-snapdragons; all the ingredients Nadia needed to make some very powerful recreational drugs. Pad was an adorable boy, which was largely the reason Nadia made him her apprentice, regardless of his skills in alchemy, and he was also very submissive, which a dominatrix like Nadia just loved. His young body was shirtless and glistening with sweat, his normally pale skin slightly tanned and his messy blonde hair shining radiantly in the sunlight. His lovely (if somewhat feminine face) had two bandages on it, one from a rose's thorn while tending the garden, and the other from Nadia's sharp nails when she slapped him during sex. For a young man with a petite body like his sister's, Pad's small shorts were absolutely packed. Between his legs hung a bulge so mighty he could have been hiding a cucumber in it... a BIG cucumber. That, more than anything, was why Nadia took him and his sister into her home. 

Nadia shivered and moaned happily when she thought of her guest. As she said the name the tip of her long tongue flicked the across the top of her mouth in anticipation of what she'd be using it for tonight. "Rhys Faulkner."

"Who?" the identical twins asked. Nadia had many lovers, but this one had obviously left a major impression with her. The fact that she remembered his name put him a very privileged minority of men she had fucked. 

Nadia sat down on the edge of a fountain leaned back, letting the hot sun wash over her stunning cleavage. Unembarrassed, she spread her legs and let her hand glide over the wet surface of her vulva. Neither Lily or Pad looked away. They had seen so much more from Nadia that masturbation was as casual as sneezing, although poor Pad couldn't stop himself from whimpering as his tremendous burden started to harden in his tight shorts. 

"It was before I took either of you as apprentices, so I don't think either of you kiddies would have met him. If you had I'm sure you'd remember him... especially you Lily. I doubt he'd let a cute little girl like you get passed him with a nice, hard fuck."

Lily just grunted. She did not regard herself as some dimwitted horny little schoolgirl, despite the number of times she had been used as a disposable cock-cushion by Nadia's enemies. 

"It was a few years after I had broken up with Queen Nymphoria that she really started to go crazy about wanting me back, and she started sending mercenaries after me to bring me back by force. Poor bitch. After getting a taste of my pussy she never could get over it. Anyway, she started offering lordships and dukedoms to anyone who could catch me, and one minor lord from some minor kingdom in some minor part of the world started to get ambitions. He sent his greatest knight to subdue me and drag me back to Nymphoria in chains, naked and vulnerable. That way the lord could get his dukedom, the knight could get his honor, and Nymphoria could get me."

"Let me guess," Lily cut in. "That poor knight was Rhys."

"Oh yes," Nadia gasped, as if she had just been penetrated by a thick cock. "And he did subdue me most heroically, the stud. I'm serious. I didn't play around with my pursuers back then like I do know. I really tried to kill him, and yet he defeated me, stripped me naked, bound me in rune-covered chains that dampened my magic, and he dragged me hundreds of miles towards Hedonia. Of course there were plenty of cold, lonely nights before that, the kind of nights that forced two enemies to take comfort in the warmth of each other's hard, sticky bodies, and by the time we were within eyesight of the capital he just changed his mind, and let me go. I had really worked a different kind of magic over him." Nadia giggled, pulling her robes down to let one breast free, and she started to impatiently tweak her erect nipple.

"You mean you fucked him a lot," Lily shrugged.

"In every slutty, messy, sloppy, lip-smacking way possible, yes," Nadia said. "I sucked his cock like it was made of sugar. I kissed him like I couldn't breathe without him. I pushed my beating tits against the rock-hard muscles of his chest so hard they felt ready to pop. There were some mornings that neither of us could walk, we had fucked so hard the night before. He beat my pussy up just the way I like it: hard and fast, never bothering to ask for permission, just taking me like a man, pushing my face into the ground while plowing my ass with thrusts so angry it felt like he was spanking me. Every night our hot, sweaty-"

"Oh... AH!" Pad suddenly grunted. No one had noticed during Nadia's story, but Pad had become so aroused that he had to unzip his shorts just to relive the pressure on his peachy horse-cock, and unable to contain himself he began masturbating. Despite his tremendous size and thickness, Pad was not a dominant lover, and without Nadia controlling him he didn't know how to pace himself either, making him something of a premature ejaculator. The soft pink head of his smooth, hairless missile was erupting dramatically, gushing with thick ropes of cum that flew wildly through the air, splashing over the flowers, his sister's bare stomach, and even all the way across Nadia's breasts. The cum sizzled on her chest like egg-whites on a hot skillet, and she laughed as she scooped it up with her finger, putting it in her mouth and taking an appreciative taste. Pad was delicious, sweet even, but Nadia wanted something a little saltier and muskier, something like Rhys's.

Lily was less amused. She couldn't count the number of times she had become coated in her twin brother's spunk, but even once was too much for her. "Pad! Can't you keep that freakishly big trunk in your pants for one day?"

"S-sorry," Pad said shyly, backing down submissively as his massive cock continued to slowly ooze with the last of his substantial orgasm. He tried to put it back into his shorts, but it had gotten too big, and he would need to wait a few minutes before it deflated to a manageable size. 

Nadia stood up and stripped off her red silk robes, strutting back into the castle with her ass swaying hypnotically. She was clearly in a good mood. 

"I'm going to take a bath," she smiled over her shoulder. "I want you two to clean up my room and get out the nice sheets for my bed. And all my oils and lubricants. Toys too. All my toys. And some flowers. It's going to be a long night."

#####

The erotic silhouette of Nadia's perfect body was outlined in the yellow glass of the window in her Tower of Fire, the one she kept specifically for her orgies and sexual play. She was just stepping out of the bath, and fluffy clouds of bubbles slipped down her curvaceous hips as she ran her hands over her hefty breasts, excitedly playing with her sensitive nipples. She stood in front of her full-body mirror and danced for herself, slowly seducing her own reflection in preparation for her real partner. 

Dozens of pairs of eyes watched her, all of them sparkling like malicious stars in the darkness, and not a single one of them were watching for amusement. Shadowy shapes with sexy outlines of their own slithered through the trees, brief flashes of firm young breasts and tight asses clad in fishnets and skintight latex, while a few wore loose kimono robes that fell open around the lithe, muscular bodies. They all carried exotic, sensually curved weapons, whether they were slender daggers, katana, scythes, and whips. The moved without making a sound, their nearly naked bodies gliding through the darkness like erotic ghosts. 

One of them stepped passed the others, taking the lead as she approached the castle. Unlike the others she wasn't crouched down or hiding behind any trees or rocks. She knew no one was watching, so she strutted down the grassy hill like she owned it, her toned, slender body swaying with supple power. Her absurdly large breasts defied gravity, her long abdomen rippled with muscles, her long legs stepping with the grace of ballerina but the strength of a bull. Long, silky black hair waved in the warm wind behind her, tied up into a tall ponytail. Her body was encased in dark purple latex that melted around her tight body like hot wax, clinging so tightly that her nipples and even the folds of her vulva stood out in perfect detail. Her shoulders, shins, and forearms were the only parts of her body with armor, because that was all she needed. She could move faster than any blade, so why bother with protection?

It was impossible to tell if she was beautiful though, because her face was covered by a demonic white mask, with twisted fangs and dark eyes. It was an oni mask, an evil, ogre-like face.

She gripped the long handle of her katana and gently tugged, provoking the slithering silver blade to slide free from it sheath with oily grace.

"Nadia Méchant," the oni-masked ninja said to herself. "Tonight... I will... own you."

#####

Nadia emerged from her private bath veiled in a wave of steam, her naked body glisteningly like polished metal, and her long auburn hair trailing down the sensuous arch of her back perfectly. The muscles in her stomach were particularly defined as the warm light from the pink-shaded lamps of her room washed over her body.

Pad was so distracted he almost dropped the tray of expensive lubricants and oils he was carrying. Lily groaned as she finished changing the sheets on Nadia's bed. The pristine cotton sheets she was laying down were more expensive than what a whole family of famers would earn in a year, but by morning they'd be so soaked in sex that they be thrown out or burned. Nadia was really pulling out all the stops for this one, so Lily could only imagine what a stud Rhys was. Nadia would fuck nearly anyone and their mother if they were sexy or had a big cock, sure, but she usually didn't go through this much preparation just to set a mood. 

As Nadia was deciding what skimpy set of lingerie to wear, a slinky black cat slipped into the room, and no sooner than it slithered through Lily's bare legs that it started to morph into the form of a naked girl, tall and slender, with spiky black hair and red eyes. 

"Your date is riding up to the front door right now," the cat-girl told Nadia, all the while reaching out to give Lily's tight little ass a friendly squeeze while purring appreciatively. This was Nadia's familiar demon, her servant spirit, as most witches and sorceresses had. Her name was Pussy-pocket, but despite the sexy little moniker she was a demon of ferocious power. Lily squirmed away from her groping hands, knowing that it was impossible to fight the strongly sexual obsession Pussy-pocket had with her, but still reluctant to go through another bout of hard, sweaty, exhausting lesbian sex. 

"Wonderful!" Nadia smiled. "Go greet him and give him something to drink while I try on some g-strings."

"He's wounded," Pussy-pocket added, sounding very nonchalant as she reached down the front of Lily's shorts and stroked her hairless kitten. Lily moaned softly as she surrendered.

"What?" Nadia screamed, turning so fast her large tits bounced on her chest. 

"There's a knife in his shoulder, and he's being followed by a bunch of women carrying weird weapons," Pussy-pocket sighed, sounding very bored about the whole thing. "He's probably going to die."

"Not before he fucks me he isn't!" Nadia yelled, quickly dressing in transparent set of pink bra and thong panties as she marched out the room. "C'mon everyone! Let's go save my stud!"

#####

As soon as Nadia, Lily, Pad, and Pussy-Pocket descended the opulent main staircase of the Tower of Fire they were greeted by the sound of a powerful fist knocking against the large wooden double-doors. The heavy brass lock that was keeping the door closed was slowly bending, and finally it cracked open, the doors swinging open and allowing a battle-worn knight covered in blood and dirt to stumble in. He was fully armored in simply but solid plate, but under the waistline of his cuirass hung a tattered blue robe embroidered with golden roses, the symbol of the kingdom he had been exiled from. He was hissing so loudly through his terrifying great-helm that a mist poured through the small slits in his visor. 

Just as Pussy-pocket had said, there was the handle of a slender knife sticking in the unarmored gap between his collarbone and shoulder, and a long trail of blood dripping down his whole left-side. The knife was preventing him from raising his shield arm, but they could all see that the heavy wooden shield was studded with dozens of the similar throwing knives. 

"Rhys!" Nadia gasped sprinting down the stairs and wrapping her arms around his heavy frame. Her breasts pressed against the cold metal of his cuirass and the muscles of her ass flexed as she held him up. She thought nothing of the blood and dirt soiling her freshly bathed body, and Lily was shocked to see the genuine concern on her face.

"... Nadia," a deep masculine voice came from with the helm. "Shut... shut the door."

"Who did this?" Nadia asked, stroking his metal-plated face.

"I did!" a women yelled from outside.

The sound of sharp metal swishing through the air was all the warning Nadia had of the throwing knife aimed for her throat. Rhys raised his arm just in time and the blade bounced off his armored forearm. 

"Get back!" The blue-rose knight yelled, protecting Nadia's nearly naked body with his bulk of metal. 

The woman who had thrown the knife flew into the room, running so quickly that her slender feet barely seemed to touch the floor. Physically she was Nadia's twin, tall and willowy with long limbs but stacked with an incredibly pair of breasts and an ass powerful enough to crack walnuts. Her perfect body was accentuated by the skintight purple latex bodysuit she wore, leaving only her arms bare, her long black hair spinning like a wet black snake behind her, and her face was covered by a horrifying oni-mask. She held a long katana in one hand and a bundle of shuriken throwing-knives in the other. Even though Lily and Pad had never seen one before they knew what the assassin was: a ninja!

"Bitch! Die!" Rhys yelled, swinging his heavy bastard-sword at the ninja's waist. 

All watching expected the ninja to be cut in half, but she leapt into the air so quickly that she vanished from sight for a moment, reappearing ten feet in the air above their heads. Her gorgeous body spun like a top, throwing a rain of shuriken down at Nadia's naked body. This time the sultry sorceress saved herself through, sweeping her arms through the air and magically summoning a gust of wind that blew the shuriken in all directions.

"Ha! Impressive!" the oni-ninja laughed, her breasts bouncing on her chest as she gracefully landed on the stairs handrail. "But is your magic powerful enough to fend off my entire clan?"

"Who the fuck are you?" Nadia gasped in rage, thrusting out her massive chest defiantly.

"My name is Onichitsu, Mistress Shinobi of the Bad Bitch Ninja Clan. Queen Nymphoria is going to pay me a fortune to drag your concupiscent ass back to her... alive, unfortunately. I would give a woman like you such an exquisite death." Onichitsu's wide hips swayed slightly as she made her threat, and the tight latex around her crotch strained against the swelling flesh of her aroused vulva. She was even grinding against the hard sheath of her katana like it was a big cock. Obviously killing beautiful people was her fetish. 
