 "Lily, are you even paying attention?" Nadia Méchant asked her young apprentice.

"Yes. I'm . . . I'm trying," Lily grumpled, kicking at the slinky black cat that was tickling her bare thighs. 

Nadia paced back and forth in her study, her voluptuous body covered by nothing but a sheer green robe left unfastened and opened, so that her jutting cleavage and toned stomach were completely bare, and her recently trimmed mons pubis could be admired by her servants. Nadia's long auburn hair was still wet from the bath, and in the orange glow of the fire it looked like a lovely mixture between blood and lava. 

"Don't let little Pussy-pocket distract you, Lily," Nadia said, stroking her favorite feline companion as Pussy slunk by, purring for attention. "I want you to dictate everything I say while I'm actually in the mood for it. Normally the writing of notes bores the magical shit out of me, but I had productive field-study this summer, and I want my findings to be recorded for the sake of science . . . and whatever profits might be had from future discoveries."

"Mmm," Lily nodded, pretending to care. The petite blonde looked over Nadia's shelves and saw that in the last few years she had contributed little to any field of legitimate science or magic, which should have been shocking, since Nadia was probably the most powerful sorceress in the world, but Lily knew her mistress well enough by now to not be surprised. Nadia was hedonistic, selfish, amourous, emotional, spiteful, lustful, and probably also evil. The shelves of her study were crowded with stolen treasure, sex-toys, and journals of her many sexual escapades, but little of it was anything professional. 

"The manticore is a particular variety of chimera," Nadia began dictating, and Lily began writing. "It has the body of a lion, although it is much more powerful than a natural lion. It has the wings of a bat, with which it is capable of sustained flight that almost matches the speed of a griffin. It also has the tail of a scorpion, and that's the most interesting part."

As Nadia spoke she found herself getting bored, but she wanted to finish this, so she kept herself entertained by disrobing and strutting about the room naked, hoping to catch one of her servants peeping, but it was late and the only one who was still up was Lily, who was wearing nothing but a tight shirt and her panties. Nadia had pulled the scrawny girl out of bed for this, and she hadn't given Lily time to get dressed.

"The manticore can control the lethality of its poison. When enraged, the manticore's poison is powerful enough to kill a dragon. When calm though, the poison settles into a very powerful, and very enjoyable aphrodisiac, with some hallucinogenic properties. I had the pleasure of stumbling upon a very fine specimen this summer, a male manticore that was hung like a horse. Being at the height of rutting season, and my naked body being coated with manticore pheromones, the impressive beast didn't waste time mounting me."

Lily cringed realized that most of this bestiary she was writing was probably going to be about all the animals, monsters, and demons that Nadia had gotten fucked by. She knew to expect this though. Nadia wasn't interested in anything that she couldn't have sex with. Lily did not consider herself a lesbian, but Nadia had she had wrestled in bed more than few dozen times. 

"The manticore's penis is knotted, so once the big, pulsating muscle was thrust into me, there was no getting it back out, not until I had satisfied my noble beast. The manticore's lovemaking was violent and primal, erotic in way that is shocking to modern tastes. The beast bit me on the neck, hard enough to draw blood but not hard enough to kill, and it left deep scratches across my back and buttocks that took several days of magic to heal. Oh, but FUCK was it good. The beast rutted me with a furry that I can only describe as . . . *savage,* and it managed to pummel several hysterical orgams out of my pussy before climaxing itself. When it came, the beast unloaded an almost scalding bucket-load of semen deep into my chest that filled me up so much that it oozed out in copious dollops. The manticore's semen was thick and sticky, like pancake-batter, and it's taste was deliciously savory and salty, like bacon."

Lily heaved a little. Nadia has actually tasted the manticore's semen? Of course she had. A sex-crazed whore like Nadia could practically survive on nothing but semen. Lily was disgusted, but something about the way her gorgeous mistress spoke and strutted about the room naked still made Lily horny. With one hand she wrote down Nadia's story, but the other found its way down her panties, and began to finger her tight little pussy. 

"Even after ejaculating, the manticore's mighty phallus remained rigid for almost an hour, and during that time it continued to hump me with strong, powerful thrusts, if for no other reason but to reinforce its complete dominance over me . . . his bitch." 

Nadia was the most powerful sorceress alive, and possibly one of the most powerful beings on the planet, but there was nothing she loved more than dominant males, regardless of the species. 

"When the manticore was finally able to withdraw its beautiful penis from my body, I was completely exhausted and broken. The beast stood over me, as if knowing that I wished to suck on the head of his cock, and lick his heavy balls, and I did with great enthusiasm. When the beast tired of me, it reared one leg up and drenched me in several gallons of hot urine, the smell of which was so noxious that it rendered me unconscious. The alpha had marked me as his property . . . and for a while I was."

Nadia poured herself a glass of wine and sipped it while caressing her body. The orange glow of the fire made her nipples look like molten gold, and her muscles in her stomach like armor

"Psst, Lily," a giggling voice whispered to the young apprentice as she caught up to her mistress's last dictation. "Down here. Look between your sexy little legs."

Lily looked down to see the slinky black cat between her legs.

"Not now Pussy," Lily hissed, trying to kick the cat away. "Don't distract me. Nadia's going to be pissed if I miss one word."

"But you're horny," the cat giggled. "You're so wet I can smell you."

"Fuck off!" Lily almost screamed. 

Pussy snorted, and for a moment it looked like she might slink away, but instead the little black cat began to shift shapes, its black body slowly melting, growing, expanding into the erotic shape of a nubile girl in her early twenties. The girl had red eyes, a flat chest, lithe muscles, and spiky black hair. She also kept her cat ears and tall, but was otherwise an attractive, sexy, acrobatic young female.

"Well I'm going to taste your sweet cunny whether you like it or not!" Pussy hissed, tugging at Lily's panties until they ripped, and shoving her tongue up the human girl's tight little pouch. 

"Oh . . . mmmmmm," Lily bit her lip trying not to scream. She hated the way that Pussy-pocket treated her like a sex-toy, fucking her senseless whenever the mood struck, but Lily couldn't deny that the naughty kitten was the best pussy-eater in the world. Pussy-pocket was a succubus after all, and her tongue was talented enough to make men sell their souls. Luckily for Lily, the only thing Pussy wanted from her was more attention.

"Lily! Pay attention," Nadia snapped, reaching for a whip she had hanging on the wall. "I swear, if you miss even a single word I'm going to whip the piss out of you."

"Yes . . . oh . . . yes mistress," Lily moaned, trying hard not to cry out in pleasure. 

"Good . . . now . . . where was I . . . oh yes, harpies! Harpies are semi-intelligent creatures that take the appearance of attractive human females (probably an evolutionary adaptation, or perhaps they were once human before being deformed by some curse), in addition to possessing several strong avian features. All harpies have wings, some instead of arms, and some in addition to them, and several harpies I've seen also possessed beaks, talons, and laid eggs instead of giving birth to live young. Thier morphology varies greatly, as does the morphology of birds, and harpies can come in any variety of shapes, sizes, colors, and degrees of sexual attractiveness."

Lily had to bite her lip to stop from screaming. Pussy's wicked tongue had found her g-spot, and the sexy succubus was smacking it around like a captured mouse. 

"Despite being particularly violent monsters, harpies are also dedicated mothers, which I witnessed first hand last summer. While sailing through the Straits of Tang, I was plucked off of the deck of my ship by a particularly voluptuous harpy with big, full breasts, wide hips, flowing blue hair, bright blue feathers, and an engorged vaginal region that gave the distinct impression of violent sexual arousal . . . an impression which was later substantiated when the harpy matron carried me back to her nest and ravished me for several hours."

As Nadia spoke she sat on the floor in front of the fire, laying her naked body down on an extravagant fur rug. She spread her legs and let the heat of the flames warm her inner-thighs, slowly fingering herself as she fondly remembered the way the dominant harpy had raped her. 

"For a winged, taloned monster, the harpy proved to be an exquisite lover. She instinctively found my clitoris, g-spot, and anal erogenous zones with ease, all of which she mercilessly assaulted with her tongue, torturing an endless series of orgasms out of me until I was too exhausted to resist. Dripping with cum and sweat, the harpy licked the fluids from my body, provoking even further climaxes from my beleaguered vagina, providing a feast of sexual hormones that I can only assume play some important role in the harpy's diet."

Nadia spat on her fingers and shoved them into her swollen cunt, wishing that the azure harpy would fly in through the window and rape her all over again.

"When the blue harpy discovered that I was lactating (a side-effect of my magic), she carried me to another, larger nest hidden high up in the Cliffs of Tang. There the harpies raised their brood, and my wearied body was dropped amongst a clique of about twelve young harpy girls, all of whom had the appearance of nubile, pubescent girls of about eighteen or nineteen years of age, despite being rather petite and flat-chested."

Lily tied to push Pussy away, but the demoness countered by sneaking a hand up the front of Lily's skimpy shirt, and began playing with the girl's little pink nipples. 

"The harpy chicks devoured me (sexually speaking), diving hungrily into my wet pussy for just a taste of cum, and suckling at my nipples until milk poured down my chest. Having only two nipples, the chicks had to fight for my milk, and I watched with fascination as they wrestled with one another in a most erotic way, entwining their legs and thrusting their pelvises into each other until one was provoked to orgasm. The harpies who came first submitted, and they were pushed back to the edge of the nest, while the stronger, more dominant harpy bitches fed from me until they were full, and then they tossed my limp body to the weaker harpies like I was a scrap of meat. I believe that what I was being used for was an important social ceremony for the harpy brood, in which a heretical structure could be established amongst the young chicks."

Nadia chuckled to herself and tweaked one of her nipples, provoking a small squirt of milk that splashed over her thigh.

"Luckily for me the harpies had no taste for human flesh, and once they'd sucked me dry of milk and cum over a period of about three days, the harpy matron who had kidnapped me flung my exhausted body into the ocean, where I certainly would have been set adrift had I not been fished out of the sea by a handsome young fisherman and his voluptuous wife (a story for another time). I suppose I could have escaped the harpies at any time, but frankly I having too much fun being used as the brood's fuck-toy to consider it."

"Mis-mis-Mistress Nadia," Lily stuttered, trying not to let her voice quake with sexual tension too much. "Ca-ca-can we please take a break?"

"Absolutely not!" Nadia snapped. "I have two more entries for the bestiary to dictate and I want to do it now while I'm in the mood."

"Bu-bu-but Pussy is-"

"Not another word out of you, unless you want me to feed your skinny ass to those pussy-eating harpies I was just talking about. I doubt a twig like you would be much more than a snack for them." 

Lily bit her tongue and whimpered. Her hands were shaking so much that her quill was leaving a jagged trail across the parchment.

"Now, as for oozes, these gelatinous monsters come in an endless number of variations, each uniquely adapted to their environment. Some oozes are harmless, some are poisonous, some are small, some grow to be the size of whales. One particular ooze of note was discovered festering in the Ruins of Meera, where it apparently feasted on the bones of the ancient concubines who were entombed there. Meera had once been a pleasure palace, and a temple dedicated to a sexual cult, and I can only speculate if something about the amourous ambience of the place had some unnatural effect on the ooze. When I found the amorphous creature, it was no bigger than my hand, and it's bright emerald color and crystal transparency made it quite pretty actually . . . pretty for an ooze anyway."

Lily saw a glass jar on the shelves with a similar substance inside, bright emerald green, and as clear as vodka. It seemed that Nadia had kept a sample. 

"The ooze seemed innocuous enough, but when I touched it, I was instantly set upon by the little monster. The ooze sprang to life, and excreted a poisonous sweat that quickly saturated my skin, and inebriated me within moments. I found myself growing aroused, sexually aroused, becoming so horny that I was violent. I stripped off my clothes and ran around the temple foaming at the mouth, fucking every warm body I could get my hands on. Luckily, I was exploring the Ruins of Meera with a number of handsome dark skinned natives, who were as virile as they were lusty. I had already entertained myself with their leader, Raj, the night before, and he didn't hesitate to fuck me again, rutting me on the temple steps as the priests and priestesses of that ancient cult must have done thousands of years before."

Nadia stopped speaking for a moment to suck on one of her fingers, which she then pushed into the swollen folds of her vagina. She wasn't just toying with herself anymore. She was legitimatly masterbating. 

"I didn't realize that the ooze was inside me, feeding off of my hormones and sexual energy. When Raj ejaculated into me, the ooze metastasized like a cancer, and plunged a newly born ooze deep into his urethra, slithering it ways into his testicles. Oh, Raj screamed and screamed and screamed. I barely heard him though. I was still horny as hell, and the moment Raj had finished with me I quickly moved onto his four comrades. I took his younger brother and sister (adorable twins named Rara and Lala) unaware that I was spreading the ooze to them as well while fucking them. Raj, likewise infected, violently and dominantly mounted his friend Muhood, another handsome boy, and took Muhood in the ass, thoroughly fucking him into submission. The sight of Raj's spectacular dark muscles bulging with power as he dominated another man was thrilling to me, so thrilling that when I orgasmed I fully ejaculated the ooze infecting me, which essentially cured me although it doomed Rara and Lala to mind-shattering levels of arousal. The twins became so horny that they were foaming at the mouth as they ravished one another, and I took the opportunity to escape with the fifth member of our party, a young priestess named Avi."

Lily looked at the jar of ooze again and trembled with trepidation. If that jar contained such a dangerous monster than it should be locked in a vault underground, not perched up on a shelf next to some erotic novels with sticky pages. 

"The ooze grew and grew, spreading throughout the entire village, compelling the population to fuck like wild animals. Avi and I had to flee for our lives, and we took refuge in a remote temple that her grandmother, Lakavi, maintained. For an older woman, Lakavi was quite vivacious and attractive, which made the refuge of her small temple a bit more enjoyable, especially the nights I spent sleeping between busty grandmother and nubile granddaughter."

"Luckily, Avi's grandmother knew about the ooze, having once been infected with it herself many years ago, and with my help she was able to recreate an antidote that would expel the ooze from any infected person. Unfortunately, the only way to get the antidote into an infected person was through sexual fluids. Avi bravely volunteered (although I suspect the little slut was just too eager to lose her virginity) and I decided to help as well. Avi, Lakavi, and I took the antidote, stripped naked, and wandered into the village. What followed was about seven days of the most intense group-sex I have ever participated in, an orgy that will be sung about for centuries. The three of us were ravished and fucked in the most degrading, humiliating, painful, and grotesque ways imaginable . . . I LOVED it . . . but I think by the fifth day Avi just wanted a break, especially after Raj ripped her little asshole open with that big, manly club of his."

Lily stuck her thumb in her mouth and bit down. It wasn't just that Pussy was eating her pussy and tongue-fucking her g-spot, Nadia's stories were actually arousing her as well. Lily did her best to remain stoic around her slutty, hedonistic mistress, but the truth was that Lily enjoyed their adventures, and she secretly admired the way Nadia lived and loved so recklessly. 

"Gnolls are the worst. Ugly, smelly, savage creatures that look like hyenas, except they can walk and wield weapons as men do. Gnolls possess very limited intelligence, and are able to understand spoken language but are rarely literate. The are barely capable of making their own weapons and armor, preferring to rob the dead, but their claws and fangs usually do a sufficient job of mutilating their victims."

"I had the very distinct displeasure of being assaulted by a pack of Gnolls while travelling not fifty miles from my own home. I was bathing in a stream, taking a small respite from my search for dryads, when I was set upon but several of the furry monsters. The Gnolls hooted and hollered at the sight of my naked body, and they yelled the most disgusting cat-calls at me. I actually enjoy that kind of salty language from my men, but only the handsome ones."

"I incinerated the first five or so Gnolls with a barrage of fireballs, but the wild beasts threw themselves at me without regard for their own lives, and I was quickly overpowered. The foul stench of the Gnolls was enough to disable me, although they did hold me down with their wiry muscles and sticky paws. Gnolls mark their territory with musk from bulging scent glands located beneath thier genitlas, and the musk is mixed with their semen. Because of this, Gnolls have to ejaculate to mark their territory, which is why they are so often found jerking their ugly cocks against tree and rocks in the forest, and unfortunately, Gnolls possess gigantic testicles capable of ejaculating almost a full quart of semen every day."

"The Gnolls roughly ravished me and attacked me with their erect, knotted penises, slapping the big cocks against my face and breasts. When the first Gnoll was readying to ejaculate on me though, his throat was ripped out by the Gnoll behind him. Although the Gnolls have no understanding of law or property, they do seem to prioritize claiming territory first, which in this case, was my body."
