 Lily woke up to discover that she was alone in the small bedroom she shared with her twin brother. The morning light poured through the stained glass windows of their room, casting colorful shadows over her nearly naked body. Shelves upon shelves were overflowing with old tomes, alchemical jars, and various strange fetishes of many different magical natures. It was a fairly typical room for the apprentices of a sorceress, which is what Lily and her brother Pad were, but their small room also had a few additional elements: sex toys. Next to the alchemy set were a variety of sexual lubricants that came in various viscosities and flavors. On the shelf with the magical amulets was a series of dildos, shaped for every sort of pussy and anus imaginable, human or otherwise. Even next to the small bed Lily slept in hung a well-used sex-swing, the leather straps of which were well soaked with the juices of her pussy. These things were another defining aspect of her mistress's practices, for Nadia Méchant was not only one of the world's most powerful sorceresses; she was also an epic nymphomaniac. 

Lily kicked down her blankets and stretched out her small, slender body. She was a short girl with a slender by swooping frame, skinny limbs, and perky little breasts, all of which was on display since she slept in nothing but a flimsy, transparent white nightgown. Her short blond hair was messy and tangled, and she ran her fingers through it as she stretched. 

"Good morning, sexy," a husky little voice said. 

Lily yelped as a slinky black cat with blood red eyes bounced onto her bed. The cat curled up right between Lily's legs with a devious little smile on its face.

"Oh no," Lily moaned. "Not right now, Pussy, please."

The black cat giggled mischievously with a girlish voice. It spun around, it's fur grazing over Lily's sensitive inner-thigh, and it quickly transformed into the shape of a busty young woman, one just as slender as Lily but slightly taller, and her hair was black, spiky, and trailed down to her shoulder blades. Her blood red eyes hung half-open as she pushed Lily down against the bed, her lips smothering the other girl's mouth, her tongue slipping inside. Pussy moaned as she pushed her naked body against Lily's chest, and one of the hands quickly snuck inside her nightgown to grope at the smaller girl's budding breasts.

"Pussy, stop!" Lily cried, trying her best not to become aroused. "You . . . oh . . . you can't just sneak in here and fuck me whenever you want!"

Pussy-pocket was sucking on the flesh of Lily's neck so hard she was going to leave a hickey. "Mmm . . . so sweet . . . how could you possible expect me to resist you, honey? You're so cute!" Pussy snickered evilly and leaned back, holding her hand up in front of Lily's face so the little girl could see her razor sharp claws. Pussy swiped, and Lily's flimsy nightgown was instantly torn to shreds, leaving her supple, soft flesh exposed to the lesbian assailant. Pussy's mouth found one of Lily's nipples, and she began to voraciously suck on it, at the same time her other hand pushed two fingers deep into Lily's pink flower. 

Lily moaned, but when she felt the first of what was sure to be several orgasms building up she just surrendered to it. Pussy would get bored of raping her . . . eventually.

#####

Several hours passed before Pussy had her fill of Lily's body. The poor apprentice was left coated with sweat and shivering with exhaustion, every inch of her little body quivering with the painful after-quakes of a dozen forced orgasms. Pussy for her part was swaggering out of the room with a satisfied grin on her face, licking her fingers clean of her favorite sex-toy. 

"Ba . . . ba . . . bitch," Lily whined. "I'm . . . I'm going to tell Mistress Nadia about this."

Pussy giggled as she licked her palm clean of Lily's cum. "Go ahead and be a tattletale, my little titty-treat. Just remember that you're just an apprentice, whereas I'm her familiar. Nadia's had over a dozen students just like you, and all of them have moved on to greater things . . . or are dead. But me, I've been with Nadia for decades, my soul is bound to hers, whereas you're just the flavor of the year . . . albeit you're the sweetest little thing I've ever had the pleasure of licking. Your brother's not bad either, what with that adorable baby face and freakishly gigantic cock of his."

Lily groaned angrily and tried to stand up, but the sensation in her body was too much and her pussy popped out another squirt of cum, and she fell back onto the mattress. 

"Oh, that reminds me," Pussy said, slowly shifting back into the form of a lanky black cat. "Nadia wants to see you. Something about going on a trip. You were supposed to be in her study over an hour ago. She's going to be pissed that you're late."

"That's not fair! I'm only late because you spent the last three hours fucking my brains out!"

Pussy's little cat shoulders shrugged as she slithered into the darkness. "Sucks for you."

Pussy's demonic laughter echoed throughout the small tower as Lily rushed to get dressed. 

#####

Lily was in such a hurry to get dressed that she was barely able to construct an outfit, so now she ran through the stone hallways of Nadia's vertical castle in nothing but an unbuttoned blouse and a pair of lacey thong panties. Lily had a ways to run too, since Nadia's bedroom and study were in an entirely different tower than where her bedroom was. The small tower Lily and Pad shared was small, but it had everything they needed: a kitchen, a small living room, a balcony, and a bedroom for them both to share. Nadia's tower on the other hand was like the phallic erection of a god, containing within it a hundred rooms, some of them mysterious and locked under spell and key, containing dangerous powers, ancient weapons, and immortal vampire sex-slaves. 

As Lily ran up the marble stairway into her mistress's tower she knocked over two of the maids, Glenda the Golem and Hanna the Homunculus, both of them being beings of clay and stone brought to life by Nadia's magic. Hanna was knocked over so hard that she actually broke, and her pretty head went bouncing down the stairs. 

"Hey! Watch where you're go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-going!" Hanna whined as her head rolled down the steps. 

"Sorry Hanna," Lily yelled behind her as she ran up into the study. "I'll fix you later! Promise!"

By the time the spunky apprentice came to the giant wooden doors to Nadia's study she was pouring with sweat, and the stench of sex stuck to her like a cloud. She hadn't had any time to bathe, so all of the sticky, sexual mess that Pussy left her with still clung to her. Bursting through the heavy doors she was instantly confronted with the sight of her mistress, Nadia Méchant, Sorceress and Seductress Supreme, completely naked and bouncing up and down on her brother's massive cock. Her mistresses 'study' was really just a second bedroom, albeit one she studied in, but the study she seemed to be most dedicated to wasn't magic, but kinky, hardcore, back-breaking sex. 

Nadia was the most beautiful woman Lily had ever seen, she hated to admit. Although possibly centuries old, Nadia looked to be a specimen in her physical prime, a paragon of sexual power in corporeal form. Her green eyes were large, heavy, and always sparkling with naughtiness. Her lips were puffy and expressive, curving radically with every change of her turbulent emotions. Her body was that of a goddess of fertility mixed with a gazelle, both long and slender in limb and waist, but curvaceous and buxom in breast and buttocks. Her auburn hair clung to her back with sweat, perfectly balanced between red, brown, and gold. Her tits were something to behold, both of them bouncing up and down on her chest as she rode atop the large dick of a much smaller boy, Pad, Lily's brother.

Pad was very much like Lily: adorable and small, with a feminine face and messy blonde hair, but what really set him apart was that Pad was born with a tremendous penis that when semi-erect hung down to his knees like a third leg. It was partially because of this that Nadia had chosen to take the brother and sister orphans as her apprentices in the first place. No boy was allowed past Nadia's front gate if he didn't at least have seven inches in his pants, even if nothing sexual was going to occur with Nadia anyway. It was simply a matter of personal policy that Nadia did not speak to, look at, touch, listen to, or in anyway acknowledge the existence of men with small penises. Without exaggeration, she hated them almost more than anything.

Not that she liked conversing with well endowed men either. Pad at this very moment was strapped down to her bed by handcuffs and leather straps, and there was a rather lager rubber ball gagging his mouth. His eyes were rolled up into the back of his skull, and saliva poured down his chin and neck. He was clearly in pain, and judging from the swollen shape of his apricot-sized testicles it was due to prolonged denial. He was ready to cum. He had been ready to cum for hours probably, but when you with Nadia you only came when SHE wanted you to.

"You're late," Nadia said. Even though she wasn't looking at Lily it was obvious who she was talking to. 

Lily just stood there stiff as a board, trying to ignore the sight of her brother's testicles bouncing up and down as Nadia rode him into oblivion. His chest was crisscrossed with red scratches from her nails, evidence of several orgasms she had allowed herself to have. 

"Sorry Mistress, it's just . . . Pussy came into my room and -"

"I told your brother I'd let him cum as soon as you were here, but you're over two hours late. Do you have any idea how painful it is for a boy to be denied an orgasm for two hours? Do you have any idea how backed up he is?"

Lily blushed angrily. "I-"

"You were too busy playing pussy-party with Pussy-pocket to do as were told, and now poor little Pad is suffering for it. Your brother's balls are ready to explode. His cock is about to snap in half it's so hard. He's actually crying he needs to cum so bad. Crying like a little bitch. I had to gag him just so I wouldn't have to listen to his pathetic whimpering. One would assume a sister would care more about her brother than this, but I guess a selfish little slut like you only cares about getting fucked. Isn't that right?"

Lily wanted to scream. It was so unfair. It seemed to her that Nadia was basically describing herself, as this situation implied. After all, it was she was the one fucking Pad into a coma at this very moment.

"I . . . I . . ." Lily had trouble finding the right words, when many of the ones coming to her mind would certainly get her tied down to a torture device, naked, locked in a room with some very horny trolls.

Nadia stopped bouncing atop of Pad's nubile little body for one moment, massaging her breasts and twisting her nipples as a small orgasm ran though her. She bit her lip and tried to suppress a cry, but it was no use and within a second she was moaning in her musical voice as she rapidly began to grind against Pad's big cock. On wobbling legs she brought her feet into a standing position and pushed herself up, sliding off more inches of cock than Lily cared to count, and then Nadia grabbed the bed's headboard, squatting right over Pad's face. She ran her hand over her clit, and her cunt exploded, washing the submissive boy down with a spray of hot girl-cum from an orgasm so intense that Nadia's swooping arch of a back became a maze of slender, writhing muscles. When she came down from the trembling climax, her wet pussy slapped down onto Pad's face, smothering him. 

"Cu . . . come here," Nadia beckoned to Lily, her sensual body shaking with the lingering power of her climax. 

Lily scampered over, afraid to make her mistress any angrier. Big mistake. Nadia grabbed her messy blond hair and pulled her face down, hard. Lily opened her mouth to yelp in pain, but it was quickly filled with the thick girth of her brother's erect cock. Lily's eyes went wide as Nadia pushed down, shoving Pad's cock deeper and deeper into his sister's throat. 

Nadia snickered. "Now that you're here, I'll allow this poor boy to cum."

The sexy sorceress swiveled her long finger through the air, and the spell she had been using to stop Pad from climaxing was undone. Suddenly, and with great furry, the orgasm Pad had been denied for the last two hours of mind-shattering sex abruptly came to fruition. Thick, warm cum sprayed from the engorged tip of his penis so fast and with such force that it would have sent Lily's head flying, but Nadia held her down. The cum filled the girl's throat and mouth within milliseconds, and as she reflexively gagged on it the cum-cream started to spray out of her nose and the sides of her mouth. Her eyes rolled, her senses started to fog, and she gulped down mouthfuls of cum trying to breathe, but there was no air, just semen. She would have passed out had Nadia not then decided to let her go, and so she collapsed to the ground puking up more cum than a young stallion could produce. Nadia snickered evilly as she leaned back and gingerly stroked Pad's cock, pushing out the last several handfuls of seething spunk, and making sure to aim it over Lily's head. 

"Did you like that, sweetie?" she whispered into Pad's ear. "Aren't you glad I let you cum?" But when she looked down she saw that he was unconscious, his blue eyes all rolled up and blank. His orgasm has been so painfully good that it knocked the poor boy out cold. Nadia shrugged and stood up, grabbing a towel as she headed to her private bath.

"I need a bath, and so do you Lily. You smell like a cheap slut. Hurry up though. I want you to pack my carriage for a week's long journey to the Mountains of Fire. You and Pussy-pocket shall be attending me on this trip. Pad will stay behind to look after things."

"Why . . . (cough) . . . why are we going there?" Lily asked between regurgitated gulps of her brother's cum. 

Nadia sucked her fingers clean of the minimal amount of sperm that had landed on her. "I need to see a dwarf about a gem."

#####

Wherever there were mountains there were dwarves. Wherever they were gold and diamonds there were dwarves. Wherever there was beer there were dwarves, but that could be said for lots of races. The Mountains of Fire were rich in all those things, being a series of coastal mountains along a warm, temperate coast with many active, unpredictable volcanoes. These mountains also served as the dwarven kingdom of Karag Zharr, a rich and powerful nation, it somewhat small by comparison to others. The constant earthquakes and lava-flows continuously brought new gold and gems to the surface for mining, but also prevented any large cities from flourishing. 

Normally suspicious and unwelcoming, Lily was quite surprised to discover that Nadia's signature green and golden carriage was never stopped or searched by the dwarven guard. At each checkpoint and gate she was ushered through without delay, even while dozens of other travelling merchants and diplomats were left to wait. 

It was Lily who drove the carriage, and when she finally brought it to the massive golden gates of Karag Zharr she hopped out of her driver's seat and patted her rather sore bottom. 

"I can do that for you," a feline voice giggled from behind her. 

Lily felt Pussy-pocket's hands groping her tight little butt, massaging the sore muscles with a very lecherous enthusiasm. She turned to see that for once Pussy was wearing clothes, a skintight cat-suit of lacey black material that was transparent enough to show her nipples and the naked mound of her vagina. 

"Give it a rest," Lily sat, swatting Pussy's paws away. It had been like this for the last week. Every time they made camp, stayed at an end, went swimming, stopped to eat, or even just when Lily went to pee. Pussy was all over her, like always, and more than a few times she had gotten what she wanted. 

This time the horny demon did back off though, but only because Nadia was there, stepping out of the carriage in an extremely provocative outfit. It was a green dress, her signature color, over which she wore an excruciatingly tight leather corset, leather gloves, and leather boots with gigantic, metal heels. Her cleavage was popping out of a cutout in the shape of a circle so wide the rims of her nipples showed, and around her neck she wore a large necklace of gems, pearls, and gold clasps. She wore matching bracelets, and if anyone saw under her dress they'd see she was wearing diamond nipple-rings and a ruby piercing in her labia. Her auburn hair was held up in a lose bun that was studded with a hundred pins, each carved of ivory and studded with more tiny gems. 

The dwarven guards that came to escort them started to salivate when they saw Nadia, but it was probably the gems covering her body that aroused them most. Dwarves usually preferred strong, stout women to tall, slender ones, but nothing got their cocks harder than a nice chunk of gold.

"The King awaits you, enchantress," the lead guard said, his voice echoing out of the massive suit of armor he wore. "He received your message just two days ago, and has been eagerly awaiting you ever since."

Nadia smiled and flexed her back, causing her breasts to strain against the tight material of her dress. "Well, show me to his bedchamber then. I didn't come all this way to waste his time with talk."

#####

The king's bedchamber was massive, having been carved out of the very peak of a mountain. Although cold air blew through the giant open windows that overlooked the sparkling sea 3,000 feet below, the room was kept hot by several giant fireplaces and a fountain of actual lava. A giant bed covered in animal skins took up an entire side of the massive room, easily large enough to host an orgy, a perfect battleground for Nadia the Erotic Enchantress.

As soon as the three ladies were left alone Nadia began to strip naked, dropping her bodice to the floor and seconds later letting her green dress slip from her body. Her naked form sashayed across the room with so much swagger it even aroused Lily. Nadia was acting like she owned the place, running her hands over the king's things, kicking some of his clothes out of her way. She came to the bed and crawled up onto it, wiggling her curvy ass with excitement. Without even an ounce of embarrassment she leaned back against a mountain of pillows, spread her long legs, and began to casually masturbate. 

"Will you tell me what we're doing her now?" Lily asked, standing awkwardly by the large doors while her mistress made herself at home. "Please don't tell me we travelled a hundred miles just because you wanted some dwarf dick."

Nadia gave Lily a threatening frown. "I've travelled much further for much less, apprentice, and I've traded away prettier, smarter servants than you for less as well. But no, the sex is just a nice little bonus, as well as my currency."

"Currency?"

"I need something that King Zharrick has. Something very rare and very valuable and unfortunately despite the fact I once saved this entire kingdom from a very aggressive Fire Elemental the dwarves don't give anything away for free. Ever. They'll trade though."

"So you're trading sex for goods. I think there's a term for a woman who does that," Lily said, scratching her chin. 

Nadia snarled silently. "You know, the next time Pussy-pocket wants to rape you, I think I may cast a spell that gives her a big, fat cock to do it with. One with barbs. Sharp, poison-filled barbs." 

The large room filled with a booming echo as the massive doors swung back open, pushed by pulleys so heavy that it took ten dwarves to open and close each door. In walked a dwarf who could only have been this King Zharrick that Nadia spoke of. He was much taller than most dwarves, being almost five feet high and easily just as broad. His arms were colossal hunks of muscle, and each was bare except for some heavy golden bracers. His beard was thick and black, and it probably would have been longer than he was if it had not been tied up in a thick braid with golden clasps. Also, he seemed to be expecting Nadia. As he walked into the room he was already disrobing, dropping his golden armaments and expensive robes to the floor with a very casual demeanor. He looked excited, happy, very horny, but also a little suspicious. 
