 Even in the shade of the massive tent it was still hot, and although Nadia Méchant wore little more than a transparent sash of green silk wrapped around her voluptuous body, her milky skin still glistened with sweat, and her long auburn hair clung to her swan-like neck and arched back. She was reclining against a mountain of pillows and cushions stuffed with goose-feathers, lazing about like a spoiled cat, gasping uncomfortably from the heat. Nadia was a naturally amorous woman, but something about the heat brought out the more sanguine qualities of her personality in even greater relief, and she found herself aroused and restless. Her hands glided over her soft skin, her full breasts, her erect nipples, and the damp, swollen mounds of her inner-thigh. She wanted to get fucked. 

Her assistants Lily and Pad, twin brother and sister with blonde hair and blue eyes, brought her a large trough of water. Normally the young pair dressed in mountaineer clothes, with boots and shorts and rough-spun shirts, but in the heat of the desert plains they had each disrobed to a nearly naked state, as the darkly skinned locals did, who wore little more than colorful sashes and jewelry. Lily's fair skin was flushed bright pink from her time in the sun, and already she had tan-lines running around her slender waist and perky chest. Her twin brother wore nothing but a white loincloth that bulged obscenely with the generous endowment he was born with. 

Nadia eyed her two assistants lustfully. They both had suffered from the attention of her instability before, and they would again, but Nadia had too much work to do, and she couldn't get distracted by fucking the shit out of two exhausted youngsters. She ordered them to lower the tough in the middle of the tent, and with a wave of her hand she summoned a cold, arctic wind into the air. The water froze into a solid block of ice, and Nadia ordered Lily and Pad to use palm-fronds to fan the cold air over her guests who would be arriving any minute. 

A few minutes later the tent was properly cooled, and the flaps at either end of the large pavilion opened. Lily and Pad each gasped in fright. They had been warned that their mistress's guests would be intimidating sights, but they hadn't quite been prepared for this. 

The first guest was seven feet tall, verdantly green, and bulging with muscles the likes of which could easily snap the neck of a bull. His flat, brutal face was tusked and scarred, and his eyes were each bright red like fiery coals in a raging fire. The only coverings he wore were heavy iron plates on his arms and legs, and within his leather loincloth bulged a protuberance so ludicrous in size that Pad felt inadequate for the first time in his life. The monstrous penis bundled in that loincloth must have been over twelve inches soft, so there was no telling how horrifyingly large it would be if aroused.

The first guest was an orc, a famous one: Zurgo Headcrusher, Warlord of the Gor Clan. 

The second guest had an incredibly handsome but barbaric face, with a strong jaw, piercing blue eyes, and untamed black hair. At first Lily was overtaken by the sight of this man's wild beauty, his tanned skin, his powerful arms, and masculine chest, but she was confused as to why this barbarian king came into the tent riding a horse . . . until she saw that it wasn't a horse at all. This man was a centaur, his perfect human body ending at the waist, and his horse body trotting across the ground on four powerful hooves. Lily still felt like feinting from the sight of what hung between his hind legs though: a massive cock the likes of which could easily impale a petite girl like her. 

This second guest was Seton, the King of the Desert Centuars.

"Alright," Nadia said, moaning stubbornly as she slid off of her cushions and swayed between the two barbaric hulks. Her sash slid down her sticky, glistening body, and her plump breasts hung out uncovered, but she didn't bother to cover herself. She looked tired and bored, and from the slow, lethargic way she swayed her hips Lily could tell that Nadia wanted nothing more than to masturbate and then take a nap. "Shall we begin the peace talks?"

#####

The Gor Clan Orcs and the Desert Centaurs had been warring over this desert plain on and off for centuries, sometimes with decades of rest between minor skirmishes and battles, but recently the fighting had became especially pitched. The humans of the realm generally just ignored the bloodshed since it didn't involve them, but recently the fighting had become intense enough that trade was being disrupted. The Sultan sent his youngest son, Prince Akalli, to moderate a treaty between the two tribes, but Akalli was a cowardly and feckless as he was charming and well hung, and after a night of hot sex with the heathen sorceress Naida Méchant he managed to convince her to moderate the talks in his stead. Sex, as it happened, was the absolute only thing that Prince Akalli was talented at. 

Nadia had desperately accepted, since the Prince had been holding her on the cusp of a long delayed tantric orgasm, and he wouldn't let her quivering body achieve climax until she agreed to take his place. She screamed 'yes,' and the arrogant stud finally let her orgasm burst from her body, shattering her mind and melting her soul, and Nadia was reduced to a hot, quivering, pitiful puddle of sexual destruction for the rest of the night. But now that the orgasm was a distant memory and Akalli's beautiful butt was hundreds of miles away, Nadia felt cheated. Peace bored her. Diplomacy bored her. Uniting people bored her. Frankly she would have happily watched these two ancient tribes slaughter and rape each other into oblivion if it meant a little bit of entertainment.

"My people have galloped through these plains since the times of the first moons," Seton said, beating his fist against his perfectly sculpted pectoral. "This was our home long before your kind crawled out of the mud."

Zurgo snorted. "Who gives a fuck who was here first? You centaurs are fucking nomads. My great-great-great-grandfather was the first to build in these plains, the first to claim them for the Clan. My great-great-grandfather raped his first elf here. My great-grandfather ate his first human here. My grandfather slew his first giant here. My father was killed here. And I intend to rule here."

The two titans of bulging muscles continued to argue, the deep baritones of their voices echoed loudly in Nadia's chest, but she wasn't listening to any of it. In her boredom she had began to languidly touch herself, one hand eventually slipping between her legs and stroking her greedy, impatient pussy. Her eyes drifted between the two beasts, to Seton's hanging horse-cock, and to the daunting mountain in Zurgo's leather loincloth. 

She could smell them as well. The thick aroma of masculine pheromones filled the air, intoxicating her receptive body and kindling it with lust. She could see that Lily was being affected by it too. The poor little girl was swooning, and her legs wouldn't stop fidgeting. Pad must have been aroused as well, the little faggot, because his loincloth was starting to pitch a thick tent, and he was gasping girlishly. 

"How about a contest!" Nadia interrupted, her voice cutting through the argument and shaking Lily and Pad from their horny slumber. 

Both Zurgo and Seton looked the human over as if noticing her nearly naked body for the first time (although Nadia only appeared fully human, her true nature was undeterminable). 

Zurgo snorted. "What kind of contest?"

Nadia shrugged. "I don't know . . . a series of competitions . . . or something. Strength, speed, endurance. I'll set up a series of challenges and rate your performance, and the winner of the competition will be able to set the terms of the peace treaty, and the loser will accept it. Just . . . something to get all this boring shit over with."

"That's not something a typical diplomat would suggest," Seton criticized. "What about precedence, justice, and honor? Aren't you supposed to care about those things?"

Nadia shrugged. She really didn't.

"I like it!" Zurgo said, slapping his stomach. "I like it a lot! Normally these puny humans suggest something convoluted and sneaky. A contest would at least be simple and honest, something that will finally put an end to all this indecision." 

Seton sighed and slumped a little. "Alright. I accept. We shall compete in a contest then, and this woman shall evaluate our performance as an impartial judge."

"Deal!" Zurgo said, and reached out his hand to Seton's. 

The orc and centaur leaders shook hands and smiled, and although Nadia neither realized it nor cared, she had just made more progress in solving their ancient dispute than any diplomat had in over a thousand years. 

#####

The field was surrounded on either side by the two tribes, the bare-chested centaurs blowing their trumpets and roaring their war-chants on the western side, and the orcs beating their drums on the eastern side. Neither tribe had much in the way of clothing, so no matter which direction Nadia looked she's see an assortment of firm, muscular breasts standing our proudly from feminine chests, or she'd see a dozen plump penises hanging heavily from powerful waists. She licked her lips and swallowed the drool that had been pooling under her tongue. She hadn't been properly fucked since Prince Akalli dominated her last week, and despite what a satisfying experience that transcendent sex had been, a week was still a long time for a woman like Nadia to go without getting fucked. 

Seton and Zurgo stood on either side of her, they were so tall that her sparkling green eyes were only level to their belly-buttons, and Seton probably could have slapped her in the face with his cock if he had wanted to, but Nadia wasn't intimidated. These two powerful warriors were already wrapped around her finger and she didn't even know it. 

"Alright . . . so . . . um . . . STRENGTH!" Nadia said, snapping her fingers. She was just inventing the rules of the contest off of the top of her head, not that anyone else seemed to notice. "Let's see which of you can throw a big rock further."

The two brutish kings did as she suggested, and they each lifted a stone off the ground that must have weighed at least three-times over what Nadia did. Seton threw his stone and it flew a good distance before crashing to the ground, but Zurgo's sailed further.

"Ha! I win!" Zurgo beamed.

"That was only the first competition," Seton snorted. "Correct, human?"

"Um . . . sure!" Nadia said, realizing that this was going to be harder than expected. "Alright . . . so . . . SPEED!"

#####

Seton won the race, as expected for a creature with the body of a horse, and the tie had to be settled, so Nadia devised a game of endurance, and the two champions were made to lift a heavy log over their heads and hold it there, but after three hours Nadia got bored and declared it to be another tie. There was a test of accuracy, but even at a hundred yards Seton and Zurgo could hit the same bull's-eye whether with an arrow or a javelin. There was a test of knowledge, but other than the fact that orcs and centaurs used different names for the constellations, the minerals of the earth, of for herbs, they each knew the same amount of lore.

Without any clear victor the two champions began to argue, and a foreboding agitation grew within the rival audiences. The centaurs began to beat their hooves against the earth while knocking arrows into their bows, and some of the orcs grunted while picking up their heavy axes and clubs. Nadia could tell this was about to become a bloodbath, and she was stuck right in the middle of it. 

"SILENCE!" Nadia screamed, summoning a bolt of lightning to streak through the air, its crackling boom echoing for miles. The centaurs backed down, as did the orcs, and the two kings looked at the puny mortal with clear impatience. "Obviously you two are evenly matched as warriors, but are you evenly matched in other ways?"

"What do you mean, human?" Seton asked impatiently. 

"What other way can a male be judged?" Zurgo grunted. 

Nadia shrugged, looking at the thick anaconda of meat dangling from Seton's loins, and at the monstrous bulge in Zurgo's loincloth. 

"Which of you has a bigger cock?"

#####

Back in the tent, Nadia was on her knees, her legs resting on a cushion, her hands only partially wrapped around one of the thickest green cocks she had even seen in her long, slutty life. Zurgo stood before her like a titan of muscle, his massive trunk only partially erect but already two feet in length and so thick that Nadia couldn't get her fingers from hand to reach the fingers on the other. His testicles were the size of peaches, and the flaccid length of his beast weighed heavily across Nadia's chest and face. Fervently she stroked it, kissed it, ran her tongue along the bulky purple helmet, and even wrapped her firm breasts around the broad shaft, did anything and everything she could to arouse Zurgo to his full length, but the orc chieftain was hard to impress, and his phallus only grew by meeker inches. 

Seton was equally stubborn, standing on all four legs stoically as poor little Lily did her best to arouse his hanging fifth-leg, using her entire body to rub his fat cock from tip to base. The dark, almost rubbery flesh of the inhuman phallus made a stark contrast against the pale white breasts of Lily, and even her golden tanned stomach and shoulders looked like porcelain compared to the black, bestial penis she was pathetically servicing. She was so petite in comparison that she could actually hang from it, and she began to grind her naked pussy against the large mushroom-tip of his cock, inadequately lubing it up with what little sex-honey she could produce. She tried to lick Seton's balls as Nadia had done with Zurgo, but the salty musk was so thick that it made her want to vomit and pass out, although some aspect of it only aroused Lily more. 

Poor Pad watched all of this from Nadia's bed, both his fists sliding up and down the length of his oversized (for a human) penis. The look in his eyes was one of fear, darting back and forth between Zurgo and Seton, both of whom had cocks that were twice as large as his and neither was even fully hard yet, but the sight of his mistress and sister struggling to please these monsters so submissively aroused him. He grunted and whimpered as his cock strained to the breaking point, and he accidentally unleashed another sticky orgasm onto his naked chest, but he was ignored. Nadia was too focused on Zurgo's giant green cock, and Lily was practically drunk on centaur musk that she was no longer aware of the world other than Seton's pheromone-saturated penis.  

"You've got to be kidding me," Nadia huffed in exhaustion, her brow dripping with sweat and her lips dripping with drool. "Lily, get me the yard-stick."

Lily drunkenly stumbled over to a chest of supplies and returned with a yard-stick and a measuring tape. Nadia took them from the horny girl and measured both of the penises that they had finally inspired to full thickness. Nadia measured their lengths from base to tip, their thicknesses, and even the weight of their perilously inflated testicles, and neither was greater than the other in any way. Each cock was three-and-a-half feet in length and at least five inches in diameter. They were both fucking huge, but neither was bigger than the other. Nadia held them both, one in either hand, casually stroking them both out of habbit, and she was so transfixed by the impossible amount of manhood before her that she didn't notice how annoyed Zurgo and Seton were becoming. 

"Well human," Seton snorted. "What now?"

Nadia shrugged and sighed deeply, licking the taste of Zurgo's balls off of her lips. "Well . . . which of you two can fuck harder?"

#####

Two more guests were brought into the tent, another centaur and another orc, but this centaur was a mare, and the orc was a bitch. The centaur-mare was only the size of a pony, and her fur was soft and white, her mane silver and well brushed. The human portion of her body was that of a blossoming young maiden, with a lovely face, full pink lips, soft nubile breasts, and a smooth flat stomach. Her horse portion looked vivacious and adolescent, with a substantially round rump and a tail that swished flirtatiously. 

The orc-bitch was young as well, probably the same age as Lily, or maybe a little older. Her green skin was crisp, clean, and hairless with only a single fresh scar across her left cheekbone, so Nadia guessed that she had only just begun fighting with the rest of the clan. The orc-bitch's breasts were fairly large though, each capped with a dark green nipple, and the mounds of her vulva were so plump that Nadia could make them out even past a small thicket of black pubic hair.

Seton raised his hand and smacked it across the mare's rump, making the young centaur giggle and kick a little. "This is my newest concubine, Cadence. She'll be my partner for this challenge, and you will all see just how ably I can satisfy a horny young mare."

"Master Seton fucks me so hard I can't even trot afterwards," Cadence snickered in a nasally voice of an obnoxious teenager. "His big cock goes so deep I can feel it my upper half."

"And this is my newest wife, Banji," Zurgo said, wrapping his arm around the tall orc-bitch and squeezing her large breasts. "I"m going to fuck this bitch so hard you'll all think I'm trying to kill her."

"I love it though," Banji said, kissing one of her husband's bulging biceps. "There's nothing an orc-bitch loves more than a husband who can fuck her until the earth beneath her breaks."

"Excuse me," Nadia said, coughing a little to get everyone attention. Still wearing nothing more than a transparent green sash, she stepped between the competitors and admired them all lustfully, even reaching out to caress Cadence's small breasts, and Banji's muscular thighs. "But this isn't the way this competition is going to work."

"What now, human?" Seton asked impatiently, his cock throbbing from some needed relief.

"Cadence and Banji aren't disinterested parties in this," Nadai said, tweaking one of Banji's fat green nipples. The bitch snarled at her, but Nadia just giggled. "They won't be objective about how hard you're fucking them. Shit, for all I know they might even fake an orgasm."

Cadence was so offended she gasped. "I . . . I would never fake on orgasm with Master Seton! He makes me cum so hard I squirt buckets!"

"Ain't no bitch eva fake no o-gasm with Boss Zurgo," Banji echoed, snapping her finger in Nadia's face. 

Nadia snickered evilly and bit her lip, playfully pacing in circles around the champions and their chosen partners. "Be that as it may, this is a competition, not a showcase. If you want to prove to me that you can fuck harder than your rival, you need to switch partners. Seton fucks the orc-bitch, and Zurgo mounts this little filly."

Cadence and Banji both objected loudly, yelling insults and jibes at Nadia, but Seton and Zurgo were silent. They were staring at each other with intense focus, and Nadia knew that they agreed with her.

#####

"No . . . not . . . not so rough! You beast!" Cadence squeaked loudly as her hind legs were pulled part by Zurgo's powerful hands. Even though Cadence weighed somewhere between three-hundred and four-hundred pounds the powerful orc was able to handle her like she weighed no more than a kitten, and although she kicked and fidgeted in his arms, he still pulled her legs open and got a good look at her swollen, sopping wet vagina. 

"Looks like you enjoy it rough," Zurgo laughed, and dove in, driving his tusked snout deep into the mare's pink pussy, his tongue penetrating her as deep as most penises would.
