 Nadia Méchant
Lily and Pad
Nicolette Belladonna
Wolvina
Hrothgar
Primrose 

The market of Honeyvale was crowded as always, bustling with fat merchants, happy shoppers, and amorous locals engaging in their daily flirtations. For a relatively small city Honeyvale has a prosperous economy, generated by its famously unique honey that was both delicious and revered for its rather intense aphrodisiac qualities. A drop on a man's rooster kept him crowing all night, and a smear on a young maiden's breasts everyday grew her large melons within a year. But although Honeyvale was a quant, charming little town far removed from the troubles of the larger kingdom, being tucked away in the mountains, the town was not a stranger to fugitives and lawbreakers, as a newly printed series of bounty notices implied.   

"Here too?" a musical, womanly voice asked from beneath a heavy, black cloak that hid her every feature under dark shadows.

"Afraid so," a young man answered. He was a short youth with messy blonde hair, a feminine face, but a well defined, lithe physique that was left bare by his tight shorts and open vest, his chest etched with hairless abdominals and his crotch stuffed with a promising bulge. 

"Whoever etched these was a pretty good artist," a young girl added. "These posters look exactly like you." The girl was the boy's twin, sharing the same style of short blonde hair, the same green eyes, the same lovely face, but whereas his sexual endowment was much larger than most, her breasts were underwhelming small and her butt perky but slender. 

The girl plucked a bounty poster off of a nearby post, one of hundreds scattered about the town depicting the same woman. The criminal featured was a very beautiful woman, so beautiful that even the soft lines of the poster could not do her angelic face justice, and the image ended at her bust line, which was heaving and intoxicating for both men and woman to look upon. In large bold letters the poster read:

WANTED
DEAD OR ALIVE
NADIA MÉCHANT
SORCERESS AND SEDUCTRESS SUPREME
REWARD OF 1,000,000 GOLD FOR CAPTURE OR CORPSE
COLLECT FROM QUEEN NYMPHORIA

"One-fuckin-million gold," the girl whistled. "Looks like the Queen really is still pissed at you. We'll have to be careful even though we're just passing through town, I bet every bounty-hunter in the kingdom is looking for you right now. That is an insane amount of money. Maybe I should turn you in."

A lovely, slender hand quickly slipped out of the dark cloak and slapped the little girl across her ass.

SLAP!

"Owie!" the girl whined, rubbing her sprightly little derriere.

"And what would you spend it on, Lily?" the cloaked woman, asked. "Maybe a breast-expansion spell that could turn your little mosquito-bites into plump, juicy melons like these?" The woman pulled back her cloak to reveal the most erotic cleavage the gods had ever sculpted; large and symmetrical, quivering but firm, glistening as if coated in the thinnest sheen of oil. "Or maybe an earth-shattering ass like this? Heavens know your butt is flatter than a cutting-board." She bent over and pulled her cloak back further, sticking out her large, deliciously juicy bubble-butt that was barely covered by a sheer semi-transparent purple dress.

The girl tried to growl, but she only sounded like an angry kitten. "Not everyone wants to be like you, Mistress Nadia!"

Nadia Méchant tried to suppress and arrogant smile by biting her juicy lips, but all that did was make her look all the more wicked. She strutted over to her young assistant, her long legs kicking free of the black cloak, and she had to bend over to come face-to-face with the little blonde. Nadia lowered her lips towards Lily's, who had frozen both from fear and the undeniable arousal Nadia caused in all living things, and they almost came to a kiss. 

"Yes they do," Nadia whispered, and then walked past a blushing, embarrassed, and very horny Lily. The jilted little girl stayed standing there for a moment, but when her obediant brother went bounding off after their shared Mistress, Lily had no other choice but to follow as well. 

#####

"She's here," a growling voice said, after sniffing some freshly made footprints in the muddy road leading to Honeyvale. The speaker was a woman, a tall one with a strong face, rough muscles, darkly bronzed skin, and dirty brown hair, yet despite her rugged, unkempt appearance there was a potent, oozing feral sexuality about her. She wore nothing more than a fur bikini that held her large, firm breasts back, and her large ass was split by a tight leather thong. Around her neck was a chain decorated with the teeth of a hundred different kinds of animals she had killed, one of them being human. 

"Are you sure, Wolvina?" another woman asked. "We've had trouble following her unique magical aura ever since she separated from her demonic familiar." This woman was riding atop a horse. She was stunningly beautiful in every classical sense. She was tall, young at just 19 years, peachy skinned, blue eyed, and her long, wavy blonde hair hung around her face like a golden waterfall of sunlight. Her budding, pubertal body was firm and subtle to look upon, and most of it was visible because her only clothing was a very revealing metal bikini that was studded with glowing, magical gems. Despite her beauty she was obviously uncomfortable, and her strong blue eyes constantly darted back and forth as if looking for Peeping Toms. She tried to keep her elegant blue cape wrapped around her arousing form, but it kept slipping back down.   

Wolvina sighed through filed teeth. "A werewolf's sense of smell is the best in the world. Not even magic can stop me from finding a trail. That's why you hired me, right? You're correct though, the sorceress and her demon split miles ago. She must have realized you were using your magic to track the demon."  

The tall girl nodded. "My aunt was right. Nadia is a crafty one."

Wolvina scratched her crotch in a most unladylike way. "You aunt Severine Belladonna, the leader of Queen Nymphoria's paladins? Ha! You'd think a tough bitch like that wouldn't have any trouble catching one naughty witch, but here she is depending on a fresh 19 year old who's never even unsheathed her sword."

The young paladin brought her house up to the muscular werewolf. "Don't think that just because you take my coin that it is alright to mock my family! Queen Nymphoria and the House Belladonna have many grievances against Nadia Méchant, and so they are my grievances as well. My aunt does not know I am tracking the sorceress. I plan to capture Nadia on my own, both redeeming my family's honor and proving myself as a Belladonna."

That got Wolvina's attention. Little-miss-metal-bikini hadn't seemed like the type to go against her superiors. In fact, Wolvina thought that the Paladin must have had a very large stick up her perky ass to be the way she was. The fact that this little mission of hers was clandestine made the pretty teen a little more interesting. 

The busty werewolf chuckled. "Alright, cutie, alright. I'm down for some fetch. And besides, even if we don't catch up to this Nadia in the next town I bet we can find at least find couple young studs with big, hard cocks to keep us entertained. I don't know about you but I could really go for a nice, hard fucking. Whatta ya say, Nicolette?"

A deep blush crept up the sexy teen's near-naked body, causing her young breasts to swell with a healthy pink color. "I . . . um . . . I  . . . well . . . THERE'S HONEYVALE!" she screamed, quickly changing the subject and kicking her horse into a gallop. The town was just visible behind the next set of rolling, tree-covered hills

As the blushing paladin rode away her cape flapped behind her, revealing the smooth curves of her buttocks framed by the metal thong she wore. Wolvina blinked in confusion, shrugged, and followed after her cute employer. 

#####

Lily and Pad were both shivering in their little boots as they led their veiled mistress through the crowded markets of Honeyvale, because it seemed to have an unusually high number of adventurous looking sorts of people: the kind wearing armor, carrying weapons, and every single one of them holding one of Nadia's bounty poster. 

"Wouldn't mind catching this minx myself," a young man with a tall spear said to his friend. 

"Yeah. I'd turn her into Queen Nymphoria, but only after I had my way with her." 

"I wonder if turning her into a mindless cum-dumpster would increase or decrease the reward money."  

And they just may have been able too, since Nadia was separated from her demonic familiar, Pussy-pocket. A witch only truly came into her power when they summoned a demon and became bound with them, as Nadia had down with Pussy when she was a young girl, and being separated from her pet put Nadia at a huge disadvantage. Now the power of her magic would need to be drawn from her own life-force, or the latent powers of the environment, rather than from the near infinite inter-dimensional source of magic that Pussy provided her.

But Nadia didn't seem concerned at all. She was even humming to herself as she knocked on the front door of a quaint little shop named "Hrothgar's Honeysuckles and Alchemy." Without waiting for an answer, Nadia opened the door and nearly skipped in, her black cloak falling away from her lovely face and auburn hair. Lily and Pad both squeaked as they pounced on her, pulling the cloak back over her face, and causing all three to tumble headfirst into the shop. 

"Hey! What're you little troublemakers doing?" Nadia complained. "Are you trying to embarrass me?" 

Lily hopped to her feet, fists shaking in frustration. "Everyone almost saw you! Your cloak was slipping-"

Perhaps just to piss Lily off, Nadia whipped off her cloak with a dramatic flourish, throwing it across Lily's face like a wet towel. Nadia stood in the middle of the shop uncovered, her long slender body scantily exposed by a flimsy purple dress that was nearly transparent. Her perfect cleavage hung out like a glistening, sexual balcony, and her erect nipples made dark circles in the purple fabric. Her long auburn hair sparkled as if wet, and fell down the sensual curves of her back. Lily had been right earlier: the artist who had etched the bounty posters had been good, but there was no comparison to the goddess herself.

"Nadia?" a strong, masculine voice asked. "Is that . . . Nadia Méchant?"

Lily almost pissed her little shorts. She was certain they had been caught. Images of her mistress bound in chains, naked and dripping with the semen of a hundred rapists flashed through her mind. Not that she wouldn't have minded seeing Nadia get what she deserved, but a captured and gang-raped Nadia meant a captured and gang-raped Lily and Pad were not far behind. 

"Hrothgar!" Nadia spun on her high-heeled shoes with glee, and she literally leapt into the man's arms, her large breasts smashing against his big, hard chest, and her mouth whimpering softly as their lips met in a hot, passionate kiss. His hands groped at her buttocks so strongly that Nadia was actually lifted from the ground a little, and her hips started to gently grind against his. 

When they finally pulled away a small strand of saliva connected their lips, which sparkled like a chain of diamonds in the sunlight that came through the skylight. Lily blushed when she saw how handsome the man was. He was closer to 50 than 40, tall, muscular, with neatly cropped silver hair and cold blue eyes. His skin was weathered and leathery, and his bronzed skin bulged with the power of his experienced body. 

"Damn," Nadia gasped. "You're still one hell of a kisser."

Hrothgar chuckled warmly. "I've kept in practice. There are a lot of young girls in this village who just love to learn lovemaking with an old hand."

Nadia bit her lip and giggled. "Oh Hrothgar. You always were such a pussy-hound."

"And you were always such a naughty little kitten, I-"

"Excuse me!" Lily interrupted. "But . . . what the fuck?!?"

#####

The handsome Hrothgar invited the three travelers to sit at his table while he made some refreshments, but first he locked the front door and shuttered the windows. According to him Nadia's bounty posters had only started showing up a few days ago, but by now every person in Honeyvale had seen them, and few would pass up the opportunity to make such a ridiculous amount of gold, even if Nadia's reputation as a dangerous dominatrix was legendary.

As the party snacked on honey-cakes and sweat honey-tea Nadia and Hrothgar reminisced about the old days, when he was a soldier in Queen Nymphoria's army and she was a desperate fugitive. He had almost captured her, but she had used her trademark wiles and sexuality to escape, making a friend out of Hrothgar in the process, who soon left the army to became an alchemist. The tale was hard to pin down chronologically, because Nadia had always used her magic to halt the process of aging. For all Lily and Pad knew, she was even older than Hrothgar was. This was not the first time Lily and met one of her 'old' friends.

As Lily listened to the story she had trouble taking her eyes off of Hrothgar's broad, muscular chest. The heat of the kitchen had given him a healthy sheen, and his white shirt clung to his bulging pectorals with sweat. She suddenly realized how horny she was, and that she was cringing her damp little crotch against the smooth wooden bench. Pad was also feeling a little randy, judging by the pink blush in his cheeks and the rumbling beast straining the tight material of his shorts.   

"I . . . I feel funny," Pad said, leaning back and nearly breaking his shorts as his cock struggled to pop out.

Nadia giggled. "It's the honey, sweetie. This village is famous for its very special honey which serves as both a powerful aphrodisiac and a useful alchemical catalyst. It's the reason Hrothgar decided to set up practice here."

"That and all the cute little girls," Hrothgar laughed.

"What makes it this way? The honey?" Lily asked, trying to ignore the very desperate itch on her erect clit.

"Well," Hrothgar explained. "There's a sort of monster that lives-"

But his story was cut off as the front door's lock snapped open, and the door slowly swung open, washing the room with warm sunlight. A girl stepped in, a young one only slightly older than Lily, but she was much taller and bustier than the petite blonde. This girl had short, wild red hair, a peachy face full of cute freckles, big green eyes, and soft pink lips. Beneath her firm, budding cleavage was a bare, bulging stomach heavy with pregnancy. Her clothes had been modified to leave her swollen midriff bare, being little more than a loose crop-top blouse and a frilly skirt.  

"Daddy, I'm home. I got filled with a lot . . .  OH! . . . we have company!"

Nadia smiled at the freckled girl. "Hrothgar, you dog. Did you knock up this little slut? Babies having babies?"

Hrogthgar and the girl blushed deep crimson. "Nadia, no! This is my daughter. Primrose. And she's not pregnant . . . not exactly."

Nadia looked back and forth between the father and daughter with a confused (although not at all embarrassed) expression. The two weren't very similar at all. Hrothgar was strong and broad, a true soldier in his most idealized form. Primrose was capable looking, but her soft cheeks and tender breasts were those of a rural maiden. She probably took more after her mother. 

"Well if she's not pregnant, then why is her stomach bulging?" Nadia asked, pointing towards the girl's heavy pot-belly.

"That's what I was just about to explain," Hrothgar said. "This is how we collect our honey. Why don't you show them, Primrose?"

The redhead blushed madly, and her slender legs wiggled shyly. "But dad . . . in front of strangers?"

Hrothgar smiled as he dragged a large empty clay jug from the edge of the room forward. "They're not strangers, honey-pot. Nadia is an old friend, and she's curious about how we do our business."

He set the heavy pot down in front of his trembling daughter. The rim of the jug came up to her belly button it was so large. Suddenly Hrothgar was behind his daughter, and his strong arms were wrapping around her. His large hands pulled at the neckline of her blouse, freeing one of her firm tits, and his other hand pulled up the low frilly edge of her skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties, and her swollen, hairless pussy looked to be soaked with sexual fluids.

"Daddy!"

Hrothgar shushed hid gasping daughter. "Shhh. You use to love my help getting the honey out."

Hrothgar effortlessly lifted his daughter onto the rim of the jug, sitting her down on it as if it were a toilet. His hand began to slowly blur over her swollen pussy, stimulating her clitoris and pink lips. His other hand massaged her young breasts, making her wince and whimper in erotic excitement.

Nadia and her friends were stunned, but also very aroused. Lily began to unconsciously grind herself against her seat a little more vigorously, and Nadia began to shamelessly tug at one of her erect nipples. Pad was completely dumbstruck though, his large cock pulsing like an angry dragon in his tight pants. His big blue eyes were practically spinning with insane lust.

Primrose moaned and whimpered. "Daddy . . . it's  . . . it's cumming!"

Her body arched back and she began to shiver so physically that had Hrothgar not been holding her she would have fallen to the floor. She leaned back and moaned loudly, grinding her back against her father's chest as a wonderful orgasm quaked through her. As she came, her father began to press down on her stomach, pushing against her gut with a slow but forceful thrust. Her vagina began to ooze a thick, golden waterfall of glistening, sparkling ooze, and Lily was shocked to realize it was honey. The girl was pregnant with honey.

"The mountains are filled with monsters," Hrothgar explained. "Many of which are dangerous, but one in particular is quite beneficial. The Delphian Bees are a race of large, semi-human bees who produce this aphrodisiac honey in copious quantities, but they hoard most of it for their queen. Luckily, the Delphians are drawn to young mortal women, and instead of ejaculating semen they'll unleash huge loads of their special honey from their big, hard stingers."

"Amazing!" Nadia said, her face hovering closer to Primrose's oozing vagina. "But that much aphrodisiac all at once, isn't it overwhelming."

Primrose bit her lip as she blushed, just beginning to come down from her orgasmic high. "You get use to it, but yes, it is a bit much. The Delphian I attracted today fucked me this morning, but I most have lost consciousness because when I woke up it was already the late afternoon. The Delphians aren't violent lovers, but they can be . . . rewarding."

Primrose whimpered again as the last large dollops of honey oozed from her fresh pussy, and her stomach shrank back to its normal size. She was once again her normal self, and she was actually a rather slender although wide-hipped girl with an athletic stomach. Her skirt road so low that the lower muscles of her abdominals stood out, and two muscular lines like a 'V' went from her crotch to her waist. She slid off the top of the jar and shyly tucked her clothes back into place. Everyone in the room was breathing heavily, but no one was more hot and bothered then poor little Pad. He was almost crying as his cock threatened to snap out of his tight leather shorts.   

Nadia snapped her fingers. "Primrose. Can you help me with something."

The girl's big green eyes blinked in confusion. "Um . . . sure, what?

"The reason I came to this village is because I am planning on collecting some of this honey for my own alchemical experiments, but I need a special kind. I've heard that the honey reserved for the Delphian Queen, the Royal Jelly, is the most potent and magically conducive. Can you help me gather some?"
