 The dusky graveyard had been torn apart and emptied. Its ancient tombstones were cracked and toppled, its rusted gates broken off the hinges. The ground was freshly dug and churned so that massive piles of dirt bordered the dozens of previously undisturbed graves. Every moldy coffin had been cracked open, and every vine-covered tomb had been ransacked, but not for the treasure, oddly. All the bits of gold and silver had been left behind, and discarded throughout the piles of dirt were ancient bejeweled swords and pieces of armor. Whoever had raided this dismal little necropolis hadn't done so for easy bits of crusty treasure, but they had taken everything that was of value to them. 

They had taken all the bodies.

Darting through the misty graveyard was a sleek, slippery black shadow with glowing red eyes. Only when it paused was the ebony blur noticeably a cat, one that inspected the defiled graves and broken tomb with a preternatural intelligence. Bolting through the shadows and shade, the cat came back to the toppled gates and slowed. The sleek black cat stood up on its hind-legs and suddenly grew in size, its slippery black fur dissipating as smooth, peachy flesh took its place. Within a second all that remained of the cat were a swaying, serpentine tail, two glowing red eyes, and a spiky head of shiny black hair. Everything else was now a naked, lithe young woman, whose firm breasts perked in the cold, and whose tight buttocks flexed in discomfort. 

"Looks like Graf was already here," Pussy-pocket the succubus said, patting herself on the ass to wipe away a speck of dirt. "He took them all, even the animal corpses from the pet cemetery."

"My, my. That little boy sure has been busy," a deep, melodious voice responded, a voice from a women whose husky breath always seemed to be on the brink of orgasm. 

Strutting into the dark, drab cemetery came a colorful explosion of feminine sexuality, a busty woman with brilliant auburn hair and revealing green robes that were both skimpy in size and nearly transparent, her only real coverings being a pair of knee-high leather boots with sharp stiletto heels and a heavy emerald cloak. She was a woman of unparalleled beauty and provocation, her every movement a physical expression of deep, penetrating eroticism. This was Nadia Méchant, Sultry Sorceress and Seductress Supreme, a woman who was as desired as she was despised, and as admired as she was feared. 

But at the moment it was Nadia who looked afraid, counting the dozens of graves that had been emptied. She bit her succulent lip and hugged her chest, causing her amble bosom to melt around her arms. Her breasts were warm but the air was cold, and her nipples stood out erect and proud.

Nadia's demonic familiar Pussy-pocket strutted over and hugged her mistress, pressing her smirking face into Nadia's breasts and sucking one of the engorged nipples into her mouth. Nadia moaned happily and relaxed, the nervous tension in her body slowly ebbing away.

"Don't worry Mistress," Pussy said, popping off of Nadia's nipple with a mouthful of milk leaking from her lips. "That stupid little Necromancer would need a hundred zombies to challenge you. We're going to kick his faggot ass."

Nadia patted her foul-mouthed demon on the head and faked a smile. By her count Graf did have hundreds of zombies by now, maybe even thousands. She knew such an amateur wizard like Graf would be no match against her in single combat, but assisted by an army of the undead? That was another story. If she could just catch up to the little bastard she could end this, but he was always one step ahead of her, and his army was growing by the day.

"You're right Pussy," Nadia said, pushing her concerns away. "We should keep going. He's probably headed for the Necropolis of Natalia von Nippel next, the Countess who died back during the Great Plague. She's buried with almost a thousand of her subjects. If Graf gets there before we do he may become unstoppable. But first . . ."

Nadia giggled deeply as she pushed Pussy down to her knees while undressing. Some green robes slipped away, revealing a puffy, hot, dripping wet vagina that looked starved for attention. Pussy smiled wickedly and dove in, lapping at the tight folds of her mistress's greedy cunt. They had been on Graf's tail for almost a week, and not once during that time had Nadia gotten a proper fucking, and a week for Nadia without sex was like a lifetime for most people. Pussy knew how horny her mistress got, and she knew how distracting that sexual tension was making her, so she did her best to relieve her mistress's stress at any and every moment she got.

"Oh . . . oh Pussy . . . little bitch . . . I'm cumming!" Nadia moaned, grabbing the back of Pussy's head as her cunt exploded with a wet, almost violent orgasm. Nadia's exquisite buttocks tensed as she came and her nipples pearled with milk, her body gently quivering with the quelled but not yet sated lust that was growing in her. 

When Nadia let Pussy go the girl looked up at her with big red eyes and a happy smiled that was dripping with sex. Pussy licked her lips and giggled.

"Let's go," Nadia said, smiling, although not without a small amount of fear.

#####

Nadia and Pussy had to leave their carriage behind when they came to the jagged foothills. Before the Great Plague there had been many well paved roads which led through the hills and up into the mountains where the duchy of Countess Natalia von Nippel rested, but when it became clear that the entire duchy was going to be lost to the plague the king of the land ordered the roads destroyed and buried with boulders, dooming the infected citizens within to a lonely death, but saving the rest of the kingdom from the Plague's grasp. 

Sighing loudly, Nadia looked back at her comfortable carriage and wove her hand. The complex magic that had held the vehicle together suddenly unraveled, and the opulent carriage shrunk back into the form Nadia had found it in: a large pumpkin. She waved her hands again and the horses which had pulled the carriage suddenly shrunk as well, once again becoming field mice.

"One of these days I should invest some time in inventing a flying carriage," Nadia mumbled, turning back to the rocky incline and seeing Pussy scampering up the boulders with supernatural speed, slithering from shadow to shadow like a ebony bolt of lightning. 

Nadia moaned deeply, rubbing her hands up and down her curvaceous form, lingering on her erect nipples and wide hips as she chanted an incantation beneath her husky breath. A gentle wind enveloped her, blowing her already skimpy robes all about, and lifting her from the ground. With the weightlessness of a sexy snowflake she leapt from rock to rock, never touching the ground with more than the tip of her naked toes. 

She planned to scale the entire mountain this way, but then a shadow swept over her, and she looked up.

Nadia gasped. Gliding through the air was a small dragon, 'small' being a relative term as it was easily as large as two beefy mules combined. Nadia ducked behind a rock and strained her eyes to see it in detail. Was it moldy? Skeletal? Rotting? Had Graf managed to resurrect a dead dragon? That was a terrifying thought. And army of zombies was one thing, but a zombie dragon was something fare worse. But no. It was alive, its brilliant emerald scales sparkling in the dim light with vivacious color, and the very intimidating muscle hanging between its legs plump with animalistic hormones. Not only was the dragon built like a mule, it was hung like one as well. 

But it wasn't a dragon. It was too stout, too bulky, and instead of four limps and a pair of wings it only possessed a pair of inverted hind-legs, like a bat. Dragons were ancient, magical, intelligent creatures of profound nature. This was a beast . . . an animal . . .

" . . . a wyvern," Nadia gasped.

"And it has a saddle," Pussy whispered into her mistress's ear. "You know what that means."

Nadia nodded. "A Wyvern-Knight." She bit her lip. "Well our day just got more complicated."

#####

The Wyvern-Knights were the elite warriors of the kingdom of Wyssex, a mountainous little country to the northwest of Hedonia. Although independent, Wyssex was very beholden to Hedonia, and therefore to its queen, Nymphoria, who just happened to be Nadia's ex-lover and current arch-nemesis of sorts. Nymphoria had tried to capture Nadia over a hundred times, using every trick in the book, and this was not the first time Nadia had been hunted by Wysexxian warriors. 

Nadia crept naked through the rocks and trees, her body coated in a chameleon spell that made her almost invisible. She had discarded her clothes not because of her magic, but because a wyvern could track prey by smell as easily as it did by sight, and Nadia's clothes were soaked with perfume and sexual fluids. She masked her scent now by rubbing her naked skin with herbs and aromatic flowers, camouflaging her in more ways than one. 

Pussy followed close behind, the demon in the form of a swaggering little shadow.

"There's the bitch," Nadia whispered, seeing the knight making camp in a clearing. Her wyvern was resting nearby under some trees, its wings folded up like a leathery blanket. "I can't believe there's only one. And look at how young she is! Little slut must be fresh out of school."

The knight was indeed young, and beautiful. Nadia guesses she couldn't be more than 20 or 21. She was a little short but well proportioned, like the body of a dancer, with a thin waist and a curvy little ass, not to mention a pair of perky young tits that looked ready to just pop. Her hair was long and wavy, and shimmered so much that it really looked like gold instead of merely blonde. Nadia could see all of her because the Wyvern Knights wore less armor than a slut wore in a brothel. Two small triangles of mithril were all that covered her perky nipples, and her peachy little cunt was likewise cupped by a miniscule patch of metal hat curved up her tight butt-crack in a revealing thong. But she didn't need more armor than that Nadia knew, because the magical properties of mithril were enough to deter most spells and weapons with ease, and being such a rare substance it would have been wasteful to use more than what she wore. 

"You take the Wyvern," Nadia said to Pussy. "I'm going to ruin this little bitch." 

Confident enough to strut into the clearing were the knight was making camp, Nadia melted back into view. The cute little warrior looked up from the bed she was making to see a voluptuous woman with long auburn hair suddenly standing before her . . . and she looked pissed.

"Who-" the Wyvern-Knight began, but Nadia didn't let her finish. 

"Nymphoria sent you here to fail, slut." 

Nadia held her hand out and a crackling bolt of lightning shot out of it, shocking its way all along the young woman's lithe body. The knight screamed beautifully as her body was paralyzed with pain, the intensity of the lightning so great that her bikini-armor started to glow and her body was cast in blue light. The mithril was soaking up much of the magic, but not enough to save her. In a few second she was going to be unconscious, and Nadia would be free to humiliate her in every sadistic way she pleased . . . or her brains were going to burst out of her head like a giant penis ejaculating . . . whatever.

GGRRRRRRRR, the wyvern rumbled, leaping up to attack Nadia, but wyverns were slow on the ground, and a black shadow suddenly materialized in front of it, taking the form of a massive black panther, and the two beasts wrestled through the trees, leaving a trail of destruction.

Nadia snickered knowing Pussy was going to turn the beast into a new set of wyvern-skin boots, purses, and lingerie for Nadia . . . but that thought distracted her.

Nadia didn't see the knight pull a silver spear from the ground, one that was made of mithril. The knight held it up and the blade caught the lightning bolt, soaking it up like and neutralizing it.

"What-" Nadia gasped stupidly.

The young knight swung her spear and broke the spell, the feedback from which struck Nadia like a kick to her cunt. Stunned and wincing in pain, Nadia didn't see the roundhouse kick coming, not until the knight's high-heeled boot struck her in the side of the face. 

Nadia spun through the air and landed in a puddle of mud, her breasts jiggling like two massive molds of gelatin. The knight mounted her as a woman would a man, and raised the spear's razor-sharp point above Nadia's large breasts, aiming for the heart. Nadia was going to strike back first though, her first quickly turning into stone, so she could knock the bitch-knight senseless and then proceed to humiliate her in some painful, wonderful way.

"No!" a man yelled. A gruff, masculine, powerful man, his voice reverberating in the woman's chests like the music of a bass. "Liana, stop! Nadia, stop!"

Both of the woman looked up at the sound of their names, seeing an armored figure marching towards them, and to Nadia's shock he was being followed by the knight's wyvern and Pussy, who had reverted to the form of naked, flat-chested woman. Nadia didn't understand why they had stopped fighting, until she saw who the armored man was.

"Rhys?" Nadia gasped in her husky voice. "Rhys Faulkner?" 

#####

Rhys Faulkner was one of the few men Nadia had ever loved . . . in the genuine emotional sense. In the physical sense she had loved hundreds, most of whom she hated everything about other than there big muscles and bigger cocks. But Rhys was special. Like so many others, he had been sent to capture her when his king fell under the political and sexual power of Nymphoria, but after a long fight and even long sex-session he freed her. Rhys became an outlaw of course, banished from his own land, and he had done it all for Nadia. She loved that roguish, chaotic honor of his more than anything, but it didn't hurt that he was a scruffy stud-muffin with pectorals like a brick-wall and a cock like an iron ramrod either. Rhys was the man she thought about when fucking other less attractive men, and she came every time. 

The five of them sat around the camp in a circle like children out scouting: Nadia the very naked sorceress, still covered in mud; Pussy who was lounging in the form of a small black kitten; the lumbering wyvern which rested some distance off, teeth bared at Nadia; Liana Vilay the Wyvern-Knight; and Rhys Faulkner, the rogue knight, who stood over the two mud-splattered women like a stern father. Liana looked humiliated and shamed, Nadia just looked off in the distance, trying to act cool, but in reality Rhys 'tough guy' act was getting her wet. She hoped this was going to end in a spanking. 

"It wasn't my fault," Liana practically cried. "She . . . (sob) . . . she attacked me! I was only-"

"You overreacted!" Rhys shouted, and she shrank like a little schoolgirl who just got caught masturbating in class. "You were going for the death-blow when you could have used your spear's pommel to knock her out AND keep her alive for questioning. And you," he turned to Nadia, "what the holy fuck are you doing here?"

Nadia shrugged and smirked, trying to act cool. "Just looking for a big fat cock to sit on. Can you help me with that?" 

Rhys groaned and rubbed his forehead. "Holy hell, woman, you are going to kill me one day."

"Rhys?" Liana squeaked. "Do you . . . how do you know this awful woman?"

"Rhyyyyyys?"Nadia whined in a mocking, nasally voice, exaggerating the way Liana sounded. "How do you know this flat-chested, flat-assed, whiny little teen slut?"

"I'm 21 you old bitch!" Liana whined. "How old are you? 40? 50?"

Nadia didn't want to admit how old she was, so just snarled.

Rhys groaned again, realizing what a wonderful little shit-storm he had found himself in. "Liana, this woman is Nadia Méchant, sorceress, enchantress, conjurer, shaman, alchemist, outlaw, and my . . . um . . . 'special friend.' I'm sure you've heard of her."

Liana's big blue eyes were as large as saucers as she gasped. Of course she had heard of Nadia Méchant, the infamous witch and seductress. Nadia snickered, but she did not like at all the way Rhys had called her his 'special friend' rather than 'lover,' or even just 'fuck-buddy.' 

"Nadia, this is Liana Vilay of Wyssex, a recent graduate of the Wyvern Academy. Her mother and I are . . . um . . . 'special friends,' and I've agreed to mentor Liana for a few months out in the greater world as part of her training." 

(So you want to fuck this little cherry-girl like you did her mother, is that it Rhys?), Nadia wanted to say, but didn't. She didn't want to be a jealous prude and ruin her lover's chances with this tight little virgin, although she doubted Liana would prove much fun. A frail, inexperienced girl like her would probably pass out after one hour of getting pounded by a stud like Rhys. Rhys was a beast in bed, he could fuck a she-orc into a coma, he broke bed-frames like they were made of crackers, he ruined marriages, he ruined pussies, and he could do all that in the FIRST date. He didn't 'make love' to his women . . . he FUCKED them! Rhys was one of only a few people to have every truly defeated Nadia sexually, having once left her a crying, gushing, hot-mess barely on the edge of consciousness, broken after several days of a brutal marathon of sex. If he truly were to unleash the beast on this pathetic twig of a girl he would probably kill her . . . a thought that Nadia found very arousing. 

"So what are you doing all the way up here?" Nadia said, looking Liana over. She was very pretty, and young, and perky, and her lips looked like they were made of candy . . . but Nadia wasn't impressed. Nadia hated her. (Go ahead and fuck this bitch to death), Nadia though, (and let me help).

Rhys became very serious. "Well . . . I didn't want to drag Liana along on anything too dangerous, but this mission can't be ignored. We are hunting a young necromancer who has been raising all the dead for miles in many directions, building an army, and leading it here, to the old duchy in the mountains."

Nadia stood up so straight her large breasts jiggled on her chest. "Graf! You're looking for Graf!"

Rhys cocked on eyebrow. "You . . . you know this necromancer?"

Nadia bit her lip. "He's a former student of mine. Last summer I did a little seminar on demonology and took in a few more students than usual, about twenty or so. Graf was talented but . . . well . . . wanted more than I was willing to give him. He wasn't my worst student, so I didn't expel him, but he wasn't my best either, so I didn't give him any 'special rewards," by which she meant sex. Nadia loved fucking her students, the girls and the boys. "Then the little shit stole something very powerful from me and ran off. All this shit started about a week ago though, when he stated raising the dead."

Rhys looked shocked. We did everything bad in the world always come back to Nadia. "What did he steal?"

"An amulet," Nadia said. "Half of one anyway. It was broken when I got it. It is a very powerful charm that enhances its user's magic tenfold; unfortunately it does so at the cost of their sanity, which is why I never used the damn thing."

Now Rhys looked really shocked. "Nadia . . . does this amulet bear the image of a naked succubus, holding a scythe in one hand and a sword in the other?"

Nadia perked up again. "YES! Well, the half I owned only showed a naked bitch holding a sword. I've never seen the other half. How do you know about it?"

Rhys was grinding his teeth, something he only did when he was really upset. "Nadia, that amulet once belonged to the Countess Natalia von Nippel, the woman who ruled over the duchy Graf is heading into."

Nadia shrugged. "So?"

"So," Rhys said. "Natalia von Nippel was a necromancer herself, and she was the one responsible for the Great Plague. I know this because my great-great-great-grandfather was the man who killed her, and broke her evil amulet, taking one half with him, and leaving the other half in her coffin."
