 She went on for several minutes and I could just see the innkeeper hardening up. I rose from my seat, and taking the innkeeper by the shoulder, led him off to his bar. He started in on me about her and I told him she was a work in progress. He gave me a hard look and I just shrugged. I settled with him for dinner, the room, someone to take care of the horses we'd left at the hitching rail and went back to the Princess. Her Highness was a royal pain all through dinner, making disparaging remarks about the food and the clientele in general. Finally, I'd had enough.

"Princess, these are your people, are they not?" I queried.

"Yes... you can see how beaten they are by my stepmother's wicked ways."

I looked around as I had since we came to town but all seemed pretty happy to me, not withstanding the onslaught they'd just lived through. 

"Either way, Princess, you're not doing us any favors by insulting everything you see." I lectured her. "Everyone needs some dignity in their lives."

She just turned up her nose at me.

We finished dinner and she started to make another scene about getting a bath. I stopped her and said that after we were in our room I'd see about getting her a bath. After all, royalty didn't share their business with common folk. There was an audible sigh of relief as we left the common room.

We found our little maid and she took us upstairs to our room. She showed us in and told us the privy was around back. As she started to give directions the Princess slapped her. 

"I do not use a privy like commoners! Bring me a chamber pot that I may use."

As the maid started to cry I reached out and pulled her to me. I gave her a hug and knelt down to look at her face. It wasn't too bad. I pulled a silver coin out of my pouch and gave it to her. 

"Stand outside the door and listen. When she screams, peek in. But keep everyone else out." I whispered to the girl.

She looked at me and gave me a grin and a nod. And she scuttled out of the room, the Princess still yelling at her. I stood up and removed my weapons. As I set them out of reach of the bed the Princess realized that something was wrong.

"What are you doing?" She demanded.

"Princess, I've known you about five hours now. In that time I've clubbed two men, fought a duel and listened to you whine about everything. I agreed to help guard your person. I think the biggest threat to you currently, is you. Your father was entirely too lenient with you. I now propose to start remedying that situation." I stated.

"You will not!" She defied me, standing up to her full height.

"I think a spanking is long overdue." I said, starting for her. 

"NO!" She cried aghast.

There wasn't much room to run and I quickly caught her. I dragged her down to the edge of the bed so the maid would have a good view from the door and threw her over my knee. I intended a bare bottom spanking but I thought I'd better get the princess accustomed being spanked first. Putting my right hand in the middle of her back I began to spank her using my left. I wasn't holding anything back, either. This was going to be one of those spankings where it hurt me as much as it did her. I administered 50 swats to her. At some point she tried to reach behind her to protect her bottom and I pinned her arm behind her. After the fifty I flipped up her dress and chemise to reveal a very white bottom. As I started spanking this I heard her start to scream. The little maid opened the door a crack and looked in with this big smile. I winked at her and she covered her mouth, trying not to laugh. I heard people coming down the hallway as the maid looked behind her with a grimace and shut the door. I could hear the sound of soft voices talking outside the room and the door did open just a crack for the innkeeper to look, but he gave me a quick grin and shut the door quickly and no one else came in.