 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2018.

This story takes place 40 years after the Epilogue of Surfacing and expands on established characters and story. It was the most-requested story following the finale of my epic, and acts both as a simple side-story in this setting, and a prelude to the next epic.

This final part is the more involved one, and is taking longer to write. As I've also been sorting through a lot of RL which caught up to me, I decided to split the release of Part 4 in half. This is the first half (and the second is already a third done. :) )

Onward.

*****

The Surface Siblings

Part 4.1: Circle of Hunters and Prey

"I am a log?" Lunda asked in bewilderment, and Morix smiled without showing fang.

"The pigs should believe so." He nodded toward the deep water, balanced on the balls of his bare feet in a low crouch. His long tail curved around the base of the nearest tree. "Docile. Calm. Still. Everything you are not yet, but try anyway, Daughter. See how close you can get to them."

His Daughter looked out over the lake; the frequently-used drinking bank was clear to see, but the pigs were not. "Get close to what?"

"You'll hear them coming."

She took a step toward the water, talons sinking into soft earth. She stopped. "Come swim, too?"

Morix shook his head. "I am not hungry. I know you are."

Lunda looked pained. "I am not a log. I won't make it."

"Then catch what you can, above the surface or beneath. There's no one at the Tower to cook something else, and I have no kill to share."

The Dragonchild sighed, flexing clawed fingers with nerves. "Too much fish."

"Then catch some pig. Be patient. You won't starve before they come. You're too healthy."

With a pause and a nod, Lunda entered the water, fearless of anything that might be in it. The only fear, perhaps, was not catching a pig.

Morix watched over his child, barely moving for more than an hour as the impressions of his feet left deepening prints with the subtle shifts of weight. His Daughter did well, her silver head quietly submerging and reemerging with minimal ripples, her feet and tail remaining below without slapping the surface. She got closer to the opposite side and waited for her prey.

He heard the familiar grunting before she did, even at this distance, and he saw the large, startled ripple she made when her ears perked up just above the water. By the time the pigs reached the edge, so would those ripples. The six, dark sow with piglets were already warned, and they hesitated.

Lunda became impatient.

The shrill, deafening squeals of the porcine family bounced off the nearest mountain as the silvery-black hybrid bolted urgently out of the lake. She slipped and ripped up the watering bank with her claws as she morphed into a quadruped and attacked like a sprinting cat. The pigs had already dived into the green brush when Morix stood up, and all movement vanished from view. He could only hear the chase beyond. Even the piglets were making it hard on Lunda, no doubt using her size against her to squeeze into the forest's every crevice.

Morix chuckled and waited where he was.

Another hour later, Lunda limped back around the edge of the lake in her birth form, carrying a mangled, half-eaten piglet. She was covered in mud and there were twigs and burrs stuck in her hair. She looked baffled, not sated. Not proud. Morix waited for her to come to him. She slumped down in the grass, panting, and offered him part of the piglet.

"You eat it," he said.

He didn't have to say it twice; her pink teeth flashed as she tore in. He waited until she finished her hard-won meal before speaking again.

"What did you learn?"

Lunda pursed her lips. "Sow are...dangerous."

"Yes? How so?"

His Daughter turned her leg and showed him the bite wound on her thigh. It would have been deeper, but the teeth had first struck a patch of scales and then slid down to gouge her soft, Elven flesh. It did not seem the sow held on long.

"Sow are dangerous," he agreed. "Especially trying to eat her babies."

"I'm still hungry," Lunda complained.

"I'll help you hunt, Daughter. But first, imagine someone trying to eat you, or Wruzdi. What would happen if you were with your Mothers but I was not here?"

Lunda looked up and blinked at him. She started to smile. "They'd be...dangerous. Like sows. Or worse."

Morix motioned toward the few remaining, edible scraps on the ground. "But you still caught and ate a sow's baby. Destroyed its life and consumed it, as we must. Even dangerous creatures still have a predator when young."

She remained baffled but now a little concerned. "So? You mean...I am a piglet, not a log?"

Morix nodded.

"What wants to eat me?"

The To'vah paused, glancing up at the sinking Sun then to the lengthening shadows. "What do you Dream, Daughter?"

Lunda shook her head. "I don't. Wruzdi does."

"Both of you can Dream."

"I don't." She squinted. "I do... something..."

Morix tilted his head in careful curiosity. "What do you do when you sleep, if not Dream?"

Silver eyes left gold; she shrugged and looked down, scratching a meaningless scribble into the moist earth between the roots of their shade tree, all swirls and curves and loops. "I don't Dream. Not like you and the Wanderer, or Wruzdi. And you two don't Dream like my brother."

In a way that was alarming, but the young Dragon could take this as she spoke it, or assume she was mistaken, that she did not know. That she did not understand.

But I knew, even if I did not understand. Perhaps she simply doesn't have a name for it, yet. Not for her or for her nest-brother.

At least Morix knew there was a Word to be discovered, but it must be remembered first, as in the time when the half-breed Mourn had discovered Daratrix Svi'tra within the swirl of his rapidly-changing aura.

He had known Jael then, and yet he still did not understand; he had so much to learn about her. Even to this day.

"When is he coming back?" Lunda asked. "Wruzdi."

"Some time yet," her young Sire answered. "As many days as you have fingers, perhaps."

Lunda peered at the dirt-clogged talons tipping those grubby fingers, not so much counting them individually but judging the time by the whole. She looked back up. "You will bring him back?"

A nod. "I will bring him back, To'vah'hian. Him and the rest of your family."

Lunda smiled, sharp teeth stained pink with flecks of greyish-brown. She believed him. "Will you hunt with me, Sire? I'm hungry."

He returned her smile. "I shall hunt with you. Wash off the stains of your last one, and we shall begin anew."

****

Try to remember. Remember what I've forgotten.

Not on purpose. Never on purpose.

Much more than one. Many more. What are they? Where?

I'll find you.

"Wruzdi? You alright? Will you say something, please?"

Shut up! Quit distracting me.

Stop fearing silence so much.

Stop...

Regretting the spike of thoughts unspoken and the surge of blood which came with it, Wruzdi lifted his head to look at his cousin. She meant no harm, and he was just frustrated. That's what my sires would say.

"I'm alright, Natia," he said. "Did Eallo find the shapes you sensed?"

She plopped down onto the floor with him. He'd found a quiet utility room filled with useful tools. The gritty stone was cool, the room small and dark, but Taya had insisted the door remain open or she was going to tell on him. She probably did anyway; that must be how Natia found him so fast.

At least she didn't follow me in here.

Although as sisters went, Taya seemed to only want companionship from him. His whole life at the Tower, he still wasn't sure what Variset wanted. He knew what he wanted.

But he couldn't remember all that it was.

"He hasn't, I don't think," Natia answered the question Wruzdi forgot he asked. "But he believes me."

Who?

Wruzdi blinked.

Natia remained where she was, looking around the room. He waited for her to think of something to say.

"I better go check on Erek," she said, pushing herself to her feet and brushing off her hands and her bottom. She stepped so light he barely heard her.

"The fight is over," he murmured.

Natia stopped and turned. She swallowed. "Who won?"

Wruzdi shrugged, accepting he wouldn't get the time alone to remember. He stood up to follow her back outside, and Natia seemed relieved, putting her arm around his shoulders while touching her sword on her opposite hip. She couldn't draw it while she gave him a hug, but like Vekika, the gesture seemed to reassure. It reminded him to try for that weird taste again, the one that seemed to corrode the very end of his breath as he released it.

"The Rin'oveaus are still searching?" he asked.

Natia nodded patiently. "Perimeter check. There were always neighbors around our Grand Matron's plantation, but they're blocked by hills, walls, and shelves of stone. I don't know how far out the lands go now that they've added an entire second House as large as Aurenthin. There's a lot of new buildings going out past my Dark Sight, and I'm thinking they claimed some space from other Houses, so I don't really know the area anymore."

Wruzdi smiled a little. His cousin was nervous, or she wouldn't be chattering about something she thought he should know without checking if he did already. I've been listening. I'm not stupid.

But that was a tendency for most adults he knew who wanted him to talk. Matron Kennitha, at least, had studied him closely while he'd shown her his basic archery. She seemed to know he had a mind; she looked past his face and, although she spoke freely about anything that came to her, it was not nervous chatter. The elder female enjoyed making sly comments with the assumption he would follow her chain of thought, and it made him smile.

She is amused by boys, she likes them. Even Erek. Her own Daughters and Granddaughters try her patience more. 

"Wruzdi! There you are!"

The loud exclamation, of course, came from Erek, although a smiling Taya was close behind with a few other Auren'Thalls following. Wruzdi sighed to himself as they eventually surrounded him and Natia, asking needless questions he didn't really focus on—Taya and Erek fielded those—and he glanced up and beside him. His older cousin had her chin up as she scanned the fenced area again, on watch and perhaps looking for Eallo or another Rin'oveaus.

There's that taste again. It made him wrinkle his nose and run his tongue along the roof of his mouth.

"What? Someone pass air?" Erek asked, sniffing.

"Only you, puffed-up bua," Vekika elbowed him, and Taya giggled.

"Hah, that's nothing," the Wilder challenged, then exaggerated a grimace and grunted.

A blare burst behind him, startling several youths and Taya and Natia both covered her nose and mouth while Vekika stumbled, nearly fell down laughing with several other caits.

"Nicely done, Erek," Natia grumbled, even as she chortled, waving her hand at the air and pushing the offending rump away.

Wruzdi kept his mouth closed, smiling and waiting for any questioning to pass over, as it always did. He noted that guards around them were annoyed, glancing their way and distracted by the hyper cluster of children.

The kids aren't normally this loud. They're testing Wilder boundaries.

The adults had said, multiple times, excessive noise draws predators in the Deepearth, but any of those must come in a far way in from the border to reach this bouncing group of youths. They felt safe enough to try something different, and Wruzdi would have, too, if not for the bitter tang on his breath.

As Natia removed her arm from his shoulders, he felt Taya take his hand, entwining their fingers. He glanced at her.

"What is it, brother?" she asked. "You look far away."

"I'm here," he answered.

I always have been. There's much more my Mother and Fathers have yet to teach me.

****

*So they dropped their faces at last, eh?* Rausery signed to her Head of Bloodsvrin after hopping a few circles to reach them out in the wilderness.

*Moria and Rewen, for certain,* Eyin answered solemnly. *Civy'el just missed his check-in, presumed to be another. We're tracking them back to Sivaraus.*

The General mouthed a silent but virulent curse, scowling in the direction of the deep thrum of the Great Cavern. *Well-timed.*

Eyin smiled grimly. *I think you flushed them sooner than they would have liked, General.*

*Yeah, using my Surface family as the bait. Shouldn't have worked this well if it wasn't something they wanted badly. Don't know why, though.*

*Oh?* The Head smirked as if suspecting. *Did anything unusual happen last eve, General?*

Rausery narrowed her eyes. *A feast and a dance, some blended Elven magic, made some music. Why?*

*Some of us could sense that in the Core, I think. The three missing now were on edge all cycle. Said some strange things, like a leigevrin.*

*Ah. Of course.*

*So, where's Jaunda?*

Rausery jerked her head once. *Not here. She didn't follow orders.*

Eyin frowned. *She didn't? What about Xalli?*

*Sent her after Jaunda. Why these fuckers are moving now, I think.* The elder Elf's gesture was displeased but bound to the inevitability. 

*Can D'Shea call her?*

*Yeah, but she's at the Archives. Want to leap the rings for me, Eyin?*

*As you wish, General.*

*Get a report from Commander Vian, too. Meet me in the center of the trouble, wherever it ends up.*

Eyin nodded. *Yes, General.*

Rausery's hard eyes swept the massive, silent group surrounding them. Most were standing but some clung to the walls or sat on ledges, and all of them had watched and read the whole time. Without being told, they each made the singular, Elven sign.

Mind-Body-Will. 

If a Dark Elf did it right—and no one became a Bloodsvrin these times without doing it right—a subtle glow lit their fingernails, showing the colors of their aura even in darkness regardless if they were a trained mage or not. The color of that brief blink was important, Rausery and D'Shea had always known that, but they were constantly learning something new about those they led. Rausery only had an instant to judge the intent of seventy Bloodsvrin, and the only difference was the indescribable feeling on the back of her tongue.

This time, that bitter tang just wasn't there. Not with those three now gone.

Sometimes it takes the successful mimics to know what had been there the whole time.

*Good, my Sisters and Brothers. The Dissanguine are wearing your Siblings' faces. You know who they are now, so let's gain on them. Teams Two, Four, Seven, straight as an arrow. The rest of you sweep and clear as you go.*

*Yes, General.*

Rausery turned and surged forward, her dark red cloak billowing up and sweeping to the side. She left an easy fifty Bloodsvrin to scour these passageways on the far side of Sivaraus, with her best twenty directly behind her. They needed all their endurance, both physical and magical, to close the gap with the infiltrators.

Abundant bootsteps surged swiftly through the tunnels, the scent of the Abyss now in the noses of the Sivaraus elite. Rausery knew Blue Eyes might be annoyed not being given a warning earlier, but that was why Qivni was with her, and the General already had a mess of examples that the fast-matured, former-Sister could handle anything thrown at her.

Threaten our family, and you're in for a rough revenge fuck once we catch you in the open.

****

Eventually, Natia peeled her charges away from the larger cluster of caits, if only because it was exhausting with Erek on permanent, full-ruff display around so many prodding females looking for easy entertainment, which he was only too happy to give them. It took work, but she managed enough excuses and found enough stern, older females willing to give the young trainees tasks and get them off her back.

"You don't have to try to impress them every instant," Natia said when she at last had only Vekika and Taya with her two buas on the far side of the garden. "Trust me, Erek, they know who you are now and won't forget any time soon."

The Wilder, smug and pleased with the acknowledgement, managed to dim the figurative light as he reconsidered the last half-mark or so. The kid finally remembered. "Where's Mother?"

"I told you that already."

"No. Why is she not back?"

Natia rolled her eyes on a sigh. "I don't know. I'm not there. I'm here, with you, in case you haven't noticed."

The bua shrugged. "I thought Aunt Sirana would send message. Or Patre." He looked at Wruzdi in question. "Well?"

The quiet male shook his head in the negative. "Nothing."

"Patre?" Vekika interjected. "Who is that?"

Erek looked both proud and like he anticipated yet more attention. "My Human Father."

"The Godblood," Wruzdi added on a murmur. "Erek calls him Ilharn."

Both caits reacted, their eyes becoming large enough for Erek to laugh.

"But he's going to die soon," Taya said.

The brown Elf's laugh guttered. "So? Shut up, Taya."

"Erek," Natia warned. "That's rude."

Wruzdi glanced at the darkening expression on Erek's face and spoke directly to his half-sister, managing a less incendiary tone than his brother. "So is saying Uncle Willven's lifespan makes him an unworthy Ilharn."

"That's not what I said!" Taya blurted.

"But that's what Erek heard. Erek says 'Father,' you say 'death.' So does every Matron here. Erek and I are both tired of hearing it, and we have not been visiting long."

Taya's mouth pinched shut and she looked at the ground for a second or two. "I meant no insult. I've...never seen an old body like his before."

Natia blinked, seeing clearly how much Qivni's Daughter cared what Wruzdi thought of her. In contrast, Vekika scowled at them.

"What?" she said. "So we can't just say what we really think? We have to mute ourselves for Erek's 'feelings'? Bah, he's tougher than that!"

"He sure is," Natia interjected, "and no, you never had to 'mute' anything. You've all said it, and no one stopped you. Willven even acknowledged it at dinner to everyone. I think Wruzdi is saying once is enough. It's not going to change, and you can learn something new about it, not repeat it as a thought-block in any discussion."

Sirana's younger sister scratched her chin, thinking it over, then smirked a little at Taya. "Thought-block. I like that. Think your Mother has a lot of those. You learn from her."

Taya scowled back. "Yes, 'Kika, so you've said. Many times."

"See?" Erek couldn't resist, starting to smile again, and Wruzdi did, too.

"Fine," Taya sighed, talking to the Wilder. "So why is the Godblood like an Ilharn?"

Natia didn't hear the answer when she noticed her cousin's smile vanish as Wruzdi turned his head toward the wilderness, a quarter-circle away from the direction their parents had gone. He looked like he'd eaten a bitter mushroom.

Back again.

Natia kept her focus on Wruzdi this time instead of being tempted to follow his gaze. Calling on a modestly growing aura of magic, she let her eyes relax, using what her shadow-jumping Mother and the shapeshifting Wilder had taught her. The adolescent felt her peripheral gaze sharpen, sensitive to movement and color, if not detail. Magic color and movement, especially.

Three. Glimpse of red.

Wet, like blood.

"Eallo?" Natia called, lifting her voice. "Rin'oveaus?"

