 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2018.

This story takes place 40 years after the Epilogue of Surfacing and expands on established characters and story. It was the most-requested story following the finale of my epic, and acts both as a simple side-story in this setting, and a prelude to the next epic.

The character interactions are "king" in this section. I cannot claim there is a ton of action here, but these conversations and meetings are crucial for the events coming in Parts Three and Four, which will definitely have more action.

The Surface Siblings 

Part Two: Return to Sivaraus

Over four decades ago, a three-century-old inn at Yong-wen concealing core doings of the Guild had been compromised by a Dragon Son's final Awakening. With the partial To'vah Hoard which had once been there now moved, and with the Guild Gate sealed and yet to be rebuilt considering the expense of reviving the one at Gavin's Tower, Morixxyleth could choose the Gates at either Manalar or Taiding. Whichever he chose would be the "launch" city to take them to Sivaraus.

"It was going to be Manalar," Morix said now to Sirana, "to request the Godblood's aid in protecting memory of my Daughter. With the change of plan and him going with us, I see little reason not to launch from Taiding."

His Kiabil nodded thoughtfully. "Think Rodge and Ragura will meet us?"

"For certain. As I prepare for our Citywalk, they will enjoy seeing Natia on her way through."

Sirana's smile was both warm and saddened. "First time Talov won't be there to greet us."

"We made good on our time while he was with us."

"I know. He was... just a good teacher for lost, exiled Dark Elves."

Morix smiled fondly. "I remember."

"I wouldn't have minded Wruzdi and the others having the chance to know him better." 

"Such teachers will always be brief and personal, Sirana. Wruzdi and Variset may discover some of their own, as Natia has."

"What about Erek?" She paused." I suppose he has Willven."

The To'vah nodded but his smile turned sly as he eyed her. "This, and I believe he has already discovered a strange teacher from whom he wishes to learn."

Sirana quirked a white brow. "What? Me?"

Morix nodded. "This is no surprise to you."

She sighed. "I suppose not. Maybe when Willven can't travel here anymore, I can pick up where he left off."

"Agreed. The Humans' time is short."

Those words returned more than once in the attempts to everyone together. Nerves and anticipation ran high, excuses to delay or genuine lapses of memory were common, and at one point, Sirana was counting to ten in the Gate Room, which was now pitch black. They were testing the Dragon pearls now semi-permanently fixed to the earlobes of their three pale travelers which would allow them to see in the dark. 

"This is amazing. You all see like this? There's barely any color. Maybe blue and purple, if I squint."

Most of the Dark Elves nodded. "This is how we see," Sirana confirmed. "The energy you detect now, we call 'Radiants'." 

"Uh-huh. And Morix can track us with these?" Erek asked.

"If necessary," the Dragon assured them. "But I cannot hear you or spy on you."

"As you've given your Word, To'vah," Willven said, mostly for Tamuril's benefit as she held tightly to his arm, "and we appreciate it greatly."

Willven, Tamuril, and Erek moved up and down the stairs a few more times, calling light or sparking real fire to see how their eyes responded. More than once, they flinched in pain, and Sirana had a chance to see how she had often appeared to them in Sunlight. Yet the deep room which hid the Guild's Gate inside the old Dwarven fortress was filled with noise enough to where, had they been in the Underdark already, they'd attract predators from all around.

"Stop picking at it," Vari told Erek now as he pulled at the milk-yellow pearl. "You want to lose it?"

"I won't lose it," the Wilder boy replied. "This is what Morix used on Aunt Sirana at the last battle of Manalar. She had to cut her earlobe off and bleed for a chain devil."

Tamuril looked disturbed by the reminder while her son sounded far too intrigued by it.

"It was a Chenkyte, not a devil," Gavin refined, leaning on his staff and waiting to open the Gate as Mai stood beside him, straight and patient, her hands folded in front. "An important difference."

Erek scratched at the magical pearl like it itched. "Yeah, shadow creatures. Kind of like Aunt Karulin?"

"Not really," Karulin denied ruefully with a wry grimace. "I don't claim to 'rule' the Plane of Shadows by practicing 'Art.'"

Erekstil nodded, although he clearly didn't understand what she meant; it flew right past him. 

"Are we ready?" Jael began. "Can we try being quie—?"

Lunda leaped too early into a farewell embrace, toppling her unprepared Mother, who grunted and griped.

"Lunda, you're too big for that now! Get off!"

"Sorry, Mother!"

Sirana added to the noise, blurting a laugh before covering her mouth, as the Dragonchild jumped off her petite, Elven parent. Lunda slipped easily enough into her Sire's arms next, hiding her silver eyes with embarrassment.

"You are staying, Welundona," Morix reminded her, stroking her iron-grey hair, which shone almost like a reflective mirror in the dark. "Do not try to follow. I will return soon, and I have much I want to show you. Do you understand?"

Lunda nodded, much calmer than she had been several days ago, and looked over to Wruzdi, who hadn't spoken or smiled since they got down here. The bestial girl in woods-tattered clothing stepped over to the cleaner, better-dressed boy about to visit his important family, and Lunda wrapped arms around him without a hint of doubt that she might be refused. She wasn't; Wruzdi clung back as she squeezed him, and Sirana could read his lips as he whispered in Lunda's Elven-shaped ear.

"I won't forget you for long."

Lunda wasn't concerned about this, although she briefly licked his cheek in acknowledgment. Erek's farewell to her next involved their most recent, competitive slap to the hands, a pattern which only the two had worked out, and send both of them into giggles. Variset offered a perfunctory hug to the other female, about to escape before Lunda slowed her sister's retreat, giving another squeeze and compressing the lungs of the smaller scholar against her.

"Alright, alright!" Vari wheezed before she pulled away and reached out to accept Auslan's offer for a hug next; he was very gentle as she caught her breath.

"Lunda doesn't know her own strength," Shyntre commented to no one in particular, although Vari looked at him and grunted.

Sirana privately agreed. It seemed every day she had hints what Morix might have looked like during his young life with his Aunt-Matron, among the Dark Elves of Vuthra'tern. She knew she wasn't the only one glad that their Dragon Daughter didn't have to go through the same brutal introduction he did. Morix and Lunda were only half a millennium apart in age, almost nothing in Dragon-Years when Sirana thought about it, and the size and development of Father and Daughter at similar ages might be comparable. Yet there could not be more contrast in the noise and open delight shown by Morix's Daughter while exploring her surroundings, compared to Commander Vian's tales of her own wary, silent, and solemn Dragonchild.

Lunda's innocence and developing mind was clear to see while, back in her Sire's time, it would be another several decades before Vian even realized that "Mourn" was still a child. In this regard, Sirana's own son, Wruzdi, had more in common with Morixxyleth than the current Dragonchild of the Ley Tower. Wary, silent, solemn; it was much harder to tell where Sirana's son stood in his maturity, young as he was.

Now I'm taking him down to a similar place. May nothing terrible happen, and I can protect him.

"Unless you have forgotten something else," Gavin said now, reaching out with his wraith-like fingers to touch the subtle runes in what seemed to be boring, solid stone, "I think it best you make your way to Taiding before Winter returns."

Erek snickered.

Sirana noted the Herald also took position to be between the Gate and Lunda, who was crouching alone against the wall and starting to pout again.

"The Wanderer is outside, my Daughter," Morix said, "if you need company until I return."

Lunda perked up and nodded but also glanced at Wruzdi and Erek again, who each waved with contrasting levels of enthusiasm.

"The Dwarves have answered," Gavin announced. "I am opening the Gate."

*****

Rodge's deep voice exploded.

"There she is!"

Natia found herself lifted off the ground into a bear hug from the black-bearded Tundar. 

"Look how ye've grown!"

"Yeek!" the young Elf squealed as she was twirled around. "Uncle, whoa! I'm still—gah! I'm gonna be sick!"

"'Saright! Nothin' stains these Dwarf-kin leathers!"

Karulin guffawed first, with Willven, Sirana, and Jael laughing aloud in the sound-proofed Gate Room beneath Baradum Hall. Ragura the Midwife was grinning, her plump cheeks red beneath her fire-orange hair, her plump chest resting atop strong forearms. She stepped forward to clasp hands with the grown females first, then nodding with mutual respect to Shyntre and Morix, before accepting the hug which Auslan openly invited. Tamuril sighed in relief to receive a genuine hug from the Midwife as well, and Willven bent over and kissed her work-rough hand like she was a Manalar Lady.

"Good tah see family comin' through," said the Midwife, "though wasn't expecting tah see ye three."

"Ah, yes, well," Tami murmured, "it was a last-moment decision."

"Interestin'. Nice tah see yer bravin' a few cities like yer sister." Ragura reached out to her left to rap her brother on his bulky shoulder with her knuckles, interrupting his chat with Karulin about the construction of Natia's new, blue outfit. "Oi! Craft-talk can wait a bit, 'tis my turn, Rodge."

"Sure thing. Better make mah own rounds. Hiya, Druid! Magicept! Or is it back to Knight Captain?"

The man shook his head. "This trip, I'm content with Willven, Polvar Baradum."

"Pah. Only if ye call me Rodge."

"Will do, Rodge."

Meanwhile the Midwife enjoyed a calmer hug with Natia, the first Elf child she'd ever seen and gotten to know, and followed that up with an equally warm embrace for the first infant Elf she had ever helped deliver with her own hands. Wruzdi smiled to see her, returned the affection, and Ragura let Erek and Vari come to her after a simple invite, which they both accepted. Finally, Ragura surveyed them all critically as though gauging their strength, weight, and coloring all at once while Rodge exchanged greetings with the other adults.

"Doin' well after last Winter, eh?" she asked, focusing more on the Elf healer among them.

"Very well," Auslan reassured her. "We work together and are gaining new hunters now, and the garden has been plentiful. Your peoples' wares seem built to last for all time, Midwife. The craft is astonishing to me."

Rodge and Ragura grinned near-matching smiles, very pleased to hear this. Forty years was more than enough to build up any number of tools and wares needed, but the fact that so few had to be replaced, despite their constant use, was notable. This last Winter was one of five sprinkled over the years where a mid-Winter trade session with the Guild had not been necessary.

Food and refreshment had already been set up for the large family in an adjoining room. Although more of Talov's family was there and ready to eat, most of the new arrivals had to wait for their appetites to come back first. Jael and Sirana briefly touched based with current events with Morix listening in, his Kiabil appearing quite official in her modified leathers and cloak. Once entirely red, a gift Lethrix had brought her after birthing Wruzdi and which she had worn to find her missing lovers and confront Mazdek in the Red Desert, now her colors were black and grey with red.

Karulin and Natia visited with familiar, Dwarven faces they'd known years ago, who now stood alongside a couple new ones. Several others sidled curiously to inspect the Elf children of the Tower, as well as the nervous, blonde Noldor and her aged, Human escort. Erek readily chattered with some of the young Dwarves, even as he began bouncing on his feet like he wanted to run around. Variset and Wruzdi stayed close to Shyntre and Auslan, quiet and observing.

It didn't take long for one of the young, beardless males eyeing the pretty Pale Elf and the older man beside her before he exclaimed, "Break me cart in twain, yer the Godblood of Manalar!"

Willven smiled and bowed humbly, saying nothing, although the room quieted as stocky, well-dressed relatives glanced among each other. Then Rodge growled, "Yer only payin' attention now, Hubric? Need a couple more tests in the Spot Room, do ye?"

"It is well, Rodge," Willven said. "I am not dressed to be recognized. I am surprised Hubric recalled me just on the strength of his memory. He's only been to Manalar a few times, yes?"

"Four, last score o' years," Hubric said proudly, sandy-brown curls poking out from beneath his sea hat, his clothing built for travel. "Gettin' itchy feet, so I might take after me great-great-grandfather Talov fer the first profession."

"He says that," Ragura commented, "'cept no one'll ever find what he did in Yung-An."

"I know that," Hubric replied. "Doesn't mean I won't find something worthwhile."

"Never said you wouldn't. Just no Baradum's been born gonna be 'like' Great Uncle Talov ever again."

The mature, red-headed Dwarf sounded wistful, and at that same time, a quiet instance of remembrance passed before the eating and conversation started up again. 

Unbeknownst to any but Sirana and Jael, Morixxyleth had settled back out of the way, and the rest seemed to have forgotten there was a Dragon among them. He took the widest, strongest chair available and sat, wingless and relaxed, his long tail curled around in almost a complete circle. Morix closed his eyes, tilted his head back, allowing the energy and bustle of the ancient, Dwarven trade city of Taiding seep beneath his scales.

The To'vah knew the place very well, with all its productive sounds and established scents, maintained with considerably less change than Manalar these past four hundred years and more. He had returned many times since Talov had led his two strange partners here to begin their planning, to make someplace among Humans and Dwarves where a lost and lonely Noldor and a pain-shy Dragonchild could make a new life among the younger races.

Perhaps not out in the open, but we made a home again.

Talov had said he would help them; with care only for their well-being, he had brought them out of the wilderness. Still clinging to his given name, Mourn, the exile from the Underdark had never been in a city not his Aunt's before; he had never explored a densely populated place which had not been owned by the Abyss. The Dragonchild had discovered that he liked the cities more than the wilderness.

He had a preference. And it changed him for the better.

Morixxyleth appreciated the pure city of Taiding, how the scents tasted, how they felt upon his lavender tongue. Even as the much-larger Augran would gain in importance and activity for his growing Guild, Taiding was always the steadfast retreat where the Tundar were always making things. Creating things.

Beautiful and strong things which tastes of their essence, made for the To'vah whether they realized it or not. 

Following Mourn's "stealing" years with Graul on his shoulder encouraging him, much of what had been added to Mourn's Hoard had come out of Taiding through bargains and games. Other methods Talov and Krithannia had taught him. His Shadow Drake's impulses had leaned toward filching, given the opportunity; this was how the beasts survived belowground, so this never truly faded from Mourn's repertoire, either. But Graul had enjoyed the games as well, and even learned to work alongside his Maekrix, to earn those larger gifts as payment, without inviting resentment and repercussion on their companions.

This changed the very song of my Hoard, the way it spoke to me. New strengths, new lessons in my Dreams. New paths.

Talov had no idea how much he had been helping a young Dragonchild in teaching him what the Tundar knew about crafts, about treasure, about trade. Krithannia could not have taught young Mourn any of this, though she taught him many other things about magic and mystics, language and history. And, when he was ready, she was there to teach him about sex.

Talov provided the first balance between myself and my world, myself and the Yun-gar, the Tundar.  Morix was grateful for his Kiabil's insight, that Sirana would say she missed Talov as a teacher and wished he could go on for her son. We'll carry this with us, Talov. Even down to Sivaraus.

Merely thinking the name of the Valsharess' City struck a different pattern in his aura, even as he harmonized easily with Taiding. To Walk to the next place, to go from the Hill Dwarf center to the former Dragon's Lair, to stand among the Baenar within the place they built beneath the yoke of the Abyss, he must find the common thread between the two starkly different cities. He must find something that would be the same, even briefly, within him; he must Know both places at once, in one Word.

Sometimes the Word could change, and he would search for it again. Or sometimes, such as now, he had simply never made the connection before. Regardless, Morixxyleth always refined his technique, and knew his Sire expected him.

*****

Wruzdi looked around for Morix and missed him the first time his eyes scanned the room; he focused on Jael at the eating table. Then Sirana's boy tried again and found the spot where the meditating To'vah sat. He began walking straight for him.

Uh-oh.

Sirana cut him off, putting her red gloves on his small shoulders and turning him toward the drink table. He drew no attention with a verbal protest, but he showed his frustration and signed, *Why not?*

*Morix concentrates,* she replied. *He connects with Miurag. He is 'forgotten' by the others for a reason, but you will make others see him.*

*He's been Awake for three days,* Wruzdi signed, ignoring her observation. *How long will he be with us in Sivaraus before he returns to Lunda?*

Sirana shook her head once, sternly. *Does it matter? You will do fine without him, and you will see him again. You know both these things.*

Her son tightened his mouth considerably but kept his hands still as Jael eased up to them, looking between their faces. She had been watching their hands. The Daratrix smiled down at her nephew, her face still young as when she had been picked for the Sisterhood, yet her copper eyes now shone metallic, something she had in common with Wruzdi.

"Morix says he'd like to stay the first eve in Sivaraus," she said, "to see us settled in. Maybe have some food, as he will be hungry. He won't be staying long because it is still Lethrix's territory."

"Will Lethrix come to visit?" Wruzdi asked.

Jael shrugged. "Probably, but he does what he wants. No promises, nephew."

Sirana nodded. "This is a meeting of Elves, and a few odd Psions. The To'vah aren't supposed to hold our hands, and there will be many others who want to meet you. Try to pay some attention to who they are, for your own sake."

Wruzdi looked between the two, each wearing a customized uniform based on Red Sister design but now unique to them. Both wore a base of black leather with curls of color and trim about them; Jael's was purple and trim of gold, and Sirana's was grey with trim of red. Jael's gloves were purple, Sirana's red; their boots black with the appropriate trim. Both opted for a sturdy black cloak.
