 She stiffened, but took his advice and curtsied. She was amazed when she heard the guards whisper to each other. They were truly impressed with the respect she showed the Queen. The Captain presented an arm, the Queen accepted, and in no real order their party left the cavern to Selene and her summoned warrior. Calico turned to look at Selene, a slight smile upon his lips. 

"So, Princess. When we are done, can you send me home from anywhere, or will we have to return to this cave?" 

"Well," She stammered. "I really can't send you back."

"I see." He said, thinking about it. "So you escaped from your wicked stepmother, got your entire guard killed and kidnapped me from my world to fight a battle against overwhelming odds, only to imprison me here forever?"

"It won't be that bad. When we succeed, you'll have your pick of women. And there are worse places to live than Dossray." She sniffed at him.

"Well, princess, you did summon a guardian rather than a warrior, did you not?"

She didn't quite follow this, but nodded. "I had indeed summoned someone to guard me. And to guard my realm." She said.

"And your realm..." He nodded.

He helped her pack up the things she'd brought into the cave and they headed outside.

--------------------------------------------

As I helped the princess pack her possessions I had a little time to reflect on the day. I'd been at an SCA event when this purple light flared up around me. I'd been pulled into a corridor and as I walked down this corridor of light, I came to a man assaulting a woman. I'd put a stop to that, and then had the first real sword fight of my life. I've been doing rapier in SCA tournaments for years, but this had been different and I'd refused to kill. When I was helping the Captain up he'd whispered to me that the princess needed a parent and maybe I could supply that for her. I'd wondered what he meant until I found that she couldn't send me back. She was willful and didn't care about anyone besides herself. When she became Queen, she'd be a terrible one. She needed to learn to recognize the consequences of her actions and what they would mean to not only the people immediately involved but her realm as well. So my job was not only to protect her but to make her a queen fit to rule. That was a tall order for the son of a preacher man.

As we finally exited the cave we found two horses waiting for us. Both horses were huge. One was obviously a trained war horse and black as midnight. The other, a Clydesdale or whatever they called those here was a gray. The princess claimed the warhorse without a thought. It didn't look any too happy to see her either. I tied the baggage onto the Clydesdale and mounted up. Truth to tell I was pretty happy with this turn of events. I can do almost anything with a car, but I've only been on a horse four times in my life. 

Tied to the saddle of my Clydesdale was a pouch that clinked. It was tied with a calico ribbon so I'm sure the Captain knew who would be on which horse. I owed him one.

The princess took the lead and led us in an easterly direction. We had traveled a couple of hours with her not really talking much when we came to a town. It seemed like a nice little place. I was very happy to see as it my butt was already hurting. I don't know how they designed saddles here and now, but they sucked. The cantle road halfway up my back and the seat itself was flat. 

We walked our horses into town and the Princess led us right up to what was obviously an inn. The sign on it had only a happy pink dragon...no writing at all. We secured our mounts to a rail and went in. The innkeeper came bustling up and asked us what we would have. The princess ordered some meat and asked for the best room in the house. The innkeeper set us up at a table and sent a maid to see to our room. The maid looked all of twelve years old.

When the innkeeper brought our food he asked for payment. The Princess hit the roof. Nobody ever asked a princess to pay for something, ever.