 The Captain started laughing again. "Very well, then, shall we go a few rounds?"

"As you wish, Captain. First blood? Or something a bit more strenuous?"

The Captain arched his eyebrows at this. "Are you offering me a way out, or do you require one yourself?"

Calico gestured at the men he'd downed.  "None of them are dead, Captain. I see no need to kill here. I also find a first touch event to require more skill than a killing event."

The Captain looked around, nodding slowly. "I win, and the princess goes home. You win, and you're both free to go."

"I accept, Captain." And with one fluid lunge, Calico tried to end the fight. 

The Captain barely managed to parry in time and it was on. The Captain was a lithe man and quick on his feet, where as Calico was slower but he had truly impressive hand speed. Time and again one would get the advantage over the other only to be parried at the last instant. They would both advance and retreat, looking for openings. They went back and forth around the cavern twice and then it happened. A pebble rolled under the Captain's foot and he went down in a pile of madly waving arms and legs.

Selene really thought it was over then, but Calico calmly stepped forward and offered his hand to the Captain. The Captain looked surprised but let Calico help him to his feet. As the Captain stood up he offered Calico a smile. Something Selene had, until now thought him incapable of.

"You had me there, brother knight. Why did you not press your advantage?"  Queried the Captain.

Calico gave out a hearty belly laugh. "Captain, this is an honorable combat. Part of our knightly code is to not take advantage. In war, the Earthly hinge that swings the fate of kingdoms, we take no advantage so that we can know God's will. I see your kingdom's future will be decided here. So while I will beat you, I won't take unfair advantage."

"And if it were unfair combat?"

"Well, then, my good Captain, it might get a lot more interesting. Especially since we are so evenly matched."

The Captain paused for a second. "And if I take unfair advantage?"

Calico grinned. "Is that a warning?"

"I wish it was." The Captain grunted and swung his blade in a glittering arc.

Calico leaned back and the blade missed his throat by a finger's width. He straightened up and before the Captain could recover, poleaxed him with a shot between the eyes. The Captain went down, blood gushing from his nose.

Selene was pretty amazed at the swiftness of his actions. He must have been waiting to pull that off. She was even more surprised when he again leaned forward and held out his hand to the Captain. There didn't seem to be an ounce of ill will in him.

The Captain squinted at his proffered hand and, grinning despite himself, allowed Calico to help him up. The Captain seemed to have weak knees for a moment as he sagged into Calico. Selene saw the Captain's lips move and Calico's startled look and swift glance at her. She couldn't hear what was said, but knowing her stepmother and the Captain, it wouldn't be good.

The Captain called for his medics and they did something with his nose that seemed to stanch the bleeding. Then, with a look, he gathered his men and set them to gathering the dead bodies. All headed for the door. They stopped only long enough for the Captain to pick up his wounded and to confer with the Queen. Selene thought she'd be furious at the Captain but she seemed very concerned for him. She glanced at Selene, took a long look at Calico and nodded to the Captain.

The Captain turned and in a loud voice asked. "Do you stand as her guardian for the duration of your stay?"

Calico shot Selene a hard look. "The deeper meaning in that question cuts to the quick. If you mean will I stand in loco parentis’ yes I will. How much of a head start will you give us?"

Selene was surprised when her stepmother answered. "I do not think I could find a better guardian than you, sir. You have our leave to wander the world and see what you will."

Calico bowed deeply to her and gave Selene another look.

"Show respect to the position, if not the person, Princess. As you treat the Queen others will notice and so treat you one day." He whispered.