 By this time the Princess' bottom was getting very red. She started sobbing and whined that she'd be a good girl. Well this wasn't the first bottom I'd spanked. If I let her up just because she said she'd be good, then she'd try to beg off every spanking with those words. She needed to know that somebody cared enough to invest the time and effort into her. She got that from me in spades. Her bottom was showing white spots when I let her up. But in true daddy-daughter fashion I didn't send her to a corner immediately. I sat her on my lap and held her while she cried, letting her feel my love. 

As her tears started to subside I gave her another lecture, a softer one this time.

"Now, Selene, you can't be putting yourself first. These are your subjects and their welfare comes first in your mind. You are a servant to all, and when you're queen, you will be held responsible for all that passes in your lands. If you are haughty, people will hate you. If you are unfeeling, your subjects will suffer and feel anger towards you. Fealty is a two way street. You agree to listen to their issues and to do what is best for all. They agree to accept that you work for the common good and support you in that goal...using their time, money and services."

Selene looked at me with tear streaked cheeks. "That sounds just like what my father used to say."

"Well, he failed to instill those values in you, didn't he?"

She nodded.

"Okay, we're going to spend some time doing that. Tomorrow we are selling your entire collection of princess gear and buying you some servant clothing."

She sat up indignantly at this. But I put a finger over her lips.

"You are going to learn to be a better person. I will teach you as we go and you will be disciplined when you are naughty. I will help you become the queen your father wanted you to be."

She nodded and knelt before me, putting her hands together.

"I, Selene do hereby swear fealty to you, Calico, until such time as you discharge me from your service."

I was surprised by this but I knew how to answer this plea. I clasped my hands over hers. "I, Calico, hereby except your fealty, and will strive to learn from you as much as I teach. I now take you as my squire until such time as I release you or one of us dies."

She looked up with a smile on her tear stained face. 

"Okay, first and foremost while in my service, you will not be known as Princess. You will be just simply, Selene. You will do every task I assign you to the best of your ability, and if you don't, you will be punished. Any questions?"

She shook her head no.

"Okay, girl, get up and remove that princess garb. I'm going to give you some time to think about all that has transpired today. I want you naked and with your nose in that corner. You won't move when the maid or anyone else comes in or I will spank you again right in front of them. Understood?"

"Yes, Sir!" She said standing up and disrobing. 

She was a beautiful sight naked. It made me very sorry I was her guardian and not her lover. She went and stood in the corner, her hands gingerly rubbing her bottom. I opened the door and there stood my little maid. I motioned her in and, as she stepped inside, she stopped and just looked at Selene standing in the corner, rubbing her sore bottom.

I let her look for a minute as I gathered up all the clothing. 

"Here, girl, concentrate or you'll end up right next to her." I said this in a light voice but it snapped her attention to me.

"Take this out and have it washed. Also, if you could find some more common clothing for her to wear, I'd be appreciative. Bring it by in the morning"

The little maid nodded and took one more look before scampering out the door. I set my sword against the door and spread a blanket from my pack a little ways from the corner. If someone opened the door, the sword would fall and wake me up as they stepped across the threshold. I pulled out my knife and worked on the edge. For close work in a small room, a knife is best. I knew someone would come tonight and I'd be ready.

When I finally let Selene leave her corner I sent her straight to bed. Her bottom was still very sore so she went willingly. I grinned to myself when I found she intended to sleep on her stomach.