 It was just after last New Years when she had finally decided to go on one of the online dating sights. Her sister had been encouraging her for several years to do it. The first one she tried sucked her right in. It was a blast shopping for guys. But after almost a whole year nothing had even come close to the kind of attraction she had hoped to feel for someone. It had been a flattering experience from how popular she was, but oh well, she'd been alone for what seemed like most of her life. 

Then he found her and messaged her, and things changed. He caught her attention from the first picture she saw, not to be shallow, but in the chemistry game, looks counted, too, right? And he had something weird with his eyes. All her life, for some damn reason she was compelled by goofy eyes. At least three of her boyfriends throughout school had various crooked eyes. She loved them. His sense of humor was atypical, too. Very cool.

He had contacted her from across several states. Alas, this was a repeating pattern, only long distance men had looked good, damn it. But he was worth it, she was hooked. His name was Aaron. He wasn't American, she didn't think, and he was exotic somehow, she knew. He said he had been in the country for three years with his mother from a place she didn't recognize, but felt she would learn about in time.

Thinking back to this now she smiled to herself. What she hadn't known then! Exotic... oh yah.

They had fallen about as much in love as you could from emails and phone calls until the time finally came when he was to fly up. She was so amped to meet him everything had become a blur running up to then. As she drove to the airport she was feeling her energy building in a good way. She knew they would be pleased with each other, but she had to admit she was pretty nervous. And she couldn't wait to look directly into his eyes.

"Calm down, Buddy," she said to her big dog who was feeling the vibe, too. She'd brought him along partly to break the ice. And he went everywhere with her usually.

"You're going to be so happy when you see how happy I am." She told him. "We might just have the best Christmas ever!" It was a risky time for a first meet, but neither of them could wait any longer. And it was going to be great!

They waited in the loading zone, both excited, and fogging up the windows. Watching the various ordinary people file out the doors seemed endless. And finally that was it, no one else. Her heart was pounding, from anticipation and now let down. And then she saw him. He was taller than she had even hoped (why was this a turn on?) and smiling a crooked smile, to match his eyes. 

She jumped down out of the truck and they grinned at one another until he bent down and swept her into a tight hug. She could feel his strong torso and legs against her and she knew her days of endless masturbation were coming to an end. 

Laughing she squeezed him and said, "You feel so good!" It was all she could think of. He answered that he was very glad to be here, and she thought his voice seemed to vibrate a little lower than she remembered. Oh well, everything's better in person.

When they opened the truck Buddy immediately started growling, though. Something she had not expected. 

"Buddy!" I laughed, "This is Aaron, you big goofball." Pat pat. And sure enough when he let Buddy smell his hand my big canine began to lick him profusely. Maybe even a bit excessively, because the next thing we knew, Buddy had soaked his sleeve and was working his way up.

"Geez, dog, don't eat him. Save some for me!"

"Yes, baby. Your pup has a bigger need for me than you, it seems." And as we pulled onto the freeway it felt like the world was ours indeed. I was certainly floating. I had gotten a delicious kiss before we took off and the lingering taste of his mouth had upped my eagerness. What was that flavor? Why did everything seem so otherworldly? 

Since the beginning we had been flirting very sexually. I was a basket case of horniness and sent my vibe across the ether to my hunky guy whenever he'd let me. I was given juicy descriptions of the effect I had on him in return and he was always amused by how often I pleasured myself. I had even sent him pictures I had taken of my naked little body to tempt him even more, but the one picture he had sent to me of himself unclothed had been fuzzy enough to drive me crazy. What was that I was seeing at the end of his dick? Give me more, but no more pictures had been sent. 

We pulled into my long driveway and through the grove of ponderosas towering over my whole property. Everything was a bit overgrown, my "Russian" yard. I opened the truck and Buddy bolted rudely out. Aaron leaned over and pulled me towards him. His eyes were Hazel alright. With a lot a shimmery gold in them. It was the first chance we had taken to stare and smile into each others faces. I was in love. My heart was really beating. And to top the moment it started to snow. 

We were steaming up the Tahoe and broke apart to breath from our kissing. "Let's get out and check out this snow! I was really hoping we'd get snowed in," he said.

It had started to really come down. Everything had turned white, the long, graceful needles individually doubling and tripling on all the branches. We let ourselves inside and the warm house smelled good. My Christmas tree was the incense. Everything felt good. We started hugging and rubbing each other again right away, kissing with our tongues mingling. Yes, he tasted wonderful. But what was that flavor? So different, just a hint of....it was almost licorice vanilla? Oh my. And his strength as his hands roamed my body, he was an animal. I loved it. 

Buddy barked at the door, so we took a break. He got his pack inside and I put on some tea. The world was bright from the white outside and our moods were also. Smiling at me Aaron asked if he could roam around and I got food for pooch and we went deeper into my big house. 

"This is nice, I like your place." He was so easy to be with. I had placed a fire to be lit any time, so I got our spiced tea, put a shot of rum in and we gathered into each other as I started it going. Snapping and warming us right away it was a good excuse to take our clothes off. Aaron looked at me as he pulled my shirt up and his crooked eyes made me hot as hell. Don't ask me why. They were so beautiful, and practically iridescent. As I stared into them I began to get a little hypnotized and could almost swear they were alien. My bra was next and it felt hot to see to how he looked at my breasts. He cupped them in his big hands kissing my nipples and making them very stiff. 

We kissed and laughed and joked as we took each others pants off. And the fire was perfect. It had gotten darker outside and it was our only light. Aaron let me pull his shorts off then. I was eager to see what had been pressing against me, and suddenly I gasped. I was so surprised that I couldn't even control it. His balls were spotted and huge and not the color of flesh. They were golden with metallic bronze spots! He just watched me looking at them with a beautiful smile on his face, as he let me discover his surprise. As I began to take in more, I could see that he was not circumcised. And he did have a pretty heavy cock, too, which kept getting bigger before my eyes. Gee this was happening fast. But those big crazy balls, like huge velvet ornaments, drooping between his legs!!

"Aaron, where did you say you were from?" I felt like I was in another world and a little dizzy.

"Its Orionde, dearest one." he gently said and laughed at the look still on my face. "Are you beginning to suspect I have a huge, huge secret?"

"Darling ...that's not the only huge thing you have." as we laughed very suddenly and he pulled me into his now very erect organ. It was also becoming a surprise, because as it had grown beyond the foreskin, a triple edged head appeared. It was glistening wet and pink and if my pussy hadn't been the boss I might have been scared. Triple! It was wonderful. I couldn't take my eyes off it as it rose in the air. I slowly reached towards it as he watched with amusement. I touched it and it buzzed. His cock vibrated!! 

"BABY!!" Was all I could say. But I cautiously felt the slippery wet skin. It buzzed slightly when I did this, making me giggle. "I want to kiss it." And I put the tip of my tongue upon the center spot and licked. Yum, yum, yum, yum! It was that flavor again. 

I'm just going to say that he moaned, laughed deeply and pinned me to the floor. "I am going to fuck you very hard first right now, Morgan." he said as he put the exotic, large head to my soaked pussy's entrance and pushed in through my lips. I gasped and went quiet, except for my breathing, I was stunned by the way it felt. I knew I was possibly fucking an alien. He was humping me thoroughly, intruding in the most intense and pleasurable way, his giant cock vibrating now and the triple top inside me was amazing as it stroked deeper and he then drew it all the way out and then back in through my squeezing muscles. His breathing was steamy and sweet on my face, his golden eyes showing through slitted lids. Oh My God!

"I'm going to cum outside of you at first," he panted as I could feel him really shaking and buzzing within me. As I pushed against the vibration my G spot lit up like a rocket so I held him down inside me as I started to cum. Laughing, he thrust his strong beast into the depths of me for the rest of my orgasm and kissed me deliciously as I cried out and yelled his name. One more push and he pulled quickly all the way out of me gushing a fountain of hot cum on my pussy and all over everything. It was shining, I swear, glowing alien ejaculate. 

"AAron! What...wow, pant, pant...oh my god!" I started to taste it and he stopped me. 

"Wait, Baby!" And he laughed and I gave him a look...? "You have to acquire an immunity to it. Its hallucinogenic , slightly. It takes a few small doses to get used to," he laughed. 

"Now I know for sure you aren't American." We laughed, and kissed. He rubbed his finger in some of the cum and tasted it then he kissed me. The vanilla taste was faintly pleasant and I felt a warm color-like visual/physical sensation coat me.

Aaron watched me and smiled. He pulled me towards him and licked my neck. "Don't worry, we're not vampires." We started to kiss very deeply, breathing and bumping teeth and biting lips and touching tongues and again his strange penis began to get hard. I lifted it and stroked it as it lengthened and the slimy pink head emerged again. He pushed himself in and out of my hands as it pulsed and shook. A real live alien dildo. My other hand felt his unusual balls and Aaron moaned to me that they were very sensitive and pumped in and out of my grip. I had my hands full of the strangest equipment of my life. My surprise spotted Christmas balls!

"So if I can't drink your cum how am I going to eat you?" I wanted to suck this thing bad. I pulled the ridged skin out to the end and back, creating a moan from him so I bent down and took a lick and there was a shiny drop of juice at the top of the amazing beautiful head and before he could resist me I sipped it and smiled as the warm sensation spread through me. Gee, could his cum make me cum?

"Ahhh... you are going to get so stoned," he laughed and rolled me around the floor in a hug, kissing me and feeling down between my legs. He stopped me on my tummy and coached me to raise my butt in the air.

"Morgan! Your ass is the cutest butt in the universe," he said and parted my cheeks, getting me exposed and vulnerable. And wet. This was my button and I was showing off to my alien lover, now. He licked me all the way up to my clit, and started sucking me, driving me crazy fast. "I'm going to make you cum and then see how far I can shove my big cock into your lovely tight pussy."

Well, those words through his slurping and sucking brought my clit fully out to the edge, intensely sensitive as he lightly sucked and kissed. I slowly started to have an amazing orgasm that he coaxed and teased with his tongue until I was screaming. He sucked it out of me and while I was still cuming he drove his severely erect cock right through my engorged lips, deep inside me and I sort of screamed and laughed as I had never had a climax this strong or long or mind-blowing ever. 

"Aaaaron..." I cooed, putting a few extra "a"s in his name. He was stroking towards his own explosion, the vibrations of his cock syncing to his rhythm, getting closer and closer. He thrust hard against the inside of my body and held it. I could feel him pulsing inside me as he came and I smiled with immense happiness while he jerked and spasmed a long time, breathing the hot vanilla alien sex god breath all over me, spewing the magic jism all over me again. He had pulled out a little more slowly this time and I could feel the warm fuzzy tingles spreading through me more softly this time.

"Oh, baby!" he was messy and limp sprawled out next to me before the fire. Who are you, Mister? I was so giddy I asked him.

"I'm in love. I'm in love," I laughed. " But I want you to tell me now... who, what, where and how...did you get here? What are you...oh that's not what I meant...tell me, tell me what the fuck is your story, sexy?" I was lifting the gold spotted balls in my hands, playing with their weight, my face close, smelling their aroma.

"Its really going to be hard to believe," he sighed. "Oh that feels good. Keep doing that."

"Well, you are obviously more than just human...yet you are very "Human" and I am all ears, and vagina," I laughed. Get used to it, I was in a very wonderful mood and my life was expanding at a delirious rate. I was laughing and purring and over the top happy.

"As I said, I am from Orionde, a planet in a solar system "near" here...in galactic terms. It is eight light years away to be exact. I am half Human, my father is pure Oriandon. He was stranded here for about a month when my mother met him and sheltered him until he could get a pickup by his friends. They fell into love at first sight and in their time together I was conceived. My father did have to return. Not being from here limited his ability to survive the differences in our atmospheres, yours being thinner of oxygen. I was born here and I am half and half so I do fine. I can live on either planet and my mother sent me there to grow up. Only recently did I return here to the planet of my birth. If it weren't for my mother, I'd have been even more lonely. I've always had to be careful." 

He seemed to have gotten more amused and lighter with his explanation. I loved to listen to the deep timber of his voice. Now that I knew more it was easy to discern the differences like the hint of vibration. Did his dad have really crazy eyes, I wondered.

"I love your name." 

"Thank you. I love yours."

"Aaron has always been one of my favorites."

"The funny thing is, it is a name on my father's planet, too. My parents were amused because they thought it was as if someone just picked the first alphabetical choice, with the double A," he smiled. He gave me a really tender kiss then, all sweet vanilla licorice tongue and touch of teeth. Yum. 

"I am so honored that you trust me." I was in awe. Shock and awe...haha. 

"I had no choice. When I saw you I fell for you. I can't explain it, except I knew immediately I was very attracted to you and I could trust you. You could take it. I knew. Oh, but I would have invaded you somehow, no matter what!" 

He was so handsome. Wow. My own private alien man. With golden ornaments. And hazel crazy eyes. With a vibrating extra special penis. And magic sparkly power cum. This was my Christmas present for life. Thank you baby Jesus.

We spent the entire night stoking the fire and our new love. I found out that humans and aliens made love in many of the same ways and that there were a few new takes, believe it or not! The big dog was sleeping near us and once in a while he would come over to nuzzle us when we weren't too entwined or busy. The air was warm and thick with our smells. Some time very late we fell asleep and found ourselves in a tangle of blankets and a dog when we opened our eyes. The snow had built all night, all right. We were snowed in for good. We had all got our wish.