 It was an exciting time for me. For everyone, really. A new test subject was ready for insemination, and it was my job to prepare the subject for what she would experience.

The subject lay perfectly still on the massage table. She had this strange, serene look on her face with a hint of contentment. That was new. Most of time the facial expressions are blank. But not her. That made her special, although my preparation instructions were still unchanged.

For insemination with the foreign host to be successful, the subject needs to be perfectly relaxed. By the time I receive her, she has already been through several hours of hypnosis audio that would reduce any strong, independent, woman to a calm surrogate. Her thoughts and fears are erased through a combination of breast milk based tonics and, combined with the audio, reprogram her brain to believe she is a willing surrogate for our organization. A perfectly compliant, willing surrogate makes for a successful pregnancy... or at least that is what the big wigs tell us.

The final step is a deep massage. We use a specific oil blend developed for this program. At its base is potent hypnotic breast milk. A sample collected from one of the first surrogates has been reproduced in the lab constantly, due to its hypnotic properties that cause the initial onset of thoughtlessness. That, in turn, then allows the mind to be rewired, so to speak. Kind of like wiping a hard drive and then putting new files on it.

The massage oil also contains extracts from a wide variety of herbs and flowers. It promotes relaxation, deep sleep, tranquility, and the production of breast milk at a much higher rate than the average woman experiences. From what we understand the fetus uses her milk to grow and actually consumes her milk internally, although normal lactation from the nipples will still occur.

The subject sighed as I ran my hands across her naked body, making sure the oil penetrates every pore. The oil makes the subject experience a warm, tingling feeling, much like my hands every time I do this. I whisper to my subject as I continue.

"You're going to be a great surrogate... so calm... at peace... no thoughts... no worries... no stresses... just knowing what a good girl you are for being brave and advancing our knowledge of this new species... you're doing so good... you'll love being a surrogate... I hope they let me be one too..."

My hand glides over and caresses her pussy, which is already wet. I check the opening to make sure it's of sufficient size, and make sure her clitoris responds well to stimulation.

"Turn over for me." and I watch as she does so. Subjects can retain thoughts that are considered positive. Any thoughts or actions determined to be negative or rebellious are gone.

After massaging her back, neck, and legs, I look toward a big one-way glass panel and spread her ass, showing my employers her orifices. After getting a green light signal from them, I finger both her pussy and ass, opening them and drizzle the massage oils inside of her, lubricating her as I go. The Mother, as we affectionately call her, is only interested in inseminating her pussy, but occasionally she'll penetrate her anus on accident and we want to avoid any major discomfort there.

"Are you ready?" I ask her.

"Yes..." she whispers. "What will it feel like?"

I am completely honest with her.

"You will feel stretched. She... The Mother... is rather large. Her tentacle-like arm will feel cold and slimy, but should slide into you with ease. You probably won't expect the girth though. Be brave and lie still as she does what she needs to do. You need to stay relaxed."

I massage her buttocks and play with her clitoris as I continue.

"She will push into you until she cannot go any deeper. Then she will deposit a large egg inside of you, which you will carry... we hope... to term. You are so important and one of the best prepared subjects we've ever had. If you can carry to term it will be the breakthrough my organization has been searching for, for years. Imagine being a pioneer in carrying an alien fetus to term... it's never been done successfully before."

I withdraw my fingers as I see the door open and The Mother escorted in. That is my cue to leave. I kiss her cheek and whisper good luck to her.

From behind safety glass, I watch as The Mother guides one of her arm-like tentacles toward the subject. As it explores her labia, The Mother presses into her, pushing the thick tentacle inside the subject. I am in awe as I watch inch after inch after inch disappear into this surrogate. Her head lifts from the table as the tentacle pulls back slightly and then thrusts forward violently. That's the egg being deposited. The usual reflex action from our surrogate is to flail for a second like rag doll... my own pussy pulses at the thought of what that must feel like.

As we wait for The Mother to withdraw, we see her slowly pull out, but then an unexpected second thrust catches us all off guard. Two eggs? That hasn't been done before... our subject is having twins...