 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2018.

This story takes place 40 years after the Epilogue of Surfacing and expands on established characters and story. It was the most-requested story following the finale of my epic, and acts both as a side-story in this setting, and a prelude to the next epic.

And now, the finale.

The Surface Siblings

Part 4.2: Bound so tight as to Unravel

The Red Sister spoke in Surface Common. 

"What gave you the impression I wanted you to follow me, Druid?"

"Not 'want,' Qivni. Need."

"Oh, truly? A presumptuous gash, aren't you?"

Tamuril lifted her chin. "If it were Ta'suil following you now, you would not use such names. I have time for you now when no one else does. Do you want it, or not?" 

The Dark Elf's mouth twisted in bitter humor. "Last I saw you, you were whining to your creaking 'husband' after Jaunda withstood everything you threw at her, and you couldn't even kill her when you had the chance."

"That is my trial, not yours. Is such ugliness meant to distract me, Qivni?"

"From what?"

"From what Wruzdi and Erekstil said to you that made you leave when you volunteered to watch the children this time."

Qivni looked back in that direction, pursing her lips. "I don't see you guarding the little mountain goats."

"You didn't see the look on Taya's face," Tamuril returned, frowning in disapproval. "If she can be so shaken that she all but pleads for your reassurance when you volunteered your time, and you storm off not two hours later because my son poked a sore spot, then you are not being the Mother she needs."

The Dark One's temper flared. "How daring that you judge me so, with a boy disrespecting you in public as you scramble helplessly after him like a witless bump!"

Tamuril hid the sear of embarrassment and shrugged. "So, we are both imperfect mothers. I promised Taya I would reach out to you."

"Waste of time for you both," the Lead spat. "My Daughter needs to toughen up, and you need to get out of my business! You're so tender, a week down here would crush you!"

"I do not like it here, I admit, and I can't wait to return to the sunlight," Tami said, "but I'm here as long as my family needs to be. Nonetheless, I find that I warm quickly to your Daughter, Qivni."

Burnt red eyes widened; Qivni exploded. "Don't you dare start filling her head with Naulor ideas of how females act!"

Genuinely surprised, Tami barked back. "Any 'ideas' are already there! Taya was born as she is!"

"Ridiculous!"

"We don't shape the sapling to become an oak," the Druid insisted, "we can only give or take away what it needs to become the strongest oak it can be!"

Qivni made a face. "What in the Pit is an 'oak'?"

Tamuril rubbed her face with both hands. "Qivni...will you listen to yourself? You sound like me."

"I do not!"

"Yes, you do. You are more like the Naulor females of my homeland."

She was clearly and deeply insulted. "I'm a Red Sister. I'm the Left Hand and lover to our city's General."

"You're also starved of a song you need like I was."

Seeing the Red Sister's expression, seeing a familiar crack of uncertainty, Tamuril hurried to wet her mouth so she could continue. "You told me you hear a song from the Sister of Life, even so far down here, and that we each conceived our first child with similar desires, with the very same Priests blessing us in Her Name.

"Taya is what you wanted most, but she is not enough to fill this void where the song should be, and she feels lack because of it. She believes it is her fault that she isn't what you demand she be. But it is you not able to find what makes your heart grow, and so you withhold the same from her as if that will strengthen her when it will only make her heart shrivel like yours!" 

"How dare you." Qivni showed her teeth. "I want to slap your pale face bright red, Green Eyes."

"So, do it, deaf and sulking Priestess. You saw what I became when Jaunda pushed me too far, and you don't have Dragon spunk in between your cheeks to survive it."

The two females stared at each other, the air between them sizzling. When the Dark Elf did not speak, nor did she act, the Pale Elf's face softened in compassion.

"I see how discontented you are when Sirana is mentioned in the same breath with Ta'suil," Tamuril said. "You see her as an obstruction to hear this song, yes?" 

Qivni shrugged. "Ta'suil belongs to her. In spirit and body. He chose his 'Champion.'"

"He did choose her, yes," the Druid said, holding out her hands as if her plea could be an object given over, "but he belongs to no one. Shyntre and Sirana both understand this, they have come to understand what makes his heart and song grow. They do not keep him in a cage, and so he returns to them each time after he heals another."

"'Heals,' hmm?"

The Druid smiled tentatively, almost shy. "Well. Or simply shares his body for pleasure."

Qivni nodded, sucking on her cheek. "He's a whore. Sirana lets him run around on her."

Tamuril's pink lips tightened, turning white. She struck out, slapping the Dark Elf across her left cheek, shocking them both.

"Raza'doss!" Qivni hissed in her dark language.

"Ta'suil's not a whore!" Tamuril cried, her voice wavering with threatening tears. "He's the kindest Dark One I once thought could never exist! He was born in the worse place for such a soul but blossomed up above! Do not call him such a name in my hearing again!"

She waited, half-expecting the other female to draw her dagger. Two hearts pounded in the darkness, and Qivni kept her hand off a weapon, taking a few deep breaths and swallowing, trying to speak. The unmoored Dark Elf ground her teeth as she tried to turn and bend the discussion into something familiar. The Druid could only wait to see if she would succeed.

"What do you need most to grow, Priestess?" Tamuril whispered a gentle prompt. "If you can confess it to a Druid who cannot starve life?" 

A stubborn shake of the head, evading eye contact now. Arms crossed. A wall blocking all feeling from her face.

She can't.

Saddened, Tamuril nodded acceptance. "Very well. I will return to my sons and my husband. We will keep Taya company until you return."

The tall Naulor turned away and then felt something snap hold of her forearm and tighten down. In alarm, she looked down to see Qivni's grip just above her wrist. Only a gloved hand, nothing more menacing, though fear powered the strength of her hand.  

"I want..." Qivni exhaled. "I need Ta'suil, with his Brother, before they leave again, but... without Sirana being there. As she insisted the first time."

Tamuril watched her face, seeing a mirrored embarrassment. "It was...more to you than negotiating for a 'stud'?"

"Yes," she growled back. "They...worked together. Restrained me. Made me submit to them."

Tamuril blinked in surprise, feeling her heart leap.

"They did what they liked, exploring my body. Shyntre taught him. Taught us."

Oh...

"Binding it, teasing it, taking it, leaving their...spunk inside, or making me swallow it. I had no power and I...asked for it that way. That was how I conceived Taya."

Oh, yes, Dark One, I understand.

"Sirana watched," Qivni said. "She knows my weakness, so she need not watch again. If she insists, then I will not do it."

You will starve yourself first. 

Tamuril nodded slowly as if she might startle a fawn on edge in the wood. "You already know they will choose her if you pushed for a greater claim on Ta'suil."

Qivni nodded firmly, her eyes blazing with awareness. "I know this."

"You know they will leave Sivaraus. And you will not follow."

"Yes. I'm not going to the Surface yet," the Lead stated. "My General still needs me down here. As does Taya... e-even if I'm not a perfect Mother. I don't...enjoy the thought I am starving her. I keep her fed in all other ways, Naulor, only the best for my Daughter."

Tamuril nodded. "I see this. She is very healthy. Eyes bright, growing well."

Qivni's chin jerked in acknowledgment. She waited, having run out of words. Tamuril looked at her mouth, her lips alone containing more tension and nerves than the Druid felt in her entire body at this moment. 

A Dark One who wants what I want. The opposite of Jaunda, yet still such high rank among the Deepearth leaders. I never imagined.

Tamuril had also never seen a roleplay performance such as she enjoyed from the outside. More, the idea that a proud, dark-skinned female might bend to it sent a thrill through her belly. The Druid realized she wanted to watch.

Perhaps...I would want to play. Goddess knows I need the stress relief down here.

"I know what you crave," she said aloud. "I...submit to them frequently. I bow and bend over. They do as they wish, and I ask for it that way."

Qivni's mouth twisted in derision. "I knew it."

Tamuril did not feel a familiar sting, which surprised her at first until she realized the contempt wasn't aimed at her. 

She's envious.

The Druid smiled at her, reaching with her free hand to cover the other female's, which still gripped her arm. She marveled at voluntarily moving so close to a true, female Dark One who wasn't Sirana or Karulin or Jael.

Close enough to kiss. Standing in the Deepearth.

"Would you wish for me to negotiate with Sirana on your behalf?" Tami asked.

Qivni seemed to take a whiff of her breath as she spoke; she remained stoic and tense. "Mmm. Perhaps. If you think the Priests would even want me again."

Tamuril smiled more widely. "I shall discover that for you, Qivni, I promise."

"Don't make it obvious," the Lead blurted. "General Rausery knowing is fine, he is her Grandson. Elder D'Shea, because she figures out everything. But anyone else—"

"I promise I will keep this private, Lead," the Druid said, grateful for the common language and ground down here. "Truly, I understand. We share this hunger. If I can help ease the craving without unwelcome eyes judging you for it, I will. I always try for the best way to strengthen the standing oak in front of me."

****

"Have you seen the homunculus walk?" Variset asked when her eyes were again drawn to the Grey doll meant to represent the Herald's Mother. "Or heard it speak?" 

Meli shook her head, readily picking up where they had left off. "No, I'm not yet allowed to be present when Mother communes with the Grey. There is no necromancy down here, and it is challenging for any Elf to translate into something which works similarly yet she does not know all the dangers."

"Ada must have given her some direction."

"She did, although my Ilharn in safe harbor was as necessary for it having worked if I'm not mistaken. Mother is the only Elf alive down here you could say has any understanding of spirits." Her age-mate smiled at her. "Yet death magic is as normal to you at the Ley Tower as the Abyss and Psionic seem to us down here."

Variset considered. "Well, yes. The Herald's aura makes me sick sometimes, though, so I haven't listened to Mother speak with him as much as you have yours."

"A pity. What does the sickness feel like?"

Vari shrugged. "Just dizzy, and like I will lose my meal. It makes me want to go elsewhere like I need clean air."

"Does he smell bad? Rotting?"

She shook her head. "No, not rotting. A little musty maybe, but he's too...dry to rot."

Meli arched an eyebrow. "Dry? Interesting. I suppose we preserve some food that way. But it's not easy without magic, often not worth it.""

"Drying is easy on the Surface," Vari told her. "We can dry anything. Meat, fruit, greens or grains. Lots of moving air in the right place and the Sun speeds it up a lot."

"Unlimited light and wind," the young scholar murmured thoughtfully, eyes narrowing as if to contain the leaping thoughts behind them. "And the Herald seems...similarly preserved?"

Vari shrugged. "He doesn't sweat. I've never seen him bathe, although he will walk in the rain without seeming to worry about it."

"Does he eat? Or drink?"

The younger gave it some thought. "One or two bits or sips during one of our meals, maybe. Once in a while. Not often."

Meli grinned. "Do you recall those dinners because you couldn't eat yours?"

Vari felt her own surprise and knew it showed on her face. "I've...never noticed."

"How can that be?"

"Well... He can suppress his aura if he wants."

"That easily?"

"He was Human. In his time, that skill was necessary to survive. Willven, too. They both do it. Something Mother learned from them, maybe."

Meli straightened. "Oh? Sirana isn't a mage. Do you mean her To'vah link?"

Vari shook her head. "No. That only shows when Morix and Jael are with her."

"Then what does she suppress for the comfort of others?"

"Not everybody, just us," Vari said. "The kids. She doesn't mindlink with us, and I can't even sense what's different about her like I can the Godblood."

Meli lifted a finger. "Wait. You can sense something 'different' about the Godblood?"

Vari nodded, twisting and fiddling with her own fingers. "I don't know why."

"Is it his magical aura?"

"I don't think so. The feeling's there when he links with another or uses his mind to 'push' stuff. When he's at ease, I can tell he's not a mundane Man or just a mage. I...can't tell that with Mother. It's like she's got a hard, quiet shell, like the Herald when he tries not to make me sick coming into a room."

Meli watched her for a few moments. "You've never told anyone this before."

Vari huffed in frustration. "I wanted to meet a few other psions first, but I could never leave the Tower, and Willven's relatives won't leave their home. Two isn't enough, and you're right, my Mother and the Godblood both have magic, too, and I'm a mage. It could be that, and I just don't have the knowledge to describe what I feel."

Melitza's brow drew down in a thoughtful seriousness which made her look older. Variset waited to hear what she might say.

"Any difference down here in a Psionic God's Tomb?" the Tir-Sha's Daughter asked bluntly. "You're topically surrounded by ancient psionic echoes here."

Vari shook her head. "No, nothing. Elves, and our auras." She looked around her. "I like the Archives, though. It feels safer than the Palace or House Auren'Thall."

Meli smiled with a bit of mystery and took her time to think again. "Hm. Perhaps I was too abrupt with your 'Uncle' when he reached out."

"What? When?"

The youth stood up and retrieved the homunculus carefully to set it on the table between them before sitting down again. She carefully positioned it so that it sat with the grey dress neat and straight. Vari stared at the rune-carved, rather detailed effigy with one onyx eye and shivered. 

"When our elders were debating," Melitza answered, folding her hands and resting her elbows on the table. "He asked if I was well when we met eyes once. I get the impression Humans worry for young ones, even when we are easily half his number of decades old."

Variset shrugged. "In my memory, he has always been ready to act even on small things when the Herald or any of us might wait. He formed plans quickly and waited for my parents to catch up or would maybe nudge them. It would take the us, and even the Wilder a lot more talking or sharing most of the time to act."

"Unless there was an actual attack?"

"Yes."

"The Godblood seems to be just waiting around here, letting the Naulor and others lean on him. No plan."

"Uncle Willven is aware he is a guest to Elves. He's always been respectful and patient."

Meli chuckled. "I don't suppose there are ever any jests about expiring while waiting?"

"Only from the Herald."

"Ironic, given I understand he will exist far longer than us."

"I think it was the time Mother waited too long in an 'inn' on the Surface to challenge some Witch Hunters attacking Gavin. He died fighting them himself, waiting for her."

"Gavin?"

"The Herald."

"Oh yes, I forgot." Melitza looked amused as dark red eyes glittered with interest. She kept her hands folded at the homunculus between them. "Became a spirit himself before returning again."

"More than once," Vari said. "The Bishops before the Godblood took over Manalar burned him to death, too."

"Resilient necromancer."

"Sarilis was really hard to destroy, too."

"The Human who had the Tower before the Herald."

"Yes."

"And Ada exists decades after she was tortured to death, speaking with our Tir-Sha."

"Um. Yeah."

"And the leaders of the Ma'ab are a concern for already having died and having no end in sight."

"The Ascended. Yeah, the Herald studies them. But more like an Elf, not a Human. Not very fast."

"What of the Godblood when he finally dies? Will he remain with us?"

Variset squirmed a bit in her chair. "I don't know."

"At our small feast, he seemed anxious to leave," Meli said. "To travel to his god."

"Then that's probably his plan, and Deathwalkers can help him make it."

"Would the Herald aid him, you think?"

"Maybe." Vari made a face. "Why ask so many questions about the death mages?"

The other girl's eyes flicked to the doll and up. "They interest me. I understand they, more than any mage, have the potential to grasp the Nexus and the origin of the Psionic God. Ada and Gavin in particular, being servants of Nyx."

She glanced down at the shiny piece of onyx again and turned the doll so that it faced the wall. "Well, sure. The Grey Maiden was the Steward while the Tomb remains, but I don't know what they mean to do next." 

"We'll never know that, but that Stewardship necessitated by the Entombment is why we have new deities from the Abyss and the Hells trying to ascend there while Musanlo is weakened. Maybe even others. It could be a goal for the Ma'ab leaders, too, for all we know. And the Herald has very close ties to your Mother, doesn't he? Our first psionic Elf is your Mother, one of us."

"Baenar," Vari said, filling the expectant pause.

"Hm?"

"Oh. The To'vah Word. Older."

"Baenar? Interesting. I wonder how the name changed. Unless there is are two names for the Naulor as well between themselves and To'vah?"

The Tower youth shrugged. "Not that I've heard."

"Perhaps ask sometime."

"Aunt Tami doesn't talk about where she comes from."

"Hmph. Well, this doesn't change the fact that psionics touched the Dark Elves first, and my Mother studies how death truly works, and Nyx created the Psionic God who became the Broken One. With Xalli allied with us, there are too many connections to ignore something like this." Melitza opened her hands as if presenting the homunculus for the first time once again.

"But you can't do anything with it. And you've never seen it move."

"I hope to soon. Perhaps you might approach your Mother—"

The room itself seemed to shift abruptly as Variset took her next breath, and her body jolted in fright from the pulse of magic while Meli didn't even move.

Not again.

Variset twisted in her seat and saw the graceful settlement of gold and red robes, and gasped. "Grand Matron!"

Varessa D'Shea's smile was lovely even casting a critical eye upon her Daughter and what lay upon the table. "Mm. Just what I sought. I take it you are further intrigued having held it, Vismitneh."

Melitza just smiled with confidence. "Yes, Mother."

Vismit...?

"'True light'?" Variset asked aloud without thinking.

"Very good, Granddaughter." D'Shea stepped closer to the table. "You speak much To'vah?"

"Wruzdi more," she admitted while hating doing so. "He listens to Morix and Jael while they practice sometimes."
