 Gabe knew exactly what to expect as he boarded The Hollywood, he had been there before. He didn't want to be here. The Hollywood brought back too many painful memories for him, the war, the deaths and Marla. Damn it, he thought, stop dwelling on the past and think about the job at hand. He turned slightly and smiled as he watched the graceful stride of his companion, damn, she sure is pleasing on the eye he thought, but then he had programmed those looks himself. She was the latest from Technature Limited, she was the T1A Holographic Artificial Intelligence Unit, with transportation option, the best on the market. He called her Tia, she was his perfect partner, he mused. Pleasing on the eyes, quiet unless asked her opinion, intelligent and logical. She was almost his exact opposite, excluding the intelligence of course. 

He asked Tia to check the station for other life forms. Tia cleared her throat, she didn't need to, it was the sign that she had finished her task and was waiting for him. Report he said, there are 10 other life forms on the station and three other ships said Tia in her slightly husky voice, he had programmed that too, perhaps he should alter it, but he liked the sexy sound of it. Damn, he must stop thinking of her as a woman, she was a piece of kit, just like any other, well no, not like any other. Perhaps he should get a male version instead he thought as he checked the surrounding area for danger. He asked Tia to use her extra senses to check on levels he couldn't. She quickly detected a trace of an unidentifiable substance, she stated it was almost like an aroma in the air, she would take a sample and try to analyse it later.

Gabe was a soldier, until the war ended and there were too many soldiers. He had joined the Technature team as a deep space explorer, but that really meant errand boy. He was sent out to check reports of new aliens etc. to find out about their technology, but as this meant he was alone and his own boss, he liked it. The Hollywood wasn't a usual part of his route, but the boys at Technature Ltd, had requested (ordered more like) that he check out, a report of strange new alien contact, as he had a personal knowledge of the station. The Hollywood was still in good condition and there were always people and things on board, but officially she was a decommissioned space station at the edge of human controlled space.

Gabe asked Tia to double check the information she had gathered and find out if any of the life forms or ships were unknown? Tia checked the information and told him that the request could not be obeyed as some of the information was classified. Gabe asked her to dig deeper into the classified files, but Tia responded almost immediately she could not access these files, as she did not have the necessary security clearance. Hack the system was Gabes' response. Tia refused stating that it was an illegal action, damn it, Gabe thought. I really must find a way to bypass her legal systems. 

Back on board The Gryphon, his own ship, Gabe tried to alter Tia's programming. The trouble was he was no expert in such things, all he wanted was to bypass the legal over rides in her system. After an hour of trying he finally admitted defeat and had to confess to himself that he felt slightly uneasy about tinkering with her programs in this way. It made him feel tacky, like he had done something morally wrong. He plugged her into the ships mainframe, to update and repair her systems, undoing anything he might have attempted.

He went back to his study to try hacking in the old fashioned, harder way. He managed to find out that all the new alien report files were classified and that it was Military Intelligence that had classified them, but he also discovered that Technature Ltd had given him the job knowing that the records were classified. Further delving into Technature left him with no evidence but a nagging certainty that something was wrong. The whole thing stunk of cover up. 

Then the lights flickered and as he tried to exit the computer network, the power on the ship went out, luckily the back up was independent and kicked in immediately. He unhooked the computer and went to see if this was the only part of the station without power.

Outside in the hangar, the rest of the station seemed OK. He mused on how the hangar used to be full of travellers and he wondered what would happen to the station, now there was no war, and no need for people to travel to the outer reaches of human controlled space. He thought about reporting the glitch and then decided against it, not wanting to draw attention to his illegal hacking of the corporations system. He was now certain that something more was going on. The power came back to his ship and he quickly checked all systems. 

Suddenly, it hit him, damn, Tia had been plugged in and updating when the glitch happened, he hoped she was Ok. He re-opened her programs and she appeared before him, he was slightly puzzled, he was sure he had never seen her in this red outfit before. He asked her to report and she reported all systems active and updated. He asked about the outfit, her response of, I've had this old thing for ages, you must have seen me in it before, floored him. She sounded just like Marla had. He stared at her, she smiled and turned around 360 degrees and asked do you like? Gabe was lost for words, what was going on, this behaviour was not usual for his logical, well-programmed AI. 

He just stood there mouth open looking at her perfect form, tightly covered in red leather. Tia asked again, "Do you like?" and her voice sounded even sexier, huskier than it usually did. Gabe responded yes, I like very much as he took the step towards her that brought him close enough to touch. He reached out and caressed her soft cheek (alarm bells were now ringing in his head, she was a holographic projection, she didn't have soft cheeks, but the part of his brain that had wanted her for years was now in control). She stepped in closer and pressed her warm lips to his, there was a moment of pure pleasure as their lips met in a tender kiss. Then they were pressed tight against each other, tongues fighting, lips crushed, bodies forced against one another as passion seemed to overwhelm them. 

Suddenly, Gabe found himself holding a very naked Tia, he felt his arousal pressing against her. He tried to push away, but Tia, kept him tight in her grasp, and she was stronger than him. He finally resorted to telling her to let go, which she did immediately. He stood before her, lovingly taking in every inch of her perfect, naked body, as his erection grew harder and more uncomfortable in his overalls. Tia stood smiling at him, seemingly enjoying his scrutiny of her naked form. Suddenly, Gabe stepped back to her, and roughly grabbed her, while forcing a finger against her pussy. He was certain that as a hologram she would be dry. He was amazed to feel wetness on his finger, and as he brought his hand up to his face, he could see and smell her scent, the scent of an aroused woman. It was just too much for him to comprehend. He tugged off his overalls and stood before Tia naked, his hard on standing proud. 

To Gabe's amazement and joy, Tia slowly reached out and caressed his hard cock, tenderly stroking, then firmly grasping it and working her hand up and down the shaft. Gabe allowed his eyes to close and a soft moan to escape his open lips as he enjoyed the sensations Tia was causing him. Then, just as he was getting into the rhythm of her movements, they stopped. Gabe's eyes flew open, in time to see that Tia had gotten to her knees in front of him and was moving her mouth towards his cock. He was suddenly certain that this was a dream "How did you know what to do?" he asked, as it was the only thing he could think of. She smiled up at him, and answered, "I accessed your porn holo's" then sucked his dick into her warm, wet mouth.

Gabe savoured the feelings, her mouth, tongue and hands were now creating. He loved the way her lips were sliding up and down his shaft, her tongue was flicking and licking around the head, and her hands were squeezing and caressing his balls. He could feel his pleasure building, when suddenly she removed her mouth and hands. Gabe looked down at her in disbelief, as she stood and turned away from him, placing her hands on his work console, then spreading her legs and bending forward. She was waiting for him to fuck her. He suddenly realised that if she had accessed his porn, she would know he liked this position, as it gave access to both pussy and ass. As he hesitated, Tia turned to look at him over her shoulder and growled, "Fuck me". 

The sound of that sexy voice combined with that pose and THAT body, was just too much to resist. Gabe sprang towards her and positioned his huge, throbbing cock against her wet pussy, and slid in. He thrust steadily forward until he was buried to the hilt in her tight hot cunt, and then started to thrust in and out. He couldn't believe how good she felt, how she seemed to be the perfect height for this and her cunt fit his cock like a glove. He thrust and ground into he for a short while and then decided if this was a dream, he was having it all. He slid his cock out and after smearing her pussy juices onto her ass, he slowly but firmly pushed his rock hard member into her very tight ass. He took it slow, but once she was stretched and he was in, he started to thrust slow and deep, then harder, faster, he pounded her ass. Then just as he was about to come, he heard a soft noise and hesitated in his stoke. Tia thrust her ass back and started begging him not to stop, he picked up the pace and rammed his cock home, pounding her hard, as her heard and felt her start to come. It tipped him over the edge and he felt his cock pump his come deep into her ass.

Gabe woke up in his room, with a huge erection and a smile on his face. Damn it, he thought it was a dream.

On their ship the aliens rubbed their tentacles and smiled in glee. They could watch the mating habits of the humans and make notes to their hearts content, as he hadn't realised they had fiddled with his brainwaves. Best of all they had tinkered with the hologram and made her solid and sentient. Wait until Gabe realised what her fantasies were…

To be continued (perhaps)