 This is the last part of the series. I hope you enjoy it!

~~~~ ~~~~

Chris' legs were still a little weak when he woke up to someone stroking his forehead. A weight pressed against his belly. "Hey, wake up," Catherine's cute voice said.

"Huh?" he mumbled, still half asleep. He opened his eyes to the unexpected sight of her exposed breasts hanging directly in front of his face, bathed in a golden glow from a ray of morning light shining onto her. She was sitting on top of his belly, wearing nothing but a pair of white panties. Her face looked down at him, and her ruffled golden hair twinkled in the sunlight.

"I woke up a little lonely this morning. Rose already went to work, and lily is out enjoying her Monday off from her online business. I don't have to leave until nine. Think we can spend an hour or two snuggling?"

"Um..." He was expecting surprise sex like he was lured into several times already. Even if that wasn't it this time, it was still very welcome. "Sure. I don't normally get up until eight."

"An hour and a half of snuggling it is then!" she declared, then she immediately rolled over. Catherine was partly on top of and partly next to him, and she began to cuddle up next to his underwear clad body. He encouraged her, pulling his blanket over the two of them. Catherine's breasts pressed against his shoulder as she wrapped her arms around him, smiling in delight while she closed her eyes. Her skin was remarkably soft. He snuggled up to her in return, gently moving his head so it pressed up against her chin.

In a matter of minutes, Catherine was out cold with a cute grin on her face. His view was limited, but everything about her at the moment was cute and sexy, from her sunlight bathed hair and her relaxed facial expression--at least, what he imagined it to be, since he was in no position to look--to the way her warm body snuggled up against him. Chris, enjoying the soft erotic drowsiness of her relaxing presence, soon drifted off as well, with a faint buzz of happiness accompanying him the whole way down.

When his alarm went off, Catherine let out a relaxed yawn while Chris pulled away from her. "Ugh, is it eight already?" she asked while rubbing her eyes.

"Unfortunately, yes," Chris sighed while getting up and fumbling for his clothes. "I have a lot of things to do before tomorrow morning when I leave."

"That's fair," Catherine said, struggling to stay awake. "Give me, like, your phone number or something so I can see you after that." She paused for a moment. "Can you set the alarm clock for eight thirty? I need a few more minutes." Catherine's head fell back onto the bed. "Ah, so soft," she muttered, and she passed out. If it was up to him, he would lay with her all day, but Chris had to maintain some degree of professionalism. He set another alarm, got dressed, and left the room.

The list was mostly complete, but some of the few tasks left were daunting. Chris took the most challenging one first; cleaning Catherine's room. Now that he was in there alone and not being seduced, his perception of the room was enhanced, and he say the numerous crumbs, stains, and garbage everywhere, all a result of Catherine's almost supernatural capacity for laziness. He was thankful that two days ago, he was only on top of the bedsheets, or else he would have been impaled by numerous dagger shaped crumbs. Her gaming laptop and the surface of the desk it sat on were probably the cleanest objects in the room, but even the legs of the desk were dusty and stained.

At eight forty, Chris heard a slow pair of footsteps coming down the hall. Catherine walked through the door with a glazed look on her face, still wearing nothing but her panties. A little dribble of coffee was visible on her chin and neck. Her breasts swayed as she walked towards the wardrobe. Only after reaching it did she notice him crouched to the right of her bed, scrubbing dried soda out of a cluttered drawer of junk. Evidently, she was still tired. "Oh, thanks for cleaning up," she said. Chris nodded back in response. "Ugh, I hope that coffee kicks in soon," she said while putting on a bra.

"Oh, by the way," Chris asked a minute later as she finished getting dressed, "where do you work?"

"Oh. I'm a theoretical physicist," she said proudly."

"Wait, what?"

"It's true. I operate the particle accelerators in the laboratory basement of..." Her eyes met Chris' unamused look of disbelief. "Nah, just kidding. I just work the front desk at this one bank."

"That's more believable."

"Ouch. I'll be on my way. And, don't you forget what I said yesterday; we'll be having some fun tonight. Nine fifteen maybe?

"Sure."

"See you then, or even a few minutes early, you cute butler." Catherine shot him a wink, then walked out of the room, and Chris resumed his work alone.

Just before noon, he was almost done. Chris opened her wardrobe to look for dust and abnormalities. Hanging inside were nine identical sets of gowns, and some short stacks of underwear alongside a few pairs of white slippers. A thick book with a pink cloth cover and gold trim around the border jutted slightly out of the highest compartment. He picked it up out of curiosity. There was a red, glitter covered felt heart stitched crudely onto the front. There was a leather clasp on the book with a keyhole, but it was unlocked. This was obviously a diary. He debated the morality of opening it for a minute, but succumbed to his curious nature and peeked at the poor handwriting of the latest entry.

dear diary (fuck it i'll put in a date later i can't remember it off the top of my head) so the butler we ordered finally arrived today. he was a real hottie but not like the muscular kind he looked really gentlemanly and cute in a sexy way and his name was chris which i think is a really hot name even though its not a good butler name. lol i tricked him into fucking me by telling him i wanted a massage which was one of things the contract said he had to give us if we asked but then afterwards i seduced him into sticking his dick in me which was explicitly one of the things we couldn't force him to to but i made him grope my tits and thighs so he got really horny and agreed anyway and oh god it was nice. i want to snuggle up to him and just press against him for an hour not like fuck him again even though that would be nice but yeah just clinging to him in a warm bed would be so fucking good awww yeah it would feel really nice but i dont think he wants to do that when he could get caught. will try that monday when nobody's here. this guy is even better than i thought because he's gonna clean my room and fuck me. what more can an elf ask for. I dont even want him as a boyfriend but i just want a guy i can snuggle with and fuck and stuff whenever i want and i think i can just seduce him whenever i want so hes perfect. alright diary heres a kiss good night (i should start wearing lipstick so i can make the kisses visible on this but thats too much of a hassle good night)

His curiosity was sated by the mess of a paragraph he read, but the guilt crept in. Chris put the book back. "But, she won't ever know," he thought to himself, mitigating the feeling of dread somewhat.

And eventually, he finally finished the strenuous task of cleaning her room. Now that it was early spotless, it was one of the nicest rooms in the house. On his way to the living room for lunch, he saw Lily walk out of the staircase at the end of the hall.

"Hey, it's good to see you're back," Chris said.

"Oh, there you are. I was out having breakfast with friends then we went out to do some other stuff. How was your day?"

"The list you gave me is going well. I just finished Catherine's room."

Lily shuddered. "You're still alive after going in there? I swear, she's the filthiest person I've ever met. And, uh, by the way, I get the strangest feeling that she likes you in a sort of romantic way; have you noticed it?"

Chris decided now was not a good time to tell her about their relationship. "Uh, no. But, I'll keep that in mind." Desperate to change the subject, Chris put out another conversation thread. "By the way, there's something I've been meaning to ask for a while now."

"Yes?"

"Why do you all wear nothing but identical gowns and slippers? Doesn't wearing the same thing every day get old after a while?"

Lily looked confused. "What are you talking about? We have lots of variety. I have a fuzzy gown, and a silky one, and a coarse one, and a thick one for the winter, and a bunch of others."

Chris had noticed no differences between any of the gowns even as he was handling the laundry. "Ah, I get it. That makes sense. But what if you ever need to wear something formal?"

"We have formal stockings that we wear whenever there's a special event or gathering."

"Interesting. Well, I'll be taking my lunch break now."

"Hey, actually, do you want me to order pizza? You've made this place look so much nicer. I might be able to go into Catherine's room now without a hazmat suit."

Although his butler mannerisms had been steadily degrading over the weekend, the lure of free pizza caused him to immediately drop what little remained of them. "Hell yeah," he said.

Lily made a phone call from the living room, and the two sat there, talking for a few minutes. She opened a window in the living room. "For the delivery bird," she explained. And indeed, five minutes later, something flew through the window. It was a small gray bird carrying a pizza box several times its own size in its talons The bird gently placed it on the table in front of the couch, then Lily held out a wad of cash. It took the cash she handed it in its beak, then left the way it came.

"That's one strong bird," Chris noted.

"He's been working out," Lily said. "And that's how pizza deliveries work around here," she said before they both hungrily dug in.

After his delicious lunch, Chris wiped down the windows in the tree until they were more or less invisible, then went to finish the last few chores on the list. He finally finished all his assigned tasks on the list just before Rose and Catherine got back from work. While he was alone on the couch, and Lily was upstairs, Chris heard the door downstairs open, and Rose entered. He looked up from his phone as she shot him a sensual glare.

"So, have you finished that list?" she asked.

"Yep."

Rose looked around, then whispered to him. "Before you go tomorrow, I'll come into your room at two in the morning for some secret nighttime sex."

"Now there's something I'm willing to get up at two for," he said.

"Same here. We can fuck until, I don't know, five? And maybe you can give me your number and we can see what happens after you leave."

They exchanged phone numbers. "I can't wait for tonight," he said.

"Thanks. Just relax for now, my self-proclaimed fuck puppet." She smiled with a devilish grin, then left.

Chris filled the rest of his time for the night the best he could, alternating between internet, small talk with Lily, and looking at some of the books in the library. Without much else to do, he went into his bedroom and decided to sleep off the waiting period.

It was at nine that Chris awoke to his door opening. In the darkness, Rose peeped in, carrying a small satchel in one hand. She closed the door behind her and turned on a light, exposing her entirely nude figure. The familiar curves of her firm breasts and her smooth legs dispelled his grogginess quickly. And, he was staring right at the wet warmth he craved so much. 

"I got bored," she said. "Nobody's awake. This room is farthest from the others. Lets fuck." She jumped onto the bed. "Hold still," she said. Rose grabbed his boxers and pulled them down his legs, then threw them aside. His cock, soft for now, was exposed to the warm air. "Aww," she said. "You can get harder than this!" She began to crawl on top of his body, her firm breasts still jiggling beneath her as she moved. Anticipation shot through Chris' mind and body. Rose sat on his belly while rummaging through her satchel. She took her ring-adorned hand out, then took Chris' hand and slid the red ring on it. She leaned in close to his face. "In case I want to make you go blank," she said, adjusting his ring. She kissed him once, and then crawled over to the empty space next to him and got on her back.

Chris moved to the foot of the bed while she centered herself on it, propping her head up on a pillow. She set the satchel by her side. Rose spread her legs and pussy for him to see; her wet lips hardened his cock further. She fetched a bottle of liquid from the satchel, removed the lid, and poured a little bit of it into her wet pussy. "Just some magical lube; it's rather sweet, and it has a familiar effect you'll love. If you want to come more than once, you'll have to lick this up. Chris sat up, then crawled towards her. He obediently began to lick her wet warmth, drinking her juices and liquids as he swirled around her depths and licked up every drop he could. 

As he tried to pull his head away, confident that drinking from her was enough, she wrapped ler legs around his neck and restrained him. "Bad boy," she said. She took the red orb out of the satchel and licked it once. Immediately, Chris collapsed onto her in a fit of ticklish pleasure which seared his hard cock like a lit match of torturous pleasure. His legs went numb from a second from the intensity of the sensation.

As he regained his senses, now fully in a state of teased arousal, he started fervently licking her again, and she smiled. Rose began to play with her breasts, jiggling them and pinching and rubbing her nipples. Chris' tongue easily navigated through her tight, slick depths to please her, causing Rose to release unrestrained moans of pleasure as she was licked closer to climax. Then the moment came. Rose stifled a shriek, and her pussy clenched and pulsed over and over around his mouth as he kept pleasing her the entire way through her orgasm. And at the end, she grinned and released him.

"Thank you," she said. "That was so good, I almost let out a scream there. But, at least these walls are thick, so nobody probably would have heard me anyway unless they were next to the door. Next, I want you to pound me with that lovely dick of yours. I normally love being on top and just milking your cock over and over, but I feel like having some variety." As Chris obediently crawled on top of her, he felt like he was forgetting something important, but couldn't remember what it was. He planted his hands next to her head, and leaned in close as his hips closed in on her wet warmth. The tip of his cock went into her tight, soaking depths with some resistance, but soon his entire length was deep inside of her tight pussy.

Rose's purple ring Glowed, and a familiar collar of soothing purple light appeared in her hand. She fastened it around his neck as he fucked her, reminding him of who was in control. They began to passionately kiss as his tingling cock thrusted in and out of her depths, always staying just inside her wet, ever-tightening lips. His arousal built and built, and he craved the familiar orgasms she had given him so many times before. And after all his labor, thrusting in and out and pleasing him and her, an orgasm began to surge again in his body. Familiar fiery waves of pleasure grew and grew until he came, releasing that energy along with jets of cum which Rose gladly took into her pussy. And thanks to the liquid he drank from her, rather than dull relaxation, his arousal was right back where it was from the start.

Rose herself came as well, holding back moans as her pussy tightly clenched over and over on his cock with such intensity that the pressure would have made his shaft impossible to remove at the moment. And soon, her orgasm faded away, and they were ready for more. Rose grabbed Chris and took him with her as she rolled over, putting her on top of him now with his cock still inside of her. Her ring glowed again, and purple points of light danced for a moment at the corners of the bed. Purple ropes of light shot out and wrapped around his wrists and angles, pulling him over to the center of the bed with Rose still on top of him. His spread-eagled body was secured tightly to the bed. She grinned devilishly and sat up, riding him down and back and forth and bringing them both to a slow boil of erotic energy.

Then the door swung open.

Rose turned around, still with his cock deep inside of her. From the doorway, Catherine, clad in white underwear, stared in shock at the spectacle that was unfolding. "What is going on in here?" she demanded.

"I can explain," Rose said. There was a brief pause as she tried to think her way out of this. "You see, Chris and I, uh, I sort of got into a relationship, and--"

Catherine interrupted. "--Oh, really? Unless you managed to fuck him before two-o'clock on Saturday, I believe he's mine. His dick was mine first."

Rose's eyes widened, then she shrugged. "Good for you, but it makes no difference to me." Chris tried to speak up, but Rose waved her hand, and a purple gag appeared around his mouth, muffling his speech.

"No difference? He's mine! I got to him first, and elf code says--"

"--You're invoking elf code? Really? The thing that you made up in college when someone asked you about what religious grounds allowed you to keep pets in the dorm? Nobody ever took it seriously!"

"Yeah. Listen, I'm not even angry that you've been banging him behind my back; I don't really care what you two do when I'm not around. But, I am angry that you're not letting me have my butler. Elf code says you have to get out of here or I'll tell Lily about this."

Rose blushed while a startled look grew on her face. "Lily? There's no way I'm letting her know about this!"

"Sorry. His dick is mine." She smiled. "Elf code," she smugly sang.

Chris, desperate to avoid detection as well, struggled in his ropes. Rose's eyes lit up with an idea. "Sorry about this, Catherine." Her ring glowed for a moment, then four ethereal ropes appeared on the wall next to the door and shot towards Catherine. The door closed behind her with an invisible force. The ropes tied around her wrists and ankles, and dragged her to the wall as she struggled. They soon pulled her underwear clad body up against the wall, pinning her spread-eagle to the polished wooden surface. "And the ring has to be used for sexual stuff or the effect will fade away, so, uh, sorry about that,." Rose kept riding Chris as she acted. A glowing cock made from solidified purple light appeared in the air in front of Catherine's face and forced its way into her mouth, rendering her incapable of speech. She struggled for a moment, but since her restraints rendered her incapable of any meaningful movement, she soon gave up, and depressingly stared at the two lovers on the bed with a defeated, longing look in her eyes as the cock slid back and forth into her mouth, thankfully refraining from going too deep.

Now that Catherine was restrained, Rose turned to Chris again. "Honestly, I hate sharing," she said as another orgasm began to build up in his body. He came into her again, with rumbling waves of nervous fire shooting through him as he looked at the helpless Catherine. "Oh! He just shot his cum into me again. Jealous? Wish this was you?" Catherine's pleading eyes stared as a short string of quiet incoherent mumbles escaped her dildo plugged mouth. "I'm enjoying this way too much," Rose moaned out.

As Rose and Chris fucked, it was clear that Catherine was being horribly teased. Her cute dick-laden face stared blankly at the two on the bed for several minutes. A growing dark spot was growing on her panties, and Rose eventually noticed this. "Oh? Still horny?" Catherine nodded to the best of her ability. "Want me to do something about that?" Catherine nodded, having already sucked enough of the warm, glowing rod to make it come several times over if it were a real cock. "But one question. Are you still mad at me?" Rose asked as she kept riding the cock of her other bound plaything. Catherine seemed to think for a second, then shook her head intensely. "You sure? You were yelling a me earlier and I had to shut you up with that co... oh. That's what made you this way, wasn't it? The dick?" Catherine nodded.
