 He awoke, head swimming and eyes in a daze. His vision was blurred, but after trying to look around for a few seconds, it cleared. He checked out his current situation. He was on a lab table, but facing vertical. Both his arms and his legs were clamped to the table, offering no room to move. He began to feel panic rising, however, he tried calming it by looking around.

He noticed that a large vat of some black, bubbling liquid stood off to the side of the room he was in. A girl, he might have known her, was strapped to a table opposite of him. She was short; however her breasts and ass were anything but small. She was wearing only a bra and a thong, pink and white in colors. She wasn't fat, but her stomach was flat; it stood out the tiniest bit, just enough for it to be attractive. She had brown hair, which hung down behind her. Her eyes were close, as if unconscious.

A door opened, and a strange, hooded figure strode out. He tried to move, but found that he was paralyzed. He stood helpless as the hooded man scribbled something down on a clip board. He managed to see a paper that was hanging next to his table. His name was Jack, and he was 19. How had he not known that?

The man walked over to the girl's table, and spoke a few words. Her eyes fluttered open, but they were distant. He unclamped her arms, and as he lowered to get the restraints off her legs, he brushed against her thong, pushing it slightly into her pussy.

She stood, motionless. He said a few inaudible words, and she walked over to a set of stairs leading to the giant vat. He walked up behind her and unclasped her bra, her breasts falling lightly. He then reached across in front, squeezed her crotch, and then slowly ran his hands down her slit-area. He then removed her undergarments, and tossed them aside. He slipped a finger into her pussy and began moving back and forth. After about 30 seconds, she began moaning. 

The man uttered a command, and the girl stepped forwards, sinking down into the black liquid. It was no longer bubbling however. The thick, black liquid came up to her neck. She sat there for what appeared to be minutes, and then slowly made her way out.  

She was black, covered with something that appeared to be liquid latex. Her nipples were erect, and her pussy was dripping. She had fingered herself while in the vat, the only evidence was that her pussy was spread open in a solidified state. The black liquid had made a cast of her.

She slowly moved to the side of the vat, and waited. The man came over to Jack, who now stood erect. He was told some words, which he could not understand, and was compelled to move. Against his will, he made his way over to the vat, and slowly got in. His hand moved slowly down to his cock, and he began to masturbate. His vision was on the naked girl, so it didn't take long.

He got out and stood next to her, unsure of what he was doing. Another door opened, and a girl walked out. She held in her hand, a 9"inch dildo. It was as black as the liquid. She handed it to the girl, and walked away. The girl began to jerk the dildo, eventually rubbing it against her pussy. After about a minute or two, the dildo began to jerk. She placed the end into her mouth, and a white creamy liquid spilled out. She then handed it to Jack, liquid seeping down her throat. He felt himself rubbing the dildo, but his own cock was feeling the same thing. He began to move faster, wanting release. The dildo squirted the liquid into his mouth as well. His mind went numb.

The black casts were peeled off of there bodies, and switched. Jack now stood in front of the girls 'suit', and her in front of his. He stepped into the suit, it forming around him. Hers was doing the same. He felt his cock itch, and throb... His nipple areas ached, as if being pulled. He gasped, and looked next to him. The liquid was being absorbed into the girl's skin. Suddenly, he was a girl, and she was a guy. What was going on?!

To be continued...