 Night was just beginning to envelope the land as he set fourth. A gentle breeze rolled in from the south, rustling the underbrush and carrying with it a thousand fascinating scents. He breathed deep, relishing the bouquet of flowers, fruits, a thousand wild kinds of dung and dark, rich earth. He filled his lungs with the smells of countless unseen beasts and a multitude of roots and leaves and vines. He cast his eyes towards the darkening sky and sucked in more and from somewhere in the expanding cosmos he got a whiff a stars burning. How long had it been since he had breathed that deeply of real fresh air? Took a breath that was not rank with corruption and stagnation? Far too long.

Already he could feel his senses coming alive once more. Strength flooded his limbs and extremities. His heartbeat quickened as he started to walk, the soil warm and lovely beneath his bare feet, the cool wind tickling his bare chest and arms. He paused between two trees, swaying drunkenly as sublime euphoria over took him. Before he could help himself he through back his head and howled. It was long and exuberant, a thousand times deeper than the howl of a wolf. It was an ancient battle cry once heard echoing off the Elysian Fields. It felt so good in his mouth that his face twisted into a huge grin. 

When he finally stopped he panted and felt abashed. That had been imprudent. He had risked so much to come this far and he had scarcely begun with his task. It would do no good to announce himself so plainly. Thousands of ears and eyes waited out there amongst the trees, all of them eager to curry favor and turn him in no doubt. He must keep control of his faculties. For tonight was the night. Tonight he would strike a blow to rock the universe at its core. The Father thought the rebellion had been crushed. Tonight he would learn that what had come before was naught but the opening salvo. Steadying himself, he crouched towards the ground. Concentrating, he sniffed at the earth, trying to locate the scent of his quarry, buried amongst the rest.

His nose twitched and he sniffed again. He grinned once more, his teeth like mountain peaks in his maw. He could smell the sweat of their bodies clearly. There was no doubt about it. They were close. Just a few miles to the east, towards the center of the garden, he was certain. Rising, he moved silently into the foliage and the shadows. There was no rush. He would find them soon enough. And as the last light of day slipped from the sky, he knew he had many hours before the dawn.

*** 

She stirred in the night and cast her eyes to the tree line. A sound in the dark had woken her, and she felt the icy chill grip her heart. It was the same chill she had felt when she and her husband had watched the sky blacken with clouds, then split in two as forks of light ripped through the heavens. She had had shivered then and pressed herself against her husband's body, as they starred at the sky for hours, wondering what had happened to The Father's beautiful blue kingdom. All at once the word had come to her for what she was feeling. Fear. Fresh, new fear, the first ever felt by one of her kind. She had buried her face against her husband, felt his arms take her in and his hands, so strong yet so soft run down her hair and back. She could feel the fear coming from him as well, but he still held her, gently petting her, and as he did she could smell the good smells of his body. The sweet aroma of his unpolluted sweat made her feel at peace. Then they had stepped into the streams of water that poured down from the sky and laughed at their folly. For surely nothing in The Father's garden could do them harm. 

But now the fear was back. The sound tore through the twilight and echoed off the trees and rocks. It was a beast's howl unlike any she had yet heard in the garden. It seemed full of emotions she did not know, unpleasant things she did not wish to feel. Her heart quickened as she scanned the dark. She looked down to her husband, sleeping without care against a tree. A moment ago she had been nestled against him, her head on his chest, dreaming. She shook him. Husband. She said, without needing to open her mouth. He grumbled and stirred a little. 

Husband. Wake.

Wife. What is it? He asked, opening his eyes. 

A sound. Out in the dark. It, it frightened me . 

He smiled wearily. Sweet Wife. Be calm. No harm will come to us in The Father's garden. It was the wind.

Not the wind. It was like no wind I've yet heard.

An animal then. Some beast off foraging. Forget your fear. Sleep dear one. And with that he closed his eyes again and was once more dead to the world. She signed softly and took a deep breath. He was right of course. It was more folly. It was just a strange sound. Perhaps more the product of dreams then of truth. She felt the cold grip slipping off of her heart. 

She was settling back down beside him, ready to fall back into sleep when she cast her eyes once more to the tree line and saw something move. She shot back upright, mouth open, eyes wide. A weak gasp escaped her throat. It was a shadow, moving smoothly through the underbrush. It was shaped somewhat like her husband except much larger. At times it seemed to disappear all together. At other times it would move so suddenly she couldn't keep straight where to look. Then suddenly it stopped. 

The fear had returned, much stronger now. She breathed hard and felt a shiver run from between her shoulders straight to her bottom. Do not be foolish, she told herself. Surely this is but another of The Father's creations. It means my husband and me no harm. Go forward. Greet it. Trembling, she got to her knees and began to creep towards the edge of the clearing. The shape did not move. 

She paused at the edge of the clearing, straining to see more of whatever it was out in the dark. All she could see was that it was crouched about a hundred yards off against a tree, totally hidden by the night save for it's manlike shape and size. Suddenly something happened. Two bright pinpricks opened and shimmered in the dark. Fabulously bright, slit-like eyes fell on her. She gasped in surprise. They seemed to illuminate the face to which they belonged and she could just barely make out some of its dark features. They were something between the look of a man and the look of a beast. Then it smiled. The site of its long, pristine white fangs, made her tremble again. But she steeled herself.

I am Eve, wife of Adam and first daughter of mankind. W-what are you friend? She asked in the tongue of Beasts. The more she looked into that face and into those eyes the less fear she felt and the more something else replaced it. It was not altogether unlike fear in a way, but it was a much more pleasant feeling. It seemed to consume her. She pondered what this new sensation was and then it came to her. Wonder. 

Then the creature spoke. Not in the tongue of Beasts but in the tongue of Man and Woman. No other creature had done this. Its voice was at once soft and sonorous. It had a quality like cool running water, sweetly feeling the ear of her mind. 

Child. Oh, sweet child of the garden. Come, follow me. Let us explore this magnificent night. Come with me...

Then he turned and darted off into the night. She was surprised when she actually laughed to herself. What folly was this? Surely this was the queerest night she had yet seen in the garden. As she watched the beast move away she heard it's words echoing in her head. Come with me...follow me. All at once she decided she would. After all, what harm could come of it? A moonlit frolic in The Father's garden, with a creature as curious as this, was more interesting than another night asleep surely. There would be sleep another time. She rose and began to give chase. 

She stopped briefly and glanced over at her shoulder. Her husband slept on undisturbed. Should she wake him? No . She thought. She turned back to the shadowy figure and followed after it. Whatever happened later, this part was just for her.

***

He darted between the thick bushes, hearing her footfalls behind him. He made certain to stay close enough that she could keep up, but it took restraint. It felt so good to be running again. His arms and legs pumping, feet pounding on the dark ground, with the leaves brushing against his body and tall grass tickling his ankles. He could hear the melodic sound of her laughter as she gave chase. Oh how sweet it was!

She had been fearful when he approached. Even if he had not been able to smell the fear, it was drawn on her so plainly. The way she shook, the way her almond eyes grew so wide, and the way her mouth hung agape. She was afraid and yet she still came forward to see him. She was bold. She was inquisitive. She was perfect. He knew he had been right to go to her first. 

And what a comely form she had been given. He had only ever seen the pair of them from a distance before, through a haze of smoke. Seeing her close now, he could appreciate all her assets. A lithe, compact body, with brown hued flesh, long dark hair, coltish legs and breasts like perfectly ripe grapefruits. She had been made well. Tonight's task would not be without its pleasantries.

He made his way through the dense sea of green and brown, at times whispering back to her. Come child...come...faster...come play in the garden with me... His direction seemed aimless, but he knew exactly where he was heading. At various times the odd set of eyes would flash at him from the dark, but if these beasts ever spoke to him he moved to fast to hear them. Let them chatter. He saw his destination up ahead. 

Picking up speed, he darted towards a root jutting out of the ground. He launched off of it, fantastically high, as he sailed through the air he closed his eyes. He flexed, just as man would flex his muscle, and when he did his form shifted. He felt his bones receding, his skin elongating. There was a brief spasm of discomfort, and then he landed on a cushion of soft grass. He slithered onwards.

***

She stopped, panting, beside a grove of willows. She had lost sight of the creature. Ahead was a clearing. She walked onwards, gazing about for a sign of him. As she broke through the trees she halted. Moonbeams penetrated the canopy and pale light illuminated the setting. She knew this place. The Father had led her and her husband here once, long ago it seemed now. He had spoken to them in the tongue of The Father and bid them to stay away from this place. For the tree that grew in the center of it bore fruit that would bring death.

Father, Adam had asked, what is death? 

It is the end of life my dear child . The Father had answered. It is separation from my presence, exile from my bountiful garden. But let it worry you not my dear ones. For death shall never touch you, lest you disobey my words: EAT NOT THE FRUIT OF THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE.

They had obeyed. She had put the place and the tree out of her mind until this moment. Now, standing at the very edge of trees looking in, she felt trepidation. A cooling breeze swept over her and she felt her nipples grow hard and goose-flesh break over her skin. She took a hesitant step forward. Then another. The breeze swirled a gentle mist of the clearing floor, reflecting the moonlight off of it. The tree seemed to glow. 

Friend? Where are you? Why have you taken me to this forbidden place? She asked, her hands grasping her arms for warmth. 

I am here child. Eve, wife of Adam, first daughter of mankind, come forward. There is no reason to fear. Here, come and find me. 

The voice was all around her and yet she knew it once it had come from the tree. She walked towards it uncertainly. It was low hanging, but its base was massive. Its leaves seemed somehow greener than the other trees of the garden, its bark browner. It seemed more alive. That was folly though, all things in the garden were alive, and how could one thing live more than another. But folly or not she sensed it was true. An intangible quality to the air around it, as if it radiated some form of heat. What's more, as she drew near she caught a scent on the air unlike any other. It was at once tart and sweet. It was rich and pleasant in a way she could not describe. As she stepped under it's branches she looked up and saw the fruit hanging low. Huge and red and ripe, they were close enough to touch.

I am here, beautiful one . The voice said. She looked to her side and in the branch closest to her she saw it, twisting its way across the bark, moving like water. It's head was raised and it's tongue darted in and out. 

Are you the beast I chased?

I am, lovely Eve, I am.

You do not look as you did.

I can take many pleasing forms. In this form I am called serpent. Though, no I form I take could be half so pleasing as yours.... 

As it spoke, it lowered itself towards her. It's head slid down closer and closer to hers, until at last it was actually slithering around her shoulders.

I should not be here . She said softly. A shudder ran through her body as it touched her. She did not feel like herself. 

Why?

B-because, The Father...he...he forbade my husband and I from eating the fruit of this tree. It brings death.

Death? This beautiful tree? I think not my dear, I think not. It was slithering slowly around her now, gently coiling itself around her neck and shoulders. She looked up and saw the fruits again, and felt her mouth water looking at them. 

The Father would not lie. She protested weakly, and she heard a hint of doubt in her own voice as she gazed upwards longingly. 

The Father wished to keep you and your mate meek my dear, meek and docile creatures. But this tree...this tree could make you so much more. 

What...what powers do it's fruits hold that The Father would not let us possess?

Would you like to see....? 

Her mouth hung open. His voice was so, so inviting, and smell was so sweet. It took a moment for her to realize that the serpent was no longer on her shoulders. There no longer was a serpent. Now a man shaped thing was behind her. His body pressed against hers. His hands were wrapping around her waist, embracing her as her husband embraced her. Except, there was something else. Something new. Her body quivered as his hands gingerly slipped upwards, taking her breasts under them. Something pressed against her, hard as stone, throbbing and alive.

She could smell him. His musk was sweet and masculine. Having him hold her was nothing at all like when her husband did. Then there was only warmth and love and devotion. Here was something new entirely. A feeling that coursed through her from the tips of her nipples to the nub of flesh between her legs, like a longing.

What...what am I feeling? She asked dazedly, straining to keep her thoughts in order. 

"It is called lust, my lovely." He spoke aloud, and as he did his breath fell hotly on her ear and she shook once more. His large hands squeezed at her breasts and he rolled his thick thumbs around her dark areolas. She leaned backwards and rested her head against his chest. With one hand he reached outward towards the nearest fruit, whilst the other began to slide back down her body, over her stomach, down between her legs. She breathed hard.

His arms were nearly as broad as small tree trunks and he plucked the orb from the branch with no trouble at all. She felt his fingers sliding down her, through her patch of sable hair, over her mounds and onto her warm, slick lips below. "I will give you choice now Eve, wife of Adam." He said softly as his fingers deftly parted her lips and pressed against the throbbing jewel of her sex. She gasped and felt her knees buckle but he held her up. His fingers began to turn and twist on her. They moved a circle, slowly, rhythmically, pressing down just a little harder, and a little harder. He held the fruit before her lips. It looked tiny in his massive hand. "Would you like to eat?"

She began to writhe against him. His fingers moved faster and faster and her flesh ached for it. She could feel the juiced of her body gushing out of her. She opened her mouth. "Aw. Aaaw....Aaaah!" She closed her eyes. And she took a bite.

***

He watched with wild elation as her teeth sank into the soft flesh. As they did her body squirmed and quaked under the skilled touch of his fingers, moving on her slick, stiffened pearl. She moaned aloud even as the juice of the forbidden fruit cascaded over her lips and chin, her mouth full of its meat and nectar. He could feel the heavy thud of his hammering heart in his rips, as his body moved in sync with hers, grinding himself against her slowly, rolling his dexterous hands with ever increasing force and speed. He held the fruit closer to her and she bit into it once more eagerly. His engorged member pulsed and ached as it pressed against the curves of her writhing buttocks.

"Is it sweet, child? Sweeter than anything you've yet tasted?" he whispered breathily into her hear. 

"Y-yes...huh, huh...." She cooed, her sweet voice wavering. She went weak in the knees again and her hand reached back behind his head to steady herself, lacing her fingers into the locks of his hair. Her free hand reached out and grasped hold of his, pushing into what was left in his palm into her mouth tearing into it with desperate, greedy relish.

His hands dropped to her waist and he turned her to face him. The look on her face thrilled him. Fear and shock yes, but in her wide, liquid eyes, there was awe and desire. It was all so new to her. Knowledge flooded her addled mind and soul and she was stricken by it. She wanted more. She stared back at him; her lips and cheeks streaked with nectar and pulp. "I can think of something sweeter." He growled softly, as his callused hands gripped her back. He plunged his face into hers, kissing her fully, his tongue exploring the cavern of her mouth. 

He felt her tense under him and then submit, letting her tongue dance with his, letting her hands fall down the sides of his trunk like arms. He ground himself against her body and she grunted with pleasure as he did. His hands wandered the landscape of her breasts and back and bottom. Oh proud creator, can you see her now? He thought, as he grabbed hold of her wrist. Your most prized creation, your innocent daughter, stands before me, reveling in her own corruption. Her sin is so sweet a reward! 

He guided her hand downwards. She let him place it on the staff of his pulsating erection without any resistance. She broke her lips from his and looked at him with eyes alight. She gripped him firmly, squeezing it gently but determinedly. He looked at her in silence, breathing hard.

"This...is wickedness? This is sin?" she asked at last.

"Yes. There is no goodness in this. Only pleasure. Wicked, sinful pleasure." 

She was silent a moment longer. Then she smiled. "I want more."

***

It was all coming so fast. Her mind's eye flashed with a multitude of images, each more carnal than the last. Truths she never dreamed she would know surged into her. Why had she been denied this up until now? The rush of it was all consuming. New words came to her. New feelings. New possibilities. She could see other men and women, just like her and her husband, writhing in the earth and mud, their faces twisted in expressions of pure bliss as they moved with each other. She saw faces in a sea of dark, hideous and cruel, laughing. 

At the same time, she was still right there rooted to the spot, looking at this man, this beautiful man who was not her husband, with strong hands and fierce eyes. He was putting his hands on her shoulders and saying something. The words came from far away. "Kneel....kneel and worship me." 

She was obeying. Her trembling body was lowing into the wisps of mist upon the ground. As she did she looked up at him. He looked huge to her from here. Before her face jutted the obelisk of his manhood. Penis. She thought. The word came to her from nowhere. Then came another. Cock. His cock.
