 As a writer sometimes your mind wanders to a "wouldn't it be weird if" type scenarios and in this story I have tried to explore how a woman might feel in a man's body, and vice versa. I fully accept that the vehicle used to make it happen is a little far fetched, or perhaps it can be chalked up to 'artistic license.' Hope you enjoy and any constructive feedback would be appreciated. 

***** 

Robbie glanced at himself in the mirrored reflection of the walls as he sat in the corner of the bar 'checking out the talent' as he called it, wondering to himself which little lady was going to get lucky tonight. Robbie casually turned his head from side to side making sure his dirty blonde hair fell like it was naturally unkempt yet he knew it cost a fortune to have cut to perfect that shaggy look. His beard had the same almost scruffy but on the right side of tidy look, his pearly white teeth dazzled and his blue eyes shone in his lightly tanned face. At 30 he knew he was in perfect condition, keeping himself trim and dressed immaculately, which gave him a high success rate with the right type of woman. Ignoring the group of 20 something girls giving him the eye, as he knew from experience they would promise more than they gave out, his gaze settled on a solo blonde sitting at a table near the door. 

He put her age in the mid 30s which was a good age group, though over 40s seemed to fall over quicker and over 50 was a cert, she should succumb to his charm with a bit of work. Robbie checked her hands noticing she wasn't wearing a wedding ring, and studying closer was disappointed not to see an indentation which was a sign the woman had slipped it in her bag hoping to get picked up. Studying her figure Robbie thought she looked in good shape, which again was a minus sign as the ones with a few extra pounds were more likely to put out. Her blonde hair was long and straight and fell to a bob on her shoulders, that framed her pretty elfin face, with a cute button nose and lovely deep emerald eyes. 

Robbie scanned the bar a final time to check for any easier targets, but blondie seemed to be the best chance. His mind was made up when she stood and the tight-fitting dress accentuated her slim figure and did nothing to hide her large full breasts. He saw her sigh, pick up her bag and head for the smoking area out the back of the bar. 

Debbie was inwardly furious at being stood up despite all the promises Denise had made to be on time so they could decide their future. Debbie remembered walking into the flat she and Denise had shared and hearing noises from their bedroom. Opening the door to find her lover Denise and some young slip of a girl locked in a 69 position furiously licking and fingering each other to an orgasm. The air had turned blue as Debbie had flown into a rage as she screamed and shouted throwing them both out into the hallway naked though in a small act of mercy Debbie had thrown their clothes out after them before proceeding to throw herself on the bed and cry herself to sleep. 

For the next week Denise had plagued Debbie with emails, texts & calls begging to be given another chance as she was so sorry. She tried to claim that it was a one off as the young 18-year-old girl had thrown herself at her begging Debbie to help her to explore her bi side. Debie knew that Denise being the predatory lesbian she was wouldn't have been able to resist the challenge of converting another one, as she so quaintly put it. Debbie agreed to meet that evening on the strict understanding Denise would be on time but by the looks of it that chapter of her life was over. 

Debbie fished out her cigarettes and tried to get her lighter to work and at the same time suck back the tears of self-pity she could feel whelming up. Cursing under her breath Debbie looked round the smoking area, which was deserted as so few people smoked these days, wondering if now was the time to finally quit. Then the door opened and she saw the man standing there, she groaned inwardly as he had the look of a player who no doubt would try to hit on her. Deciding she would be civil until she at least got a light Debbie smiled and said, "don't suppose you have got a light please?" 

Robbie was in two minds about pursuing this one once he realised she was a smoker and he found his desire cooling a little, but decided there was always doggy style if the cigarette smell was too much. As she asked him for a light he stared over her shoulder and couldn't help himself as he said, "oh... my... fucking... god." 

Debbie was stunned by the words that greeted her request, then realised he was staring behind her with a look of shock, horror and fear. She went to turn to see what he was looking at when suddenly the whole world went black. 

***** 

Robbie groaned as he opened his eyes and then shut them again quickly against the bright lights. Keeping them screwed tightly shut he recalled recent events remembering following the blonde outside, the smoking area, the little men in space suits. It was the last thought that made Robbie sit up and open his eyes wide in shock as he repeated out loud, "men in space suits." 

It was at the point two things hit him, the first, which wasn't all that strange was that he was totally naked and not in his own bed. The second, which was a bit strange to say the least was that he had a pair of breasts, and glancing down quite a nice pair at that. Pulling the sheet further down Robbie could only squeak as instead of his, what he liked to think of, magnificent 7 and half inch cock was a fuzz of blonde pubic hair. Grabbing quickly to check his eyes hadn't deceived him he found his hand encounter a neatly trimmed pussy. 

Robbie's mind was whirring and although finding the situation strange he rationalised in his brain that he must be hallucinating. Deciding to make the most of his hallucination and as he had often said to his mates, "if I was a woman I would just stay in bed and play with myself all day," he started to rub his new found pussy and insert a finger in. 

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING TO MY BODY?" shouted a voice and Robbie stopped his touching and opened his eyes to find himself staring at his own body standing next to him. His body was totally naked and the face screwed up in anger, but at the same time had a semi erection. 

Debbie was still trying to find more words as she watched her own body clumsily touching itself but had been stunned to silence when she glanced at the mirrored walls and realised that it was a man staring back at her. 

"Sorry," said Robbie from Debbie's body, "I just couldn't resist." 

Neither noticed the very pale smoke coming from the vents but as they both inhaled they became visibly more relaxed. 

"I understand," said Debbie in Robbie's body, "being a lesbian all my life it was pretty hot watching, even if you were doing it all wrong." 

"Looks like it is having an effect," said Robbie, "well it's having an effect on my body you are in." 

Debbie glanced down and could see her cock was starting to grow and stiffen making her feel tingly in her nether regions. "Guess as it's my body," said Debbie, "I should show you how to use it." 

Debbie stared at her own body lying on the bed and gently traced a nail around the left nipple making it stand, "Oh that feels good," said Robbie from inside Debbie's body. Debbie bent her head and taking the now erect nipple between her teeth gave a delicate squeeze which elicited another groan. Debbie knew her way well round a woman's body, but knew her own body even better, knowledge she was about to put to very good use. As she used her teeth on each nipple in turn her fingers traced down each flank and across the pelvic bone in a delicate raking motion causing goose bumps to appear on the skin. 

Inside Debbie's body Robbie's brain was spinning with pleasure, he couldn't believe it could feel so good and she had even penetrated her yet. When he went to move his hands to help he found them being firmly pushed away with a soft, "just enjoy." Robbie was almost whimpering as fingers found his clit and with featherlight touches teased and manipulated it causing him to squirm. When finally a finger slipped inside his wetness Robbie felt a small orgasm shiver through his body. 

Debbie smiled inside Robbie's body as she saw her own body writhing under the skilled touch and she knew there would be a few more 'minis' before the biggie, so she returned to rolling the clit between her fingers, varying the pace and pressure. The only thing that was putting Debbie off was the thing between her legs that was now jutting out in front of her. She had worn strap-ons many times but none of them ached and throbbed like this one did. Deciding to ignore it for a little longer she bent her head so she could put her tongue to work, though it did sound a little strange as she thought to herself that she would be licking her own pussy. 

If Robbie had thought the sensations so far had been great, nothing had prepared him for what came next. As the tongue flicked at his clit Robbie felt like a pressure bomb was starting to build somewhere deep inside. 

Debbie flicked at the clit with her tongue, then fastening her lips round it sucked it in before gently clamping her teeth on it. Debbie was pretty certain she knew what effect this would be having on her body and from the noises and movements she was right. Tugging on the clit Debbie knew the moment was close and drove two fingers deep into the pussy feeling them slide in easily. 

Robbie felt like he was going to explode as he was penetrated, his pussy opening to receive the fingers with eagerness. Arching his ass up off the bed he forced his pussy upwards and groaned with sheer pleasure as a 3rd finger opened his pussy further. 

Debbie loved the was her own body responded to her touch and was now fucking with 3 fingers fast and deep, the squelching noises filling the room until finally with a guttural shout Debbie's pussy squirted over the fingers fucking her. Debbie didn't stop and kept fingering, demanding that her body stayed on the peak of the orgasmic hill, her other hand tweaking nipple or clit at random times. 

Robbie felt like his whole body had exploded as sensation after sensation ran through like a raging flood. Not one, but orgasm after orgasm crashed though him, like mighty waves hitting a beach in a violent storm. Finally he collapsed on the bed, totally spent, and opening his eyes looked up at Debbie in his body, who said in a lust laden voice, "now I am going to fuck you." 

Robbie had never had a gay feeling in his life, not that he had anything against gays but being penetrated just wasn't his thing. The only time he had been penetrated was by a married woman he had picked up one night who insisted on fingering his ass as she sucked his cock. Saying all that, at that moment the only thing screaming from every pore in his body was... he wanted to get fucked. 

Debbie had always found the male body repulsive, well with clothes on maybe OK, but naked, with the dangly bits, no thank you. Yet at that moment, with a raging hard on in her hand, Debbie only had one burning thought in her brain, 'breed her.' 

It was like two heavy clouds, the type that caused thunder and lightning, colliding in her brain as Debbie grasped an ankle in each hand of what was her own body with Robbie inside and thrust forward at the pussy. She missed on her first attempt but saw her own body's hand, guided by Robbie's brain, grasp the cock and guide it home. The grabbing on the cock sent electric shocks through her, and the sensation of sinking into a warm wet pussy was so amazing to Debbie. Then like she was possessed she began to fuck hard and deep, slamming in far more vigorously than she had ever used a strap on with any of her partners. 

Robbie couldn't believe the feelings he was experiencing of being penetrated, the messages his brain was receiving were unlike anything he had ever felt before. He could feel something building deep inside, like an earthquake rumbling and growing, his nerve endings tingling and then the sudden shock of stimulation from between his legs. He could see that Debbie in his body was tweaking his clit as she fucked and this sent him over the top as the orgasm burst causing him to scream and writhe. 

Debbie could feel the pussy contract round the cock, previously something she had only felt on her fingers when she had bought her partner to a climax. This was different as in some ways less specifically sensitive yet at the same time more intense. Debbie knew she was about to cum before it happened, but when it did it was like she could feel each spurt shooting from the end of the cock. 

Spent, Debbie collapsed onto Robbie and tried to catch her breath as Robbie did the same, and neither of them noticed the thin vapour filling the room and they both slipped into unconscious together. 

***** 

Debbie awoke with a blinding headache and blinked a few times against the light as she tried to clear her head. It was good to be back in her own room and see normal things around her, then laughing out loud she said to herself, "I had the weirdest dream last night, no a nightmare, just glad I woke up." Debbie threw back the covers and got out of bed and as she stretched she caught sight of herself in the mirror started to scream and scream.