 I had been self-conscious about my penis size and had no sex life to speak of. I was desperate and determined to become at least average size. I had tried everything from herbal remedies to those pumps that stretch your little guy to the point of popping. There were some results but not nearly what I had expected.

Out of desperation, I checked out options for surgery. The warnings on the internet were horrifying and the cost was outrageous yet after months of deliberating I decided have the surgery. 

I submitted a request for the time off from my job for the duration that that the doctor advised. My boss never read why and signed the papers signed must have sensed the urgency in my request. 

''Don't worry, we will be here when you get back," she said before I left the office.

When I placed the time off authorization on the personnel desk, I was shocked. I had left the brochure describing the surgery in detail and the date of the surgery mixed in with the time off request forms. My boss had seen them and made sure to place them discretely inside the other papers so they were just visible enough for me to see them. I also noticed that she had granted me more time off than I had requested. I must have had the papers together when I left for work. I discretely removed the articles and placed the rest on the desk. My boss had been aware the whole time and that I had lied but she granted me the time off. Before I could think of a reason, the secretary took the papers.

My heart raced as I left the building. My boss knew about the surgery. I got in my car and heard the notification on my phone that a new text message was in. It was my boss. She made it very clear that if I needed more time that all I had to do was ask. I responded nervously with a simple, "I am sorry for the lie and Thanks." I must be going crazy to have been so sloppy I thought to myself.

She replied, "No harm done and this will be our little or big secret."

The hospital was located in Seattle Washington and was considered the best for this type of surgery. I felt anxious as the plane took off. The tissue samples had been sent months ago and all the arrangements were made in advance for the surgery. No turning back now. I thought with a nervous sigh.

The taxi pulled up to a tall glass building. When the taxi pulled away, I stood at the entrance for a long moment thinking about what I was going to have done. I walked to the front desk and asked myself if I was willing to risk all my manhood for this? Mr. Willie seemed to think so when a very sexy young woman stood up from behind the desk greeted me. She was dressed in a short black business skirt with jet-black stockings, low cut button down top and high heels. She handed me a few sheets of paper with a flirting smile and pointed to the elevators. "You need to go to the third floor. Your doctor will be Dr. Simons," she said kindly and walked away shifting her hips like a five speed transmission.

They sure know how to convince a guy I thought as I made my way to the elevators. That was the longest elevator ride ever in my life.

The nurse took the papers and led me to the pre-op room. I didn't have to wait long before another nurse led me to the exam room and performed the general physical. She instructed me to change into a gown and place my personals in the lock box. She explained that the Dr. Simons would meet with me very soon and then shut the door. I felt so vulnerable in the gown as it had no bottom. It was more like a thin bathrobe. A nurse took me to the operating room and we waited together for the surgeon.

"Hellow, I am Dr. Simons. I will be your surgeon. Let us see what we have to work with shall we?" he said while the nurse helped me on to the operating table.

The nurse wrote down the measurements that the doctor read out loud. I felt my balls ache when he held them back to measure every possible part of my anatomy. My penis shrunk when he stretched it over the cold ruler. Simons drew some lines on my pelvis and under my scrotum. He made some marks near my navel.

"It looks like we will be able to work out all the details you requested in your application. We have successfully grown everything we needed to complete the process from the tissue samples we received. We will need to perform two surgeries. The first will be to prepare your body for the extra tissue and organic transplant. The second surgery will to build the medium for the nerves to connect. You will not only look good but fell everything as well. The medicine you have been taking has prepared your body for a rapid nerve regeneration. Your full recovery should only be about four months," he explained.

"That's sounds like a long surgery," I hesitated.

"It is necessary to be sure to get every detail correct. We will be doing very delicate connections. The medication you have been taking ensures that the nerve endings will regenerate quite quickly provided the connections are done correctly," he assured me.

"You're the doc so I guess we can get on with it," I said nervously.

They started an intravenous anesthetic. I was soon out.

I woke up slowly feeling dizzy. At first, I was unsure where I was. There were instruments wired to my left wrist and another intravenous in my right wrist. It slowly came back to me where I was. Was this the first surgery? I thought not sure why I was unable to move or speak. There was a tube down my throat and a machine was breathing for me. My entire body was numb from my neck down. A curtain was drawn across my chest and I could not see anything.

What the hell went wrong? I thought in a panic. I heard my heart beating in my ears. I managed to turn my head and gasped in faint cry for help. The room became very busy in just moments. A nurse advised me that I would be put unconscious for a moment so they could take the breathing tube out. I nodded my aching head and was again sedated.

I woke up again to a much quieter room this time. I was able to look around the small room. The only lights in the room were reflections from the blinking led display on the pulse monitor. There was still an intravenous in my right wrist and a pulse monitor on my finger. My throat burned and felt the feeding tube was still in place. I was able to move some but my head was still spinning.

Though very dizzy, I managed to sit up slightly. The blankets felt warm and heavy. I was relieved to be able to feel anything. Aside from a sore throat and headache, I felt no other pain. Was this it? Am I recovered now? I thought to myself.

I did feel different, much different. I felt a new sensation that was unlike anything I had ever felt before. It felt like a cramp inside my pelvis. It wasn't a strong pain nor was it a pain at all. It was like a tightness deep inside my groin. That is when I realized that something was not right. 

Though my head was spinning, I tried to reach the remote to raise my bed forward. My right arm brushed against a large firm breast. Shocked and horrified I sat up and pulled the top of my gown off. I stared down in terror to find a pair of breasts with dark puffy areolas and nipples the size of lima beans. All I could do was stare at them rising and falling with every quick breath. I cupped each breast and pulled them upward with trembling hands. What did they do to me? How did this happen? I thought.

I was deep in thought. I felt every inch of each breast in disbelief wile my hands explored from the top of my chest to the underside to my very sensitive nipples. In moments, a powerful desire began to grow from deep inside my body when I brushed my fingers over my nipples. I squeezed and pinched them between my fingers. My entire body tingled with arousal. I felt a new sense of pleasure spread all over my body.

What was happening? I asked myself as my hands peeled off the heavy blankets. I reached down and to my amazement, I found a nine inch penis throbbing and pulsating with each beat of my heart. My hands caressed my body up to the underside of my breasts and over my nipples and felt a strong erotic flutter from deep within my groin. 'No way!' I thought to myself. Without hesitation, I reached behind the base of my massive cock and found the hot and wet labia. I spread them and found the tight entrance to my vagina.

I should have been in shock and panicking out of my mind but instead I was overcome with the insatiable desire known only by woman. I no longer feared what had happened to my body. My focus at that moment was how I was going to fill my pussy. When I penetrated the entrance of my heat with two fingers, a long moan escaped my mouth. I felt so hot and tight inside. That was the first time I heard my voice. It was the voice of a woman overcome with ecstasy. Each penetration was accompanied by a strong pulsating sensation that started from my labia and shot to the tip of my bulging cock head. The tip of my penis throbbed and felt like it was going to explode. Even with the catheter in place precum oozed down my long shaft. My right hand rapped my pussy while my left fondled my tender breasts.

My mind went numb with pleasure when the first of many strong orgasms surged through my body. The orgasms built up in intensity until a shock wave of pleasure like no other orgasm ever experienced by a male. Only a woman's body can experience the true potential of a whole body orgasm. I could barely breathe when the convulsions started. Bolts of pleasure shot through my body. My nipples felt like hot coals. Before I arched stiffly backwards, I experienced a simultaneous release of every sensual part of my body. The orgasms forced my penis and vagina to ejaculate. The sounds of my vagina contracting reminded me of wet feed on a shower floor. I lay on my back and trembled. I felt hot cum run down my penis and cum sprayed out of my vagina on the insides of my thighs.

The rapid motions made the pulse monitor fall off. In a few moments, the room was filled with nurses and eventually Dr. Simons came in. The found the writhing body of a woman with a nine-inch penis that was recovering from orgasmic trauma. They covered my nude cum soaked body with blankets and the feeding tube was removed. When they removed the catheter from my pulsating cock it instantly stimulated another strong orgasm. I ejaculated from my penis and vagina again. I laid on the bed panting and out of breath. I managed a weak babbling that asked, "What the hell was that?"

"No more wires and no more monitors. Dr. Simons pulled a chair closer to my bed and asked me how I was feeling."

"I take it that the surgery was successful but what the hell did you do to me?" I asked when I pulled the blankets above my waist. My penis still oozing ejaculate.

"It is quite obvious that you did not request this procedure. I can only explain why this happened. The procedure was entered wrong in the system to begin with. The charts were set up for two procedures while the process was scheduled to perform gender enhancement instead of organ enhancement. You were supposed to get your penis enlarged and instead you were given the gender enhancement. All went to hell immediately after we did the endocrine and organ implants. If the process was reversed it would have killed you. We had to induce coma for three months. You came to every so often the shock sent your heart into afib so we induced the coma again to keep your body from rejecting the implants. You would have died otherwise," Simons explained in detail.

"So there is no return, not that I want to? I am to spend the rest of my life as a five foot nine woman with a nine inch penis," I said with a sarcastic tone. I was still not used to my new feminine voice.

"A very attractive woman with thirty-four DD breasts, a complete and fully developed woman's reproductive system and not to mention all the hormones to maintain two separate endocrine systems. I am afraid there is no going back. We are so sorry for the mistake. The procedure obviously will be no charge and you will be compensated financially for the rest of your life for this mistake. I can say for sure you are very fortunate to be here.

Most enhancements require long durations of therapy and rehabilitation not to mention hormone supplements. You on the other hand will never need hormone supplements. Your new endocrine system functions perfectly. You're originally started out with a lower testosterone level to begin with hence your underdeveloped penis size. The new hybridized hormones took over. These hormones have helped your healing internally as well as externally.

He took my hands and pulled me up to my feet. He moved out of the way so I could get a full view. I unbuttoned my gown and let it fall to the floor. I was amazed at the reflection staring back at me. In my mind, there should have been a thirty-four year old male with a big penis. There stood in front of me an attractive woman with large breasts with puffy nipples that also had a penis, which had started to get hard by what I was seeing.

My body was quite feminine for not starting out as a female. My arms took on a more feminine shape as well as my legs. My thighs had become fleshier. My hips had become wider through a process called skeletal augmentation.

My penis stuck out stiff and long. I pulled it up and turned my body. I saw for the first time the dark fleshy lips of my pussy. I watched my hands caress my body. It was like watching someone else make love to myself. I watched myself caress my own body. The idea of exploring my new body sent shivers through my entire body. I was as horny as hell. I wanted to fuck myself so hard. My breathing became heavy and my nipples became erect. If it were not for Dr. Simons standing there, I would have rubbed one out.

"You can experience the pleasures of both sexes. You can experience the orgasms of a woman and ejaculate like a man. We confirmed the hormone levels are in check after you had your first period."

"Wait a minute Doc, I had a period? I mean a real bloody period? Can I get pregnant?" I asked nervously.

"Yes, you have had a period about two weeks ago. You can't get pregnant nor can you impregnate other woman. Although you are menstruating fertilization is impossible as your cells are hostile to sperm cells. Your new hyper immune system acts like a spermicide and prevents any chance of procreation or impregnation. You will menstruate regularly and if you stimulate your breasts often enough you can induce lactation," he explained in depth.

Dr. Simons asked if I would allow him to do one more gynaecological exam before I left. I consented and was assisted by a nurse and placed in an exam chair. My legs were placed in the stirrups and spread far apart and bent nearly to my chest. I felt vulnerable yet horny. I could feel the cold instrument penetrate my vagina spread my hole wide. I was quite aroused at this point and pre come was oozing from my penis. I could feel Dr. Simons breath blow against my labia. I jumped when the swab touched me deep inside. The tip of the swab penetrated my cervix and caused it to palpitate. My nipples tightened and my penis jolted. I wanted to cum so bad.

Over a few days, I was taught some feminine hygiene and did some classes about menstrual cycles. I was ready to be released. The nurses gave me a set of clothes that fit nicely. I did have a problem with my nipples. They were so puffy they showed through my bra. I had to use thick to hide them. The hospital set up an account through which I was to receive my compensation and I said goodbye. I was relieved to be going home finally.

I was waiting at the airport terminal when I noticed a man sitting across the terminal from me. He was young and well dressed. I could tell by his posture and the look of his arms that he had a muscular build. His hair was dark and short. His shoulders were broad.

I felt my pussy became wet at the thought of his hands stripping off my clothes and his big strong hands fondling my breasts. The thought of his fingers pinching my erect nipples between his fingers just before he thrust his thick long cock deep into my tight hole made me slide my hand under my panties and finger my soaked pussy. I tried to imagine how good his penis would feel when it penetrated my tight vagina. The feel of his strong thrusts in and out of my tight hot cunt would make me cry and purr. To feel our hips slamming together like waves crashing into rocks. Oh how I wanted him to cum inside me to fill me full of his juices and then to slam his cock back in and force his cum deeper into my inner sex. My penis had become erect and was throbbing, wanting to fill a tight hole. I was so aroused that a shrieked out loud.

Thankfully there was enough noise in the terminal to cover my yelp for the most part. There was one woman that smiled at me and winked while she pointed down at her crotch. I took it as a signal to check my own crotch and found that I had wet myself with my own juices.

I caught myself off guard. For the first time I found myself being sexually attracted to a man. Five months ago, the thought of another man's penis would have made me ill. The reality of what I had become turned on a lust for sex for both genders had become an obsession. I would have fucked that man until he passed out and I still would have rammed his ass to satisfy my long cock. My mind became so obsessed with the possibilities that I nearly missed my flight.

When I stood up, I had to adjust my rock hard penis so it didn't show under my skirt. The woman on the other end of the terminal must have noticed something different because she walked beside me the entire way through the terminal and kept bumping her ass against my throbbing cock. I noticed that her carry on bag had a book. "Collage Biology New Edition" was written on the book end. Maybe they have something in there like me, I thought as we walked along the narrow corridor. It was all I could do to keep from fucking her right there in the terminal.

We got on the plane and took our seats. The young woman would look over at me once in a while at me. She was very attractive. She could not be more than twenty to twenty two years of age. She was taller than I, with long dark blond hair. Her face had soft lines and her eyes were dark brown. Her breasts were small and perky. Her slim figure made her hips look wider and her legs looked longer. She had a large firm ass. It was impossible for me to not look at her when she turned to look at me.

I needed to use the ladies room and had to walk past the young lady along the way. When I was beside her, I felt her hand caress my left thigh. Without looking at her, I tapped her shoulder. She stood up shortly after I passed her and made her way to the ladies room as well. I went in first and in a moment, she knocked on the door. Before she could knock, again I opened the door and pulled her in with me. Even though it was very cramped, we managed to shut the door.

In less than a minute, we were nude and kissing passionately. Her hands groped my breasts and I fondled her tight ass. My cock was pressed between her tight thighs. Our bodies grew hot and sweaty in the cramped room but we managed to position our bodies so she was able to lower her very tight pussy on my thick long shaft. I could tell that it was her first cock by the look in her eyes. Her vagina was so tight and hot. It felt like it melted over my penis. I looked into her deep brown eyes and saw her excitement growing. I could feel her nipples growing harder against my flesh as my penis penetrated deeper into her pussy. Surprisingly she was able to receive the entire length of my penis.

We kissed some more while she tightened down on my penis. I held back my temptation to thrust inside her heat. It was enough that her vagina was so tight and hot. I felt her orgasm start from deep inside her. Her breaths became shorter. I felt her contracting rhythmically and she bucked like a bitch under her mate. My penis was stabbing her in the cervix. Her cries became gasps. I was on the edge of a strong orgasm but her tightness prevented me from thrusting.
