 Aine was a witch. She may not have been your idea of a witch, but a witch she was nonetheless. She had attended the Grand Academy of Wellness at Yellowknife and had posted the highest grades of her class. She was a very skilled healer, in all likelihood the finest of her age in the entire world, for she was a mere twenty-two years old. 

On this the day we first encounter her, it is the fifth of August, 2621, we find her running fully nude through a field of grass and wildflowers pursued by an equally nude young man, his name in Gerold, a brewer's apprentice in the nearby town of Hedgemond, Yukon on the coast of the Sea of Darkness.

In the days before it was humanity's principal sea of commerce it had been known as The Arctic Ocean and was completely frozen over year round. It was a place visited only by the strongest of body and mind. Many lost their lives in the quest to tame this region, but that was all in the past. Today, it is only the great adventurers who dare to cross the equator. A region of severe storms and great heat. It is said that on the hottest of days the surface of the ocean will come close to boiling and millions of dead fish will float upon the surface. Beyond the equator in the far south there are other nations, smaller and more primitive than those in the north. Peoples who inhabit Australia, the southern portion of South America and Antarctica. In the centuries since the great melt, the divide between Southern and Northern culture grows greater and very few cross the equator to visit the other. Earth in the twenty-fifth century is one planet that contains two worlds.

The Sea of Darkness derives its name from the fact that night rules over it for a half a year at a time. It could just as easily have been called the Sea of Day for the other half of the year the sun never sets. It is this time of year when we first meet Aine, running nude through a field followed by a randy young fellow who is determined to give her the fucking of her life if he can catch her. Of course Aine wants to be caught. She desires that fucking as much as Gerold, but it's more fun for her if she makes him work for it. His cock is standing tall and whacking each of his thighs rhythmically creating a polyrhythm with his labored panting. It will take Aine's cooperation to relax his member since it was her lips that aroused it in the first place. This young witch did truly love to suck cock which she had started doing in the storage room at the brewery, a place to which she would have to return in order to retrieve her clothing at some point. Nudity was permissible for a witch, there was no shame in it, but the uniform of her profession helped her be taken seriously, the black robe with the sigil of the academy. Of course, the robe was now tossed over a copper tank at said brewery and she was running deliciously nude through a field as I said before.

For the reader to get the full effect I suppose I should describe her. Aine's ancestors had come from Ireland and she bore many of the signature features of that people. She had pale freckled skin and a long mane of curly red/blonde hair which was at this moment partially tamed by a strip of white cloth binding it halfway through its length. Her lips and her nipples were a deep pink. She never wore makeup of any kind, but everyone assumed she rouged. She was plump of limb and curvy of ass with a fine and firm pair of good sized tits of which she was justly proud. Her eyes, oh if only there were gods to thank for her eyes! They were a deep ultramarine, like the Sea of Darkness lit by the full Moon! Her smile was the most natural and inviting expression a person could ever see and just felt like an invitation to kiss her perfect plump lips. To see her is to want to touch her. To touch her is to want to fuck her. By great good luck, fucking is on her list of favorite things in life!

The brewer's boy proved to be up to the challenge and finally caught her about the waist bringing her down upon the grass covered soft earth. There upon the ground they fucked long and hard like all of the other beasts of the field. In this moment their humanity was truly one with the wild.

As they lay panting in the afterglow, Aine took the binding from her hair and wiped away Gerold's sweat from his armpits and around his scrotum while she planted many soft kisses upon his cock and balls.

Arm in arm they walked back to the brewery. If course Gerold was dressed down by his foreman until he got a good look at what had distracted the lad from his chores his attitude warmed. "Well done, boy!" he muttered as he cuffed him on the back of the head. "Now get that busy willie back to work or I'll dock ya for sure! And miss, ya best dress yourself and go before other workers get ideas, I know I have one or two, and no work gets done today!"

"Have no fears", she said, "I have gotten what I need here!" 

Again in her robes, Aine walked up the road to where her brown dappled mare, Malenki by name, grazed upon the tall grass. She opened a bag attached to her saddle and took out a glass jar that she placed the cloth from her hair in and sealed it. There was chemistry in the sweat of an aroused young man that was sovereign for many complaints. It was potent stuff that the village lads always seemed happy to give up for free. She had heard the name of Gerold mentioned by local girls and thought that paying him a social call would have benefits for all concerned. She planned that they would meet again at least one more time before the boy turned twenty and the concentrations of the medicine in his sweat would drop.

Her house was an hour away, but she didn't rush her mount. The sun wouldn't set for at least three months.

At home, her panel was lit with a message alert. The Academy was eager to see her work on hormone extracts. Also, her former headmistress noted that the high witch Rhone Glynnes had expressed interest in the work and she was seeking a new apprentice. 

She messaged back that she had been doing work on it this very day and that being apprenticed to a high witch would be a great honor, but the competition must be stiff. Even if her chances were poor, they would be none if she did not apply at all. Aine spent the next few hours composing a letter of introduction to Rhone. She started all over twice before it had the exact tone she wanted and even then she sat and stared at it for many minutes before she finally sent it.

After she had slept, bathed and breakfasted, Aine was on the road to Maqat to examine a girl who wished to attend the Academy. Her name was Flora Johnstone. At 18, she was rather old to be starting at the Academy. Her recently deceased mother had been an invalid and she had been obliged to care for her, but with her passing she became free to pursue her own ambitions. If accepted, she would be three years older than most of the first form class.

The town was on hard times. A generation before they had some wealth, but of late crops had done poorly and many families had moved away. They had no local witch and Flora hoped to go to the Academy to learn to fill that role.

Aine was given a private room in a villager's house, the master bedroom, to meet with Flora.

The girl was not at all what Aine had expected. She was one point eight meters tall. Lean but not skinny. Her face was beautiful. Perfect, flawless skin, almost transparent with slightly rosy cheeks. Huge ice blue eyes, full naturally red lips, high cheekbones. Her face was framed by a gorgeous cascade of wavy chestnut hair. When they met she wore an utterly charming smile. She and Aine embraced and Aine inhaled deeply of her scent which was intoxicating...arousing. How could this backwater hamlet have produced a young woman like this? She was obviously so healthy in this undernourished place. As they started to part their embrace, Aine impulsively kissed her lips. Their tongues touched for the briefest instant. They parted and Aine became more businesslike. She said, "Greetings from The Academy of the Guild of Balance! You have applied for a full tuition scholarship. I am here to examine you and determine your worthiness."

"I am honored by your consideration."

"I am not an actual member of the Academy board. I am a recent graduate acting in the service of the Academy. You don't have to be too formal with me, but you do have to give me a good reason for the Academy to not only accept you as a student, but to do so on a full scholarship."

"I understand. I have been working as a healer for several years. The town witch left three years ago."

"That was irresponsible. Why did she leave?"

"She quit being a witch. She became an artist." An 'artist'. An erotic performer. In the 21st century the word would have been 'whore' or 'prostitute'. She took money to perform sex, but did no healing. It's not a dishonorable profession, but it is a waste of a first class education.

"So you took on the duties of a witch. You aren't educated, guilded or qualified."

"I worked by Megan's side for three years! I know the craft! Some of it at least."

"And she left the profession. I believe that you have done some good, but you are not a witch."

"I know. I'm just trying to keep my village alive. I'm hoping that the Academy will train me right and assign a witch here while I'm training."

Aine considered her words. The girl's town was left in need and she did her best to step up and fill the role of witch. "So, three years. You have probably fucked every man in town."

"Fair to say."

"How did you not ever get pregnant without a guild implant?"

"Megan gave me one."

"That's highly illegal."

"I know. It was her crime, not mine. If you want to prosecute, go find her."

"What about incest? The guild rules are very strict. No fathers, no brothers?"

"My father moved to New England to live in the heat when I was ten. I don't know if he's dead or alive. I'm an only child."

"You have more than a contraceptive implant. You are healthier than anyone else in the village."

"Megan gave me an Academy allovaccine. I was five centimeters shorter before I got it."

"Again, highly illegal."

"Lady Aine, I know you understand the necessity of all of this."

"Of course I do, but I have to make your case to the Academy. I can omit no detail. Understand that I am deeply impressed that you have kept this village alive. I really hope that the Academy board will understand as well."

The girl started to weep. He shoulders shook as in an earthquake. Aine took her into her arms. "No, no, no, darling!" She cooed. "I'll see to you, I'll take your part. I'll warm you with my bosom." She tilted her head up and placed her lips upon those of the girl. Floras responded taking comfort from the young witch.

Aine loosened the laces on Flora's robe allowing it to tumble to the floor. From head to toe, the girl had perfect skin, not a sign of a blemish. The allovaccine had done its work. In spite of her lean waist, she had broader hips than Aine had expected to see and a generous backside. Her breasts were small, no more than a handful, but perfectly proportioned with rosy pink nipples, areolae slightly raised. Her neck was long and elegant as were her legs. Her mound was sparsely covered but untrimmed. Aine stepped back for a few seconds to let her eyes take in her entirety and incidentally to remove her own robe. Then with a smile she embraced her once more feeling the sensation of their bodies in contact skin to skin. They kissed long and deeply and made their way to the bed. Their lovemaking was ecstatic and energetic.

Aine was entranced by Flora's skin. Not only its immaculate perfection, but the smell, the taste. She licked the sweat from her neck, her belly her crotch. The complex flavors of her pudenda were intoxicating as were her sweet moans in response to the ministrations of Aine's tongue. A tiny squirt of clear fluid as the girl arched her back and sang a high note as she orgasmed. She crawled up to kiss her. Flora eagerly tasted herself on Aine's lips as Aine entwined their legs to bring their vulvae into contact and started slowly, wetly rubbing them together. Her own orgasm was swiftly blossoming and then she gushed further lubricating them. Flora came again, this time singing a deeper note. "I need to taste you" she murmured in Aine's ear. And so it went. For an hour they brought each other to the peak of pleasure several times before they were both sweat-soaked and exhausted.

They lay in one another's arms still kissing softly. Flora asked, "When will I know if I can go to the Academy?"

"Soon, Eguzekuti is on the way here. She is a real representative of the Academy board."

"Really? She sits on the board?"

"No. She is the board's official messenger."

An hour later they stood in a field. An air car appeared on the Southern horizon and swiftly approached where they stood and settled to the ground about ten meters in front of them. 

The personage who emerged first from the car was a tall, light-skinned Asian woman. She wore a white robe with a blue bar and the Academy sigil. The uniform of an Academy servant. Her eyes had a soft, red internal glow.

"What is wrong with her eyes?" Whispered Flora.

"Nothing." Said Aine. "She is a robot. You needn't whisper, she cannot be offended." 

"I have never seen a robot before! Such a wonder!"

"Robots like Eguzekuti are manufactured as sex toys for Japanese men. Many keep one as a second wife." Aine was clearly amused by the notion of a robot wife. "The Academy bought several of them to serve in various roles. They are strong, intelligent and very nearly indestructible. Good for more than being fuck toys." 

"I can show you my spec sheets if you desire." Said Eguzekuti to Flora in a beautifully modulated voice.

"No need! Thank you!" Said Flora nervously.

"I bring news," Continued the robot. "Your application for full scholarship at the Academy has been approved! You will have to work on the kitchen staff during hours that you are not in class or studying to help defray the cost of your support."

Floras beautiful smile was radiant as she answered. "I can do that. Thank you so very much!"

Another woman stepped out of the car, a black-robed witch. Aine recognized her immediately as one of her former classmates. "Ekaterina!" She exclaimed. "Why are you here?"

They embraced and she replied, "I am the new witch for the town of Maqat."

Aine was taken aback. "I thought...I had assumed...I thought that I would be given that assignment!"

"That is far too small an assignment for a woman of your skills." A third woman had alit from the vehicle. She wore the scarlet robe of a High Witch. She was beautiful and also commanding. The robe was a ceremonial garment designed to accent her womanhood. It was held together by a single buckle at the navel and was open above and below it to expose her breasts and her triangle as well. Although obviously in middle age, the breasts were high and firm.

"Oh My!" said Aine bowing her head. "Are you...?"

"I am Rhone Glynnes, High Witch of the Guild of Balance. I have decided to accept your application to become my apprentice. That apprenticeship will be served here along the littoral of the Sea of Darkness. I hope that you shall become a great healer as we visit the villages, towns and cities of the sea."

Aine was dazzled by the woman and her offer. "Shall we travel in a car like that one?"

"We shall have something more suitable."

*************************************************************

A month later, a wagon, really a huge house on wheels drawn by the strength of a genetically re-created wooly mammoth named Venko slowly made its way across the landscape of the sea edge. Behind it were tethered Malenki and Rhone's gelding, Boris. The High Witch and her new apprentice lay in bed together having just finished making love. There is no greater bond than that between mistress and apprentice. During her five year apprenticeship, Aine would be of one flesh with Rhone, her student, her servant, her daughter, her sister, her lover. Attuned to her on every level. This was the way of the Guild of Balance. "You are right, mistress" Said Aine, "This is much finer accommodations than a car!" 

"It also fits the landscape better. The people we serve will feel closer to us if we use the same sort of things they do. Visitors, not natives ride in sky cars above their villages. We are down here among them. This is where the healing is done."

Aine pulled close to Rhone. "You are wise, Mistress."