 ONE

"Freyja is a Norse warrior goddess but she is also the goddess of lust and sexual activity." Dr. Martin Karalis explained to Samuel Burke. "After battle, Freyja supposedly took half of the dead, the most virile, the most handsome, to live with her and her handmaidens in her retreat known as Fólkvangr."

"The Syia Penjyes are said to be the tears of Freyja. In Norse mythology it is said that when Freyja cries, her tears fall to Earth. If they fall on land they turn to gold. If they fall into water they turn to amber."

Dr. Karalis looked intently at Sam. Satisfied that he was still with him, Dr. Karalis continued with the story.

"Freyja wore a necklace called the Brisingamen. It was called 'the necklace that none can resist.' When Freyja cries, her tears wash across the necklace. Not only do her tears turn to gold they also absorb some of the magic of the Brisingamen."

Sam understood that the doctor, professor of ancient cultures at State, was relating Norse mythology and not factual reality. Still it was an interesting story that seemed to follow his earlier experiences.

"I appreciate the explanation." Sam said abruptly.

He needed to get back to work so he reached out for the coin.

Dr. Karalis had plenty more to say but he knew that the young man in front of him was impatient and had endured more than enough of his ramblings.

"He'll learn," thought the doctor as he smiled pleasantly at his customer.

"That will be $250.00," Dr. Karalis stated matter-of-factly as he held the coin tightly.

"$250.00!" Sam was taken aback at the cost for a simple inspection and brief history lesson. "I thought this was a coin of luck!"

The old man smiled as he took the payment from Sam and gave him the coin.

"Nobody is THAT lucky."

TWO

Sam ran a small temporary employment agency providing nurses, technicians, and medical office personnel in the New York and northern New Jersey areas.

It was a good business but always a great concern to Sam who worked long hours to ensure its continued existence. 

Sam was no fool. He knew that fierce competition, coupled with a sagging economy, could wipe him out in a heartbeat.

As he sat in his office he contemplated what Dr. Karalis had told him. Still he couldn't help but wonder what the bullion value would be for the gold and whether it would help pay a couple of nagging bills.

His assistant, Cassandra, came to his door. She was smiling. No, more to the point, she was beaming.

"Sam," she said breathlessly. "Hurry. You have a visitor from the Empire State Hospital. She says that it is very important."

"Oh fuck," Sam swore in exasperation. "Was she on the schedule?"

Sam was sure that he did not have a scheduled appointment with anyone from ESH. Empire State was the most elite private hospital in the country and quite possibly the world. He would not have forgotten something so important.

Cassandra assured him that ESH was not on the schedule and that the visitor, Ms. Cougar Malloy, had in fact stated that the visit was unscheduled and only being conducted since she was "in the area."

Sam quickly straightened his tie and combed his hair.

"Go ahead Cass," he said nervously. "Show her in."

"Hi. I'm Sam Burke, President and CEO of Medical Placement Services." Sam said as he quickly switched from his flustered discussion with Cassandra to his self-assured executive tone.

The woman approached him with proffered hand.

Sam was dumbstruck by the beauty of this woman. He mentally smacked himself on the forehead when he realized that he was ogling his guest.

If the woman noticed she did not appear to be offended.

"Hello Sam." the woman smiled at Sam warmly. "I am Cougar Malloy. I am Executive Assistant to Ms. Freya Od, Executive Director of Empire State."

Sam offered her a seat and caught himself once again staring intently as the woman crossed her legs. He quickly returned his gaze to her face and made eye contact.

"Ms. Od has directed me to make an exclusive offer to your firm," Ms. Malloy continued.

Sam found himself nervously fidgeting with the coin in his hand. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

As Ms. Malloy continued she handed Sam a typed multi-page form.

"This contract will name your firm as the exclusive provider of temporary medical personnel, with the exceptions of physicians and research staff, to the Empire State Hospital for a period of ten years. There is also an automatic roll-over clause that will keep the contract active until such time that either party wishes to cancel."

Sam was speechless and took the contract without even looking at it. He stared squarely into the eyes of Cougar Malloy attempting to determine if she was jerking him around or was actually telling the truth.

"Take your time Mr. Burke. Read the contract carefully but we must have your answer by tomorrow night."

Ms. Malloy stood and extended her hand once again.

Sam shook her hand firmly and thanked her for the opportunity. He assured her that he would review the contract and would respond in a timely manner.

As Ms. Malloy left the office she turned to Sam.

"Ms. Od has all the confidence in the world in you."

THREE

Sam slumped down into his chair.

"This day cannot become any weirder," he thought as he turned the coin over and over in his fingers. "I guess I won't have to sell these any time soon."

Cassandra came to his door. The excitement in her face was purely evident.

"Well? Is it good news or what?"

Sam looked at her from his desk. Though she was 48 years old the excitement in her voice was almost childlike.

He looked at her closely as if for first time.

Sam had started the business two years after graduating from college and Cassandra had come on board a year later.

Sam recognized that she was a consummate professional when he first met her. It was why he had hired her ten years ago.

She looked, acted, and performed her duties with a proficiency that almost bordered on robotic. It was those traits that had drawn Sam to her in her first interview. He knew that keeping the business going would be hard and he needed a calm, cool, and collected assistant to ensure that he never got too high or too low.

Now though, here was Cassandra standing at his door in a giddy, almost euphoric state. Sam wondered whether she was drugged. Hell, he wondered whether HE was drugged.

"That's it," he mumbled under his breath. "I'm drugged or I'm asleep. None of this is real."

He stared at the Syia Penjye closely wondering whether he should relate the days' events to Cassandra.

In the meantime she stood at the doorway waiting to hear about the EHS meeting.

FOUR

Cassandra Müller was 38 years old when she applied for the secretarial job at Medical Placement Services.

She had not had a paying job since her teens, choosing rather to marry the BMOC at CalTech.

Fifteen years later, after weathering two of her husbands' affairs and a really ugly divorce, she had moved back to Roselle Park, New Jersey, where she had grown up.

She did not know what she was going to do and had finally answered a small ad that read "Sec'ty. Must type. 555-1446."

She was a little concerned that the business didn't have enough money to pay for much of an ad, but at the same time she liked the idea of a small business where she could get in on the ground floor.

She liked Sam Burke the moment she met him. He was a 25 year old dreamer with no experience.

He didn't even conduct a real interview. He had just talked her ear off for about an hour regaling her with his plans to run this "niche" business that he would grow into a national, maybe even international, corporation.

He had hired her on the spot.

They worked well over the years. Cassandra kept him grounded without ever letting him lose his desire and awe for developing the business.

He in turn made her feel important. He never treated her like a secretary. From day one she was his "number one". He never made an important business decision that he didn't first discuss with her.

Beyond the business end of their relationship he made her feel good about herself. He noticed everything. If she changed her hairstyle, tried a new shade of lipstick, bought a new dress, or manicured her nails, he complimented her.

It didn't hurt that he was extremely handsome either. It was nice to be complimented by a younger, good looking guy.

She had made sure that the relationship always stayed on a professional level though. Not that she had to. She was sure that Sam wouldn't cross that line even if she gave him the chance.

Now ten years later it looked like Sam's dreams of a lucrative, nationally recognized and respected corporation were about to come to fruition.

She was sure that ESH was going to make him the offer of a lifetime.

Sam turned the coin over and over in his hand.

He was stressed and not sure what to do about it.

He knew Cassandra was waiting for an answer but he didn't know what his decision would be until he read through the contract. 

For that matter, she would know the decision as soon as he made it as he would never make such a decision without seeking her counsel.

Hell, he wasn't even sure he needed to make a decision. He might just wake up at any moment and all of this would go away.

It was an easy decision for him to make to tell Cassandra about the Syia Penjye though. It was his nature to confide in her about everything and he always valued her opinion.

Maybe she could make some sense of the events that had brought four ancient Norse coins into his bedroom.

FIVE

Sam was having the strangest dream.

At the foot of his bed a woman sat crying. She had lost someone important to her. Sam knew it but he didn't know how.

The woman was beautiful. She had strawberry blond hair, a striking face, and a stunning physique. Even in his dream he recognized that this woman had a singular beauty and demeanor that was simply unmatched.

He was concerned as to why she was crying but he was afraid to move; afraid that any movement might cause her to leave, or him to wake up.

By not moving he was free to simply watch the woman and memorize every detail about her.

Though the room was dark the woman's hair was clearly strawberry blond. It was almost as if the woman was bathed in light; or more like a crystal clear, color photograph, the main character cut out and pasted onto a black and white photo.

Her face was remarkable. The woman was truly beautiful. Her heart-shaped facial structure at one moment struck him as alluring and almost childlike. The next moment the face seemed womanly and self-assured. 

He realized that the face wasn't changing. It was simply his dream interpretation of what he was seeing.

Either way he saw her, she was aesthetically pleasing.

The woman was dressed in a flowing, airy dress. Like her hair, it seemed to glow with its own light source. It also seemed to be windblown, as if she was standing in a field as a brisk wind caused the dress to shift and carry. 

Despite such loose fitting garb it was obvious to Sam that the woman's body was perfect.

Around the woman's neck was a striking bejeweled necklace. Sam had never seen the likes before, and New York had plenty of fine jewelry shops.

As Sam watched he could see tears streaming down the woman's face. The tears wetted her neck and flowed onto the necklace. As the necklace received more and more tears, droplets began to form where the necklace dipped between the woman's breasts.

Most of the tears dripped onto the woman's breasts, moistening them in such a way that Sam began to become aroused. He found himself focusing on the droplets practically holding his breath in anticipation of the next one to fall.

As he watched, the woman shifted on the bed. Only slightly, but enough that the next droplet missed her cleavage and fell off into space. Sam assumed that the droplet fell to the floor but couldn't be sure.

Sam silently cursed that she had moved as a second and third droplet fell away from her breasts.

Then a fourth droplet fell. This time the droplet must have hit the edge of the carpet as Sam heard the distinct clunk and then, the sound of a coin rolling across the hardwood floor.

It was this noise that caused Sam to move, if only for an instant, as he attempted to look towards the sound of the noise.

A shocked expression crossed the woman's face and she suddenly disappeared.

Sam suddenly realized that he was recalling the dream and explaining it in complete detail, even specifics about his arousal, to Cassandra.

The tenor of his discussion with Cassandra abruptly changed.

"That's not the bizarre part of the story." Sam said in a more restrained manner.

"I wake up and turn the light on. Everything in the room is exactly as I it was when I went to bed except..."

Sam showed Cassandra the coin in his hand.

"I found this, and three others, on the floor by the end of my bed."

It was the first time in ten years that Cassandra didn't know what to say.

First of all she was a bit flushed from Sam's description of the woman and how she made him feel. 

They had idle flirtatious banter from time to time, as would be expected in a small office, but other than business matters, Sam had never opened up on a personal level like this before.

Also she had no reason to disbelieve what Sam was telling her. Sam never lied and he had no reason to now. As strange as the story seemed there had to be a logical explanation.

He didn't appear to be drunk or drugged and he did not appear to be ill or incoherent.

"Sam. Can I look at the coin? Maybe it was given to you as change or something like that. The dream could have been a way for your mind to address the fact that you have some strange coins."

It was the only explanation Cassandra could think of on the spur of the moment.

Sam put the coin in the palm of his hand and held the Syia Penjye for her to examine.

Cassandra came around the desk and reached to take it from his hand.

SIX

When Cassandra touched the coin the effect was instantaneous. The coin liquefied in Sam's hand returning to its original teardrop form.

Sam and Cassandra looked at each other in amazement but that emotion quickly changed.

Cassandra felt the effect first. The thought seed was already in her mind after Sam's explanation of how aroused he was in his dream. It only needed the waters of Freyja's tear to make it grow.

She knew exactly what she wanted Sam to do.

In her mind he wanted her naked and on all fours there in the office.

She fantasized that he had just told her the story about his dream to make her wet; to make her want to fuck him.

She imagined him behind her, mercilessly impaling her fuckhole with his beautiful, rock hard phallus. 

She struggled to catch her breath as the intense thoughts and emotions overwhelmed her.

Sam was not immune to the effect either.

His prick hardened as the magic of Brisingamen conquered his inhibitions. He knew that whatever Cassandra wanted he was going to give her.

Sam imagined Cassandra crouched in front of him, voraciously sucking his dick, her tongue slathering the mushroom tip of his blood-engorged member. He quivered in excitement as he pictured gobs of thick cum jetting into Cassandra's waiting throat.

He stood up, removed his belt, and dropped his slacks and briefs to the floor. His cock sprung to full attention, bobbing and weaving in front of Cassandra, exacting its hypnotic effect.

Cassandra knelt before Sam taking his cock deep into her throat. If she could have swallowed him whole, she would have.

Years of repressed desire flooded through her body. Every inch of her body wanted him. He would know her like no man had ever before. She would deny him nothing.

As her tongue swirled around his manhood, and her lips massaged the length and breadth of his rigid shaft, Cassandra's mind raced with depraved and exhilarating ways she would make her lover cum for her.

Only two minutes had passed since she had touched the Syia Penjye and she was already experiencing her first orgasm. Wave after wave of pleasure racing through her body, her pussy faucet-like as juices flowed unchecked down her thighs to the office carpet.

Austin fared no better. Even if he had wanted to he could not hold out. The excitement coursing through Cassandra flowed through him as well.

A copious burst of manseed coated the back of Cassandra's throat, followed by several more, equally forceful, blasts that practically dropped him to his knees.

He did not know what had come over him and quite frankly did not care. He simply wanted to fuck Cassandra until there was not a single sperm cell or drop of semen left to deliver.

Cassandra put the phones onto voice-mail and put out the "Office Temporarily Closed" sign. She knew they were going to be busy the rest of the day.

SEVEN

Sam was straddling Cassandra's chest, rocking his sore but still rock hard cock between her soft, pillowy breasts.

Every time that Sam pushed upward his cock helmet would slide between Cassandra's cum craving lips. Her tongue relished each and every contact it had with his slime-covered dick.

As much as Sam loved the feel of her mouth he knew, despite what seemed like gallons of cum that he had spurted, sprayed, and ejaculated into Cassandra's various extremely satisfying orifices, he needed to finish up in her magnificent vagina.

As many times as he had been buried there over the past several hours each time was more intense than the last.

As he began to lower himself into position, leaving the wonderful sensation of Cassandra's soft, satisfying tits, she could sense what he wanted and spread her legs wide in anticipation.

Sam hovered over Cassandra. She reached down and guided his shaft into place in the expectant folds of her labia.

Cassandra stared into Sam's eyes. His eyes were both exciting and scary. His gaze was pure animalistic lust almost menacing in their intensity. She knew that this act was going to be the most memorable.

With an unexpected lunge that caused Cassandra to gulp for air Sam plunged his cock deep into her folds, mashing the crown of his prick against her cervix.

He withdrew and then stabbed again with even more force. Each thrust was fierce and uncompromising. They were designed for one thing and one thing only; to make him cum and to make him cum hard.

Cassandra wanted nothing more than to feel Sam climax in her one more time.

Cassandra hadn't realized how much she had craved this moment. His rough fucking awakened a lewd and lascivious side of her that she had all but forgotten.

She urged Sam on, provoking him to fuck her harder. Her fingernails scraped across his back as she bit into his shoulder. She told him incredibly stimulating vulgar, nasty, and vile things that she would let him do to her. She writhed and bucked and wriggled under him as he screwed and ground into her.

Her cunt was a sizzling, dripping, milky mess that he churned all the more into a slippery, buttery goo that would make him cum at any moment.

Cassandra beat him to the punch though.

Sam's ferocious assault on Cassandra resulted in her final, rapturous orgasm of the day. Exquisite waves of pure joy and sexual release washed over Cassandra and a torrent of orgasmic juices flooded Sam's fully-imbedded organ. She bucked and twitched uncontrollably under him as he reached his point of no return.

Sam's final climax of the day was earth-shattering as well.

Cassandra's pussy was the recipient as frenzied jets of white-hot man-goo burst deep inside of her spasming fuckhole. Sam continued to frantically piston his cock into her, massaging his cream into her pussy walls. All the while he was releasing jet after jet of sperm-laden jizz.

His body acted like a contortionist as the delirious thrill of the orgasm caused his body to lurch and flex, spasm and shake.
