 Trying to still her breath, she squeezes tighter against the wall, her form all but disappearing in the shadows behind the cantina. Through the dimly lit crevice where she's taken refuge, she can see them--four and moving slowly. "Oh please don't let them see me," she whispers to herself.

Finally she heard their footsteps getting softer as they move into the distance. Yet still she waited. 

Dusk has started to settle. One of the two suns of this strange world she's found herself on has already set and the other is getting lower in the sky. She welcomes the coolness of the shadows after the stiffling heat of the day-time of this arrid world. "Just a little longer," she coaches herself, "then you are finally free."

Earlier, as she was readying for her escape, she'd heard the crew as they mentioned their launch schedule. They'd landed here to pick up supplies and other more illicit substances that her captor--she still couldn't bring herself to say the word even though he had an official piece of paper that proved his rightful "ownership" of her--craved to fulfill his baser needs. They were cleared to launch as the first sun left the sky. Something about the radiation masking the sensors which would otherwise detect the cargo they had so carefully arranged to pick-up on this out-of-the-way world.

The second sun dipped below the horizon. Still, she waited.

The noises from the cantina grew louder and more raucous. The smell of food wafted out into the night air. Her stomach growled, reminding her that she hadn't eaten in more than a day. Finally, she slipped out of the crevice she'd been lucky enough to find when she realized his men were still looking for her.

She went back to what she'd been doing before she'd seen them wander into the cantina. She watched the patrons--especially the graceful dancers and musicians. Some wore next to nothing, and it was clear that dancing wasn't their primary occupation. Others, though, were more graceful and simply provided entertainment from a far. "I could do that," she thought to herself.

Moving silently to the back room where she'd earlier left a small bundle of clothing hiding under a table, she sighs, thankful to discover it was still there. Grabbing it, she slips into one of the back dressing rooms and changes. The fabric (a specialty of her native world) clings tightly to every curve of her body, leaving little to the imagination. Not as revealing as the clothing of the more risque 'dancers' but more than enough to be enticingly appealing. Perhaps she could earn just enough to provide her with some dinner and a place to rest for the night. 

Walking back into the main room, she found an open spot in a less crowded area. Letting her body sway seductively in one of the traditional dances of her people, she loses herself for a moment in the music. 

Hearing shuffles and scuffles, she opens her eyes and gasps in fright. A military trooper has entered the cantina and is moving towards the area where she is dancing. "ID please" she hears him ask one of the patrons.

Heart pounding, she tries to meld back into the shadows but he's facing her direction and she can feel his eyes on her as he hands the ID back. Pausing to check another patron's ID, he continues to glance in her direction. Finally, moving with long strides he crosses over to her. 

"ID please, Miss." 

Barely able to speak, she tries to keep from trembling. "Just a moment," she says, and makes a show of pulling her top away from her skin as she reaches for the inside pocket. From his height, she is fairly certain he's gotten a good view of her left breast, nipple and all. Her eyes widen and she looks up at him and swallows. "I, er um, Sir it doesn't seem to be here. I must have left it at . . . ." Her voice trails off as she lets go of her top, letting it snap back tightly against her skin.

Though she can't see his face behind his helmet, she can tell her ploy didn't work. "No ID? Then you'll have to come with me." He puts his gloved hands on her elbow and she nearly trips as he turns her towards the door.

Guiding her out into the darkened street, she flushes crimson as he pushes her face forward against a wall and whispers "Don't think I missed that little show in there either. Perhaps I should double check that pocket." He removes a glove and slides his hand inside her top. She gasps as his fingers brush her nipple, which stiffens as if on demand. He plays with it for a moment before pulling his hand out. 

"Well then, seems you did forget it. No other choice, I must place you under arrest."

She turns toward him before he can stop her, trembling. "Please, oh please don't arrest me. I'll do anything you want. I . . . I seem to have lost it. I promise I'll get a replacement right away." 

Spinning her back around, he sounds un-phased as he speaks, "One moment while I check you for weapons." She feels both his hands slide across her body, squeezing her breasts for a moment and then moving down her stomach and pausing to press firmly between her legs and then squeeze her ass sharply before moving down her legs.

"Alright then, not armed." He pulls her arms behind her and places them in restraints before he pushes her forward as tears spill down her cheeks. She knows when they do a scan they'll find out she's a runaway and will return her to that monster. He catches her as she stumbles forward and whispers in her ear, "play along, this has to look good." Confused she lets him push her towards the shuttleport. 

"One prisoner to transport to the internment base, I need clearance." His comm buzzes with an acknowledgement and he pushes her onto a transport shuttle. The door swishes closed behind them and he gestures towards a seat. "Strap in for take-off," he commands as he heads to the cockpit.

Huge tears fall from her eyes as she nods, confused. Bracing herself, her body slams back against the seat as they leave the ground. After a few moments, he strides back into the main room. He stands there, staring at her for a moment before he finally speaks. 

"So, anything I want, huh? How's about you let me see what you have to offer before I make that decision." He leans against the wall, watching her confusion.

"Sir?"

"Strip, and do it now," he demands. 

Blushing profusely she stands up and nods. Her top falls to her feet and she can feel the hunger in his gaze as he stares at her large, firm, breasts. Pausing to glance at him, she hears him command, "now the rest of it."

She slips off her skirt and lets it fall to the floor. Then she turns to remove her leggings, hearing him catch his breath as she bends over to slide them off her legs--knowing he has a full view. 

"Don't move" she hears him growl. She feels one hand slide between her legs, caressing her pussy and flicking her clit with one finger. His touch excites her, though she can't understand why. He starts to slide a finger inside her, she gasps as the frisson she feels from his touch rocks her to the very core while he gasps in shock, withdraws and spins her around. "Virgin?" It's the only word he manages to get out. 

Nodding, she looks at her feet. 

"And all mine for the taking . . . ." He smiles to himself and then looks at her again. "Show me that dance you were doing earlier, it was like nothing I'd seen before." He reclines on the seat and removes his helmet. She gasps at how handsome he is. 

Her body begins to move once more in the dance of her people, this time it's only to internal music. She sways and turns softly, her breasts and hips undulating as he watches. Finally, unable to take any more, he stands. Pushing her to her knees as he pulls his rock hard cock from his pants. 

"I bet you can figure out what to do with this, can't you." A question but not a question as he tightens his fingers in her long hair and holds her head while he guides his cock to her lips. Feeling her tongue instinctively wrap around him as he slips his head into her mouth he groans. 

Teasing him with her lips and her tongue, she alternates sucking with licking, feeling slightly ashamed that she enjoys the feel and texture of him as well as the noises he's making. She brings one hand up and holds onto his shaft as her head bobs up and down, moving faster and faster on his stiff rod. Suddenly, she feels his cock swell even more. His hands grasp her head and hold it in place as he thrusts forward. She feels a stream of hot liquid coat the back of her throat as he shudders and moans as he cums.

He holds her head in place for a moment as his knees weaken. "Oh yea, baby, you're a fast learner." Letting go of her head he sighs as he sits back down and lets his gaze caress her from head to toe. Pulling her onto his lap he plays with her breasts, pinching and sucking her nipples. "Such a body, just made to be fucked," he whispers, his breath hot against her skin. She trembles at his words and gasps as his teeth clamp down on one of her nipples before letting go and licking it again. One of his hand slides between her legs again, rubbing her clit, feeling the wetness as her body betrays her.

"Oh you are hot for me, aren't you", he whispers. "But I'm feeling generous tonight so don't worry, you'll leave here a virgin still--well, technically a virgin that is." He grins and guidesher off his lap. Bending her over the arm of the seat, he spreads her legs a bit. "Don't move," she hears him whisper. 

She stays in position, mesmerized by his voice and his touch--unable to move even if she wanted to. She hears him stride across the room and then return. 

Feeling his fingers slide over her ass, grasping it firmly, she barely has a moment before she realizes what he's doing. His cock, hard again and covered in something hot and wet, presses between the cheeks of her ass. "Oh yea baby, so very nice and tight. Just relax and this will be much easier for you." 

She tries to relax as he holds her hips still, his cock teasing her asshole for a minute before he starts to slowly push inside. The moisture he'd covered his cock with made it easier for him to slide in and eased the pain she would normally feel. Still, she cries out softly, unable to move as he slowly fills her ass with his entire length, holding it there for a minute before pulling all the way out. 

"Oh, yea, you are definately a treat." He plunges back inside her and groans as he grinds his hips, his balls slapping against her ass as he begins to thrust in and out. One hand slips down between her legs and plays with her pussy for a few moments, but need takes over and he grabs her hips with both hands again, fucking her hard before finally burying himself to the hilt as his hot cum jets deep inside her.

Holding her there, keeping his cock buried until he's spent, he then reaches up and lightly caresses her back before finally pulling out.

Helping her up, he grasps her arm gently and guides her towards the refresher. "Go ahead and get cleaned up while I program this bird to land."

Trembling, she nods and does as he asks, slipping her clothing back on after she's done. Stepping into the main cabin she sees him lounging against the doorway, watching her. 

He pulls a chip out of his pocket and hands it to her. "That will provide you with a couple night's lodging as well as safe passage through any sentry station for a few days. That should be long enough for you to get that ID replaced. I'll keep your little secret if you will keep mine--they'd strip my rank if they knew what I let you get away with." He winked at her before disappearing back into the cockpit. 

Before long she felt the shuttle gliding down to the ground. The door swished open and she stepped out into the night air--virtue intact, well sort of.