 Chapter 1: The Sxnce Program

Jan could hardly wait as she drove to the gym. Today would be her first workout in the Sxnce (pronounced essence) wing of the exclusive fitness center. Members of the private Elite Club catered to the young rich entrepreneurial people moving into the Arizona high tech region. New members were selected by invitation only and were screened over a period of a prior year's general membership. The Elite room was a very normal, state of the art, workout room with all of the latest, most modern physical fitness equipment.

The Sxnce wing of the club is a recent addition, designed and built to give a person a total body workout which included an emphasis on pleasure as well as physical conditioning. The original members of the club decided that a workout facility was needed to satisfy the needs of an ever-changing modern culture that included all aspects of the body. 

In order to qualify for membership in the Sxnce program, potential candidates were screened using a wide range of qualifying criteria. Subjective evaluations were constantly being made by the Elite Club staff, unbeknownst to the general membership. Prospective new members were evaluated on the basis of their wealth, physical condition, and social philosophies.

After about eight months of disciplined physical workouts in the Elite room, casual conversations were initiated with a targeted member to determine their suitability of becoming a participant in the Elite Sxnce program. The staff would begin to investigate a prospective client's interest in fully developing their physical and sexual capability. 

Jan had become a member of The Elite Club just after she and Brad arrived in the Internet Alley region of Arizona. She and Brad had been married for ten years and had produced a son and daughter, ages 6 and 8. Brad had been involved in the development of wireless access to the internet. They moved to Internet Alley when Brad was selected Technical Vice President for Internet Wireless. 

Money was not a problem for them. Time together and boredom was a problem. Jan realized soon after they were married that staying in good physical condition and maintaining her beauty was of great interest to her. She also realized that her appearance was a great asset to Brad's future as they made a very attractive couple in any social setting.

The gym became a lifestyle for Jan. It helped consume the time that she had to herself... time that Brad devoted to his work. The daily workout's kept the edge off her sexuality. Conversely, her top physical condition would reawaken normal sexual desires that yearned for satisfaction. She and Brad were very open and honest about the situation. Neither of them placed any strong demands on fidelity. In the mid twenty-second century the taboo of sex outside the marriage had disappeared. There was more openness and honesty in relationships. Jealousies in the educated and rich were minimal.

Brad and Jan had become very comfortable in their relationship and as a result their lifestyle was predominantly monogamous. Not only were they lovers as husband and wife they were very good friends and good parents. Brad was very proud of Jan's beauty, charm and grace. Jan likewise was very proud of Brad's success and wealth. 

Jan had gotten herself in top physical condition at the gym. In college she had played soccer and always liked working out. It helped during her pregnancies and after the delivery of her babies it helped her get back into shape quickly. 

Lately, her peak physical condition seemed to be unleashing a abundant flow of testosterone induced sexual hunger. Jan's age, thirty two, corresponded with the peak sexual period in the female. Jan began to crave more sex; more than Brad attentions on the weekend satisfied.

Brad and Jan searched for ways in which either of them could experience more sex and not have it get in the way of their own married commitment. Even though their schedules kept them apart the sexual urge for copulation was not conveniently fulfilled. They both allowed the other the freedom to experience a sexual encounter without it getting in the way of their love for each other. Jan and Brad agreed that complete openness about any open sex would be shared between them.

The staff at the club was also aware of these demographics in selecting potential candidates for the Sxnce experience.

Jan has already paid her first year dues of $12000 and has been approved and briefed by the staff. As she explained the details of the program to Brad, he became comfortable with and agreed to Jan's new workout regimen. Jan hoped that Brad would soon enroll in the male program.

En route to her first workout Jan recalled some of the preliminaries. A test for STD's including an AID's test was performed and would be necessary on a monthly basis.

Only two workouts a month were allowed, although she wasn't sure why more weren't permitted. Each member was assigned a counselor to monitor their workouts and answer frequently asked questions.

Juli, a member of The Elite Sxnce staff had been assigned to Jan to conduct the initial briefing and serve as Jan's personal counselor. Juli pointed out to Jan that she would engage in a program that would bring her physical sexual capability to a maximum. She would be challenged to exercise every muscle group used in sex. In addition she would experience numerous orgasmic reactions.

Jan's anticipation was overwhelming. 

Juli pointed out that each member is given a sterilized group of sex toys sealed in plastic upon entering the club. Special made towels were checked out to the clients to place between their pubic area and the sexercise equipment. The toys served as attachments to the equipment in each of the workout units. The workout areas were small privacy rooms equipped with a special made piece of sex equipment designed to maximize conditioning the sex anatomy.

There were six small privacy units. The first unit, known as the "Crunch" room was equipped to exercise the muscles surrounding the vaginal opening as well as strengthen the internal vaginal muscles. 

The second room was known as the "Sex-er-cycle" room and was designed to enhance a girl's aerobic capacity, strengthen the inner thighs, slim the waist and advance orgasmic response. 

The third room was known as the "Anticipation" room. This room was designed to maximize arousal. The room contained some very sophisticated electronic equipment that would bring the client to a very aroused state and shutdown just short of orgasm. Sensors were embedded in the special made equipment that would provide body reaction feed-back. All of this information was computer controlled to produce the desired effect. The subject would wear a virtual helmet that provided visual stimuli and passionate audio effects. Should the equipment sense an orgasm approach a non sexual stimulus would be administered that would further prolong the anticipation. The subject would not be allowed a climax in this room. 

The fourth room was known as the "Big O" room and was designed to deliver the subject to orgasmic exhaustion. The client being primed and ready for release would hurriedly install her favorite dildos and anal exciters. She would strap herself in and the equipment would monitor her responses and generate repeated orgasms until she reached a state of orgasmic saturation. The subject's breasts would be attached to lubricated suction cups. Instruments placed in the vagina, over the clitoral area and anal area would administer vibration and low voltage stimuli. 

After the subject reaches orgasmic saturation they would be allowed a fifteen minute relaxation period before moving to the last exercise room known as the "Reward" room.

When scheduling an exercise appointment, each member is paired with a male member going thru the male workout side of the Sxcne program. The man and woman are brought together in the"Reward" room. After penile insertion, each is restrained and through the use of their sexual organs, would attempt to generate an orgasm in the other partner. They are given 30 minutes to complete this task. Usually in the early months of workouts, it is difficult for the parties to achieve orgasm. Then as their sexual conditioning improves it becomes a contest as to who reaches the most.

If there is any objection on either person's part in the pairing, then a reworking of the schedule is done. Generally, the Club does not allow repeat coupling until after one year's rotation. The objective is to maximize sexual performance, not cultivate personal relationships within the program.

*

Chapter 2: The "Crunch" Session

As instructed in the orientation Jan picked up a container of sex attachments, special towels, took the mandatory shower and pulled on her sheer thigh high drape that pulled together and fastened at the waist. Her breasts and genital area could be easily accessed as dictated by the workout routine. Then after a brief conference with Juli, she entered the low lighted "Crunch" room.

Soft music was part of the induced environment. Some strategically placed mirrors hung on the walls and ceiling.

In the center of the small room was a very ingenious designed chair. The backrest was tilted at an angle of 45 degrees to the floor. The well padded chair was molded into the shape of the female torso. The seat was completely open down the middle yet designed to support the buttocks very comfortably. 

As Jan placed herself into the seating arrangement, she then attached a 2.5 inch thick, 5 inch long artificial penis to the center mechanism. Then with a set of handle bars she drew the dildo equipped center section up so that it just made contact with her labia. This contact triggered a slight lubrication on the outside surface of the thick insert.

Jan then directed her attention to the computer screen for further instructions. Details of the first exercise were displayed on the screen. The first exercise required that Jan place herself in a position that would allow penetration. After penetration, she was instructed to clinch her vaginal opening and provide as much resistance to withdrawal as possible. The resistance would be registered on the screen in the form of a bar graph and repeated ten times. The computer would keep past performances in memory which would be used to measure progress. Before starting the exercise Jan pre-lubricated her vaginal area to prevent any first invasion injury.

Jan pressed the "start" button and began the first hedonistic exercise. The dildo automatically started a very slow penetration. Jan took a deep breath and relaxed her vaginal opening. After a complete insertion, the withdrawal began. She was instructed to clinch her internal muscles. The computer registered time and strength of her vaginal grip. When the withdrawal could not be held any longer, the shaft broke through her resistance and popped out of her vagina.

Jan rested and mentally prepared herself for the next stroke. Jan clinched her vagina with all her might on each stroke, but noticed that each succeeding vaginal squeeze decreased. Her body had begun to become more sexually excited.

After the ten withdrawal squeezes, the computer instructed her to lie still and enjoy the orgasm that she had earned. Without warning the shaft invaded her pussy once more and began to rise into her g-spot. Another vibrator advanced on her clitoris. Jan began to feel the slow vibration inside, followed by a direct excitation of her clitoris. Her orgasm came quickly. Spasms shot through her lower abdomen. Her uncontrolled bucking devoured the insert. Her hands clinched and her toes curled. Finally she rested and prepared for the next "Crunch Room" exercise. 

The message posted on the computer screen instructed Jan to replace the cylindrical shaped dildo with a bulbous head attachment. Jan eagerly started the next program. 

As instructed she actuated the automatic lubrication and began the insertion without a problem. With the insert in place the expandable head of the insert began to inflate. Her fears of the unknown began to make her apprehensive. She began to feel a strange fullness inside her lower abdomen. She associated the feeling to those of pregnancy. There was something strangely erotic about the sensations. 

The message on the computer screen indicated that the inflation would stop at a safe pressure and would cause no physical harm. Even so the swelling continued. She noticed fullness in her lower gut. Her breathing rate increased. When it began to feel painful the inflation stopped. 

Jan's next question was answered as she was requested to squeeze the cylindrical base of the insert with her vaginal entrance muscles. She would then follow that exercise with a lower stomach crunch that would squeeze the inflated section buried in her vagina. A squeeze strength reading would be taken from the vaginal entrance muscle and a pressure reading would be generated by the stomach crunch. The computer would generate a graphical readout on each contraction and save the data for historical reference.

Jan repeated this procedure for ten reps and waited for her reward. 

Jan was somewhat surprised that the inflated insert was not removed. Instead, it stayed in place. She began to realize a quivering in her deep vaginal recess. The intensity grew. She had never felt anything so erotic. The pleasure centers in her brain began to focus on a warm sensitivity in her breast area. Her anal nerve centers became aroused. Her pelvic muscles began to undulate. The tops of her thighs involuntarily spread to their maximum width. 

Waves of pleasure began to cascade from deep within to the outer extremities of her body. Without warning an external vibrator touched her clitoris and the total body explosion occurred. Her body racked in spasm. Her head bounced off the headrest. One orgasm ran into another. Finally her body relaxed. 

Jan regained her composure. She listened to the air escaping as the insert deflated and fell from her vagina. Jan struggled to remove herself from the sex chair. Her fine tuned 5' 10" statuesque frame had been reduced to Jello. 

*

Chapter 3: The Sexercycle

The computerized instrumentation told Juli that Jan's "Crunch" room session had been completed. She checked on Jan to make sure she was OK and then helped her move to the Sexercycle room.

Juli smiled at the satisfied expression on Jan's face.

Jan struggled to get to her feet even though she knew the program had just begun. Her legs felt bowed. Her knees quivered a bit. She perceived a wide gap between her legs.

Juli placed a hygiene towel onto the seat of the Sexercyle and explained that the opening in the middle of the seat and the towel would allow the sex tools to do their work. She explained that a vibrating probe would be raised against her clitoris after two minutes of cycling. The intensity of the vibration would depend on the speed at which Jan pedaled the bike. 

Jan continued to smile as it was obvious how the cycle worked.

Juli further explained that after 2 minutes of aerobic cycling she could expect the rising penetration of a dildo. The dildo was designed to coat itself with lubrication, making penetration easy and enjoyable. The dildo had the capability of four different movements. 1) vibration 2) in and out reciprocation, 3) rotation around the shaft, and 4) a wobble action that would touch all areas inside the vagina. Each of these actions would be turned on with a button mounted on the handle bars. The intensity of the vibration, reciprocation, rotation and wobble would be controlled by Jan's speed of pedaling. 

Jan could only shake her head in disbelief.

Jan climbed on the cycle and began pedaling. Juli patted her on the shoulder, smiled and left Jan on her mission.

Jan was still dressed in a short teddy pull-over with no panties underneath. As she mounted the seat on the bike she spread her labia over the slot in the seat as Juli had instructed. As she began the ride she noticed the monitor come alive showing her pulse rate, blood pressure and sexual intensity level. She was sure the same responses were being viewed by Juli from a remote vantage point.

Soon after her pedaling started she was jolted by the contact of a very smooth knob coming in contact with her clitoris. After the initial surprise the sensations became very pleasurable. The rhythm of the vibration followed the speed of the bike. Jan slumped forward to place more pressure on the vibrating protrusion. She gave in to the pleasure. The orgasm was easy. Just a little more speed and the involuntary spasms came. Her eyes closed tightly, her stomach twitched several times in an uncontrolled released. She settled in a relaxed state. Her pedaling continued.

Jan's brief relaxation was soon interrupted by an intruder. A dildo began to rise and press against her vagina. Jan shifted on the seat to a position that placed the dildo at the entrance of her opening. Jan slowed her pedaling as she wanted to experience a long drawn out penetration. The passion began to build again. Complete entry had been effected and now she was increasing her speed as her clitoris bore down on the vibration knob. 

Jan pressed the buttons on the handle bars to start the four motions built into the dildo. She could not believe the added pleasure. Her eyes rolled back. She was concentrating on the wonderful pleasure sensations being imparted into the core of her sexuality. The intensity of sensation correlated with the speed of her pedaling. Jan knew she would not need the full thirty minutes. She was close. She noticed the sex meter very close to the red-line orgasm zone.

Her pedaling continued at an ever increasing pace. Her body sought its release. The wobble of the dildo would stroke her g-spot on every revolution. The clitoris was being stimulated continuously by the built in vibration. The friction of the dildo passing in and out of her entrance was too much to bear. Like lighting the orgasm struck. Her entire mid-section erupted in muscle contractions. Her legs could no longer pedal as her body shook. Finally she slumped over the handle bars to rest. 

Jan wondered, who could ever think this stuff up? The door opened and Jan felt Juli's comforting voice congratulate her on a fantastic ride. But, peace became short lived as Juli reminded her of the next exercise session.

*

Chapter 4: The "Anticipation" Room

Juli assured Jan she was doing great, in fact, she marveled at Jan's sexual capacity. 

Jan wasn't sure that she was doing that well. 

Juli promised that the next session would recharge her libido as she led her into the "Anticipation" room. In the middle of the room was a soft padded cradle-like chair. As Jan settled into the chair, Juli adjusted the headrest to Jan's comfort. A padded support wrapped around her torso and raised the underside of her breasts. Her legs were drawn up slightly and separated with separate supports. A sensual fabric laced around her inner thighs.

Electronic sensors were placed around her ankles and wrist that would detect the level of Jan's passion. 

Then Juli placed a virtual helmet over Jan's head. Immediately, romantic sounds caressed her auditory senses. A visual suddenly appeared showing a couple engaged in some light petting.

And last, a saddle was pulled tightly into Jan's genital region. She could feel something touch her clitoris. A smaller, yet similar device touched her anal opening. A shaft like device nestled at the entrance of her vagina. Juli then showed Jan the bars resting slightly above her that could be used to pull herself up against the makeshift body. 

Juli left the room and the exercise began. The music and the visual began to get more erotic. Jan's passion still lay in a state of rest. She then noticed a gentle wavelike massage beneath her breast and on the inner portion of her thighs. She began to feel aroused.
