 Chapter One 

It's been a week since they left Candary space. However, the moment they entered the Dark Nebula, the Silver Wind encountered the most unfortunate fate. After skimming along the edge of a dark matter cloud, sending a power surge throughout that small nimble ship. For two days Lulu and her crew had hidden out on the dark side of an asteroid. No telling what kind of raiders existed in that mysterious region of space. 

Sebastian Landis rested on his back as he tried to repair the navigational array. The gravity plating was hard on his back as he worked underneath the control panel. Moving his head quickly out of the way as sparks flew down at him. A scowl formed on his lips, knowing it wasn't supposed to do that. Sighing heavily, he would have thought the residual charge would have dissipated by now. However, that wasn't his only worry; no, as he looked down the bio-screen that was implanted in his right eye when he was inducted into the ranks of the Imperialist, when the commander of the last bastion of his people sent the patch to repair his failing nanites. Sebastian knew it was only a band-aid when he had installed the patches over a month ago. As his right eye ran down the screen. It appeared his fears were correct. 

"Sebastian?" Lulu said standing over him. "Any time frame on when we can get underway?" she asked cocking out her shapely hip. 

"Oh, we can leave now, but the long-range sensors are still offline," Sebastian said peering out from underneath the console. "That is, if you don't mind wandering around blind," he said. He knew they needed the long-range sensors. One: it would show any hostiles in the area, two: it had a more detailed mapping subsystem than the short-range sensors did. Without them, running into another dark matter cloud was highly likely. 

"So...," Lulu said running her bare foot along his thigh. "When can I expect to have my ship up and running again?" she asked. She knew how lucky they were. She knew if the shield was on and at full power, they would be space debris. 

"A day, maybe two," Sebastian said trying not to grow hard as Lulu teased his manhood. "That is, if I can find out where this power surge is coming from," he said, sticking his head back underneath the console. Huffing as Lulu's taut ass rested on his growing bulge. 

"Then maybe," Lulu said salaciously running her hands up his chest, "would you care to have some fun, hmm?" she asked wantonly. Ever since the night she and Akasha had shared Sebastian, she has shared their bed far more often than she thought she might have. There was just something about Sebastian that made her feel wanted, needed, desired. Not the whorish feeling she always got when she sought out men to feed her need. Men that treated her like nothing more than the working girls from planet Ardrake. Yet as her hot, moist, hungry mound rubbed along that hardening bulge. There was only one thing on her mind. Sex. That hot, body quaking, mind numbing, delicious sex that she has experienced countless times by the man beneath her. 

"I thought you wanted to get under way?" Sebastian asked smirking at her from underneath the control panel. 

"True. I do, but we can have a little fun too, no?" Lulu purred hungrily. Huffing loudly as the door to the bridge rolled open. 

"I'm going to have to keep my eyes on you," Akasha said teasingly as she stood over Lulu. Her pale skin carried a sweet enticing scent, her raven hair was held in a tight braid that snaked along her neck, down her chest, coming to a rest between her firm perky breasts. Her tail swished lazily behind her as the soft lights of the running lights bathed her skin. Her cat-like nose wiggled as she caught the scent of Lulu's arousal. "Has the Ituma became smitten with my Löwe?" 

"Y-yes," Lulu sighed heavily as Sebastian continued to work on the problem at hand. 

"Hmm...that just won't do, now will it?" Akasha asked tapping her chin. "We can't have our Ituma going hungry, now can we?" she asked with a mischievous smile. 

"No, we certainly can't," Lulu said matching Akasha's smile, "wouldn't you like that Sebastian? The two of us eagerly waiting for you to fill us with this hard cock," she cooed sensuously. Rubbing Sebastian's hard bulge hoping to entice him to line her bed, if only for a short while. A devious smile graced her lips as Sebastian glanced at her as he held the metal panel aloft while his other hand tightened the screws that were meant to hold the panel secure. "Oh! I do think it likes the idea," Lulu giggled as she felt his cock flexing underneath her hand. 

"I would think it should," Akasha nodded, "given that there are two hot, sexy, willing women that wishes nothing more than to please you, Löwe," she said, grinning madly at him as she peered beneath the navigation console. 

"Maybe... later," Sebastian said. His right eye scanning down the bio-screen. Wondering how long his nanites would hold out as the error percentage slowly increased. Shutting down the sub programs he didn't need at the moment, as the last screw sat snuggly in its slot. "Okay..." 

"Mmm...yes, Sebastian," Lulu purred. Her eyes fluttering as his hands caressed her ass, sucking on her lower lip as his left hand gave her a light spank. "You do like my ass don't you, Sebastian? You like how those cheeks responds to your spankings?" Lulu asked drawing out the word. 

"Well, if you... behaved maybe you wouldn't be spanked," Sebastian said coyly before restoring the power to the navigation console. 

"Hmm...your Ituma doesn't know the meaning of the word behaved," Akasha said sinking to her knees behind Lulu. "Not when she is so...horny," she whispered lasciviously into Lulu's left ear. Bringing her arms around Lulu's chest, her hands dancing along Lulu's stomach towards her awaiting peaks. 

"Mmmhmm," Lulu moaned softly as she leaned back against Akasha. Her muscles rippled as Akasha slowly, deliberately, agonizingly teased her heavenly orbs. Her hips moved on their own rubbing her mound along Sebastian's hard tool. 

"Yes, that's it Ituma show our Löwe that gorgeous face of yours," Akasha said heatedly as she rolled Lulu's nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. "Show our Löwe just what he is missing," she said, her lips tugging on Lulu's earlobe. Her violet eyes glanced down at Sebastian, the palm of her right hand ran down Lulu's back, along her ass, then in-between her legs. Flashing Sebastian a coy smirk as her finger ran along Lulu's slit. "You like that don't you Ituma?" Akasha purred into Lulu's ear. 

"God, yes!" Lulu moaned softly. Reaching up her hand caressing Akasha's cheek as her womb detonated in her climax. "Mmm...Sebastian, just look at what you've turned me into," she said breathlessly. Her hands roamed his chest as she leaned forward. Her auburn hair shielding them, her lips inches away from his. Her feather light touch danced along the side of his chest, before her left hand came to a rest on his taut pectoral muscle. "Can't you feel that heat?" Lulu purred rubbing her clitoris along his bulge. 

"Kind of hard not to, Lulu," Sebastian said looking into her ruby eyes. 

"Then why not take care of it?" Lulu asked her tongue flickered out teasing his lip. 

"Yes Löwe, come and take care of us," Akasha said wantonly peering over Lulu's left shoulder. 

"Once I figure out this problem," Sebastian said patting Lulu's hip telling her to move. 

"No," Lulu pouted shaking her head. "Now!" she said reaching down stroking his hard phallus through his pants. "If not, then you and I will be here until you do," Lulu said smirking deviously. 

"Alright, go wait in your cabin I'll be there shortly," Sebastian sighed. 

"Come Ituma, let's give our Sebastian some time to put up his tools, and to lube up his more important one," Akasha said lustfully as her hand ran along Lulu's before grasping Sebastian's root. Teasing the man to no end. 

"Sebastian, we have been waiting," Akasha purred as she and Lulu knelt on her bed flashing him their naked posteriors as he entered. "Come Löwe," she said wantonly. Her fingers slid through her pink lips, enticing that old enhanced warrior. 

"Yes Sebastian, come fill us with that hot seed of yours," Lulu said. Reaching back grabbing hold of her right ass cheek spreading it, so that Sebastian could see how eager her mound was to have him inside of her once again. 

"Yes indeed," Akasha purred her tail swishing behind her. "Mmm...yes," she moaned as Sebastian's fingers danced along her throbbing labia. 

"Don't forget about me," Lulu said wiggling her ass at him, "yes...Sebastian, touch me," she said breathlessly, feeling two of his fingers sliding into her hot box. 

"You know you two will probably be the death of me," Sebastian teased feeling their hot juices beginning to coat his fingers. 

"Don't you worry about that Sebastian. Akasha and I will be sure to nurse you back to health," Lulu said before releasing a gasp as Sebastian rubbed hard on a particular rough patch within her canal. "Oh god! Oh yes! Harder Sebastian!" she moaned as her muscles began to tremble. 

"Sebastian? Don't leave your mate out, she desperately wants to coat those fingers," Akasha said, grinning madly as she peered over her shoulder at him. 

"I wouldn't dream of it," Sebastian said with a coy smirk. 

"Oh Löwe!" Akasha groaned as her folds clamped down on his fingers. "Yes Perämies!" Akasha screamed into the mattress as her hot cream coated his fingers. 

"Sebastian, just because she's your mate you better not forget I want to cum too," Lulu said puffing out her lower lip. "Oh! Have I been naughty?" she asked biting her nail as Sebastian spanked her ass. Watching as Akasha spun around on her knees. Her hands making quick work of his belt. The snap button and its corresponding zipper were no match for her nimble fingers. Pushing his pants and underwear to the floor in one swift motion. 

"Mmm...Perämies, is this for me?" Akasha asked as Sebastian's hard tool twitched in time with his heart. Her tongue darted out moistening her dry hungry lips. She knew she was getting better at orally pleasuring her mate (Perämies), yet she wouldn't miss a chance to feel that rod of his on her tongue. Her violet eyes glanced up as her tongue ran up the back of Sebastian's cock. Her tongue swirling around that crown, lapping up those tiny beads of pre-cum that crept up from his core. Her hand grasped the root of his branch before disappearing into her mouth. 

"No fair...," Lulu began to say until her back arched, her muscles rippled, her channel liquefied. "Fuck yes, Sebastian!" she howled thrusting backwards onto his fingers as she rode out her climax. 

"Do you like this?" Akasha asked looking up at Sebastian as her lips danced along the side of his shaft. Her hand softly squeezing his rod as it stroked that hard appendage. 

"Of course...," Sebastian begun to say only to suck in a gasp as Akasha gently sucked on the crown of his rod. 

"Do share Akasha," Lulu purred her ass wiggling as the both of them knelt on the bed. Sebastian's cock out before them beckoning to them in its hypnotic dance. 

"I don't think I can," Akasha giggled as she peered over the right side of Sebastian's manhood. "I just can't get enough of my Perämies," she said, her tongue flickering out tasting his skin. 

"I know the feeling," Lulu sighed running her lips along his shaft inhaling the scent of his rod. Feeling the hormones flooding her nostrils as it permeated the air of Akasha's cabin. While that alone could and has sustained her numerous times in the past. At least to her the act of being filled by a man - namely Sebastian - fed her need in ways she dared not mention. "Now shall we get to the main course?" Lulu asked her ruby eyes lighting up at the thought as she looked at Akasha. 

"Mmm...yes," Akasha moaned softly, "do you want the bottom or the top this time?" she asked placing a kiss on that bulbous crown. 

"The top this time, no sense of having you experience his hands on you all the time," Lulu teased watching Akasha situate herself on the bed. 

"Lies! You just want me to suck on your breasts while Sebastian fucks you," Akasha said sticking out her tongue at Lulu. Giggling at Lulu's reddening cheeks knowing her words struck the truth. 

Chapter Two 

"Sebastian!" Nathan cried out as he raced through the ship. 

"Get back here you cur!" Akasha shouted as she chased after him. 

"Sebastian, help me!" Nathan's voice echoed off the metal plates of the ship. His feet hammering away on the gravity plating as he ran for his life. "Sebastian!" Nathan cried joyously as he saw his friend working down on the loading area of the cargo bay. 

"You can't hide from me!" Akasha growled demonically. 

"Sebastian! You have to save me from her!" Nathan begged as he raced down the metal stairs that led from the catwalk to the floor of the cargo bay. 

"Why?! What did you do?" Sebastian asked not bothering to look at his friend. His mind too focused on finding out where the power surge was coming from to bother with finding out why Nathan was running around screaming his head off. 

"Get back here you coward!" Akasha growled menacingly as she stood in the doorway to the cargo bay. Her razor-sharp claws were fully extended, all so she could tear into Nathan's hide once she got her hands on him. 

"Akasha, stop!" Adriana's voice could be heard further down the corridor. "Nathan didn't do anything wrong!" Adriana yelled from behind Akasha. 

"No! That man took advantage of you!" Akasha retorted peering behind her. 

"Nathan," Sebastian said calmly finally looking at his friend, "what exactly did you do?" 

"Umm...," Nathan chuckled nervously rubbing the back of his neck as he did. "Adriana and I kind of... slept together." 

"Kind of!" Akasha howled, "Kind of! You bastard! You sneaked into her room, took advantage of my friend, and have the audacity to claim it was consensual!" 

"It was!" Nathan shouted quickly hiding behind Sebastian. "I would never force a woman. What kind of man do you think I am!" he said sticking his head out from behind his human shield. 

"Coward! Face me!" Akasha spat after Nathan hid behind Sebastian once again. "It appears you can only face eighteen-year-old girls and hide when you're face to face with a grown woman," she hissed as Nathan used her mate as a shield. 

"I'm telling you I'm not like that! Would you face off with Akasha when she's like this?!" Nathan asked his friend. 

"Hey, don't get me involved in this," Sebastian said, only wishing to distance himself from his friend and the very volatile Akasha, only to have Nathan shadow his every move. 

"Akasha! Will you stop and listen to me!" Adriana panted as she stood at the top of the metal stairs. Clutching the white blood-stained sheet to her chest. The white light of the overhead lights shone through the thin material, revealing the outline of Adriana's body. 

"This fiend dishonored you!" Akasha said, looking up at Adriana while pointing at Nathan. "He needs to be punished!" 

"Nathan has done nothing wrong!" Adriana said stomping her foot. "Stop trying to kill my boyfriend!" 

"Boyfriend?!" Akasha said in confusion. "I won't accept it! This ezel isn't good enough for you, Adriana." 

"But that's not your call Akasha," Adriana said sweetly, her bare feet touching lightly on the steps as the sheet dragged along behind her. "I would have hoped you would be happy," she said flashing Nathan a smile. Since their time in the common area on Pantra's ship, she and Nathan had grown closer to one another. Tonight was meant to be magical for her. To finally become a woman, as the fresh blood on the sheet was any indication, she had indeed taken that step. "Come Nathan, it's late and you promised we could sleep together," Adriana said holding out her hand. 

"Easy, Akasha," Sebastian said, placing a restraining hand on her right shoulder. "I don't think Lulu wants to find another crew member so far out," he whispered noting her murderous rage. 

"But...Löwe," Akasha said. Sebastian could see her need to protect Adriana. Yet to Sebastian, Adriana was a grown woman, no matter how much Akasha wanted to keep believing otherwise. 

"Adriana, is old enough to know what she is doing Akasha, have a little faith in her," Sebastian said warmly to try and still her anger. 

"But... him?!" Akasha said, thrusting her hand out pointing at Nathan's back as he and Adriana climbed the stairs. 

"Even him," Sebastian said with a stout nod. 

"Yes, my Perämies," Akasha sighed in defeat. "Hey!" she called up to him. 

"Y-yeah?" Nathan said turning around, looking into the eyes of a very volatile Candarian. 

"You hurt her in any way. I'll throw you into the nearest air lock and open it just enough to watch as your body gets sucked out," Akasha said with deathly undertones. 

Nathan's adams apple bobbed as he stared down into those cold, hard, dangerous violet eyes. He could feel Akasha's murderous intent washing over him. He knew she meant every word. Nathan never knew her to speak idle threats. 

"I love you too, Akasha," Adriana said, draping herself against Nathan's right side. Resting her left cheek on his shoulder, her hands enveloped his. Absolute content flooded her body as she pressed her womanly shape against Nathan. "Come. You told me you'd make love to me all night. We still have a few hours left," Adriana whispered salaciously into his ear. 

"So...Sebastian," Akasha said, her upper lip curled, trying to keep her anger in check as she turned towards him. "Have you found out where this surge is?" she asked eyeing the open wall panel. 

"I think so," Sebastian said scratching his head. 

"Good. Then get to it," Akasha huffed before marching off. 

Sebastian arched an eyebrow watching Akasha's tail whip violently behind her. Breathing out a sigh, he knew his friend was going to have to watch his back from now on; or at least until Akasha came to terms with Nathan and Adriana being together. He thought upon that predicament as he attached the leads to the control port below the electrical sub control panel. Shaking his head, Sebastian had other problems to contend with before he could even think about dealing with whatever was going on between those two. 

Sebastian's head shot quickly down and to his right. His green eyes narrowed as his hand twitched. Shaking his hand knowing it wasn't supposed to be doing that. Watching as his nanites fired off nerve endings in his fingers, making them twitch and move at odd and rapid movements. Then he watched those little misbehaving bots moved down his hand to his forearm. Huffing against the pain they sent along those same nerve endings. 

Biting his lower lip as his left hand grasped his right forearm. Sebastian knew this was just a glitch, yet it was only just the beginning. If he didn't reach his people soon then Sebastian knew this was going to get worse. 

"Fuck!" Sebastian cried out in pain. Falling to his knees as the muscles in his arm went haywire. "Stop! Damn you!" he growled trying to assert control back over his failing nanites. His right eye darting to and fro along the bio-screen. Scrolling through subsystems upon subsystems until he reached the control processor for the motor cortex for his right arm. Breathing heavily, releasing his grip on his arm watching how it dangled at his side, lifeless. "Well, old man, just what are you going to do now?" Sebastian asked himself, pulling himself to his feet with his good hand. "Well first, I'm going to get this ship flying again. Then I'll collapse in a heap as my nanites eat my cute little butt," he said to himself answering his own question. 
