 Chapter 5 

 It had been over ten years since he had stepped onto the soil of the Onor land. The memories of his childhood flooded him as he had expected. The little princess he had tried to forget haunted him more clearly as his band ascended on the dark castle, using the skills he'd learnt from the corridors of the halls he now crept down. His band moved like cats setting each foot expertly on the bricks silently in the night. Their hearts pounded in their ears, there were so close to the justice they so longingly awaited. 

He had confided with his best friend, Gareth the night before over the fire as their band slept. Many nights the two spoke and jested confidently about their impending raids but last night Novak shared his trepidation. He did not want to harm the princess from his memories, but he also knew that his people had waited for this day for decades. If only he could do what he had to do and someone else within the band could take their justice with the royal family without him having to gaze upon her. He was afraid that to see the princess would weaken him; to love her meant to betray the plan. He recoiled at the thought of the princess replacing the image of his father, kneeling at the feet of King Anorich, the sword already pressing into his pulsating heart as he begged for his young son's life. He was only ten years old when he'd fought hard against the Onor guards to release him so he could run to his father's side and cry into his father's strong arms that used to wrap around him whenever possible. His father's kind face always welcoming and loving for his son, was now filled with anguish and terror. His father surrendered his life and the lives of his people for Novak. 

He was never prepared for the eeriness of the strongest power in the land when they entered the throne room. It was vacant of gentry, no longer did the artists play music within its halls, the company of the prosperous villagers absent in the throne hall, the stone walls were naked of art, hunting trophies and precious silver and gold metals, gems from far off lands were replaced by cold black iron. The king, the man he had detested, who had raised him, sat slumped on his throne. His red elegant robes were the only marker of a once regent time now hung on his bony aged body like drapes. A chalice dangled in his hand, he was drunk, and did not care that his demise had come. The weak man found it humorous to be seated like melted wax against the young warriors. Novak scarcely believed that the king he stood before was the man who had caused so much terro. This drunken, slovenly man sitting on the throne had successfully manipulated his family to give up their kingdom. Novak was now strong and with sword in hand, his father's sword that had been hidden by Gareth's family, he advanced towards the king. The king cackled, "The little whelp has finally returned," and then stood on shaky balance.

Novak sensed a predator standing over him and quickly opened his eyes shifting them around the tent. Splitting pain divided his skull awakening him to the morning. Talyis was standing in the center of the tent watching him like a hawk waiting to swoop down on its venerable prey, her expression determined. In panic, his ears made inventory of his band outside and quickly darted out of the tent. 

Did the witch murder his men in their sleep? Novak alarmed inside.

He burst through the tent and found his men. The sun was inching towards the top of the sky. The men sat around the smoldered fire not really talking, only packing quietly not to disturb their hangovers. They were awaiting their leader to wake up and begin their journey home.

"Where is Gareth?" he snapped against his better judgment of his churning hangover.

"He has not returned since last night, my lord," one answered.

Novak rolled his eyes and sauntered back into his tent. He lay back down on his cot, burying his face in the padding. His own hangover began to beat at his body. 

Talyis remained planted in the middle of the tent and her voice cannoned, "Now that you have taken me, I demand to know your wishes."

Novak cursed, "You pestilent gnat, can you not see that I do not wish to speak to you."

He massaged his temples and caught Talyis digging her heels into the ground. He was being unnerved by the second; she dared to cross him with her pigheadedness.

"If your wish is my territory, you may have it. My land is rich and you will make a great profit in trading. I will personally arrange for my allies to join with your people. Only let my people live and scatter. Let the families find refuge. I will assure you they will not retaliate for their fallen kingdom."

"I've told you, I do not want you land," Novak groaned and closed his eyes wishing her booming voice would shut.

She regrouped her resolve, trying to keep her boiling contempt from ruining the importance of this negotiation. "Then it's life for life you want. Take my life and any of my people from the generation that killed off yours. The young generation does not even know that you exist. Let them be free to live. I believe this is highly diplomatic, nations rise and fall. Your people provoked their fate."

Novak charged Talyis, his head swirling, making him sick when he pushed the girl to the ground. His raging energy sucked all the air out of the tent, "My people were peaceful. Your king massacred our lands without due justice. I told you princess to let alone but your insistent impudence should have you canned. You are marked. Do you know what that means?"

She shook her head frazzled looking up at him in total confusion.

"It means, I've taken you. You are bound to me for the rest of your pitiful life, however short and pathetic it maybe."

"You want to torture me?" she shrieked fearfully and then gritted her teeth determined to fight. "I am a leader of a people, a prisoner of war. You cannot treat me like this."

"Silent that tongue when I am speaking to you. You are no longer a princess and will not be treated like one. You bear my seal, you are my slave. I will do whatever I please. If I wish for you to serve me, you will. If I wish for you to serve my people, you will. If I wish to fuck, you will be ready. I own you." He was exhilarated and knelt in front of Talyis his words bringing heat to her face with every word, "And just to make things clear. You mean nothing. If you were to be with child by me, it will mean nothing. I'll send it to the mines." 

Talyis confidence melted to silent panic satisfied Novak stood and started to change into his clothing as she sat so still in the middle of the tent. He instructed, "Pack up this tent and get my horse ready." He sauntered out of the tent and she could hear him demanding for Gareth outside. She had caused the volcano of his temper to erupt flowing its hot impatience onto everyone in its path.

Gareth rode up calmly to the camp's edge, "I am here Prince." 

"Where have you been?" Novak admonished. "I need you, now." 

Talyis was startled when Novak burst through the tent with Gareth, "Why aren't you packing this tent" he snapped, ignoring that she was already attempting to roll up his cot. "Nevermind, get me some bitters." She looked at the two men inquisitively, "Get me a drink!"

She rushed out to find a bit of whatever caused their merriment the night before and brought it back to him. Novak and Gareth were arguing over a route plan. Novak's face red with heat and sickness, he snatched the drink from her without missing a beat of his tirade. 

Talyis cautiously packed the tent listening to the men's debate on how to avoid the two Navapa camps obstructing their options home. She did not know territory and knew better than to glance at the map with Novak so near. But she was impressed by Novak's quick sound arguments despite being under the weather. He was a great leader, ruthless but great.

When Gareth felt that Novak's crankiness had settled once the decision of travel had been satisfied, he quietly handed Talyis a package twined close, while Novak was preoccupied with his maps. She tentatively took the soft package. A simple white and blue dress unfolded from the paper when she loosened the twine. Holding the dress to her body, she gave Gareth a simple smile of thanks.

Sensing the silent room secretly moving behind him, Novak turned his attention to the two conspirators "What is this?!" Novak criticized and flipped the helm of the dress in his fingers, "You give gifts to a slave, now?"

"Novak," Gareth tried to reason, "she cannot walk around in a shift for the rest of her days." 

Talyis stood still careful to not disturb the already tense air surrounding the men.

"What do you care what she wears?"

"It is soiled. She is bleeding onto it as we speak," Gareth matched.

Talyis shrieked as Gareth grabbed the helm of her shift to exhibit the fresh blood stains painting it red. Agony raced through her, she had been so focused on Novak, on their arguments, that she did not notice that she had been bleeding from her assaults of the last night onto her shift.

"We cannot travel amongst these Navapa with her in this condition," Gareth reasoned. 

"Fine," Novak irked. "Clean her up." 

"I can heal myself," Talyis spurted assertively before Gareth could take a step forward to follow Novak's instruction. 

"Then get to it, I want to leave now." 

Novak turned back to his maps and Talyis winced again faced with the predicament of having to touch and gaze upon herself. Last night, she was so physically and emotionally drained; and she hadn't slept since she had woken from the raid in the burlap sac. The sensations overpowered her as she dared not inspect her injuries. Last night, she had passed out as soon as she had peace to herself and her head hit the padding of Novak's cot. Now, all were very present: the burning from her tattered pussy walls, the bubbling of boils from his mark, the stiffness in her entire body from the grinding of men pushing her muscles hard with each thrust into the wooden base of the wagon. Again, the sensations she had recessed in her mind, now flooded her, freezing her still before the two men in the tent.

"Novak, she cannot look at herself," Gareth whispered respectfully.

"Come girl," Novak snapped, shaking her mind back into the tent, "You smelt of other men's cum all night, I want to bathe you off of me." 

Furry rose in her belly: she wanted to slap Novak, but instead resigned and followed him to his horse. Novak tenderly pat his horse and took its reigns leading him down the path to the meadow. Talyis walked behind him, her arms crossing her chest, wanting to disappear from the eyes of his men recalling taking her. 

Novak's horse trotted about the open field when he released it with a kind pat to its rump. Talyis stationed herself at the entrance of the meadow, wishing she were free from her present state. She'd run free in the glades with bare feet. She wished it were her green-eyed boy looking back at her from the middle of the field beckoning her to him; instead it was a green-eyed monster. 

"Follow me," he barked and marched to the far end of the meadow to where the fresh pond sat, sparkling in the sunrays. 

Novak pulled his tunic off, his muscle-defined back made her shiver. He tossed his boots aside and lowered his pants discarding them easily. She stood wide-eye watching his buttocks shift under his strong legs. He looked like a god. The greatest warrior that ever lived with smooth, perfected skin that bore no battle scars. He splashed into the pond with heavy strides and disappeared under the water. Talyis stepped closer to get a curious look of what lie between his thighs. She had never seen the male organ other than its shadows glowing in firelight and the force of its impact on her body. 

Her heart began to pound; Novak was under for a long time and had not come up to the top. Her feet were moving into the water before she could react with her mind.  Why was she running to him, she could escape, run to the other end of the forest. He came up from the water and she quickly scurrying back to the grassy pond's edge. 

"Take off that shift and wash your wounds," he said less acidly to her for the first time that morning.

She pulled the shift over her head and let it fall gently to the grass, her arms wrapped around her tender breasts. Novak couldn't help but let his mouth fall, she was indeed hurt. Her legs were stained with blood, black bruises covered her golden brown skin, his mark looked like a large white puss boil wickedly inflamed instead of the intricate tribal swirls and lines of his personal seal. Blood leaked from in between her dangling pussy lips. He felt guilty for ruining his angel's beauty.

"Come into the water, wash your legs," he ordered. Talyis raised inquisitive eyebrows at him not moving. Novak discerned her anxiety and swam further away the pond's edge so that she would feel safe. She took steps but winced. His eyebrows crossed with concern, he knew that each step brought back the pain between her legs that she had carefully hidden from her nerves. His Talyis had always tried to be strong despite her vulnerabilities. When he was satisfied with her attempts to clean off the filth from her legs, he continued, "Lean back and wash your back and hair, be careful to keep my mark above the water." 

She rolled her eye indignantly. How dare he think he could instruct her how to bathe. Instead, she cupped water and sprinkled it over her back, she crying out loud when some of the water hit the boil. She stopped and unfolded, everything was coming apart, Talyis scrambled back to the grass, holding her body tight in her arms.

"Stop, I did not give you permission to leave," he barked and swam out of the pond to her. His hands shook nervously as her reached for the trembling girl and made her sit on the grass with her feet floating in the water. His eyes softened, he was jumpy inside, his futile attempts to care for the girl were laughable. "Stay."

Talyis squeezed her arms around her chest and rocked trying to slow down the torrent raging within her. She was numb to Novak's movement around her. He had gotten out of the water and brought her shift back as he knelt by her clenched legs. He pried her legs slightly apart, his eyes avoiding hers, taking the shift into the water and then carefully wiping her legs clean. He was slow to drag the cloth down her legs, letting its coolness calm her. Neglecting her center, he re-wet the cloth and cleaned her neck and arms, more confidently as he pulled her arms away from her. 

He was avoiding her eyes. Her mind finally stopped climbing the cliff it was desperate to fling itself off of and came back into her body. His hands worked quickly re-soaking her shift and then carefully cleaning her, avoiding her pains. His hand cupped behind her neck and tilted her head back. Her face flushed as her breasts were jutted towards him, she wanted to shrink, but he wasn't paying attention to her embarrassment. Novak let the cloth shower her hair. When he was satisfied with his job, he took a new breath of determination and gently dabbed her nipples clean, careful to not disturb the scabs forming from his teeth marks. His cock bounced against his belly, extending, wishing to dive into her warm folds that were so close to his bulbous head. He restrained himself, his thoughts of last night made everything within him lament his choice. Her belly did not rise or fall as she stared at his fingers cleaning her breasts and peaking her nipples. 

Her eyes caught him peeking at her trying to find her expression as he tenderly washed her body. She watched her nipples curiously began to salute to his touch. She saw the yellow glints of the sun in his green-eyes and blushed. He stopped swirling the cloth around her breasts and they starred at each other- past to future conflicting within them. Novak reluctantly broke from her gaze and stood up forgetting his swelling cock looking down at her. He left her in the water and walked around the pond, his fingers combing through the grass. He found what he was searching for and returned between her legs. He brought a bud to his lips and twisted it, leaking its juice onto his fingers. He dabbed the juices onto his mark and she winced. He took her hand securely into his own to reassure her and continued to nurse. He squeezed her hand reassuring her with every flinch she made. Satisfied, he gathered more juice from the bud held between his lips. He released her hand to move her leg further apart from the other. Her petals opened to his gaze, she was glistening wet in the sun. He carefully swirled his fingers around her outer lips with the healing juice and then pushed his finger into her opening. His finger pushed against the bottom of her slit, relieving her tears and building pressure onto her perineum. Talyis mouth dropped and a sigh escaped her lips. Novak smirked; his lips curled around the bud in his teeth as he reapplied more of the juice and continued to heal the girl. She watched as his finger slid in between her folds, curling up making her feel like she was going to pee. Her leg swayed from side to side, in attempts to relax her pussy at the mercy to his minstrels but the rest of her body tensed into tight balls. He could hear that she was close to moaning as silent hisses escaped her moist lips. 

He chucked his attempts to heal aside and pressed his finger against the rough ball of nerves at the top of her pussy. His thumb clamped onto her clit as he began to massage her. Her hips circled in an ancient dance as he drove his fingers deeper and faster into her. The juices of the bud and her sex mixed together sloshing louder as he became more urgent. His own cock's nerves moved on its own accord as his fingers were squeezed by the pussy he now possessed. Talyis moaned in silent quick breaths coming closer together. Her silky walls were so tight on his hand he could barely thrust insistently; instead he pulled his fingers from her and drove his cock into her spasming walls. He was in ecstasy, her orgasm pulsated her pussy around him as he speared into her, forcing the walls apart, again driving her into another explosion. 

His arms circled her as they trembled together at the waters edge. Their breathing melded together collectively. He lay on top of her, his cock still hard inside of her loosened pussy. He sighed, pulled out and he swam into the water to where he had found the bud to find another. He came back to her, she was lying on her back, her chest still rising and falling deeply. He cleaned his seed from her pussy and reapplied the healing bud juice to her. Her hips flexed up with the simplest touch, he smirked and unenthusiastically refused to further stimulate her. 

He emerged from the pond and wrung the wet shift out. Talyis stood up, her back sweaty and decorated with blades of grass. He chuckled tenderly and wiped her back dry with his tunic to remove the grass from her back and arse. He tied the damp shift around her waist, bandaging his mark for it to heal. He pulled the white and blue dress that Gareth purchased in the village over her head, dressing her before he put his boots and pants on. 

His sucked his teeth in a loud kiss for his horse but it was busy grazing on the grass. He blushed and smiled looking at Talyis and embarrassed by his stubborn horse. He ran calling after his horse in his ancient tongue. She couldn't help but smile, he youthfully ducked and darted through the tall grass, his dark curls playing about his shoulders. The horse was startled and began to run away but then realized it was his master. The stallion trotted back at him chortling with his master in affection. Novak brought his horse to Talyis and picked her up to gently place her on top of his prized stallion. She cried out, shooting pain raked through her body to her brain and he winced with her apologetically. He swept his tunic up and led his horse back to the camp with Talyis on top like he had done so many times when they were young. 
