 Sebastian's eyes ran down Akasha's pale nude body as she stood before him. He didn't know what to say. His mind had seemed to have lost all coherent thought. Sebastian took a dry swallow those bright pink areolas stood out in contrast to her alabaster skin. He knew it was because of her human DNA that she wasn't covered in fur like the rest of her people. As his eyes continued down her flat toned stomach. His heart raced as her pink labia peaked out. 

He didn't think it would be so soon. They had been flirting with one another since they forced his past to the surface. Yet he knew Candary mating practices lasted for a year or more. It was the females way to determining if the male was a stable mate -- not the weak or so of them teasing each other. Sebastian knew she was getting frustrated as her tail swished behind her. 

"Say something Sebastian!" Akasha said bashfully, feeling her cheeks heat as those green eyes absorbed her naked form. 

"Forgive me, Akasha," Sebastian said getting to his feet, "It just your beauty had my mind thunderstruck," he said bowing to her. Knowing this was the first stage of their courting, his skin chilled as her claws scrapped along his scalp. Her nose inhaled rapidly, as she sniffed along his neck. He knew if she smelt a hint of fear then she would end it before it all started. 

"Rise Sebastian," Akasha commanded. Standing close enough to him that when he did the crown of his head would skimmed up along her stomach then between her perky breast. She fought herself not to quiver as he did. She knew she had to be strong. She couldn't give into her desire to quickly. That would only bring dishonor to her and Sebastian. "Show me what my mate has to offer," Akasha purred wantonly, enjoying how she was in control. She knew he would do everything she ordered -- within reason. Her tongue ran along her left fang as Sebastian's shirt left his shoulders. "Mmm... Sebastian, I can never get enough of this," Akasha said her hand traced along his chest going from scar to scar, "Someday you're going to have to tell me how you got each and every one," she whispered into his ear as she walked around him. "Now... I think you're forgetting something Sebastian," Akasha said tugging on his pants, "I can't determine if you would be a perfect mate without seeing everything," she whispered lustfully into his other ear. 

Akasha's hand ran over his ass as he bent down. Unlacing his boots before kicking them off to the side. Akasha's hand covered his stopping him from unbuttoning his pants. Her violet eyes held him enthralled. Those lush full lips taunted him to reach out and pluck at those succulent fleshy folds. 

"Here, let me," Akasha offered yet her voice dripped with sin. Her ears fidgeted at the sound of the snap of the button. Zeroing in on the sound of the zipper as it lowered. Taking hold of the waistband of his pants and underwear pushing them both down at once. She glanced out of the corner of her eye as Sebastian kicked his garments off to the side. "Yes," Akasha cooed, walking around him once again savoring the sight before her. She had dreamt about this since she had first heard him speak her language. Akasha smirked as she watched the goose flesh raced across his skin as she cupped his left ass cheek. It made her heart swell knowing he was going to be hers. However, she didn't necessarily need to let him know such things. "Now let us see if this thing can please me," Akasha said hungrily, reaching out in front of him as her bare breasts pressed against his right arm. Grasping his soft phallus she knew she wasn't an expert at such things. She just hoped he'll give her the opportunity to learn to please him better. Her nose traced along the side of his neck as she slowly stroked that growing rod. "Does my hand please you Löwe? Does that cock like how my hand caresses it?" Akasha asked before she softly bit down on his shoulder. 

"Yes," Sebastian said, trying to keep his voice steady as her thumb circled around the head of his cock. In the Candary custom the men weren't allowed to speak unless spoken to or asked a question that required an answer, at least until she allowed him to touch her. So as much as he wanted to take her into his arms. To taste those heavenly lips both upper and lower sets. To cradle her orbs, so his hands would forever remember them. He forced himself not to give into those thoughts until she allowed such a thing. 

"Would you like for my lips to be wrapped around this hard rod, sucking it all down, swirling my tongue around it's crown? Drinking down that seed those heavy hanging balls seem to be filled with?" Akasha asked as her tongue ran along his jawline before slipping in front of him. Positioning his cock between her legs. Allowing Sebastian to feel their velvety soft kiss. To let that steel rod greet her dew laden paradise. "Do you like how those lips feel gliding along that ridged tool?" Akasha asked breathing heavily as she rocked her hips. Her clitoris rubbing against his rod as her juices slowly coated his skin. "Does my womanhood entice you to plunge that cock into to my hot, wet, quaking honey pot?" Akasha asked her hands holding onto his shoulders as her muscles trembled. 

"Yes," Sebastian answered. It took all his will not to flex his cock upward when it passed over her entrance. Yet he knew if he did Akasha would rip out his throat. Candary weren't known to allow a rapist to live for long. Plus he knew that would dishonor her even if it was an accident. Sebastian respected Akasha to much to allow a simple thing as instinct to stain her character, no matter how much those lips felt exquisite to him. 

"Then kiss me Löwe, proclaim to the universe that I am your mate!" Akasha said coyly, as her tongue flickered out teasing the tip of his nose. Akasha moaned inwardly as his arms wrapped around her. His hands heating her skin as their lip-lock embraced lingered as they explored each others warmth. Sighing into his mouth as Sebastian squeezed her ass. She wanted him to explore her body. To know that everything she has was his as much as he was hers. "Touch me Sebastian, feel me, explore your woman, your mate," Akasha whispered wantonly. Feeling her body on the verge of her climax as his hand danced along her stomach traveling northwards, "Yes," she said accidentally biting his lip. She was about to apologize, yet she watched as Sebastian ran his tongue along the wound; coating his lips in his blood offering it to her as a gift. How she devoured those painted lips. However, her sudden attack sent her and Sebastian tumbling backwards. Akasha released a soft giggle as she laid on top of Sebastian feeling his hard tool poking at her entrance. Yet she wanted, no, needed Sebastian to taste her hot box. To see if he would indeed enjoy tasting her until fate took them. Also, she wanted to tease that cock while he did. She could think of no better way then while he was tasting her. 

"Sebastian, there is one place you have yet to explore, and I think it's high time you did," Akasha said as she hovered over his face, her raven hair acted as a curtain shielding them from unwanted eyes. Placing one last loving kiss on his lips before she pivoted her body around. "Look at it Sebastian," Akasha said, as she knelt over him spreading her lips open. Knowing how her juices would gleam in the light of the plasma injectors. Sebastian ran his eyes along her welcoming mound. Her arousal filled his nostrils with it's honey sweet scent. "Taste your mate Löwe, see if we are meant to be," Akasha purred as she lowered her hot mound onto his awaiting mouth. Instantly, her body was on fire as Sebastian's tongue parted her lips. Falling forward bracing herself on his chest as Sebastian's lips plucked at her clit. She tried to keep her claws from extending, yet as he sucked gently on that throbbing bud. However, Akasha couldn't help it as Sebastian's tongue circled around her entrance. 

Sebastian hissed as her claws dragged up his stomach. Akasha berated herself for allowing her instincts to get the better of her. Yet even as she ran her tongue down the open wound she could feel it sealing as she lapped up his warm blood. It was one of the reasons humans weren't the best partners for Candarians. Candary skin was more resilient at resisting the light pressure from their claws. However, Sebastian was like no human. As her tongue left his skin all that was left were four pink welts. However, that little distraction didn't stop Sebastian. No. His tongue had yet to yield. It needed to explore every inch of her womanhood. 

"Sebastian, I may not be good at this, but please don't hold it against me," Akasha said through shaky breaths. 

"Watch the fangs," Sebastian teased before going back to his exploration. Akasha playfully slapped his thigh at the remark. She wasn't about to harm his member. Not when it had yet to please her ravenous cunt. Akasha stared down at that twitching rod with trepidation. She hoped she could please him, as Sebastian was currently pleasing her. She knew it wouldn't bode well if she couldn't comfort that part of her mate. Tentatively, lowering her head, her hand grasped the base of his cock as her lips inched closer to that blood engorged head. Her tongue flicked out tasting that bead that sat so perfectly on the tip. Mulling over the taste that lingered on her tongue. It was the first time she experienced it. She wanted to make sure she could cope with it. 

When she was satisfied that she could grow to enjoy it. Only then did her lips inch down over the hood of his crown. Akasha sucked gently on that heated tip. Her tongue swirling around that glorious bulb. Taking that hard, veined member deeper into her mouth. Akasha's eyes flew wide as Sebastian inserted two fingers into her canal. Squealing around his cock as his mouth and fingers worked in tandem. Akasha wasn't about to allow Sebastian to be the only one giving out pleasure. Her head bobbed on that rod coating it her saliva as her hand worked his shaft. After a few minutes Akasha felt an odd twitching. Then suddenly her mouth was flooded by something hot and salty. She tried not to gag on the sudden eruption. She knew he would have told her if his mouth wasn't preoccupied. Yet she wasn't angry with him. No. She was joyous that she could bring him to an orgasm with her mouth. 

"Mmm... it has an odd taste," Akasha said rolling her tongue around her mouth, spinning around so she could look down at him. "But I'm willing to try it some more if you let me," she purred as she draped herself across his chest. Reaching down between her legs hoping to reignite that rod once again. She wanted it somewhere desperately. Her womb wouldn't allow her to leave without that hard tool filling her cunt. Lulu had once told her once a man had orgasmed. That it took them forever to reharden. Akasha wondered how long she would have to wait. Pondering if his nanites could speed up the process. Akasha's lush lips curved into a smile as his rod started it's regrowth. She mused to herself if Sebastian was a mind reader. "Are you enjoying your mate, Löwe?" Akasha asked her muscles trembled as his hands down her back coming to a rest on her taut ass cheeks. 

"Of course, Bel, how can I not when I have you above me?" Sebastian said smiling slyly. 

"Good, then you won't mind moving into my cabin yes?" Akasha asked as she kissed along his neck. "Your mate shouldn't spend these dark nights alone in her bed. When this hard cock so eagerly wants in to my paradise," Akasha said lustfully, as she slowly inched down on his rod. Sucking on her lip as her virgin cunt gradually grew accustomed to his girth. Her breaths came out in heaves as she pasted the halfway point. Her claws dragged down his chest as her womb quivered. She never thought it would feel so good. To feel that hot, hard tool filling up her canal. She had always thought it would hurt, given how Candarian penises had tiny barbs running along the length of their shafts. Yet, no, all she felt as that hard member filled her mound -- was pleasure! Unspeakable pleasure. Her violet sultry eyes peered down at Sebastian as the entirety of his dagger rested in her sheath. "Well, Sebastian what is your answer?" Akasha asked rocking her hips slowly. Trying to contain her trembling body so not to injure his body anymore then she had, at least not when his nanites still needed repairing. She didn't want to over tax their already malfunctioning CPUs. 

"If that is your wish Akasha," Sebastian said running his hand up her chest, "Then I see no reason not to," he said cupping her right breast. Sebastian enjoyed seeing how she tossed her head back as he sent his rod deep into her while he teased her nipple. Akasha released a rumbling satisfied purr her womb flooded, soaking his manhood in her hot cream. Leaning back she wanted Sebastian to see how that rod of his looked gliding in and out of her box as her hips pumped along that shaft. 

"How does it feel Sebastian? How does my pussy feel compared to the other women of this ship, hmm?" Akasha asked her competitive streak flared it's ugly head. She wasn't about to be out done by Lulu or Amanda. She wanted to be the one that he would always return to. No matter if he slept with them. She would always be the one in his bed. Not Lulu, not Amanda, while they might use his body, but his heart was hers and hers alone. 

"Exquisite!" Sebastian said fighting back a moan as Akasha's folds squeezed down on his tool. 

"Good," Akasha smirked as she leaned forward, "Now fill your mate with that hot seed, Löwe," she whispered wantonly into his ear. Her lips captured his as that warm goo flooded her womb. Feeling that hot seed of his coating the walls of her womb. Knowing this was how it was meant to be for them. That she would always welcome him into her bed. While he would share his life with her. "Now you finish your work. While I clean myself up, you left something soiling my womb," Akasha teased as she slid off his pole. 

"Sebastian, must we do these tests now?!" Lulu asked annoyed as they waited for their Candary contact to show. She hated being in one spot for too long. More so when they were floating aimlessly out in deep space. 

"Yes," Sebastian said looking up from the weapons console as Lulu leaned against it. Allowing Sebastian to peer down her shirt. "That is if you don't want to blow out the shield emitters, along with the dark matter drive and the coil as well." 

"Alright, alright," Lulu sighed in surrender. Hanging her head her eyes glanced over to Akasha as her hand ran along Sebastian's shoulders. She wondered if her old friend had taken him. She didn't know why she felt jealous of Akasha. She had only slept with Sebastian to feed her need. That's all that Canaan felt. Yet why was it she felt the twinge of jealousy when she watched the two of them? Was it because Akasha found something she could never have, or was it because she too felt something for Sebastian? An emotion that she could never truly relay to him. However, had she not taken him countless times already? When her people normally left one bed for another. "So how's the progress?" 

"It'll take a few days to bring the coil up to full power. Since this technology is years behind Venus Oculari ,it'll take some time to fully incorporate the coil into the system. That's why the test Captain. So there won't be unnecessary spikes in the grid. However, even as we speak the shield strength should fend off a Frigate class ship," Sebastian said studying the data that was pouring in. 

"Oh," Lulu said her eyes lighting up at the news. There weren't many classes of ships that large that roamed the quadrant freely. Those were used to fortify the Cloud Nebulae. To prevent people like her from pillaging those rich overstuffed worlds. "So tell me when the coil is fully functional just how strong will it be?" 

"A ship this size, with a Venus Oculari Battleship shield generator, oh I'd say a mother ship," Sebastian said with a mischievous smile. 

"Sebastian, I think I could kiss you right now!" Lulu said cheerfully at the news. She glanced quickly at Akasha who nodded. Lulu reach out grasping Sebastian by the sides of his face. Bring him into her, her lips parted as they met his. Moaning inwardly, as her tongue swirled around his enjoying the feel of his skin underneath her touch. She knew she was going to need to visit Sebastian soon. She couldn't think of a better time then when he was in the engine room alone. 

"Sebastian, how can a Battleship shield generator have the output of a mother ship?" Adriana asked perplexed by his statement. Quickly, glancing over at Nathan wondering if he would ever kiss her like that. 

"You see the generator is proportional to the size of the ship. While the Battleship needed eight to create a stable field. While given the size of the Silver Wind in contrast to it, the smaller the field, the stronger the generator output will be," Sebastian said scratching his head trying to explain it the best way he could. "With the Silver Wind a thousand times smaller then that ship was, the shields can take more of a pounding. Does that explain it to you?" 

"Not really," Adriana said shaking her head, "Maybe if you show me how it works then I might get a better handle on..." 

"Captain! I'm getting an odd reading off the port bow," Gil said interrupting Adriana, unsure how to decipher the sensor readings. 

"On screen!" Lulu commanded arching an eyebrow as she stared at the star filled screen, "Gil, are our sensors malfunctioning?" 

"No, they aren't," Sebastian said seeing the distortion. "Gil, open a channel," he said stepping out from around the weapons console. 

"How do you know this?" Lulu asked resting her hand on her shapely hip as he passed. 

"Because they are here," Sebastian said as the Candarian ship's cloaking device distorted the star field behind it. 

"How?" Akasha asked her tail swayed side to side as she watched her mate. 

"Simple, watch the star field, see the distortion?" Sebastian said pointing to the left side of the screen, "It's how they harassed the Venus Oculari in the waning years of the war." 

"Channel open Sebastian," Gil said nodding to him saving the data to his neromatrix. 

"Hail! I, blood-brother to our Holiness, the great Pantra, greet you my Candarian brethren." Lulu fidgeted in her seat. Like all sane people no one sought out the Candary. Much less alone broadcast out an open com line to them. 

"As expected from the Great Löwe, to see our approach before we were within weapons range," came a hearty reply. Adriana's eyes sparkled in wonder as the ship de-cloaked on the screen. Nathan glanced at Sebastian hoping he knew what he was doing as the mother carrier slowed it's approach to a few hundred kilometers off their bow. "I, the second, greet you oh honored Löwe. We have come at your request my brother. If you power down your shields we shall tractor you into our carrier bay." Sebastian raised his left hand giving Akasha the signal. "Once you are on board our technicians shall get to work, turning that ship into a fighter worthy to carry our brother the Honorable Löwe," he said bowing to Sebastian. "Löwe, if I may speak freely?" 

"Go ahead," Sebastian nodded taking up a formidable stance. 

"We would be honored if you would partake in the Stjrid. It's been to long since we have seen our Löwe fight in the ring." 

"Sure, I'm sure there are plenty of those young cubs thinking they could pounce on an old warrior," Sebastian said with a taunting smirk. 

"That my brother is true. There are far too many and eager to test their skills," the man said in heartily laugh. "Just one request from one warrior to another." 

"Yes?" 

"Try not to break to many of their bones," he said remembering the one and only time he had seen Sebastian fight in the ring. 
