 Chapter 5

The atmosphere in the glade was reaching boiling point. The very air itself held its breath, waiting. Waiting to see who would break first. The stillness of the night heightened Phan's awareness of him, of the moonbeams glancing off his dark hair highlighting blue-black streaks in it, of his eyes turning a vibrant cobalt with contained power and strength. The tension was becoming unbearable and the trickle of sweat rolling its way down between Phan's breasts was like a living flame on her hypersensitive skin.

At long last as Phan neared her limit, he spoke in a velvet soft voice.

"There is more to this. I can see that much. You do not want me dead. You need something." Looking at her, watching her inhale a large breath he saw some of the tension release from her body. There was something else.

"Something," looking away to the south stone, away from his too intense gaze her eyes glazed as she considered. Frowned. He was needed, but would he accept the challenge?

"If I show you…it will change the way you view everything…shake your standings…what you believe is right and wrong," she faded off as the memories of dreams and lost foresight bombarded her. Shaking, her skin raised in goosebumbs as wardings flashed over her to protect. Rising above the memories, Phan focused on the sigils magically put into the rocks by a long lost race. Breathe, just breathe…Getting her scattered wits back under control came at a cost. It made her body and mind oversensitive to everything. Her clothes hurt, breathing in air was like fire, and her heartbeat shook her body. Elves outside the glade having conversations seemed like they were in her head shouting at her. When finally she could focus her eyes, she felt a sword point at her throat. Great! 

*Where are you?* Her inner guardian remained silent. Humph! 

He was startled to see her shake. Watched as her arms and chest broke out in gooseflesh and sway like she was going to faint. It was the only opportunity he was going to have. Calling his sword forth, he pinned her to the stone at her back.

"Why should I believe you?" His voice held a menace the likes she had never heard before. The velvet tones were more than lethal, literally able to kill with a word.

"Because the worlds balance hangs in your hands Efliluer," her eyes met his. The moment hung, suspended like snowflakes in a dark night, stretched, until Phan thought her overtaxed nerves would implode…Then he spoke:

"Show me then Aira Eird what this dammed world wants of me!" His voice was harsh and demanded her response. Removing the sword point from her throat, he stood back and waited.

Phan took several deep calming breaths, if he took this the wrong way…well…great!

Moving to the North stone, its carved face and sigils were getting brighter as the moon tide of magnetic power was just about to surge through the glade, powering the flux lines in white illuminance and world power. This in turn heightened her awareness and reinforced the containment weave. Phan used this surge of power, caught it in her being and redirected to the part of her that was her sight, let go her barriers, and showed him on the North Stone what would happen…

Of Balador's towers and battlements crushed to crumbling rubble, the headland once supporting the fortress no longer there. It was like the headland was cleaved off by a mighty sword. A great scar on the landscape. People in the streets dieing. Mothers' hugged babies and children killed in position by a fire of arcane means. Boiling blood running like a river into the aqua sea, hissing like acid as it entered. Mothers, children, fathers all butchered like pigs and left to rot in their own entrails…

Of this city, razed to the ground, tall sand towers obliterated. The lush gardens on fire and scorched like a wildfire had come through with the force of a hurricane. The strongest spell weavers caked in their own blood and faces, held by ropes for the amusement of their torture. The once fine golden people no more. Of King Lorsa's head on a pike, the rest of his body mutilated…

Of their own forest domain, the protective trees aflame, uprooted from the protecting soil, covered in blood as their women and children were used as play for marauding soldiers no longer of this world, raped, beaten, hanged, tortured…

"Creator stop!" held by the world's power, he could not look away…

Of their warriors, absorbed into the ranks of the undead, doing unspeakable things…to the throne room, where a half human, half demon sat. Phanerio's body slung over his knees, her beautiful eyes vacant, blood running down her long fingers like a spiders web to fall into her congealing blood underneath the throne…dead…and of himself tortured and forced to watch as they raped and killed the Aira Eird. To a dieing world, choked in black smoke and horror unimaginable…

"It's your destiny to kill him," her lilting voice brought him back as she released the tide of the flux sending it down the lanes and promptly passed out at the feet of the Efliluer High King…Cadeyrn.

~~~

The blurring of a black thing and a greenish thing was the first hazy image Phan got as she opened her eyes. She had no idea how long she had passed out…an hour, a day, a week? Blinking rapidly, she tried to focus her eyes…failing. 

*'Your back! I've been watching over you. I don't think lover boy is doing the best…'* 

Dragons had a strange sense of humour. A slight smile fitted around Phan's mouth as her guardian told her how long she was out,

*'Not too long, I brought you back, thought it prudent, he has questions…' No doubt he does.*

The rapid blinking showed her it was the midnight sky dotted with sherbet stars and dew covered grass. Slumped on her side where she had fallen, Phan took stock of her inner self. Physically she was fine but her spirit was raw and bleeding. Gathering what little energy she had left, she pushed herself upright into a sitting position. Swaying slightly, hand to her throbbing head, hair in disarray around her body and face, she forestalled him coming over, "I'm ok." Hungry but ok.

Dragging her unruly hair away from her face, she regarded King Cadeyrn sitting opposite her. Still a bit woozy she leaned back on an arm, lest her head fall off. He didn't look great. 

*'He looks like how you feel.'* Phan couldn't agree more. Shadowed blue eyes, the crystalline depth dulled by shock and anger met hers, still golden from the flux. 

Raising a brow she asked, "You have questions?"

It seemed an eternity before he answered. Beautiful voice hoarse, "How long have you known about this?"

A wry smile made its way to her mouth and full lips, "You would not believe it if I told you. Let's just say I've been haunted by the dreams since I can remember…"

"You knew before you left? Why did you not tell someone?"

Oh dear, how to tell that! Well… "It was not the time." Hastily looking away before he saw her emotions, Phan elaborated, "After the last failed awakening." A hard swallow of rising bile, "I had a dream. Nightmare, humans call it. I always knew what would happen in advance, small things really. But then this night…I woke screaming…I ran…thought if I got away then it would be ok." That logic now at this time was ridiculous, but back then…a young Eflil with no powers… who would have believed her?

Cadeyrn, observed her closely. I woke screaming. There was more. A lot more, but from the stiffness in her body, he doubted he would get anymore out of her this night. When she moved to brush her hair away from her face, he was instantly transported to another time…

Of her lying in the same position propped up on one elbow, body lying along side his. Of him brushing her hair back, and her moving her body more snugly into his, tracing the defined muscles of his arm, up to his chest. Strokes that traced the beautiful swirling inked power sigils all over his chest and abdomen, making him close his eyes. Following the lines tattooed onto his body with her eyes, he thought he was aflame, each line coming alive with each tender caress, until he burned from the inside out. When she traced the lines up to his hairline, he shuddered, needing to feel her satin skin. Sliding his palm around her waist, feeling the shudder racing over her body, he pulled her sweet curves into his hard muscles. The feel of her breasts and slickness rubbing on his thigh was pure torment. Her fingertips traced ever so slightly over his high cheekbones to his dark eyebrows, down to his full slightly harsh lips, outlining them, leaving them tingling for her kiss, her other hand pulled him closer so their mouths could meld. Drowning in her taste and feel of her supple body arching into the hardness of his…her unique scent calling to him, knew she wanted again too...

Shaking off the memory was not easy. It was safer to be angry. Far safer than the other feeling her presence induced. Taking in a deep breath, balanced calm was all he was about afterall, he refocused on her face, "It wasn't ok. No matter what you think. Who is he, the demon?"

"The best I know is he was once a human magician as they call it. He was once known for his amazing abilities before the Elves spilt. He then went missing for Millennia. Prophecy says that he will return and rape the world. For my visions that would be fairly accurate. Where the demon part comes from, it is not of this world. I would know if it were so." Getting up, Phan stretched cramped muscles, and looked out over the hidden city, trough the confinement weaves.

"The races of this world will have to combine to have any chance of combating him and his armies. There is a person, if you agree to the cause that can tell you more about that. King Lorsa is willing," shrugging Phan regarded the quiet figure before her. "What do you say King?"

Gazing into the distance, Cadeyrn realised his hands were tied. Form a partnership of the world's armies or lose all? He was never known as stupid!

"I would like to talk to King Lorsa if I may?"

Phan nearly jumped for joy! Food eventually! "Yes, of course, I'll be right back…" Literally running through the weave, she met with the maje that were strained, beyond the point of endurance who were controlling the weave. She took on the powers which they controlled and coalesced them into a living energy that drenched the whole city in a white light, visible from afar.

Satisfied that no higher acoustics was left of the weave, Phan turned to both men. Lorsa was standing with a full cohort of warriors at his back. They were dressed in battle outfit, with helms swaying slightly in the breeze and weaponry glinting in the moonlight. They were all ready to pounce and tear Cadeyrn limb from limb should he even move a hair. 

Like a full cohort could stop him!

Cadeyrn in response to all the hostility directed at him just sheathed his sword and waited. His silence and stance menacing in its own right. 

Phan stood between the two divided Kings, "King Lorsa, King Cadeyrn," and with that she turned on her heel and strode away through the warriors and glade. Which was more important? Two powerful rulers taking clumps out of each other or food? 

Chapter 6

Strawberry soufflé! Her absolute favourite! Dancing over to Cook, Phan graced him with a rare hug. Thrilled speechless, Cook could only smile and watch her walk out with the bowl of soufflé tucked into her hands. 

Phan drifted through the gardens that were lush, full and green. The sounds of the nocturnal animals soothed her and let her body relax. Her body felt like it was ready to burst. Strolling aimlessly through the gardens, she bent over to smell a night flower, whose perfume wreathed itself around her like a blanket. Straightening Phan noticed a heated discussion up in the Kings tower. Oh great! She could hear the raised voices. 

*'Better go up there to make sure they haven't cut of heads!'*

 Phan sighed tiredly and agreed.

~~~

Walking steadily up the rounded staircase cut into the sand of a great dune, Phan noiselessly entered the Kings Conference room. The centre of the room was dominated by a huge table carved from the greatest Elf artisans. Colourful frescos in the white sands adorned the walls, depicting the life of the Light Elves. Light illuminated the room in a golden glow by blown sand scones with candles within. More lights were suspended throughout the room and over the table giving an unearthly luminosity. The very air itself vibrated with the emotions in the room...

On that table the two Kings were at it like bitches in heat. Men! Both turned hostile gazes her way as she walked in. Ignoring the hostility, why bother? Phan sat herself down at the table. Lorsa was at the head to her right, Aidion, King Lorsa's war captain at the other end and Cadeyrn across from her. Aidion was puce, really not a good sign! The table shook still from the recent battering of fists upon it. 

Humph, men! 

"A partnership with them? No! Absolutely no way," Aidion fumed. Righting the chair that had fallen in his abrupt standing, he sat back down and glared at Phan, who smiled gamely back. 

Lorsa looked sympathetically at his right hand man. "If you have seen what we have, you would understand." Turning to Phan, she noticed he looked far older and worn. More than she had ever seen. Dark circles under his eyes and his skin seemed stretched tight over his bones. He asked, "Is there any way to let him see?"

Three pairs of eyes all bore into her. Not one for being the centre of attention, Phan glared at each one in turn, not caring if they seen her golden irises, then replied in a soft voice, "Yeah, but...I will ask a boon in favour."

"He has to see Phanerio. It is the only way. Name your price," sighed Lorsa.

"I don't know yet. You'll know when I know," smiling her best smile, she knew he would oblige her with anything she asked. Grumbling Lorsa said, "Get on with it then."

"Alright, Aidion, would you please come with me?"

"Why does he have to go? Do it here!"

Riling she faced King Lorsa. Her stare and stance immediately making him back off. Something about her suggested that he might not keep his head. He bowed his head as Aidion followed her out.

Cadeyrn watched Phanerio interact with the King and his war captain. She was definitely different. Gone was the girl he had lain with in the glade, in her place was now a warrior. A warrior he had no doubt could match even him. It was strange. He thought it was an illusion, a trick of the light. But when she had turned on King Lorsa, there was a shadow behind her, like a spirit. It wasn't elven or human, but something else... 

~~~

To show Aidion what he wanted to know, it would cost her again. She was tired. So tired. Plus was pissed off waking up on the floor, frozen to the bones and starving. The stresses on her body meant she needed food to replace the lost energies; else she turns into a grasshopper! Walking down the corridor they found a vacant room, a good distance from the conference room. She was followed in by a reluctant Aidion, who if he knew her, was as reluctant as him.

Turning she said, "It won't hurt, you won't remember how you have the memories, you just will." Moving around the room she hummed, calling on the air to respond to her summons, using the very air itself to block sound escaping. Drawing on the higher frequencies she tightened the net so it was noise tight.

Taking a deep breath, feeling it swell in her lungs, burning she released it and the tension in her body. Turning to Aidion she said, "Just look into my eyes."

He did, and was drawn into the startling gold points radiating from her irises. He seemed to fall into her arms, and as her mouth touched his he was aware of their aura's touching, combining and of her passing information directly into his mind...

~~~

Sometime later Aidion walked into the conference room to see a light meal had been left, and the two rulers still glaring at one another.

Standing in the doorway, he regarded his greatest enemy. Having to form a partnership with them was not sitting well in his mind or stomach. If truth were to be told, it was nauseating to think that the two estranged Elf Nations might work together. They had a lot to get over before a partnership could be agreed. Sitting down warily, bone tired, he said, "Whatever it takes, we will do all we can to defeat this evil."

Hauling in another breath he continued, "If you both have seen what she showed to me, we must endeavour to do everything in our powers to stop him."

Lorsa looked to Cadeyrn who nodded ever so slightly.

"May I ask Aidion, where is Phanerio?" Lorsa questioned more concern in his voice betraying his feelings for the girl.

"Passed out on the floor, said she wanted to be alone. She's worn out. Never seen her this bad." He lapsed into silence.

Lorsa took a deep breath. The poor girl. "There is nothing we can do." Regarding the silent Cadeyrn at the other end of the table, he decided to play with fire. "Phanerio can feel lane fluxes shifting. The balances are thrown out of alignment and she must level them. Our healers can feel it too. It will take all her power in the coming years to hold them steady against this evil." 

Tapping the table, Lorsa ventured, "Can your healers feel the difference in the spin of the world? It would feel like nausea or falling into a void according to Phanerio, Creator knows what she feels!"

Contemplating how many cards to lay on the table, after all, he was sitting in an enemy's kingdom. Cadeyrn replied carefully, "We have felt something. Like an unbalance. I have felt it myself. I knew it was to do with the flux lanes. We thought it was more to do with the distancing of the sun on our orbit around it as we are heading into the lay of the spin. They are falling?"

"According to Phanerio, they are. She holds them stable. You found her in Balador by the simple fact she had to balance the River Gallagh to the sea. If she hadn't then Balador would be currently under water up to your head!"

Silence after this reigned as the three men introspected what lay ahead and behind.

~~~

Some while later an Elf lady came to show Cadeyrn to a room.

"For your comfort, we sleep the small hours of the morning. If you need anything just ring the bell in your suite," bowing low she left him to himself. Sighing, he wandered aimlessly around the room. Disregarding his over jacket, he got a good look of the burns left behind from the desert. Or what was left of them. The rain had literally washed off the ugly red welts, so only slightly pink skin was left. Stroking the pink skin on his forearm he went over to the windows, or lack of them. The room opened straight out into a balcony suspended by fine woven sand that shimmered in the night, like cobwebs with sun sparkling through them. The whole place was as magical as his own home.

Their kingdom was a forest dwelling, with rooms cut out of the very trunks themselves. Branches wove together to make room platforms. Suspended lights like lightening bugs danced throughout the forest at night, while the daylight dappled everything in shades of gold and green. Sighing he moved over to the bed and sat down. Bracing his arms on his widespread legs, holding his head he tried to make sense of everything that had happened...

Sleep? No. 

Drifting through the twisting corridors of the sand tower, he was hard pressed not to admire the art and craftsmanship of the place. It was beautiful. Standing at the edge of a platform, looking down over the sleeping city, his awareness picked up a ring of dissonance...Following the path he traced it to a room, not far off where they had the meeting. Opening the door he saw Phanerio lying on the floor in an awkward position. Her right arm was caught under her body and her face was turned away from him. The noise came from vibrations in the room, which in turn responded to her distress. The air seemed to trying to call to her.
