 Chapter 8

Five months later...

The pitter patter of rain hitting the metal roof of the castle gave way to the plops of puddles on the bedroom terrace. A breeze of fresh cool air made the curtains in the room float like phantoms. Lovers lay on either side of the bed, back to back, extreme opposites; not touching each other, allowing a chasm of bitterness separate them. 

Novak dared not glance over his shoulder to check on Talyis. Her nightmares had ended five months ago, but it did not alleviate her unhappiness. Now instead of the night terrors thrashing through her sleep, she had become so sickly, always throwing up and with a cold. The stress and sickness had taken such a toil on her body that her body she stopped menses. She refused to let a healer touch her and charged daily him for her sufferings in silent glares. He ruffled his pillow taking out his aggravation and wishing the event five months ago had ended differently. 

Novak had made love to Talyis and she made love to him. He was in love with her, there was no denying it any longer. It was deeper than his boyhood infatuation and willingness to do anything for her. If it weren't for his people, he would tear his royal robes from his body and escape with Talyis, giving her the life he'd dreamed of. But he couldn't force himself to send her away and instead tossed and turned, wrestling away his sleep each night trying to find a solution to keep her near. 

He had held her so tightly and kissed her thoroughly that night five months ago. It was not a distant memory; he relived it every night with the hopes of waking up with Talyis reigning with him. She would be a great leader: she was exceptionally intelligent and had shown so much kindness to his people. Some of the villagers had avoided her all together and their faces showed their objections, but they trusted Novak and put up with the enemy sharing their king's bed. He was always watchful but relieved that most of his people took a liking to Talyis. 

It was Umma's familiarity with Talyis when she accompanied him and Calena to the village that haunted him. During his visits, the rift between Talyis and himself did not seem as deep; they worked together to care for Umma. Talyis was strong and understanding when Umma had bouts of senility. Calena elected to stay outside after meeting Umma, she was too disturbed by the reminder of aging the older woman exemplified. Talyis was tender and nurturing with Umma. Only when Umma's slipped into the past did Talyis show her greatest strengths, comforting the grieving woman as the old woman dealt with the consequences of her father, King Aronich's actions. 

Umma was steadfast in not allowing Novak to baby her and matched it with her determination to care for him instead. He was always a babe to her, and her tenacity sometimes tested his patience. Novak felt so inadequate in helping his Umma. It was only when he watched Talyis sitting at Umma's feet on the dusty floor, Umma patting the young woman's hands while telling her, "I may be old and my mind slips, but I am the mother here and always will be. Novak needs to stop his meddling and nursing me. I am my own woman," that Novak would burst into laughter. The ladies looked at him severely, their intimate moment disturbed by him. 

It had become so apparent to him why he'd taken such a liking to Talyis when he was young. She was Umma. But the prospect that he'd be able to see Talyis grey and old, in love with him as his Umma, stopped his laughter to as reality broke in- they were star-crossed. He would not grow old with Talyis. Nor would they spend their nights reflecting over a happy life and family near the hearth as elders. He would soon have to send her away. All because of the morning after, five nights ago, all hopes and dreams of love and family had vaporized.

The morning after the night of passion- five months ago.

