 Rhys woke up as he felt his knee jam into something. He was tilted sideways and Angie was clinging to him as she screamed. There was a sound of twisting metal and alarms going off in the hallway. Rhys held her tight and tried to figure out what was happening. There was still gravity so the gravity machines hadn't been disabled. The only reason the ship would be tilted this way was if it was landing incorrectly. In his first year of university, he had taken a flight course and knew this basic information.

"Quick Angie. Hold onto me and get into my mind." Rhys held her tight and closed his eyes. He imagined the area of Rooan where the water sources were located. He pictured the scene in his mind and felt a tugging on his stomach. When he opened his eyes, he and Angie were standing on the red earth on Rooan.

"Where are we?" Angie was clinging to Rhys and he was perfectly happy to let her hold on to him. Just as Rhys opened his mouth to answer, there was a flash of light on the horizon. He watched as the ship they had been on catapulted itself into the atmosphere and crashed into the landscape. The sound of the explosion shook the ground and he and Angie just stared at each other.

"What the hell was that?" Angie stepped back and looked at Rhys.

"That was the ship we were on. If I hadn't teleported both of us we would probably be dead." Just then Rhys felt a vibration in his back pocket. He reached inside and pulled out his cell phone.

"Oh." Rhys had assumed they had taken his cell phone when he was arrested, but obviously they hadn't. He felt stupid to admit to himself that he had just put it in his back pocket, but at this moment it didn't really matter. He opened the phone and saw the breaking news story flash on the screen. Angie leaned over to see as well.

"Breaking News. Alpha 27 has crash-landed on Rooan. There are no survivors. Unfortunately, three wardens perished in the crash. Rhys Halliday, former member of C.I. was on that ship being transported to Rooan. More news to follow."

Rhys flipped his phone closed and stared at Angie. "You probably want to know why I was mentioned right?"

"Um yeah." Angie was smiling. Even though they had only met a few hours ago, she felt like she had known him forever.

"If I remember the map of this planet, we have a long walk to get to the communications center. We'll pass a waterfall along the way and can clean up and get some water to drink." They walked close together and Rhys began to speak.

"I used to be a member of C.I., or Central Intelligence. I was recruited out of high school and sent to university for the necessary courses. I was very skilled in teleportation so that was what I was hired to do. Basically, I transported myself to different times and places so I could witness people breaking the law. Then I returned to the present and charged them with a crime. A few weeks ago, I began to use my skill for personal gain. I was fired when my boss saw me in two places at once. He knew what I was doing. I wanted to teleport myself one more time to make sure I wasn't making a mistake about what I had seen. That's when I ended up on the ship. I was expecting to be back in my apartment."

"What do you mean personal gain?" They had turned a corner and saw a beautiful waterfall. It was only a few feet high, but the water was crystal clear.

"I don't want to talk about it. Here we are. They think we're dead so we can take our time. I want to go swimming. I've only ever read or seen pictures of this place." Rhys grinned and began to remove his clothing. Once he was only in his boxers, he ran and did a cannonball into the water.

"You always this silly?" Angie began to step towards the water.

"Take your dress off silly."

"No. I barely know you."

"O.K. fine. I'm going to turn and close my eyes. Take off your dress and tell me when you're in the water. When you want to get out I'll close my eyes again."

Angie waited until he was turned around before removing her dress. She was wearing pink panties and a white cotton bra. She knew the scar that went from below her navel to her hip was visible. Her panties were low cut compared to the bathing suits she normally wore. She figured he wouldn't see it under the water. She was comfortable wearing two-piece bathing suits all the time so it wasn't the fact that she didn't want him to see her in only bra and panties. It was that she had almost completely gotten over how she got the scar and really didn't want to bring it up again.

The water was refreshing, warm and cool, all at the same time. She submerged her head and felt so clean and refreshed.

"You can look." Rhys turned around and saw Angie standing in neck deep water. Her red hair had darkened from the wetness and when he looked under the water he saw a white bra and pink panties.

"Wow you are gorgeous."

"No I'm not."

"Yes you are. I promise." Rhys swam over and kissed her softly. Her lips tasted like strawberries and the cool crisp water. She didn't resist, but didn't kiss him back either. Rhys pulled away and looked at her. He looked deep into her brown eyes and tried to read her expression. She didn't look upset, but she wasn't smiling either. She was biting her lip and he wanted to reach out and suck her bottom lip into his mouth. Angie leaned over and kissed him. It was a hard kiss and when she wrapped her legs around his hips he slid his hands under her butt to hold her. Her lips were so warm and wet. He moaned when she flicked her tongue against his top lip. His cock was pushing hard against his boxers and if he was one of those sex starved aliens, he would already be fucking her brains out. He was not an alien though; he was a man who wanted to do that, but was willing to wait. He carried her over to the shore and sat down in chest deep water. She snuggled into his lap and he began to run his hands over her body. They were breathing fast through their noses, not willing to stop the hot, passionate kiss. Rhys ran his hand down her side and over to her tummy.

"Don't!" Angie got up suddenly and ran for her clothes. "Close your eyes. I don't want you to see."

Rhys stared in disbelief. He had felt a small scar and wondered if that was what had freaked her out.

"Look, I'm sorry. If it's the scar, I don't really care. I'm sorry I was touching you."

Angie was struggling to put on her dress. Her skin was still wet at the material was sticking to her skin.

"Don't tell me that scar is fine."

Rhys turned away and listened as Angie stomped over towards the waterfall. When he glanced over his shoulder, he saw that she was sitting on a rock. He got up and got dressed.

"We need to go around the waterfall to get to the communications center." Rhys walked ahead of where Angie was sitting and assumed she was following him. For the first time in a long while, he cared about what a woman was thinking. He realized that he was attracted to her, but figured that doing what they did in the water had pushed her limits. They made their way up a little hill and after pushing a bush to the side, he saw the entrance.

There was a door in the side of the hill and Rhys opened it up.