 Thanks very much to neonlyte for all his help. 

Angelene walked out of the change room and checked herself in one of the numerous mirrors standard in strip clubs. She looked great.

Her face, framed by curling copper red hair and enhanced with emerald green eyes, was angelic. This was the only thing 'Holy' about her. She wore just enough makeup to draw attention to her bright eyes and soft mouth. Angelene's full breasts nicely filled out a white bikini top tied at the neck and back. Her body was slim, but not from starvation or exercise as is so common; she just was. Her waist was tiny and her hips and ass flared out sweetly in bright red hot pants. The stiletto heels she wore matched her pants in colour and beautified her long legs. Her skin was that flawless cream that natural redheads sport. One ankle had a wallet wrapped around it like a cuff.

"Oh yeah," she thought. "Nobody whose interested in sex will look at me and not want me." Angelene loved her job. She adored displaying her charms for people as close as she could, knowing that she could always deny them. She delighted in the sense of power it gave her. Dominating someone with her splendid body turned Angelene on.

For a moment, Angelene thought of the time that wasn't true. Growing up in a strict household, she had no control over anything. When and what she ate, when and how to sleep, what to learn, how to learn it; everything in her life had been decided for her. She had gotten to hate this fact of her life.

So, she had loved it when she discovered she had power of her own. As she grew into womanhood, Angelene caught on to the fact that she was very desireable. People wanted her. Angelene found that she could use that yearning to get others under her control. Most would do anything if they thought they could get into her pants. Angelene never let them. She believed her power would be lost if the promise was kept.

And Angelene found that power was an stupendous arouser.

When she discovered stripping, Angelene knew she had found the perfect job. She could spend all day or night titillating people and she would get paid for it. She couldn't ask for better than that.

Angelene broke that chain of thought. "Time to get to work," she decided and headed towards the bar for the fruit juice she drank while on duty. This allowed her to check out potential customers.

The first people she noticed were a man and woman sitting together in an alcove, away from the stage but with a good view. They looked both nervous and excited. The man, not quite middle aged, was dressed in slacks and a golf shirt. He was heavy set and soft looking with brown hair and eyes. Angelene thought he would be fat before much longer. The woman was a couple of years younger. She wore a white silk blouse, a black velvet jacket and a black skirt reaching to mid-thigh. Her boots, low heeled black leather, covered her calves. The golden blonde hair was professionally done. Like her partner, she was not thin; all of her female features were excessive, giving her a lush appearance.

"First timers," was Angelene's thought. This was usually a good thing. People visiting clubs for the first time often got very excited and spent a lot of money.

Then she noticed another man several tables away from the couple. Her first impression was of size. He was a very large man. He wasn't tall and skinny like a basketball player, or grossly fat like too many men she had seen here. He was solid as a boulder. His craggy face accentuated Angelene's impression of stolidity.

Her second notion was dark. His hair, eyes and clothing were all black. It made him appear to be a piece of shadow. The only light that seemed to show was the glow of a cigarette.

Angelene didn't know what to make of him. "I think I'll check him out after I've made some money," she resolved to herself.

She made it to the bar and got her juice. "The couple first," was her decision. She walked over to their table and made an evolution of sitting down next to the woman. Angelene first faced them so they could check out her face and breasts, then turned to display her well shaped buttocks before placing them in a chair. In a mirror, she could see both of them follow her hot pants all the way down.

"Hi, I'm Angel. I haven't seen you before. Is this your first time here?"

The man nodded nervously while the woman gazed out over the club.

"You can look at me honey. That's what I'm here for. And I would be hurt if you didn't, after all the work I did to make myself worth looking at. You wouldn't want to hurt my feelings would you?"

The woman turned her eyes to Angelene, blushed, then smiled. The man saw his female companion's reaction and a touch of lust came to his face.

Angelene went on with her sale. "So, are you two people just going to watch the stage shows? Or did you have something special planned? If you do, I'm just the person you want for that sort of thing."

"I'm not." said the man, "but Karen here does. This was her idea."

"Tom!" remonstrated Karen. She turned to Angelene, "I thought it might be interesting. But I'm not sure if..."

Angelene reached out and caressed the woman's arm. Karen's sentence ended with a quiet gulp.

"Oh, I think you're sure, Karen. No sense in coming this far and not following through. Come on," Angelene stood up and pulled Karen out of her seat. "You'll have a lot of fun."

As Angelene lead them back to the VIP area, she checked her customers in the mirrors. Karen was excited but it was hidden a bit by confusion. Tom was just as excited, and concealing it under nonchalance as most guys did. As the trio entered the special room, the bouncer smirked at Angelene. He had seen her work before and stood in minor awe of her ability.

Angelene took them to the very last of the cubicles that made up the VIP room. The lighting was dim. Semidarkness made the dancers more comfortable since it hid any physical flaws. It made the customers feel anonymous which made them more stimulated and freer with their money.

"There you go Karen." said Angelene, gesturing at the seat placed in the cubicle.

Karen sat down in the low comfortable chair and Tom pulled up the one from across the aisle. Angelene sat down in her customer's ample lap. Karen stiffened a bit and pulled back.

"Don't worry, honey. I won't bite." Angelene wrapped an arm around Karen and pulled her close. She could feel Karen's heart pounding and see her face flush with embarrassment... and desire.

"The rules are pretty simple folks. Dances are $20 a song, and there's no touching the dancers." Angelene leaned close to Karen's ear and whispered, "But I can touch you. And rules can be bent."

Angelene's warm sibilance on Karen's ear caused the woman to draw in a long throaty gasp. Her blush deepened.

A song started for the stage show. Angelene rotated on Karen's lap, so that her back was to her victim. Then she slid down to a crouch, brushing the skin of her back across the warm flesh of Karen's legs. With her shoulders brushing soft knees, Angelene placed her hands on the leather boots and pushed the other woman's legs apart. There was a little resistance but not much.

Angelene looked at Tom with a devilish smile. He was starting to sweat and he reached into his pants to adjust his anatomy.

Turning to face Karen, Angelene noticed the blond's eyes had a slight glaze to them, her face coloured a light red and mouth open in a slight pant. Angelene thrust on Karen's knees to widen the space between them. The dark skirt rode up her thighs and Angelene could see the red lace thong her customer was wearing.

Angelene slithered up Karen's legs, feeling the warmth rise in them. She ran her body up until she was stretched out on the woman's full torso with her head next to Karen's. "Sweetie, you have the loveliest underwear. Are you hoping to see mine soon?"

"Yes," puffed Karen in reply.

"I might not be wearing any." hinted Angelene. "But you're going to find out soon." Karen let out a breathless moan.

Angelene could feel her own passion start to rise. She loved teasing people, especially ones as inexperienced as Tom and Karen. She knew she would soon have them willing to eat out of her hand, or anything else.

Angelene leaned away from Karen and ran her hands along the woman's lovely face. In response, Karen fluttered her eyes as a hot flare of rapture ran through her body. Angelene kneeled on the chair, placing herself hip to hip and breast to breast with Karen. She could feel the rapid motion of Karen's chest and the softness of her tits.

At that moment the song ended. Keeping her position, Angelene rubbed her head against Karen and asked, "Would you like another song's worth honey?"

Karen swallowed and nodded an affirmative.

"Oh," cooed Angelene, "thank you. It would be a shame to end such a good time so soon."

Another song started up. Angelene stood up and away from her delightful prey. For a second, Karen tried to follow her. Angelene put her hands on her client's shoulders to keep the woman seated. "I'll be back soon enough lovely."

Angelene ran her fingertips along her hips, up her stomach and between her breasts. Karen's eyes kept track of the entire trip. Angelene turned her back to Karen once more and bent over, displaying her covered ass. She stroked her hands up long legs and squeezed her cheeks.

The dancer looked up to check on Tom. He had a very obvious erection and his eyes moved rapidly back and forth, trying to take in the entire lewd scene.

Straightening up, Angelene moved her hands to the knot holding the bottom of her bikini top in place. As it came free Angelene turned to face Karen. The cups of the bra still covered Angelene's tits. "Do you want to see them, gorgeous?"

Karen didn't move or speak but her wide eyes and slack mouth made her assent obvious.

Angelene undid the top knot and her creamy orbs revealed themselves to the hungry person in front of her. The tiny piece of apparel fell to the chair between Karen's legs. Angelene reached down to pick it up, making sure she ran her hand along the inside of a soft thigh. Her client's body twitched at the touch.

Placing her bra on the wall of the cubicle, Angelene placed her hands on her shoulders and pushed her breasts together. "Do you like these, beautiful?"

Karen could only nod.

Angelene covered her tits with her fingers and massaged them. "Can you imagine how good they feel?"

Karen nodded again, her eyes filming with her excitement.

Angelene took her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, tweaking them. The cherry coloured nubs became stiff in response. "I'll bet you would like to do this, wouldn't you Karen?"

Karen answer was a hissed, "Uh huh."

"So tell me. I can't know unless you tell me."

"I never knew," exhaled Karen.

"Go on" said Angelene. And she leaned her body closer.

"How... How sexy this would be!"

Angelene bought her firm tits closer still. "Tell me more."

"They look so tasty, so warm, so tender."

Angelene put her hands under her bust and bounced the tender mounds. "Go on."

Karen reached up for Angelene. "I want to feel them. Fondle them. Taste them. I want..."

The song stopped. Angelene reached out and moved Karen's hands back. "Now good-looking. No touching the dancers." She smiled, winked, and breathed, "Yet.

"Do you want some more?"

Karen moaned, "Yes."

"Good. Because we're just getting started."

The next song began to play. Angelene sat in Karen's lap, her legs gripping the wide hips. She took Karen's fingers and led them over the peeler's waist and stomach. "I don't see anything if you don't Karen." Her customer whined as she felt Angelene's soft, warm skin pass under her palms.

Angelene placed her patron's hands on the fastening holding her pants closed. "Go ahead sweet. You know you want to." Karen's shaking digits took several seconds to undo the button.

When her lower garment was open, Angelene stood up, unzipping the last barrier to Karen's eyes. "Get ready honey" she said. Angelene turned around, bent at the waist and slowly peeled her pants down her sleek limbs. She looked at Tom. The man appeared to be salivating with excitement.

Angelene turned back to Karen, finally revealing all her beauty in it's naked glory. She knew that her pussy with it's pale skin and closely trimmed red hair was as enticing as anything on the planet. A fingernail lightly running through the thin thatch just above Angelene's entrance made Karen go slack jawed and wide eyed with passion.

Kneeling between Karen's legs, Angelene ran her hands up the skin on the inside of Karen's thighs. The sensitive flesh prickled with goose bumps under the touch. Angelene could again see Karen's thong. A large and obvious wet spot had appeared on it. Angelene looked into Karen's eyes and ran her tongue over her lips, sending a message of hunger.

Karen's face grew ruddy and moist in response. She unconsciously licked her own lips, signaling how high her temperature ran.

Smiling, Angelene turned a bit and ran her nipples up Karen's left thigh. She kept going until she had pushed Karen's skirt almost to her hips. Karen groaned and squeezed her legs together, increasing the touch of Angelene's body.

Angelene's excitement was rising. She loved tormenting someone as responsive as Karen. She knew she could make the poor woman nearly catatonic with lust.

Angelene stood and sat on Karen's right leg, stroking it with the lips of her warm slit. She swept her hips back and forth, teasing closer and closer to Karen's focal point. Just before she reached it, Angelene spread her legs and sat in Karen's lap. She took her client's arms and moved them so that Karen's hands rested on Angelene's ass cheeks. The hot blonde reflexively started to squeeze and rub them.

Wrapping her own arms around Karen's neck, Angelene snuggled up, feeling the sumptuous woman's stiff nipples against her own. "Sweetness," she whispered, "you are such a warm and wonderful armful." All Karen could do was mewl.

The music stopped. Angelene sat back, holding her victim away from her. "Want me to go on Karen? We're having way too much fun to stop right now." Karen gave a weak smile and moved her head in agreement.

Angelene danced seven more songs for Karen, tormenting her mercilessly the whole time. They kept within the rules, but barely. Angelene ran her tits over Karen's face and along her neck. She let Karen pet the flesh of her back and legs. She pressed her body against Karen's until her guest's full breasts were squeezed tightly between their bodies.

On the last song, Angelene started to undo the top buttons of Karen's blouse and fondled the skin above the magnificent globes. Then she leaned down and exhaled heavily into Karen's top, causing warm, warm air to run over the sensitive surfaces. Karen grabbed Angelene's head and pulled it to her chest. Angelene ran her chin over the silk, caressing without touching flesh. The overheated woman sobbed in response at the intimate and sexy action.

The music ended. "More, honey?"

"No, no." whimpered Karen. "Can't take any more. Too much. Have to go."

"So sad. I'm glad you had a good time. I sure did."

Tom stood up with difficulty. His steel hard prick was making a large lump in his trousers. He pulled out his wallet and produced Angelene's money.

"Thank you," said Angelene as she moved away from Karen. Her customer rose on shaky legs. Tom put his arm around Karen and walked her out of the VIP room. Pulling him close, she ran her tongue into Tom's ear as they left.

Angelene put her fee away in the leg wallet and pulled her clothes back on. She left the VIP room giving the bouncer a wink on the way out. He grinned back and shook his head in wonder.

Angelene freshened her fruit juice and leaned against the bar. "The night's off to a good start," she mused. "Two hundred bucks in less than an hour. I'm in no rush." She looked over at the big dark man, who hadn't left his table. "I think I'll do a little investigating."

She walked over to the alcove where the man sat and stood in front of him. "Hey handsome. Would you like some company?"

"Of course I would," came the reply. His voice was of a piece with the rest of him, deep and solid. He smiled at her. Unlike other customers, he looked straight at her face. He hadn't even scanned her body as most people in this place did. And the smile didn't say 'She wants me'. It was an expression of... appreciation.

Angelene sat down with her usual flourish. When she turned to look at him, he was still looking into her face. He hadn't followed her butt the way Tom and Karen had. Angelene was a little put out that her power was so far wasted on this man.

"Oh yeah?" she told herself. "Just wait 'til I get going."

The man extended his hand. "My name is Mortimer. You can call me Morty. Mortimer is far too formal for me to use."

Angelene accepted the hand, but a disbelieving look passed over her face. "Morty?" she thought.

Morty caught her doubt. "What's in a name?" he quoted. "It's mine. I have no problem with it."

"Then I don't either," replied Angelene. "Sorry. I'm Angel."

"I must say, I'm quite impressed with your skill. Your customers came out of the private room in quite a rush and looking very..."

"Horny?" interrupted Angelene with a grin. "Why thank you. I do love my work and I like when someone admires it. I bet if we went out into the parking lot we would see a car bouncing on it's shocks."

"They didn't get that far. They're down in the woman's washroom."

"What?!"

"Go check for yourself if you don't believe me."

Angelene blinked at Morty a couple of times, got up and headed for the cans. They were down a flight of stairs in the basement. As she approached the woman's Angelene could hear muffled speech from within. She pushed the door open and it creaked. The sounds stopped suddenly.

The washroom was done up in black and white tile. It had three toilet stalls on the left and an equal number of basins on the right. The furthest stall had the door closed. Bending down Angelene could see Tom and Karen's feet. He had his back to the stall door and Karen's back was to Tom, with her legs spread as far apart as the small space would allow.

Smiling, Angelene stood up. Then she noticed Karen's thong sitting on the edge of the middle wash basin. "They were sure in a hurry," she laughed to herself.

Angelene picked up the strip of lace. She thought it looked wet enough that if it was squeezed, the thin piece of material would leak juice like a slice of orange. Lifting her leg, Angelene stuffed the delicate undergarment into her wallet. "I don't often get a souvenir," she thought.

Angelene went to the door and made a loud show of opening and closing it to make it appear as if she had left.

"Is she gone?" came Tom's voice.

"Oo, don't know. Christ, that woman. She was such a tease. I've never been so horny. No more talking. Fuck me hard. Now!"

The sound of flesh slapping against flesh came to Angelene's ears. A scent of sweat and a woman's arousal started to fill the air. Angelene could hear Karen spouting her passion.

"Christ. Bang me good. Screw me deep. It's so fucking fine. Move that prick. Stick it all the way in. Shit. So good. Harder. That's it. Harder. God!" There was a long guttering moan as Karen came.

As soon as the moan stopped, Karen started again. "More. Stick it to me. Yes. Hard, you bastard, hard. Christ, it feels good. More. Don't stop."

Angelene started to feel her own breasts and lips tingle and swell as if Karen's lust was contagious. "Oh no," she told herself. "I don't fuck customers." So she quietly opened the door and slipped away. Tom and Karen were so busy screwing noisily, they had no idea there had been another person there.

Angelene went back to Morty's table with a smirk on her face. "How did you know?" she asked him.
