 *** Thanks to Ritz and Kaz for all your help!! This is a continuation, I would advise reading parts 1 & 2 before completing this section....Ye may get confused...ENJOY***

Chapter 9

Silk skirts swirled in anger - snapped taught like sails in a storm. Black eyes watched her like the prey she was. She thought she was above him. Him? The most powerful? He could laugh. Reclining back in his human skin chair he watched the beauty pace. Fingering the scar in his cut lip, he thought about what she had said. A dwarf and somebody called Phan. He only knew one Phan and it was Phanerio. His eyes glittered darkly in glee. At last, he thought, I can get her! He would get her back after all these long years for the scars she put on his body. She would pay...

Watching the sable haired beauty pace before him, he thought of how best to trap one who cannot be contained - like air she could move, liquid like water, solid like rock, fire like a dragon...a thought came to him then. He had opened the gate to bring in foreign soldiers and technology, it was massive, and took a substantial network to maintain the power...she would possibly be weak after closing it. Would she be weak enough to allow him to capture her? His smile was not of humour, but of revenge.

~~~

Captain Jool regarded himself as a fair Captain. He looked after his crew and dealt justice according to the crime in question. He was not a hot-head; he did not have bursts of emotion or otherwise useless draining emotions. They were a waste of time! So raking fingers through his long, dark hair again in frustration was out of character. He was furious! 

Glaring at Alex he had to do something. The woman must have a fucking degree in pissing him off! Now she wanted him to sail to Casslaua! He was not mad - plus he was not welcome in such a hostile, beautiful, but hostile city. 

"No, absolutely no way! Orders were to stay here!" he fumed. Dark gaze drilling into her grey eyes that if he was not mistaken, were laughing at him!

Laughing at him?

"Aww c'mon! Where's yer sense of adventure?" Alex asked, fluttering her eyelashes at him. 

His jaw tightened until he heard it crack. "I left it in my other pants!" he bit out! Those eyelashes were the longest and thickest he had ever seen on a woman. They framed Alex's grey eyes, making them stand out like great flowers in her pretty face. She had such an open, honest face, but with a backbone of steel. Yes she had had bad times, who didn't? But there was always something about her that drew him. It was a pity he liked her. A pity she did not recopicate. She was shagging the Prince. Jool rubbed the ache in his jaw - he did not like the Prince. 

Alex sighing brought his attention back to her "Ok, ok, we stay here." She knew when she was getting no-where. Time to try another tactic.

She turned towards the bay window, looking over Balador's bay. It was night, and the moon stuck silver slashes in the sea. Somewhere out there, Phan was in trouble. Alex knew she was. She needed to get to her. Now.

"Ye know...I hope she's ok."

Captain Jool looked at Alex. She was standing in the middle of the window, back to him. Her hair lay in elflocks around her shoulders and down her back. The soft candle light struck gold highlights in her soft brown hair and brought out the cream colour of her gown. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. 

"Phan's a big girl. She can look after herself!"

"I know...but..."

Looking at her standing there, seemingly so lost, he unwisely crossed to the window where Alex stood. He took a position slightly behind and to the right of her. If she moved just so, her shoulder would brush his chest and she would fit against him. He gazed over the sparkling moonlit sea. Frowned, Phan had specifically said 'stay here,' in that tone that said 'you will die bastard if you do not obey!' He knew someone important to their cause was coming to meet them. He understood they had to wait. But standing close to Alex, letting her scent wrap itself around him, he wavered...he noticed her shoulders hunch slightly and to his horror saw she was crying. Acting on impulse he grabbed her waist, turned her around and jerked her into his hard body, wrapping his arms around her like a cage.

As she cried against him, her arms rising against his waist, he knew what he had just done was a bad idea. Could feel her body heat seep into his, even his soul. "It is ok. All will be well." He murmured things to her, nonsense, but words all the same. For once in his life he felt connected to someone.

That thought as it was had him stiffening, had the banshees in his head wail even louder.

Alex had felt him tensing and raised her head. Puzzled she looked into his dark eyes, which had a sprinkle of gold in them. He was strong, dependent and out of her league. His eyes at the moment looked at her with such longing that she gasped, taking a shuddering breath she asked, "How d'ya know?" Her breath tickled his beard, and set his body on fire.

Raising a hand, he tenderly pushed her long hair from her face. She nuzzled his hand. "I just do." 

Gazing into her eyes, he felt her body become softer, like she was melting into his hard frame. Creator! She was all lush curves and blindingly female against him.

Don't do it man! Don't do it! Banshees wailed in his head!

Eyes sparkling, soft face flushed, he traced the fineness of her jaw to her ear, twined his big hand in her luxurious hair and tilted her head back to receive his kiss. 

Lips met, touched, caressed, eased apart and fused. He swore he was only having a taste - and what a taste! She was like oxygen to a drowning man. Sunlight, honey, warmth, compassion, woman. She was beautiful. No. Beautiful was too diminutive a word to describe her. Exquisite? Radiant? Ravishing? Absolutely. 

The second Jool's lips touched hers, her head flew away, resulting in a bodily response she had never known with another. He stripped her of thinking. She could only feel and taste. His body hard against hers, his masculine taste of whiskey and tobacco, his male scent was a drug to her brain, so all she could do was twine her arms around his neck and arch into his. She clung to him as he whirled them to a plane that should not exist.

Gathering as much restraint as he could, Jool went to pull away, but she stopped him by twining her arms around his neck. She stretched up against his painfully rigid body, pressing herself harder into him, opening her mouth so their tongues could tangle and twine. They flew. They both groaned from the pleasure. His arms like bands around her body, he traced her back, soothing her flayed nerves as he took her mouth hungrily again...Jool's head actually swam. His senses swayed alarmingly as she surrendered into him, all womanly curves and flushed skin. The kiss depended so both were needy for the next caress, for the next unexpected sensation. 

Fate was to intervene...

Someone coughed!

Springing apart, Jool pushed her away, she fell against the window, and he drew his sword in the same move. Scanning the room he sensed a man in the corner, a tall dark figure, emitting...nothing...there was nothing coming off him...

"Who are you?" His voice was more gravely than normal. Lust still clogged in his throat.

Alex had retreated to the farthest corner away from the stranger, eyes wide and hand to her mouth.

"I am a friend." His voice was accented, like Phan's. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up, and the pit of his stomach ached. This guy had power, a massive amount of power.

"That does not tell me who you are?"

He thought he sensed a movement, but in reality he had no warning.

He was suddenly looking at flying birds on the ceiling and the tip of a sword point at his throat. As his senses came back he belingerty realised it was his own sword drawing a thin slice out of his neck. Frozen in place, he realised one wrong move would have him killed...then - 

"Leave him!" Alex shouted.

Oh dear Creator, she was going to die! 

Jool knew he looked into the eyes of a born killer. He made seasoned warriors look like tame fanny - licking dogs!

"Shut up Alex!" he wheezed. Jool did not know which was more frightening, that the sword did not flash or that Alex was giving him orders.

Alex however had other plans. Hands flying to hips she braced herself and gave both men her best glare...

"Fine 'en! Ave it out and see who's da's more manly! Don't say I de'ne warn ya! She'll 'ave BOTH yer balls for supper!"

Jools head pounded harder. Groaning he looked at her to give her a verbal lashing, when the pressure of the sword at his neck suddenly left. Startled Jool saw the guy - whom he now named Mr. Scary - was now advancing on Alex! Groaning louder, he jumped to his feet ready to insert himself in front of the twitless female!

"You know me?" The stranger asked. His voice was darkness itself. It raised gooseflesh along Jools arms with the menace in it.

Alex gave him a look of complete contempt. Her expression said it all, 'hello are you home?' She elevated her nose to look down, but strangely up at him, and haughtily replied, "Dear Creator! Men! Of course, you're her type!"

Jool closed his eyes and said his farewell to her. The girl had a death wish! Plain and simple death from the scariest guy Jool had ever seen!

Mr. Scary's eyes had narrowed at Alex - and before he could do anything, her mouth opened again - 

"Ave ye two finished measuring each others dicks yet?" Dusting off an imaginary speck of flint from her dress, she glanced at each of them in disgust. 

Catching Mr. Scary's eyes, they took stock. Measured muscle, lightness, reflexes in a glance. They both realized that Alex was right. They would have no balls left. Or much else really.

"So yer him?"

Mr. Scary turned his blue stare on her. A glare that would kill most humans and make his own warriors wither in fear - she just ignored.

Humphing, she shrugged her shoulders, and smiled gamely back at him.

Jool groaned in his head. 

Death wish!

"Apparently so," Mr. Scary replied.

Alex seemed happy at that.

"Well 'en, since you're both hung like mules, give Jool back his sword and let's tell ya what's going on. I presume yer woman only had -" a long apprising glance at his body "- a short space of time to fill you in?"

Jool nearly choked! His eyes bulged out his head at her.

Fucking death wish!

Mr. Scary actually smiled. Kinda. More like a feral snarl really. "Well, she did warn me about you."

Alex was all ears, a beaming smile on her face. "Did she? Whatta she say?"

As Alex twittered on, Mr. Scary gave Jool back his sword, hilt first, in a half bow, with head bent. Jool was stunned. He had just given him back his sword in the manner of Kings!

As he straightened from the bow a memory surfaced in Jool's head. One that had been locked away for years. One he realised he did not want to ever recall again:

It was the Awakening season. The time of year when plants and animals began to stir after the long winter. Death was everywhere. No family was untouched. The virus had spread like flame to kindling. Only the most resilient and those with some physic power were not touched by the evil. The unfortunate ones that were infected had turned into monsters. They banded together wrecking towns, villages, cities. Those who were not infected were raped and killed. The only people who were not affected were the Dark Elfil. They were in essence majic - and could not be infected. It was left to their King to cleanse the world of the virus - to kill those infected.

The nights still had the bite of cold, however it seemed to penetrate through to Jool's bones. He had just locked his parents and sister in the basement. Their screams tore through his soul, until he was a shade of himself. The banging on the door was a forbearer to them entering. When he did not answer it, it burst into ash under immense power. A tall man entered, dressed in full Efliluer battle clothes. Knives hung from his torso, long-sword at hip. He did not wear any belts or scabbards for the weapons. It was like they were suspended in air around him. 

He was frightening.

Jool had scurried under the table when the door had burst. He heard them talk in their musical language. As one warrior moved to the basement he came running out screaming for him not to go in. The warrior had turned, sword ready to take his head, when a gauntleted hand caught him by the back of the neck. He fought for all he was worth - which was very little for a 15 year old human boy against an Efliluer.

The warrior had raised him to eye level. He was still kicking and screaming, but as he looked into cobalt eyes he felt himself grow more relaxed until he calmed. The Efliluer that held him spoke softly to his companion. It was like he was in a dream state. Like he was watching the whole scene unfold below him. He could do nothing as they opened the door to the basement. Could do nothing as they entered. Nothing as the sounds of his family's inhuman screaming came to an abrupt end. As the warriors returned he watched as they talked quietly to themselves. Then the one with the blue eyes advanced on him. His vision seemed to become dim and shady...until his sight faded to darkness.

Chapter 10

Cadeyrn watched as the Lost Captain's face grew pale and tense. He saw memories flash in his eyes. Memories of a time when the world was chaos and death. 

"I know you," the Captain said. The barely leashed venom in his voice causing Alex to gasp and take an involuntary step back. 

Cadeyrn inclined his head. Here stood a survivor of the Red War. Looking at the Captain he remembered a boy, not yet at the time twenty. The boy had sworn he would kill him for what he had done. That in itself was not uncommon. Most swore to kill the man and warriors who had killed their loved ones - regardless that they were already dead to them. The Captain was one such boy…except at the time Cadeyrn had suspected the boy would fulfill his destiny. 

As he stared into dark eyes filled with hatred, he knew he could say or do nothing to relieve the mans suffering. He stayed in a neutral stance as the Captain drew his sword and advanced on him. Cadeyrn watched the Captain with his clear blue stare. One wrong move and there would be bloodshed. Palms up he spoke to the boy that was the Captain.

"Your loss was necessary. It had to be done." No remorse. No sorrow. No forgiveness.

"You will die for killing my family." They ignored Alex's intake of breath. Pure hatred was evident in the Captains voice. His eyes however held the memories of his parents eating themselves… 

"They could not be saved. You know that Captain Jool," Cadeyrn put a slight push in the words 'not be saved'. He tried to reach the man beneath the swirling anguish. "What was done was done for the savior of the world."

Sighing, Cadeyrn looked directly into the man's eyes. They were so full of pain that his own heart ached in response. They thought him a thoughtless killer. Little did they know that every death he had to do, every babe he had to slaughter, took clumps out of his soul, until he was a living ghost. More dead than the people he had to kill. He let the Captain see the emotions in his eyes. Let him make what he will…

It was the slight releasing of tension in Jool's sword arm that allowed Alex to breath for the first time in what seemed like an age. The two men in the room had squared off, ready to fight. But it was Jool that caught her attention. The man she knew was gone. In his place was a lethal weapon. The way he held his sword, his body stance all screamed sword-master, possibly more. Dear Creator, she herself was lucky. Her family were all talented and escaped the virus. Others were not.

"Jool," she asked softly. When he didn't look at her, she said his name again more firmly. "Jool." He turned sightless eyes on her. Advancing slowly, as one would to a wild animal, she touched his arm. His muscles quivered as she laid her hand on him.

"Jool. I'm sorry. I did ne know. Please put up yer sword. Phan sent 'im. She would know what 'appened." He turned to her then. Acting on impulse, she wrapped her arms around his waist. " 'lease," she pleaded. He nodded once and sheathed his sword.

The relief was instantaneous. They all breathed a sigh of release. Cadeyrn moved to the window, to leave the Captain time to gather himself. These were Phanerio's friends. She trusted them. Turning, he looked at the pair. They made a good couple. They complimented eachother. Alex caught his eye.

"Would ye like a drink?"

"Whatever you have would be appreciated."

Nodding, she kissed Jool's cheek, and left to go to the kitchen. 

That left them alone. Standing across the room from eachother like wild animals. Who would attack first was the question. Alex's noises from the kitchen even faded into the background, until there was only the two of them. Time narrowed to this one instant. Sight targeted the kill spot…

"Casslaua."

Cadeyrn started, and whirled to the window. The sound of crashing glass came from the kitchen. Jool ran to Alex who was kneeling in shards of crystalline glassware and her own blood. She turned haunted eyes to Jool. Then they heard it again. 

"Casslaua."

Returning to the room, they saw Cadeyrn had his hands sunk in his hair. He seemed to draw darkness to him. It was as if it wrapped around his body like a cape. Shadows increased so the room was like midnight itself. He was in pain, they had no doubt. When he lifted his head, both took an involuntary step back. His once cobalt blue eyes where now the white/blue of an Efliluer in full power. As they looked on they realised that his power was not directed at them, but inward...

Cadeyrn had felt the brush on his mind. He had reacted instantaneously, with complete viscous command of all his power. He did not care of the two who could now see his changed eyes. Did not care that the room had darkened as he drew energy. He was targeting the mind probe. As he felt it skim across his mind, in the space where synapse relays realign - he attacked...and missed.

He roared. The room shook...

~~~

It was only when, sometime later, he had taken several deep gulps of Larient whiskey that it occurred to him. Sitting across from Jool, who was patching up Alex's sliced hands that it had clicked home.

It was Phanerio's aural contact. 

Dear Creator, she was in Casslaua. That deserved the bottle being polished off. Eyes watering, the action drew the notice of Jool. He raised a brow at him.

"She's in Casslaua. In trouble no doubt."

Cadeyrn affirmed this with a slight inclining of his head. Alex meanwhile had gone bone white.

"She can't be!"

"She is," Cadeyrn left no room for arguing.

"We have to go to her," Alex was up now. Frantic. Cadeyrn could hear her pulse hammering in her chest. Her eyes took on a feverish look.

"Phan's a big girl Alex," Jool reasoned.

"De'ne ye dare say that to me!" Alex hissed between clenched teeth. "If she's in Casslaua, then she is dieing!" Alex whirled from them and strode over to the window. 

There was something she was not saying, Cadeyrn was sure. "Tell us." It was an order. One she had to obey.

Turning from the window, she looked at both of them. Her hands were wringing themselves together as a fine trembling infused her body. Both Cadeyrn and Jool looked at eachother, both recognized it for what it was. Fear. Plain simple fear.

"Please Alexandra, tell us," Cadeyrn asked. When it came to Phan's life, even the mighty bowed.

Startled gray eyes looked at him. She inclined her head slightly and looked at the bottle of Larient in his hand. He offered what was left to her. Once she had emptied the bottle, and the wheezing and eye-watering had passed she spoke:
