 "Hello?" He walked in slowly. He figured the place was empty, but had no idea if that was the case. The lights were on and the room was a large cave with computers, wires, and other machines. Angie was behind him and stared wide eyed at all the machines.

"Where are we?" 

"This is the communications center. We just need to shut off the teleportation sensor for a few minutes so that we can get out of here. If we don't, they will know we are here."

"Where are we going to go?" Angie was biting he lip again and Rhys figured she did that when she was nervous.

"I have a friend on earth who can help us."

"Can't I just teleport myself back home?"

"No you can't"

"Why not?" Angie's voice was getting more and more distressed.

"It is unsafe to travel in time more then a thousand years. It can cause severe side effects. I've only ever read about it in my science classes."

"Oh of course. How convenient. So let me get this straight. I was able to teleport myself to the year 3030 without any problems. I get put into prison since I broke the law. The ship that was a prison crashed landed on this planet, but you were able to teleport us here so we didn't die. Now you're going to transport me somewhere other than back home and I'm supposed to believe you?" Angie's bottom lip was quivering and by the time she had finished her rant, she was on the verge of tears.

"Don't cry. Please don't cry." Rhys hated when girls cried. They looked so helpless and he wanted to hug them and make all their pain go away. Angie couldn't hold back any longer and burst into sobs. Rhys took the three steps towards her and wrapped her in his arms. He found the nearest office chair and sat down.

"Shhh. It's going to be O.K." Rhys ran his fingers through her red hair and was relieved when her sobs turned into soft whimpers. She had buried her head into his chest and was almost calm when the door banged open. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the planet security alien had entered the building. There must have been a security system or something. Rhys reacted quickly. He held her tight with one hand and reached over to shut off the sensor with his other hand. He immediately felt the rush of being teleported and was thankful that Angie was still pressed against him.

"Rhys!" Angie opened her eyes and was lying flat on her back with Rhys on top of her. He was heavy and was crushing her.

"Sorry. Didn't mean that. When you teleport outside of controlled conditions sometimes you land wrong."

Angie was laughing and Rhys realized she wasn't mad. Her laugh was infectious and before long he began to laugh with her.

"So Rhys. Where have you teleported us now?" Angie thought to herself how comfortable it was to use that word. Considering this morning she didn't even know that was possible, she was a little stunned.

"Welcome to my humble home. It's not much, but it's safe, has running water, and clean clothes."

Angie walked towards the window. When she looked out and saw the buildings and vehicles, she gasped. She pressed her forehead to the cold glass and realized she was looking out on a city in the year 3030. The buildings were so tall, almost a hundred stories, she guessed. The vehicles were small and moved up and down the sides of the buildings. In the distance she saw a floating circular disk and was about to ask what it was until she saw a ship, similar to the one that crashed landed on Rooan, fly and circle around a few times before landing in the center of it.

"Angie. You can have a shower first. I found some clothes that will probably fit you. I'll see if I have any food in the kitchen to cook."

Angie nodded and walked to the bathroom. It looked strangely similar to her own bathroom, but she realized the toilet, sink, and shower all had motion sensors. When she had removed her dress and under garments, she stared at the scar on her stomach. It was faded, but still visible. She showered and realized that the water was the perfect temperature. After she dried off, she found a hairbrush and brushed out her tangled red hair. Rhys had found a pair of women's shorts and one of his t-shirts. She walked out of the bathroom and saw Rhys in the kitchen. He glanced over.

"Very cute. I only found crackers and peanut butter. Help yourself while I go shower."

Rhys walked past Angie and couldn't help but kiss her on the forehead. Rhys showered and was thankful to get into clean clothes. While he got dressed, he formulated a plan in his head. They would stay here overnight and then go see Johnston. He'd be able to teleport her back to her own time and then he'd just have to deal with changing his identity. He put on a clean pair of jeans and t-shirt and as he entered his living room, he saw Angie had fallen asleep on the couch. He picked her up easily and placed her on his bed. He debated where to sleep, but when he tried to leave she whimpered and held onto his arm. He moved her over a bit and fell asleep on his side facing her.

Angie rolled on top of Rhys and buried her head into his chest. She was having an amazing dream about Rhys and began to rock against him. She was only in panties and his t-shirt since she had taken off her shorts when she had woken up in the middle of the night. She felt his bare legs on her thighs and continued to grind. The dream felt so real she moaned loudly.

Rhys felt Angie on top of him and was barely awake. He had removed his jeans so was only in boxers. His cock was throbbing so hard and he just lay back thinking about how amazing the dream was. Angie reached under her and pulled at his boxers. The moment she touched his cock, he woke up.

"Angie?" Rhys realized it wasn't a dream and that Angie was straddling his cock.

"Angie. Sweetie wake up." He shook her gently and the moment she opened her eyes, he realized how horny she was.

"I need you. Now." Angie guided Rhys' cock into her pussy and she cried out. "I want this. Please."

Rhys' brain was in overdrive. He had just met her yesterday and desperately wanted to fuck her brains out. He knew he should stop her, but she looked like she wanted it just as badly and he was really trying to get her to stop. He grabbed her hips and tried to push her off. She just grinded her hips harder and Rhys gave up. He reached up and held her breasts in his hands as she rode him. Her pussy was wet and burning hot. It was so tight and he watched in the moonlight as she winced when he slid too deep.

She came first. She whimpered softly and bit into his shoulder. The feeling of her teeth against his skin and her pussy contracting drove him over the edge. The moment he was finished cumming, he pulled her in for a kiss.

"Good night Rhys."

"Good night Angie."