 ****************************************
RECAP OF PART - 1

Some technical genius who had reached the peak of stalking and voyeurism used robots to invade the privacy of two girls. This caused the girls to discover a side of theirs that they never knew existed before.

Enjoy...
****************************************

...our lips met. Our mouths grazed each other for a few times taking in the feeling of softness and warmth. Then I looked at Shilpi and she looked at me with loving eyes. I knew there was an attraction building. I brought her closer and caressed her hair. She kissed my forehead and I kissed her chin. We hugged each other tight and gave each other a silent promise of never letting go. Shilpi was sobbing a little bit and I caressed her back and told her not to cry as I was there for her always. In silent reply she kissed the side of my neck and started licking it. I squeezed her skin in pleasure and then she gave me a hickey. "You brute!" I exclaimed as she giggled at her wicked but seemingly innocent act. 

Shilpi was blushing like a newlywed bride. I wasn't a tomboy or anything. In fact, I was as feminine as she was and straight as an arrow. But at this very moment there was nothing stopping me from devouring the piece of female flesh in front of me who also happens to be my best friend. I grabbed both of her nipples and gave them a nice twist. "Aaaaaaaaah!" she screamed in pain and pleasure. Her open mouth gave me an opportunity to land a nice lip lock. "Mmmmmm..." she moaned in virtual silence at this act. Neither of us had any experience kissing as we didn't have boyfriends. So practically this was our first full blown kissing experience. She had earlier admitted to me that she had used sex toys before and that was the reason it looked like she was not a virgin when the robot fucked her. 

We held each other for a moment savoring the taste of each other's mouths. Our tongues started playing with each other. We were exchanging saliva like nobody's business. I took Shilpi's upper lip in my mouth and sucked it while my hands squeezed her ass. Then I took her lower lip in my mouth when she squeezed my breast and ass together. Following that I took her tongue in my mouth and sucked it for a long time. In reciprocation she kissed me all over my face and laid me down. 

She unbuttoned my top and untied my pajama bottom. Within no time she had me completely naked. Having her in-charge turned me on even further. I just submitted myself to her whims and fancies in a silent assent that she can do whatever she wants with my body. Tonight, she owned every bit of flesh in me and I wanted her to know it. 

I lay there in anticipation as to what she was about to do. She got up from the bed and started undressing. She didn't wear a bra and she stood there in just her panty. Then like a predator who was waiting to pounce on its prey, she walked around the bed with a wicked smile in her face while visually raping me. This was too much to bear. I gave her an eye signal which meant,  "Don't waste time you bitch! Come over and take me. Now!" 

She came to the bed and lay down beside me. We faced each other for some time. What? I asked. She said nothing but gave a cute smile. Then she lifted her left leg and placed her left hand in her pussy and started playing with it while she watched me from top to bottom. She was getting enough visual stimulus by watching my breasts, my navel and my vagina and she was pleasuring herself with it. Her mouth opened a bit and a short breath escaped through it. I knew she was getting there. Even though the bedside lamp was faint I could see a drop of orgasmic liquid running down her right thigh. My mouth watered at the side of that liquid. I didn't want to waste even a single drop of nectar coming out of her love flower.

With a loud moan she climaxed. She took her left hand from her mouth and smelled it. Then she offered it to me and raised her eyebrows as if asking me to taste it. Like an obedient baby being offered a lollipop I took her left hand and smelled it. Her intoxicating aroma of love juices tickled every nerve in my body. I put her fingers in my mouth and sucked them letting her fluids travel through my tongue to my throat and beyond. I closed my eyes savoring every sensation my taste buds could give me. After I made sure her fingers were devoid of any more of her pussy liquids, I asked her... "take me Shilpi"...

We hugged each other our naked bodies started rubbing around each other as if we were two snakes mating. Our lips kissed but that wasn't enough for me. I wanted the lips between our legs to meet too. I think the message traveled from my brain to hers through our tongue connection because I sensed that she was also thinking the same. We placed our legs in the "Cross" sex position so that our pussies finally touched each other. Our tongues played with one another while our hips moved so as to do our "pussy kissing". While our bodies moved in a smooth rhythm we made sure that one of our hands was on the other's persons breast. 

Any man watching this would be instantly turned rock hard. We moved as if we were born to do this. Shilpi was not just my best friend. She has become my best lover and she is taking me to places I never imagined existed. Who wants some robot when we had each other? There was no time to think. I wanted to pleasure Shilpi so much that I didn't care how much pleasure I got. I wanted to make sure that every cell in my body is dedicated to pleasuring my darling. I wanted her to feel loved. I wanted time to stand still at this very moment so that our love becomes eternal. 

Our bodies shivered in mutual orgasm. Both of us held each other so tight that we curled into the "Lotus Blossom" sex position. Our orgasms didn't stop. It went on and on as we rolled around the bed as if our bodies were trying to melt and become one with each other. After a series of orgasms, we were so exhausted that we just cuddled each other and fell asleep soon. 

Unknown to us, there was indeed a man watching us. The person who is the root of all that has transpired in the past few weeks. He was the Techno Genius - the creator of one of the most brilliant robotic machinery in the country. Even though he was a creep, we owed our new-found love to him. The next day morning we woke up seeing each other's face. I caressed Shilpi's cheeks and said, "Good morning my love..." She smiled back and kissed my hand. 

It was 6:45 AM and we tried to sit up. When I moved, I felt something. There was something in my pussy. I looked down and found that there was a dildo in both our pussies. WTF! I thought. The robot came last night as well. What does the person behind this really want? I had no idea from where he operated but I had a feeling that he was situated somewhere in Delhi itself.

"This guy has to be from IIT. That explains the exceptional skills in robotics." I said while examining the dildo. There was a button at the bottom of it. I pressed it thinking that it would vibrate. Instead it opened the dildo. A note fell down. It was a printed one which said, "Thank you for everything!". He is thanking us? What an irony! I said. But there was a sigh of relief because this meant that he was leaving us alone forever. That was a good feeling. 

"Aakanksha! We have chicken sandwiches for breakfast today. Come down fast!" I heard my mom yelling. "Will be right there, momma!" I shouted back. It was unusual for Indians to have chicken sandwiches for breakfast. We weren't British, I thought. Anyway, we both went to the bathroom and washed the dildos first. Then hid them away nicely in our bags. Our plan was to throw it away on the way to our college. We wanted to pee but it was a confusion as to who would go first. Then we decided something kinky. I would sit on the toilet and pee while Shilpi would watch. Then she would sit and I would watch. So, I sat on the toilet seat and started peeing. Shilpi sat right in front of the toilet and watched in awe as my urine started spraying out into the bowl. I love the sound of it" she said as if she hasn't heard herself pee. Following that I got up and she sat down. This time I watched her pussy while it sprayed her pee into the bowl. "It's beautiful watching the golden liquid out of your love nest" I said and she giggled.

She didn't get up from the seat after peeing. I asked what now? She said she is going to shit and asked whether I would like to watch that. "No way!" I said and exited the bathroom. I heard her laugh while I got out. I checked my emails in my laptop while she did her business. When I heard her flush, I got up and went to the bathroom. It was my turn to do my business. Few minutes later she came to the bathroom saying that we should shower together. 

That was a brilliant idea I thought. I knew that my mom was waiting downstairs and I didn't want to arouse any suspicion. So, I told Shilpi that there can't be any lovemaking activities in the shower as we had little time. She agreed to it as she was fully satisfied with our act last night. She could wait until tonight. However, we shaved each other's pussy clean before we started showering. We were totally hairless neck down. But of course, our private areas were darker than the rest of our bodies for obvious reasons. Porn stars have their pussies and assholes bleached regularly so that a uniform complexion is maintained throughout the body. It was part of their profession. We weren't professionals so we were okay with a little darkness in our privates. After all we were only showcasing it to each other. 

After playing a little in the shower and soaping each other's pussy for a couple of minutes I decided that it was time to dry up. We got out of the bathroom and dressed up as quickly as we can. We took our bags, put our laptop and books in it and went down for breakfast. The sandwiches tasted amazing. I asked mom whether she had been to England before. She smiled and asked whether I would like another cup of tea to which I said yes. After our morning tea and breakfast, we walked towards the metro station. On the way we knew that there was a secluded turn in the road and a large waste bin kept there by the NDMC. We took out the plastic bag with the two dildos in it and threw it in the waste bin as we walked past. No one has to know anything, we thought. 

We held each other's hands occasionally while travelling the metro. College all of a sudden felt really amazing. Today Prof. Shiny Abraham was giving a lecture on the state of women in rural India. She was a sweet lady from Kerala. She said that there will be a field trip to rural Rajasthan to find out how the village women were trying to make both ends meet by running a small-scale business and taking care of the family at the same time. I loved field trips but Shilpi didn't. The sun would kill her fair complexion she believed. She said that to Prof. Shiny. "Do you want to change the state of women in our country or do you want to protect your color? Why did you choose a degree in Gender Studies if you didn't care about social change?" the professor attacked her. 

"Ma'am, she didn't mean it that way. I will make sure that she comes with us." I saved Shilpi from the professor's wrath. During lunch our friends were making huge plans about how to insert a picnic in between the field trip. We decided to bunk the afternoon classes and go to some good coffee shop. I suggested that we will go to North Gate mall near Vishwavidyalaya metro station. There was a good Costa Coffee branch there. We took our bags and left. I wondered what our teachers would feel when they find an empty classroom in the afternoon.

The afternoon coffee felt great. Our stomachs were full due to the lunch but we bought some snacks nevertheless. The field trip was planned the following Monday and I was really excited. Shilpi didn't share the excitement but pretended that she did just to keep me happy and I knew it. The field trip was to a small village called Gurliya which was about 30 km from Jaipur. The plan was to return to Jaipur after our work and spend the weekend there and return to Delhi the Monday after that. The difficulty however was to convince Prof. Abraham to allow this. 

I met the professor the next day morning along with Shilpi and Blossom (our friend from Meghalaya). We told her our plans and assured her that the picnic and the field trip will be kept separate. We convinced her that we won't stop in Jaipur during our onward journey and that we will only think about the picnic after our work is completed. The professor finally gave in and said that the trip will be fully funded by the college as part of the girl education program of the government. So, we needn't worry about the accommodation in Jaipur. However, accommodation would be a problem in Gurliya since it was a village of just 400 people and the houses were mostly primitive huts.

An office assistant who spoke Rajasthani was sent to the village first to make arrangements so that the 25 students of my batch could be accommodated in some of the huts in that village. Few women decided to vacate their huts so that the students could live in theirs while they accommodated themselves in other huts. Finally, 5 huts were allocated for the students and a 6th hut was given to two of our professors. The office assistant said that he would sleep in the bed outside that hut as he didn't have a problem sleeping in the open. 

The day of the trip arrived. For couple of days Shilpi had gone to her parent's house to pick up some more clothes and also spend the weekend there. Since the danger of the stalker seemed to have gone, we got our smartphones back. I couldn't wait to see her again as her absence was unbearable for me. But just like true lovers we made sure that we talked on the phone in the night and fingered ourselves to sleep while saying sweet nothings to each other.

A bus was hired and soon we were on our way to Rajasthan. The atmosphere in the bus was full of vigor with songs and dance. I urged Shilpi to join in as I had plans for her. During the dance I made sure that I "accidently" pinched her butt or nipples. In return she did the same to me as well. But we made sure that this was done discreetly as we didn't want to "accidently" pinch any other girl. We stopped at various locations during our 10-hour journey for nature calls and refreshments.

The journey started at 5 AM and finished at us reaching Gurliya village around 5 PM. That was almost 2 hours late than the original schedule. We were welcomed by the friendly locals, most of them women. We asked where the men were and they said that they were working in a different village and visit only once a month. Most women though very friendly weren't very beautiful. I guess working in the hot sun has taken a toll on their skin. Further they seemed to be very malnourished. 

We went to our respective allocated huts. The toilets were public and there were many in the village. I was glad that the regular advertisements and awareness programs have made sure that villages have good toilets. At least in this village I guess. I knew that on our arrival day nothing is going to happen. So, we refreshed in the public bathrooms. Taking bath inside was fun. Though it was closed from outside the bathroom was open inside i.e. we girls could see each other taking bath. Due to my new-found fancy of the female form, I was really enjoying this. I was ogling, Shilpi, Blossom, Karina and others. Some of them were also enjoying as I knew they were regular porn watchers. Some girls were however uncomfortable. Anyway, after refreshment we had dinner and went to bed as we had to wake up early and begin our work. Mosquito coils were provided as there was only one electric plug point in the hut and it was not enough to run more than one equipment. In this case our mobile phone chargers. 

In the morning, the professor gave us a proper itinerary about the things we should be doing in the village. We were divided in teams of 5 each and were asked to visit each area of the village and document what type of small scale industry was being run by the women there. We were allowed to video record the works of those women and also conduct interviews. The place assigned to my team was about 2 kilometers away from our hut. It was hard walking in the hot sun with all the camera equipment and stuff. 

The women whom we interviewed were making some form of baskets out of jute. I asked whether these things are feasible in a market that is flooded with stuff like these. One of the women said that it was a replacement for plastic and that there is a growing demand for it. We shot some interviews and also took photos with the locals. We were offered lunch at one of the houses. It was the usual roti with vegetables. But the roti wasn't made of wheat. It was something else. Perhaps maize. 

After lunch the 5 of us were relaxing. I wanted to bathe in the local pond but we were concerned about hygiene. Then we found that it was a pristine pond with clean water. It was used for the purposes of the temple and it was considered to be a pure place. Luckily none of the girls in my team was on her period. So, without offending anyone, we could enter the pond. Another advantage was that since the village was mostly women, there wasn't any reason to worry that some guy would be ogling us. The only guy in the group was our office assistant who was with the faculty members. 

So, we went near that pond after trusting our items with two women. We took off our clothes and played in the pond in bikini. It was really fun. After about half an hour playing in the water, we dried ourselves and dressed up. I said that this will be our routine for the next 4 days and everybody agreed. We returned to our hut in the evening and shared the report of what we did that day to the professor. There was still some light left and I asked whether we could walk around the village and the professor agreed but asked us to return before 7 PM. We agreed.

As Shilpi and I walked around we saw a cow shed. There were lots of hay stacks there. Since we were city girls, we were curious about what was it like to visit a cow shed. There were obviously cows but when we were walking through the various hay stacks we heard something. I put my index finger on my lips and told Shilpi, "Shhhh...". She understood and with slight steps we approached the source of the sound and sure enough it was the sound of moaning. We expected that one of the men in the other village may have returned to screw his wife or lover and as they couldn't find a place, they choose this. 

But as we came near the haystack where the moaning was heard, we realized that it was the sound of two women. And then we saw the sight. Two village women were sitting on top of a bullock cart that was covered on three sides with hay stacks. They were not fully naked but their sarees were up and they had their underwear removed and kept aside. They were fucking each other using some object. From the distance we were watching, we couldn't figure out whether it was a vegetable or some wooden object. But who cared what the object was? We understood what a group of women would do if they are separated from their men for a long time. Does that explain why lesbian sex was so prevalent in prisons? I thought.

After they had their orgasms the women quickly put on their underwear and hid the "sex toy" safely and left the place. Shilpi and I were curious and we went to the place where the toy was hidden. We took one of them out and found that it was a penis shaped object made of wood. The craftsmanship was excellent. We wondered who could have made it for the women. Did the men make it for them or did the women make it by themselves? I checked my watch. It was 6:15 PM. We had 45 minutes to return to our hut and the hut was just 15 minutes walking distance away. That left us with 30 minutes. Shilpi sensed what I was thinking. 
