 I don't know for sure whether Techno Genius would be an apt title for what I am about to narrate. Could the title Techno Pervert be more suitable? I will let you decide once you have run through the whole story. You may even wonder whether events like these are actually possible. However, as some wise man once said, "Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction". As a girl living in a posh residential area in New Delhi, I have been introduced to all sorts of things that are allegedly pleasurable while growing up. But I stayed away from them due to reasons unknown to me. Ever since I hit puberty, the racing hormones in my body had thrown new light into the way I looked at the opposite sex but I never bothered to do anything about it.

It was the events in the past few months that changed everything. It is a common knowledge that the dearth of girls in IIT Delhi causes many technocrat boys studying there visiting Delhi University colleges in hopes of getting access to the pleasures of the flesh. I joined a prestigious women's college to get myself a degree in Gender Studies as it is a trending subject these days. From the day I joined college, something strange happened. The desire to belong in the crowd hit me hard. I got myself a tattoo in my lower back and pierced my nose. I had already started wearing tight fitting clothes when I realized that exposing my curves attracted attention. During school days that was an exception but in colleges that is the norm. This had caused many young men to approach me to invite me for a coffee or beer. 

A point to be noted is that we girls enjoy certain privileges in Delhi. We are sexy and we are proud to flaunt our bodies. We know that the motion of our hips in tight jeans drives men absolutely crazy and many a times we land free stuff from them simply because of this. The drinking age in Delhi is 25 years and plenty of guys who are above 25 still get asked their ID cards if they are clean shaven or are "young looking". However, I have never seen a girl being asked her ID card in any bars or pubs. I had my first whiskey when I was 19 when my friends and I visited a pub in Connaught Place. The waiters were actually more eager to serve us than the guys. This my friends is called the "Vagina Privilege" or "Pussy Privilege" if you like. 

I am sure I don't have to talk about the infamous "Ladies Nights" where we get free drinks at the expense of men. It is this privilege that led to the events that changed my life. Some person did not take this lightly and was vindictive about it. It all started four months ago. On 31st December night we had a New Year blast in a pub near Nehru Place metro station. We were so drunk that we had to catch cabs back to our respective homes. My parents were asleep when I reached and since I had the keys I got in and straight away crashed in my bed. I woke up around 11 AM and was really drowsy. I went to the bathroom to do my morning business. I had freshed up by about 11:30. I returned to my bed and checked my phone. There were countless WhatsApp messages pending to be read. I opened the first message which was from my best friend Shilpi. 

It read, "Aakanksha! What the hell is going on??? Why have you put up this as a status?!!" with plenty of angry and sad smileys. It was a reply to my status update. I had been putting up status updates throughout the night during our party. So I wasn't sure what was so wrong because even Shilpi was with me during the booze run. Nevertheless, I opened the status to see which one was it that caused so much trouble. To my horror I immediately understood why Shilpi was upset. It was a 30 second clip of porn star Ally Breelsen being fucked in all three holes by men with humongous dicks. Two other dicks were in her left and right hands respectively. We all know that a woman can simultaneously satisfy 5 men and if you consider one hole taking more than one dick (yeah, even that is possible), then the number could rise to 8.

Anyway, even though I had seen porn before, I wasn't a regular watcher. It was part of our "initiation ceremony" while we were inducted into the college. Our seniors forced us to watch porn. Few of my friends were regular watchers even before joining college. But I somehow didn't feel the need. And here I was looking at a woman being stuffed to her full capacity in my status update. I wanted to know how it got uploaded into my 30 second WhatsApp status. I checked my phone's file explorer with the search string "Ally Breelsen" as I knew her name already and sure enough there was a 4 minute long clip. She starts out playing with two dildos (one in her ass and one in her pussy) before the men arrive on the scene. Then the "stuffing" begins with her getting a bukkake in the end. Only the stuffing part was uploaded as my status. 

With trembling hands I opened up the remaining messages and they were all from friends who had seen the status. My world started spinning around me. Luckily I had my parents, relatives, college staff and faculty members blocked from viewing my statuses. Only my close friends could see them. But I knew that this luck is not going to hold for long as it only takes one person to take a screen recording of that status and share it with the people dear to me. I immediately deleted the status and turned my phone off. I had neither the courage nor the inclination to reply to any of the messages I received. I couldn't believed that some of my friends would call me a slut or a whore overnight. I never had sex in my whole life and here I was being messaged by girls who had slept with over 5 guys about how "lose" my moral character was.

I had no idea what to do or say. I couldn't muster the courage to go down and face my parents as I heard my mom calling me for food. I curled into a ball in my bed and wept. I stayed there for another half an hour and then got up around 10 minutes past 12 noon. I went to the bathroom and took a shower and I prayed for about 5 minutes after that. I dressed up in a comfortable trouser and T-shirt and came down to the dining hall. Mom was slightly upset that I skipped breakfast. Dad had work so he had left after breakfast. "Don't get drunk so much that you have to skip meals dear," my mom told. As I opened my mouth to lie about not drinking, she stopped me. "Your dad and I know that you go around partying with your friends. We just want you to know that we are okay with it as long as you are not overdoing it and getting into trouble. You know the drinking age is 25 in this city and you are 5 years younger than that. Keep this in mind before you go on another boozing spree."

I hugged my mother's arm and started crying. She thought that I was feeling guilty for drinking and was apologetic. She couldn't guess the real reason behind my tears. After my brunch I returned to my room to read something. I was unable to focus but there was a written assignment pending and I checked some materials online and somehow managed to finish it. After I closed my laptop I laid on my bed and turned on my phone. At this point I wasn't too surprised with friends continuing their abusive tirades about how terrible I was for putting up that status. Shilpi was the only one truly concerned with what happened. I called her and told her that it wasn't me and that I had no way to explain how the status update got there. 

"Do you think someone hacked your phone?" Shilpi asked. I assured her that it is impossible as my phone is password and fingerprint protected. If someone had to do something with my phone, they had to physically put my finger on the scanner and unlock it or must have gotten hold of my password. I thought that either event was quite unlikely as it required the said person to be physically present at the location of the phone and considering the time in which the status was uploaded, my phone and I were locked inside my bedroom. Shilpi still suggested that I change my password and re-calibrate my fingerprints. I did as she said and thought of what I must tell people when I reached college.

New Year's day was a holiday so I had the whole day to think about a proper story about what might have happened to the phone. "My phone was probably hacked" was the only excuse I could come up with. But I backed up my messages in my laptop and uninstalled WhatsApp for the time being thinking that it was better safe than sorry. When I reached college around 10 AM the next day I could see the look on the face of so many girls. They were showing their, "Aha! We know your little secret bitch!" look with a smug smile on their lips. It was when I reached class that I saw a crowd around the bench where Shilpi and I sit. I asked people to move aside to find a teary eyed Shilpi. 

"What happened?" I asked. "Aakanksha!!" she screamed and hugged me and started crying hard. I somehow managed to pacify her and gave her some water and asked what was wrong. She said that someone had done the exact same thing with her. She deleted the status immediately when she saw the messages but made sure to download it before she deleted it. The clip was an animated one with a girl named Lara being fucked by a horse and then her bathing in the horse's cum. This was even more perverted than what was put in my status update I thought. I immediately declared to my friends that we weren't behind these statuses and that someone had hacked our phones. I also warned them that if there is anyone jealous of us who is behind this, then that person must know that we are taking this up with the cyber cell and woman's helpline.

Shilpi and I along with few of our friends went to the nearest police station and filed a complaint about this incident. They assured us that nobody will know that we had filed a complaint. The cyber cell experts asked me to reinstall WhatsApp and they also installed an app in our phones that will track every activity for the next few days and send them real time information about it. For the next few days nothing happened. About a week later I woke up to a couple of messages from my friends. Fortunately it was still 5 AM and there was plenty of time before others would start seeing the new "controversial" status. The status this time was a girl being given electric shock in her nipples, clitoris, anus, armpits and other erotic spots after being tied up. I deleted the status and called the cyber cell and informed about it. They asked Shilpi and me to visit them. I called up Shilpi and told her about it. She was however spared this time. We skipped college that day and reached the cyber cell. 

The first question that the officer asked was whether we were playing games with them. When he saw our puzzled faces, he showed me the logs of the app that they had installed on our phones. The logs did not show any inward internet traffic at 12:15 AM when the video was uploaded. So that ruled out the possibility of a hacking through the internet. Further it showed that the login was done using my own fingerprint. The officer looked me sternly in the eye and asked whether I was purposely doing this to get attention. I swore that I had nothing to do with it and pleaded the officer to believe me. At that juncture he gave me a shocker. He said that someone was physically entering my room during my sleep. That was the only explanation he could give to this phenomenon. He asked both of us to delete WhatsApp until further notice and that they would continue monitoring our phones. Though this was a breach of our privacy, we thought that nothing was worse than a pervert entering our room in our sleep and doing stuff to our phone. Hopefully this person hasn't done anything to our bodies yet.

We decided to inform our parents about this. So Shilpi convinced her mom and dad to meet my mom and dad in my house. We sat down for a discussion where I dropped the bombshell about the events that had unfolded in the past couple of weeks. Our parents were not only shocked but their heads were down in shame. In tears we begged them to believe us that it is not our fault. Finally they asked us to quit all social media platforms for the time being and that they will hold on to our phones in the night. Since Shilpi was not as strong willed as me, her parents requested my parents whether she could stay here for a few days with us. Our parents agreed to it and the next day morning Shilpi came with her bags packed with her clothes, required books and her laptop. She was given a small feature phone with her SIM card in it while her parents had her smartphone was locked away in a secure locker in her house. I was also given a feature phone with my SIM card in it and my smartphone was also safely locked away.

We started to go to college without any more incidents. Three days later I opened my eyes in the middle of the night. I was breathing heavily and surprisingly I was fully aroused. My pussy was very wet and I could feel my enlarged breasts and vulva. I was involuntarily biting my lips as I was unable to ignore the sensations building down there. This type of arousal was new to me. I had felt some level of arousal during the time I had read 50 Shades and watched porn during the beginning of my college days. But this was nothing like it. It was as if my vagina is going to explode and I couldn't help but moan. But I closed my mouth with my hand immediately when I realized that Shilpi was sleeping beside me. I looked at Shilpi and found that she was soundly asleep. I got up and went to the bathroom. I sat on the toilet seat to pee when it struck me that may be I could try masturbation.

I never played with my pussy before even though I had plenty of chance to try all these years. I knew that my arousal is not going to subside so easily. So after peeing I slowly split my vulva with my fingers and first gave a slight pinch on my urethra. It sent shivers through my body. Then I started rubbing my erect clitoris. The complex set of feelings running through my nervous system was an entirely new thing for me. I wondered why haven't I tried this before. But all of a sudden something struck my mind and I stopped rubbing myself. I thought may be I shouldn't try this and that I should be completely "pure" before I find my sexual partner. 

If I masturbated, I would only be a "Relative Virgin". I wanted to be an "Absolute Virgin". So I somehow suppressed my urge to play with my cunt and returned to the bedroom. Shilpi was still asleep. And I drank some water and returned to bed. Soon I fell asleep. Next day morning while walking towards the metro station, I wanted to tell Shilpi what had happened but then decided otherwise. The college was pretty boring as my mind was occupied elsewhere. It appeared as if the perverted person responsible for insulting us had lost interest in us. That evening after dinner Shilpi and I finished our studies and were watching a movie on my laptop. It was a horror movie and we hugged each other in fear during certain scenes. After the movie we slept off.

I don't know whether it was past midnight but I was again woken up by the wet sensation in my twat and sure enough, I was aroused and was breathing heavily. I wondered what the hell was going on. And this time the arousal was so high that I was not even able to move. I just clutched the bedsheet with both hands, turned my head upwards and curled my toes to contain the bitter-sweet feelings building in my private parts. As some kind of involuntary action I bent my knees and parted my legs wide. Suddenly I realized something. I was blind! I couldn't see anything I looked around and found nothing. It was total blackness. And to my horror, I wasn't wearing my pajama bottoms. Someone had removed it! 

Then suddenly a warm object touched my pussy. I felt some small object enter my vagina and start stimulating my G-Spot on the upper wall. Simultaneously another object touched my clitoris and it appeared that object perfectly fit the size of my clit. Both objects were vibrating and soon I moaned "Aaaah...!!" It was my first orgasm and it was so powerful. I couldn't move as something was pinning down my shoulders. This was strange. Who could be pinning me down like that? Was it Shilpi trying to seduce me into a lesbian sex? I wondered. Then I felt another object touching my anus. I could feel a gel like substance filling my asshole as well as the region around it. Something started entering my asshole soon after. I let out another moan. This object was much bigger than the one that entered my vagina. It was penis sized and if my guess was right, it was a dildo. Suddenly an equally sized object entered my pussy and I let out a scream in pain as I was a virgin. Soon after entering, that object let out the same gel like substance. Was it a lubricant? I asked myself. Now I was stuffed like Ally Breelsen except that my mouth wasn't filled yet. The two objects in my pussy and asshole felt great but a the same time the feeling of being violated was not very pleasant. 

My mind was caught in a conflict of emotions as to what is right and wrong. The objects started moving in and out one after the other. While my pussy was being fucked, my asshole was being unfucked and vice versa. And all the while these things were vibrating. It was the ultimate pleasure trip for me. Within 24 hours I went from a girl who wanted to be an absolute virgin to a girl who was machine fucked in both her holes. The object on my clit was still doing its job and the dildo that entered my pussy had a bud like structure on top so as to stimulate my G-Spot. I lost count of how many times I had an orgasm. I came and came and came and came... I don't recall when I fell asleep. 

"Aakanksha! Wake up! We are getting late... " It was Shilpi. It was already 7 AM and she was worried whether I was sick. "Ummmmm..." I let out a soft moan and hugged the pillow. Shilpi pulled away my bedsheet and opened her eyes wide. "WTF! Aakanksha? You were naked below hips the whole night? Where are your pajamas?" I suddenly came to my senses. I sat up in the bed and looked around to find my pajama bottom nicely folded and kept on my study table. I was like, "Huh? How did it get up there?" Shilpi didn't bother to comment as she saw the stains on the bed. She perhaps believed that I had applied some substance to my privates and masturbated the whole night. She was very silent throughout our journey to the college and back. Even our friends asked what was wrong.

That night before going to bed, I confronted Shilpi and asked whether she had brought any sex toys or lubricating gel with her. She denied everything and said that I was putting the blame on her unnecessarily. We were at the verge of a verbal fight but I told her to take up my side of the bed for that night and I would sleep on her side. She agreed to it. I wanted to know what was going on. Soon Shilpi fell asleep. It was close to midnight and I was lying there awake expecting something to happen. I thought to myself that if someone is indeed coming to my room every night then this could be the time he/she would be arriving. I had my head covered with a little gap in the bedsheet so that I could see what's going on outside without giving out any indication that I was awake. I waited and waited and then I heard a small noise. It sounded like someone is unscrewing something and sure enough I saw my window pane moving away from its position. "So that's from where this creep enters my room every night!" I exclaimed in my mind. 

However I didn't see any person coming into the room. It was something else. It took me a while to realize what it was. "Oh my god! It's a goddamned robot!" This was the first time outside of Hollywood that I was seeing a robot. This was like a science fiction scene come true in real life. I didn't know how to react at the presence of this scary machine in my room which looked less like human and more like a a thin, giant spider. It had many arms and it was climbing the bed. The "head" part of it had something that looked like a camera. Its presence made me think that this device was remotely controlled by someone and the camera is being used as its "eyes". Shilpi was lying on her right side. The camera shone light on her face and immediately turned towards me. With split second reaction I shut my eyes. But then I realized that since I was inside the bedsheet, the robot couldn't possibly see me. But the way it turned towards me was evidence that the robot was specifically targeting me every day. However it didn't not do anything to me. I lay there still as I was scared whether it would harm me.
