 Angie was having an amazing dream. It had started as a nightmare, but was turning into something very happy. The dream had started at Katie's wedding. She watched as Katie walked down the aisle. She then was able to close her eyes and suddenly she was somewhere else. She really didn't know where this somewhere else was, but the feelings she had inside her were great. The dream changed to a room with a handsome man. The man was holding her and soothing her as she sobbed and cried. It wasn't a dream. It was real and she was sitting in a strange man's lap. Suddenly, she bolted straight up.

"Who are you?" Angie was breathing fast and Rhys got up and pulled her down.

"You are not fainting on me again. Now sit down." Rhys was usually quiet, but he had spent the last hour or so calming her down as she sobbed and screamed out in her sleep.

"It isn't a dream?"

"No, it is not. Now, I'm Rhys and about two hours ago we both appeared in this room. We are both charged with a criminal offence and are being transported to prison. Do you remember all that?"

"Yes." Angie sat down on the ground and faced Rhys.

"Good. Now I want to know what made you self-transport, especially since when I told you I could do that, you looked puzzled."

Angie took a deep breath. She really had no reason to trust Rhys, but she needed to, at least, put in words what had happened to her.

"Today is my best friend's wedding. She is getting married to my ex-boyfriend. While I was putting on my makeup, I wished I could be as far away as possible from there. I couldn't tell her no when she asked me to be a bridesmaid, but I should have. She thinks stealing my boyfriend was fine."

Rhys nodded. He had learned in university that most humans who are born with teleportation abilities don't even realize they have it until it happens to them. Angie continued.

"I opened my eyes and I was in this room with you. That's all I remember."

"O.K. Angie. I believe you. We have a few things in common, but I don't want to get into that right now. Right now, we have a big problem. I don't think either of us deserves to go to Rooan for the rest of our human lives."

"Human lives?" Angie looked so confused.

"Sorry. Not everyone around here is human. I am. Born and raised in Washington D.C."

"Oh."

"You're waiting to wake up from this nightmare aren't you? You're pinching yourself, hoping that you will wake up and be back home right?"

"No." Rhys gestured at her arm and Angie realized that without knowing it, she was pinching her arm.

"Oh. I guess. So why am I arrested? I didn't do anything wrong. It's not my fault I'm here."

"Actually it is." Dave reached over and pushed a lock of her red hair away from her face so he could see her eyes. "If you were thinking about being somewhere else and then you got here, it means you teleported yourself here. Have you ever said something and then have it come true. Or think about something either when you are awake or asleep and then find out it actually happened?"

Angie nodded. Rhys continued. "That's called telepathy. Some individuals with telepathy can actually transport themselves to another time and place at will. That is what you did and it's illegal to teleport without the proper documentation. You need proof that you unknowingly teleported yourself. The stress of the wedding can be a good defense, but since they can't find you on record they assume you're hiding something."

"Why can't they find me on record?" Angie was taking it all in and was strangely calm.

"They can't find you because you teleported yourself more than one thousand years into the future. It's the year 3030."

Angie just stared at Rhys. She had just been told that she was more than a thousand years in the future. She was in a room with white walls and an invisible door. She was being charged with a criminal offence for teleporting herself and, somehow, the presence of Rhys was calming her down. Rhys was sitting against the wall with his legs stretched out. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt and looked like a normal twenty something guy. Angie was dressed in the lavender bridesmaid dress she had put on after her shower.

"3030? How do I know you're not lying?" Angie was suspicious of Rhys, but at the same time was still feeling so calm and relaxed. Considering what she had just learned about her situation, it didn't make much sense.

"Yes Angie. It's the year 3030. Now listen. I have no idea how long before we get to Rooan, but I suggest we sleep a bit. Once we get there, we will be too hot and sweaty to do anything. Rhys turned and tried to get comfortable leaning up against the wall. Angie lay on the ground on her side, using her hand as a pillow. They both tossed and turned for a few minutes.

"Rhys?" Angie's voice was soft. "Can I use your leg as a pillow or something? I can't get comfortable."

Rhys smiled. "Come here Angie." Angie sat up and moved closer to Rhys. "Sit in my lap and use my chest as a pillow. I can't explain to you why you should trust me, but you're comfortable with me right?" Angie nodded. "Good. Get some sleep."

Rhys wrapped his strong arms around Angie and listened to her slow breathing. The C.I. had trained him in advanced telepathy, but he really wasn't very good at it. Normally the enemy knew he was using it on them, but with Angie it was different. He wasn't trying to make her feel at ease, but he was unable to tame his controlling power. He was subconsciously making her trust him completely. Part of him hated what he was doing, but the other part of him knew that if they were going to get out of this alive they would need to work together. Before he knew it, he was fast asleep as well.