 Rhys opened his eyes and blinked a few times. All he could see was white light and he kept blinking a few more times. He tried to stay calm, but his heart rate increased each and every time he blinked. He was supposed to be seeing his bedroom. After the fifth blink, he tried to sit up. Looking around, he was in an empty room. The walls and ceiling where stark white and the bed he had been lying on were white as well. He took a deep breath and breathed a sigh of relief. He still had his eyesight; it was just that since everything was glaring white, the ceiling and walls he had been looking at, blended together.

He got off the bed and realized there was no door. When he tried to find his cell phone in his pocket he realized it was gone. "Fuck," he muttered. They must have taken it. He had been trained on this type of situation, but never thought he would be in it. He paced the room and began to reason with himself. He was in a room with air and gravity, or at least the appearance of air and gravity. This was a good thing. He was wearing the same jeans and t-shirt he had put on this morning. This was a very good thing. He didn't know where or when he was and didn't want to try to teleport himself for fear of being caught.

Suddenly in the corner of the room a woman appeared. He blinked and tried to figure out if this was a hologram.

"Hello?" Her voice was soft and sensual. She was wearing a lavender dress and her red hair was down around her shoulders.

"Who are you?" Rhys spoke directly to her. His voice was firm and he backed himself into the opposite corner. He knew he couldn't trust anyone.

"I'm Angie. Who are you?" She was shaking quite badly and her facial expression showed her fear.

"I'm Rhys. Tell me what you know about this place."

"Um. I don't know much. I was putting my make up on and now I'm here."

"Don't lie!" Rhys raised his voice and was beginning to get angry. "Your makeup? What kind of fabricated lie is that?"

"It's the truth." By this time, Angie had sunk to the floor and was sobbing quietly. She was desperately trying to hold back the tears, but this was just making her bite her lip harder and making her eyes water more.

"No one wears makeup anymore. You're lying."

"Yes they do. I put some on everyday before work. This was special though because my best friend was getting married."

"Married?" Rhys' mind was racing. She was using words that had been extinct for over a thousand years. His heart practically stopped when he realized that either she had been brought into the future or he into the past. Either way the fact that over a thousand years separated them was not good, not good at all.

"Angie, tell me what year you were born in."

"1982."

"What was the last thing you remember?" Rhys was speaking softly to the woman and realized that if she were indeed lying at least he would get some information out of her. If she weren't lying he would need this information anyway.

Angle wiped her face and looked into his eyes. "It's Saturday the 21st of June. My best friend Katie is getting married today. I'm one of her bridesmaids. I was standing in her bathroom putting on my makeup and when I closed my eyes to put on eye shadow I felt the most amazing feeling. I opened my eyes and was here. For the first few moments, I felt at peace with myself, until you started yelling at me."

"I didn't yell at you." Rhys rolled his eyes. He hated how emotional women got. He didn't have a tissue to give to her and so she just used the edge of her dress to dry her tears.

"O.K. maybe I did yell at you. I am not supposed to be here. I was supposed to be transported somewhere else and instead I'm here. I have no idea where the hell here is."

"Transported?" Angela's eyes went wide and she looked even more confused than before. Before he had a chance to explain, the door opened. He hadn't noticed it at first since it was flush with the wall and didn't have an inside doorknob. When he saw who entered, he gasped. At this moment, he knew exactly where he was.

"Rhys. We meet again." The woman was over six feet tall and was wearing black pants and a black shirt. The tiny gold locket around her neck indicated her position and role. Suddenly, Rhys knew where he was. He was on a spaceship that was probably traveling very quickly to Rooan. Rooan's atmosphere was hostile, but livable for humans. He thought he wouldn't get caught self-transporting himself, but obviously he had. What confused him was why he was in a room with someone else. You would think that a high tech prison spaceship would have a separate room for each prisoner.

"Don't I get told why I'm here?" Rhys stared straight at Tonya and waited for the reply.

"Yes, you are correct. You are formally convicted of using self-transportation for the benefit of yourself. Under section 1331 of the Criminal Code you have committed an offence and will be banished to Rooan."

Rhys knew that sooner or later he was going to get caught. Central Intelligence was very strict on their staff using teleportation powers.

"Why is she here?" Rhys motioned over to Angie. By this time, Angie was standing up and trying to melt herself into the wall. Her lavender dress was a stark contrast to the white wall so she wasn't succeeding very well.

"We have run out of room. There was a conflict and we needed to arrest a large number of individuals. That's all I can tell you."

"What? Why I am here?" Angie cried out and turned to face the giant woman. Angie was average height for a human woman, but felt like the size of an ant compared to Tonya.

"Oh yes. You are also formally convicted of using self-transportation without a license. We are still trying to track down your file. You seem to have been smart enough to wipe out your cornea image, but we'll find out who you are."

Tonya turned and exited the room. The moment the door closed, you couldn't tell that there had been a door. Rhys looked at Angie. Her face was white and she was breathing very fast. Rhys was able to take three big steps before she collapsed in his arms.