 I lay on the cot in my cell. I could see the outline of my nipples through the thin cotton shift. Hard from the cold, and the anticipation of what was sure to come. 

When they had arrested me they took my clothes. Making me dress in a simple white shirt before the whole station house. The thin white cloth was nearly see-through and didn't leave a lot to the imagination. 

My pussy trembled when I heard the lock clink in the heavy iron door down the hall. Three pairs of heavy boots heading straight toward my cell. 

I sat up as the leering gendarmes unlocked the door to my cage. 

"Time for a contraband check." One sneered. 

I could still vividly remember the rough hands of the ugly, fat woman on my body. The only female gendarme. She seemed to delight in groping me in front of her male coworkers. Chuckling as her fingers explored my most private areas. Shoved roughly into my sensitive holes. 

I stood as the men entered, already unbuckling their pants. 

The gendarmes had arrested me on charges of piracy. Which was ridiculous, I was a smuggler. 

Gendarme, what a dumb name for a basic copper. They had caught me with goods that weren't mine, and apparently didn't belong to my client either. 

One of the men grabbed me from behind, pulling my arms behind my back. "You got any contraband in here?" The one with the giant bushy mustache asked. His hand slipping under my shift. Fingers groping between my thighs. 

I gasped as the sneering man pushed a couple fingers inside me, making my body shiver. Finding my cunt already wet from anticipation of the assault. 

"Looks like the whore is ready for us boys." He said as his men laughed at my helplessness. 

They pulled my cotton shirt off revealing my big tits. I wore an E-cup bra, and they look magnificent on my slim frame. 

I am five foot seven, and attractive. With long wavy hair the color of dark mahogany. A cute ass, and a bedroom voice. 

I can't help it. Everything I say sounds like an invitation to ravish me. I love sex, though I prefer women. Still, part of me was excited at what was about to happen. 

The gendarmes certainly seemed happy with my shapely body. Their rough hands squeezed my round orbs, my sharply ass. Their bodies pressed close against me. 

The leader with the mustache pushed me to my knees. "Time to start sucking whore." He ordered. His dick tapping my cheek. 

I looked up at his sneering face. Then I lowered my head, obediently taking the tip of his cock in my mouth. I ran my tongue around his spongy cockhead. Then slowly down his hard shaft. Taking more and more of it in my mouth while he chuckled at me. 

"Ah! That's a good little pirate." He took a firm grasp of my brown hair. Forcing his cock deeper and deeper in my mouth. 

I felt the guard behind me reaching between my thighs. Once again, rough fingers pushed their way up my cunt. Sending more shivers through my body as they rubbed my sensitive insides. 

I couldn't help but moan my lust and pleasure. My body betraying my need. 

I lifted my ass up, dropping my hands to the floor. The guard eagerly positioned himself behind me. He rubbed his cock against my yearning pussy. I would have begged him. Promising him anything for his hard dick, if it wasn't for the cock pushing its way down my throat. 

The leader laughed when he found I could swallow his whole dick. His balls bouncing against my chin. He would fuck my throat for a few thrusts before pulling out and letting me gasp for air. My mind getting fuzzy and light headed from lack of air as he abused me. 

White hot sparks of pleasure filled my mind. The dick behind me slowly pushed its way up my tight cunt. He spanked my ass a few times. The sharp pain reminding me of my proper place. 

I was a whore. A plaything for these three men. A woman with no power that they could do with as they pleased. 

I could feel my body respond. There in that jail cell. Taking dick at both end. The third man kneeling to maul my big hanging tits. My first orgasm of the night was quickly rising. 

My cries of ecstasy were muffled by the dick filling my mouth. The gendarmes laughed anyway. As my body shuddered and I moaned through a strong orgasm. 

"HA! See, she is a whore." The leader scoffed. 

As I came down he painfully yanked my head off his dick. I stared as he quickly jacked it. Groaning as he aimed it like a cannon. I knew it was about to go off, but couldn't look away. Mesmerized. 

I watched as the first blast of white goo hit my cheek. Then I had to close my eyes as shot after shot of jizz splashed my face. Soiling me with his cum. 

The cock in my cunt started twitching, then spasming. The guard behind me shoved his dick deep as he came. Filling me with his hot seed. He squeezed my hips painfully hard as he emptied his balls into me. 

After the first two had finished, the third guard forced me to stand. The cold bars of my cell felt rough on my tits when he pushed me against them. 

I moaned and grabbed the hard iron as he forced his strong rod up my sloppy twat. 

Gendarme cum dripped down my face as I was fucked from behind. His hands reaching around me to squeeze my big hanging tits. I feel his breath on my neck as he chuckles in my ear. His fingers cruelly pinching my nipples. 

The last man doesn't last long. I'm not even close to another orgasm. His cock splashes my insides with his cum. Then he quickly pulls out. 

When I turned around the mustached copper wipes my face with the cotton shift. Then tosses it into the hall. 

They laugh as they locked my cell. Leaving me standing there. Nude and used in the cold jail. 

Soon I was curled up on the cot in the dark. Fingering my sloppy cunt to finish the orgasm that the last gendarme had failed to do. 

At least I didn't have to worry about siring the bastard to one of those foul men. I regularly took my preventative elixir. 

The cell door clanks open, waking me in the morning. Another guard stood there his dick already out and standing at attention. 

"Turn on your stomach. Put your hands behind your back." He orders. 

I roll over, resting on my big tits. He puts shackles on my wrists. Securing them behind me. 

"I don't have long." He explains as he climbs on top of me. His fingers grabbing the backs of my thighs and spreading my pussy open with his thumbs. 

I moan as his hard cock fills me up. My body tingling with the pleasure of his violation. 

"Unh! I wish we could keep your pirate ass for a few more days." He grunted as he thrust into me. "Really put you in your place." He pushed my face into the cot. My cheek rubs against the scratchy fabric with each degrading thrust. 

His dick spasms all too quickly. His cum filling me up. 

When he pulls out he flips me to my back. The grinning guard straddling me, his limp cock still drizzling white slime on my tummy. 

"Fucking pirate bitch." He grabs my nipples. Pinching and pulling on them until I squeal in pain. Tears fill my eyes as he laughs. 

He lets them drop, slapping my tits as they wobble. 

Finally happy with his little torment he makes me stand and leads me out of the cell. As he walks me down the hall he keeps pinching my sore nipples and chuckling. 

I am brought back out to the gendarmes offices. There He unshackles me and given my clothes back.

I dress before the grinning men. Officers of the law. I half expect them to force themselves on me again. 

"You are free to go, whore." The mustached officer tells me. "Your bond has been paid. Unless you want to stay a few more nights." I hurry out to my freedom. Leaving his sneer behind me. 

I step out into the dim light of day. Taking a deep breath of freedom. And smog. 

The black /grey smoke covered the mountainside town of Glenrock day and night. Obscuring the sun and what must have been a beautiful view of the surrounding snow capped mountains. 

"Captain! Sloane! Over here!" The loud voice of Kendra, my yummy Kandi. Also my ship's Bosun. 

She stood six foot two and was just a little husky. Though I knew full well most of that was muscle. She had a beautiful face framed by short black hair. Her beautiful tits nearly spilled out of her short red dress. Those beautiful orbs were a match for my own I knew full well. 

Her dress was covered by a clean, white, long coat. Contrasting nicely with her chocolate skin. 

She rushed forward and pulled me into a big hug. Lifting me a few inches off the ground. 

I was surprised by the rare public show of affection from one of my favorite lovers. But happy to engage in a passionate kiss. Our tongues danced together on the nearly vacant landing outside the Gendarme Office. 

I reached down to squeeze the black woman's big round ass. Enjoying the feel of her squishy rear. 

"How was it?" She asked, setting me down. 

I brushed off my own long coat. The light grey cloth was wrinkled and dirty from my arrest and incarceration. 

Underneath I wore tight white pants, and a red silk blouse. Unbuttoned to show off my generous cleavage. 

"About what you'd expect my dear." I told her with a smile. 

"That bad, eh?" She gave me a rueful grin. 

"My ship?" I asked as we walked over to a nearby lift line. A line of slow moving wooden benches with safety belts, moving up and down the mountain. They weren't as safe as a gondola. Or balloon, but they were free. 

Kendra looked at me nervously. "What did they tell you in there?" I just shook my head. Taking comfort in the weight of my captain's hat. 

"We were declared pirates and enemies of the state. The ship was seized and the crew sold into indenture."

"So how are you here to meet me?" 

"The ship, and our contracts were bought by the same man. He needs a crew to fly his new 'acquisition'. And he paid to get you out too." 

I grunted. "Great, and who is our new master?"

"A Bufonid by the name of Sir Gorup." She told me with a grimace. 

The Bufonid are basically toad people. They were considered one of the Furry races. Animals given human intelligence and near human form many centuries ago. Some say by the old magics. By sorcery. 

Toad people were a particularly vile race. Valuing profit and control above nearly anything else. They were known to have a strong lust for human women. And enjoyed humiliating them. 

An excited shiver ran through me. I'd hate losing my ship, but I couldn't stop my body from responding. The thought of degrading, nasty sex turning me on.

Kandi grinned at me. Noticing the flush on my cheeks. "Thinking about all the froggy dick you're going to have to suck Captain?" She leaned over and slid her black hand into my pants. 

"Someone kept your panties?" She grinned. 

"Bastards," I gasped. Gripping the bench tightly. Her fingers found my wet cunt and freely explored. 

Those panties weren't cheap either. I had a penchant for Mon Plaisar lace and silk. I loved lingerie. Both on me, and my crew. 

My wonderful Bosun fingered me as the town's many levels slowly moved by. Shops and homes, factories and taverns, warehouses and mines. 

Kendra gave me a nice little orgasm before we finally hopped off at our dock level. 

The Hidden Booty was a tramp steamer. She was a model 141-B Valkyrie class airship. Assembled at an air-dock in Heidleviss, and modified for civilian use. With larger balloons and an extra deck for passengers. She had a grey coloration with white and red trim. 

Toward the front, on the port side she had ten foot tall nose art. A half buried treasure chest in the sand. Standing over it was a beautiful redhead woman looking back over her shoulder. She rested a thigh high boot on a shovel. She went pants-less her grey surcoat didn't quite cover her pink panty clad ass. 

I smile at my ship as we approached. I could see my crew working hard to load an open cargo bay. 

More than twenty women. Half of them non-humans. 

"Captain!" Imogen's excited, musical voice erupted as the redhead girl came running. She leapt into my arms and gave me a big kiss. 

"Ginny, it's great to see you. It feels like forever." It had only been a couple days since the raid and my arrest. It felt like much longer though. I had resigned myself to a life behind bars. Not expecting my sudden freedom. 

"We're glad your back." She says happily. Imogen was my cabin girl. She was eighteen and sweet. In more ways than one. 

She was slim with big double-D tits that stood perky and proud. She was a ginger with long curly red hair. She had been growing it out at my request. She had a sprinkling of freckles all over her pale body. 

Today she wore small khaki shorts, a cropped white T-shirt and a jaunty red cap. 

"You must be my new captain." The voice had a nasal quality. And was followed by a throaty grumble. It had to have been a quiet croak. 

"So it would seem. Captain Sloan, at your service." I thrust out my hand. 

"Indeed you are." That grumble again. "I am Sir Gorup." He looked like a giant toad. Dressed in a tuxedo, complete with top hat. He had a big belly, and looked flabby everywhere else. His skin was a bumpy dark green except under his chin, which was a pale yellow streak. 

He was flanked by another green skinned gentleman on his left. At first I thought another toad one who happened to be tall and muscular. Then I noticed his thick tail. A Kuscar, a lizard man. He wore slacks and a white shirt. Covered in a dark brown duster. A gunslinger? He had a brace of large revolvers on his hips. 

On the toad's right was a bronze man. An automaton. I didn't see any steam so my guess was it ran on a Tesla engine. 

The Toad looked me up and down. His lust obvious. His eyes lingered on my cleavage as he shook my hand. 

"We already have cargo to move." He informed me as we made our way to my ship. "Rifled cannon barrels, to be delivered to Breisgau. It is a six day journey and I would like to leave quickly."

With that I was dismissed. His trio headed into the Hidden Booty. 

"He has taken the Duchess' Suite." Kendra informed me. "He said you may keep your cabin as long as you serve him well."

"This is going to be a fun trip." I murmured. "Make sure we are square. I want to be full speed in an hour." I told the attractive Bosun. Kendra nodded and hustled off. 

I stalked off to find my First Mate. Imogen following close behind. 

Aria was already in the control car. "Captain." The beautiful blonde elf saluted me when I entered. 

She had previously served in the Losalfair Royal Air Navy. She was one of the few who saluted me. 

My first mate was thin and heart-wrenchingly beautiful. With long golden hair and small perky breasts. She wore a crisp white navy shirt, buttoned up to her neck. A white sky ship cap. She also wore a short white pleated skirt. Covering white thigh high stockings. I was sure with a matching garter. 

Aria may have been a stickler for protocol, but she had softened some working under me. She knew full well that I loved to see her in skirts. If she was out on the town, though, she would usually wear a full crisp suit. 

"Captain." She nods after I return her salute. Her voice was even more musical than Ginny's. Elves were almost supernaturally attractive. 

"How is my ship Aria?" I ask. 

"In top shape, and ready for take off when the Bosun gives the all clear."

"Great, you have our flight plan?"

"Yes ma'am." She leads me back into the small navigator's room. 

When the door closes she turns to me and grabs me. Pushing me up against the door. We passionately kiss. I reach down and grab her knee, lifting her leg up. I run my hand up her stocking-clad thigh, under her white skirt. My fingers reach bare skin. 

She moans as I slide my hand under her silk panties and squeeze her sweet ass. 

She finally breaks our kiss, but not our closeness. "I was so worried." She confesses in a whisper. "What would I do without you?" She lays her beautiful head against my cleavage. No small feat given that she stands just over six feet. 

"You would do your best by the crew and the ship." I tell her. Lightly caressing her long pointed ears. 

I hold her for a long moment then let her go. "You have command for now. I have things that must be taken care of." The beautiful elf gives me a nod. Then she straightens her clothes before she opens the door to the bridge. Once again a consummate professional. 

Walking down the hall I steady myself against a wall when the whole ship shudders. My palm could feel the hum of the twin turbines powering up. 

I smiled to myself. My girl was alive. 

I headed to my cabin. Imogen rushing to open the door ahead of me. 

My rooms were large and elegant. I had a penchant for beauty. From my carved mahogany desk, to my large four post bed, to the heated tub in my adjoining bathing room. The place reminded me of my father's library. 

In fact my nether region tingles when I run my hand along the back of a large leather chair. 

My father's chair always excites me when I get close. Bringing back memories. Of being punished when I was a naughty little girl, and of perverted lust as I got older. 

Imogen looks at me wide eyed and horny. I had been trying to instill in her the same reverence for the chair. Spanking her over my knee, and driving her to orgasm while we sat. 

Not today though. Today I head to the big desk. I rifle through a small stack of papers. Legal documents detailing the sale of my ship and crew to that toad. 

As I read I get angrier and angrier. We were not pirates. Smugglers, yes. It wasn't our fault the goods we delivered were stolen. 

I sit. Seething in my big chair. Until the ginger cabin girl begins massaging my shoulders. 

I sigh and enjoy the attention for a moment. Then I grab her hand and pull her, laughing, onto my lap. We kiss deeply, our mutual lust palpable. 

I slide a hand under her shirt. Squeezing her big breasts through her silk bra. I find her nipples hard with excitement. She squeals with 

pleasure when I give one a pinch. 

I feel, more than hear the CLUNK! as the mooring clamps release. Followed by the sudden feeling of lift as the Hidden Booty takes to the air. 

"Captain!" Ginny smiles and bites her bottom lip in that sexy way I love. 

I stand, carrying the girl to the big bed. I drop her on the soft mattress and grab the waist of her shorts. Yanking then down over her cute ass. Taking her silk panties with them. 

On her hands and knees, the redhead looks back at me. She wiggles her bare ass with a smile. 

I grab her sweet asscheeks and shove her forward. My face diving into her delicious honey pot. My tongue delves deep into her wet twat. Enjoying her cream while she moans. 

Imogene grabs a pillow and pulls it close. Her face pressed to the bed. Red hair loose on the sheets. Her ass in the air. Groaning while I eat her out from behind. 

After I make the cabin girl cum I strip off my own clothes. Happily back in my own bed I spread my legs and pull the girl's face to my crotch. She licks and kisses like I have taught her. Taking her sweet time revving me up. Like my engineer revs the ship's motors. Before finally shoving her tongue deep in me. 

Waves of pleasure wash over my body. I feel like I am humming and floating as much as my ship. 

Soon we snuggle together in our bliss naked and sated. 

For the moment. 

KNOCK! KNOCK! "Captain! The toad wants to see you!" 

The words come through my door waking me from my delightful reverie. 

"Well fuck!" Ginny mumbles next to me. Waking from a sound sleep. 

We had rested for nearly an hour. But now it was time to pay the piper, I guess. 

I pull on a fresh, black lace thong and matching bra. Then my white pants and red blouse, buttoned all the way. "You stay here." I order Imogen when she starts to get up. "I don't expect this to be pleasant."

I step into the hall. Heading toward the passenger deck. 
