 To my dear readers, I apologize for the long wait I made you endure as I worked away at putting the finishing touches on Chapter Four. But, alas, my task was of greater enormity than I had anticipated. The re-write for the first half of the chapter went reasonably well as all that was needed was a bit of tweaking here and there. However, the second half is requiring an almost TOTAL re-write and will take that much more time to complete and be submitted to this wonderful site. Until then, I offer my work, thus far, for your reading pleasure. . .

*

"Oh, yess!" L'tirashin hissed through clenched teeth as two of her love slaves rammed their cocks into both her flowing pussy and tight asshole. "Harder!" she commanded in a low, husky tone just before her mouth again engulfed a third slave's erection. Around her on the truly gigantic bed the demoness could see some of her other love slaves indulging themselves though still mindful to attend to their mistress is she so desired them. Out of the corner of her left eye, L'tirashin spied one of her most recent additions to her harem in a position much like her own.

I see Amean has taken to her new surroundings and duties rather quickly, the Temptress mused silently as her head continued bobbing up and down on the meaty shaft in her mouth, coaxing her slave ever-nearer to spilling his seed. In all, fifteen members of her considerably sized harem were currently her bed, all of whom she had already enjoyed at least once, so far, during the course of the night's orgy.

The relatively cool droplets of the simulated rain shower falling from the sprinklers on the ceiling felt good as they splashed against L'tirashin's hot, ebony skin---and thoroughly soaking the bed and the bacchanal's participants. Moving around on the saturated sheets of the tremendous water-filled mattress proved a bit tricky and prompted the occasional fit of laughter and new opportunities for couplings whenever someone tried making too swift a motion and ended up bumping into each other. The circular trough surrounding the bed caught the run-off water and drained it away to be recirculated in the faux rain shower.

On the far side of the bed, L'tirashin saw Simvanna engaged with her third and fourth lovers for the night. A comely female dwarf was tonguing the elf's tasty cunt at the same time Simvanna was doing likewise to an attractive human. The demoness knew her silently willful slave was there for only two reasons: because she had been commanded to and to keep a watchful and protective eye on her sister, Amean. While Simvanna truly hated the Temptress, and was not too pleased about having to participate in the goings-on, L'tirashin did note that Simvanna did appear to be enjoying herself a bit more than her slave would ever admit to doing. But the sultry fiend knew that her head-strong vassal dare not try anything lest she wished to see her sole reason for living be put to the sword as Simvanna helplessly watched.

The very thought of Amean flashing through L'tirashin's mind seemed to prompt the young elf's pussy to choose that very moment to cream against the rampant cocks invading her from behind and making her try all the more to coax the cum out of her ork lover's thick cock. The Temptress started hearing the grunts, groans, and other sounds of delight coming from her slaves all around her as they too reached their own pinnacles of ecstasy. The group's mutual cumming seemed almost contagious as L'tirashin suddenly became acutely aware of the increased thrusting of the two inside her and her own intense ministrations on the one in front of her. She wrapped her lissome tail around the waist of the man fucking her ass and pulled him against her just as she felt his prick swell even larger just before he spurted his seed deep within her bowels. At the same time, her other lover rammed home his pleasingly thick cock, penetrating his mistress deeply. A moment later the warrior-made-slave let loose his cum and flooded L'tirashin's pussy. It did not take much more urging from the demoness and her highly talented tongue to get her third love slave pumping jet after creamy jet of his seed into her eagerly waiting mouth. It was only when she had milked every last drop of cum from their cocks that L'tirashin relinquish her tight hold on their now slightly softening members.

As the slaves withdrew from their respective positions, their dark-skinned mistress smiled contentedly. She had chosen her sex slaves based on their stamina (though her own was far superior to even the most tireless members among her harem), physical attractiveness, and their eagerness to satisfy her each and every whim. Throughout the short history of her harem, perhaps only a double handful or so had eventually proven unable to keep up with the demands of their mistress.

But L'tirashin had other uses for them. Breeding slaves, while somewhat slow, proved quite often to be more effective than capturing new ones, especially since those born into their circumstances had no concept of what freedom was. However, it were those same slaves who seemed to have less of a life's spark within them. The Temptress had yet to come up with a better solution of curbing her vassals' rebellious tenancies without abating their life force but then, there was no rush---and she would find a way.

Satisfied for the time being, L'tirashin let her leathery wings cocoon around her naked body, shielding her from the sprinkling water still falling from above though the pitter-pat of the drops was soothing and relaxing. Unbidden, memories of her life long ago on a world that had since vanished from the multiverse stole their way silently into the demoness's waking thoughts. The sound of the faux rain brought to her mind what had been the happiest day, then night, of her mortal life.

Followed the next day by an unforgivable betrayal---which, ultimately, sealed her fate.

It still amazed her how those pathetic townsfolk could have seen through the intricately crafted disguise and subterfuge she had worked so hard to create. She had worked even harder to conceal her spell workings, even going so far as to hiding her workshop in a cave some distance from the town so as to escape any possible detection.

But, somehow, she had failed.

Her first, innocent dabblings in the arcane arts made her smile every time she thought of them, likening them to a child's first steps. Wouldn't those fools be surprised by how far I've come? she thought amusedly. Her considerable gains had not come without costs to L'tirashin, though. And those memories were still too fresh and painful in her mind to bear for long. Suddenly, the feigned rain had become annoying.

"ghOx!" L'tirashin commanded with a word of magic as she unfurled her wings. At once, the gentle shower stopped. As she stretched herself, L'tirashin moved effortlessly across the fluid surface of the bed to its edge, causing only small ripples from her passing. Sex in the rain, even the make-shift kind the ingenious plumbing above her bed provided was enjoyable but what she truly wanted was a thoroughly relaxing bath. Turning back to her bed, the demoness paused to consider her selection on who she wanted attending her whilst she bathed.

"You, you, and you," L'tirashin said as she pointed to a male then a female slave---and, lastly, Simvanna. "Attend me," L'tirashin told them as she turned and swept through the slightly wet, maroon sheers surrounding her bed. Despite the magically created heat that permeated her entire keep, a cool breeze still managed to find its way in through the many open windows ringing the outer wall of her chambers. The coolness caused the water still clinging to her sensuous body to give her goosebumps and stiffen her pierced nipples. A tiny chill ran up her back. Ooooo! L'tirashin smiled silently. I'm not sure if that feels good or what. As if somehow connected in some unknown way, she felt her clit start to tingle a moment after her nipples became like little mountain peaks. "Definitely good," she said to herself as she strolled across the room's gleaming blue marble floor veined with white.

The Temptress's bathing pool was almost exactly that: a small but deep pool recessed into the floor at the rear of her boudoir, situated beneath three large windows. While the bath was more than big enough to accommodate at least half of her harem of two hundred vassals comfortably, it was a very rare occurrence for more than a fifth of that number to enjoy the pleasure at one time. On several occasions, L'tirashin had heard her love slaves refer to her bath as the Moon Pool because of its resemblance to a gibbous moon as well as the crescent-shaped steps leading down into the deeper part. Another unique feature of her spa was the blue-tinted water and the jets of warm air that made her bath look more like a bubbling cauldron than a relaxing sanctuary.

"Ssavfz!" L'tirashin commanded, once more speaking in the language of magic as she stepped into her bathing pool. "Odtgo djaes!" Immediately, the enchantments enspelled into the Moon Pool during its construction responded to the arcane words and the water began to bubble and froth. In a few minutes, thin wisps of steam could be seen dancing across the top of the water, too. Descending two steps, L'tirashin slowly lowered herself into the warm embrace of the gently churning blue water, wanting to enjoy a good soak. She could already feel her muscles start to relax and her skin come alive all over with an intense tingling. L'tirashin closed her eyes to heighten the sensations. For a moment, everything around her ceased to exist: her cares, her slaves, her keep. Nothing at all mattered to her except the warmth flowing all around her.

But the Temptress's respite from the world was all too brief. A stifled cough from one of her awaiting vassals abruptly broke the moment. Following a reluctant sigh, L'tirashin forced herself to open her eyes. Taking time to consider her options with her attendants, L'tirashin finally spoke. "You," she said, pointing lazily to the man, "massage me, starting at my feet and working your way up." To the female, she commanded, "You, bathe me as gently as you would a newborn babe. And, you," L'tirashin told Simvanna, "I desire your sweet kisses." As the trio moved into their respective positions, she gave them a warning. "There is to be no love play unless I command it. Is that understood?" Their silent nods were all the confirmation she needed to let her know they would indeed obey her wishes, though there was no doubt in her mind that they would not have done otherwise.

Autraeu had been a sell-sword from Inninty prior to joining up with an adventuring party, led by a wizard of questionable sanity, whose intended purpose was not only to depose the ruler of Demnos but enslave her as well. Autraeu realized their folly and betrayed them to the demoness once they had made it into the forboding keep. His life was spared, but not the others. The wizard and priestess were killed outright while the other four were sent to the mines to slave the rest of their lives away. Almost from the very first moment the demoness saw the seven foot tall, hulking warrior, it seemed to Autraeu that she had a special role in mind for him. Autraeu served as one of L'tirashin's personal protectors for a few years until she discovered some of his other talents. While he had no true objection to this change in his "duties", there were times that Autraeu missed the thrill of combat inherent in guarding the ruler of Demnos. He had been allowed to father eight children, though he was rarely able to see any of them. The powerfully built warrior-now-slave did as he was bade, tenderly extending and lifting L'tirashin's right leg, her foot resting in his still heavily calloused hands. Autraeu's firm touch soon elicited a moan of delight from the Temptress. He smiled at his mistress but his look went unnoticed since her attention was already focused on tonguing Amean's mouth.

While Autraeu eased the tension from their mistress's body, Kinda was left to the task of providing her with a relaxing bath. Standing next to Autraeu in the waist-deep water, Kinda soaped up the thick wash cloth with a generous amount of lather from the perfumed soap cake. As she spumed the Temptress's dark skin, Kinda could not help being aroused by what she was doing and the man whom she stood beside. Though born into slavery, Kinda had a naturally voluptuous body with large breasts positioned high on her chest and a round, generous ass. It had been because of these attributes that she caught the notice of the Night One and been indoctrinated into her harem five years earlier. Kinda had always been intrigued by Autraeu's stories about his travels out in the world beyond the keep. It was also her deepest desire to be allowed to bear a child of his, but she dared not ever give voice to that aspiration, lest she displease her mistress. For such a transgression, Kinda would almost surely be sent to work in the mines deep beneath the mountain, keeping her from ever seeing Autraeu again. No, she would never risk that. Better to be content with things as they were than lose it all. Dipping her mistress's leg back into the water, Kinda washed away the cleansing foam.

Lounging on the cool rim next to L'tirashin, Simvanna was trying her best to feign the passion she knew was expected of her but was uncertain of her success. But Simvanna was sure why the Temptress had chosen her for her current role: to hasten her submission to being a slave. The myriad of worldly temptations surrounding her night and day made resisting increasingly difficult and she would have possibly already succumbed had it not been for Amean's presence. Protecting her sister from their mistress and her dark temptations was a source of strength for Simvanna, though she worried just how much longer she would be able to do so. Amean was already distancing herself from Simvanna and making friends---and lovers---among the harem slaves. Simvanna still hoped it was not too late for her naive sister. Or for herself. Giving into the Temptress's lustful demands, Simvanna fluttered her tongue playfully against hers as their oral copulation continued. A lascivious moan from the demoness gave Simvanna hope that her mendacious display of affection was working.

L'tirashin was thoroughly enjoying the attention---albeit compelled---being visited upon her. The simultaneous stimulations of the massage and bath helped her to remain relaxed enough to keep her rising passion in check while still being able to enjoy her flirtation with Simvanna. By her slave's manner, L'tirashin knew Simvanna's demonstrated affection was as false as the rain falling on her bed had been. At the moment, it hardly mattered. It was only a question of time as to how long Simvanna's resolve would last. Many slaves had initially possessed such indomitable spirits, but they all eventually succumbed---in one way or another. Running a hand across her reluctant lover's smooth white skin, a thought came to L'tirashin. Hmmmm. . . she mused silently. Perhaps an earlier experience than usual with motherhood will rid her of her willfulness. The Temptress smiled in delight at the notion. It was an avenue worth investigating since it may very well set her on the right path to solving her slave breeding quandary.

Autraeu and Kinda had switched sides and both had managed to get as far as her waist when, unknown to them, their demonic mistress received an unexpected mental summons.

"Come to me, my ssservant." commanded sharp, hissing voice resonating in L'tirashin's mind. "Come! Your massster commandsss you!"

She had been so unprepared, it almost made L'tirashin jump. Forcing herself to remain as calm as she could, only her wide-eyed reaction betrayed her. With remarkable speed, L'tirashin cleared her mind of all distractions, in preparation of baring her thoughts to the one who demanded her immediate and undivided attention. Even as she did, she already knew who was calling to her. It had been some years since their last contact but her reaction to his voice was invariably the same: it made L'tirashin a little fearful.

Yes, my master, she projected. I shall come at once.

No longer feeling the presence in her mind, L'tirashin focused her attention on sending her vassals elsewhere since what she was about to do was certainly none of their concern. "I'm bored," she told them in an icy tone. "All of you, leave me. At once!" Knowing only too well not to question their mistress's orders, the orgy's participants left without so much as uttering a word, most just leaving what little clothing they were allowed to wear laying where it had been casually discarded earlier.

Kinda was right behind Autraeu but curved her path enough to allow her to scoop up her gauzy dress and his equally flimsy pants before hurrying her pace to catch up with him. Just as the pair got to the door, Kinda slipped her hand in his and gave it a squeeze.

Autraeu briefly smiled and winked at her, knowing that she wanted the same thing he wanted. A good, lusty fuck. The only problem was finding a way to get together since the males and females of the Night One's harem were kept in separate quarters. But Autraeu was not too worried about that small obstacle because he had befriended one of the guards stationed outside of the male dormitory and that guard just happened to be on duty. Of course, for such a favor, Autraeu knew there would be a price to be paid and he just hoped Kinda would not object to being shared with the guard for a little while. After that, the rest of the night would be theirs to enjoy.

As they walked down the hallway, Autraeu quickly whispered his plan to his smitten lover. He half expected a negative reaction but was more than pleased when she nodded her consent and had a lascivious gleem in her eyes.

Kinda was thrilled. It was going to be a wonderful, albeit exciting, night.

When the last of her slaves were gone, L'tirashin closed the heavy, metal-bound oaken door after them and turned the key in the lock, listening as the triple bolts slid into place in the sturdy frame. She retrieved a cast off pair of pants and wiped the remaining soap from her body as she walked slowly over to a smoked glass mirror set into the inner wall of her chamber, though it stood within the confines of a magic circle. Five, man-high torches, that marked the pentagram's points, became alite with flame just as she stepped across the perimeter. After L'tirashin intoned a long string of arcane words and made some grand gestures, her ebony reflection and that of the room vanished from the looking glass. In their place was a swirling vortex of gray and black streaks that appeared to lead both inward and down. An icy wind coming from the magic portal blew her long, wet tresses out behind her like a comet's tail. Already apprehensive, L'tirashin suddenly felt colder in the face of the gale.

But her master was expecting her---and he was not one to be kept waiting.

"'I come at the bidding of my master'," the demoness said in a clearly ritualistic tone as she stepped across the threshold and into the looking glass. In the blink of an eye, she was gone, carried away by the fierce, extra-dimensional currents of the vortex.

With the same abruptness that sent light or loose objects flying across the room, a calm silence returned to the opulent chamber. Almost every trace of anything ever having transpired in the last few seconds was as absent as the keep's mistress.

But a pair of prying eyes were peering out from beneath the sheers around the bed, still staring at the spot where L'tirashin had just been standing.

Simvanna was dumbfounded. This was a revelation! That their demonic mistress had a master of her own to answer to seemed almost too good to be true. What she could do with this knowledge she was not sure, but it was a start. In the Temptress's rush to usher Simvanna and her fellow slaves out of the room, the elf managed to slip back over to the bed without being noticed. The drainage trough offered her plenty of concealment and the gap between the bottom of the curtain and the floor was more than high enough for her to see but not be seen as she observed L'tirashin's private activities. Simvanna was extremely thankful that she had not been discovered when the wind blew and lifted the sheers, giving away her position. Cautiously, the straggler slave lifted herself out of her hiding spot and slowly headed for the door.
