 "You don't?" Rhys was staring at Angie as she told him that.

"You don't want to go back home? You want to stay here?" Here was Datalus. A planet two solar systems away from earth. Angie and Rhys had just met a few days ago and so far it had been a whirlwind of activity.

Angie sat down in the sand. "Want to hear why I wished I was somewhere else?"

Rhys sat beside her. He casually reached over and held her hand in his. "If you want to tell me."

"Yesterday, at least I think it was yesterday, was my best friend's wedding. She was marrying my ex boyfriend. She pretty much stole him away from me and really has no idea how hurt I was. I was too stupid to tell her exactly how I felt so I was going to have to stand up and support Katie as she married that slime bucket."

Angie looked up and saw Rhys playing close attention. He didn't look too bored so she continued.

"As I put on my makeup that morning, I realized it was supposed to be my wedding. I was supposed to be marrying Brad, not Katie. I began to think of what all the guests would be thinking. They'd be looking at me wondering how stupid I really was supporting this marriage."

"You're not stupid. You're pretty smart actually." Rhys reached out and pulled her into his lap. She was trembling and he knew enough to hold her tight. Angie took a deep breath and continued.

"In the water yesterday you touched my stomach where I have a scar. I'm very self-conscious about it not because it's big and ugly, but because of how I got it. Katie and Brad were dating behind my back. They wanted to tell me, but were afraid of how I would react. Katie and I went out to a bar and ended up almost getting mugged. The thief had a knife and was about to stab Katie, I moved her out of the way and he stabbed me instead. I needed emergency surgery because he had sliced open my spleen. I woke up in the hospital, alone. Brad was nowhere to be found. He had left a message on my cell phone telling me he was breaking up with me."

Angie's eyes were full of tears and Rhys wiped them away the moment they spilled down her cheeks. He was rubbing her back.

"God, baby, I'm so sorry."

"It's O.K. You're the first person I've ever told the whole story to. I want to stay here."

Rhys looked at Angie and smiled. "O.K."

Rhys and Angie were sitting in a dark, dingy room. The walls and floor were covered in dirt and they were happy that the chairs they were sitting in looked clean. They were holding hands as the man in front of them spoke.

"Here are your new identities. Everything has been changed in the C.I. files and your new home is all ready. Do you have the fee?"

Rhys produced an envelope from his pocket and handed it to the man. It contained a memory chip with the required amount of money. Rhys knew the bad guys from when he was working at C.I. and although it felt weird to be on the other side of the law, it was worth it. He reached over at squeezed Angie's hand. She was worth it.

Angie and Rhys made their way to the vehicle. It was a small electric hovercraft and they began their drive to their new home. They pulled up to a cottage on the ocean. They were still on Datalus and Angie had decided that the hot weather was the perfect place for them. They got out of the car. Rhys picked her up and carried her inside. Both of them were laughing and he quickly made his way to the bedroom. He dropped her on the bed and began to undress. Angie knew that look he had and she frantically undressed. The moment they were both naked he lunged for her. He pushed her up the bed and spread her legs. He gave her pussy a long lick and the moans she made just excited him even more. He spread open her pussy lips and began to lick softly around in circles. Angie could only pant, as she was brought closer and closer to orgasm. Rhys stuck his tongue deep inside her and pressed up. Her juices tasted so good. She started to cum and Rhys just held on for dear life. He knew exactly what to do to make her cum hard.

"God you drive me crazy." Angie sat up and beckoned for Rhys to come closer. He crawled up on the bed and moaned when she knelt down and wrapped her mouth tight around his cock. She sucked hard and fast, deep throating as much as she could. She tugged on his balls and rubbed that spot under them. Rhys was in pure heaven as he ran his fingers through her red hair. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and grinned.

"I want you now." Rhys didn't need to be told twice. He flipped her over and sank into her in one push. Her pussy was so tight and he fucked her hard. The bed was shaking and he just sped up. He felt her pussy contract and knew she was cumming again. He couldn't hear her moans over his own frantic panting. He pushed one last time inside her and felt his cock expand. His hot cum flooded her pussy and he collapsed beside her. They lay intertwined for a few minutes.

"Rhys? Remember when you told me you were fired from your job? Why did you want to teleport yourself? I mean you knew it was illegal." Angie had her head on his chest. He had never told her why, but knew that since she had bared her soul it was only fair.

"My girlfriend was having an affair with my boss. I can't explain why I knew that, but I did. I transported myself back in time and witnessed them together. I wanted it to be a mistake. My boss found out and fired me. Of course, he was having an affair with my girlfriend, which made everything worse. I teleported myself again because I wanted to confront them and tell them I knew what was happening. I was arrested instead."

"I love you." Rhys stared at Angie. He had never said the words before, but knew this was the right time.

"I love you too."