 "Citizen Adams," the old man said, bowing his head. "Welcome."

"Thank you, Citizen Lewis," Jason responded, bowing in return. "I look forward to learning the new position."

"Let me start by taking you on a tour," Marshall Lewis said. He turned and walked down the hallway, past rows of citizens seated in small cubicles, busily speaking into their headsets. He appeared to move easily for a man of retirement age. He seemed physically fit and younger than Jason imagined he would be.

He led Jason into a small conference room. "This is the main office of the Director," he stated. "It's where you will be spending most of your days." Jason looked at the cramped, windowless room and nodded.

Marshall continued to lead him down the hallway, pointing out areas of interest along the way. "This is the break room," he explained, pointing to a small room with a table at the center, and various appliances along the counter. "There is a fitness center on the fourth floor. The top floor is where the control room is located. And the senator's office is located on the floor below it."

"How often do you meet with the senator?" Jason asked.

"Daily," Marshall responded. "Senator Hobbes will meet with you at eight o'clock each morning, sharp. Do not be late. Trust me on that."

Jake glanced at the time on his device. "It's 7:45 right now."

"Then we'd better go," Marshall said with a slight hint of panic.

They rode the elevator to the sixty-fifth floor. The doors opened, revealing an expansive office decorated in the most decadent style Jason had ever seen. The tables were made of etched glass and marble, the floors appeared to be dark, polished oak strewn with Oriental carpets. The walls were covered with elaborate and beautiful paintings, interspersed with the stuffed heads of exotic animals.

Marshall spoke to the secretary at the front desk, and they waited for a moment before she signaled for them to proceed into the senator's office.

"Your device," Marshall whispered urgently, motioning for Jason to remove his device before entering the senator's office. "Never wear it around the senator."

Two massive, hand-carved, wooden doors opened automatically, revealing another richly-decorated office. The senator was waiting for them, seated behind his massive mahogany desk cluttered with curious-looking antiques.

He spoke not a word as Marshall directed Jason to one of the two leather chairs in front of the desk. It was the most comfortable chair Jason had ever experienced. The senator glared at them from behind his desk, staring impatiently at Marshall.

"Senator, I would like to introduce you to Jason Adams," Marshall said, waving to his right. "He is starting today as my replacement."

Senator Hobbes shifted his emotionless stare toward Jason. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Senator," Jason said. "I am honored to be given this opport—"

"What is the status on that speech assignment I gave you, Lewis?" Hobbes said to Marshall.

"Senator, I completed it last night, after hours," Marshall responded.

"I don't care when you completed it, you fool," the senator said. "Where is it?"

"I...I sent it to you late last night, Senator."

"Clarissa!" the senator shouted. His secretary instantly appeared at the door. "Did we receive a speech sent by Citizen Lewis last night?"

"Yes, Senator," she said.

"Then why don't I have it?"

"I am sorry, Senator, but I believe you do."

Hobbes glared at her. He tapped on his desk and swiped his finger several times. He jammed his finger into the desk with force and swiped once more.

"Come here," the senator ordered, pointing at his secretary. He stood and walked around his desk, and she hurried to stand in front of him. Before she could say a word, he smacked her hard across the face with his open palm, sending her reeling backward.

"Get up!" he barked. She slowly rose to her feet and stood before him again, whimpering softly. "Are you trying to make me look foolish?"

"No, Senator," she whispered.

He repeated her words in a mocking, high-pitched tone. She tried to speak again, and received another slap across the face. He grabbed her by the chin and raised her head until they were nose-to-nose.

"I've told you before that mouth of yours is only good for one thing," he hissed. "Now, crawl under my desk." She scampered around his desk and crawled underneath, as ordered.

He unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock as he walked back to his desk and sat in his chair. He looked down and smirked, and then casually resumed his business, turning to Jason.

"I've looked at your record, Adams," he said over the sound of slurping and sucking. "You're very lucky to be where you are right now, do you know that?"

"Yes, Senator," Jason responded.

Hobbes scoffed. "No. No, you don't have any idea. Just to let you know, I was opposed to your promotion, but the State overrode my objection. I guess they think they can keep a closer eye on you from here. But I'm telling you right now, if you even think about stepping out of line, you will be escorted from this building, and you will never see daylight again. Are we clear?"

Jason nodded, paralyzed from the neck down.

"What is your agenda today, Lewis?" the senator said, turning suddenly to Marshall.

"Senator, I will be spending most of the day transitioning Citizen Adams, as he is expected to take over full-time starting tomorrow."

"Fine, but you will also complete your daily tasks as well. The content for our communications bulletin, copy for the personal assistants, and the script for Marketing. I don't care if you need to work through the night, I expect that it will all be done when Adams reports to me tomorrow morning."

"Yes, Senator," Marshall said.

"You know, it's a fucking shame that the State still requires humans to do your jobs. Now get out of here," Hobbes said. "Both of you."

Jason and Marshall hurried out of the office and boarded the elevator, each heaving a sigh of relief when the doors closed.

"Congratulations on your promotion," Marshall said, managing a crooked smile.

"Yeah...thanks," Jason responded. "You must be relieved to be retiring. I hear the benefits are amazing."

Marshall responded with silence. He stared straight ahead, and his eyes reddened. The doors opened, and they exited the elevator. Jason was about to speak when the siren blared. He stopped and turned toward the flag: a rectangle of red with two white horizontal lines in the center.

"I pledge allegiance to the flag..." he chanted, along with his fellow citizens.

Suddenly, the video displays in the office flickered. As the workers continued to recite their pledge, the monitors flashed a message, which spanned the entirety of each screen. It read: "Freedom is never volunteered by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed."

***

Jason strode toward the building's exit at the end of the day, exhausted and stressed. Just as he reached the door, he collided with a woman who was entering through the same door. It took him a moment to realize it was Elena from the arcade.

"Don't say anything," she whispered. She grabbed his hand, placed an object in his palm, and continued her path into the building.

Once he entered the taxi, Jason discreetly unfolded the piece of paper in his palm.

