 Edited by: tribalbutterfly77.

Prologue:

Nothing certain was known about the origin of the ten nymphs of Mount Haram, who taught humans how to enjoy love making. What we know for sure was Sex was a boring duty of married couples prior to the nymphs' appearance. After the nymphs left us, Sex had become the ultimate pleasure of human kind. Every man was returning home excited to savor his mistress hot body and fill every hole she had with pleasure. It's strange not to have a solid account of the nymphs' origin. 

There's an old myth that tries to answer this subject. It recited as the following: When the Goddess Venus sprung up from sea waves, the tides carried her to Cyprus Island. There, she was lying naked and tired on the shore's warm sand. A drunken sailor saw the goddess in her magnificence and was filled with lust. If he hadn't been drunk at that time, he would know all this beauty and pureness was divine. Yet he did not, he laid his filthy hands on the goddess and raped her several times without pause. After every shot inside her, her tender pussy was giving him the power to continue to fuck her again despite his drunkenness. When he left her, the goddess was moaning from weakness and shame. She walked naked, covered with wet sand to a mountain at the edge of the city. This mountain was known as Mount Haram. There, she took refuge inside a cave and gave birth to the ten nymphs. 

Zeus, the supreme god and master of the Olympus, heard about her story. Filled with rage at the humans, he sent countless thunderbolts over the island ensuring one of them would strike the sinful sailor on his ass. Then, he sent his messenger Hermes to Mount Haram to console the raped goddess and convince her to leave the cave and join the gods in Mount Olympus. Zeus wished for her to take her rightful position as a great goddess of love and beauty. Venus left with Hermes, leaving the ten nymphs (offspring of sin and desire) inside the cave as the shameful memory she didn't want to carry. No one knows, how the ten nymphs grew up in their own, but they came to be the most beautiful and desirable beings walking on earth.

The following ten myths will give an account of each nymph and the art of love making she taught to humans. I hope you enjoy knowing about them. In knowing, your sexual life would never be the same again..

Maya: The first Nymph (The Art of Anal Love) 

One day, Maya, first born of the nymphs, wanted to take a bath. She sent her pigeon to Womi's lake to make sure no human was there. She was not aware about Ficus, the pervert wizard, and the dirty plans he was having in secret.

Ficus was a dark wizard who lived between the forlorn paths of the forest. One day he was searching for a rare plant around Womi's lake when he saw Maya for the first time. She was bathing in the lake, naked, rubbing her tender breasts with cold water. Ficus was taken aback by her beauty and for the first time he was longing to touch something beautiful and pure. He moved behind a thick tree and enjoyed watching her bathing. After she left, he felt sad and miserable. In his dark castle bathrooms, he consumed his skinny body by masturbation over the heated images in his mind. He was hiding around the lake everyday in hope his darling would come one day again to take a bath. He didn't need to wait long.

Maya came after one week to wash her voluptuous body and to give Ficus new fantasies to dream about while masturbating. Ficus noticed that Maya was sending her pigeon every time before she came to bath. This was when he laid an ambush to the poor bird. He succeeded in capturing the pigeon and convincing her to tell him about Maya's visits to the lake beforehand or else he would seal off her pleasure hole. Now, everyone knows birds are the horniest creatures in earth and sky and they're fucking twenty four hours. The poor pigeon couldn't refuse his order and she started betraying her mistress. This allowed Ficus to prepare beforehand and have enough time to turn himself into a fig shrub at the lake side. This way, he would get a closer look at Maya's body and having a enjoy his time spying on her without the fear of being caught. Such an idea paid off when during one Maya's excursions, she took off her light robe and hanged it on the fig shrub. Ficus almost came in his roots that day.

Back to our story. The pigeon returned back to Maya repeating the usual phrase:

"I didn't find any humans around the lake, mistress."

In her guilty heart, the pigeon was saying to herself:

"After all, that pervert wizard is not a human. He's a fig shrub for God's sake."

Maya left the cave and walked alone to the lake. She couldn't wait to reach the refreshing cold water. She had always found it relaxing when she left her nymph sisters and bathed alone in the lake. There, she would throw herself in water and enjoy rubbing her tender, heated body. She would pay particular attention to the spot between her thighs. 

She discovered this spot by chance two months ago. She was cleaning that spot, and couldn't stop rubbing it when all of a sudden she felt a flood of pleasure running into her body and her legs started shaking convulsively. She layed down on her side breathless, wondering what had just happened to her. That day, poor Ficus almost fucked every hole he found in his castle's walls.

Maya reached Womi's lake. The cold breeze coming from the forest was refreshing. She took off her robe and tossed it under the fig shrub. Ficus cursed the forest breeze which was moving his braches to the other side away from her body. 

She touched the water with her feet. The temperature was not too cold. She walked inside the lake and started running her wet fingers inside her black thick hair. As she slowly touched her skin, she started to rub her large breasts. Her nipples were erect and hard from cold. Ficus was very excited watching her rubbing her brown nipples.

"Yah, pinch them, babe."

She walked outside the lake heading towards the fig shrub. Ficus was dying with anticipation;

"Yes. Pussy time."

Maya reached down between her thighs and touched herself. She felt so good. She started rubbing her cold pussy and pinching her aroused nipples. She felt warm fluid pouring from her pussy and running down along her thighs. The breeze became windier and colder turning the warm juices into cold sticky feeling making her more aware of her nakedness. She stuck two fingers inside her warm vagina trying to hasten the warm flood at the end. The strong wind carried her robe away inside the forest but she wouldn't stop her pleasuring until she got the desired warm flood. She wanted the flood very badly. It was then, when she heard a sound behind the bushes. Emerging from the leaves was a mature muscular man. .

This man was called Patroculus. He was a poor but handsome sheep keeper. He was walking with his sheep when he saw the blowing wind carrying a feminine robe. Now, who wouldn't be excited after finding a feminine outfit flying in the woods? It only meant one thing; there's a naked female in need of that robe. Patroculus pushed through the bush separating him from the lake to see the view of his life...

There, beside an ugly short fig shrub stood a naked woman. She wasn't a woman; she was a goddess, a naked goddess. Her black, flowing, long hair was wet. Her skin was white and smooth like a dove. Her breasts were firm and proud. And she had a hot pink pussy.

Maya was terrified by this sudden intrusion of her privacy. She struggled around to find something she could cover herself with. She reached to the fig shrub beside her and pulled a leaf. She stuffed the fig leaf between her thighs covering her pink pussy with it.

Ficus almost fainted with this pleasant surprise. He used all his power to move his organs between the fig leaves. He wanted her to pull the leaf that contained his penis. Instead, she pulled the one containing his tongue, which wasn't bad at all. He was dying to taste her juices. When she stuffed the fig leaf between her thighs, he forgot his mother's name and started licking her pussy.

Patroculus stood speechless, unable to move away his gaze. Then, he did something strange and outrageous, people of the past were pretty simple and up to the point, he took off his clothes. Standing naked in front of Maya, His large dick was pulsing with every heart beat. Maya stared at his dick and started thinking;

"Now, this large thing would definitely feel better than fingers inside my hole."

Maya felt itchy with a desire to open widely her legs and push this large thing inside her. She didn't know it was all this licking and biting Ficus was giving her that turned her nuts and horny.

Patroculus advanced towards Maya and carried her between his strong arms. Maya couldn't wait until he put her down. As he did so, she reached down with her hand and held tight to his dick. Patroculus couldn't walk any longer while she was squeezing his dick. He laid her down on a rock and reached for her thighs. She spread her legs willingly, welcoming his rough fingers. He pulled the wet fig leaf to uncover her pussy when she suddenly screamed:

"Ouuuuuuuuuuch."

She sprang up from her peaceful recline and held tight his hand. Patroculus shrugged his shoulders stupidly with a guilty look in his face;

"This thing is stuck there. It doesn't come out. "

Maya looked down innocently, after this harsh awakening from her intense pleasure. 

"What do you mean it's stuck? It's a fig leaf."

She pulled the leaf gently remembering the excruciating pain Patroculus had caused to her, but the leaf wouldn't move. Patoculus tried wetting the leaf with the lake's water then pulling it gently with no benefit. Ficus was enjoying Maya's delicious juices and wouldn't leave her pink pussy for anything. He was biting and licking and causing the poor nymph to be wetter and hornier.

Patroculus groaned in dismay, not believing his bad luck. He turned around heading towards his clothes. 

"Where are you going?"

"I can't sleep with you. That thing is stuck."

Maya sobbed on the rock;

"No. Please, don't go. I want you. I want your thing inside me."

"But, it's stuck."

Maya turned feverishly to lie on her stomach giving Patroculus a full view of her large firm ass;

"Put it here, inside me." 

Patroculus stopped. He was curious to know what was Maya talking about. She spread her ass cheeks, showing him her brown wrinkled asshole.

"Here. See. I have another hole here."

"No. This is dirty. No one does it there."

"It's not dirty. It's nice and tight. Just put it here. Please."

"Zeus would be angry if we did it there."

"Zeus would do it if he were you."

The view of Maya lying down on the stone and exposing her asshole was so provocative and arousing. Her dirty hole was inviting his huge cock. Patroculus wondered if it would feel as good as pussy fucking if he did it there. It never occurred to a human before. He couldn't wait any longer when he shrugged his shoulders:

"Mom, forgive me."

He walked towards Maya, stroking his dick and spreading his precum all over. Maya was waiting for him with her cheeks widely spread exposing her asshole. He held his large dick with his right hand and guided it into her brown hole. Her hole tightened for a moment, and then she relaxed her muscles allowing his penis head to be engulfed inside her tight hole. The feeling was intense. Maya moaned with pleasure;

"Oh, yes, Just right there. Push it inside me."

She pushed back against his cock milking it inside her tight passage. Patroculus couldn't believe the feeling. He felt weak in the knees but he went on and on. He felt his dick sliding inside a tight, sticky passage of flames. Maya was dying from pain and pleasure feeling his entire huge cock filling her tight hungry hole. Then she felt the warm flood of pleasure overcoming her and milking her juices followed by a similar flood of sticky cum inside her asshole. 

Patroculus was gasping on ground, cursing every hour spent form his life before he knew this kind of fucking. When he started putting on his clothes, Maya asked:

"Where are you going? I still want your thing inside me."

Patoculus gave her a smile remembering the nasty village women who would sleep right after the fuck.

"Don't worry dear. I'd come tomorrow with a bunch of the village boys to make sure we satisfy your hungry little hole."

The next day Patoculus kept his promise to Maya. He brought several village boys and set out to satisfy Maya in the ways they knew and learned. After that, the village boys became addicted to this kind of fucking. They convinced the annoying village girls to take it in their asses and they loved it. 

So the myth goes, whenever you see a girl covering her crotch with a fig leaf, you should know it means she wants to take it in the ass!

Epilogue: 

Atop a very high tree, there was a nest. The pigeon was panting after a long day of air-born fuck. She kissed her husband with her peak telling him:

"You know what? Thanks God I didn't displease that crazy wizard of figs. He was planning to seal off my hole the same way he did to mistress Maya. Just imagine what we would do if that happened?!"

The male bird caressed her with his wing lovingly:

"Don't worry honey. If that happened, you would still be able to do me a peak job!"

To be continued..

(Author Notes: I don't know how to thank my awesome editor: tribalbutterfly77. she was a very efficient and pleasant person to work with. My story would never reach this form without her help. I look forward to work with her again in other chapters and works. If you liked this kind of story please send me a note to tell me what you think. Thanks.)