 I pulled a pink negligee out of the dark oak dresser. The drawer is full of silk and lace. Naughty pieces of cloth to entice others to look on me with lust in their eyes. 

I held the cloth up in my hands and smiled. It was something I had bought from my favorite shop back in Mon Plaisar. A lacy one-piece, slit down past the navel. It didn't really offer my large breasts enough support, but that was fine. It had a thong back with an eggshell blue bow set just above my round ass. 

After putting on a pair of black high heels, I stepped out of my cabin and into the hall. 

I passed two giggling crew women. Both looking sexy in matching sheer nighties. It was silk slip Saturday and everyone was dressed in lingerie. As I passed I turned to check out their cute asses. Sashaying back and forth. I just wanted to eat the two girls up. 

I took my breakfast in the crew lounge. Enjoying the view of my beautiful crew in their various states of undress. Prettier, even than the beautiful view of mountains out the big picture windows. 

A good score of crew girls were eating breakfast at the big wooden tables. Others were resting after their night shift. More than one set of girls doing some publicly heavy petting on the big comfortable couches scattered around the room. 

"Morning Captain." My waitress bent way over to set my coffee and a ship's report on my table. Her big tits nearly spilled out of her small nighty. With a grin I slid a hand up her thigh and onto her silk clad bottom. 

"How are things in the kitchens?" I asked as I squeezed her round derrière and slid a finger deeper between her thighs. 

"Mmm, good ma'am." She answered. Still bent over as I molest her. Grinding her bottom back into my groping hand. 

I smiled as Imogen and princess Eleanore entered the lounge looking for a place to sit. I finally let my waitress up and she retreated to bring me my food, as the two teens headed to my table. 

My ginger cabin girl wore a bright green, short lace top, that just barely covered her big teen tits. She was nearing nineteen and her perky double-D's might still grow. Maybe as big as my own. 

She also wore sheer lace boy shorts. Tight around the waist, and loose at her thighs. Her sweet cunny was covered by artfully places lace, but I knew it was a bare as my own lustful puss. 

The princess looked a bit more demure next to her sluttier friend. It had been a week since we had found her. She had struck up a quick friendship with the redhead, and seemed to be fitting in quite nicely. 

She wore a black silk negligee with white trim, like her pearly hair. The nighty hugged her royal curves close. I could see she wasn't wearing a bra. The nipples on her big breasts poking through the fabric like they wanted to escape. Her tits were just a little smaller than Ginny's. Perky and cute. 

The negligee hung nearly to her knees, so I couldn't tell if she wore panties or not. Though I did know from when we met that she had a cute little patch of snow white pubic hair. 

She also had on a pair of white stockings. They covered her sharply calves quite nicely. 

My body shivered with my desire for the teens. 

Ginny grinned at me as they sat, pulling her friend along. Eleanore looked scandalized by the activities on the couches. I noticed as she sat that she couldn't stop watching the women though. 

"Good morning you two." I smiled. 

"Good morning Captain." Ginny grinned back. 

The princess mumbled something. Then turned to me blushing. "Sorry. Good morning, Captain."

"And how are you finding my ship?" I asked the white haired girl. 

"It's, it's very different from home." She started, her gaze slowly being drawn to a brunette, very definitely sucking the tits of a topless blonde. "Everyone is so friendly..." She sort of quietly trailed off. 

"Ella, is a little put off by silk Saturday." Imogen told me. Digging in to her plate when it arrives. "I was surprised I could even get her to dress up."

"Well you look lovely, my dear." I told the young royal. She blushed again and couldn't quite meet my gaze. 

We made small talk as we eat. Then I excused myself, and I am up to walk my ship. Leaving the teens to watch the Randy ladies. 

I like to think I am no sloth when it comes to command. I know the names of everyone on my crew. I have a passing familiarity with everyone's duties. And a good idea of how the ship runs. 

Silk slip Saturdays is just an extra incentive to check in with everybody. Not just my command personal. 

I was in housekeeping where two girls had me pinned to the wall. The held my wrists above my head while we made out. They played with my big tits, squeezing and kissing. My pussy yearning for more. 

Then the intercom whistled. "Captain to command car. Captain to command car." Came my First Mate's musical voice. 

"Aww." Complained one of the girls as they let me go. 

"Maybe later." I tossed back. Putting my boobs back in my lingerie as I hustled out. 

With the damage my ship had sustained, I was worried. My tits bounced in their lace as I ran down the halls. Hurrying to command. 

When I got there I found Aria and Hilga quietly arguing. 

The beautiful blonde Elf was wearing a white night gown. It flowed from her neck to her ankles, covering everything. Well, it would have except that it was completely sheer. She wore nothing underneath, showing off every inch of her beautiful body. 

Hilga wore a black corset that struggled to hold in her massive tits, and a matching lacy thong that nearly disappeared beneath her bulk. 

"You called?" I interrupted. 

The two women turned to me. Through the window behind them I could see the mountains shrinking in the distance. The beginning of lush hills that began to stretch out below us. 

"We have a problem." Hilga announced. I raised my eyebrows as an inquiry. "We have too much load on the Duchess's fluorite resonating crystal." 

I just shrugged and shook my head. The big woman sighed at my ignorance. 

"The engines are designed, primarily to spin the propellers." I nodded. That's why we had two separate engine rooms. We used two large propellers to move the ship. "They use a whole system of devices to convert steam to electricity. For the rest of the ship's systems." 

She held up a small purple crystal. I could see it crumbling a little between her pudgy fingers. 

"An important part of that are these crystals. And ours are on the verge of breaking." She informed us. 

"We will keep moving though, right? This won't stop our propeller?" I asked. A little desperate. 

"Sure. We will all freeze, but we can keep moving." 

"Do we have extra?" She shook her head. 

"Medusa's was too damaged in the battle." She motioned to the crystal she holds. "The good news is we may be able to get more." 

Aria spoke up, "We are coming up on a thermal valley. Apparently the crystals may be found there."

Hilga nodded enthusiastically. "Near steam vents."

My Elven first mate continued, "We will have to send a ground team. Our electronics won't last much longer. Correct?" She turned to the engineer. 

Hilga nodded again. "Even flying low may be too tricky for our detector to find anything anyway."

"There's a village listed on our map. We should reach it tomorrow. We need to resupply anyway." The blonde said. 

"Very well. Let's do what we have to." I told them. 

The village of Brusand was quaint. Which meant there was no airship dock. We set down in a nearby field while Viva went to secure permission from whoever was in charge. 

She came back with a smile and told me we were good. We also had the run of the local inn. 

We tied the ship down and Kendra set up a leave rotation. I gave her permission to try and sell some of the fancy cheese we still had. 

My plan was to enjoy the evening, then head out in the morning. 

Imogen had begged to go. Claiming that she was never allowed on my adventures. 

The princess asked to go too, but her heart wasn't in it. I suspect she just didn't want to be away from her new friend. 

Kendra suggested Beauregard, the big lizard man. He had been staying out of my way since we pushed his employer overboard. I still didn't trust him though. I'd only ever encountered him around that loathsome toad Gorup. Which left a distinct taint in my thoughts. 

The crew seemed to get along with him though. 

In the end it would be me, Ginny, Joy one of our assistant engineers, and Nadira one of our security personnel. 

I sipped a local wine at the inn and played cards with some of the girls through the afternoon. When a pair of local men walked up near dusk, I gave them a smile. 

"You are the Captain?" One asks. 

"I am." I reply in my bedroom voice. He wasn't bad looking. Plus I wouldn't mind a tumble. 

"The Burgomaster would like to see you." He informed me. I stood and followed the men. If the mayor wanted me there could be trouble. 

When they lead me upstairs to the inn's rooms I figured it isn't trouble, it's lust. 

"Ah, Captain. Good to meet you." The pudgy man smiled. Standing as his men closed us in alone. 

"Is there a problem?" I ask sweetly. 

"Not a problem. More an...opportunity. After all you want things to go smoothly here for your crew?" I nodded trying to look demure. 

"Then it would help to have me on your side. I would want a little something in return, of course." He grinned a fat weaselly grin. Then he unbuckled his pants, letting them drop to the floor as he sat. 

I knelt down and tugged off his linen underwear. Finding a stiff little cock under a large belly. 

Submissively I leaned in and gave him a good suck. Easily taking the whole few inches in my mouth. 

The corrupt man groaned above me. Enjoying the benefits of his position. 

I sucked him for a few minutes then he ordered me to strip and lay on my back. He drooled in his lust as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse. Revealing more and more of my lace bra. Then slipped out of my skirt. His hands pawed at my big jiggly breasts as I stripped out of my underwear. 

I lay back on the bed. His submissive whore. Excited by his humiliating treatment. He took off his shirt as I spread my legs. Offering my vulnerable cunt for his pleasure. 

He climbed onto the bed and on me. His fat sweaty belly heavy on my torso. I grunt when he shoves his little prick in me. Then he grabs at my big tits and slobbers on my face. Licking and sucking at my lips. The odious man only knew how to take pleasure from a woman. Not how to give it. 

I want to turn away. His breath stinks of garlic. But I know that wouldn't be wise. If he took insult there would be trouble. I just moaned as the fat pig thrusts in me. 

He lasted a surprisingly long time. Though I was far from getting off when he spewed in me. Even though I am turned on by the debauchery of the whole thing. 

He rolled off me and ordered me to get out. 

Done with drinking, and wanting to finish what the Burgomaster started I left the inn, my body tingling with lust. 

"You're the Captain of that ship, aren't you?" A woman's voice from nearby. 

"I am." 

"Had my husband...seen to you yet?" She was short and pudgy. Dressed in a fancy peasant dress. She looked angry, but I couldn't help notice her checking out my body. And not just in an angry wife way. 

"He has." I answered. 

Her face turns red. "You poor thing." 

"Hey. Don't worry about me. I've been through much worse than a handsy mayor. What about you?" 

This seems to calm her some. "Oh, he may wander. But he always comes home." 

"Maybe you should wander too?" I suggested, stepping closer. 

"It's a small town." She answered quietly. But I saw hope in her eyes. 

"How would you like a tour of my Hidden Booty?" I gestured toward my ship. 

"I'd say it's not so hidden." She gave me a warm smile and took my arm as I led her to our landing field. 

In my room her dress quickly came off. She turned to me nervously in her linen underclothes. 

"I...I know I am not young. Or pre..." She started. 

I put my finger to her lips. "Shh, let's enjoy our short time together." 

She also smells of garlic, I noticed as I pulled her close in a kiss. My hands grabbed her soft doughy body. 

I tugged her shift off revealing a flabby tummy and small flat tits. I smile at her and she gasps when I lean in and suck her nipples. 

Then I pushed her back onto my bed drawing a gasp of surprise. Her body trembled as I yanked down her bloomers. 

Her pussy is chubby and hairy. She moaned as I dive in. Wiggling my tongue deep inside her mature peach. 

When I feel she is used to that, I start to lightly rub her clit with the tip of my tongue. Having to hold her ample belly out of the way to find it. 

The old woman soon came to a gasping orgasm. I crawled up next to her as she settled down. 

"I...I never knew it could be like that." She said after we kiss again. I smile warmly. "How...how do I...uh, do you?" 

I spread my legs and gave her a few simple instructions. Things guaranteed to get me off. 

I smiled, looking past my big tits at the woman old enough to be my grandmother. Her grey hair between my spread thighs. 

Gradually I rise to my own bliss. Carried on the wings of her mature lips. 

"I really must go." She finally said after we lay a while. She stood and got dressed. I blew her a kiss as she left. A spring in her step. 

The four of us left early in the morning. We dressed in simple heavy skirts, longer than we would normally wear. Red with white trim. Also white button up blouses. We were heading into rough terrain. We need sturdy clothes. 

Joy was a cute little woman. Blonde and smart with a button nose. She had smallish B-cup tits. And a cute little ass. She reminded me of a Yuletide elf. I would have to remember to get her a cute little costume to wear. 

She was already fiddling with the large copper detection equipment as we left the village. All knobs wires and blinking lights. 

Nadira was tall and husky. She stood six feet and usually looked grim. Even when happy. She had a flat ass and C-cup tits and was surprisingly adept in the sack. She had short, coal black hair. 

The four of us had rifles, repeaters. Nadira also had a brace of pistols and a breech load long gun. We bid the ship goodbye and started walking into the dense, tree covered valley. 

As we traveled the trees turned from leaves to palms. Almost like a jungle. And noticeably warmer than the mountain air we were used to. Soon I was covered in sweat. I unbuttoned my shirt glistening torso bare except for the blue silk bra holding back my tits. Ginny quickly followed suit. Her own creamy white tummy open to the sun. I doubted the girl had brought any skin creme. 

When we stopped for our second break Joy smiled at the bigger security girl, who was rummaging in her large pack. "I warned you." The blonde said quietly. 

I raised an eyebrow at the women. "It's the heat vents, Captain. That's why we see vegetation like this. The valley is basically a small jungle. It will become even hotter closer to the center. I suggested different clothes. Something lighter."

"You mean it's going to get warmer than this?" I asked incredulously. It already had to be eighty or more degrees. The blond girl nodded. 

Nadira pulls out a bundle of cloth. "Strip." She ordered. Quickly shimmying out of her skirt. 

The rest of us followed her orders quickly. Four women standing nearly naked in the hot jungle. Giving an erotic show to the birds and animals. As I took my blouse off she said. "You can leave that Captain." 

I shrugged, taking my bra off. My big breasts warmed for a moment by the sun. Then I put the shirt back on. I didn't bother to button it. Just tying the bottom below my tits. Showing off plenty of cleavage. Also, since they were so sweaty the white cloth basically became sheer. Doing little to protect my modesty. 

My red headed Imogen followed my lead. Her big teen tits soon on display like mine. 

The security girl had brought shorts for us. "I pay attention." She informed the engineer, who blushed. 

I thought for a moment. Then stripped my panties off. Going commando in the tiny shorts. I didn't bother to close the fly. Leaving it open far enough to show off pubic hair. If I had any. "I feel like I should be wearing a pith helmet." I told the others with a grin. 

"Don't be ridiculous." The security woman said with all seriousness. 

We continued on through the hot day. Setting up camp at night. 

We sat around a small fire for a while talking, and listening to the strange sounds of nature. Then Ginny and I slipped into our tent. Naked, but too tired to do anything but snuggle and grope a bit. 

From the sounds of it the other two girls weren't too tired. Joy must have been doing her best to apologize. Without words. 

True enough, the next day was even hotter. 

In the morning we were startled by a large lizard. Maybe the size of a horse. It hissed and croaked loudly as it advanced. We fired near it a few times. Then Nadira carefully winged it with the long gun. After that it decided to find an easier meal. 

Joy spent the day good naturedly grumbling over her blinking device. Toward evening we found a quick running stream that turned into a waterfall when it hit a large grotto. 

"Can we?" I asked the big security girl. 

She nodded. "It's late enough, let's make camp down there. Our fire will be out of sight from up here." 

So we carefully climbed down. Then, after setting up our tents Ginny and I quickly stripped. I grinned lustfully at the teen as she untied her top and let her tits bounce out. Glistening with the day's sweat. Then she bent slightly to pull down her shorts. Baring her ass for the world's pleasure. Holding hands we splashed into the cool water. 

It was only a couple feet deep we found. Full of little rainbow colored fish. We headed toward the waterfall as Nadira started a fire. Joy began stripping too. 

I pulled the redhead close once we are under the falling water. Leaning her back and kissing her deeply. The waterfall washed away the heat and the grime and my exhaustion. 

There's something to be said for the magic of being clean. 

I touched her delicately as I kissed her neck. The signs of sunburn already noticeable. 

The water splashed around us as I kissed down her body. She shivered when I lightly bit her nipples. The teen gasping at my touch. 

My lips continued down. Across her smooth tummy and bare pubis. Finally finding their way to her tender blossom. 

I heart the ginger teen moan as I licked her cunny. Joy splashed through the sparkling water. Moving up behind me. Both their fingers ran through my hair as they leaned in to kiss each other. 

I spent a few moments on my cabin girl. Then turned to give Joy some pleasure. Sucking her clit and nipping her pussylips before diving deep with my tongue. 

My fingers squeezed her ass, as I felt the engineer cum. Her body shuddering. Her juices flowing. I let her ride it out, grinding her cunt on my face. 

Then I turned to find a taller peach. Nadira's wonderful pussy. 

Eagerly I dove in licking and sucking the stern woman. Running my fingertips up and down her sides. She grabbed my hair painfully, forcing my face to her crotch. Exciting my own body even further. 

After the dark haired girl orgasms, she grabbed my shoulders and forced me to my ass behind the waterfall. There's barely enough room for both of us, even as close as she is. 

The water came up to the bottom of my big hanging tits as I sat grinning lustfully. She knelt and shoved a hand between my thighs. Plunging two fingers into my eager twat. Thumbing my clit. Sending white hot bursts of pleasure through my body. 

She grabbed my hair and forced me into a kiss. Then reached down and began pinching and pulling my nipples. Alternating breasts as my orgasm got closer and closer. 
