 Ryltar hung from his rusted chains in the deep, dark, and dank dungeon of the castle. He twisted and planted his feet on the wall near the large iron ring to which his chains were attached. Straining and grunting, Ryltar pushed with all his might to dislodge the chain or the hook but neither budged. Cursing, he dropped back to the ground and gloomily slumped against the wall.

"Their treasure chamber was just too well guarded for me to burgle," muttered Ryltar. "I should've never come here..."

"You got that right," floated a voice from the shadows.

"Who's there? Show yourself or else!"

"Or else what," retorted the voice. "You are chained to the wall as I appear to be."

As the voice said that, the dungeon lighted up a little as the sun rose. The shadows lightened and released from their depths a haggard old woman. When the Ryltar saw this, he recoiled slightly from the vileness of the old woman's appearance. The woman stood up and muttered a few words. The chains dropped off her wrists and ankles and clunked to the floor.

"How did you do that?"

"Magic of course. Now how to get out of here," the old witch muttered mostly to herself.

"I know how to get out of here."

"You do? Please tell."

"First, get me out of these chains and then I may tell you."

The witch considered this for a moment and then agreed. She cast another spell and the chains released Ryltar from their cold metal grip.

"Thanks," said Ryltar, rubbing his wrists. He looked around. "Hey old hag, can you lift me up to the window over that?"

"I am not an old hag, so don't call me that."

"Fine, what should I call you then? Ugly?"

"No you little punk, you may call me Eriu. And say something like that again I will turn you into a toad!"

"Okay then, Eriu could you please lift me up to that window."

"Look down," said Eriu laughing.

Ryltar looked down and would have jumped back if it were not for the fact that he was floating in midair. Eriu floated Ryltar over to the window and he looked out. The sun was barely over the tops of the trees. Just under the window was a rank moat.

"Well, the good news is that the moat is just under the window."

"And the bad news?"

"It smells like rotting carcasses..."

"What about the bars? How strong are they?"

Ryltar grabbed one of the metal bars covering the window and pulled on it. It easily pulled out.

"The stench must have destroyed the bars," laughed Ryltar as he pulled the rest of the bars out and climbed out into the moat.

"Here," cried Eriu as she threw up a shimmering rope.

"Where did that come from," Ryltar wondered to himself as he pulled Eriu up. She was surprisingly light for someone of her large size. "It was probably more magic."

Once Ryltar finished pulling Eriu up and helped her through the window and the moat, the set off running through the woods. The two jail breakers stopped to catch their breath a while later.

"You can sure run fast for an old woman," commented Ryltar.

"I'm not," started Eriu. She stopped and looked quickly at herself. Apparently, she hadn't realized or had forgotten how old she looked. Shaking her head, she asked what Ryltar's name was and why he had been down in the dungeon.

"My name is Ryltar and I was in that dungeon 'cause I was caught trying to liberate the Shikon Jewel from its cold confines."

"Simply put, you were trying to steal it. Okay then, at least I now know who set off the magic wards and got me caught."

"You're a thief? I don't believe it."

"Later you will. For now, we need to get this muck, slime, and nasty stench off if we are going to be presentable any time in the future."

"Right, do you happen to know where I could find a hot bath then? Or will you just conjure one up?"

"Actually no, I will not conjure one. And I do know where there is a hot spring near by, just follow me."

Ryltar and Eriu set off through the woods with Eriu in the lead. Follow behind, Ryltar started thinking.

"She is tough and strong... for an old hag," he thought. "Also, she knows magic and is graceful as hell... Something about her doesn't add up... I need to watch her closely so I don't end up dead or something."

Ryltar kept following Eriu through the woods as she made many turns and twists as to hide their trail and double back to check for anyone following them.

"She sure has a nice ass," Ryltar though as he walked. "Ack! What am I thinking? She is an old hag!! That is just wrong... even if she does look good from back here... NO! Stop thinking such things!"

An hour or two later, Ryltar and Eriu arrived at a steaming collection of pools and streams.

"Welcome to the hot springs Ryltar. Feel free to bath," announced Eriu.

"As long as you don't look! I am a modest man."

"Same to you."

"Like your anything to look at," laughed Ryltar, his earlier thoughts rushing back.

"I soon will be," muttered Eriu after Ryltar had disappeared into a pool a couple yards away.

Eriu stripped off her cloths and dove into the pool. The water washed over her and removed dirt, grim, and magic powder. When Eriu dove in, she had the appearance of an old hag. When she came up for air, she was young and beautiful again. The magic powder that had hidden her true self washed off. She looked over towards the pool where Ryltar was.

The though of Ryltar naked made her so horny. The sight of him chained up and helpless in the dungeon had really got her wet. Suddenly, she climbed out of the water and went to Ryltar's pool. She slide into the water and waited for Ryltar to come back up. When he did, he cried out in surprise, there was a girl in the water with him that bored an odd resemblance to the old woman.

"Who are you," Ryltar managed to choke out.

"I am Eriu, don't you recognize me?"

"But she is old and ugly, your young and have a beautiful face..."

"Just a beautiful face," Eriu asked as she grabs Ryltar's hand and guided it to her breast.

Ryltar jerked his hand back for a moment, but Eriu pulled harder and put his hand on her breast. Ryltar felt the breast under his hand and began to run it. Moments later, his other hand joined in and started to squeeze and massage Eriu breasts. He brought them above the water and started to suck on the left one then the right. Eriu enjoying the sensation of his mouth on her breasts decided to take charge of things. She pushed him off and levitated him out of the water. She cast a spell and Ryltar became unable to move from lying on the ground.

Eriu fell to her knees and grabbed Ryltar's cock. Slurping it into her mouth she began to blow him. Her talent with blowjobs was greater than her skill with magic. Soon she had Ryltar moaning and about to blow. Ryltar moans became louder and louder until he shouted when he came, his juices filling Eriu's mouth and even dripping out a bit. Eriu swallowed it all.

"I hope that isn't all you have got, because I am horny and I want a good long fuck," said Eriu rubbing her cunt and breast. When Ryltar failed to respond, she cast a spell on him, immediately rejuvenating his hard on. She climbed on top of him and slowly lowered herself on to him, filling her with his thick and long cock. Eriu moaned at the filling of being filled. She sat there for a second allowing her body to adjust to the size of his cock. Then she began to slide up and down his shaft, her juices flowing heavily. Her pace grew faster and faster until she was bouncing up and down on him, her cries of pleasure echoing through out the hot springs. Eriu could feel her orgasm approaching and prepared the counter spell which would allow Ryltar to come with her. Their cries approaching a crescendo, they both came. The blinding white ecstasy filled them up as their bodies found release. Eriu collapsed on top of Ryltar and lost consciousness. Ryltar freed himself from the spell binding him to the ground and smiled. A new plaything to add to his collection...

To Be Continued...