 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is set in the future, but it is about a concept that is as old as human civilization itself. This is my first venture into the Sci-Fi category, and is the result of a writing challenge I gave to myself. I would greatly appreciate your feedback as the story progresses.

I debated whether to submit this saga as one long story, break it up into several long stories, or break it up even further into small, digestible chapters. As a reader, I usually have the time and attention span for only the shorter stories, so I chose the latter option. There are eleven chapters in total, each likely to consist of only one or two pages in length. I will submit these chapters one day apart so that you are not waiting too long between chapters.

Enjoy!

*

Jason Adams stood before his small apartment window and gazed between the buildings at the sunrise as it gradually revealed the bustling city he called home. Tiny vehicles swiftly navigated the streets below, while the foreboding high rises blocked all but a tiny sliver of the sky. Drones swept across his field of vision from all directions, some carrying packages, while others simply scanned the surroundings.

Jason sensed a presence behind him, and turned to see that Cori had entered the room with his morning beverage. He turned to steal one last look at the scenery, and found himself face-to-face with a weaponized drone, hovering mere inches from his nose, separated only by a thin pane of glass.

Catching his breath, he quickly pressed a button on the window, and a dark filter instantly replaced the transparent glass. Its interweaving vertical lines caused a shadow of light and dark along the length of his small apartment. The LED lights in the room automatically illuminated in response, slowly brightening to a dim and pale yellow.

"Good morning," Cori said in a cheerful tone.

"Good morning, Cori." A small table with built-in chairs had replaced the bed in the center of the room. He sat across the table from Cori, and picked up the dark green beverage set in front of him. He winced at the bitter taste. That first taste was always the toughest to swallow.

"Did you sleep well?" she asked with a smile, studying his expression with casual interest.

He nodded absent-mindedly and reached into his pocket, producing a small, square-shaped object. He repeatedly unfolded it until it reached the size of a standard sheet of paper, and then set it on the table using an extendable backing. With a tap of his finger, an ultra-high-definition image appeared, displaying an attractive woman seated at a desk.

"Good morning, Citizen Adams," the woman said in a pleasant voice. "It is Wednesday, March twentieth. You have an appointment this morning with the Department of Communications at seven thirty. Your morning commute to the office at 1617 Steyer Avenue will be seventeen minutes from door to door. A taxi will be waiting for you outside of the entrance."

He remained fixated on the screen as the personal assistant continued to provide him with his agenda and breaking news from around the world. He yawned, and swallowed another mouthful of his morning health drink. Beyond the display, he could see Cori still observing him in the casual manner to which he had grown accustomed. He tapped his foot as he listened to the story of the latest battle between the Islamic Republic and the Sino-Russian Alliance.

"You're nervous about today's meeting," Cori observed. It was more of a statement than a question.

Jason shrugged. "It's another move up," he stated, taking another sip of his drink. "It means a bigger place, a higher allowance, a better life for both of us."

"You know that your performance at this meeting does not matter," she said. "The decision has already been made. This is merely a formality."

"I know," he said. "I'm just afraid I might say or do something foolish and blow it."

"Would you like me to relieve your stress?" she asked with a smile. Jason diverted his eyes from the display for a moment and looked at her. With a smile and a nod, her head disappeared under the table.

He felt the familiar tug of his pants zipper, followed by the warmth of her mouth on his penis. She took the entire length into her mouth and swirled her tongue along the base, teasing his scrotum just the way he liked. Within no time, he felt himself becoming fully erect.

The tip of his cock bumped the back of her throat, and she began slowly bobbing back and forth along his shaft, from the tip of his head, back down to the base, over and over again. The motion of her warm, wet mouth gliding along his cock grew quicker and more urgent. She plunged her mouth down to the base of his cock until her nose pressed into his pubic hair. She then added suction to the swirling motion of her tongue as she slid back to the tip. Back and forth. Again and again.

The image on the display paused as Jason closed his eyes and leaned his head back. He emitted a low moan, and felt the familiar warm and tingling sensation in his groin. A powerful sensation rose through the length of his shaft, and through his sensitive head. That burst of pleasure was followed by another, and then another. Eventually, the waves of stimulation grew less intense, and his cock became soft and sensitive to touch.

Cori withdrew her mouth, zipped up his pants, and scooted backward under the table. She disappeared into the confined kitchen nook for a moment. He returned his attention to the video display, which resumed where it had left off. He heard the familiar whirring noise from the kitchen, followed by Cori's reappearance.

"You'd better be on your way," she said with a smile.

He folded the display several times, extended another flexible piece of curled tubing, and wrapped it behind his ear. He checked his zipper, gave Cori a kiss on her forehead, and exited into the cramped hallway.

The taxi was waiting for him outside of the entrance, with a sign on top emblazoned with his name and photo. Jason entered the cab and noticed several passengers resting in the seats along all four walls of the vehicle. Without a word, Jason took the last empty seat and tapped a button on the side of his device. A panoramic display appeared, featuring the same personal assistant he had been watching before.

"In domestic news," the assistant stated, "another terrorist attack was reported overnight. This one took place at a New Boston academy on Ayers Street. Twenty-three children were mercilessly butchered by terrorists who infiltrated the building wielding sharp weapons and home-made guns."

"Unbelievable," Jason muttered under his breath. "Fucking savages."

The woman seated next to him turned to face him. "Are you hearing about the terrorist attack last night?" she asked.

"Yes," he responded. "You know, I went to that academy. I can't even imagine the horror."

"We're not dealing with civilized people," the woman stated, shaking her head. "These are sub-human barbarians living on the other side of that wall, in the Outerlands."

"Do we know that for sure?" he asked.

"Well, who else would have done it?" she retorted.

A voice in the taxi announced that Jason had reached his final destination. He exited the cab and looked to his upper-left to note the time on his device. He couldn't help but notice a vending kiosk outside of the building, and smiled. He had just enough time to grab something a little sweet. That morning health drink always left a bad taste in his mouth.

"Chocolate bar," he said to the machine after spending several minutes standing in line.

"I am sorry, Citizen Adams, but you have reached your monthly allowance for sugar," the machine responded in a friendly female voice. "Perhaps you would like a piece of fruit instead."

"No, thanks," he said with a sigh.

***

"Citizen Adams," the woman said upon entering the conference room. Jason bowed his head, and she reciprocated the gesture. Like all other women in the city, she was tall, physically fit, and possessed the type of perfectly symmetrical beauty that had become the standard in genetic engineering. She wore her hair in the same short-cropped style and length, and donned the same clothing, as every other citizen in the city. And like every other citizen, she appeared bored and lifeless.

He looked to his upper-left, and hovering just above the woman's head was her identification card. He noted her name, height, weight, age, and background.

"It's nice to meet you, Citizen Connors," he said with a cautious smile. He briefly glanced at the table between them and spied a jar filled with small candies.

"Would you like one?" she asked, following the path of his eye.

He hesitated, contemplating whether she was testing him.

"It's okay," she said with a smile. "I know you have reached your monthly sugar allowance. I have the power to grant this exception. I also know that you have a bit of a sweet tooth. Please, go ahead and take one."

"Thank you," he said, smiling awkwardly. He slowly reached for the jar, maintaining eye contact with her, prepared to withdraw his hand at the first sign of deception. Finding no change in her expression, he plucked a single candy from the jar and placed it in his mouth.

As she spoke, her eyes focused just above his head and to the right. "You scored above the ninetieth percentile on your C-MAT exam in both logic and creativity," she noted. "That is an extremely rare quality."

"So I've been told," he replied. She looked him in the eyes, and it seemed as though she were examining him like a specimen in a lab. "I don't believe I've ever met anyone in the Adams bloodline before. Were you born here in the city?"

"As far as I am aware, yes," he replied.

She paused for a moment, as though she had lost her train of thought. "You have been promoted to the Director of Communications for this office, effective tomorrow. You will be tasked with composing all external communications from this office to the people. You will also be the primary speech writer for Senator Hobbes. Our former Director is retiring, and you will meet with him tomorrow to facilitate the transition."

Jason nodded. "I thank the State for this opportunity."

"You have an exemplary record of performance for the State since your graduation from the Academy," she noted. "This promotion is merited." She tapped the side of her device and removed it from her head, placing it on the table between them. Jason did the same.

"Do you have any questions?" she asked.

"I'm wondering...are there added benefits with this promotion?"

She smiled. "Yes, of course. Effective immediately, you have been promoted to ration level seven. You will receive a higher security level, and an upgraded living quarters."

"Thank you," he replied.

"You will also be assigned a new com—"

"No!" he interrupted. His face flushed as he realized his rudeness. "I apologize," he said. "That won't be necessary."

"As you wish," she said with a knowing grin.

***

"Chocolate bar," Jason said, enunciating every syllable for added effect. He lifted the door of the vending machine and reaped the reward of his newly-upgraded ration. He unwrapped the candy and took a bite, savoring the sweet taste on his tongue. He placed the remainder in his pocket, electing to save the rest of it for later.

A siren blared from the speakers surrounding the city streets, and every citizen stopped where they were, turned toward the nearest flag, and placed their hands over their hearts.

"I pledge allegiance to the flag," the group intoned in unison, "of the People's State of America, and to the community for which it represents. One collective society, working together, for the common good, with equality and fairness for all."

With their final words still echoing along the canyon of brick and mortar, the citizens resumed their activities. Jason placed his device behind his ear once more, and noted the time. He considered ordering a taxi to his location, but instead, a devious thought occurred to him. He began walking down the street at a brisk pace.

He glanced at his location on the GPS. Still surrounded by green. He picked up his pace, and brushed past pedestrians who hardly seemed to notice him. The cool breeze washed over his face as he broke into a slow jog. The image on the GPS blinked rapidly, and turned to yellow.

Bright lights from the LED displays mounted along the building walls whooshed by in a blur of color and motion. Jason pushed himself further. His feet pounded the pavement, his heart thumped, and the adrenaline rushed through his veins. A broad smile forced its way onto his face, causing his cheeks to ache.

The image on the GPS flashed once more, and turned to red. Jason glanced in all directions in frantic search of the inevitable. He was at a full sprint now, arms pumping at his sides, people brushing past him on the streets, now looking at him with curiosity and concern. He began laughing uncontrollably. He glanced at the GPS once more. He was now a full five city blocks away from where he began.

"Stop right there!" a loud voice intoned. Jason complied immediately, and instinctively raised his hands over his head in surrender.

He slowly turned to face a hovering drone, its weapon aimed directly at him. He could almost feel the red dot of the laser boring a hole through his forehead.

"Citizen Adams, why have you traveled so far outside of your designated travel zone?" the voice from the drone asked.

"I was merely looking for the nearest fitness center," Jason explained, breathless. "I must have gotten lost somehow."

"Is your GPS unit not functioning properly?" the voice asked.

"It must be defective," Jason responded with a shrug. His arms felt so heavy, it was difficult to keep them raised. He didn't dare let them drop.

The drone hovered for a moment, as if calculating its next response. "The nearest fitness center is two blocks in the direction from which you came," the voice stated. "You are advised to proceed to that location immediately."

"Yes, of course," Jason said. "Thank you." Hesitantly, he lowered his arms. The drone positioned itself behind him and followed him back down the street until he reached the entrance to the fitness center. When he finally summoned the courage to turn around, it was gone. He smiled and exhaled a sigh of relief.

Inside the fitness center, Jason undressed in the locker room, removing all of his clothes and storing them in a locker along with his device. Alongside him, several men and women dressed and undressed with casual indifference. He strode out of the locker room, fully nude, carrying only a towel. Finding an opening, he submerged himself into the cool liquid of the exercise chamber.

"Good afternoon, Citizen Adams," came the voice from his personal assistant. A display appeared before him, hovering at eye level, as the machine below him began moving, forcing him to move his arms and legs to keep pace with it. "Let's begin our first mental exercise," the assistant said. "In this test, you will be shown a sequence of shapes. Please indicate the next shape that should appear at the end of this sequence."

As Jason continued his dual workout, dozens of citizens surrounding him entered and exited their exercise pods. Jason was oblivious to them all, including the exquisite orange-haired woman with the high cheek bones who seemed to be observing him as she exercised in the pod adjacent to his.

***

"Good evening," Cori chirped as Jason entered his new apartment on the twenty-fifth floor. "How do you like the new place?"

Jason peered around the room at its empty, beige-colored walls, the beige carpeting, and the sparse furniture. It was larger than his old apartment, but only slightly. He was hoping the new place would feature a private bathroom, but it appeared as though he would continue using the communal bathroom at the end of the hallway.

"It's nice," he said. He slumped into his chair at the table in the center of the room, and Cori placed a bowl in front of him, which was brimming with a steaming-hot, off-white, porridge-like substance. He swallowed as much as he could while she peppered him with questions about his day. He decided to omit the story about running in the streets and his encounter with the drone, knowing that it would only lead to another lecture.

"I'm thinking of going to the arcade," he said as he scooped up the last spoonful from his bowl.

"Again?" she responded with a scowl. "What is it about that place that you enjoy so much? I don't understand."

"I don't know," he said. "I just like old things, I guess. You know that I'm a history buff. There is something about those old games that makes me feel connected with those old times."

"But you can play those games here," she reminded him.

"I know. I just like getting out every once in a while."

She scanned his expression for a moment, cocking her head to the side and squinting her eyes. "Okay, fine," she said, "but be home by eleven."

***

Jason entered the dilapidated building and was immediately deluged by the sound of electronic beeps and buzzes. He strode past rows of machines: old pinball machines, ancient electronic games with primitive pixilated graphics, buttons and joysticks, and games played on table tops.

He moved past a row of electronic games that simulated auto driving. It was difficult for him to envision a time when people piloted their own vehicles, but those types of games were his favorite. As he moved toward the end of the row, he spotted a young boy attempting to play the auto game. On the screen, the boy's car crashed into walls and other vehicles repeatedly, and then stalled in the middle of the virtual road. Jason smiled, remembering the times when the academy would take him and his classmates on field trips. It was during one of those outings that he discovered this arcade.

"Here, let me show you," he said. He placed a token in the game next to the boy's, and pressed a button to start. He pushed the gas pedal to the floor and navigated through the virtual streets with ease and dexterity. Beside him, the boy watched in excitement and awe. When the game ended, Jason turned to the boy with a smile.

"How do you do that?" the boy asked.

"Practice," Jason responded. "Hours and hours of practice."

Rising from his seat, he moved past the machines to the back of the room. He continued down a darkened hallway and descended a flight of stairs. At the door at the bottom of the stairs, he pressed a button. A red laser emitted from a spot on the wall next to the door, expanding into a full grid that covered his body from head to toe. Jason stood motionless for a moment while the laser completed its scan.

A small door opened to his right, and he removed the device from around his ear and placed it in the box. The door made a clicking sound, and Jason opened it and strode into the dimly-lit room beyond. Several small tables were situated around the floor, with only a handful of them occupied. He proceeded to his left and took a seat at the bar along the wall.

"Jason!" the bartender said with a smile. "It's good to see you!"

"Good to see you, Arlo," Jason responded. "How's business?"

"Well, you know how it goes," Arlo said. "I wake up, I do my job, and if I'm lucky I get to do it all over again the next day."

"I hear you," Jason laughed.

Arlo rubbed his hands together in dramatic fashion. "So, what do you have for me this time?"

Jason gave him a sly grin and reached into his jacket pocket, producing a compressed roll of toilet paper. He handed it across the bar, and Arlo snatched it from his hand.

"Just what I needed," Arlo said with a wink. "How did you know?"

"I've been coming here since I was a kid," Jason responded. "I think I know you well enough by now."
