 They departed at sunrise, and didn't arrive at Reardon's camp until dark. The enormity of the camp was far more impressive than Jason had envisioned, and the camp's amenities were equally impressive. They had running water, electricity, and an ample amount of food. There must have been more than three hundred people living in that camp, Jason figured, including men, women, and even children.

"How on earth has this camp survived without harassment from the State?" Jason asked in bewilderment.

"When the Second Revolution began," Reardon explained, "many of our most intelligent and most successful people fled the country. That is why the State built those walls. Your mother and father were smart enough to flee the country before restrictions were imposed. Others, like the people in this camp, went into hiding outside of the city. We have some of the best technological minds in the world living here: former military intelligence, hackers, information specialists, and former spies. The State has the firepower; we have the brains."

Jason was led to a small guest cottage, where he was able to wash off all of the blood, filth and dirt from the day before. He spent the day touring the various facilities of the camp, and meeting with one impressive person after another. What struck him most was the positive energy of the people at the camp, and their pride in the work they were doing. They were unlike any other people he had ever encountered.

It took a great deal of campaigning on his part, but in the end, he was able to convince Reardon and Elena to allow Kat to join them on their journey to the camp. Despite her betrayal, Jason couldn't help but feel a connection to her, and believed she deserved a second chance. Aside from a quiet "thank you," she didn't say a word throughout their long journey.

On their second night at the camp, Kat made her first appearance at dinner. She sat alone at a table and ate quietly while Jason, Elena and Reardon spoke with several members of the community.

"Penetrating the State's communications network is impossible without Nathan Locke," said an abnormally tall and beefy man the others called "Dozer."

"Why is it so important to hack into that network?" Jason asked. "I don't understand."

"Knowledge is power," Reardon explained. "The people living in that city are ignorant of everything that is happening outside of those walls. If we show them the truth, they will join our revolution, and the State will crumble from within."

"I think you overestimate the citizens," Jason said. "Many of them are content to live under State rule. They have everything they need: food, clothing, shelter, employment, health and safety. They don't particularly care if their lives are controlled in every way, and that millions of people are suffering in order to enable their lifestyles."

"You're right," Reardon said. "Many of them would not change their opinions of the State even if they knew the ugly truth. But I am willing to bet that many of them would. Did you know that during the First Revolution, roughly two out of every ten citizens were loyal and sympathetic to the British crown? Less than half of the citizens considered themselves to be patriots. The rest...well, they just didn't care either way, and preferred to remain neutral."

"If even half of the citizens in New Boston are patriots, that would be more than enough to capture the city," Dozer added.

"Why can't you just hack into the communications network? I've seen you do it before. The message that appeared during our Pledge of Allegiance came from you, didn't it?"

Dozer nodded. "That was me. And that was as far as I've been able to get. Just a few seconds and a brief text message. Without your father's expertise, there is no way to hack into the system from the outside."

Jason contemplated for a moment. "What about from the inside?"

"What do you mean?" Reardon asked.

"In the Communications building, there is a control room on the top floor," Jason explained. "If we had access to that room—"

"We'd have access to the entire communications grid," Dozer said.

"Yeah, but how would we get into that room?" Reardon asked.

"I used to work for Senator Hobbes," Jason said. "Maybe I can still use my credentials to get into that building. We would just need some way to get to the top floor."

"Your credentials?" Reardon laughed. "Jason...I hate to break the news to you, but you don't have credentials anymore. You're a wanted man now. You set foot in that building, you're a dead man. Besides, you would never have the authorization to get into that control room."

"Hobbes would." The soft voice interrupted their conversation from across the room. They all turned to face Kat. "The senator has access to the control room, doesn't he?"

Jason paused for a moment. "Yes, of course. Why?"

"I used to live in companion quarters," Kat explained as she moved toward their table. "I heard stories about Senator Hobbes. He developed quite a reputation among the companions."

"So?" Elena said, rolling her eyes.

"I think I know a way to get to the senator," Kat continued. "If you can get me to the senator, I can convince him to take me to the control room."

"Yeah, right," Elena scoffed. "I'm sure he'll just waltz you right in there."

"He will," Kat responded. "I assure you."

"Kat, it's too dangerous," Jason said. "You don't want to go anywhere near that man, trust me."

"Dozer," Kat said, "if I can get to that control room, could you walk me through the steps needed for you to hack into the system?"

Dozer chuckled. "Yeah, sure, I suppose so."

"Then it's settled," Kat said.

Jason rose from the table, grabbed Kat by the arm, and pulled her aside. "You can't do this," he whispered.

"I need to do this," she said. "I owe you." She turned to face the group. "I owe all of you."

"Then I say we let her do it," Elena said. "I'm willing to risk her life is she is. I don't see any better option."

"Let's say this plan works," Jason said, "and Kat is able to get us into the communications network, and we broadcast Reardon's message to every citizen in the city. Then what?"

Reardon smiled. "Then we put Governor Davis on trial for crimes against humanity."

Jason burst into laughter. He looked around the room, as if looking for someone to join him. "I'm sorry, but you can't be serious."

"Dead serious," Reardon responded calmly.

"And how do we possibly do that?" Jason asked. "We're outnumbered and outgunned. Hell, I would bet there are more weaponized drones flying around the city sky right this minute than there are people in this entire camp. We'll never get anywhere near the governor."

"Kat," Elena said, standing to her feet, "hand me your EMP device."

Kat reached into her pocket and produced the small handheld device, handing it to Elena. Elena examined it for a moment, and then handed it off to Dozer.

"Wow," Dozier said with an amused grin. "That really brings me back. Where did you get this?"

"When I escaped from State custody, I joined a small group of people in the city," Kat said, turning to Elena. "One of the members of that group carried this device, and I convinced him to give it to me."

"Convinced him?" Elena said, raising an eyebrow. Kat shrugged her shoulders. "You slut."

"I did what I had to do to survive," Kat said. "I found a safe hiding spot for it, just in case I would need it. Then, I got caught in the State's net, and...well, you know the rest of the story."

"Unfortunately," Elena said with a smirk.

"Okay, hold on," Jason interrupted. "What does this device have to do with Reardon's plan to take down the State?"

"This," Dozer said, holding the device proudly in the palm of his hand, "was a very early prototype that I developed many years ago. It's an EMP – or, to be precise, an explosively pumped flux compression generator. It generates a microwave frequency and converts it into a high-energy pulse that can knock out any electronic device, temporarily, within a twenty-five yard radius."

"I know," Jason said. "I've seen it in action."

"I've made quite a few modifications and improvements since this early model. I found a way to amplify the signal and expand the radius much wider, disabling electronics for a much longer period of time. We just attach one to a drone, fly it into the right spot, and...lights out."

"We don't need to arm ourselves more than the State," Elena said with a smile. "We simply need to disarm them, just as they disarmed us."

"Not all of us," Dozer reminded her with a wink. Jason flashed him a puzzled look.

"We've amassed a small stockpile of weapons, which the State overlooked when they confiscated all of the citizens' weapons," Elena explained. "These guns are really old, but they work just fine."

"The EMP won't disable the officers' weapons," Dozer added. "They'll lose their laser guidance systems, but they can switch to manual override."

"Shit, without those lasers doing all the work for them, I doubt any of those knuckle-draggers could hit a Dozer-sized target from twenty yards away," Elena said. "Once we take out those drones, along with their communications, surveillance, and laser guidance systems, we will still be heavily outgunned, but at least we'll have more of a fair fight."

"My friends, the Third Revolution will soon begin," Reardon said, "in the same place where the first one began. How poetic is that?"