 Kat stood in the elevator, fidgeting nervously with her skirt. "Dozer, are you sure he's expecting me?"

"I hacked into his calendar," said the voice in her earpiece. "You're all set."

The door of the elevator opened. Kat filled her lungs and slowly exhaled, and then strutted with confidence toward the secretary. Seated behind an ornate greeting counter, the secretary eyed Kat from head to toe and motioned for her to continue through to the main office.

"I'm heading in," Kat said as she strutted down the hallway toward the imposing doors.

"You need to remove your device," Jason reminded her. "Reconnect with us once you're in the control room. Good luck."

Kat removed her device, flattened her skirt, and took a deep breath before pulling open the doors. Senator Hobbes was seated at his desk at the opposite end of the spacious office. He wore a lascivious grin as he watched Kat close the doors behind her and saunter into the room. She stood on the lush Oriental carpet in the center of the room and stopped.

"You must be the new girl," Hobbes said, licking his lips.

On the inside, Kat felt as though she were on the precipice of a panic attack. Her heart raced, and her palms were clammy. She could feel a cold bead of sweat trickle from her underarm down her side. On the outside, she appeared calm and in control.

"Shut your mouth, you fat pig," she said.

His grin disappeared, and Hobbes rose from his chair and marched around to the front of his desk. He looked at her for a moment, and then bowed his head, casting his eyes to the floor.

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

Kat stood for a moment, motionless, gathering herself. Her black leather corset squeezed her breasts together, nearly pushing them over the top. She wore a tiny black leather skirt, and thigh-high boots with four inch heels. She carried a small handbag in one hand and a long riding crop in the other. She dropped the bag to the floor and approached him.

"You're a filthy little piggy, aren't you?" she said.

"Yes, ma'am," Hobbes said, remaining still, with his head bowed.

Kat slowly paced around him in a circle, slapping her riding crop against the palm of her gloved hand. "Drop your pants," she ordered.

Without hesitation, Hobbes immediately unbuckled and unzipped his pants and lowered them to the floor.

"The tighty whities, too," she said.

Hobbes dutifully lowered his underwear as well, leaving him standing naked from the waist down, his pants comically bundled at his feet. His pale member was barely visible below his protruding belly, but was growing fuller.

Kat stood before him and used the end of her crop to lightly slap against his genitals. "Pathetic," she hissed. "You're already getting excited, aren't you?"

"Yes, ma'am," he meekly responded.

"Turn around and put your hands and head on the desk," she ordered. Hobbes complied, his fat ass now grotesquely displayed before her. With a jarring sound, the crop whipped through the air and struck him, hard, across his left cheek, causing ripples of milky-white flesh and a groan through gritted teeth.

"You like that, don't you, pig?" she asked, gently rubbing the spot where the crop had struck.

"Yes, ma'am," he replied.

"Then you should thank me for it."

"Thank you, ma'am."

He received another hard slash of the riding crop across his other ass cheek, and he thanked her once more. Again and again the crop sliced through the air and landed with a loud smack, until both cheeks were covered with red welts. She continued her assault until she sensed he could not withstand any more punishment. She ordered him to turn around and stand before her.

She reached into her bag and produced a blindfold, securing it around his head. Next, she retrieved a set of transparent ties, which she used to secure his hands behind his back.

"What are you doing?" he asked. The words had barely escaped from his lips when he felt a hard slap across his face.

"You will not speak unless spoken to!" Kat hissed. She reached into her bag once more and forced a hard rubber ball into his mouth. The senator struggled in defiance, and received another hard slap across the face. He sniffled, and attempted to stand obedient and still.

Before reaching into her bag for the final time, Kat looked down at his small, hard, cock and flicked it a few times with her crop, laughing to herself.

"You like this, don't you, pig?" she said. All he could do was nod in response. "It takes a special kind of sick fuck to enjoy being humiliated and punished like this, doesn't it? Are you a sick fuck, pig?"

He nodded again, with enthusiasm. Mucus dripped from his nose and into the corner of his mouth, and he tried to spit it out.

"Not everyone likes being treated like a sick fucking pig," she continued, slapping his balls with her riding crop. "I don't. But I didn't have a choice. I was used by a sick, fat, fuck just like you, for a very long time. He tortured me so badly, I was hospitalized several times. He gave me scars that I carry to this day, inside and out. And there was nothing I could do about it."

The senator felt a device being clamped around his genitals. He struggled against it, and received another hard slap across the face that made him dizzy. He stumbled, and nearly fell over.

"I couldn't do anything about it," she continued, "until now."

Hobbes tried to speak, causing saliva to flow down his fleshy chin. Kat leaned in closer to hear him.

"I believe you asked if that is a cock cage secured around your tiny little package," she said. "It is, in a way. But this one is custom built."

She removed his blindfold, and he stared wide-eyed at her, and then noticed the small remote she was holding.

"Yes, this is a remote control device," she explained. "Want to know what it does?"

Hobbes shook his head feverishly, and attempted to bolt toward the door, hopping with his pants still wrapped around his ankles. Kat casually pressed a button on the device, and he instantly collapsed onto the floor, writhing in pain, screaming through the rubber ball jammed in his mouth.

"Feels like a kick in the nuts," she said, "or so I'm told. I wouldn't know, of course. They tell me it's like that, only several times more painful. I care not to imagine it."

Hobbes curled into a fetal position on his side, whimpering and pleading with his eyes.

"Here's the thing," she said, kneeling next to him on the floor. "That was only the lowest setting. At the highest setting, your balls will actually be squeezed so tightly, they'll pop like a couple of water balloons. I've never actually witnessed that, but I believe it. And there is another button here that will instantly castrate you. That's right, the whole thing. Cock and balls. Nasty, I know."

Hobbes gasped for breath, and his face turned red.

"I'm going to remove that ball in your mouth," she said, "and I swear to you, if you make a single sound or alert anyone to what is happening, you can say good-bye to the family jewels. Nod if you understand."

He nodded furiously, and she removed the ball, causing him to choke and cough.

"Stand up," she said. He stood, and she raised his underwear and pants, keeping the cage device secure and hidden. "You're going to take me to the control room," she stated calmly. "And you're going to get me inside. If you alert anyone, I press that button. If you refuse, I press that button."

She took a handkerchief from his breast pocket, wiped his nose, and fixed his hair. "Are we clear?"

"I don't know what you think you're doing," he said, "but you're a dead woman."

She slapped him again, and he stumbled backward. "I said, are we clear?" He nodded in response. "Good, then let's go."

The senator's secretary said not a word as they passed her and walked toward the elevator. She had learned long ago not to question the senator, especially when it came to his private activities. Kat pressed the button for the top floor, and when the elevator reached the top, they were greeted by an armed guard who stood outside of the control room.

"Senator," the guard said, standing at attention.

"I...I need to get into the control room," Hobbes said, a bead of sweat cascading down his forehead.

The guard looked at the senator, and then at Kat. "Is everything okay, Senator?"

"Did you not hear what I said?" Hobbes shouted, his face turning red. "Just let us into the room. Now."

The guard hesitated for a moment, assessing the situation. He looked at Kat, and she smiled at him sweetly. The guard stepped aside and allowed Hobbes to approach the door of the control room, which opened upon recognizing the senator's credentials.

Once inside, Kat wore her information device. "Dozer" she said, "I'm in."

She pushed the senator to a corner of the room and held her remote control aloft as a reminder. She then sat at one of the consoles and began entering commands into a portal. The senator watched with curiosity as time passed. At last, she seemed to wrap up whatever it was she was doing and returned to the senator.

"Time to go," she said.

"Good work, Kat," Dozer said through her earpiece. "You have ten minutes to get out of that building. Once that message begins, they will go to lockdown."

"Copy that," she responded. "I just have to get the senator back to his office, or it will raise suspicion."

"Then do it," Dozer said, "quickly."

The door opened, and they walked past the guard. They were only a few steps away from the elevator when she heard a voice behind her.

"Citizen, stop right there!" the guard shouted, marching toward them at a brisk pace, with a hand poised over his weapon.

Kat looked at the senator, and then to the guard. "Is there a problem?"

"Your device," the guard said, motioning toward her ear. Kat's heart raced.

"Oh, yes," she said, removing it quickly. "Sorry, I forgot about that."

Her hands shaking, she nervously folded the device and struggled to get it into the pocket of her tight-fitting skirt. As she did so, the guard looked at the senator, who motioned with his eyes toward Kat's left hand. In one swift motion, the guard attempted to snatch the remote control from her hand. As they struggled, Hobbes collapsed onto the floor, screaming in agony.

Landing an elbow to the side of her head, the guard finally wrested the device from her hand. He drew his weapon and pointed it at her head, resulting in a small red cross illuminating on her forehead.

"Senator Hobbes has a very strict policy against information devices in his presence," the guard said. "Everyone knows that."

"Take her to the prison," Hobbes shouted from the floor. He looked at Kat with bloodshot eyes. "Your death will not come quickly, I promise you."