 Julia looked at the report in front of her. The ramifications of it were incredible, and could help the Federation gain an advantage in the unspoken race war that still continued to this day. Sure, in the fifteen years since its creation, law and the edicts of the Order of Unity had attempted to promote harmony between the spiritkin and humans, but few humans would ever truly accept the fact that they were no longer the dominant species on Earth. And, as more and more studies had been proving the spiritkin were slowly growing in number faster than humans. In the highest echelons of science a fact could not be denied. The human race were going extinct.

Amongst the spiritkin this was a victory, for in a couple of centuries, perhaps millennia if the humans were lucky, the spiritkin would be the only sentient inhabitants of Earth. This would not be due to war, famine or pestilence. No, they were simply being bred out. Julia knew why too, a large amount of women were letting spiritkin, namely wildkin, mate with them. As genetics were stronger from the father, the women were giving birth to more inhuman creatures.

"Filthy animals," Julia muttered to herself. Dr Julia Dawes was one of the eminent biologists in the Federation, and had a large team of scientists who worked for her company, Dawes Labs. She had grown up in wealth, pampered by her parents and had treated her wildkin servants as little more than slaves. In her mind, they were animals. Her father, also a biologist, had been the founder of Dawes Labs, dedicated to research into human longevity. Julia did share her father's passion, but she knew that a single person being long-lived mattered little in the grand scheme of things. What mattered was the species as a whole, and the continual evolution therein. Thinking about her father still made her a little sad, as he had passed six months ago.

What irked her was how robust a species the spiritkin were. Sure, most had latent magic in their blood that helped their bodies deal with Earth, but there was more to it than that. Their immune systems were stronger, they were faster, stronger and many had other advantages such as night-vision or claws. However, their biggest asset as a species had been their biggest secret until fifty years ago when the Treaty of Unity had attempted to broker peace between the new world powers.

Hermaphrodites.

There had been rumours for centuries that the spiritkin did not exist in a simple dual gender society as humans did. When the Treaty of Unity had been administered across the world, the spiritkin admitted that within their genetics existed the possibility of a third gender. Quickly many spiritkin that had been thought female were exposed as hermaphrodites, possessing both genders.

The human scientific society, even those within Juroch and Australasian Republic, had not delved into this matter, considering it an almost taboo subject. The spiritkin themselves did not research it, or at least hid the results from the general public, and many human scientists were offended by the idea.

Julia knew better though. Hermaphroditism had existed in nature well and truly before Convergence, and many feral species still had signs of it, like the cephalopods. It would only make sense that anthropomorphic beasts would exhibit the same properties. But that was not why the report had her attention.

The report had been stolen from Flemria, where science was conducted in utmost secrecy so as not to fall in the hands of other nations unless the dragons who ruled there willed it. Except this report. Her colleague, a human, had found it, and knowing the significance, had emailed it to a secure server and made sure to let Julia know. She had not heard from Dr Selina King since and Julia doubted she would hear from her colleague, an old sorority sister no less, again.

While she mourned the possible death, or worse, of Dr King, Julia could not let that stop her wonder at the report. It was a scientific report on the biology of and social effects of spiritkin hermaphrodites. And the results were at the same time amazing and terrifying.

Biologically speaking, hermaphrodites came in two variants, dubbed by the report to be matrons and maidens. 

Matrons, according to the report, were the far more publicly visible of the two variants, and often were of a larger frame, with more muscle in their build. They possessed a quick mind and often inhuman strength, though most did not use such strength. Physically, they often sported larger mammaries and their penis was quite often larger than the male equivalent of their species. Testicle size depended on their exact species as well. What was noted was that most had never had children, and tests concluded low ova fertility. However, tests on the spermatozoa concluded high fertility. 

This was in contrast to the maidens, who appeared little different from the average female of their particular species, barring a larger than average bust. Often maidens were of a higher intelligence, though lacked any extra muscle mass or physical endurance. As stated before, they often sported larger breasts than their female counterparts, but suffered in the male appendage, most only sporting the average length and girth as a male of their species. As for fertility, they were almost a reverse of the matrons, with low spermatozoa count but a large amount of ova, and many having being mothers to twins or litters, even if their species did not often have such large amounts of young.

The report then went into how these two variants interacted with society, and this troubled Julia deeply.

Matrons, the report begun, are obviously the more dominant of the two variants, despite on average their population counts being roughly equal. Their size, attributes and general manner often leads them to being an alpha of any group they are in. 

Amongst other hermaphrodites, they are known to always be friendly and typically should two matrons be in the same social circle, they treat each other with equality that can only be called comradeship. However, they often treat maidens as children, and in some of the subspecies, typically canines, matrons are often pack leaders with a pack of maidens. 

In their dealings with males, matrons tend to look down on the typically dominant gender, as due to their attributes, they are, biologically speaking, superior. This is not to say that males and matrons can not interact, but often matrons will seek a higher position. In terms of mateship, should a male mate with a matron, the male often takes the role of the submissive, and many take great measures to please their matron mate. Maidens, however, see males a equals, and socially many are good friends with little tension. Sexually, when males and maidens choose to mate, maidens often take on a more submissive role in the relationship.

It is the dealings of females and hermaphrodites that demonstrates the true place of hermaphrodites within spiritkin society. Matrons, the more dominant of the two variants, treat women with a condescending attitude that many would find rude. However, social studies have indicated that females tend to gravitate towards matrons, despite, or perhaps because of this treatment. What is more interesting, is like their treatment of the maidens, matrons often create harems of sexual partners. Maidens, however, see females are pure equals. Their treatment seems almost like sisters when friendly, and is typical of female-to-female interaction across both spiritkin and humans.

Julia took a breath and read the rest of the report, the last part was the most important. The one thing the author had mentioned almost as an afterthought could mean the salvation of the human race. She smiled to herself. Fame, fortune and the knowledge of being the single most important biologist in human history within her reach. She picked up the phone on her desk and dialled the number for her secretary.

"Danielle? Could you arrange a meeting tomorrow for me and the other team leaders? Nine o'clock, no exceptions. And could you arrange a meeting for me and Mr Delacroix? As soon as possible. We have a new project that could change the world!"

The was a pause. "Mr Delacroix, doctor? But he's -"

"I know. Nevertheless, we will require his... unique services. Organise it Danielle."

"Yes, doctor."

Julia hung up the phone. Danielle had become more resistant to the needs of the labs recently and would need to learn not to disobey her superiors. Still, the girl was bright and had potential. Suddenly, Julia began to chuckle. Indeed, the secretary had perfect potential.

******

"Julia, your project, there have been some concerns over the legality of the test subjects."

The doctor yawned. It was a meeting with the shareholders. "Legality? I have signed waivers. And they're being well compensated, or at least they will be once the project is finished."

"Be that as it may, the test subjects will need to be released soon. Surely you have enough samples? We can't afford any bad publicity."

Julia placed a finger at her chin, her blue eyes wavering over the group. "The source subjects we can release next week. I have all I really need from them, and they know nothing of the project."

"And the others?" came the voice of a rather old looking man, her father's stooge most likely.

"We still require more tests. Even if we were to release the subjects tomorrow, health regulations would mean they would require more tests anyway before release. What I am doing is faster and better for them."

A short silence. "Can you agree there will be no more, incidents?"

Julia had the grace to blush. "New procedures have been put in place for security purposes. However, subject D-G4L and subjects D-G4L/F and D-G4L/C will be remaining in the labs. Due to the incident and the science we are performing, it is imperative we do not let them out into general populace until we find out just how this could change things."

A general murmur of consent and within ten minutes Julia was on her way back to the labs. It had been two long years since she had started this project. And she had made incredible headway. Project Venus it was called. And the aim? Julia smiled.

One of the subjects in the report she had read all those years ago had been about just how fertile hermaphrodite spiritkin were, and the genes behind it. Her goal had been simple, find a way to isolate the gene from spiritkin and introduce it into the human genome. The result of which was to create human hermaphrodites. This would hopefully address the population issues.

The plan had been to use the genome from primate wildkin and introduce it into embryo's in the lab. However, during their studies of the genome, obtained from DNA samples from many spiritkin, they had uncovered a startling truth. This gene had never existed naturally. Using modern instruments they could see the genome was crafted using what was most likely magic. This shocked Julia, for it meant that at some point the beasts had come across someone like her. At first she was furious, as this meant she was not creating a new science, but rather using someone else's.

Still, she thought, no one else had to know this. But it did offer their research a new avenue, as due to its magical nature, the gene could be enchanted. While magic was illegal in the Federation, Julia was able to convince them to give her special permit, and she was able to create the serum that could change the world. 

Dubbed in the lab as "Instant Dickgirl" the serum was an inoculation that retroactively altered someone's DNA, and within months they would mutate from a male or female to a hermaphrodite. Julia had loved that idea, as it would be easy to market. It would make her company millions if sold right.

But while Julia had what she wanted, the serum that could help put humans on equal footing as the spiritkin, there was always the clinical tests.

She had organised four hundred patients, equal numbers human and spiritkin and equal numbers male and female, to be administered the serum. However, half of the patients received a placebo, as a control group.

As was expected the control group showed no signs of change, and were released shortly into the experiment, well paid and none knowing what the experiment had really been about.

The second group was what concerned her. The serum had worked. Now all the remaining test subjects fully changed, their former bodies now hermaphroditic. Even the spiritkin had changed. On all those factors, the serum had been a resounding success. Except for one or two things.

The serum did not just alter a person's body, it also altered their mind, many forgetting their past, or if they did remember it, they simply did not care. The spiritkin had reacted the best to the serum, with fast mutations into their new selves. Many reacted as typical hermaphrodites of their species and type. This was a scientific success, as there were no adverse affects, barring the supposed memory loss. The humans had not reacted so well.

Despite numerous tests, humans were different in their biology to the spiritkin , and this resulted in a slight difference in the hermaphrodites formed from the human test subjects.

The first difference between spiritkin and human hermaphrodites is in their variants. As Julia had discovered, humans did not have the variants at all, an interesting scientific curiosity. Julia suspect this was due to base differences in both biology and psychology between spiritkin and humans. All human test subjects inoculated with the serum had turned into matrons, unlike the spiritkin , who had mutated in equal amounts.

That quirk aside, further tests had been performed on the new hermaphrodites, which led to further discrepancies between the groups. Blood, urine, faecal, ova and seminal fluids had been tested and compared to the naturally occurring herms within spiritkin society. Well, naturally enough, Julia had admitted, still wondering who had originally introduced the hermaphroditic strain into the beasts. 

A quirk of the human hermaphrodites was their ova count was the same as any maiden, yet they retained the same spermatozoa count on average compared to a matron. This did explain why humans had only been turned into matrons, as human matrons appeared to serve the same biological function as both maidens and matrons. Julia was thrilled with this as this meant her long term goal, an increase in human population, was definitely feasible.

However, other factors had left her somewhat concerned. 

Unlike the spiritkin , the human hermaphrodites looked on all others with an almost primal contempt, though Julia was sure this was a result of the change in hormones and loss of memory. No doubt the herms would require socialisation training.

On top of that the human hermaphrodites had two strange biological quirks. The first was a pheromone they exuded. This pheromone had an effect on females, and maiden spiritkin. Julia blushed as the memory of when it was first discovered flowed through her head. A warm scent like cinnamon, the scent drove those susceptible to distraction, and wanton lust. At first no one had been paying attention to it, but when Julia had fingered her clit to climax in the lockers while she tongue fucked another lab assistant she had been forced to concede that perhaps there was something else at work, since Julia rarely, if ever, found the company of women all that enticing. A quick air analysis confirmed her thoughts, and now female lab assistants had to wear rebreathers when with the hermaphrodites. Luckily the strength of the pheromone varied on the hermaphrodite, and seemed only to be truly potent when in groups.

The second alarming thing was a chemical inside the seminal fluids of the human hermaphrodites. Large amounts of dihydroxyphenethylamine, commonly known as dopamine, had been found inside the seminal fluid, something completely different from the spiritkin , who did not exhibit this trait. By itself, it was merely a scientific curiosity, but combined with the pheromones and the primal attitudes of the new hermaphrodites, the lead biologist could only admit one thing. These herms would utterly dominate others, and in a sexual encounter they had the means to naturally drug any female around them. This was alarming.

Alarming and requiring proof.

Julia had not made the decision lightly, but she needed the proof that these new herms still required more testing before her serum went public. Her old secretary, Danielle had been the chosen test subject, and not knowing the effects of hermaphrodites had been sent to confirm the name of the hermaphroditic human known as Shirley Henderson, designated D-G4L. Julia had sat in her office, watching the security feed the entire time, quietly locking the door in the chamber, and ensuring no one had been in the lab at the time.

Danielle walked in, the sweet girl barely over twenty-four. She was the perfect image of a secretary, dressed in a business blouse and a matching navy blue skirt, cut well above the knee. her shoes, black high heels, clicked on the metal lab floor. She was nervous, the hermaphrodite was wearing only a patient garb and the bulge of her cock could clearly be seen. Julia smirked, wondering if Danielle ever let her blonde hair out of that ponytail.

"Ummm," began the secretary, "can I ask you your name?"

The hermaphrodite, a now imposing six foot woman with curves and muscles in delicate balance smiled, looking wicked as her pale skin was framed by auburn hair. "They call me D-G4L."

"Do you have any other names they call you? Or that you call yourself?"

The hermaphrodite seemed curious, stroking her chin. "I remember some of my past. It's odd, you know. I remember general things, but anything personal seems to elude me. Your colleagues have kept me abreast of world events though, and done me the courtesy of telling me what's going on."

"That was good of them. I don't know much about this project I'm afraid, other than the basics."

D-G4L raised an eyebrow. "You are not a scientist?"

"Me? No," came a giggled reply. "I'm Dr Julia's secretary."

"I'm afraid I have not seen this Dr Julia. Is he in charge of this lab? This project?"

Danielle shook her head in the negative. "Well, no and yes. Dr Julia is a woman, and she is in charge here, but has shareholders to answer to."

Julia watched, curious, this hermaphrodite was one of her more interesting ones, and had been the most potent in terms of the changes. She blushed, noticing the increase in stiffness under the patient garb.

D-G4L sat on her bed, seemingly wondering, then patted next to her. "Come sit with me, Miss Danielle, perhaps you can help me think."

Danielle looked to the door, then without a word stepped up the bed and sat next to the test subject. "How did you know I was single?"

D-G4L grinned. "No special talent. No ring on your hand. So no lucky person is bedding you?"

"It's called dating. I guess you don't remember what dating is, do you?"

"No. But I'm guessing it's a mating ritual."

"No! Well... I mean, well, yes. It is. But not like that. There is a romantic side to it."

"Ah, so that's what romance is. See, I think pleasure should be the real goal."

Julia watched, seeing Danielle's gaze move to the eight inch member fully erect under the gown.

"Pleasure the goal?"

With a slight movement, the hermaphrodite gently wrapped an arm around the secretary. "Of course. It is our function to procreate. Pleasure is the goal to achieve that, not this so-called dating. Imagine how wonderful it would be to just let yourself give in and be pleasured."

"I... well, that's not really important now. Do you remember your name?"

The test subject pretended not to hear. "Just imagine, dripping cum from a pussy, knowing new life is forming in that womb, soon to be swollen and milky breasts to suit. It's a wonderful thought, is it not?"
