 "We have to move in!" Jason shouted. "Now!"

"Not yet!" Reardon said. "We stick to the plan!"

Jason stepped forward, just inches from Reardon's face. "Fuck the plan," he said. "We need to get her out of there. We're only a block away. I can see the fucking building from here!"

"She'll be okay," Reardon said, gently pushing Jason away. "You heard what the senator said. We have time."

"You don't understand what those prisons are like!" Jason said.

"Of course I do! What, you think you're the only one here who has been imprisoned by the State? Step back, Jason, and let us do our work."

Jason stared him down. Every muscle in his body tensed, and his breathing was erratic. He marched over to a table and slammed his fist on top of it, sending its contents flying into the air.

"You want to contain your little pet?" Zack said, looking at Elena from the corner of his eye.

Elena watched as Jason slumped to the floor with his back against a wall, his face a shade of crimson. She couldn't comprehend what it was about that woman that made him act so foolishly.

"Five minutes," Dozer noted, peering into a display.

"Where are we with the drone?" Reardon asked, turning to Zack.

"ETA in fifteen minutes," Zack responded, his jaw muscles flexing as he chewed a substance of some kind.

"Team Charlie?" Reardon said into his device.

"We are in position outside of the north gate," came the reply. "Waiting for go."

"Team Delta?" Reardon said.

"In position," another voice responded. "Waiting for go."

Precisely five minutes since Zack's report, an image appeared on Jason's information device. He noted that it was a familiar text message: "Freedom is never volunteered by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed." He turned to Reardon, who turned toward him and smiled.

"Martin Luther King," Reardon noted, grinning from ear to ear. "I just love those old quotes."

The image was replaced with a video of Reardon, standing in front an unusual flag with red and white horizontal stripes and a square of blue in the upper left corner, filled with rows of white stars.

"My name is John Reardon," he said in his recorded video message, "and I have an important message for every citizen in this city."

As the message continued, Jason went to a window and carefully peered outside. Everywhere he looked, citizens were standing in the middle of the streets, on sidewalks, and in long lines, completely still, hanging on every word. Every information display surrounding the city played the same image, simultaneously, as armed officers shouted into their headsets and attempted to force the citizens to remove their personal information devices.

The video showed footage from drones outside the city walls, and images of the horrors from the labor camps, prison camps and birthing camps flashed on every display. The expressions of terror and disgust on the faces of the citizens were a sign that the veil had been lifted, and their eyes had been opened to the reality of State rule.

Next, they were shown video footage of the lavish accommodations of senators and State bureaucrats, interlaced with footage of citizens being beaten in the streets and killed in cold blood by officers of the State, all overlaid with a voiceover message from Reardon.

"Liberty cannot be preserved without knowledge among the people," Reardon said in his message. "Knowledge is power. I have given you the knowledge. What happens next is up to you. A man named Abraham Lincoln once said, 'America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.' We gave away our freedoms by allowing the State to take it from us. Now, it is time for us – the people – to take it back."

The image on Jason's device faded to black, and he returned his focus to the streets outside. People huddled together in groups and chatted with excited gestures while officers attempted to break them apart and move them along.

"Drone?" Reardon asked.

"Coming into position," Zack announced.

Reardon surveyed the team, each of whom was carrying a rifle and handgun. Several of them were checking and double-checking their weapons and ammo.

"Is everyone ready?" he asked. One by one, each member of the team nodded in assent. "Remember, our greatest advantage is the element of surprise. They won't know what hit them until it's too late."

"Fuck yeah!" Dozer shouted, slapping an ammo cartridge into its chamber.

"Team Charlie will secure the gate and clear our escape route," Reardon reminded them. "Team Delta will draw the governor to the safe room, as we rehearsed. We have been working toward this moment for years .Be smart. And show no mercy."

"Drone is in position," Zack announced.

"Fire it up," Reardon ordered.

A low-toned reverberation shook the building. The images and readouts in Jason's PID disappeared, and the streets instantly fell into an eerie silence. Then, the first crash was heard, just outside their building's entrance. Jason looked out the window and saw drone after drone crashing to the streets with a deafening sound. The citizens screamed and scrambled for cover. Some were less lucky than others, and were hit by falling drones, sending them to the street in pools of blood.

"Wait..." Reardon calmly ordered.

The crashes continued as drones rained down from the sky, one after another, shattering in the streets, on rooftops, and along the sides of buildings. Panicked citizens ran for their lives, glancing over the shoulders toward the sky. A couple of citizens picked up a trash can from the street corner and hurled it through a large window. People began climbing through the shards of glass to escape from the falling debris.

An officer ran to the scene of the shattered window and pointed his weapon at a young man who was attempting to enter the building. The officer hesitated for a moment, and then checked his weapon, allowing the man to escape into the building, just moments before a drone struck the officer along the side of his helmet, sending him sprawling along the pavement.

"Now!" Reardon shouted. He led the group through the door and into the streets, walking quickly, but calmly, toward the State Office. They advanced to the front door of the building, where Reardon efficiently disposed of two guards standing at the entrance with two clean shots to the head. While he continued into the building, Elena gathered the weapons from both guards and hurried to catch up to him.

She swiveled her head in every direction, and then stopped and looked behind her, with an expression of panic.

"Jason?" she yelled. He was nowhere in sight.

***

"What the fuck is going on?" said the man with the nametag reading, "Stevens."

"I don't have a goddamned clue," said the other man, wearing the nametag "Hatcher."

They were surrounded in darkness, with the exceptions of the dim green lights emanating from the small instruments they held. Hatcher checked the floor to his right. The woman, lying on her side, naked, battered and bruised, hadn't moved since the lights went out.

"What do we do?" he asked.

"Our orders were to wait for the senator," Stevens responded. "He said he wanted to interrogate this one himself. So we wait."

"Who is she?"

"I don't know. But did you notice? She looks different now."

Hatcher kneeled on the floor next to the woman and shined his light on her face. It was swollen and bloody, but Stevens was right. She looked completely different than she did when they brought her into the room.

He was studying her face intently when he heard a loud thud and a groan behind him. He wheeled around and was instantly knocked out by a powerful blow to the bridge of his nose.

Another dim green light illuminated, and Jason's face emerged from the darkness, holding his rifle from the barrel end. He kneeled next to Kat and checked her pulse. She leaped at his touch, and made a move for his rifle.

"Kat, it's me!" he shouted. It took a moment for her to register what was happening. When she did, she threw her arms around his shoulders and wept.

"It's okay," he said softly. "I'm getting you out of here." He embraced her for a moment longer, gently caressing her hair as she continued to sob with her face pressed against his shoulder. "Are you okay?" he asked. "Can you walk?"

"I...I don't know," she responded.

Jason helped her to her feet, and she nearly collapsed under her own weight. Even in the dim light, he could see she was in bad shape.

"I can do it," she said, wrapping her arm around his shoulder and hobbling on one foot. "Let's get out of here."

"This way," he said, leading her toward the door.

"Wait, please!" a voice croaked.

Jason turned toward the voice and shined his light on one of the cell doors. A pair of eyes peered at him through the slits in the door. Jason recognized those haunting dark eyes immediately.

"Just wait here for a minute," he said, leaning Kat against the door. He approached one of the officers lying on the floor and searched his pockets until he found the key. He unlocked the cell door, and the young man stumbled through it, looking pale and emaciated.

"Thank you," the young man said.

Jason nodded and returned to Kat. He led her through the door and down the hallway, to the small shower area. He searched through the lockers until he found a set of clothes, which he helped Kat to wear. They made their way down the darkened corridor, one of them practically carrying the other.

***

"Franklin, you're up," Reardon said as they reached the large metal door. A man with long, greasy black hair and a face covered with stubble approached the door with a large duffle bag. He worked quickly, setting charges on the door along several pressure points, and connecting them with wires.

Elena watched with curiosity as Franklin made his final connection, and then checked each one with meticulous care. She glanced at Reardon, who seemed almost giddy with excitement. Behind them, the hallway had been cleared of State officers and guards in an incredibly efficient manner. They had rehearsed this scenario countless times, and their plan was being executed flawlessly. It was almost too good to be true.

Franklin turned around and unspooled a long strand of wire. As he did so, Reardon motioned for the rest of the team to take cover around the corner. On Reardon's signal, Franklin detonated the device, and the thunderous explosion rocked the walls and floors. Reardon leapt to his feet and signaled to his team. They entered the adjoining room and fired several rounds through the smoke and debris while Elena waited outside of the room, ensuring their escape route was clear.

Moments later, Reardon emerged with his rifle held in one arm, and Governor Davis in the other. Davis wore a tattered business suit and an expression of defiance. His hands were secured behind his back, and he walked with a limp.

"I don't know what you people think you're going to accomplish," Davis hissed, "but you will all pay for this with your lives. I promise you that."

"Yeah, well, we all know politicians don't keep their promises," Reardon quipped.

With practiced efficiency, they moved to the stairway, descended several flights, and proceeded down the main hallway toward the front exit of the building. With daylight in sight, they forged ahead at a rapid pace.

Suddenly, one of the women at the front of the group was struck in the head, and landed dead on the floor. The sound of gunfire echoed through the hallway. Another rebel was hit in the thigh, and collapsed on the spot.

"Take cover!" Reardon shouted, pushing the governor into a small nook along the hallway.

Screams of pain rang out from the back of their group, and several more members of the team collapsed on the spot. Blood splattered the walls and floor as the team huddled into cramped nooks at either side of the hallway.

"We're pinned down!" Elena shouted as bullets shredded the walls around them from both directions. "There's nowhere to go!"

***

"This way," Jason said, struggling to carry Kat's full weight around his shoulders as they shuffled down a back alley. "The rendezvous point is just ahead."

"Jason, wait," she said. "I...can't do this for much longer. I need to rest."

"It's only about six blocks," he said, pulling her forward. "You can do it."

"I can't," she said, pleading with her bright blue eyes.

Jason glanced quickly in both directions, and found a spot along the alley that was hidden from view. "We'll rest, but only for a little while. The other teams will be expecting us at the north gate by six o'clock." He checked the antique wristwatch Elena had given him.

"Why did you come back for me?" she asked, searching his expression. "After everything I did. Your father..."

"I'm to blame for my father's death as much as you are," he said.

"How can you say that?"

"I had a choice. I could have stayed with the State, and my father would still be alive. I put us both in danger."

"But I betrayed you."

"Yes, you did. And you still need to answer for that. But you made your decision because you thought that we would both be unharmed. You also thought my father would be safe. The State betrayed all of us."

Kat sat in silence for a moment. "You shouldn't have come back for me. You could have been killed."

"It was a risk I was willing to take," he said. "I couldn't stand the thought of losing you forever. I feel connected to you in a weird way."

"I feel the same," she said with a smile. "You know, in a weird way."

He looked into her eyes and remembered how he felt that first time he noticed how beautiful they were. "Back at the cabin, when we...had sex. You said it was purely physical. Did you mean that?"

Kat shook her head and smiled sweetly. He leaned in and kissed her, feeling that familiar jolt of adrenaline in his chest. "We have to go," he said.

He helped her to her feet and placed her arm around his shoulder, and together they slowly made their way along the alley. He turned to her with a grin and spoke once more.

"When all of this is over, we—"

A crippling blow at the back of his knees caused him to collapse to the pavement, bringing Kat tumbling along with him. He dropped his rifle, and quickly tried to pick it up, but it was kicked away by a large set of boots. Jason looked up, just in time to shield himself from a crushing blow from a baton. The swing caught him on the left forearm, causing such intense pain it felt as though his bone were broken.

He scrambled quickly away from his attacker and managed to stand and face him. That is when he recognized the familiar scar spanning from his assailant's left eye to the corner of his mouth.

"Cheka," Jason said.

Cheka smiled. "You remember? How sweet."

***

Elena blindly fired her weapon from around a corner and miraculously dodged the return fire from both directions. She checked her ammo, and then looked at Reardon. He gave her a look of stubborn determination. They were pinned down from both sides of the hallway, with no backup on the way to come to their rescue, and yet he acted as though he had the State right where he wanted them.

Suddenly, the gunfire ceased from both ends of the hallway, and a man's voice resounded from the rear of the building.

"John Reardon!"

Reardon smiled at Elena. "Good guess!" he shouted.

"Mr. Reardon, I am Captain Moore of the Governor's Security Force. You are aware that you are fighting a losing battle."

"Not from where I'm sitting," Reardon responded.

The captain laughed. "And how so?"

"Because I'm sitting next to your governor."

There was silence for a moment. "So you are," Moore responded. "And what do you intend to do with him?"

"Well," Reardon shouted, "it seems as though Plan A went out the window when you guys showed up. So now we're on to Plan B."

"And what would that be?"

"A trade," Reardon said. "Your men put down their weapons and step aside. We walk out that front door. And you get your governor, safe and sound."

The captain seemed to pause to consider the offer. "And if I reject that offer?"

"Then we all die, and some of you die. And your governor will be the first to go."

Elena looked at Reardon with concern, and he nodded in assurance.

"Well, that seems like a very reasonable offer, Mr. Reardon," said the captain.

"Then tell your men to drop their weapons," Reardon shouted.

"Our men at the front entrance will drop their weapons and clear the way for you," Captain Moore responded, "but these men with me will not. We will not shoot, but we will not drop our weapons."

"No deal!" Reardon yelled.

"Don't be a fool," Moore answered. "If you think we're all going to drop our weapons and watch you walk out that door with the governor, you are sadly delusional."

"Take the deal," Elena whispered across the hallway. "We all live to fight another battle. You die, and this entire revolution dies with you," she said.

"The revolution is far bigger than one man," Reardon said. He looked at the governor, and then to Elena. "Okay, Moore, you have a deal."

The sound of weapons being placed on the floor echoed along the hallway toward the front of the building, and the officers disappeared from sight. Reardon grabbed the governor from behind, placing one arm around his neck, and pointing a handgun at his temple. He sidled into the hallway, holding the governor in front of him, and faced the rear of the building. He eyed the captain, who stood, stone-faced, flanked by several officers with weapons drawn and pointed in Reardon's direction.

Reardon motioned for the groups at either end of the hallway to proceed to the front door. One by one, they filtered into the hall, backing toward the front door with their weapons aimed at the group of officers. When the first of the group reached the front door, she carefully looked around the corner in both directions.

"All clear!" she yelled.

Elena was the last to reach the front exit.

"John, we're all clear!" she shouted. "Time to go!"

Reardon looked into the eyes of the captain and smiled. "I regret that I have but one life to give for my country," he said. The captain cocked his head to the side. Reardon pulled the trigger, instantly painting the hallway wall with the blood and brain tissue of the governor.

The regiment of officers fired in unison. Reardon was pummeled with a barrage of bullets, which ripped into his flesh. Elena shrieked, and fired her weapon wildly into the crowd at the other end of the building, striking one of the officers, who slumped to the floor. Before she could fire again, a hand grasped her by the collar and yanked her away from the doorway, just as the door frame shattered into tiny fragments.

***

Before he could speak again, Jason was hit with another hard blow to the rib cage, followed by a kick to the chest that sent him sprawling backward. He landed hard on the pavement, knocking the wind from his lungs. With a sinister grin, Cheka lurched toward him to deliver another crushing blow.

From behind, Kat wrapped her arm around Cheka's neck and squeezed with every ounce of strength she had. Cheka easily tossed her to the street like a ragdoll, hurling her into a brick wall. She landed face-down and lay limp and motionless.

With a bellow of rage, Jason sprang to his feet and sprinted at Cheka with his shoulders lowered. He hit him at full force, driving him backward into the wall with a hard thud. Cheka raised his elbow and brought it down on Jason's back, causing him to collapse onto all fours. Cheka's foot then caved in Jason's abdomen, sending him reeling backward.

Jason rolled over onto his back and faced Cheka, lying bloody and barely conscious on the hard asphalt. Cheka loomed over him with his baton in hand and straddled Jason's body. With a satisfied grin, he raised his baton high above his head.
