 Over the next several days, Jason and Kat spent their days fishing and hunting, and gathering water and wood. Jason took great pride in learning these new skills, and felt a genuine feeling of accomplishment knowing that they were supporting themselves without the oversight and guidance of the State, or anyone else for that matter. He savored the taste of real food and fresh water, and he enjoyed having human companionship and open conversations without worrying about who was listening, or who would be offended and file charges against him.

One night, after a filling dinner of fresh fish and rice, Jason gazed at Kat as she sat at the table, playing a game with a stack of paper cards. He watched as she took another card off the top of the stack and placed it on the table. Her deep blue eyes sparkled in the light of the lantern. She bit her bottom lip as she studied the layout of cards on the table. He watched as her delicate fingers lifted another card from the stack.

He studied the soft contours of her face, her flawless, olive-toned skin, and the dimples that would appear when she shaped her mouth in a certain way. He noticed the gentle curve of her neck, and felt the sudden, primitive urge to taste it and inhale its scent. His gaze fell to her collarbone, and then to the top of her breasts. She wore a loose-fitting top that exposed her cleavage whenever she moved in a certain way. The flickering light of the lantern made it appear as though her skin were glowing.

He felt an odd sensation in his chest and belly. It was both painful and pleasurable at the same time. And he felt a warm and tingling sensation in his penis, which he curiously discovered was fully erect. The urge for a physical release was overwhelming and all-consuming.

"Everything okay?" Kat said, snapping him out of his trance. He felt his face flush as he realized he was still staring at her.

"I—yes, I'm fine," he said.

She smiled sweetly. "Are you sure you don't want to play?"

"No...I mean, yes. I'm sure. I...I don't think I'm feeling well."

"Are you ill?"

"I'm not sure. I feel...strange. My stomach feels like it's fluttering. And...well ...my penis..."

He looked down at the bulge in his pants, and then at Kat, appearing almost frightened. She gave him a quizzical look.

"Let me ask you a question, Jason," she said. "You said you weren't born in the city. You were born naturally?"

"Yes, that's right."

"Then, that means that your genetics weren't engineered by the State."

"That's true, although I didn't learn that until recently."

She rose from the table and sat in the chair next to him, looking him in the eyes. "Do you know why the State began their genetic engineering program?"

"Well...what I learned at the Academy is that, through advancements in human genome mapping, the State found a way to eradicate most deadly diseases by modifying our DNA structure. This ensures a healthy population."

"That's true," she said, "but there is more. The State also has an interest in controlling the population. If the needs of the population exceed the supply, then higher rationing would result, and protests and riots would ensue. And if the population is too low, there would not be enough productive workers for the State."

"Yes," he responded, "I learned that before State-enforced birth control, there was a great threat of overpopulation in the cities."

"That is the State's version of the truth, yes. The fact is that it was in the State's best interests to have complete control of both the size and composition of the population. So they encouraged women to choose careers with the State over motherhood. Those who chose motherhood were portrayed as selfish, and encouraged to allow the State to raise their children from the earliest age possible, in order for the mother to return to work.

"The State began to regulate the act of sex itself, and explained that it was for the good of the community. Sex was portrayed as an act of physical violence and male oppression over women, and affirmative-consent laws were passed to protect women from their oppressors. But the definition of 'consent' was too ambiguous. Inevitably, all sexual contact was prohibited unless sanctioned by the State."

"Sex is a primitive act," Jason said. "It is no longer necessary in the modern world."

"It's also human nature," Kat responded, "and no law can negate human nature. Humans are naturally sexual beings, with primal sexual desires. The desire to procreate is innate in all living things. The survival of the species depends on it."

Jason thought for a moment, weighing her words. "Then how did the State solve this problem?"

"Genome mapping," she stated. "The gene that controls sexual desire was identified and isolated. A simple mutation of that gene removed natural libido from the human equation. All citizens born within the city are now genetically engineered with that mutated gene."

"I've never read this before."

"That's because you have only read what the State has wanted you to read. Once that genetic alteration was made, there was no longer a need for laws forbidding sexual activity or gender discrimination. Gender identity itself became a relic of the past. Without sexual desire, gender becomes irrelevant."

"Okay...but that still doesn't explain why I have never felt this desire. I was not born with that mutated gene."

"That's why I asked about your birth. It struck me as curious. Before that gene was identified, the State developed a drug to suppress libido, which they were testing on citizens. It proved less cost-effective than genetic alteration, but it was successful in controlling libido. My theory is that you have been given this drug on a regular basis for most of your life."

He wrestled with this theory for a moment before his expression illuminated. "My morning health drink. I haven't had it since we left the city. That explains..."

"Yes," she said with a smile. "My guess is that the effects of that drug wear off after a few days. These symptoms you're experiencing aren't an illness. It's sexual desire."

Her eyes drifted to his lap, and he reflexively covered himself.

"It's okay," she said with a smile. "What you're feeling is natural. A real, genuine, unaltered, human reaction and emotion. You should embrace it. It is real humanity!"

"It...it's embarrassing. I don't know why, but I feel ashamed."

"You shouldn't be. Not at all." She bit her bottom lip, and the dimples on her cheeks made a sudden appearance. "You know, I wouldn't mind if you needed me to take care of that urge for you."

His eyes widened, and his lips parted. "No, you...you don't have to do that."

"I know I don't have to," she said, "but I hate to see you suffer unnecessarily. It's nothing more than a physical act. I'd be happy to do it."

With that, she lowered herself to her knees and crawled over to his chair. She looked into his eyes as she reached for the zipper on his pants. She maintained eye contact as she tugged it down, looking for any sign of protest. She reached inside his zipper and freed his growing member.

She held it in her hand for a moment and squeezed, watching the shiny head grow even larger. She stroked her hand downward, and placed the head in her mouth. He groaned with pleasure and tilted his head back, running his fingers through her short, soft hair. She teased him, flicking her tongue along the underside of his shaft, before taking him into her mouth further, sliding her lips up and down at a slow and steady pace.

"Is this how you like it?" she asked, looking up at him with those gorgeous blue eyes.

It felt so different than he was used to. Kat's mouth was so soft and warm, and her actions were so unpredictable that it heightened his pleasure to a level he didn't know was possible. He simply nodded in response to her question, unable to speak. She smiled and continued her tantalizing technique. He began to feel that familiar warm and tingling sensation in his groin. Then suddenly, she stopped.

"Wh—why did you stop?" he whispered.

"Jason, I have to tell you something," she said, stroking him slowly with her fingers. "I was not born with the libido-suppressant gene, either. I was born for a specific purpose, and the State designed my genetics for that purpose. Because of that, I have desires just like you."

"What do you mean?" he asked, his voice cracking.

She stood and removed her pants, and then shimmied out of her panties as well. She took him by the hand and pulled him over to the bed. She lay on her back and pulled him on top of her, pressing her lips against his. He felt a rush of adrenaline, and pressed his lips into hers, sucking her bottom lip.

She reached down and grabbed his hard cock. He felt a warm wetness as she stroked his cock head along her vulva. She guided him to her opening, and he pushed forward, experiencing a sensation of exquisite pleasure unlike any he ever imagined. He began thrusting himself in and out of her. She spread her legs wider, and clawed at his back, moaning with ecstasy.

The sensation was overwhelming. His muscles tensed, and he thrust one final time and held himself there as he unleashed a torrent inside of her. He emitted a loud groan, and he held her tightly while she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him toward her. He remained in a frozen state of rapture for several moments before he collapsed on top of her, burying his head in her shoulder.

"That," he said, once he was able to catch his breath, "was different."

She smiled and kissed him softly. A look of panic suddenly came across his face.

"Did we just make a baby?" he asked.

She laughed. "No, don't worry," she said. "I had an injection less than a month ago."

He sighed in relief, and rolled off of her. He put his arm around her and pulled her close. "Thank you," he said.

"You don't have to thank me," she said with a giggle.

"Did you enjoy it as much as I did?" he asked.

"I don't think that's possible," she said with another laugh. "But I enjoyed it, yes. We'll have to work on lasting a little longer next time."

"Next time?" he asked, eliciting a giggle from her. 

They lay in silence, wrapped in a warm embrace.

"What did you mean when you said you were born with a specific purpose?"

There was a long pause before she responded. "I was a companion for a senator. I served him for many years before I was able to escape."

"A companion? I didn't know there were human companions."

"There are many things you don't know about the State, Jason."

"But what does that mean? How did you serve him?"

"I served him just as Cori served you. Only he was ruthless. He took great pleasure in torturing me. I was one of many companions in his employ. I lost count of how many others there were, and how many we lost. Many of them committed suicide. He specifically wanted companions whose libidos were not genetically suppressed. I think he got off on the sick idea that we enjoyed what he did to us."

He hugged her tightly. "I'm sorry, Kat. I didn't mean to provoke any bad memories. What we just did, I can imagine it must conjure up some of those memories."

"No, I learned long ago to consider sex as nothing more than a purely physical act," she explained. "I learned to close my eyes and extract the pleasure from the act without allowing emotions to interfere. It was the only way I was able to endure that time in my life."

***

Jason awoke the following morning still holding Kat in his arms. Her warm, naked flesh fit perfectly into the contours of his body. He ran his hand along her smooth, warm skin, from her shoulders, down her back, plunging down the curve of her lower back and up along her hip, and then down again along her thigh. He kissed the back of her neck and pressed his fully-engorged cock against her buttocks. She responded with a soft moan.

"Again?" she whispered. He continued to stroke his hand along the length of her body, cupping his hand on her ass and squeezing gently.

She rose to her hands and knees beside him. "Get behind me," she said, pulling him in that direction. She reached beneath her and guided him inside her warm, wet cunt. He slid easily inside her, and squeezed her firm, round ass. He watched with fascination as his glistening cock slid in and out of her.

"Harder," she ordered. He thrust himself inside her faster and more forcefully, afraid at first that he would injure her. She moaned loudly, prompting him to increase his pace even further. The serene quiet of the morning was replaced by the sound of slapping flesh and animalistic grunts and moans.

"Don't stop!" she screamed. He could feel his pleasure swelling beyond his control, but he continued to thrust harder and faster. She moaned loudly, and he followed closely behind. He gave a few more thrusts before collapsing beside her, exhausted and glistening with sweat. He opened his eyes and turned to her. And that is when he noticed Elena standing in the doorway.

"Well," Elena said with a wry grin, "that was interesting."