 Fifty battle seasoned Gleaon warriors enter the forbidden pass. The pass had high vertical walls on each side and was narrow. Three men could barely walk side by side in most places. A mile or so in, the pass widened to a hundred yards. Standing in the middle of this open area were three black cloak shrouded figures.

The Gleaon warriors fanned out to surround them. As they did, the three dark figures formed a triangle with their backs to the center and three long two handed swords appeared from under the cloaks. 

The edges of the swords were rippled, not straight, and glowed with golden color. The blades were incredibly thin, almost delicate looking. The way the black-cloaked figures twirled the swords and made the blades sing, looked anything but delicate.

"Return from whence you came," came from one of the figures. The voice was deep but not very masculine.

"And if we don't?" The Captain of the guard asked.

"Then you shall die." 

"Three against fifty? It is more likely that you will die." The Captain replied with a wolfish grin.

When there was no reply in return, he drew his heavy broadsword. His men did likewise. What happened next, took him and his men by total surprise. The three figures attacked in a lightening quick charge and retreat. Nine men lay dead.

"Bullshit!" The Captain yelled, "Kill these fools.

Forty-one attacked, only four lived to retreat, back the way they came. Forty-six bodies littered the dust of the pass, their dark red blood staining the brown dirt black. The three figures still stood in their triangle. 

The triangle had shifted one direction and then the other in perfect unison. As it moved, men died, the thin deadly swords cleaving limbs from bodies and heads from necks. The cloaked figures duck and dodge as they dealt out death.

Now they stood with swords grounded point first, blood draining to the ground. The tattered black cloaks opened slowly and were shrugged off to be draped across an arm. Three muscular, mostly nude women now stood on the field of battle.

One was blonde, one was redheaded, and the last was a brunette, Faith, Fury, and Compassion. Black thigh high boots, a black corset, and long black gloves were all they wore. A scabbard for their swords hung on their right hips, a wide black belt circled their hips.

Scratches, nicks, and shallow cuts bleed a bright red on all three white bodies. As one, they turned and picked their way through the carnage to an open area by a large flat rock shelf. They laid cloaks, swords, and scabbards down there.

Without a word, they began to lick the blood off each other. As they did, the nicks, and scratches disappeared. The cuts took longer and a more concentrated effort but they too disappeared.

One cut on Faith's right butt cheek took longer than all the rest. The brunette squatted behind her, licking at the cut starting at the back of her thigh and working upward. The blonde leaned forward and sighed from time to time.

With a grin, the redhead knelt in front of the blonde and licked at the thin wispy tuft of hair on her mound. The blonde leaned over farther and then cocked her head to the side questioningly.

"I didn't get cut there, did I?" Faith asked.

"No you didn't. Let's call it a distraction, shall we." Fury replied before she flicked the tip of her tongue against the blonde's distended clit.

Faith gasped softly as a quiver ran up her spine. "Yes, a distraction," she whispered, a corresponding quiver in her voice. "But we are not supposed...." 

Whatever else, she was going to say died in a soft gasping moan as the redheads tongue took up a slow rhythm back and forth across Faith's clit. The blonde's hands found Fury's shoulder and she used them to steady her trembling knees.

When Faith's hips jerked, the brunette, Compassion, sighed, and in a gruff voice said, "You two behave so I can heal this right. Otherwise our Miss Faith will have one ugly scar."

Fury lifted her head and grinned at Compassion around Faith's hip. "That's to pretty an ass to have any kind of a scar on it."

Compassion nodded. "Tell me about it, and tasty too."

"You should try this side, it's as close to honey as anyone I've ever tasted."

"Let me get this cut healed and I'll join you. I could use a little refreshment."

A few minutes later, Faith was laid out on the cloaks, on the rock shelf with Fury in her pussy and Compassion riding her face.