 The train ride through Virginia was uneventful until Scott reached a station in Richmond. He needed to find a train bound for Miami, or anywhere close. It'd been days since Scott had left town and he did feel a little bad about what he'd done. No self-respecting man takes a girl's virginity and skips town. "I'm not even supposed to exist so why not have some good times," He thought, "these girls will never find me once I'm gone and I can live like a celebrity with all this money." 

Scott had chosen Miami because it was as far away from his hometown in New York State as he could get, that way he didn't accidentally change his own future. The train ride from Richmond to Miami would take about four days due to the limitations of 50s technology. Once settled in his cabin, Scott spent all day reading any newspapers and magazines he could find to adjust to this time period. Sputnik had launched, Eisenhower was president, and society mourned Humphrey Bogart. 

When Scott went for dinner, it was almost dark. There were very few people in the dining car, but there was one young blonde at the bar, alone. Scott had decided long before he stole the money that he could do as he pleased and live with it, so he went and sat at the bar next to this girl. She didn't notice Scott until he decided to ask her name. She looked at him and smiled. "Carol," she said. She had on a white jacket over her blue plaid dress which, according to one of the many magazines Scott had read, was the height of fashion for young girls. 

"Scott," he said, "mind if I buy you a drink?"

"I'm fine, thanks, but I could use some music," Carol replied. Scott handed her a dime for the jukebox in the corner. As she leaned over it looking for a song, Scott could see the shape of her body. She had curves like a model and walked like she knew it. "I hope you like rock 'n roll," Carol said when she returned to the bar.

"Nothing like it," Scott replied. 

"Really, who's your favorite, then?" She asked.

"I've got a few, but my favorite would have to be Buddy Holley."

"Yea, it's terrible what happened to him. It's been two years and I still can't believe he's gone" She said. Scott knew about Buddy Holley and how much people loved him. He'd changed music forever only to be killed in a plane crash.

"As long as there's a record of him, no one's going to forget him," he said.

"I guess not. So, where are you headed?" Carol asked.

"Somewhere with a beach, I think."

"A beach would be nice, but I'm headed to Atlanta."

"Mind if I ask why?"

"I'm making a record, my second actually."

"That explains why you asked me about music."

"It's my life so I take music seriously."

"You know, I have a record player in my cabin," Scott said.

"Really?" Carol asked

"I could ask you to dance if there was music here," he replied. The jukebox had been silent for a long time now. 

"I'd like to dance with you."

"Then follow me."

The cabin Scott was in was sound deadened so he and carol were free to play all the music they wanted. They danced to every song they had, until Carol sat down on the bed to rest. Scott sat down next to her, equally exhausted. "There's still one more song," Scott said.

"Is it slow?" Carol asked. 

"Slow enough" Scott said. He helped her up and they danced nice and slow. Carol rested her head on Scott's shoulder and he kissed her. She looked up at him and they kissed again. They kept kissing until the song ended. Scott pulled Carol down onto the bed and they lay there kissing. Carol began kissing him with more and more passion so Scott reached around and grabbed Carol's ass. She moaned quietly and started to unbutton Scott's shirt. Carol's jacket had been long discarded, so Scott pulled down the top of Carol's dress and kissed her tits. Carol moaned louder as her nipples hardened. 

"Take this off," Scott said. Carol slowly pulled her dress off and slid her hand down her panties. She rubbed her clit, then pulled her hand out and licked her fingers. She pulled off her panties and jumped back onto Scott.

"How bad do you want me?" She asked seductively.

"Too damn bad," Scott replied. He pulled Carol in closer and kissed her cleavage. Carol pulled out Scott's cock and slid it slowly into her wet pussy.

She was very wet and Scott's cock slid in easily. Carol began to fuck him, moving her hips up and down as she and Scott kissed. Scott grabbed her back and forced her to fuck him faster. "Oh god," Carol moaned. She felt her orgasm starting and began rubbing her clit.

"Shit yes. Ohhh fuck. I'm cumming, Scott. You're making me cum!" Carol said. She was so close that these were the only words she could muster. She rubbed her clit faster and faster until the passion overcame her and she came. She yelled out and tried her hardest to prolong her orgasm then she fell onto him and rested. 

"Make me cum again, Scott," Carol begged after she had rested for a few minutes.

"On your hands and knees," He ordered. When she was ready, Scott ran his hand up her pussy then shoved his cock mercilessly into Carol's pussy. Carol had to put one hand on the wall to steady herself as Scott fucked her as hard as he could.

"God dammit, Scott. Fuck. Yes. Yes! Don't stop, I'm almost there!" She screamed. Carol was so close she was in near agony until she came again. Seeing Carol cum and hearing her screams was making him cum. He pulled out his cock, rolled Carol onto her back, and shot his load onto her tits. Carol pulled her tits to her mouth and licked off some of Scott's cum.

"Fuck, you made me cum hard, Carol," Scott said as he fell onto the bed beside her.

"I know, and haven't cum twice or that hard since I was in college," Carol said. 

They fell asleep not long after cleaning up. Carol slept most of the night on top of Scott, her naked body pressed against Scott's chest. When Scott woke up, the train was near the station for Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. "I've been on a train for far too long," He thought, "I'll stop here and enjoy the water for a few days."

He still felt bad about how he left Connie and Jessie back in Virginia, so he woke Carol. He felt different about this girl, so he owed her a goodbye at least. "Carol, My stop's coming up," He said as she began to get dressed.

"You mean you're leaving?" She asked. Her look pained Scott to see.

"I said I was going to a beach," He answered, "and we're almost at one."

"I thought you might want to come with me to Atlanta," She said as she slipped into her dress.

"I know, but you're a singer. I'm no kind of man for a celebrity," Scott said.

"I-I love you though, please don't leave me, not like this." Carol pleaded

"I love you too, but this is how I show you." Scott said, "trust me, I'm not who you think I am."

He grabbed Carol and kissed her and they almost didn't let go. Scott grabbed his bag and made his way to the station. Before long, he was out on the street and walking towards the beach. He tried not to think of what would become of her. "I'm not as good as this as I thought I was going to be," he thought.

After a few hours of walking, Scott came upon a development of beach houses. Every house had some kind of pool in the backyard as well as a patio. It was a Wednesday, so it was unlikely there were many adults around. It was also late June, so schools were out and all the college kids would around on vacation. 

As he walked down the street, he heard the unmistakable sound of a car refusing to start. Scott had been a mechanic ever since he'd left high school and he knew that old American cars are some of the easiest to fix. He followed the sound to a driveway with a Ford Woodie with its hood up. 

A young girl jumped out of the driver's side and ran up to Scott. "Do you know anything about cars because mine isn't starting," she asked.

"I know a good bit, yea," Scott answered.

"Could you help us?" She asked. 

"I can try," Scott said, "And who is 'us'."

"Thank you so much!" The girl said, "I'm Loraine and this is my best friend, Rose."

Loraine had curly brunette hair while Rose had shorter black hair, not easy for a girl who lives at the beach. They were still the first properly-tan girls he'd seen since coming to 1957. Rose was leaning over the grille and inspecting the engine.

"Rose, this is....," Loraine trailed off.

"Scott," He said.

"Scott, right, he says he can help,"

Rose looked up from the engine. "Can you help?" she asked.

"What's wrong with it?" Scott asked.

"Well, it started last night but we went to start it this morning and it just wouldn't," Loraine said.

"I tried the choke but....." Rose trailed off. A siren had started wailing and everyone within sight was scrambling into their backyards.

"The bomb shelter, go! Scott come with us!" Loraine shouted as they made for their own backyard. Scott had no choice but to follow them. They opened a hatch in their backyard and climbed down a latter into a single room with a few beds, chairs, and a radio.

"That an air raid siren?" Scott asked. He'd forgotten about the atomic scares that came about after the war ended.

"Yea," Rose said, "It's more than likely just a drill though."

"I hope so," Loraine said, turning on the radio. 

"Is there anyone out there you should worry about?" Scott asked.

"My parents are up north on vacation," Rose said, "They left me here and we were going to go to the beach until the car stopped working."

"At least we aren't trapped in some communal shelter down on the beach," Loraine said.

"How long do you think this drill should last?" Scott asked. He was genuinely confused since being caught in an atomic bomb drill wasn't high on his list of things to do in the 50s.

"No way to tell," Loraine replied, "It could last ten minutes or ten years."

"Well, what do we do until the all clear sounds?" Rose asked.

"We've got the radio, why don't we dance?" Loraine suggested.

"You girls go ahead, I don't dance," Scott said. The memory of him and Carol dancing on the train was still fresh in his mind.

"Why not?" Rose asked. 

"I just never learned how, I guess," He replied.

"We can dance with each other though," Loraine said as she got up.

"You don't know what you're missing, Scott," Rose said.

Rose and Loraine danced to the radio for a little while until Rose went over to Scott and sat down on his lap and kissed him. "Will you dance with us now?" She asked.

"I prefer this instead," Scott said. Rose looked at him, back at Loraine, and him again, clearly confused.

"How would all of us...." Rose said.

"We can't all have sex at once," Loraine agreed, "That's disgusting."

"Would you rather be left out?" Scott asked her.

"No, but-" 

"Then use your imagination, Loraine."

"Come on Loraine," Rose said, "you need to relax."

Rose stood up and pulled off her clothes. She was in her red two-piece swimsuit that went well with her black hair. This convinced Loraine enough that she also stripped down to her swimsuit. Loraine's suit was a white top with blue bottom.

"Let's get this out of the way," Rose said. She grabbed Loraine's neck and kissed her hard. Loraine resisted until Rose pulled back.

"Was that so bad?" Scott asked as he pulled off his shirt.

"It's not bad, just different," she replied.

Rose pulled Loraine over to Scott with her. She knelt down as Scott kissed Loraine. Rose pulled off her top and kissed Scott's abs. Scott pulled off Loraine's top and ran a finger down her cleavage. Rose pulled out Scott's cock and began sucking it. Scott sucked on each of Loraine's nipples until they were hard. He rubbed her pussy through her swimsuit and Loraine started moaning.

Rose was now taking all of Scott's cock in her mouth, with difficulty. She saw Loraine getting her pussy rubbed and pulled her down to her knees. "Suck," Rose ordered as she moved over. Loraine sucked on Scott's cock while Rose kissed her body. She didn't resist now.

"Get on the bed," Scott said. Rose and Loraine jumped up and simultaneously pulled off their suits. Scott got on top of Rose and moved Loraine onto Rose's face. 

"Fuck her pussy," Scott said to Rose as he slid his cock into wet pussy.

Rose gasped for a few seconds, and then started tonguing Loraine's pussy. Loraine threw her head back and Scott kissed her neck. He fucked Rose faster when he saw what she was doing to Loraine. 

"Ohhh god," Loraine cried softly as she felt herself start to cum. Rose licked faster and put two fingers into Loraine's pussy. Loraine cried louder and louder as Rose fingered her. Scott Sped up and heard Rose start to scream with pleasure.

"Fuck! Yes. Don't stop. Fuck, make me cum!" She screamed.

"Faster, baby, faster," Loraine cried, "Harder! YES!" 

Rose sped up and Loraine arched her back and came with a scream and a wave of pleasure, just as the all clear sounded. Scott stopped fucking rose to listen.

"We can't stop now," Rose said, sliding out from under Loraine, who lay on her back, gasping for air.

"Nobody said we were stopping," Scott said.

"Lay down, Scott," Rose said with a smile, "I've got an idea."

Scott fell onto the bed and Rose pulled Loraine up. They positioned themselves on opposite sides of Scott's cock and brought their pussys together around it.

"Let's make him cum, baby," Rose said to Loraine. They started moving their hips up and down. Seeing two amazing girls grinding on his cock made Scott start cumming. Rose and Loraine sped up and didn't stop until they made Scott cum. He covered their pussys with his load and the girls moved apart. Rose leaned down to Loraine's pussy and licked off Scott's cum.

"Mmm, sweet," Rose said. She kissed Loraine to give her a taste of Scott's cum. 

"Enjoy having your pussy licked by a girl, Loraine?" Scott asked as they all got dressed.

"Definitely," She replied. Scott hoped this was the only time she would have a girl make her cum, she was too pretty to not like cock.

"Are you going to keep doing it?" He asked her.

"Probably not," Loraine said, "Unless it's like this."

"You still have a car to fix, though" Rose said. 

"That's the least I owe you," Scott replied.

Scott had the car fixed by sunset. It wasn't a hard job, but all the broken parts were in the worst possible position on the engine. The girls had invited him to stay with them for the night once he told them he was a drifter. In the middle of the night, Scott went into Rose's room and woke her quietly.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

"I realized you never got to cum earlier," Scott said.

Rose looked at him, then got up and kissed him. "You're so sweet, but we can't wake Loraine," She said.

"I know, come with me," Scott said. He led rose to the car and opened the trunk. It was a wagon, so there was plenty of room. Rose kissed Scott again, and then jumped into the back of the car. Scott climbed in after her and shut the trunk. 

Rose was in a long t-shirt and had no underwear on. Scott tore it in half and exposed her body. Rose shook off the shirt as Scott undressed. She started sucked on his cock until he was hard, then lay back and waited for him. Scott raised her legs and slid his cock in. She was as wet as before, but Scott went harder and deeper into Rose's pussy.

"Fuck me, Scott," Rose said. She was trying to keep her voice down, but as he started, she screamed.

"Shit! I want it. I want you to make me cum. Yes! Harder. Ohhhh GOD yes. I'm cumming!" Rose screamed. Scott fucked her harder and Rose's screams grew quieter until she came. 

"Holy shit! Ohhhhh fuck!" She cried louder than ever. Scott slid his cock out of her pussy and Rose pulled him closer.

"Cum in my mouth," She said. Rose held her mouth open and waited for Scott's load. Scott Came quickly and filled rose's mouth with cum. She swallowed it and smiled. They lay in the back of the car for a while and rested.

"I don't want you to leave," Rose said, "I want you to stay and make me cum all the time."

"I can't believe this!" Scott thought, "Why are they always so clingy?"

"Don't you want to stay?" Rose asked.

"Yes, but I won't," He replied.

"Why?" Rose said, sitting up.

"I became a drifter because I wanted to be free. I have a lot I want to do and I've barely started," He said.

"So, I'm nothing to you," She said, "Just another girl you use to occupy your time."

"No, of course not, I'm just restless is all. I love you Rose, but we wouldn't last long."

"We could try."

"Rose, I'm leaving in the morning. I'm sorry, but that's what's going to happen."

"Will I ever see you again?" Rose asked. She had been silent a long time.

"I didn't know. But if we do, maybe we could be together," Scott answered, "Now come on; we can't sleep out here all night."