 Scott was packed and gone early the next morning, but Rose and Loraine still wanted him to stay. He doubted Rose would tell Loraine about the two of them having sex behind her back the night before. He could still see how badly Rose wanted him as she begged him to stay. Scott's mind was made up and he was headed for Miami, so he kissed the girls hard before he walked out.

Scott walked around the town and the beach until he found a bus southbound for Florida that could get him there by nightfall. He spent the trip either asleep, since he'd had little sleep, or staring out the window. It was a wildly different world here. Everything from entertainment to fashion was different then Scott's time and what he'd expected. The most interesting difference was the girls. Scott expected a bunch of marriage-obsessed girls who'd probably never even thought about sex. Instead, what he'd got were girls that weren't that different than those of his time.

 In every town he'd been to, there were at least half a dozen girls who couldn't take their eyes off him. Scott was sure a few had even followed him around, probably to check for a girlfriend or wife. This only occurred to Scott after something unusual happened at a clothes store in Georgia.

Scott had taken on southern heat in blue jeans and work boots, which was a mistake. Georgia, though, was the tipping point. Humidity off the charts and no real air conditioning was too much for him. He'd gone into a store looking for something more comfortable when he noticed a young cahier and a group of her girlfriends watching him from across the store. There were three of them, two brunettes and one blonde, all in sundresses.

Not long after he'd noticed them, one of the brunettes started walking over towards him. She caught his eye, than kept walking over to the shop's back door. As she passed him, Scott could see that her dress was much too small for her by the way it fit tightly on her body. As she opened the door, the girl turned back and called Scott over with just a look. Scott looked back at her friends, than went after the girl. The first thing Scott saw when he stepped outside was the girl lying on the top of the stairs to the loading docks with her dress pulled up and one finger rubbing her clit.

She looked at Scott and smiled. "Sorry, I couldn't wait," she said as Scott got closer. Scott ran his hand up the girls pussy and felt how wet she had made herself, then pulled her up. They went behind a trailer at one of the loading bays and Scott slid off her dress. She had a beautiful pair of natural tits and curves like a model. Scott pulled his shirt as the girl pulled out his cock. She sucked it at first, than she jumped up into Scott's arms and slid onto his cock.

Scott pushed her against the trailer door and started fucking her. She moaned as she felt Scott's cock pound her tight pussy. "Ohhh baby, that feels great," She moaned. Scott sped up and felt the girl start to cum. As she came, she let out a silent scream and one long moan as her warm cum ran from her pussy. Scott set her down on the ground and pulled his cock out. She got onto her knees and rested against the loading bay door.

"Fill my mouth," she gasped. The girl opened her mouth and Scott shot his load down her throat. She gagged and spat out his cum. "Sorry," she said, "I wasn't expecting so much." Scott got dressed and went back into the store. The girl's friends were still at the counter when Scott went to pay for his new clothes. They didn't say anything, they just stared at him. Scott never did get any of their names.

It was close to 10:00 when Scott's bus reached Miami, but the city was lit up with neon lights. Scott stared walking around looking for a place to stay. There were clubs all over the city with lines stretching for blocks. There was a small, two-story motel not far from the beach, so Scott decided this was as good a place as any. He paid for a week and went up to his room. The first thing Scott did when he got a room was find a place to hide his bag that held all the money. There was enough room behind the bedside table, so Scott tucked the money behind it and went straight to sleep. 

His room faced the beach, so the reflection of the sun on the water woke Scott earlier then he wanted. He took a shower and thought about what he could do while he was in Miami. "I might as well spend today looking around," Scott thought. Since Scott had only spent $50 getting here from Virginia, he had enough money to buy whatever he may need.

Scott didn't hear the door open as he was drying off, so when he walked out, wearing only the cargo shorts he'd brought from the future, he was surprised to see a young woman standing in his room.

"Oh! Oh my god, I-I thought the room was empty," She exclaimed when she saw Scott. 

"It's all right, I didn't hear you either," Scott said. 

"I was just here to clean the room," she said. She was trying not to look at Scott, but she couldn't stop glancing at his body. Scott move closer to her. 

"What's your name?" He asked. She was visibly uncomfortable being in the room with Scott, but he liked the way she looked.

"Christa," she said, looking Scott in the face. She was a tall girl with golden hair.

"I didn't mean to startle you like this," Scott said, "You can go if you want, but I was on my way out."

"Well I...," Christa trailed off. She was staring at Scott, who stared right back. "I guess I could stay, if you want," She said.

Scott reached behind her and shut the door. Christa moved in and kissed Scott softly. "We'll have to be quick," She whispered in Scott's ear, "I still have a motel to clean." Scott kissed her harder as they moved to the bed. Christa bent over the bed and Scott reached for the belt. She had on tight black jeans and a black shirt that matched. Scott pulled down her jeans and underwear, the started rubbing Christa's pussy. When she was dripping wet, Scott pulled his cock out and slid in into Christa. 

"Ohhhh," She moaned. Her pussy was tight, but loosened quickly. Scott leaned over Christa and grabbed her tits. He rubbed her nipples as he fucked her. 

"Ohhhh god," She cried, "your cock feels so good." She rubbed her clit hard as Scott sped up.

"Don't stop! Yes! Fuck me right there. Shit! Ohhh shit, I'm gonna cum!" Christ screamed. Scott went deeper into her pussy and Christa screamed louder. "Harder! Ohhhh fuck!" 

When Christa came, she arched her back and cried out in pleasure. She slid off Scott's cock slowly and got down and sucked him.

"Where do you want it?" Scott asked.

"I don't," 

"Really?"

"Yes. Last time I swallowed cum, I choked."

"What about on your body?"

"I have to get back to work," Christa said as she stood up, "thanks for the orgasm."

She got dressed and walked out. Scott was confused, this hadn't happened to him before. Most of the girls he'd met came so hard they let him cum anywhere he wanted. Scott decided to just let her go and get dressed. "If she wants more, she knows where to find me," he thought.

Miami was more exiting then Scott had thought. There were art-deco styled hotels, all kinds of clubs, and beautiful girls as far as the eye could see. On one section of the beach, there was a line of girls 30 feet long, all of them tanning. 

When the sun had gone down, the city lit up with lights from all kinds of places. Scott had found a beach bar and walked in. there was a live band playing surf music and an expert bartender. Scott sat at the bar and looked around the room, since there were many nice girls all over the place.

One girl caught his eye. She was a bleached-blonde girl out on the terrace with her friends. She had on a red swimsuit that could pass for a bikini in Scott's time. When she came to the bar for a drink, she sat down next to Scott. 

"Haven't seen you here before" She said to Scott. 

"You a regular here?" Scott asked.

"Yes, but I guess you aren't" She replied

"I just got into town, actually,"

"From where?" She asked.

"Dallas," Scott replied.

"Well, Texas," She said, "Welcome to Miami. I'm Ruby."

"Interesting name for a blonde girl," Scott said.

"Well, what's yours?"

"Scott."

"So should I assume you're a dog or a drinker?"

Scott smiled. "You can assume anything you want, if you want to know, let me buy you a drink and we can find a booth."

"That sounds nice," Ruby said.

Scott and ruby found an open booth and sat down across from each other. "So, why Miami?" Ruby asked.

"I don't know," Scott replied, "I guess LA wasn't my kind of place."

"Anywhere that's not Los Angeles is better than Los Angeles," Ruby Said.

"Spoken like a true Floridian."

"I was born here and, to me anyway, there is no better city then Miami."

"So you live around here?" Scott asked.

"I have a beach house not far from here," Ruby replied.

"Sounds nice."

"Well, I'm a fashion designer. I need inspiration, so I just look at the ocean."

"So you're responsible for all the beautiful girls around here."

"I love to look good, what else can I say," Ruby said.

"Well, you certainly look good tonight," Scott replied.

"Thank you," Ruby said with a smile, "But there is a reason for that."

"What's that?" Scott asked.

"I'm a self-diagnosed Nymphomaniac," She replied.

"Really, how'd you find that out?"

"Well, the first time I had sex, I came five times in a row. After that I was always horny and I always wanted to have wild sex."

"You still like that?"

"I'm worse now. If I'm having sex, I want to cum as many times as I can. Usually, I'm cumming until I'm so worn out I can't move."

"Sounds like fun," Scott said. His imagination had been running wild since Ruby had said "Nymphomaniac". 

"You want to find out for yourself?" Ruby asked. She leaned forward, letting Scott see down the top of the swimsuit. Scott smiled and Ruby stood up and pulled Scott outside onto the beach. 

She took him down the beach to an empty lifeguard stand. 

"One other thing I like is having sex in unusual places," Ruby said as she pushed Scott up against the stand. Ruby knelt down and pulled out Scott's cock and started sucking it. She had one hand on his shaft and took his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth.

Scott put his hands on Ruby's head and forced his cock even deeper into her, so deep, Ruby gagged and pulled back smiling. "Want to cum yet?" She asked.

"You'll have to try harder than that," Scott replied. Ruby Smiled and took All of his cock at once, then started sucking faster.

Scott started to cum and Ruby noticed. She put only the tip in her mouth and stroked Scott's cock hard. The combination of Ruby's beauty and Christa blowing him off earlier made Scott cum hard into Ruby's mouth. She smiled as he filled her mouth with his load. Ruby swallowed Scott's cum, then licked Scott's cock.

"You really made me work for it, Scott," Ruby said as she stood up, "Now I think I should make you work harder on me."

"Your place or mine?" Scott asked.

"Clear out of that motel and meet me here," Ruby handed Scott a bar napkin with her address on it, "in an hour." 

"You always plan ahead?" Scott asked.

Ruby smiled. "Just get there, cowboy," She said.

Scott was relieved that he could go get his money. "Christa could find it and I bet she'd take it," Scott thought as he walked back to the motel. Scott found the money exactly where he'd left it. He was leaving when he saw Christa at the checkout desk. He handed her the key and she looked confused. 

"This isn't because of me, is it?" She asked.

"Not completely," Scott said. Christa understood and didn't ask any more questions.

"Good night, Christa," Scott said as he left. 

Scott made it to Ruby's beach house in just under 45 minutes. Her house was two stories with a deck right over the beach. He rang the bell and Ruby answered. She shad changed from her swimsuit into a long, tight, white dress. "Ready?" She asked as she let him in.

"Are you?" Scott replied. Ruby smiled and kissed him. They kissed hard for a long time until Ruby pulled Scott onto her couch. She unzipped her dress, which had no back, and slid it off. Ruby was lying on the couch as Scott pulled off his clothes and climbed on top of her.

Ruby wrapped her legs around Scott and he slid has cock into her pussy. "Ohhh," She moaned, "Don't be gentle, Scott."

Ruby's pussy was wet and Scott's cock slid in and out easily as he fucked her. She was pulling him in with her legs, making Scott go deeper. He grabbed her thighs and sped up, fucking Ruby even harder.

"Fuck, Scott. Yes! Ohhh Shit! Make me cum!" Ruby cried as she started cumming. She was clutching her tits and screaming as she came.

"Don't stop, I'm gonna cum again!" She said as Scott slowed. He sped up again and within seconds, Ruby was cumming. Scott felt her pussy tighten as she tried to stop from having an orgasm, but she couldn't hold it back and came again. "Fuck yes!" Ruby gasped. 

She pushed Scott onto his back when he pulled his cock out of her. "I'm gonna ride you," She said. Ruby slid down onto Scott's cock and put it all into her pussy. She bounced on his cock for only a few minutes before Ruby screamed and threw head back as she came. Scott could feel her juices running down his cock as she fucked him. 

"Ohhh, god I love your cock," Ruby said as she started again.

Scott grabbed her tits and pulled her down onto him. He was thrusting his cock hard into Ruby. She was moaning in Scott's ear as she came again.

"Get on your hands and knees," Scott instructed. Ruby got up and pulled Scott upstairs and into her bedroom. She got on the bed and Scott ran his hands down her back and grabbed her hips.

"Don't stop until you're cumming," Ruby said as Scott slid his cock back into her pussy. Scott kissed her back and started fucking her hard. Ruby arched her back and rubbed her pussy as Scott fucked her.

"Fuck! Oh god! YES! Ohhh Shit!" Ruby cried. Scott made Ruby cum four more times before he started cumming. He pulled out his cock and flipped Ruby over. She laid and waited for his load. Scott shot his cum onto Ruby's tits and fell down beside her.

"I may be a Nympho, but no one has ever fucked me like that," Ruby said as she licked Scott's cum from her tits.

"How many times did you cum?" He asked.

"I lost count. It felt so good I couldn't feel anything else," Ruby replied.

They fell asleep not long after since they were both spent. Scott and Ruby spent the next day in town. Ruby was showing Scott all of Miami. They had seen almost every inch of the beaches when the skies darkened. 

"We better get back to the house," Ruby said, "its still tropical storm season, this could get bad."

The rain had just stared when they got back to Ruby's house. The winds were picking up and the waves where growing. 

"This is a bad storm. It hasn't been this bad in a long time," Ruby said as they lay in bed watching the storm.

"Guess we'll have to ride it out," Scott replied.

They looked at each other, than Ruby rolled onto Scott's chest and kissed his neck. Scott grabbed Ruby's ass and slid down the cutoff shorts she was wearing. He rubbed Ruby's pussy and felt her start to get wet. He rubbed faster until Ruby started cumming, then he rolled on top of her and slid three fingers into her pussy.

"Oh god yes!" She cried. Scott felt Ruby cum and pulled out his fingers and replaced them with his cock. He put her legs over his shoulder and kissed them as he fucked her. Ruby was in tears from the passion and screamed at the top of her lungs when she came.

Scott picked her up and pressed her against the glass door and started fucking ruby again. She had her head on his shoulder and was holding onto him tightly. She was dripping wet and was on the verge of another orgasm. She felt herself cum, but let out only a long, soft moan. Scott could tell she was finished, so he carried her back to the bed. 

"Can you stay?" Ruby asked. 

"Not too long," He replied.

"Where are you going?"

"I don't know, New Orleans maybe."

"Will you come back? I'll wait if you want."

"You don't have to wait, but I'll come back," Scott said as he kissed Ruby, "I promise."