 All characters involved in sexual situations in this story are 18 years of age or older.

Piper snuck into the dimly lit Experimental Quantum Physics Laboratory and, after checking to make sure no one was around, cautiously lifted an instrument from the far counter.

"Digital probe?" she thought, as she tried to read the label in the dimness. "Who the hell are they probing with this thing?" 

A flash of light startled her and she dropped the fragile instrument, wincing as it smashed on the hard floor.

Peeking through the window behind her into the dark chamber where the flash had come from, Piper was surprised to see an old wooden wagon in the room. There was a dark shape bundled on the floor of the cart, and she took a step backward when she realized it was a man. 

"Hey, security?" she whispered into the phone. "Yeah, it's me, Piper. I'm up in the fifth floor lab, some homeless guy has snuck in here." 

Suddenly, the phone was snatched out of her hand and she saw the stranger towering over her. He was dressed in filthy, brown rags and his dark hair and beard were wild and unkempt.

"Security?" he said into the phone. "This is Professor Carl Gates. False alarm, the janitor didn't recognize me in the dark."

As he hung up the phone, Piper stared at him in disbelief -- he was Professor Gates! But no wonder she hadn't recognized him. When she'd seen him talking in his office with two women half an hour earlier, he'd been clean-shaven and wearing a shirt and tie.

She peered closer, knowing it had to be a fake beard but amazed at how real it looked. And then she stepped on a piece of glass and noticed the shattered instrument by her foot.

"I...umm...accidentally broke your probe," she said.

The professor picked it up. "It's a digital strobe, not a probe."

"Well, whatever it is, I just picked it up and -- "

"It doesn't matter," the professor said.

"It matters to me, and I'm going to pay -- "

"I don't care about the strobe!" the professor shouted, and slammed the broken device down on the counter.

Piper stepped back, startled by his violent outburst.

He turned to look at her, and she could see the despair in his eyes. "I'm sorry," he whispered, "I shouldn't have done that."

"It's okay," Piper said, slowly backing away. "I should be getting back to work anyways. I'll, uh, just lock the door on my way out."

The professor watched as she turned to leave, but as she walked away an idea flickered in his head, turning the shadows of despair into a glimmer of hope.

"Wait!" he cried. "You've got to help me."

Piper turned around and pointed a finger at her chest. "Me?"

He hurried toward her, and she backed away when he got too near. 

He stopped and held up his hands to reassure her. He knew he must have looked and sounded like a madman, and the look in her eyes confirmed it. He took a deep breath, and said, "What I'm about to tell you is going to sound unbelievable, and you're going to think I'm crazy, but please let me finish before you say anything.

"I've invented a time machine, and I need you to come back in time with me to help rescue Professor Elizabeth Carr."

Piper rolled her eyes. "Ha ha, I get it...real funny. Who put you up to this, the guys down in security? Are they watching me now?" she said, looking for hidden cameras.

The professor narrowed his eyebrows in confusion. "Is who watching us?"

"I don't know, you tell me. You're the one dressed up as Doc Brown, with the wild hair and the time machine, getting ready to take me 'Back to the Future'."

"Who?"

"You know...Doc Brown...'Hello, McFly?'"

The professor stared at her, completely bewildered. "I have no idea what you're talking about, but I'm serious -- I have a time machine and I want you to come back in time with me."

Piper crossed her arms; fine, she'd play along with the practical joke. "Okay, when do we leave?"

The professor blinked, surprised at how easily she was convinced. "You believe me? You believe I can actually travel through time?"

"Sure," she said sarcastically. "Why? Is it dangerous? Are there dinosaurs?"

"No...I mean, yes, there were dinosaurs, but we won't be traveling back that far. And while actual time travel is very safe, I just can't guarantee that the...umm...times we travel to will be."

Piper smiled and nodded, impressed at how convincing he made it all sound. And the professor rambled on.

"My assistant, Deidre Hopkins, and Professor Elizabeth Carr accompanied me on the maiden journey. Deidre was...lost, and Professor Carr is stranded in the first century. I desperately need your help to rescue Betty; the dangers for both her and the time stream are incalculable if we don't bring her back to our time as soon as possible."

Piper pretended that she was hanging on to his every word. As soon as he stopped talking, she said, "Great! Where's the time machine? Let's go!" 

The professor sighed in relief; for a second he'd thought she hadn't believed him. He led her back into the testing chamber and clambered onto the wooden cart. Kneeling, he glanced up at her and she could see the excitement in his eyes. And as he pulled the floor of the wooden cart back, a hidden, gold-plated console was revealed.

As Piper stared at the polished controls and flashing indicators in wonder, the professor exclaimed, "Behold, the time machine!"

She knew it was all a hoax, but she was amazed at how authentic the console looked. "So...this thing can take us back in time right now?"

"Yes...but there is one more thing I need your help with, and when I ask please don't be offended; I assure you it's absolutely necessary."

"Okay...what is it?"

"I know you're going to be offended when I ask. Please promise me you won't leave?"

"I promise -- I won't leave! What is it?"

The professor took a deep breath. "I need you to masturbate me first."

As Piper stormed out of the chamber and strode across the lab, the professor raced after her.

"Please, you promised, don't leave!" he said, as he chased after her. "It doesn't have to be me. I could get someone your own age if you prefer. But, of course, I'd need you to make them ejaculate with your mouth -- and there'd have to be more than one of them."

Piper spun around, her mouth wide open in shock and a disgusted look on her face. Before he could say another word, she plugged her ear buds back in, switched on her music, and gave him the finger as she stomped out of the lab.

He intercepted her in the hallway and pulled out one of her ear buds. "Please! I apologize...look, I really do need your help, and I was an idiot to ask you what I did. You don't have to do anything, except promise me you'll wait for me here. I'll be back very soon, and I desperately need you to come back in time with me."

"Oh, you bet," she answered sarcastically," I'll make sure not to go anywhere."

He ran off down the hallway and Piper, fighting back tears, was glad to see him go. She'd always thought Professor Gates was quiet, polite and even cute in a nerdy way. But now she felt like an idiot for not realizing he was just like all the other professors, who assumed that -- because she was only a janitor -- she was young, dumb and easily filled with cum. 

A half hour later, Piper was waxing the floor at the far end of the wing when the professor returned, showered and shaved and accompanied by three drunken frat boys and a woman dressed like a hooker.

"Piper, I'm so relieved you're still here," he said. "Please wait until we've finished in my office, and then I promise I'll show you what I said I would."

One of the drunks leered at Piper. "I'll show you mine too, baby. You coming to the party, sugar tits?"

The professor grabbed him by his shirt and glared at him. "No, she won't be! And if you don't watch your mouth, neither will you." 

The drunk went to slur an apology but was cut off by the professor, who steered the four of them into his office and closed the door.

Piper had finished and was coiling the power cord around the floor waxer, when she heard whooping and cheering from the office. She crept to the door, cracked it open an inch, and peeked in. Her jaw dropped when she saw the party going on inside. 

The woman was completely naked and bent over the back of the couch, sucking off the drunken frat boy standing behind it. His two friends had their pants down and were kneeling on either side of her as she stroked their cocks. And the professor, who'd removed his pants and neatly hung them over his office chair, was behind her -- hammering his cock in and out of her pussy. 

Piper ducked out of sight, but after a minute of listening to the moans and groans filling the office she couldn't resist sneaking another peek. 

The woman was sprawled on her back on the couch now, trying to take care of all four cocks at once. The professor was between her legs, stroking his pole into her sloppy hole. Seconds later, he groaned that he was going to come.

Piper blinked in surprise as he quickly pulled out of the woman, slid a condom onto his cock and filled it with cum. As one of the drunks took his place between her legs, the professor carefully laid the full condom on his desk and came back with a beaker. He waited patiently, watching the frat boy fuck her hard until he groaned that he was also going to come.

The professor quickly kneeled beside him and held out the glass beaker. "Make sure you ejaculate into this."

The drunken student grunted as he stroked his cock and shot cum into the container. As he milked the last few drops from his shaft, he said, "Dude, you're not gonna drink that, are you?"

The professor went red with embarrassment. "Of course not!" he said, clearing his throat. "This is strictly for scientific purposes."

"Yeah, right!" Piper thought, as she ducked back behind the door. She listened as the other two frat boys took their turns fucking the worn-out woman, and blew their loads in the beaker. 

Piper turned her head when she heard someone running away from the lab. She was looking to see who it was when the door opened behind her.

She turned around and was startled to see the professor standing right in front of her, completely naked. She swallowed nervously as her eyes traveled down his toned chest and abs to his thick, hanging cock.

She turned away in embarrassment. "Damn," she thought, "aren't professors supposed to be skinny...and not so fucking hung?"

Piper, who had just turned twenty, knew Professor Gates was old -- probably in his mid-thirties -- but she could see why all his female students had crushes on him.

The professor grabbed a lab coat and quickly pulled it on. "I'm sorry, I didn't intend for you to see me like that; I thought you were waiting in the other room." 

As he grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the lab, Piper saw he was holding the beaker full of semen.

"So, before you go back in time you wanted to...what? Have one last gangbang? And you're keeping that as a souvenir?"

The professor blushed as he answered. "That woman is a professional escort and the three students were...paid volunteers. There was nothing intimate about that encounter for myself. And you'll soon see that it was unavoidable." 

He entered the testing chamber, and as she followed him inside, he spun around to face her. Staring into her eyes, he asked, "Are you still willing to travel through time with me?"

Piper nodded. She still didn't believe the time machine worked, but she was dying to see what he planned to do with all that cum. 

"Then I'll need your iPod, cell phone, ID card and anything else that will seem out of place in the past."

When she handed them over, the professor locked them in a cabinet with his own possessions.

He walked over to the time machine, unscrewed a lid on the console, and carefully poured all of the semen he'd collected into the receptacle.

"I'm no scientist," Piper said, "but why are you pouring cum on the time machine?"

The professor smiled; he knew how ridiculous it looked. "I'm actually pouring it into the time reactor, and you're going to have to trust me when I tell you that it's absolutely essential. I can't explain the exact mechanics to you now, but the secret to time travel is locked within this vital fluid."

The professor screwed the reactor lid shut, and went through his mental checklist as he programmed the controls of the time machine. When everything was set, he stepped back and smiled at Piper. She could see the anticipation and excitement in his eyes.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

She nodded, and was surprised when he pulled her tightly against his body. As she looked up into his eyes and put her hand on his chest, he pressed a button on the console and they vanished in a bright flash of light.

* * *

Piper blinked, trying to get rid of the spots dancing in front of her eyes as her retinas recovered from the intense flash. When they finally adjusted, she saw they were in a field of grass and the sun was rising. She could smell the cool, fresh morning dew.

The professor still had his arm wrapped around her slim waist, and she pushed away from him as she tried to make sense of what had just happened. How could she be outside? How was it morning already? And then the realization dawned on her. 

"Oh my god," she cried, "you gave me the date rape drug!" 

The professor laughed. "Trust me when I tell you that I didn't drug you or rape you; we've just traveled to the past!"

"But...it's not possible," she said. "You really expect me to believe we went through time...and this is where the university used to be?"

"Of course we went back in time," the professor answered, "but we're not where the university will be -- we're in Russia."

While Piper wandered around the cart in stunned disbelief, he pulled some clothing out of a compartment and handed it to her.

"This was Deidre's, I think it will fit you."

Piper scrunched her nose as she sniffed at the plain, brown robe. "You want me to wear this?"

"Yes, we'd look very strange wearing twenty-first century clothing. Traveling in peasant clothing should allow us to move relatively unnoticed through the centuries."

Piper shook her head. She still couldn't believe they'd gone back in time; everything still looked the same. "Is there going to be dinosaurs?" she asked.

The professor laughed out loud. "I highly doubt it; I've checked the chronometer and we're in the year 1764."

"But...I thought you wanted to go way farther back than that?"

"Professor Carr is trapped in the first century where, I should point out, there still won't be any dinosaurs. But, unfortunately, the time machine is incapable of jumping more than one hundred years at a time."

"But didn't you just say we went back, like, three hundred years?"

"Two hundred and fifty years, to be precise. Apparently, the time jump actually starts one hundred and fifty years in the past, as we were unable to journey to any year later than 1863. My theory is that this is some sort of time barrier, which prevents people from encountering themselves or any near relative during time travel. 

"I actually thought we'd be in the year 1763, there must have been some problem with the reactor fuel."

"You mean the cum?" she said.

"Specifically, the spermatozoa contained in the 'cum'. I don't have time to explain it now, but there are many factors that influence the strength of the nuclear reaction and resulting time explosion. Anyways, we need to gather more reactor fuel as soon as possible."

Piper crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow. "When you say 'we', you better mean you. Can't you just jerk off into the reactor thingy?"

"The time reactor would work if I masturbated into it, but the time jump would be relatively small. We would have to make nearly two hundred jumps, which would take far too long and greatly increase the danger for both us and Professor Carr."

"And would be an awful lot of whacking off."

"Yes. Anyways, we need to get changed before someone comes along and discovers us." The professor moved to the far side of the cart, removed his lab coat, and changed into the worn peasant clothing.

Piper pulled off her sweatshirt and yoga pants and was only wearing a bra and panties when she caught the professor peeking at her. "Hey!" she cried, trying to cover herself up.

"I'm sorry," he said. "But you have to take those off too. Your underwear would seem very unusual if they were discovered."

Piper hid behind the cart and pulled down her Hello Kitty panties, and the professor politely turned his back as she unhooked her bra. If he had been looking, he would have noticed how beautiful she looked as the early morning sunlight reflected off her iridescent, auburn hair and highlighted her full, round breasts. Lifting the robe above her nude body, she put her arms through the sleeves and pulled it down over her head. The robe was tight as she slid it over her chest and let it fall until its hem brushed against her bare feet. 

The professor put their clothes in a hidden compartment, checked the coordinates on the console, glanced up at the morning sun, and slid the cart's false floor in place to conceal the time machine. "We need to head east," he said, and started pulling the cart.

As they traveled along a path in the woods, Piper felt her senses reawaken after years of being buried in an urban sprawl. She drank in the fresh air like a forgotten fragrance, and closed her eyes to savor the music of the forest, as insects buzzed past and birds chirped in pursuit. And when she looked at the sky...she wasn't sure she'd ever seen that shade of blue in the city.

"Did we really go back in time?" she asked. "I'm not hypnotized or something?"

The professor smiled proudly. "Yes, we've really gone back in time."

"But how is that even possible?"

"Like I said earlier, I'd love to explain all of the mechanics of time travel to you, but I'm afraid it would take a very long time and, even then, you probably still wouldn't understand how it worked."

"Is it like...a flux capacitor or something?"

"A what?"

"You know, like in that movie -- " Piper bit her tongue, worried that if she kept talking she'd sound dumber than she already felt. 

"Sorry, I don't watch a lot of movies, but I'll try to explain it as simply as I can. Essentially, time is like a tapestry, and if we can create an Einstein-Rosen bridge we -- "

"Wait, what's that?"

"An Einstein-Rosen bridge? It's a -- "

"No, before that. What's a tapestry?"

The professor glanced at Piper to see if she was serious and, when he saw she was, he took a deep breath. "I can see I'd better start over. 

"Time is like a carpet that stretches back to the dawn of our universe, while the future is like a carpet waiting to be woven. Physicists have long theorized that if the carpet could be folded back so that it touches itself, one could travel between these two points -- essentially going back in time. And that is what my time machine does; it generates a time explosion that folds the carpet back and creates a wormhole."

"What about the future?" Piper said. "Can't you bend the carpet thingy forward to see what it's like?"

"No. The reasons are varied, but basically we can only travel backward in time, never forward unless it's to return to our point of origin."

"Pointy what?"

"Point of origin -- the place and time that we actually entered the time stream. After twenty-four hours without a jump the time machine will automatically return there, that's how I ended up back in my lab when you discovered me."

Piper nodded, pretending to understand. "Wait a second, how come we didn't appear naked, like in Terminator?"

"Well, the reactor produces a time warp in the near proximity; anyone and anything -- including clothing -- inside that proximity will be shifted through time."
