 "It was a good idea right? Rob a bank and go back in time where nobody can catch you and you're set for life?" Scott asked himself as the police surrounded his house. He'd made off with almost $60,000 from an armored car, but didn't give the police the credit they deserved. Now he was left with no time and nowhere to run. His time watch was ready and set for 1957; he had the cash in a duffel bag along with a knife and several other luxuries not available once he traveled back in time.

Scott walked out into his yard, hands raised, with the bag over his shoulder. As the officers moved in, Scott pressed the travel button on his watch and, with a jolt, found himself in an empty field. There was a road not far from where he was, so he decided to follow it until he found a town. He hadn't counted on this part of Virginia being farmland in 1957, and it was hours until he saw a cloud of dust on the horizon. He stuck out his thumb as the car got closer. When the car stopped, the driver leaned over to talk with Scott. The driver was a young brunette girl. "Need a ride?" she asked. 

"Yea, I could. You headin' into town?" Scott asked.

"The lake, actually, but it's not far from town," the girl said.

"That's fine," He replied. Scott got into the car and found two more girls in the backseat.

"I'm Jessie," The girl said, "These are my friends, Sally and Kim."

"Nice to meet you ladies," Scott said as they set off, "Name's Scott."

"How'd you get all the way out here? I mean, we're 15 miles from anywhere," Jessie asked.

"I'd got a lift from a farmer and spent last night out in that field," He lied. Scott was glad the girls had stopped. His luck had improved more then he'd planned. He was free, unknown, and rich. The only thing he needed was the company of a beautiful girl.

"You're young for a drifter. Most of the ones that come through here are older," Kim said from over his shoulder. Scott decided that playing the mystery card was a good way to get close to the girls.

"I've been on the road a long time and been through a lot. I started out in the desert and have been movin' east."

"Where are you going?" Jessie asked.

"Right now, I'm thinking Miami. It'll be winter soon and I don't feel like walkin' through the snow."

He told the girls stories all the way to the lake. Pulling thing he'd seen in movies or read in books into his own life. But all the while, he was getting the girls to warm up to him. He'd known the girls and their fifties values would be hard to seduce, but these small town girls who were just out of high school were falling for him. They'd reached the lake by the afternoon and the girls had invited Scott to spend the day with them before they drove him to town.

Jessie and her friends went to get into their swimsuits, so Scott took the time to see what the fifties really looked like. There were a lot of people at the lake, most of them young girls with their friends. A few shops lined the road and sold all types of things for almost no money at all. The girls came from the changing rooms in the best non-risqué bikinis. Nothing like what the girls Scott had known wore.

Jessie, Sally, and Kim spent the day messing around in the water. "Guess tanning isn't a thin yet," Scott thought. These girls were pale white, which is hard for southerners. As the sun sank, Scott and the girls watched from the inside of the classic Chevy Jessie drove. 

"Should we go get dinner?" Sally asked.

"The diner's down the street. You can go eat if you want, we're going into town," Jessie replied with a nod to Scott. 

As they drove from the lake to the next town, Jessie and Scott got closer. "There is something about you Scott," Jessie said, "I don't know but you give me this feeling."

"Good or bad?" Scott asked playfully. He must have made an impression if the first girl he meets has a schoolgirl crush on him.

"Good, but I can't explain it." She said. 

"Why don't we pull over and talk about it?" Scott asked. He knew what Jessie's reaction would be. She looked over at him, and then pulled off into a field.

"I think you're nice, but I don't know if I can, you know, do this," Jessie said.

"You just said that I gave you feelings. Why not act on them?" Scott asked.

"I'm supposed to save myself." She replied.

"I get that, but you won't see me again after tonight. You'll go home and always wonder about me."

"But..." Jessie trailed off as Scott kissed her.

"Still got feelings?" he asked once he pulled back.

"Yes," Jessie said, flustered. Then she moved in on Scott and kissed him. They kissed for some time until Scott ran his hand up Jessie's leg. She jumped at his touch, but didn't resist. Jessie let the seat down and lay on top of Scott. Scott began to unbutton her shirt. Jessie whispered in his ear, "Will you be gentle?"

"Yes," Scott said.

Jessie let Scott pull her shirt off, the pulled back to remove her long dress and panties. Scott started sucking her nipples and Jessie moaned from the pleasure. Scott could tell she had never felt this way before; she'd probably never even had an orgasm. Scott rolled on top of Jessie and slid one finger into her pussy. 

"Ohhh," Jessie moaned as Scott fingered her. He felt her start to cum and stopped fingering her. He slowly slid his cock inside her and felt her cherry.

"Do it Scott, I'm ready," Jessie said. As Scott broke her, Jessie grabbed her tits and quietly screamed. When the pain was replaced with pleasure, she screamed louder.

"Oh my god. Yes. Yes!" she said. She was quiet as Scott fucked her, but when she came, she let out one long moan. 

"Open your mouth" Scott ordered. Jessie was so worn she didn't gag when Scott filled her mouth with cum. She swallowed his load and got up.

"We need to get going," She said.

"Find a hotel," Scott said as he kissed Jessie's naked body, "and come by tomorrow."

"Tomorrow's Sunday. I can't have sex on a Sunday," Jessie said.

"Monday, then," Scott replied.

"Can you wait?" She asked.

"Of course, I love you, Jessie."

"Then I'll see you Monday."

The hotel was small, but the rooms had a shower. Scott was surprised that his phone got service in 1957. He checked the news and found that he was the big story. There was a statewide manhunt for him and the money. It was funny that the police would check this hotel, which was still around, for him and not find him even though he was there.

Morning came, and Scott went into the hotel office for directions. The town was different from the way Scott had known it. The hotels receptionist was different from the night before. Now it was a young blonde woman, probably in her twenties. She was obviously not a girl who saved herself. She wore a low-cut shirt and tight jeans. She saw Scott enter the office and put down her paper and moved into a pose that let Scott see down her shirt.

"Good morning," she said.

"Yea, is there a good diner around here?" Scott asked. He could see down her shirt and saw the girl had large tits, bigger then Jessie's anyway. 

"There's one a few blocks down the street. It'll be on the left," she replied.

"Care to join me?" Scott asked. He'd decided to leave later so why not have some fun before heading south.

"I doubt anyone will need a room any time soon so I'll join you," She said, "I'm Connie, by the way."

"Scott," he replied. 

Connie got up and they walked to the diner. They talked for a while over breakfast. Connie was 23 and had moved here from Arizona when she was in middle school. Scott decided to fabricate another life for himself.

"I'm from New York, originally. We moved to Tennessee when I was very young. I was headed to Virginia beach by thumb after some stuff back home happened," Scott said.

"What kind of stuff, if I may ask?" Connie said.

"Well, my girl cheated on me, took my car, and ran off with some rich kid."

"What a bitch."

"Yea, I heard that they were out here and I came to get my car back," Scott said.

"Well, the train goes out that way," 

"I'll be sure to catch it,"

"It won't be here until three though, so you'll have some time to kill."

"Any ideas as to how I spend six hours?" Scott asked. Connie smiled playfully. Scott could tell what that smile meant. 

"We could put your room to use," she said.

Without another word, they got up and practically ran back to Scott's room. Connie kissed Scott hard then pushed him onto the bed. She slowly stripped down to her yellow bra and panties and sat down on Scott's lap. She hugged him with her legs as they kissed. Scott unhooked Connie's bra and pulled it off. She threw back her blonde hair as he kissed her cleavage.

"Are you ready?" She asked as she pulled of Scott's shirt.

"Are you?" Scott replied.

Connie smiled and pushed him back onto the bed. She pulled out his cock and took it in her mouth. "I didn't know girls were dirty like this in the fifties" Scott thought. 

Connie pulled her panties off and slid Scott's cock into her pussy. She was nowhere near as tight as Jessie and a lot louder. "Shit, Connie," Scott said as she bounced on his cock. She smiled and started rubbing her clit.

"Fuck, you're good. FUCK! YES! Ohhh SHIT!" She screamed. Connie grabbed one of her tits and bit it as she fucked Scott's cock. When she came, Connie screamed louder and fell onto Scott's chest.

"No one's ever fucked me like that before," she said, breathing hard, "Your bitch girlfriend doesn't know what she's missing."

Scott rolled on top of Connie and picked her up. They went to the table and he set her down on it. He lifted her legs and put his cock back in her pussy and she shook. 

"God yes," Connie said. She was tighter now and the pleasure was overwhelming. Scott fucked her hard, shoving his cock deep into Connie, who could barely handle it. As she started to cum again, Connie grabbed her legs and gripped them tightly.

"Don't stop. Ohhh SHIT yes. Yes. YES! Give it to me. YES! "She cried.

Connie kept screaming until she could see Scott about to cum. "Cum on my tits, Scott," She ordered. Scott pulled out his cock and covered Connie's beautiful body. She licked some of his cum foo her tits and swallowed it.

"Wanna take a shower?" Connie asked.

"Still got four hours, let's see how many more times I can make you cum," Scott replied.

They went to the shower and Scott slid two fingers into Connie's pussy. Within minutes, Scott's fingering and the rush of water to her clit had Connie screaming and cumming again and again. By the time they decided to stop and relax, she had cum five times. 

When 2:00 came, Scott packed up as Connie slept. He wrote her a note and left it on the bed next to her. It read "Connie, I went to catch the train to Virginia Beach and get my car. Once I get it, I'll be back for you. That won't be for weeks so take care of yourself. A girl named Jessie will be here tomorrow looking for me. I took her virginity last night so don't tell about us. See you soon. Scott"

Scott left town and caught a train bound for Miami. He wouldn't be back to get Connie for a long time, years, in fact.