 "...And may The Lord bless you and keep you and welcome you into His arms to live forever. Amen."

The aging priest did his best to put on a warm smile, but it was immediately obvious to Lloyd that the man was troubled. The slight crinkle in his hooked nose made the source of his discomfort obvious – he smelled "it", too.

"I suppose I should be off now, before it arrives. May the Lord have mercy on your soul. I know this is not your choice to make, nor is this mine."

None of the man's advancing age showed as he nearly leapt up from the rough-hewn wooden chair at the side of the bed. His robes almost seemed to float away behind him in his haste. The only thing that interrupted the priest's egress was a brief stop to turn the wall-mounted crucifix away from Lloyd and towards the wall. With one final, complicated stare, the man was out the door and Lloyd was alone with his thoughts for the first time since regaining consciousness.

His hand gravitated towards the thick gauze wrapping the entire length of his torso, drawing a wince and a gasp as the light touch aggravated the wound. He had not yet seen the wound himself, as it was bandaged well before he awoke, and saw no reason to look. He would not have to suffer it much longer. Infection surely would have claimed him in a few weeks' time anyway.

As he ruminated, the offensive scent grew stronger, and with it the sound of hooves scraping across the well-trodden wood floor of the hall. Despite himself, Lloyd's heart began to race with fear and something more. He clutched subconsciously at the linen bedding, competing instincts warring for control, yet equally incapable of motivating his broken body to move. With no other option, he laid still as the footsteps came to a halt right outside the door.

A light knock on the thin wooden entrance nearly killed him on the spot.

"C-Come in."

The door opened, ushering in an almost choking aroma: sulfur. She stood in the doorway, as though waiting for his invitation. His mind, however, was far too busy for pleasantries.

She was exactly as he had expected. Nearly six feet of pale, ashen skin stood before him, mottled flesh giving way to silky black fur below the knee and eventually to a pair of split hooves. Her body was the very image of female sensuality, with hips that almost defied logic with their breadth and sway. Her modesty was preserved, though barely, by a scandalously tight bodice terminating in what could only generously be called undergarments, a wide line of skin clearly visible just above her pubis. 

The cut of her top was equally obscene, exposing the full weight of her generous bust and pushing their ashen tops right in the way of his stare. Her sharp, overwhelmingly feminine face was as colorless as the rest of her body, yet the black pools of her eyes, set with vibrant blue, slitted irises were striking enough to offset the corpse-like hue of her skin. A pair of obsidian horns grew and twisted back a half inch below her brow. Long black hair flowed behind her, reaching as low as her waist, running in a loose braid between two furled, bat-like wings. 

"Did no one ever teach you that it's not polite to stare?"

Her voice was as rich and seductive as the rest of her, words taking back seat to a luscious timbre that promised so much more.

"Sorry, what?"

A harsh snort of laughter was the first non-sexy thing she did, the sudden normalcy bringing Lloyd back to the present.

"Oh, sorry. Come in, have a seat, or..."

"Relax, Lloyd. I'm just playing with you. I like to give my customers a show they'll never forget, as long as they live."

"-"

"Too soon?"

It was only her supernatural charisma, unholy beauty, and the 18" long gash running across his stomach keeping Lloyd from chucking something at the wisecracking demon woman. Even with the shit-eating grin plastered across her face, it was impossible to deny her raw appeal. The idea that men once fought creatures such as her was unbelievable. All of them were probably gay.

The door shut behind her, seemingly of its own accord. She turned to the side, gently tossing a small leather bag onto a nearby desk. That said, the contents of the bag could not possibly be as interesting as the delicate curves of her profile, her pushed-up breasts and barely contained ass looking almost like shelves on her otherwise gently contoured body. A long, thin tail with a barbed tip swayed mindlessly behind her as she slowly lifted a pale butt cheek, only to let it fall back down in a jiggle. 

"Your eyes say way too much. I think I'm beginning to understand how it was you got that wound."

"I must have been a pretty bad fighter for a man-sized piece of falling glass to read me that well."

"Seriously? Falling glass?"

"Stained glass, actually. Happened after the battle, even. The whole damned window fell from the steeple."

"Big man upstairs must have had it in for you. I think you'll find our ways a lot more...pleasant."

Her hands moved quickly over the laces of her bodice as she spoke, making short work of the knot and letting the placket fall open, revealing even more of her deathly white skin. Slowly losing their support, her breasts fell from their loft, straining the laces further as they unraveled of their own accord before falling loose. The garment fell to the ground a second later, revealing the whole of her torso, from the charcoal-grey nipples nipples that adorned the prominent tips of her full, yet remarkably perky breasts, to the almost-there lines of musculature that hinted at toned muscle below the skin of her flat stomach. The bare skin continued down to the thin fabric that pretended to conceal her pubis, where a small tuft of downy black hair was barely visible poking from the waistband.

At some point, the demonic temptress had obtained a small bottle of oil – likely from the bag Lloyd had already forgotten about – and pulled out the cork. A faint,gentle smell like washed linen poured out, immediately replacing the acrid smell of sulfur. She raised the small bottle and upended it just above her chest, allowing its viscous contents to pour slowly onto her skin.

"It's a specially perfumed oil, if you're wondering. Most men in your...situation find it difficult to get comfortable with a woman smelling of Hell itself."

The thin stream of clear liquid ran between her breasts, thinning to a single drop as it traveled down her stomach, wetting and clinging briefly to the incredibly fine hairs that covered her skin. She poured more along the breadth of her chest, coating the tops of her breasts with glistening fluid, accentuating the marble-like pattern of faint black veins just below the skin. Her spare hand joined the action, spreading the thin sheen over the rest of her chest, paying particular attention to her slowly hardening nipples.

Nearly the whole of her upper body was glistening by the time the bottle ran dry and fell to the floor, discarded. A few lone drops managed to reach the low-cut line of her panties, collecting there and darkening the black fabric. Of course, it was not only oil that now dampened the skimpy cloth, a steadily growing stain creeping along the bottom of her underwear. She was soaking in her own juices already, a visible testament to the diabolic purpose of her body.

Noticing his slack-mouthed stare, she drew an oily index finger across her bare ass, striking it quickly in imitation of lighting a match. To Lloyd's surprise, a very real fire did sprout from her fingertip, the flame appearing somehow more vivid and real than any fire he had seen before. His brain was struggling for an appropriate quip when the flame spread quickly over her arm and onto her torso, engulfing her whole body in a flash of deep crimson flame.

Forgetting momentarily about the enormous, barely sealed hole in his stomach, Lloyd recoiled violently, scrambling at the smooth linen to get as far away from the literally immolated demon woman. A choked cry of fear was interrupted by a groan of pain as the wound split in his haste. A second later, the fire vanished to nothing and the recently extinguished temptress, looking no worse for the wear, flew at him, an expression of earnest concern written plainly across her face.

"Are you alright? Did you open your wound?"

"I'll be alright. Well, you know what I mean. No worse than before. Hurts like hell, though."

"I'm really sorry, I wasn't thinking. I suppose you haven't ever seen anyone do that before."

Lloyd could not be bothered to dignify that with a response.

"It seemed sexier in my head, to be honest. I also did not want to get oil on the sheets. We're about to make enough of a mess. Well, at least you are. I've heard that humans make quite a mess when they-"

"YES. I got it. Very funny."

Silence enveloped them for a moment before Lloyd spoke again.

"So what's it like, anyway?"

The succubus put on a thoughtful look before replying.

"Maybe a bit warmer than would otherwise be comfortable. Very wet, and much softer than you are used to. It's got way more muscles than you'd think, and I can control them all independently. It's rather wonderful, really."

"Almighty save me. Not your vagina, you oversexed bat. You know..."

"Oh, that. Lots of screaming. Bodily fluids everywhere. Messy business."

"Are we still talking about – you know what? Forget it. Never mind."

She smiled.

"Good. You have nothing to worry about but what's under here" she said while sliding her thumbs under the thin string holding her undergarments on. It took only a second and a glimpse of the growing confusion and concern in Lloyd's eyes to realize what she said. Instead of acknowledging her mistake, she pulled them down quickly, exposing her already-slick slit. She was only mildly offended by the look of relief on the man's face as he confirmed that there was nothing...extra hidden by the cloth. In his defense, there were certainly rumors of "succubi" like that as well.

Lloyd watched as the panties slid down the demon's smooth legs, an unbroken line of lubricant stretching from her slightly parted lips to the soaked cloth. The aroma of her sex filled the room, coating the atmosphere in a cloying heat that chased away the awkwardness of the change and the sinking fear that preceded it. 

To call the scent merely arousing would be to deny the throbbing ache that spread through his groin, turning the vague near-stiffness he had since she entered the room into the strongest erection of his life. There could be nothing natural about the effect she had on him, but he was well past caring – what did he have to worry about at this point, anyway?

The clear effect she had on him served only to act as an invitation, the succubus preying on his improving mood to make first contact. She stooped over the bed, careful to give what she instinctively knew to be the best view of her hanging breasts. Her hands found each leg, running up the ex-warrior's scarred calves and powerful thighs as first one knee, then the next, found its way onto the bed. She spread his legs gently around her, mindful of the gruesome cut hidden below the thick gauze. A lone pair of fingers traced his inseam through the towel that covered his modesty before making a quick dash up to his hidden injury.

"You're going to want to be at the top of your game for this, handsome. Let me take care of this for you."

Her hands found and traced the crude gash and, to Lloyd's surprise, her touch was met with not pain as before, but a warm soothing feeling. He could almost feel the skin below stretching and suturing itself, closing the wound completely.

"You can heal?"

"Not only celestials can use healing magic, you know. Well, they are the only ones that can really make it 'stick'. I'd say this will hold for about an hour or so."

"So that puts a time limit on things, doesn't it?"

"As if. I'd be surprised if you could last half that."

"You want to make a bet of it?"

She couldn't help but copy his smile.

"Tell you what. I'm already getting everything I want from you, so I'm going to give you a once-in-a-lifetime deal." She waited for his response to that quip. After a few seconds, she gave up and continued, "If you can last half an hour, from now, I will give you something special. If you can't, you lose nothing."

"A mysterious and ill-defined reward for a betting game with a demon who claims to want nothing in return... sounds reasonable. You're on."

She laughed earnestly at his proffered hand, clasping it to seal their "deal". She did not have long to laugh, however, as she quickly found herself pulled off balance and onto his chest.

Lloyd let go of her hand, moving his grip to the back of her neck and one cheek of her ass, pulling her harder against him and bringing their lips into contact. She tasted vaguely of smoke and her lips were hot to the touch, but so very sensual that he couldn't bring himself to care. Intent to put his new-found – if temporary – vigor to use, he beat her to the punch by forcing his tongue into her mouth.

She moaned into him, her breath quickening with every kneading grasp on her full ass. The warmth of her skin urged him on as his hand traveled down her thick thigh, making it twitch slightly in response. The fine fuzz of hair that covered her flawless skin became thicker and silkier as he went lower, eventually becoming the black fur that extended below her knee. The strange sensation did little to arrest his excitement, serving instead as a reminder of just who and what he now held.

She was the first to break their kiss, her dark lips twisting into a lewd grin as they watched the thin string of saliva connecting them sag and break. Without lifting herself from him, she pulled her body back slowly, bending at the waist to push her ass slowly into the air, creating a landscape of pale flesh from her shoulders all the way to her bottom and putting it on display. As she slowly slid down his body, her nails dug softly into the skin of his chest; hard enough to leave a mark, but still gentle enough to tickle. Her tail wrapped around her thigh to press into the meat of her ass, dimpling the soft flesh and running in lazy circles. Whether her automolestation was for her own enjoyment or Lloyd's was not a question his brain was willing to entertain at this particular point.

Eventually, her dangling breasts found his groin, her rock-hard nipples dragging across his skin on each side of his member, engulfing him in her warm softness. He thrust lightly against her, pushing himself deeper into her smothering cleavage. She pressed back against him but did not stop, allowing his shaft to slowly escape. Her eyes met his and she licked her full lips as he emerged, leaving little of her intentions to the imagination. 

Her lips met the base of his crown with a soft kiss. She trailed slowly down his stiff pole, making it jump lightly at her barely there touch. When she finally reached his base, she held her lips to him as her tongue sneaked out, pressing firmly against him. It spread to cover the whole underside of his shaft and, with one long lick, traveled back up to his tip. 

She pressed hard against him as she climbed his shaft, drawing a gasp as her tongue pulled at the skin just below his head. A small bead of pre-mirth grew at his tip as her tongue circled gently over his frenulum. Without bowing her head, it wrapped entirely around his head, growing or else stretching several inches as it snaked around him, only stopping when its tip reached the clear drop at his peak. She massaged him gently for a second before unraveling herself and slowly retracting the deceptively long appendage. Without warning, she descended again, this time taking his whole head inside her mouth. He bucked sharply, but she expertly rode his thrust, keeping just the tip inside as she slowly began to suck. 

Her lips pulled even tighter around him, to the point he could feel the gentle pulse of blood flowing through the engorged veins of his member. She did not stop there, continuing to hollow her cheeks as the pressure grew, taking in fractions more of his trembling length. Her tongue finally rejoined the action, folding firmly against the underside of his head before undulating softly.

Lloyd squirmed in place, almost paralyzed by the unblinking stare that surveilled his every response. Her striking blue, reptilian eyes never left his as she sped her descent, meeting the halfway point of his throbbing mast before slowing back down to a stop. She grasped his hands with hers, laying them gently atop her head; one on her silky black hair and the other on a curved horn.

Just the weight of his hands on her head was enough to push her further down his shaft, but that did not stop him from putting his arms to use. With only a small push, he butted up against her throat, his head sliding easily into the narrow passage that seemed to tighten around him. He pushed through slowly, hips arching as she swallowed more of him down. A few seconds of warm, wet bliss later, he felt her lips against his pubic bone. Curiously, he could still feel her breath tickling at the sensitive skin of his groin, even though her throat was full to stuffing with his length. He only had a second to consider her anatomy, however, as her throat began to tighten.

Her throat contracted in a wave, starting at the midpoint of his shaft where he entered her throat, and descending in a slow band of wonderful tightness to his head. The pulsing muscle stopped for an instant on his ridge before slipping over it, forcing a gasp as he pulled her face harder against him. His hips pushed back against her mouth, but his rough treatment only seemed to spur her on as the second wave of tightness began immediately as the first ended.

Lloyd's head fell slack against the pillow, his whole concentration focused on the pulsing throat that surrounded him. Her tongue never stopped stroking slowly down his base, as if to milk the thick clear fluid that no doubt flowed freely from his tip. She moaned in delight as he gasped and pushed futilely against her lips, knowing full well that he could go no deeper. When he met her gaze once again, the demonic hunger written in her eyes made him wonder which one of them was enjoying this more.

One of the succubus' hands found her nipple, squeezing and stroking it in time with her rhythmic contractions, careful to make sure that Lloyd was watching. She grinned around his cock as his eyes locked onto her display. Her deft fingers twirled around her dark, sensitive nub, pulling at it gently before rubbing with just the tips of her fingers. After a few seconds, her whole hand dug into her soft flesh, kneading her breast and making a show of hefting its weight.

Caught between her self-groping, her wanton stare of hunger, and the immaculately curved ass rocking to and fro in the air, Lloyd found himself unsure of where to rest his stare. Every part of this experience was so perfect that he was having a hard time keeping up. His body had no issue, however, as his hips continued to thrust softly against the demon's face in slow rhythm.

A familiar sensation of heat and pressure grew at the base of his length. He struggled to thrust faster as the sensation grew, but the slow contractions of her throat did not change. The urge to climax quickly outstripped the growing pleasure, turning ecstasy into frustration. Then, with one long stroke, the succubus pulled herself off of him completely, saliva pouring freely from her glistening mouth as his rod popped free.

"If you wanted more, you could have just asked, honey."

She licked her lips sensually before continuing.

"But I do insist on taking you in my mouth the first time. Perhaps you would prefer a different position?"

With that, the demon pulled further back on her haunches before rolling onto her back, folding her leathery wings gently beneath her back. Her breasts fell to either side of her body, sagging under gravity but still perky enough to rise substantially above her chest. She shimmied for a moment, apparently to adjust the lay of her tail, before bending her neck back at an inhuman angle and opening her mouth.
