 Nothing but the silvery glow of the crescent moon illuminated Matilda's sleeping quarters. The autumn night was calm but cold, and thick layers of furs and blankets kept the young woman warm and comfy. The oaken bed was large and sturdy, and made Matilda's feminine but short body appear smaller still. Only her head poked out of the covers, the skin pale in the moonlight and her locks dark.

Electricity crackled. At first just tiny sparks, invisible to all but the keenest observers, then the strange apparition grew larger, and soon it began to hint at a recognisable shape. After no more than a few seconds, the sparks, the light, the crackling were gone, and all that remained was the traveller.

Jenny glared at her wristwatch.

'Sierra?' she whispered.

'Yes?' replied the accessory.

Its voice was transmitted directly into Jenny's brain, and could be be heard by no one else.

'What's our status?' asked Jenny. 

'The journey was successful. We are in Normandy, France. The year is 1066,' Sierra said, her voice pleasant though monotone. 

'Alright, good. So what are we doing in this woman's bedroom?' Jenny continued her inquiries.

'Scans show traces of temporally flexible particles in the immediate vicinity,' Sierra explained. 

'What does that mean?'

'Time travel has occurred here in the recent past, making it easier for us to cross dimensional barriers. This circumstance has allowed me to improve energy efficiency by 78%.'

'Yeah? I'd still have preferred not to materialise right in someone's bedroom. What if she'd had company? I have no aspirations of becoming the first interdimensional cock-blocker.'

'Understood. I shall keep this preference in mind.'

'How recent are we talking about anyway? Do I have competition to worry about?'

'Data not found. However the agency encourages cooperation amongst its employees.'

Jenny rolled her eyes, then took a careful step towards the sleeping figure.

'Who's she?' the traveller asked, examining the woman's delicate features. 

'Data not found.'

Jenny surveyed the bedroom carefully. It had to be one of the largest rooms in the castle, and the carpet she stood on looked to be expensive and well-made. Satin dresses were draped over a rocking chair, and a wooden jewellery box had been placed on a small commode.

'She might be a noble. Maybe even William's wife.'

'Probability high. Records indicate that Matilda of Flanders is of short stature.'

'Are we in his castle then?' asked Jenny.

'Affirmative, at the moment no other man-made structures of comparable height exist in Normandy.'

'Right. Maybe I should just cloak, and wait for him to show up here,' Jenny stroked her chin.

'I would advise against this course of action,' Sierra said without missing a beat. 'Despite my current energy reserves being unusually high, your plan would constitute a grossly irresponsible waste of resources.'

'Fine, I'll go and look around.' 

Jenny turned and crouched down, ready to make a sneaky exit, when she trod on something soft and furry. This misstep very nearly coincided with Sierra's helpful reminder to 'mind the mammal'.

'Meow!' shrieked the cat, predictably enough, as it bolted out of the room as though fleeing from the hounds of hell.

Silence followed. Jenny was frozen in place with shock and suprise.

'Cloaking is strongly advised! Cloaking is strongly advised! Cloaking is strongly advised!' went Sierra in Jenny's head.

The time traveller ignored the wristwatch, and instead Jenny's eyes were fixed on the woman in the bed, who had lifted her head in response to the feline wailing, but whose eyes remained shut. Jenny was convinced that even the tiniest of movements would end this strange hybrid state, in between sleep and wakefulness.

Matilda of Flanders, Duchess of Normandy opened her eyes.

Jenny raised her arms hoping to appease the woman.

'Your Grace, please forgive the intrusion, I must have gotten the wrong-' she started meekly.

Matilda, her eyes wide with shock, raised an arm, and dramatically pointed a finger at the traveller. 

'No. How is this p-possible. I had given up hope, I-I had begun to think that it... that it had not even been real. It is you! Oh Jennifer, oh Jennifer, my love, it is really you!' 

All the panic and urgency Jenny had felt a moment ago evaporated, and were replaced by utter perplexity. 

'Say what?'

The duchess threw back her sheets, leapt out of her bed and with a cry of joy slung her arms around Jenny.

'Sorry,' Jenny said, and she grabbed the woman firmly by the shoulders, forcing her to abandon the loving embrace. 'What is going on?'

'My love,' Matilda placed a soft hand on Jenny's face, and gazed deeply into her eyes. 'Can it be that you do not recognise me?'

'Yeah... sorry,' Jenny felt an overwhelming sympathy for the woman, who suddenly looked crestfallen.

'You have not aged a day, but you said... you said you would be different. You truly are a mystery.'

'Aren't I just. Would you hold on for a second,' Jenny turned to her watch. 'Sierra, what the heck?'

'Yes,' said Matilda. 'Please, consult your wise companion, my love.'

'We appear to have invaded this woman's time stream out of order. In such a situation the agency recommends its operatives be mindful of their actions, so as to keep time from folding in on itself and wiping out causality.' 

'So those particles were from our first journey here?' 

'Probability high. I am not aware of any other missions having been sanctioned in this area.'

'Wait. Mindful of what sort of actions?'

'Avoid paradoxes at all costs, and remember that anything you learn about your past visit will become an irreversible part of history. I would strongly advise you to pay attention.'

Jenny's eyes had slowly wandered from Matilda's face down to her rather impressive chest area. Though her gown was thick cotton, Jenny could clearly make out an enticing pair of dimples beneath the coarse fabric. It was a cold room after all. Matilda smiled when she took notice of the attention.

'Your memories, do they return?' she asked hopefully.

'Not exactly, but I'm starting to piece things together. You know, you could probably help me remember,' said Jenny, and she could feel her mouth twisting into a crooked smile.

'Oh my love!' Matilda's pale cheeks were flush with earnest joy and excitement.

'Matilda of Flanders is a married woman,' Sierra effortlessly conveyed disapproval, even without the ability to raise her voice.

'Buzzkill,' Jenny said, and placed a finger on Matilda's puckered lips. 'Say, sweetheart, where's your husband right now?'

Matilda's eyes narrowed.

'I thought you knew everything about my husband,' she said. 'He and his fleet departed a week ago.'

'Departed? For England you mean?'

'Why yes. Is that not the reason for his great fame in your world?'

'The agency does not condone revealing their future to those who have not yet lived it,' Sierra said. 

'Never mind that,' replied Jenny. 'We're too late. William's gone. How did that even happen?'

'Hypothesis: interference from your previous journey here, which will take place in your personal future.'

'Why would I come here again?'

'To find William.'

'But I only missed him because I've been here before!'

'Data not found.'

Jenny grunted in frustration.

'My love,' Matilda interjected. 'Are you troubled?'

'A bit confused, what with the Duchess of Normandy repeatedly declaring her love for me.'

Matilda leant forward, and pressed her soft, full lips against Jenny's, and the time traveller's mind was blank. Willingly she lost herself in the warm, wet sensation, in the playful dance of their tongues.

'Records show that this woman could be considered your type. The agency discourages relations with personalities from hist-'

Jenny tapped the wristwatch's holographic interface, and Sierra's voice was gone.

'What is it, my love?' asked Matilda. 

'This was our first kiss,' Jenny said.

Matilda giggled uncertainly.

'Jennifer, whatever do you mean? We have kissed many times.' she said bemusedly.

'That's true, it's just... from my point of view we never have, not until now.' 

'You always speak of such strange things, but, my love, I have been patient as per your instructions, let us delay no longer. I would have you Lady Jennifer, I would have you now.'

'Your wish is my command, your grace,' Jenny smiled.

Matilda turned, and pacing her steps with care she approached her bed. Appreciatively Jenny watched the duchess' bottom, the cheeks' rhythmic rise and fall mesmerising the time traveller. Matilda was short and by no means athletic, but her curves were feminine in all of Jenny's favourite places. The rough gown's contours merely hinted at the treasures that lay beneath. The broad hips swayed impressively from left to right, and in her mind's eye Jenny could see white thighs rubbing against each other as Matilda crossed her quarters. 

The duchess extended an arm, and Jenny took it immediately. Filled with anticipation she followed the other woman.

'What curious garments,' Matilda said as she sat down on the mattress. 'How... tightly they hug your form.'

Jenny had sat down next to her, and gently Matilda cupped the time traveller's bottom. 

'Still so very firm.'

Jenny mused on how exotic she had to seem to the duchess. The agency trained its operatives well, and Matilda was in excellent shape, not to mention her dark complexion. Her jeans and Scooby Doo t-shirt likely were merely the tip of the iceberg of unfathomable strangeness that she represented. 

Even in the faint moonlight there was colour in Matilda's lips, and they drew Jenny in like a vortex depth charge. As they kissed, the pair fell into the sheets, Matilda on her back and Jenny right on top. 

A rush overcame Jenny, and she couldn't wait to feel Matilda's bare skin against her own, to gaze upon her naked form, to inhale her scent. Jenny took off her shirt, lifting it slowly, and she had to laugh at Matilda's delighted expression. Even with her brand new 24th century push-up bra Jenny couldn't hope to compete with Matilda in that area, and Matilda knew it.

The duchess bit her lower lip, and gave Jenny a devilish look before ripping her night gown, and exposing herself. Jenny could feel moisture gather between her legs as she beheld the divine bust. The pale tits were soft and squishy and perfectly round, and the nipples, rosy and rigid, made Jenny quiver all over.

'Beautiful,' Jenny said.

She bent down to bestow the most tender kiss upon a single tit, and Matilda leant back, and moaned blissfully. With her tongue Jenny circled the erect nipple, she tasted salt, and her hand wandered up what remained of the gown, her fingers digging firmly into Matilda's thigh. Their eyes met, and Jenny could see the blaze of desire that had been ignited within Matilda. 

Jenny's fingers brushed up against Matilda's eager sex, and she stroked the untrimmed bush. She then placed her index finger lightly in between the labia, and it slid in right away, smoothly, easily, helped along by Matilda's natural lubricant. The duchess arched her back in response, and Jenny grinned when she saw Matilda's eyes rolling back. At an agonisingly slow pace Jenny's finger travelled up and down Matilda's wet, excited privates, before she pulled it back with an impish grin.

Her reward was a frustrated moan. Jenny, sat back up, and began to undo her jeans' zipper. She beckoned Matilda closer, and together they removed the rest of their clothing until the two the of them were entirely naked. They knelt, facing each other, and their bodies were pressed together, Jenny could feel Matilda's soft belly and bouncy tits being squished up against her own, firmer features. Slippery with sweat, the women were intertwined as they kissed and caressed each other, as they explored each other's bodies with tenderness and full of desire.

Jenny stroked Matilda's locks, before gently pushing her back.

'Let's have some fun,' Jenny said.

Led by Jenny, Matilda lay down on her back again. The duchess was about to go for another kiss, but Jenny shook her head, and laughed.

Still on her knees Jenny shuffled around her bedmate, until Jenny's legs were positioned to either side of Matilda's face, which beamed with excitement. 

'My love, what are you doing?' Matilda asked.

Jenny was glad to see that her future self hadn't shown this position to past Matilda. 

'Can't you tell?' Jenny asked smiling.

She let herself fall forwards onto her arms, and grabbed Matilda's legs. Jenny's face was now inches from Matilda's beautiful, moist lady parts. Jenny bent down, and kissed the juicy opening, Matilda's pubes tickling her nose. 

There was sharp intake of breath, as pleasure mixed with dawning realisation, and Matilda craned her neck to try and reach Jenny's own pussy, neat and shaven and suspended just out of reach. 

Matilda whimpered as Jenny's tongue began to explore the area, and she moaned without restrain once Jenny had reached the clit.

Jenny lowered her own sex and the moans were immediately muffled. The time traveller could feel a pleasing tickling sensation, a kiss, then the satisfying warmth of a surprisingly long tongue. Matilda wasn't entirely inexperienced either, her tongue swerved around Jenny's labia, lapping up her juices without going too fast or too deep, she paced herself, though Jenny could feel Matilda's excitement.

It was a race towards the top, their pleasure building more and more as they licked and sucked and fingered each other's increasingly sore cunts. Without being able to see Matilda's movements Jenny could never predict the next sensation, and each new surprise made shivers run down her spine. Ever more powerful waves of pleasure shook Jenny's body, her hands trembled, and she was sweating profusely. Matilda's juices were flowing freely now, and the duchess moaned and squirmed under Jenny's touch.

Then Jenny was lost. Her senses were overloaded by pure ecstasy, her muscles cramping and spasming uncontrollably. Their two bodies had merged into a beautiful chimera of nothing but lust, pain and pleasure. They arrived as one, and their blissful union burned brightly for a moment of pure, unrestrained joy.

Jenny slumped down, her head resting against Matilda's thigh, and sticky with her juices. Panting heavily, Jenny was enveloped by Matilda's scent. With some effort the time traveller rolled to the side, and looked round. Matilda looked exactly like Jenny felt, exhausted, spent and happy.

'That was... remarkable,' Matilda said struggling for air.

'I'll say,' Jenny laughed, and pulled herself towards the duchess.

She crawled all the way up to Matilda's chest area, then lovingly nestled in between her tits, pressing her ear against the pale skin. Jenny couldn't believe how comforting it was to snuggle up against Matilda's curves, listening as her heart beat frantically. Their bodies radiated heat, and the smell of sweat and sex hung prominently in the air, but Jenny hadn't felt this safe or content in a long time.

With a dreamy look she watched Matilda's serene expression, and wondered how the duchess had first met the time traveller. 

'Matilda?'

'Hm?'

'Could I borrow a dress?'