 In the stillness of the night, a tiny angel sleeps; her wings nestled securely around her fragile porcelain frame that is battered and bloodied from endless hours spent trying to release her warrior from his tomb. She is exhausted from the effort. Her body is broken and her soul is forever scarred. 

She shivers in spite of the slight protection that her silken white wings have to offer. The bed that she has fastened outside the massive steel door is lacking one thing; her warrior is trapped on the other side. He is the only thing that can save her from the deadly frost and the evil creatures that threaten her very existence. 

Even while she dreams, there is a Holy War of sorts going on around her. The other mighty angels are fighting to release her warrior from his ancient tomb while the dark side fights just as strongly to keep him locked away from her forever. Savage, bloody, brutal attacks continue on while she snuggles ever deeper inside her wings to ward off the frigid cold that threatens to take her from him for an eternity. 

Her warrior is in utter turmoil knowing that he cannot join in the battle to save his beloved angel. He paces back and forth, screaming into his fists and pounding savagely on the massive steel door that keeps him from her. He is beyond panic as his grief threatens to overcome him. He knows that there is only so much time left before she perishes out there in the forest. 

He can hear the beasts calling from the dark caverns deep within the forest. They are coming for her. They can smell her sweet perfume, her innocence and purity of heart. They want nothing more than to ravage her and then rip her tiny frame to pieces and they plan to do it right outside his door. He is helpless to stop them. He is dying inside this tomb. He knows that if they get to her before he can get out, he will go insane.

The angels call to him and he strains with all his might to hear what they are trying to tell him. He pushes his face up to the cold, unrelenting metal and manages to hear a whisper.

"This is your angel; she was crafted by the Lord above to be yours for eternity. Don't let her die tonight. Her fate lies within your heart."

Stirring from her slumber, the tiny angel unfurls her wings and opens her eyes, swollen from hours and hours of crying.

She catches a glimpse of the bloody battle that is being played out in the heavens above her and she is in awe. She gathers up her broken body even though the pain is unbearable.

She kneels, head bowed in submission, and clasps her bloody hands together in prayer.

She begins to pray with everything that she is and has ever been; for herself, her warrior, for the future that she knows is meant to be a gift to them both.

Hours and hours go by as she sits this way, deep in prayer and when she falls because the pain is too great, somehow she manages to bring herself back to her knees. She will not fail him.

She knows that this night is the night; the Light or the dark will prevail. It is inevitable.

Her warrior FEELS her lost in prayer and he drops to his knees. He knows that this is the only way that he can help to save her. The door won't open. He cannot join in the battle.

His heart is breaking. He can sense her. She is so close, so close, and his heart is aching to touch her. He needs to take away her pain; to mend her broken body; to wash the dirt away from her beautiful wings.

Finally, after an eternity, she is spent. She collapses onto the forest floor. Her time is near. Soon, there will be no more angel. He will be alone. She will be lost to him forever.

The heavens are on fire as the battle rages on. The angels refuse to give up their fight. A love like the tiny angel and the great warrior share is worth fighting for, at all costs. They will never stop.

As dawn breaks, the dark side retreats. They are no match for the angels. The prayers offered up by the tiniest angel and the great warrior have proven to be too much for them.

At that very moment, the massive steel door gives way, creaking on its ancient hinges and he is finally set free.

Her warrior cannot believe what he is seeing. His face is stained with rivers of tears.

He rises from his knees and unclasps his hands. His prayers have been answered.

He rushes out into the forest and finds his tiny angel wrapped up in her wings; shivering and torn. She was always there, just like he knew she would be. She NEVER left him.

He reaches down with a gentle hand and brushes the leaves out of her hair. He gazes down upon her tear stained face and whispers her name.

"My darling angel, Adrianne, I am here now. I will never leave you."