 It was Alain's coming of age, the day the Elf Lord came. Despite having lived beside the Great Forest all of his life, he had never seen an Elf. There were always stories though. From his mother, tales of when Elves, Men, Hill-folk and the rest worked together. From the old blacksmith in town, lewd rhymes of Elf-Maidens and from his father always the story of the Elf Lord who came when he was a young man to drive the raiders back across the Pechora.

He was working in the fields, his back aching. A traitorous bead of sweat began a descent from his brow, stinging his eye with salt. Cursing, Alain thrust his spade into the soft earth and rubbed his eye. When he removed his calloused hand, a dozen tall, pale figures had appeared in the distance. They marched slowly, with a banner flourishing in the breeze. A strange beast was upon the banner, six legs like a spider but proud and majestic like a lion. A clear voice rang out, "Hail, son of Malcolm and The Wold". 

Alain gaped, dropping his spade at his side. It made no sound, and sunk slightly into the rich, moist soil. As they came closer, Alain could see the grooved bones on their forearms and thighs that let them grip the trees of the Great Forest. Their faces too were strange, but not unpleasant. Pointed ears, of course, and small, delicate mouths. Each was dressed in long, flowing robes that trailed along the ground. Despite the churned up earth, no dirt seemed to stick to these garments. All were a mottled green, like the trees that were the Elves' home, save one, who shone a brilliant blue. The blue-clad figure was the most gorgeous creation Alain had ever seen. Perfect red hair that flowed down to her sides, and curvaceous hips that the robes could not fully contain. Occasionally, a glimpse of long , pale thigh showed itself, making Alain stiffen. Embarrassed, he focused on the manners his parents had thrashed into him. "Greetings friends, if you desire food, drink or shelter you may have it." The Elven contingent was upon him now, and an elf with a great white beard roared with laughter.

"Your father was not so well spoken child." This one was the tallest of them, and had the same creature that was on the banner embroidered into his robes. "It is good to see you have improved upon him."

Despite his awe, and the sensual body at the speaking Elf's left, Alain swallowed and spoke defiantly "I am a man today, I am Alain and I do not know you, though you are welcome."

The Elf smiled "That is more like your father, I am called Aldaris, I fought with your father and other men of the Wold some years ago." He gestured at the stunning figure beside him "This is my niece, Monira." He continued introducing the rest of his party but Alain's eyes were tracing the curve of the Elf maiden's breasts. She noticed, and smiled slightly. Alain blushed and stammered "Pl...Pleased to meet you all, please come." 

He rushed to pick up his spade and started towards his family's homestead. With long strides, Aldaris and another elf fell in beside him. They talked with him about the crops, weather and livestock. These things Alain knew, and he found himself calming. The other elf, Elhard, was fascinated by the flora and fauna, he had never been outside the forest, where different, strange things grew.

"Is Arthur still King of the Wold, Alain?" Aldaris' question caught Alain off guard, it came out of nowhere.

"No of course not." Alain said, surprised. "Apologies, my lord, he died when I was just a baby."

Aldaris grimaced, a poor sight on his fair face "No apology required son of Malcolm and I am no lord of yours, I have been deep in the forest in the decades since I fought with your father, sound can not travel far there. The King must be Robert now."

Alain was confused by the mixture of strangeness and normality in the Elves. Their features were subtly wrong, and the bone grooves vaguely nauseating but they talked like Men. Aldaris sensed his bewilderment. "My Tribe has always had an affinity with Men and I have spent much time among your kind. For most of our kin, this is not so. Indeed, many among us would damn all Men, even those who live in the Kingdom of Wold."

Alain remembered an old song his mother used to sing. "And though the forest burned, the ties of friendship were spurned."

Aldaris ran a hand through his long beard, nodding sadly. Elhard looked at Alain curiously, "They teach of The Betrayal in your schools?"

Alain blushed, "I have never been to school, my mother used to sing that." 

Elhard seemed shocked, but Aldaris nodded "Customs differ, Elhard. The Men of the Wold do not put such emphasis on lore and I think it is a beautiful thing, no old hates to nurse." He turned his attention to Alain "When the Steppe Peoples threatened the Wold in your father's youth, few Elves followed me. They learn at a young age of how the world betrayed them. Even though Wold alone came to our aid in that dark time, their anger against all other races burns."

They were close to the homestead now, and his father emerged a brilliant smile of amazement on his face. "Aldaris!" Malcolm Brown exclaimed, "I never thought I'd see you again you old bastard." To hear his father curse at such a lordly being, made Alain anxious but the Elf-lord simply laughed and embraced his father. Malcolm was a sturdy man and above average height yet still he was dwarfed by the old Elf. His own solid beard was soon lost in the Elf's monstrous one.

Most of the others with Aldaris also knew Alain's father and there was much embracing and ecstatic conversation. Alain was amazed to see his father in such lordly company. Eventually, only Elhard and Monira were left and they greeted Malcolm courteously. Alain watched Monira's swaying hips as they went inside his family home. It was warm inside, and smelled wonderful. His mother, Sarah, had a stew bubbling and bread baking. 

Abruptly, a finger poked his sides. "Stop staring at her ass pervert." Elizabeth Brown hissed. Alain jabbed his twin sister back "Oh hi Lizzy, who was that blacksmith's apprentice you were chatting with yestermorrow?" She scowled and pulled him away "Let's help mother, and you'd do well to keep your mouth shut." Alain considered pressing his teasing, the apprentice was handsome and muscular from his work, but Lizzy was strong herself and had given Alain some serious bruises in her time. Instead, he buried himself in the frenzied preparations, his mother gave him a quick peck on the check and a dozen tasks to perform. Getting the ale, checking the stew and sneaking peaks at Monira's long, smooth thighs was busy work. 

Knowing they were showing up unannounced, the Elves had brought a great deal of food with them. Strange, brightly coloured fruits and stranger coloured meats appeared. Alain and Elizabeth's horde of younger siblings dared each other to try the dangerous looking delicacies. Monira and an older-looking female Elf who had fought with Aldaris and Malcolm laughed at them, and recommended new choices. 

The sound in their home was raucous but not overpowering. It was extremely crowded with the eight Browns and dozen Elves, but they managed. The elves were courteous guests, quickly jumping to help where they could. At the family table, Aldaris, Alain's father and three other elves sat, drinking ale and recounting old stories with ever-louder laughter. Just above the din, Alain heard a melodious voice call "Alain, is that yours?" It was Monira, with a wide smile showing perfect white teeth, and bright green eyes shining at him. She was pointing to his guitar, idling in the corner. Alain was dumbfounded, Elizabeth snorted and told Monira it was. Monira turned back to him and spoke "I spend most of my time on the northern edge of the forest, guarding from the Khadim and their masters, there are Men who live along the border and play instruments such as those, I would like to hear it again." Alain laughed nervously but another elf called out "Yes! A song! A song of the Wold!"

As more voices took up the chant, Alain reached for his instrument, his hands shaking slightly. He looked at Lizzy, "Arthur's Triumph?". She nodded back and they began. It was a hurried presto, and soon the Elves were clapping along and Alain felt his nerves fade. The song was a lively, happy one and their harmonies were well practiced. It ended with a final high note from Lizzy's throat and the homestead exploded with applause. His mother took the opportunity to begin serving, and soon the sounds of eating largely replaced conversation. 

The Elves and Alain's parents had priority at the table, so the siblings soon found themselves on the ground outside. Lizzy looked at him with a smug look on her face "So Monira, huh? What happened to Danielle?" Danielle was a girl in town who Lizzy had walked in on with her brother, his face deep in her womanhood. She was a plump girl, with large, heavy breasts that were wonderfully soft to the touch. Lizzy continued her attack "I'm sure Monira would enjoy some oral attention too, and she certainly enjoyed seeing how skilled your hands were just before." Lizzy's playful air faded somewhat. "Actually, about that apprentice." 

Alain had been growing annoyed but now he laughed, "Go on."

Lizzy lowered her voice so the four younger one's couldn't hear, although they were busy throwing Elvish fruit at each other. "I was in town today, and he gave me a birthday present." She winked, and leaned away from him.

Alain was incredulous and at once jealous and angry at this other man. "What did you do?"

She laughed "Everything, I highly recommend it, although maybe with someone who is the same race as you."

Alain ignored the last jab, and watched his youngest brother attempt to fit a huge, pink fruit into his mouth whole. "Slut," He said with a smile. Lizzy playfully pushed him and gave him a peck on the cheek. "What was that for?" Alain asked her curiously. 

She shrugged, "You're my best friend and I don't think you'll be here for long."

Alain put his plate aside, "What do you mean Lizzy?"

Elizabeth put her own plate down, and brushed crumbs off her. "I know you don't want to stick around here all your life, and seeing beings out of dad's stories probably makes you want to get out of here even more."

Alain was a little abashed, he and Lizzy were always open with each other but rarely talked about serious subjects directly. "You'd come with me, right?" Lizzy looked like she was about to answer but then their parents called for them.

Back inside, they found themselves the centre of attention. Aldaris raised his flagon to them "I apologise from the bottom of my heart for stealing the day from the beautiful Elizabeth and the handsome Alain, Malcolm and Sarah are very proud of them and rightfully so. As my people say, may your roots grow deep and strong." The other elves murmured the same, and wished them well.

Elizabeth, always the braver of the two, answered smoothly "Our day is made special by your presence Aldaris, and that of your company, may your roots grow deep and strong as well."

On the other side of the table, Alain's parents beamed with pride. Aldaris laughed with a roar again "May roots are grown so deep I can barely move, I turn three thousand years on the morrow."

Alain gaped for the hundredth time in the day, "Did you know the Green King?"

Silence suddenly covered the table, Elizabeth shot Alain a look. Aldaris paused for a moment "Yes I did, I fought under him till his sacrifice. There are precious few of us left."

Malcolm arose, and offered a toast "To comrades lost, Elf and Man all". The others drank to that, and presently conversation resumed. Worried he had offended Aldaris, Alain took his leave and went back outside. To his surprise, Monira followed him. 

"Do you know much of the Green King, Alain?" Her eyes shone in the moonlight, and Alain was keenly aware of her breasts around his eye level.

"No, just...just stories really." Alain's eyes drifted to the Pechora, "I'm going to check the nets." He began moving over the farmland, towards the powerfully flowing river. Monira fell into step beside him, her blue robes swaying slightly.

"Well do you know much of the Old Man?" She gestured gracefully towards the river.

"The Pechora?" Alain asked incredulously.

She smiled, green eyes shining in the moonlight. "He's an ancient, ancient being. He saw the stars when they were first born, before that there was only the Sun and the Moon. Most beautiful of those stars was Althea, queen of healing. Do not attempt to seek her, she has sadly passed from the sky, before even my Uncle looked upon them. The Old Man of the river gazed upon her, and was mad with lust. To woo her, he decided to demonstrate his strength and power. He caused mighty floods, that destroyed homes and strong trees. Levies were broken and crops ruined but Althea remained unimpressed, for she was a kind soul, that abhorred the suffering of the river folk. It was one of the Forest Guardians, Okhrana, whom she loved. He took the devastation the Old Man caused and made beauty. Much of the Great Forest you see today sprang from the rich soil left from the Old Man's floods. The river seethed in jealousy, but slowly he came to better understand Althea and to truly love her. When the Purebred came and destroyed much of the Forest, the Old Man came to Okhrana's aid rather than have Althea witness his death. Alas, he was too late and Okhrana burned. Her grief was terrible, and her light began to fade. In love-sick desperation, the Old Man turned all his power to serving those who lived along him and to nurture life. Still to this day, he serves in her name, hoping that her light will return to the world. He gives shelter to countless creature, and turns the wheels that Man, Elf and others place to harness his power. You are blessed to live so close, as am I, for the river flows near my home deep in the Forest."

Alain took in the eloquently-spoken warrior before him with wonder. She surprised him with her coarse next words, "It's amazing what Males will do for those they wish to fuck." She laughed as Alain blushed.

"Oh yes, I swear, Elf maiden though I may be. You should hear some of the jokes those who guard the northern border with me tell, I'm curious to know if you can go redder than you are now." She laughed again, and clapped her hands together "I apologize child, I have not been to the Wold before, I find your customs new and strange."

Alain willed the blood to subside from his cheeks, it did so slowly. "It's strange to hear someone who is so graceful and so well-learned in lore talk like that."

Monira laughed again, and pushed flowing red hair out of her eyes. "My kin would not say I am well-learned, my father thinks I have spent too much time outside of the Forest. Although I am told I have a certain grace with the sword." 

"May I ask you of your life on the northern border?"

Monira nodded slightly, looking at him curiously with beautiful, glistening eyes. 

"Are the Khadim truly monsters?"

A look of sadness crossed her face, and Alain felt a pang of regret. A small smile returned to her lips "Do you Khadim means in the ancient tongue that is its root?" After Alain shook his head, Monira answered her own question "Slave. The Sorcerer-King's have turned them into bitter, hateful things envious of the fertile soils around the forest but they have a stubborn, righteous honour and love their own dearly. They also do not like tricks, though they will go along with the devious ones their masters devise."

"All I've heard of the Sorcerer-King's are stupid tales my mother told me, I was not sure they were real."

Monira turned to him gravely, and Alain saw for the first time a warrior and not a beautiful Elf maiden. "They were Men, at least once, probably of kin with those who live in the lands between their realm and the Forest. Now they are cruel spirits who have reached a skill in magic beyond any I know."

"How do you hold them back?"

"In truth, they have not come in force for many centuries. Khadim raiding parties are common, and sometimes forces as large as several thousands will probe our defenses led by a single Sorceror no more. Nothing compared to what came during the Green King's reign. As some as much of my kin would like to believe, they are not held back by our valour alone. To the west, the Hill-Folk guard their strongholds fiercely and any Khadim who cross the river further east where the Forest starts to thin are cut down by Steppe riders." 

"I wish I could see as much of the world as you do."

Monira laughed melodically, her brilliant blue dress shone in the moonlight. "I have never left sight of the Forest Alain, though my father has promised to allow me to travel north across the Channel Sea when I come of age."

"Come of age? You're already a warrior!" Alain asked incredulously.

"I am old enough to fight but not yet old enough to lead, in two years I will take my father's place on the Council." Her voice dropped to a whisper "And never leave the Forest again." The Elf went silent, and once more a look of sadness marred her gorgeous face.

His heart beating wildly, Alain took her hand "I'm sure you will be able to travel." She seemed to find little comfort in this. Feeling awkward, Alain said the first nice thing he could think of "You are so beautiful Monira. I was stunned when I first saw you." 

She turned to him, with an amused smirk "You're a very sweet, handsome man Alain. I wish I could stay here and learn your ways."

Alain suddenly noticed how close her pale, smooth thighs were. He so badly wanted to reach out and stroke them. Monira smelled wonderfully, of sweet fruit and bright flowers. She leaned very close, and whispered in his ear, making him shiver. "I once lay with one of your race, a brave young man who lives between the Forest and the lands of the Khadim. He taught me things Elfkind has never conceived of." Monira's fingers pulled away from his, grabbed him by the wrist and ran them along her thighs. "Since then, other Elves have bored me I'm afraid. I've become quite lonely." She bit his ear lightly "And quite needy."

"I've never been with anyone." Alain heard himself say, and instantly cursed himself mentally. 

Monira seemed surprised but not amused "Save your first time then, for someone less predatory." She laughed, but continued to let Alain rub her thighs. Her own hands reached out and began to explore Alain's crotch. He felt himself growing incredibly hard as this Elven goddess delicately stroked him. "But do let me give you a present for your coming of age."

Alain was utterly speechless as the Elf maiden went on her knees in front of him. Her words were husky "The human I told you about, taught me how to do this, I'd never heard of it before but I've gotten quite a taste for it." 

She practically tore his pants off to reveal his already-stiff cock. Alain had little reference for how large she was but Monira seemed surprised and impressed. She gathered her flowing, red hair and tied it up in a bun. Both of her hands were running up and down his shaft, they were incredibly soft. A groan escaped his lips. "I love you Monira."

She stopped and looked up at him with gorgeous green eyes glowing in the moonlight. "Do not misuse that word Alain." Alain felt embarassed, but still her tongue slithered out of her mouth to lick the tip of his cock. He soon found out that the tongues of Elves were longer and more flexible than those of mankind. Monira licked greedily, clearly relishing the taste of his manhood. Another shiver ran down his back as she licked all the way from bottom to top. Her tongue was long enough to wrap completely around his cock and she did so regularly. She sensed his excitement "Do you like that, the way I wrap my tongue around your big cock?" All Alain could do was moan.
