 I discovered my superpower in a very unusual way. I'll not go headlong into what my power is; that'll ruin all the fun. It'll also ruin my excuse to tell you a story and brag about my sexcapades.

So just a week after my eighteenth birthday, I was walking down the hallway, going to the next class. As luck would have, while turning around a corner I accidently made physical contact with a girl. 

When I say physical contact, I mean my unwary hand literally slapped one of her tits. Worse, that unfortunate tit belonged to Claire (think Redfield. I'm using that name because she does look a lot like her), one of the hottest girls and most desired cheerleader of our school.

The gentlemanly, and stupid, thing to do would have been to apologise; let my Chivalry burst out. Of course, I was aware that this was at the same time awkward, perhaps insulting and could very well be perceived as harassment. Naturally, I ran, hoping she, or anyone, didn't see my face.

I finished my classes without any event, so I was hopeful that I'd be spared. I rode my bicycle to the local public library and started my shift. It was a decent job for me and the hours were good. 

So here I was in one of the sections, updating the catalogue (on paper, yes; they hadn't gone digital.) That's when I felt a tap on my shoulder.

I turned around, and to my horror, Claire stood in front of me. 

"Found you, Kyle (also a pseudonym)," she said that very nonchalantly.

For a second, I was terrified. I was sure that there was an army of jocks waiting to teach that pesky molester a lesson.

"Relax, I'm alone," she said, as if reading my mind. 

I realised how plain my panic was. I also realised that, for whatever reason, she knew my name. Didn't think a cheerleader would bother knowing mine.

"I'm really sorry, it was an accident. I didn't mean to do that."

"I believe you," she said, a little mischievous smile creeping around the corner of her mouth.

Scowling, I asked, "I'll do anything to make it up."

"Alright, meet me at Law when your shift's over. You get off in two hours, right?"

That got me. The Law section, for whatever reason, was seldom visited. It haven't had to actually go there in quite a while. But I had mentioned 'anything' so I was going to have to see it through.

She smiled at me, though I didn't know what that could mean, and grabbed a book from the shelf, and walked away. I couldn't help notice that it was A Room With A View. Nor could I help notice her ass in that schoolgirl skirt.

Eventually my shift ended - too soon, I thought - and I uncertainly made my way to Law. Claire had already arrived, and she smiled when she saw me. Clearly, not what I was expecting.

First thing I said was, "How'd you even find me? And how'd you know when my shift ends?"

She chuckled. "I come here all time. I see you on Tuesdays and Thursdays."

That was a bit of a shocker. Why would she notice me? More importantly, how haven't I noticed?

"You know, I've had my fair share of experience. But I have never been touched like that."

"Yeah, look, I'm really sorry about it."

She laughed. "That was supposed to be a complement. Look, I know you weren't trying to molest me, but it felt amazing."

I raised my eyebrows. "No way."

She ignored my remark and said, "I wanna see how it feels when you actually touch it."

I'm sure most guys would jump at the chance to touch Claire's tits. But it sounded too good to be true. Now, I'm no saint. But I was definitely expecting a trap.

"Is this how you frame me for rape?"

She cocked her head. "Boy! You're paranoid. Look, if I wanted to harm you I could have brought a bunch of other people. I really want to try it out."

She had a point. From the light of reason, her offer was to good to pass. Fondling Claire's tits? Yes please! I almost drooled at the thought.

"Okay, how do you want me to... Umm... You know, do it?"

"However you like to."

That had me flustered. "About that... I've never... You know. Done it."

Realisation dawnedon her face. "Oh," she said, drawing it out.

I was afraid she would laughI was afraid she would laugh at me. Instead, she said, "Guess you'll have to learn as you go. Come on, I'll give you some pointers."

She turned around and said, "Come on, stand behind me."

Disbelieving my luck, I did as I as told. I'm not ashamed to say that I was very much erect. I had to make sure none of my stained length touched her skirt, though if my dick could have its way, it'd be exploring the warm flesh inside.

"Okay, what do I do now?"

"What do you mean by that? Hold my boobs. That's always step one. But don't squeeze. Just hold."

My hands were trembling as I slowly made my way to her chest. I still hadn't touched her, my hands hovering an inch from her blouse.

"What the fuck are you waiting for?" She asked, annoyed.

And I placed my hand on her breasts. I stood there with a pair of tits. I could hear her breathe slowly.

"How's that?" I asked.

"Good," she said. "Just slowly run your fingers over. Be slow."

And so I began. Over the uniform, fingers crawled over and around her chest. Exploring what I thought must have been the underside, then to the sides and above. I let my fingers feel the softness underneath simultaneously, but I dared not press my luck. My thumb grazed over nipples and then I rubbed them a little. Her breath was uneven and strained.

And then I began a little adventurous and squeezed very lightly and gently. She gasped, but did not tell me stop. Taking the cue, I squeezed again for longer, but still very gently.

"Good instincts," she whispered, "Okay, off with the kiddie gloves. Undo my buttons."

She had just granted my unuttered wish - so I complied eagerly. My hands still trembled, but that was only because of inexperience and uncertainty. My paranoia had left me for good.

"Okay, reach in and start the same way. Careful, I'm sensitive," she said like a gentle teacher.

I couldn't really see them, (I didn't think she'd appreciate me leaning over like a creep) but I imagined them as creamy in colour with rosy tips. 

They were warm and the underside for my palm perfectly. I slowly traced my hands around the sides as I had previously done. Running my fingers gently over her nipples, I crossed over to the upper side of her breasts.

Running over her flesh again, I placed my hands on top of her breasts and squeezed. I cannot express what a joy that was. There's a reason they're called funbags. Her soft, pliable flesh seemed to melt in my hands. I felt like I could play with her tits all day, which I might have done given the chance. The whimpers she released every now and then between ragged breaths was enough to keep driving me.

After a short interval of gentle fondling, she told me, "Rub my nipples from time to time. But don't pinch."

If the lady didn't want to be pinched, who was I to do otherwise? But I didn't miss a chance to rub those nipples between every squeeze or two. Perhaps that was a little more than she had asked for, but she didn't appear to dislike it.

After a while of receiving no resistance, I decided to try my luck. So at times I squeezed a bit more firmly than usual. Sometimes I grabbed them from both sides and pushed them against each other. And then I dug my fingers into her tits alternatively. She exhaled sharply every time, encouraging me Without a complaint.

And then after forty minutes, I was disappointed.

She suddenly said, "You can stop now."

I didn't want. Like I've already said, if I was given a chance I'd fondle those large, warm pears all day. But I acceded to the lady's request. She began buttoning up and made no acknowledgement of the fact that a man, after forty minutes of tit handling, would undoubtedly be horny as fuck.

She turned to me and smiled angelically, though the effects of the session was not lost upon her features.

"Do you have a job on the other days?" she asked.

"No," I said, then needlessly added, "But I've been thinking of getting one."

She nodded. "Since you don't have one yet, meet me after classes at Room 304."

She winked, leaving me with a gaping mouth, and left. That wink promised more of this kind of fun, which meant I would have access to her tits but there would no romance, no intimacy and no getting off for me (unless you jerking off afterwards.)

Horny bitch, I thought. She must be on her way to get one of her large jock dicks take care of that little pussy of hers.

I admit, I was jealous; even more so when I went back home and jerked myself off to thoughts of her and whoever the lucky fucker was.

***

I told myself I wouldn't go, but who was I fooling? The memories of her tits alone would inspire me to return to Claire. So I went and waited ten minutes in front of the door before she arrived.

She flashed me a flawless smile, paralyzing me, and said, "Sorry Kyle, had to take the long way to ditch the girls."

I don't know how she had a key, but boy was I glad! We entered the room and she made sure to lock it. Then she set the seats - one behind the other - near the back of the class. Then she sat on the first and motioned me to the one behind.

She didn't wait for me to unbutton her shirt, she did it herself. Unfortunately, I was obstructed by a bra. I spent a good amount of time just teaching the edges and playing with the exposed parts. I tried reaching underneath, but that's easier when you read about it. Not much later she reached behind and took the bra off.

And that's how the rest of the week went for me. Whether at Law or 304, I'd be behind her and would have full access to her boobs. Her responses were soft and quiet, muffled even, but they told me what I needed to know. 

By the end of the week, I learned that she had a unique sound for everything I did. One for a gentle squeeze, one for a firm squeeze, one when I pushed them against each other, one when I lightly grazed her skin, one when I rubbed her nipples and one when I pinched and pulled them - yes! She let me do that.

Sometimes, between breaths, she would say things. Nothing on fondling, just irrelevant small-talk. I got that she was trying to make conversation, but I was generally unreceptive. At the end of the day, fun though it was, I was aware that our relationship was solely of fondling - a service rendered.

***

On Friday, as I rolled her nipples between my fingers, she muttered, "I'm going to miss your ministration."

I squeezed one of her tits and pushed another upwards - something I had just thought of at that instant - and she abruptly stopped talking. I'd do that for a while, alternating between tits.

"Guess you'll have to live without this essential part of life."

She laughed through a strained breath. I wondered if she could make an unpleasant sound.

"God, for a guy who claims to be a virgin, you're unnaturally good. You sure you haven't done this before?"

I chuckled. "Sure I have. I've been doing this ever since Tuesday!"

We both laughed at my lame joke and shitty sense of humour.

Before we parted, she told me, very kindly, "If I could, I'd definitely meet you during the weekend."

I wondered why she bothered doing that. At that moment, our relationship, essentially, was nothing different from a service of sorts. Like one goes to the barber for a haircut or to the parlour to get her brows plucked, she just came to me to get her tits fondled. Why'd she think I'd need an explanation?

***

Yeah, I thought about her an awful lot. Is that surprising? Shouldn't be, I'm pretty sure I've proved how much of a "guy" I am.

Just for clarifications, I lost all the multiplayer matches with my friends, sucked ass at soccer (which I'm alright at). Pretty much drifted away from conversation with Jill and Miranda (two of the platonic and only females in my life. Yes, they're sisters.)

I even managed to not notice my bitch of a step-sister, Sarah, when she tried to roast me with best friend, Sammie. It took them a couple of tries before they actually got me to pay them any attention. And then I responded pretty dismissively, making them lose their interest in me.

***

I fucked up the Chemistry test. While I should have been studying, Claire occupied my thoughts. Jill just happened to be telling me about how I need to get my bearings back in Chemistry when we passed Claire in the hall.

She didn't look at me, but she was aware that I had looked. In fact, everyone in the vicinity was, because Jill had said, a little loudly, "Oh my God! Kyle, stop staring at her boobs!"

I lamely muttered, with an ungodly amount of stuttering, some unfinished form of "But I wasn't!". Didn't help though, everything was looking at me laughing.

Claire ignored me, as if the whole thing didn't even happen. She just quickly scratched the side of her head with three extended fingers before turning to her locker. 3. A reminder. While I looked forward to it, I was sure I'd never hear the end of it.

***

"Thinking of my boobs?" she asked, confirming my fears, with an impish smile.

"You know it," I said, trying to appear indifferent. It would've worked, if not for my intense blush.

She opened the door, locked up, took her position and said, "I'm glad you think about them. It tells me you'll take good care of them."

She was right about that. I intended to treat her tits really well. I maintained my usual rhythm, starting very slow, then gradually build up to a moderate speed with occasional surprises.

Suddenly, I asked, "How'd you know my name?"

I don't know why I asked such an irrelevant question.

"We were in the same Geography in the tenth grade."

I paused at that. 

"How do you remember me from back then?"

She shrugged. "Guess I have an eye for detail. Why'd you stop?"

"Sorry," I said and resumed by squeezing as much flesh I could fit in between my fingers.

After a while, she said, "Kyle, I don't want to pry, but I overheard you're having a hard time in Chemistry. Is that right?"

I sighed. "Yeah." I pinched her nipples and pulled forward.

"Does it have anything to do with thoughts of tits and sex all day long?" she asked, the tone of teasing notable in her voice.

I rolled my eyes, then realised what a futile gesture that was.

"Wow, it's almost like you want be to stop," I said instead.

She laughed. That was the incredible thing about her, she never felt offended by little things. And her laugh was toxic. I found myself laughing alongside.

"Seriously though, as an aficionado of sex and your mentor, I think I deserve to know."

I sighed. Hot girls have a way of getting their say and having it their way.

"Okay, my mind might have been a little bit..." 

I pushed her boobs together while seeking the word. 

"Distracted." I switched to the slower, gentle touch for a while.

"Well, I can't really help you with that. I do know a thing or two about chemistry, though."

I chuckled at that.

"Seriously. Don't give me that cheerleader stereotype horseshit."

I chuckled again, and said, "Alright."

Giving it a thought for a few minutes while fondling small handfuls of her tits with my fingertips, I decided to ask her a bunch of questions.

I'll admit, I used to think cheerleaders were dumb bitches who had only one skill - flaunting their bodies. Claire had already showed how nice she was. That day she shattered the rest of my misinformed beliefs.

"Who knew you were such a nerd!" I exclaimed.

She groaned and replied, "Most people who bother spending a little time getting to know me."

Ouch, I thought. But I remained silent, massaging her tits.

"You know what you're problem is?" she said, but her voice didn't sound rude. I assumed that wasn't possible.

"Do tell," I said, not really caring about her opinion on.

"You don't really care much about people."

"What?" I exclaimed. "I do!"

"Sure you do," she said sarcastically. "Think about it, except for your handful of friends, how many other people do you even bother taking to? I bet you don't even try to notice people."

I froze - my hands stopped and I felt cold. Somehow the pleasure session had turned into a dissection of my personality and she had done a spot-on analysis. You don't have any idea how uncomfortable that is until it's done to you.

She always tells me to continue when I stop. Instead, she said, "We probably could have been friends before if you'd bother talking."

That was taking it too far, I thought. A teenage boy needed a staggering amount of courage to just walk up to a hot girl for even casual conversation. Especially when that guy was me.

"Do you have any idea how intimidating that is," I asked, my hands still fixed on her breasts but not mindful of them.

She snorted. "Why, because I'm unapproachable? That's bullshit. Think about it this way, you have nothing to lose. If she's a bitch, you were right. If she's nice, you probably have a new friend."

I was pretty stupefied then. Why hadn't I thought of that before? I was beginning to view my stupidity from a completely different angle.

She sighed eventually and got up while I was contemplating on how different my life would have been, had I the initiative to socialise. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't thinking of turning my life around. But I entertained the thought nonetheless.

She turned after buttoning up, fixed her hair while I stared at her face and dazzled me a bright smile.

"See you tomorrow at Law?"

I nodded. "Yeah. Don't forget to bring your tits."

Her smile visibly faltered at that. She recovered immediately, but it was more of a tight-lipped smile afterwards.

"See you," she said before leaving.

I wondered what that could have meant. 'Was it something I said?' 'What the fuck did I do?' I wondered like an idiot.