 "So what are you bringing back as a souvenir?" asked Groug. 

His colleague studiously ignored him, concentrating on the destination they were now approaching 

"Well?" demanded Groug. 

"I don't know, I'll be just glad to get this mission over and to stop having to converse with you in this strange way, I suppose," answered Erok. 

Their vehicle halted and soon two shadowy figures exited it, under the canopy of the park trees. 

"We need the final link to our quest," said Erok. 

As they entered the street lighting, their apparel was checked. The Benny hats, the denim shirts, peculiar wide legged trousers and Doc Martens. It was a warm spring evening, yet the hats were important to their mission.

"Here is one now," whispered Groug watching a woman walking her dog towards them. "Get ready," he hissed. 

Mrs Elder glanced up as the two approached. Her poodle dog snarled and flattened its ears, not normally his reaction to grown ups, more like to kids, she thought when she hushed him. He straightened up from dumping on the grass. 

"Quiet Fluff, don't be like that, good evening," she twittered pleasantly. 

Groug and Erok stared intently at her and nodded curtly and passed by, Mrs. Elder's eyes following them for some time.

"Wrong age group," said Groug, 

Erok nodded and plodded on. Mandy and Jim came out of a pub, absolutely pissed out of their minds and Erok tapped Groug on the arm. 

"Perfect except for him," he muttered. 

They walked nearer as Mandy lit a cigarette while Jim took a winding and ungainly route up a side alley to have a leak. 

"Hello fellas, ows it hanging?" she screeched. "Ere Jim, these fellas must be fucking foreigners from hot countries, they've still got their hats on," she giggled. 

Jim didn't answer, he was slumped in the alley fast asleep, having collapsed into his own puddle of piss. Erok watched him as Groug engaged the girl in conversation.

"Do you come here often?" he asked. 

"You what? You fucking daft or what?" she giggled, puffing furiously on her cigarette.

"Is that your boyfriend?" Groug then asked. 

"No, he's a fella I picked up tonight. Going for a shag, that's all. Here, you're a big lad come an join us and bring your mate, him with the funny trousers, Oh you've got them on as well," she screeched raucously. 

"Well maybe you could come with us," said Erok, joining them. "Your friend is asleep." 

Mandy frowned, puffed several times then staggered to where he indicated. Her scuffed white stilettos clattered loosely on the pavement as she reached the corner. She stuck her huge tee shirt clad chest out. The billowing tits beneath, housed in a cheap undersized bra, wobbled as she put her hands on her hips.

"Cor! Fuck me rigid," she exclaimed with not a little indignation, swaying her fleshy butt from side to side. 

Her tight black mini skirt threatened to burst round her rotund rump as she took a few faltering steps, until she was nearly falling on top of the snoring Jim, Erok caught her. His strength easily supported her, but Mandy grabbed at him, her hand finding his knee.

"God, what you got in there mate, a fucking truncheon? You cops then? Pigs?" she squawked.

As Erok tried to get Mandy to stand, she was determined to check him out and her other hand grasped at his inner thigh. She gasped in amazement and her cigarette dropped to the ground. 

"We are men, not pigs," said Erok quietly, in wonderment at the female of the species he was supporting.

"I can see that mate. Think I'm fucking stupid or what. But is that what I think it is in your pants love?" she cackled. "Cos if it is, I want a piece of that, now Jim's fucked off. No wonder you're wearing such funny pants," she told the two as Erok escorted her to the street, Mandy still trying to keep hold of his leg. 

"This is good," said Groug. "Bring her quickly." 

The twenty year old unemployed girl chuckled as they persuaded her to go with them without too much difficulty. The shadows cast by the park trees were perfect for cover and all the while, the only problem the two had was her continuous screeches, giggles, belches and wonderment at their clothes.

She grabbed at Groug's leg and whistled. 

"Blimey another full house. Me pussy's going to be fucking worn out, but I like it, I'm an Essex girl. We are going to have fun. Where we going fellas?" 

Without answering, they bundled her into a vehicle under the deep shadows of the evening, which to Mandy being as drunk as she was, looked strangely dated and an odd colour for two streetwise dudes such as these. In what looked like the back of a camper van, she watched slack mouthed, drunkenly tottering dangerously on her heels, as Erok and Groug took off their hats and she goggled at the strange protrusion sticking out of the top of their heads. They huddled in the corner and she saw them bend together and link the protrusions to a gadget. There was a loud bang and some sparks and suddenly all was bright in the surrounding space.

"Fucking hell!" she whined. "What's into you fellas? Oh my God," she wailed, trying to fumble for some sort of door latch at the same time keeping a watchful and very scared eye on them. 

The two had changed completely and Erok and Groug now stood before them in their real beings. Mandy's eyes automatically focussed between their legs as she always did with men, being from Romford but with these two, she didn't have to use her imagination about the bulge in their trousers and the packages therein.

Erok and Groug each sported a three foot long cock, at least that what she assumed it was. She screeched as she goggled at the amazing yet mouth watering, eye watering sight. 

"What the fuck, oh my god....Ooooohhhh myyyyy ggggodddddd...stay away from me," she whimpered as Erok took a step forward and she shrunk away, her eyes fixed on his great pendulous member which swayed heavily from side to side, its end just skimming the highly polished floor of the bright sparse chamber they were in. 

"do not be frightened," came an extremely loud voice from a grill in the ceiling above his head. 

As the voice metallically boomed out, Mandy trembled, watching Erok's slit of a mouth move and a rattling noise exited. Again he moved his mouth and the booming continued. "you will not be hurt. all we need is a sample from you and you can go."

"Let me go now, never mind the fucking sample," Mandy wailed, shuddering as Groug moved towards her. 

She took in their reduced height, no more than five feet tall, the short torsos and long legs, their misshapen heads like pears upside down, with huge flappy stick out ears, great mournful eyes and two holes where their noses should be, on a human that is. She noted the close cut furry substance that coated their bodies except for their faces, their chests where three nipples could be seen, their crotches and their penises. 

"Who are you guys? Tell me I'm dreaming, oh fucking hell, your cocks are enormous," Mandy cried.

Erok and Groug metallically rattled at each other but no booming voice came over the chamber, until Groug turned to Mandy and rattled. 

"is it our birthing member that disturbs you?" came the boom. 

Mandy puzzled over this one, but decided that an offensive action was the solution. Never slow to act when a fight was needed, she whipped off one of her stilettos and gestured at them with the pointed scuffed worn heel, its bare metal spike glinting in the bright lights. 

"Come any fucking nearer and you get this in your face see?" 

This took them back and they rattled frantically until Erok spoke. 

"we do not want confrontation. we are peaceful and only want your help in the form of a sample of your body fluids. i am sorry if our birthing member upsets you, but there is nothing we can do. please confirm this is what you call a cock." 

With that he hefted up his dick as if he was reeling in a hose pipe and waved it at Mandy, who stood defiantly brandishing her shoe, but could only admire, in secret, the weapon he was brandishing at her..

"Yeah, I'd call it a cock alright matey, but not what I've seen before anywhere," she answered in her uneducated whine. 

She gulped as Erok and Groug rattled at each other watching the swinging knob end and the grotesquely proportioned slit in the end which seemed to split the knob end completely. Erok turned to her but before he could communicate, she popped the question that only Mandy would do in these circumstances.

"Does it get hard? I mean, d'you get erections like?" she queried watching the quite nice silky sheen on Erok's cock, the total lack of veins and even though it was maybe two feet away from her, no lingering stench of cheesy slime which her lovers usually unveiled when they slapped their cocks at her. 

The two beings rattled and Erok answered. 

"when used for birthing it must penetrate and therefore be firm. is that what you mean? however this is irrelevant, we only need samples from you. this will not hurt you and they are natural samples so please cooperate and you can go." 

When the booming from above stopped Mandy again became fearful. They were talking samples, that was medical and the last sample she had to give was some shit for her doctor's use. Never sure why he needed it, she had given him several large turds after a night on Carlsberg lager.

"Why?" she challenged. "Why d'you want my samples?" 

Groug rattled at Erok then replied. 

"we need to create a human like you for our tests on our planet. we have all components and samples are the missing link. you are perfect for supplying them being young and female," came the boom. 

Mandy lowered her shoe and preened herself, sticking her chest out and flicking her hand through her dyed hair. She liked being called young.

"Got nice tits ain't I?" she asked, making them wobble wildly. 

Erok and Groug wore impassive expressions and were not moved. 

"And my legs are good eh?" she flashed her thighs at them. "Your women got tits an things?" 

Erok and Groug just stared, then rattled. The boom burst forth. 

"we need a blood sample, a vaginal and anal smear , a saliver smear and that is all. please cooperate, we cannot delay much longer. you will find we are expert in extracting all without distress or pain."

The word pain seared through her as it did seem to be pronounced with a certain amount of emphasis. Then the words vaginal and anal alerted her tiny mind.

"You wanna scrape my pussy then, and my arsehole? Fuck me, you don't want much. Don't mind the blood and sa... sal er...spit, but the others." 

Erok suddenly dropped his dick, which he'd been holding all this time. It slapped heavily against his legs and Mandy licked her lips. As the two weirdos rattled, a plan formed in her one track brain. It was wild, bold and fuelled by her curiosity over the weird pair's genitals.

"Tell you what fellas. I'm game for a laugh. Fuck knows who you are, but I was out for a shag tonight, then that Jim flaked out then you turned up and here we are. Two big cocks and a pussy fuelled ready to take it. You let me taste a piece of yours or both, eee!, that would be great wouldn't it - two like them, and I'll let you have a bit of whatever fluids you want OK?" she rambled. 

Her captors rattled earnestly as she weighed up how she would cope with one of their massive dicks, never mind two. Groug turned and the boom came. 

"we do not understand pussy shag flaked. please be brief we must get on with our work."

Mandy gazed at them and shook her head. Her gaudy ear rings jangled. 

"Look, did I understand that's what you call a birthing member right?" 

Erok and Groug conferred and confirmed as she pointed to their pendulous pieces.

"Right, well just stick it in here," she hoisted her skirt, pulled her thong to one side and spread her legs. 

The whole white mass of her wobbly inner thighs gleamed in the bright light, which made her juices already free flowing from her hairy quim sparkle too. 

"Either one of you or both, I don't care but lets try your member," she shrieked. "As long as you don't birth me with one of your weird kids. You do have kids do you?" she continued, splaying her legs wide and reversing up on to a bench as Erok and Groug stared impassively. 

She had never known such reticence in her sexual partners as these two who stood and stared. 

"Well come on then, fuck me. SHAG ME, put that in here, its called shagging see?" she shouted at them, pointing at their cocks and then her sloppy mott, its soaking flaps matting her profuse black pubic thatch. 

They rattled at each other. The booming came. 

"we cannot birth with you. it is impossible. you cannot procreate with us. we only need samples," said Erok.

Mandy curled her lips in disgust. 

"Fucking hell, what a pair of wimps. Come here you," she pointed at Erok and curled her finger beckoning him closer. "Come here," she bellowed when he didn't move. 

Erok looked at Groug then took a step forward. 

"You've only got to put this in here," she said softly, quickly bending and grabbing his cock. "Cor! It's lovely and silky ain't it? And heavy."

Erok tried to recoil, but Mandy had a firm grip on his member, which for all its thickness, about the same as her upper arms, was surprisingly soft and squashy so she could actually grasp a full handful round it. She curved the end up to her lips as Erok rattled at Groug. No booming came as she rolled his huge bell end across her face, grinning and cooing. 

"Here, I've just realised, you've got no balls," she suddenly screeched. "Fuck me, where does your cum come from then?

Groug rattled and the boom echoed. 

"we do not understand. please cooperate and release my colleague, we are short of time. what is balls cum................you must not do that." 

The last few words came after a short pause as Mandy squeezed the whole knob and peered at Erok's slit eye as if trying to see into it. She recoiled as two solid marble sized objects popped out from under the knob ridge. She glanced at Erok's expressionless face and then grinned. 

"Ere they are, cheeky little fellas. Fucking ballocks inside your knob and at the wrong end. You're really queer," she giggled. 

She stroked the two lumps with care, cooing at Erok who showed no sign of arousal on his face but to her amazement she found his prick start to harden. 

"Oh yeah!" she gasped. "So that's the secret. Christ it must hurt you when you sticks them in the old woman," she chuckled.

"do not do that," came the boom. 

Mandy Winfrey wasn't listening. She had the beginnings of an erection of absolutely outstanding quality in her hands and wasn't going to waste it. She thrust it down at her crotch and gulped as she realised the difference in size to what she was used to. With a deep breath she mashed Erok's knob against her steaming snatch, letting it rub her engorged clitty as she groaned with delight. 

"this cannot be," boomed out. 

She stuck two fingers up at the ceiling and pushed the elephantine tool at her minge. There was so much of his dick curving away from her, Mandy could see Erok wouldn't need to come any closer, although she did like to feel a touch wanted by the fellas when getting laid. Without signs of alien emotion she took the initiative and with a deep breath Mandy tried to cram some of Erok's dick inside her cunt. Her thong was in the way and she ripped at it, tearing the cheap material. She stretched her labia wide and crammed again, gasping and puffing, as much with the stretching of her pubic mound as with the exertion of sitting on the bench with her legs partly in the air. 

"Come on matey, help me to get it in my pussy. Cor! fuck me, you don't do much do you?" she grumbled. 

With one last bundling movement of her frantic hand, she suddenly lurched and cried out. 

"Wooooee, its in, its fucking in," she shouted peering down at her groin.. "Jesus wept, come on fella, push, fuck me, come on," she wailed.

Erok looked on, not possessing expressions and human emotions. He glanced at Groug and they rattled as Mandy proceeded to try to stuff more of Erok's dick into her. The boom came soon enough. 

"this is impossible, what can you achieve? you cannot birth with us.......... fnq2mfm)*^jdskjqw9**% 198wekjef@£k 4894t85ojevf3v!!!" 

The booming suddenly turned into a mass of white noise and gibberish as Mandy managed to bury Erok's balls inside her. His mouth went into overdrive accompanied by the clamour from the ceiling, Groug suddenly went rigid, his mouth frozen and Mandy started to scream with pleasure.

Unlike some of the cocks she had encountered, most of them drunk and therefore reluctant to rise to the bait of her wet and gaping cunt, in her thoroughly exhaustive mission to screw every male in the neighbourhood, Mandy found this one went solid immediately. Erok's more than impressive member hadn't grown any longer or thicker than that first moment she had clapped eyes on it. It had just gone extremely hard, like the piston on a huge engine, ramrod straight, perfectly round, unblemished and all of four inches inside her twat. She shuffled her butt forward and tried to impale herself further onto it, her idea of the capacity of her sex organ being tested to the full.

But in it went a further three inches helped by her greasy outpourings, fuelled by the rasping of her clitty by the sheer width of Erok's dick stretching every sinew of her labia. The din from above continued unabated as Erok merely stood as Mandy puffed in her efforts at sliding back and forth onto his shaft. 

"Come on fella, shag me, I can take it, come on," she moaned glaring at the impassive countenance atop the strange being. 

She gave up pleading and decided the best way to get as much cock as possible bunged up her was to lay back. It would open her hole more and if she let her legs flop over the edge, she could use them as levers as it was obvious Erok wasn't going to bust a gut at fucking. It worked and she thrust forward gaining two more inches until she felt the numbing pain of Erok's helmet battering her cervix. 

"Oo!" she gasped, rocking her fleshy butt on the bench in a steady motion. 

She filtered a hand to her puss pouch and found her clitoris pointing up unencumbered by the protective folds which were flattened, its base being scraped deliciously by the huge invasion. She flicked her cherry and started to gasp as the waves of orgasm built up. A few pounds overweight and definitely unfit, Mandy was blowing hard now as she rocked on the solidity inside her. The flab of her buttocks helped her motion and her climax began. She wailed and thrashed almost drowning out the white noise and continued clamour with it. 

"You gonna cum mate?" she shouted at Erok. "Cos I'm there so hurry up if you are, Oh fuck you," she whined as the stars in her eyes brightened and heaving bodily shudderings overcame her and she floated off into the state of semi-consciousness she always experienced when climaxing. 

The statuesque Erok merely stood, occasionally glancing over to Groug who was stone like, his mouth open, but no communication was possible when he saw the strange protrusion on top of Groug's head was black and curled as if burnt out.

Mandy shivered as she came too. 

"Jesus, that was something else. Christ! you're still hard. Seems bigger in there too, what you done to me? You naughty boy er... whatever," she asked pleasantly as if trying to woo the being, standing mute between her legs. 

She smiled coyly as she levered up on her elbows. Expecting to see damage to her pride and joy, all she saw was that her cunt bulged and was not a little sore round the edges even allowing for the gallons of juices she had leaked, which had now curdled into white globules gathered round the silky shaft of Erok's penis. 

"What now, we going to do it again?" she giggled. "I need a bit of a rest, then we can get more comfy eh?" 
