 (First part in a series)

Written by BB47

Warning, includes strong sexual themes. Intended for Adults only.

Jessica was too fat. 

It would be one thing if she had big fat boobs, but her breasts were just small bumps on her big fat body. I guess I'm just too nice of a guy, because it was obvious she liked me and I kept being nice to her even though she was not my type... physically. She was about five feet tall and must have weighed at least 220 lbs. I didn't want to lead her on... but shit... whatever. She stared at me all the damn time in Calculus class. It sucked, 'cause Becky sat in the next row over and she was fucking hot... and she knew it. Big boobs, blond hair. Of course, she'd never look twice at a skinny, short guy like me. In order to sneak a peek at Becky, I had to look past Jess... and I think she thought I was looking at her all the time.

She'd always follow me directly after class and walk with me to my locker and flirt. It's weird being flirted with by a girl you don't like. My buddies would mess with me later, joking about her crushing me or something. 

She had a pretty face... but it was chubby. Her only endearing trait was how much she steered the conversation towards sex. She loved to talk about weird crap... and me being a guy, it was interesting to hear a girl's perspective. She acted like she was my best friend sometimes, asking me advice. What I thought about certain sex positions. How much I liked blow jobs. She even hinted around at asking me what size my dick was. A couple of times she's even bumped against my crotch... I knew it wasn't an accident. For all of her talk, I was betting she had never even been with a guy. Best I could tell, I was the only guy who even talked to her.

Then my 18th birthday came and things started getting weird. Same old routine, she followed me out to my locker... and she was a bit more frisky that day. I knew I was going to have to let her down sometime but I felt so bad for her. She had her dark hair pulled up on her head and for whatever reason she was wearing heels. Why? Did she want to be taller today? I noticed she seemed to be wearing extra lip gloss or something. She even had more makeup on than normal. She was standing way too close. It suddenly hit me! Was she trying to get close enough to give me a birthday kiss? What the hell was this all about.?. shit! This was not good!

I maneuvered myself in such a way that made it nearly impossible for her to get into a good position. I kept turning this way and that... all the while keeping the conversation minimal and aloof. I was going to have to end this... I socially couldn't afford kissing her... nor was I even remotely attracted to her. She persisted, edging closer and closer.

"So... what did you think about those limits questions on the quiz?" she asked, flipping open her calculus book. "Look here, I think that this is the actual one that Mr. Lang used on the test," she mused, trying to get me to look. She held the book over to the side so that I would have to turn to see it. What was I going to do?

She dropped the book as I turned. Reactively, I leaned down and reached out to grab it. Somehow, she moved really fast in front of me. She slipped herself right into my path, trying to position her face in-line with mine. I think she must have practiced this move or something. Either way, it didn't turn out well.

In the act of trying to avoid her kiss, we banged heads, tripped got tangled and went down on the ground... me landing on top of her with a "thud". She yelped in pain. Books and papers went everywhere.

I felt so bad for her. And as I scrambled to get up, I could hear jeers and clapping from the rest of the kids in the hallway. I quickly got to my feet and turned to look at her. As she laid there on her back, her chubby face was red with embarrassment and her eyes were scrunched up with tears. Oh, Shit! I felt so bad... I had to help her.

Ignoring everyone else, I reached down and extended my hand out to her. She looked up and took my hand.

That's when I felt it.

Looking back, it's now obvious to me that it started on my 18th birthday. It was activated by an extreme act of empathy on my part. It's weird how things happen for a reason. I now know that had I not tried to help her at that moment, the gift would have passed me by. It was only available for a short window, at a specific time in my life and for certain reasons.

It's hard to explain the feeling. It's not technical, like a computer program... or like a body scan. It's just a sense of the other person's body.

Suddenly, for whatever reason, as my hand grasped hers, I could "feel" how her body worked. I knew where the pain was in her back where she had hit the ground. I felt the weight of the fat all around her belly. I felt the blood pumping through her heart. It was gross and cool at the same time. I had no idea what she was thinking, but I could tell from her face that she didn't share my sudden awareness. It was definitely a one-way sense.

I paused as we touched hands. My eyes went wide in disbelief; it's funny how social situations will force you to keep your cool. I resolved myself to keep calm and so I set my feet and pulled hard to help lift her up. She weighed a ton. We were both already embarrassed by the fall and I would have done anything in my power to make sure that I didn't slip and let her fall again as I strained to pull her up. Plus, I saw Becky standing there out of the corner of my eye. I didn't want to look like a weakling in front of her or anybody else.

So, in some weird way... I made her lighter. Don't ask me how it works. It's far more complicated than it sounds... but it happened.

With a few seconds, I felt Jess get lighter and I felt myself seem to get heavier, fuller. I pulled her up to her feet and she just stood there dusting herself off.

I asked her if she was ok, and she just nodded and stared at the ground, looking away from me. I didn't know what to say... and I felt really strange, so I picked up her books and papers and patted her on the shoulder. She just stood there, staring down. The other kids, sensing the drama was over, had already started to disperse. The bell rang, so I made a stupid quick joke... like, "Mom always said I had two left feet... heh." But she didn't smile. I handed her books back to her and hightailed it to my next class, leaving her standing there in the hallway alone.

I changed my mind in about 30 seconds and headed to the bathroom. My stomach felt queasy and super-full. I barely made it to toilet in time before I about blew my guts out. Thank God there was nobody else in there. I had to flush toilet two or three times but I kept on going... it was horrible diarrhea. It was freaking weird as hell! I had never shit so much in my entire life, but it just kept coming and coming, I thought it would never stop, but it finally did.

I almost threw up and ended up going to the clinic. I was running a fever... so they called my Dad and got permission for me to drive myself home.

I crashed on my bed as soon as I got home and barely remember my Mom coming upstairs to check on me that night. I woke up the next morning, Saturday, feeling a lot better.

I checked my phone and noticed that there were like a dozen texts. Everybody was checking on me. A couple of my buddies were razzing me about the "Land-whale" incident. One of the texts was from Jessica.

I sat up and clicked on it.

>>R U ok? I M so SRY bout wt hpnd. I undrstnd f U nvr wnt 2 TLK 2 me agn.

I had to think about this. First, there was the weird touch thing. I was pretty sure that something actually happened. Secondly, I needed to ask her about it. But this would be a great chance for me to cut her loose if I wanted to. The thing was, she's a really sweet person once you get to know her. And if it wasn't for her weight, she actually had an attractive personality.

I don't know if it was my curiosity about what had happened, or if I was just a nice guy... but I figured, I could pass it off as an accident and in a couple weeks maybe everyone would forget about it.

I texted her back.

>>i'm fine. HUD? [how are you doing]

A couple seconds later she responded.

>>so embarrassed, i nvr wnt 2 go bk 2 skl

I wrote back...

>>wr U hurt?

A really really long pause... and then she wrote.

>>n

Why did she pause so long?

I knew something was up. I wrote...

>>U cn caL me if U wnt

About 20 seconds later my phone rang.

"Wassup," I said.

"Oh, my God... I am sooo sorry about what happened... I was trying to grab my book and didn't know you were going to... and I hope I didn't hurt you... and everybody was laughing... I know you just hate me now," she rambled.

"Easy, easy," I said. "No worries... no harm no foul. Umm... can I ask you a question?"

"Sure," she said, her voice instantly calmer and back to normal.

"Does your body feel ok?" I hedged... wondering if I was going too far.

She paused again.

"Wha... why do... I mean... what do you mean?" she quibbled.

I breathed out, "I was just wondering... how do I say this... don't think I'm strange or anything... but did you lose weight?"

I held my breath, waiting for her to get pissed off and hang up on me.

Her voice sort of choked. There was just dead air again. Then she exploded in a blabbering torrent...

"That's so weird that you asked that... I could've swore that my scale was broken or something... you see... I know I'm overweight... you don't have to remind me... my mom thinks it's some sort of hormonal thing... but who are we trying to kid... I mean, look at my folks, they're like, huge. My house is always filled with junk food and we eat horribly and I never exercise except for gym class, where I get winded all the time and the other girls make fun of me and then I don't even want to participate and so I sit out, which makes it even worse. But I swear I lost like twenty pounds between yesterday and today. It makes no sense. So, I went and stood on my Mom's scale and it said the same thing... so I was thinking that all this time my scale has been broken or something and then it suddenly started working... but then... why would you ask that? What, do I look different? Why did you say that? Oh my God, I need to shut up."

Whoa! She could talk! There was silence for a few seconds as I took it all in.

"Uh... well... it just seemed like, for a second there... when I was helping you up... that you got lighter all of sudden. I know it doesn't make sense... but it happened. You know... when we touched hands," I said hesitantly.

"You cannot talk about this to anyone else... you have to promise me... everyone will laugh at us... and I'll deny it," I said.

She giggled for a second. "Uh... like, Duh!... like I'm going to tell anyone I lost twenty pounds in like, 5 seconds... this is so freaking weird... .are you freaked out?"

"Not really," I said. "I just don't get it... and I want to figure out whether it really happened or not."

"Uh, Mike,... weren't you listening? I already said it happened," she said sarcastically.

"Ok... ok... shit! This is just really weird. Um... so... I'm going out on a limb here... but do you want..."

"Of course I want to try it again! Can I come over?" she beamed.

I couldn't believe it, but I agreed to letting her come over. She asked her mom and a couple hours later, after I had eaten and convinced my parents that I was fine and must have just had food poisoning, the doorbell rang.

My parents are pretty cool, so they didn't care if she came up to my room so I could "help" her with her homework. Plus, she definitely didn't look like the kind of girl my parents would worry about.

We closed the door to my room and she looked around at everything entranced by it. She seemed very excited to be in a boy's room and I realized that she probably had never dated a guy before. Next thing I know, she pulled a scale out of her backpack and put it on the ground and stepped on it. It zipped up to about 200.

"See," she said. "This morning, I swear it said 220."

Next thing, I know, she laid on the ground on her back and stuck her hand up in the air. She certainly was chubby. This was surreal. She explained that she wanted to re-enact the incident.

Curiosity got the best of me, so I reached down and grabbed her hand.

Nothing.

No feeling. No sensing. Nothing.

We looked at each other. I frowned.

She wanted to know what was wrong. I pulled her back up and asked her to sit on the bed.

I paced back and forth and told her what I had felt when it had happened. The feeling, the sense of her body, everything. She sat there with her eyes all wide. I avoided her looks. This was strange enough, but I had to tell somebody.

"Oh my God!" she said. "You Have to try it again!"

I was shocked. I thought for certain she'd think I was a weirdo. 

So, we tried again. Nothing happened.

We held both hands, we tried with her sitting on the bed, we even tried with me sitting on the ground. It was getting more uncomfortable by the minute. Once again, I think she started getting embarrassed. Her cheeks flushed again and I felt bad for her. I think I got her hopes up and now it all seemed like a bunch of nonsense. She sat down on the edge of the bed with a frown. I sat down next to her to console her. This whole thing was probably a fluke... I reached over to touch her arm and bingo. It happened again.

This time, I didn't rush it. I tried my best to understand what I was doing. Slowly, I 'willed' her to lose weight again but this time I simultaneously tried to figure out where it was going. She froze, staring at my face. I must have looked intense... staring at her arm like that. She realized something was happening.

And there it was. I could feel my stomach getting full again. I certainly didn't want to go through another diarrhea episode again. I wondered if I could put it somewhere else other than inside my digestive tract. 

Instantly, I felt my outer belly start to get larger. All of the fat was giving me a huge pot-belly, stretching out my shirt and expanding far into my lap. It didn't hurt at all.

I closed my eyes, feeling her body shape change inside my mind. 

"Oh my God," she moaned, "I can feel it happening... it feels so good... I can feel you touching me all over... ohhh yes... my breasts are so tender... they feel so tight, like they're filling up with water... ohh," she shuddered in pleasure.

I was a little scared at what would happen to me if I took too much, so after a minute I stopped and broke contact with her.

She stood up and squealed. Running over to the mirror on the back of my door. 

"SHHHH!!" I shushed loudly. "My parents are still down there."

Her clothes hung loosely on her body, except around her bustline. She was still heavy-looking, but the weight loss was a dramatic change. She looked a lot better.

She spun in a circle giggling in front of the mirror. Shocked at her own appearance. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. She turned and positively beamed at me in a wide eyed bliss.

"Holy Crap," she said. "This is crazy!... this is crazy!... this is awesome... YOU are awesome... you are the greatest... oh my God, oh my God, oh my God!" she rambled as her hands slid over her waist and hips under the baggy T-shirt and jeans she had wore over to the house. Her hands slid up to her bust and paused noticing that her small breasts had easily turned into full "D" cups.

She paused, staring at my distended belly. Joy melted into concern.

"Oh... crap... are you going to be ok... oh, no... please tell me you are going to be ok... I couldn't stand it if something..." she spoke as she edged closer to me.

I stood up slowly and groggily and walked past Jessica to the mirror. My huge belly sticking out from my body like a pregnant woman in her 9th month. I felt so bloated, I couldn't believe it. Luckily, my sweat pants could handle the gain. A million emotions were going through my body, but fear wasn't one of them. Somehow, I knew. I knew what to do.

I wasn't the smartest kid, but even I knew that muscle and bone were way denser than fat. I took off my stretched out shirt and looked in the mirror. Huge and bloated, I had no idea how much weight I had absorbed from her. My belly was stretched so thin that it almost looked translucent. I truly looked pregnant.

Closing my eyes, I focused. Sensing the fat in my belly, I also could see my inner workings like I saw hers. I willed the fat to turn into muscle and bone.

And just like that, the transformation began. As she watched me, wide eyed, my stomach began to shrink. Simultaneously, my entire body grew a little taller and a little more muscular. Within a minute, it was complete and I opened my eyes.

I looked a lot better. I had grown about an inch taller and had a slightly better physique. Hell yes.

She laughed and came up and gave me a huge hug. But then she wouldn't let go. She was snuggling her face into my chest and squeezing me like a teddy bear. I guess I had made her day. I really noticed her larger bust. I could feel her new boobs press against me... and regardless of her weight, I was not only turned on by their presence against me and the fact that I had made them grow... but also by the possibility of her actually getting bigger in the future. I didn't have any of the queasiness from before. This could turn out quite good.

Finally, she released and went over and jumped on the scale. It came up to 160. She had dropped 40 pounds in under a minute. When I asked her if she had any loose skin and she winked and said, "why, do you want me to take my clothes off so you can see? Especially these puppies," she said bouncing her boobs, "I'm liking this side effect."

The old Jess was back. Flirting just as bad as before. Except for now, she was a little better looking.

We decided not to try any more today and see if there were any side effects. But we planned to get back together tomorrow afternoon to see. We discussed what she would tell her parents. She said that she would make up some sort of lie about a new diet. Hopefully, nobody would ask too many questions.

Unfortunately, they did.

She didn't come over the next day. Nor was she in school on Monday or Tuesday. She didn't respond to any of my texts or calls and I was beginning to get worried. One good thing was that I had a clear view to see Becky during class. Of course, she never looked over. I doubt she even knew my name. A couple of my buddies asked if I had been working out... and I said yeah, that I was taking some new bulk-up powder from the health store and working out like crazy. However, my parents didn't seem to notice. I spent some of my time at night closing my eyes and focusing in on myself. I tried making some minor changes, but it didn't seem to work. It was like I needed her body to make it happen.

When I walked into class on Wednesday, there she was. A couple of her friends were talking to her and giggling. She immediately glanced over at me and winked. I noticed that there didn't seem to be any side effects. But she had new clothes on that seemed to fit a lot better. Her boobs actually looked good. Her dark hair was longer looking even though it was still right above her shoulders and she had put a red stripe into it. She had makeup on again.

After class, she came right up to me and we walked silently to my locker. 

"Is everything ok?" I asked.

"Fine," she said softly. "I love the attention. All my friends keep asking me how I lost so much and how I look great and to keep up the good work. Stacy told me that she didn't remember me having big boobs... hee! I'm so sorry I haven't talked to you... if you texted me or called me I couldn't answer... I got in trouble with my parents... I didn't actually ask to go over to your house that day... I'm not allowed to do that... my parents are really strict. So... essentially, I'm grounded and they took my phone away and turned it off... but they're also concerned about my body... they wanted to know if I was throwing up or doing something bad, so they took me to the Doctor on Monday and Tuesday and ran all kinds of tests on me... only to find out that I'm perfectly healthy. Actually, more than healthy. The doctor said I was in amazing health and blamed the whole thing on some sort of unpredictable hormonal shift. He said that I'm having a late puberty burst. He asked my mom to get with the nurse about getting me into a proper bra. He even told my parents that he wouldn't be surprised if I lost even more weight!"
