 ***************

A note from the author:

This is my very first story submission, and the first chapter of, what I hope to be, a series. I realize that there will be many unanswered questions after reading this chapter, many things that were hinted at but not explained. The next chapter will have many answers and more background information. I have started the next chapter and am already thinking chapters ahead so hopefully you will enjoy the first chapter and come back for more! Enjoy!

***************

She stirred slightly and slowly opened her eyes. The light streamed in and immediately blurred her sight as she blinked her eyes slowly to banish the sleep. She stretched out lazily and shut her eyes again to enjoy the warmth of the morning sun on her body and the cool feeling of stone beneath her. Bringing her arms down from their stretched position above her head, she began to blindly roam her body with her soft hands. Her modest-sized breasts fit perfectly into each hand and her nipples rose to meet her fingers as they gently brushed over them. Her slim, tight, stomach felt soft as a baby's skin. An open meadow leading south to the island she sought. Her hands made their way down, as far down as they could reach, until they found the familiar wetness dripping from her small slit. She stopped and acknowledged the alarm going off in the deep recesses of her mind. She knew the risk, or at least she knew the stories. 

"Risk makes it all the more exciting," she thought as she slowly inserted just her fingertip into her body, careful not to come close to her virginal barrier. She shuddered in pleasure at the tiny, secret, invasion and opened her legs wide to the let the sun's warmth bathe the opening of her pussy and thought, "Gods this feels amazing how could anything that feels this good be wrong?" 

She wiggled her fingertip slightly and used her other hand to lightly brush a finger over her clit, making her moan softly. Beyond the pleasure, back in those deep recesses of her mind, that alarm started ringing a bit louder. The last of her sleep-induced haze was wearing off and allowing her logical mind to take the wheel. Still as a statue, realization washed over her making her heart race and blood run cold. 

She sat up quickly and opened her eyes, frantically blinking to force them to focus. The stone surrounding her was unfamiliar. The hole cut in the stone ceiling that was letting sunlight in was not only unfamiliar but strictly forbidden in the homes of her village. She was completely naked, stripped of the magically protected underwear she had worn since her first bleed at age twelve. "Oh, no. No, no, no. Where am I?" she thought frantically. "What have I done?" 

"Do not scream." said a voice from behind her.

She whipped her head around toward the sound of the voice only to realize that she was, in fact, behind bars. On the other side of the bars was a round, stone, table where a man sat facing her. He wore a long black tunic that tied around his neck and flowed freely down just past his knees. His black hair matched his skin and his eyes were an unsettling mixture of kindness and danger. His face was neither handsome nor ugly yet something about him made her heart race - and not necessarily in a bad way. When he stood from his seat at the table, her heart began to race even faster. The man was enormous. His height was not unlike the men in her village, at most six feet tall, but his body was covered in layers of muscle. They rippled and bulged with every movement as he walked closer to her bars, sat down in front of them, and crossed his legs. When he spoke, his voice was soft and friendly. 

"Please, do not yell out, small one. I did not mean to startle you. I would have spoken earlier but you had not yet opened your eyes and you were... ehm... well... I thought to allow you a moment of pleasure before making myself known," he said. "My name is Sarchentru. You may call me Sarch, if you wish. I am to be your... handler. Your trainer, I suppose. What is your name, small one?" 

The shock of her situation had caused her to forget that she was totally naked as she listened to Sarch talk. She may have gone on not remembering that detail if it hadn't been for his eyes. He spoke to her, well, at her, but his eyes wandered every inch of her body. "What have I done?" she thought again. He shifted his body numerous times, as if to find a more comfortable position, but the bulge underneath his very loose-fitting tunic made the true reason clear. 

She looked down at the floor, shaking uncontrollably, unable to form words or even thoughts. After a few moments, Sarch spoke again. Only this time, his soft, friendly, voice was very different. "You will answer me when I ask a question of you," he said with a growl that made her head snap up to face him and a small whimper escape her mouth. "Your name...now." 

Tears streaked her cheeks and she shook so hard her teeth were clattering together. The danger in his eyes overwhelmed her entirely. She tried to force herself to answer him, terrified of what he may do if she did not. She opened and closed her mouth a few times before finally squeaking her response, "My name is Cheynier. Chey." He nodded approvingly, and the muscles in his shoulders seemed to relax. 

"Good. Cheynier, Chey," he said. "You know where you are, correct? And why you are here?" She whimpered again and nodded her understanding. 

"What have I done?" she asked, this time out loud. The question was rhetorical, there was no answer, not one that she did not already know. He stared at her, waiting for what he knew was coming, watching as she pulled her knees to her chest to meet her head and began to sob. Through her sobs she heard Sarch whisper softly, "Think back to the last thing you remember. Remember it. Picture it..." 

 "We shouldn't be here, Chey." Dragul whispered urgently as he followed his girlfriend toward the southern wall of the village. 

"Come on, live a little! Aren't you curious? The tree is right here, let's go! Up and over. Don't you want a little privacy?" she asked sweetly as she climbed the tree, stopping briefly to wiggle her butt and wink at him.

"Chey, stop!" he begged. " We're not supposed to leave the village. There are rules for a reason, do you want to be taken? Let's just go back to your house."

Chey giggled, looking down from the top of the wall. "Touching me is just as forbidden there as it is here, Dragul. And I don't want to be quiet..." she said coyly. Before Dragul could answer, she disappeared over the wall. 

"Fuck," he said under his breath. After a few seconds of consideration, he raced up the tree and over the wall. When he landed he got nose-to-nose with his insolate girlfriend and sternly said, "It may be forbidden for me to fuck you, but at least the houses are cloaked and I can touch you safely. There's no magic out here, Chey. No fucking magic. They will sense you. Do you want-" Chey latched her mouth on to his, effectively ending his scolding, and snaked her tongue into his mouth to explore. A resigned moan sounded from Dragul and he probed at her with his tongue, wrapping it around hers. 

She pulled away, panting, and looked him in the eye. "I know you can't fuck me, not properly, not yet. I will honor that ancient rule. But I won't let the beliefs of my ancestors stop me from having some fun. And anyway, if the old stories are true, the Torpentri can only sense the essence of female orgasms or the joining of man and woman. So I won't have an orgasm and you won't fuck me and the boogeyman won't come take me away. Now..." His hands caressed and kneaded her body while she talked. Clearly he had abandoned the argument, which was odd. It wasn't like him to give up so easily. 

He rubbed his body against hers and she felt his hard cock press hard into her waist. She was starting to feel funny. Intense. Intensely horny. More than she usually felt when she met up with Dragul for their usual heavy petting. Her thighs felt wet and slippery, her juices overflowing from her slit. He lifted her dress over her head, ripped off her protective underwear, and took a step back to take all of her in. He watched as she panted with anticipation, shifting her weight from leg to leg.

Suddenly he was reminded of something his father had once said, something about the powers of the forest beyond the wall. Powers that cause men and women to abandon reason and indulge in the forbidden. Powers that make it easier for the Torpentri to target women. "Fuck...wait," he said, slowly backing away. 

"Oh, no you don't." Chey said, panting with determination and need.

"Gods you're so sexy" he said as she walked toward him, already forgetting about the danger. His hands found her perfect, round, ass and squeezed, pulling her to him so her breasts smashed against his chest. He jumped when he suddenly felt something on his dick. Aside from his own hands, and gently rubbing against Chey through clothes, he had never been touched there. "Oh my Gods, baby, yes. Fuck," he groaned. She stroked eagerly, with their bodies still pressed together, pumping his cock and rubbing her breasts into his body. Dragul closed his eyes and lost himself in the pleasure, seeming to not notice when Chey led him by the cock to the trunk of a nearby tree, pumping and stroking. He didn't snap out of it until he felt a warm wetness on the head of his cock. When he opened his eyes he saw his gorgeous girlfriend with her back against the tree, one leg out to the side, lining his pulsing cock up to her dripping pussy. 

"NO!" he exclaimed and pulled himself out of the danger zone. The warm, wet, beautiful, danger zone. "Chey, no. No, baby." But she was not to be deterred. She wasn't in control. She was so hot, so horny, she couldn't stop. She was so close. Like a striking snake she reached out and grabbed Dragul's shoulders, forcing him to his knees. "Wha-" he started as she grabbed his head and pulled it to her waiting slit, resting her left leg on his shoulder. She rubbed her cunt on his nose and mouth, that contact alone making her moan deeply. 

"Fuck me with your tongue. Please, please Dragul, fuck me with your tongue." She begged, grinding herself against his face. All was forgotten once he got a taste of her juices. His hands went to her ass and he pulled her pussy close, hard against his face, and thrust his tongue deep into her slit. "FUCK YES OH GODS YES," Chey screamed. "Don't stop. Oh FUCK don't... stop." But he did stop. He withdrew his tongue from her body only long enough to lock his mouth around her clit. He sucked and licked her nub mercilessly while she thrashed and screamed in ecstasy. 

"Nuggnhnhhf" was all she could say when he inserted one finger into her pussy and one into her tiny asshole while continuing his assault on her clit. She could barely breathe as a warm, tingling, feeling started to grow in her stomach. She knew what it meant and she knew she should stop it but when Dragul started pumping his fingers hard and fast into both of her holes and doing circles on her clit with his tongue, she screamed, "ahhhhhhh fuck yes I'm cummingggg", and held his head hard against her to keep him from stopping as every muscle in her pussy and ass tightened around Dragul's fingers and the earth shattered into a million pieces all around her. The pleasure was so intense that her vision began to narrow until it seemed like she was staring down a long tunnel. And then, blackness. Nothing but blackness. 

"That's right, Chey. Remember. Good girl," Sarch's smooth voice cut through the intense memory and made her scream. That surprise was nothing compared to the words that she heard come out of her mouth next.

"Oh, Gods yes, fuck yes!" she screamed. "Wait, what? Why-?" she thought to herself as she got her bearings and looked around. She was spread out on the ground, legs splayed to the sides, while Sarch pumped his thick fingers in and out of her holes like pistons. 

"Is this how he did it?" he asked her. Before she could answer, or even register what was happening, he dropped his head down and latched onto her clit with his mouth, expertly sucking and tonguing her clit. She didn't stand a chance, she exploded instantly, cumming all over Sarch's hands and the floor. "Excellent, Chey, truly," he said. "We need to work on how long you can last before an orgasm, but you'll get there." The large man withdrew his fingers from Chey's holes and stood up. It wasn't until that moment that she realized he, too, was naked. He walked toward her dazed body, still sitting like a lump on the floor, and stopped inches from her face. Tears freely flowed down her cheeks when she realized what he was doing. 

"There's no way. It's too big!" she thought in horror as his enormous black cock dangled and twitched in her face. It seemed to be the same girth as her forearm and damn near the same length, though she couldn't be sure, scared as she was.

"It is critical that you are broken in on your first day," Sarch explained. "Our training regiment is as it is for very sound reasons. I tend to think that the new girls should have a day to settle in and process but with you...well, I will enjoy this very much. Your essence is stronger than any I have tasted. They will be pleased with you when you are ready for them." He looked down at her and stroked her long blonde hair while he talked, slowly nudging her head closer and closer to the monster cock swaying between his legs.

Chey looked away and closed her mouth tightly, afraid that if she opened her mouth to talk he would seize the opportunity and plunge himself down her throat. "Oh, no. Do not do that. Do not ever do that. Slaves who refuse do not live very long." Slaves. That word stung her like a million whip lashes. Slaves. "Now, behave.," he continued. "It would be a shame to waste such a responsive body. Anyhow, it is not your mouth I want, small one." In one swift action, Sarch lifted her up, sat himself down with his back to the wall near the bars, and settled Chey onto his lap in a straddling position with her body pinning his cock down, the shaft pressed against her opening. 

"No, no, please. Please don't do this," she pleaded between sobs. "Please." Her words were met with a sharp, hard, slap to her face that instantly shut her up. 

"You do not refuse, Chey," he growled. "It is my job to train you, and train you I will. You have much to learn if you want to survive here. This, what is about to happen, is inevitable. I will fuck you, you cannot stop me. If you try, if you beg or fight, you will be punished. Behave, and I will do my best to limit your discomfort." Chey continued to tremble while he spoke, all too aware of his now rock hard cock twitching between her legs, but his words calmed her a bit and she looked meekly into his eyes. Sarch was silent for a few moments, considering his next words carefully.

"Do not mistake my words for weakness," he warned her. "I will be kind towards you if your behavior warrants it. If you are good, you will receive pleasure. Your pleasure, well, your orgasmic energy, is why you are here. It is what is needed. But preparing you for your role here will not all be pleasant." She had so many questions. All of them floating around her mind trying to find their way to her mouth to present themselves to this man that she sat atop of. Sarch sensed this. This was not his first charge, they all had questions. Many used their questions to delay and avoid the inevitable. So to avoid this distraction he said, "Your questions will be answered - later. Now, you may scream, you may cry, you may make any sound you wish, this time. But what you will not do is refuse. You will not beg me to stop or refuse in any way. Understood?" 

It was a good thing that he gave her leave to cry, because the tears were already flowing down her pretty face. When she nodded, he gripped her by the waist and lifted her straight up, freeing his cock from under her body. It sprang straight up as if to proudly show off it's enormous size. She braced herself in preparation of being lowered onto the monster in front of her, but instead she continued to rise. Sarch lifted her up with ease, placing her right leg over his right shoulder then did the same with the left, positioning her cunt at his mouth. 

To her horror, her intense fear quickly morphed into anticipation. She watched as his eyes explored his prize between her thighs with a look of hunger. Then he reached to the side, snaking his hand between the bars of her cage, and grabbed a bottle full of tablets. "These were fashioned by our warlock," he said. "They will intensify your pleasure and limit your pain. They will also lengthen the experience. With these, you will need a lot of stimulation before you will have an orgasm. There is power in the build-up, Chey. This one is a freebie. If you want them in the future, you will earn them." 

He stuck out his long, thick, muscular, tongue and placed a single tablet onto it. "Lock your hands around the top of my head, Chey." She barely had time to obey before he plunged his tongue into her slit, causing her to gasp loudly. He held his tongue in place, wiggling the end of it slightly. Seconds later, her heart started racing and fluttering and she felt her pussy grow more and more wet.

"The magic..." she thought. "Oh, Gods, he's going to rape me and he's going to use magic to make me think I like it!" The thought made her want to die on the spot. She tried to resist the magic coursing through her body, she really did, but all of her willpower was no match against it. It just felt too good to resist.

Sarch held still, his tongue filling her more than she had ever been filled, waiting. He didn't have to wait long before she started squirming, rotating her hips, pushing herself hard against his mouth, doing everything she could to get him to do something, anything. He took the cue pulled his tongue back slowly, rotating it around to touch every inch of her on it's way out before thrusting it back into her, hard. 

"Oh, shit," She growled as he picked up the pace, fucking her with his tongue while pressing and rubbing her sensitive clit with the tip of his nose. She used his body and the wall behind him as leverage to straighten her upper legs out, pushing herself away from him, each time he pulled his tongue out and then slamming herself back toward him to meet it. He stilled himself and leaned against the wall with his tongue sticking straight out, allowing her rock her body back and forth onto his face as she pleased. 

"So...big... tongue...big," she panted as she fucked Sarch's long tongue fast and hard. "So...good...feels...big...tongue...fuck... tongue...good." She rambled and moaned incoherently, eyes shut tight to focus on the pleasure that racked her body, making her temporarily forget her terrifying situation. And then it stopped. That thick, glorious, tongue, was just gone. No longer lined up with her cunt. "Ugh, more. Please. More," she pleaded breathlessly. She humped forward blindly, wildly, desperate to be filled with his tongue. Instead Sarch removed her legs from his shoulders and began to lower her. 

Chey's eyes shot open and pleasure was replaced with panic as she felt something rub against the opening of her pussy. "Oh, no, Gods, no," she thought, careful to not say the words aloud and suffer the consequences. Her body, thanks to the magic, was still in desperate need to be filled again. Her mind, however, had temporarily broken free and was screaming in fear. 

Sarch lowered her slowly, pushing the head of his dick past her folds and into her body, and then froze. Chey tensed at the feeling of being stretched. Even just the head of his cock stretched her tiny slit more than ever before but after a minute of no movement, she adjusted the feeling and relaxed a bit. He began to slowly lower her again, but this time he didn't stop. He didn't rush, but he didn't stop. 
