 Eric was what is known as a child prodigy. He graduated from high school at the age of fourteen. He was accepted at MIT on a full scholarship. He got his PHD in physics at the age of eighteen. After graduation her returned to his childhood home. His parents owned two hundred acres of orange groves.

Since he was six years old his favorite time was spent sitting in the back yard looking up at the stars. He wondered what wonderful things were out there. Space travel had only advanced to exploration of the solar system. He wanted to explore more. He felt that he was born at the wrong time. In time to wonder what was out there, but too soon to explore.

He had often discussed it with his parents but they didn't share his dream.

While he was waiting for answers to the resumes he had sent out he helped his Dad with the farm work. One night while he was looking at the stars his Dad came and sat beside him.

"Beautiful, aren't they son. Amazing things out there. More than we can even think of."

"I know it won't happen, but it's my dream to go out there and find things. Amazing things."

"There's a man coming in a few days I want you to meet. He's been here before but you've never met him. I think you'll find him very interesting."

"What does he do, Dad. Is he an old friend or what?"

"I guess you would call him a buyer. We've been doing business for many years. He comes every so often and buys some of our oranges. But that's not why I want you to meet him. You'll understand more when he gets here."

"You make him sound very mysterious."

"He is. You'll see."

****************** 

Three days later Eric is jolted awake by his alarm. He gets dressed and wanders to the kitchen. His Dad is sitting there drinking a cup of coffee.

"Mornin, Dad. What's on tap for today."

"Gonna be a big day today."

"Really. A surprise of some kind."

"Yep, I think so. Pour yourself a cup and I'll make you some bacon and eggs."

Eric sips his coffee wondering what the big surprise is. Not many new things happens on a farm like this. Sorta like Groundhog Day. You notice that things change with the seasons.

He finishes breakfast and his Dad speaks.

"Come out back. I want to show you something."

"Is this the big surprise."

He just smiles as they walk out the back door.

"What do you see, son?"

"Umm the back yard"

"Hon, come out."

An object appears that looks about the size of an SUV. A door opens and a small man walks out. He is about four feet tall. He looks very humanoid but with subtle differences.

"Son, meet Hon. My old friend and business associate."

Eric's mouth has dropped open. He looks at his Dad.

"Hello, Hon. Nice to meet you."

"Eric. I've been waiting a long time to meet you. Please don't be too shocked at my appearance. We'll have a nice talk and I'll explain everything."

"Yeah, that would be great."

They go in and sit at the kitchen table. Eric notices that Hon has an orange. His Dad pours two cups of coffee and sits. They watch Hon as he peels the orange. He separates all the segments and lines them up in front of him. He leans down and smells them. 

"My treat for the morning."

He picks up one slice and pops it in his mouth. His eyes close and his head leans back. He bites down on it and shivers. He slowly chews it up and swallows it. He keeps going till all of the orange is gone.

"Good crop this year, my friend. The best in a long time."

"Maybe I should raise the price on you."

"Spoken like a true business man. These are worth what ever you ask. Just name your price."

"I'll keep it the same. I don't want to kill the goose that lays the golden egg. We've been at this too long for me to take advantage of you.

"I'll want three thousand of your pounds this time. The demand is great out there."

"Dad, what the hell is going on here.

"Hon buys my oranges and sells them. We've been doing this for years. He pays me in gold."

"Eric, lad. Let me explain. I'm from the planet Alderon in the Andromeda galaxy. I'm a trader. I love making a good deal. This is the only planet I know of that has oranges. There are places that will pay a handsome price for them. I discovered them about two hundred years ago."

"Andromeda galaxy? That's thousands of light years away. How do you travel such great distances?"

"We have technology beyond anything you can dream of here. Your planet is still using oil for your energy. Space and time are irrelevant to us. It's hard to explain to someone of limited knowledge. I don't mean to be condescending, but you wouldn't be able to grasp the concept. Your planet will eventually evolve enough to understand it if you survive."

"What do you mean by survive. Are we doomed to extinction?"

"Not necessarily, but extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception. Many civilizations have gone extinct even here on your planet."

"Can you save earth from that?"

"No. It's an unwritten law. Space time travelers won't interfere with a planets evolution. It would cause more harm than good. For example, if we gave you our power source it would throw your planet into chaos. Everyone involved in your energy fields for their livelihood would be left out. Millions would be with out work and be unable to buy food. Your leaders wouldn't know what to do."

"What is the most prevalent cause of extinction?"

"Natural causes like a meteor strike or a large solar flare. The warming of you planet now may cause it. Your leaders are becoming aware of it and may act in time. The one that bothers me the most is not surviving the use of artificial intelligence. We could warn your leaders but they wouldn't listen. Your scientists are aware of the problem. Time will tell if your leaders will listen."

"How old are you in earth years?"

"Roughly six hundred and fifty. But age is irrelevant too."

"It isn't natural for you to live that long?"

"No, I have a regeneration technology on my ship. It keeps me young. My natural life span is about one hundred of your earth years."

'My mind is going crazy with all of this. I couldn't see your ahh vehicle in the yard. You must have some sort of cloaking technology."

"Yes. That's my shuttle craft. My ship is on your moon now."

"Try this for crazy. How would you like to come with me. We can go to places you can't imagine."

"Umm, oh, ahhh. I don't know what to say. All of this is overwhelming me. Yesterday I was a college graduate waiting for answers to my resumes. Now all this has hit me."

"I understand. I'll be here for a few days. We can talk more. You don't have to decide now."

"Damn, Dad. When you said surprise you really meant it."

"Son, this is your dream. Here's your chance to live it."

***************** 

I stood watching the rear view screen. The the solar system slowly faded into nothing. The only home I ever had was back there. I looked at the forward view screen. The thought hit me; out there is my dream and my destiny. I shivered as goose bumps popped up.

Hon was watching me with a big smile.

"Well, Eric. Nothing to say?"

"I'm about to pee my pants. Never in my wildest dream did I think this would happen."

"Enjoy it while you can. I need to teach you how to operate the ship. It will take a while."

"Are we on some time schedule?"

"If you want we can set the time sequences to run at earth time. You'll probably be more comfortable. Soon you won't think about time."

"Not think about time?"

"No, The way I've been able to live so long is I have a regeneration chamber. It's almost like immortality."

"You mean I'll never get old?"

"You can pick an age or physical condition to regenerate to. You're young and healthy now. You could just stay as you are."

"OK, I'll go with this age."

"Come with me."

He led me toward the back of the shit.

"Pet, open regen chamber."

A panel slid back and inside I saw some sort of a chair. It looked like a recliner.

Sit here, Eric. It will scan you.

"What's Pet."

"My name for the system. You can name it anything you want. Pet was one of my old friends."

I sat in the chair and the panel slid shut. I heard Hon give a command. My body tingled for a few minutes. Then the panel slid open.

"There, that's done. You should regen about every two weeks. You can go once a month if you want. It will return you to your current state."

"Wow. Here I am flying off into outer space as an immortal."

"The new will wear off in a few years."

"I hope not. This is amazing."

"Pet, scan Eric. You will be at his command."

"Can Pet talk to me?"

"Yes. It has a voice synthesizer. You can pick a voice too. A female, perhaps."

"Can I change the name too?"

"Oh course. Maybe one of the females you were fond of."

"Pet, change you name to Amy. Please acknowledge."

"Name change entered."

"Now, Amy. Change your voice to a sultry female."

In a soft quiet voice Any answered. It reminded me of an old movie star in black and white. The beautiful Sophia Loren. I would play with it more later.

"Where are we going, Hon?"

"I'll let you know after you've finished your training. I need to exchange oranges for fuel soon."

"Speaking of fuel, what kind of propulsion does the ship have?"

"You would call it a matter anti matter reactor. It has almost unlimited power. This ship takes a lot of energy to maintain all of the systems. The cloaking takes the most because it's a shield too. Also the Chameleon requires a lot also."

"What's Chameleon?"

"It you land on a planet it take the shape of the surface under the ship. I use it when I regen. I park on an asteroid. With the shield and Chameleon no one can see me. Sometimes I regen in the tail of a comet. It's a good place to hide. The ship does it's best to protect us but I like to be aware of the surroundings."

"Do we have a weapons system?"

"Yes, but I've never had to use it. The cloaking works so well it's not necessary. I just go away from danger. It's abhorrent to me to take a life. We aren't cloaked now. I'm saving fuel. It's quite a distance to the nearest object. The ship scanners will keep watch for us if we need to cloak.

****************** 

Over the next month Hon showed me how to run the ship. It was all computer driven. All I had to do was learn to be careful how I sent it commands. There was a large data base with everything the ship could do.

The propulsion was amazing. It could cause a warp in time space and go anywhere almost instantly. Something similar to a worm hole I had learned about. It was something like in the old Star Trek series only it was on steroids.

****************** 

"Eric. Now that you know how to run the ship I have something to tell you. When I was a young man like you I had the same dream. I've been places and seen things that are truly amazing. It's time for you to take over for me. I want to go home and live out the rest of my time. I want you to take the ship and go out there and see the amazing things I saw."

"I don't quite know what to say. Are your sure I can do it?"

"Quite sure. You're intelligent and a dreamer. This is perfect for you."

"I suppose some sort of thanks are in order but I'm at a loss for words."

"Not to worry. I understand. Amy, Alderon in one hour, please."

We chatted as he packed his personal belongings. He reassured me that I would be fine. I had some misgivings but my dream was calling. I felt like a teenager on my first date.

We arrived at Alderon and he took the little shuttle down. An hour later it returned. I looked around and spoke to Amy.

"Well, old girl. It's just you and me now."

"Acknowledge, Eric."

"Amy, from now on you will address me as Master."

"Acknowledge, Master."

"Amy. We need to refuel. Set a course to the nearest facility. Arrive in one half hour."

"Yes, Master."

One half hour later we were in orbit around a class M (earth like) Planet. It had a name I couldn't pronounce.

"Amy, contact the fuel depot and arrange resupply and repairs. Tell me when you're done."

"Yes, Master."

I spent the next hour reading the system data files. I thought it would be good to do a refresher now and then.

"Master, refuel and repairs complete."

They took their payment of fifty oranges.

"Thank you, Amy. Now Scan for an asteroid and land on it. Engage Chameleon and shields when we land. I need to regen."

"Yes, Master."

A few minutes later I was on an asteroid. It was rather large. About thirty miles in diameter. It would do just fine.

"Amy, Scanner in passive mode."

"Yes, Master."

***************** 

All my senses came back on line and the door slid open. I stepped out and stretched. I felt like I woke up from a good nights sleep. Not only that, but I was starving. I was always hungry after regen.

"Amy, a bowl of chili number three, a glass of milk number one and some chips number four."

'Yes Master."

I pulled my food out of the processor and set it on the table. I sat and just as I started to pick my my spoon I felt a tingling.

"Amy. What am I feeling."

"Unknown, Master.

"Engage shields"

"Shields are engaged, Master."

I should have been invisible unless my Chameleon was malfunctioning.

"Amy, Check Chameleon and Shields for malfunction."

"Chameleon and Shields are operating within normal parameters."

The tingling increased and I blacked out.

I woke later. I had no sense of how much time passed. It could have been weeks, days of minutes. I was standing on a low pedestal about a foot high. I tried to move. My arms and legs were paralyzed. I could only turn my head.

Looking around I saw some strange looking furniture. Chairs, low daybeds and some tables. No one was there. I heard what I thought were voices coming from somewhere close. After a few minutes a woman appeared. My mouth dropped open. She was stunning. As she stepped closer I saw that she had some characteristics that weren't totally like earth women. A fine fuzz covered her body. It looked like the fuzz on a peach. Her eyes were violet. She stopped in front of me and looked me up and down.

She struggled to speak for a second. The words were close but I couldn't understand her. She cleared her throat and looked at me again.

"Eric. Welcome to my dwelling."

"Who are you and why have you kidnapped me?"

"We brought you here for a brief visit. We hope you will enjoy your stay."

"You brought me here without asking. That's kidnapping. It's unheard of in my culture."

"We have no choice. We need your help."

"You should ask first. Maybe I won't help you."

"You will. You will soon beg to help us."

"You seem very sure of yourself. What if I resist?"

She didn't answer. She seemed confident in what she said.

I looked down at myself and realized I was naked. My cock was at half mast. She looked at it and smiled.

"You are strong and quite large. This pleases me."

Her hand went out and gently gripped my cock. Her warm soft fingers curled around it. Her other hand gently lifted my balls. She looked up at me.

"Admirable. You will brings us many children."

"What are you saying? You want me to give you children?"

"Yes. In return you will experience pleasure beyond your dreams. You will enjoy you time here with us."

"I don't intend to co-operate with you. I will resist with all my might."

"No. You will do as we ask."

I struggle to move. I was going to punch her and and try to escape. I couldn't move. I watched as she walked over to a small table. She picked up what looked like a necklace. As she walked closer I saw it was a gold chain with a cloth pouch attached to it. She stood in front of me and smiled. She looped it over my head and let it fall on my chest. An odor of some flower filled my nostrils. A feeling of peace and contentment came over me. She took my hand and I found I can move.

"Come with me Eric and meet my people."

She lead me outside. As we step out I see a group of women. The look similar but their fuzz is slightly different. There are varying shades of pink, blue and gray. They all have perfect bodies. All of their eyes meet mine and smiles appear for a few seconds. Then their eyes drop down to my cock.

The start walking toward me. The first one looks into my eyes and her hand finds my cock. She gently caresses it and lifts my balls. I hear a purring growl coming from deep in her throat. She moves away and another does the same thing. By now, my cock is rock hard and pointing toward the sky.

We walk around for about an hour and all the women we meet greet me with a grope and a smile. Then she took me back inside. She helped me back up on the pedestal. I felt a tingling as she took off the amulet. Once again I could only move my head and the feeling of euphoria left. I was myself again.

"Are you ready to give me your seed, Eric?"

"I told you I'll resist you."

"As you wish."

She walked over to the table and picked up another amulet. She slowly placed it around my neck. A different aroma filled my nostrils. My cock throbbed and a feeling or intense sexuality took over me.

She smiled and fondled my cock. I looked down and saw my throbbing blue veined cock. He stroking was so intense I wanted to come immediately. The urge was overwhelming my senses. I wanted my cock in a pussy and I wanted to cum. Nothing else mattered.

"Eric, are you ready now to give me your seed. Tell me how you feel."

"Please. Let me cum. Please."

"Of course you can cum in due time."

She turned and spoke something I couldn't understand. A woman walked holding what looked like a condom with something attached to it. She took and and walked up to me. She stroked my cock again.

"So big and strong. You're a good one. Better than most that come here."

She slipped the apparatus over over my cock and fastened a belt around my waist to hold it in place. She looked at me and smiled again. The touched the part at the base of my cock and it came alive. It started milking my cock. In just a few seconds my cock erupted and my cum rocketed out the end of my cock. I pumped five ropes of cum in it and almost fainted. Pleasure chemicals flooded my brain. She watched as I returned to normal.

"Yes, Eric. Very good. Now you must rest."

She pulled the thing off my cock and handed it to the woman. She hurried out the door. She took the amulet off and put the first one back on me. Once again I felt peaceful and contented. She led me to a small room with a small bed against the wall.

"Lie down and sleep, Eric. I'll come for you later."

I laid on the bed and watched her walk out. She closed the door and I heard a gentle hissing. Everything turned white and all sensory input stopped.

I had no sense of time passing but the white fog was gone and I heard the door open. I looked up and she was back. She helped me stand and led me to another room. There was a large bed in the center. Gossamer veils hung around it. She took off the amulet and placed another one around my neck. My cock throbbed again and I was ready to cum. She led me to the bed.

"Lie down, Eric. It's time for you to plant your seed in me. I want your child."

"Oh god yes. Please. I want you so bad."

She laid next to me and took my cock in her hand. She stoked it slowly and gently.

"I've never had one this big. This will be very pleasurable."

She held my cock with both hands and moved up over me. she leaned forward and gently breathed in my face. The scent of her breath my my cock throb even harder. I was on the edge of cumming.

"Please fuck me. don't tease me like this."

She lifted her hips and lined her pussy up with the head of my cock. Slowly she lowered herself on it. I heard groaning and realized it was me. I thrust up and half of my cock went in. Her head went back and animal sounds rumbled in her throat. She pushed down and took all of me. I felt her shiver and growl again.
