 Chapter 1: The Abduction

One cold wintry night, while I was trying to put in a little extra work on the computer, I was haunted by my knowledge of exactly how long it had been since I last had a woman next to me. My last girlfriend and I split up a little over a year ago and I had been too busy during the year to go out and meet someone. Being a computer programmer I had a lot of nasty deadlines to meat on many underestimated jobs, but after this project I was free. I was leaving the company I worked for to go into business for myself. It was at this point that I decided I would go out and meet at least one person before the end of the week. Little did I know that I was going to enter into a journey that would take me to the height of my sexuality and within inches of my death.

That night as I was trying to go to bed I thought long and hard about where I should go to meat this person. I could frequent the bar scene, I thought to myself, but I'm not a drinker. The next thought that came to me was one of those speed-dating places, but that seemed so impersonal. I finally came to the agreement that I would go to the local state park and strike up a conversation with the first woman I saw, and I would continue until I had either been turned down too many times or was heading home with a phone number. I only had a few days left and with this thought, I fell into a deep sleep without any more thought of who I might meet. I decided not to try and create an image for myself, so as not to impede my search with some predetermined concept that I could never find.

The next day I finished what little work I had left and left the office knowing I would never step foot in there again. Now you may be wondering at this point why I didn't find a secretary or other female programmer in the building to get a date with. Had I thought of it at the time I may have done that and saved myself this adventure I ended up on, but that wouldn't have been nearly as fun.

I quickly ran home changed into something more comfortable grabbed my skates and headed to the park. As I was slowly following the trail I came across a few women I immediately was able to eliminate. I decided I would not stop women with wedding bands or children. I was only 26 and I still had time to build a family. I was surprised at how many people where in the park. It was a beautiful day, but the wind was bitter, and after about an hour I was beginning to regret having come to the park. Then as I traveled a little more I saw the most gorgeous woman I had seen in all my years then and since. She had long straight blonde hair, which ran down the entire length of her back. It was amazing though there was plenty of wind not a hair seemed out of place or to be moving at all for that matter. Her eyes had a deep blue sparkle like tropical water. Her skin was the perfect shade such that she was neither tan nor pale. There was not a blemish or scar to be found, and she almost seemed to radiate an aura so blindingly bright yet soft to gaze upon. Her face was slender and her lips pink. Her smile was dazzling and showed off her perfect pearly teeth. I then followed he chin to her long neck then across her shoulders and down her arms to her hands. She was wearing a skin tight spandex style cat suit with no apparent zippers or buttons. Being as it was tight I could see the mounds of her breasts and the tiny peak that was obviously an erect nipple. It was cold after all. I then lead my eyes down her body and followed her legs for what seemed an eternity. I had found the woman whose number I was going to get! Now all I had to figure out was an approach.

I made eye contact and slowed my speed so that I could stop and try to talk to her. Then I noticed she was looking at me, almost eyeing me up. This was very good indeed. I threw her a smile to say I know you're looking and at this point I was very close to her; I could almost touch her. All of a sudden I heard a voice, but I saw no one speaking and I thought that the voice must belong to her. She must have said something and I had not seen her mouth move. Then I heard it again.

"You have been chosen"

Before I could even question the thought the world went black.

When I awoke I was strapped to a bed that seemed to be molded to my body but I could not move anything at all and I felt very different. I faded in and out of consciousness for some time. At times I would awake to be surrounded by women and my room was totally white with a bright light that was surprisingly soft. I later came to find out that I was in that room for a little over a week.

The next clear thing I can remember is awaking one last time feeling very obscure and very different this time I could move and I moved my hand to scratch my balls like I usually did when I woke up and found that they where missing. I jerked my head up and saw underneath my neck one of the sexiest female bodies I had ever seen. Then I realized this wasn't just any body. No this was the body my head was attached to and quickly searched the room for a mirror of some type and before I found one a door opened in the wall that I hadn't noticed before and in walked the woman I saw in the park. At this point I was terrified and ran to a safe corner of the room. She started to speak.

"Do not be alarmed," she said this time her lips were moving and it was clear she was speaking.

"What is this place? What did you do to me?" I screamed in the loudest voice I could muster. When I spoke it felt like I tore a hole in my throat. I had a new voice, and the first time I was using it I was trying to scream.

"Be quiet and calm yourself. You have been chosen all will be explained later in more detail, but for now you must rest and get used to your new shape. The sooner you do the sooner you can take a new shape." And with that she left the room. With me in utter bewilderment, I might add. So I decided to take her advice and I did what any man would do if suddenly thrust into a woman's body. I explored it. I cupped my breasts. I really took notice now of how big they where. These women had given me a nice set I would guess in the C to D cup range I really couldn't tell as I never searched for a bra to wear to hold them. I just played with them. I started under my breast and I encircled it like I have done to girlfriends. I wanted to know what they were feeling and I recreated the situation. I gently brushed the soft skin on my new toys and worked my way around until I got to my hard pink nipples. I touched them and to my fingers they felt like stones. But to the nipple they felt like they were going to explode and with every brush of the nipple I got a tingle that went deep inside me and generated a shock deep within my vagina. So I felt the shocks building inside me and it be came clear I was about to have my first orgasm. And I had yet to touch my new pussy. I was scrambling through my mind at what to do and before I could decide I felt a small explosion inside me and I became acutely aware of something wet drizzling out of my body.

Almost by instinct I found my hand running along my belly down to a soft muffin of hair rolling around in my vagina. It was like it knew what to do without my having to guess at what felt right or relying on another person. This feeling was truly stunning as I had free reign over this new body and the more I explored the more I got turned on by the fact that it belonged to me. I had so many things I needed to explore with this body but for now I was content to push and pull at my lips and spread my pussy open to allow a finger to probe inside a little. Then as I pulled my hand away I brushed against my clit. I will never know how I could have forgotten that but I felt a huge surge inside me. I brushed against it again. Soaked in my own juices I was slippery and I got just a dab of friction against my clit and I could again feel that building inside was pure energy waiting to reach critical mass. My gyrations grew faster and I found my fingers getting deeper into my pussy. What a strange feeling it is to feel something violate you but also love the feeling it gives you. The more I spread my pussy open the hotter and wetter I got. I also kept working at my clit and soon I was going to burst. My pink nub was screaming for more, and my deep cavern was aching to be stretched and probed. I was moving with such velocity over my parts I feared I was going to tear them from my body. Then it happened. My whole body shuddered and my pussy caught on fire with passion and juice flowed from my body as waves of pleasure began to resonate up my spine into my head.

I laid on there on the floor a few minutes more as I brought my breathing back to normal. Then I climbed back up to my bed and quickly fell asleep.

I awoke to a rush of people entering my little area. I was surprised to discover they were all female and all as beautiful as the next. They wore silver robes from head to toe and each had a unique tiara about their heads, family emblem I assume. There was one however, the one I saw in the park, which was wearing golden robes.

"What is going on?" I muttered

"You are to be prepared. Now relax and enjoy these next few hours because your training will be much harsher after today." She spoke to me lovingly.

'Just great', I thought to myself. All I did was look at this girl and now I am a woman and I have harsh training ahead. So I decided to take her advice and I did enjoy the next few hours. Four of the silver robed women took off their robes to reveal latex looking cat suits. They lifted me, and carried me to a tiled box with wonderfully hot water in it.

Each woman picked up a sponge and applied a gelatinous substance on it that created many suds. Two of them picked up my feet and started to tickle me with the soapy sponge and they slowly and methodically ran their sponges up my legs slowly and they crept ever closer to my moist new vagina that was dying for attention. The other two washed my hands and arms. Each gently caressed and scrubbed my breasts. The tingles from my nipples were only making my vagina ache more with desire. Then the two at my legs finished still having not cleaned my dirtiest part. They wet and soaped my hair. Then they scrubbed and massaged my head, which was even more sensual then I could have thought possible. The women cleaning my breasts finished with my torso just as the others finished with my head. Next they stood me up in the tub dripping wet and in need of some sexual attention. One of the women grabbed her sponge again and started to scrub my backside. She was very gentle and it sent little waves through my body. I never knew a rear end could be so titillative. Then all of a sudden I felt it. She began to move to my front and I felt her sponge on my vagina. It nibbled and caressed my clit sending terrible waves of pleasure through me. I tried very hard to hold my orgasm but I failed and miserably at that. My knees began to shake and it took all of my power to stay standing. I started to moan and scream and I added my own liquids to the soap and water mixture. Something changed as this happened though. I no longer felt the sponge on my vagina but something else.

I stumbled to the side of the tub and spread my legs. Whatever was now touching was going to get full access. I opened my eyes to find her head in my legs and I felt things poking and prodding at my pussy. Then something went in. It was something big or so I thought. I moved her head to find her fingers gyrating in my pussy. This was a new sensation. I was moaning loudly and I closed my eyes again and with my hands started fondling my breasts and squeezing my nipples. Then two of the other women removed my hands and started sucking on my perky firm tits. My nipples were at full attention and I was having all of my sensual parts licked. I lost count of my orgasms and I am not sure how many hours I was there for. When they finished I was very tired and trying to regain my strength. I sat up on the edge of the tub. I needed to know and I needed to feel what was coming next.

They moved me to a chair near the tub and pulled out razor kits. Two women per leg they gelled and shaved me. Then they got scissors and cut away at my bush. Finally they very expertly shaved my pussy leaving a little nip of hair just above my clit. I probably would have had a powerful sexual reaction to this but my pussy felt numb from all the attention it had just received. Then I was given manicures and pedicures and my hair was braided into two ponytails. Next I was taken to a closet to select clothing. I looked at the clothing half expecting to see silver Lycra cat suits but for me there was none. Instead I was forced to select from lingerie. I chose a white lace teddy with garters and a lace skirt that wrapped around my waist and draped down my body. The skirt ended just above my vagina. They accessorized my selection with white thigh high fish net stockings and strapped white 4 inch heals. They also gave me a matching choker and white lace gloves. The four women donned their robes and carried me off to another room where they sat me on a couch in front of the woman in gold who sat perched atop a throne.

She was the one I saw in the park. Her aura glistens and her beauty radiates. Her long blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail and tied many times making her hair look almost like a chain. It was draped over her shoulder and fell just between her voluptuous breasts. They looked even more beautiful now than they had previously. I could see the eruption of her hard nipples through her cat suit. And I followed her curves down her legs to her high-heeled feet.

"You have been brought here for training. I can't tell you what you're training for but I ask for your trust. Your training will hurt. You will have pain unlike any pain you have ever experienced. You will also have pleasures and give pleasures of equal proportions. Your skills will be put to good use later. You can bet on that. Now before I let you go do you have any questions?"

"Where are we? Why was I chosen?" I asked.

"To answer your first question, we are in deep space headed for my home world. As to why you were chosen I cannot say for I do not know. But I was told that you would be there and you needed to be selected. Ok that's all the time I have you may walk around the ship for a while but soon you have a training session coming up and since it is your first it will be the most painful. But after you are done with your sessions you will have tremendous control over your new pussy. Which by the way is gorgeous have you seen it yet?"

"No," I replied "But I have felt its pleasure."

"You have no idea the kind of pleasure you can feel." At that she got up and walked over to me. She cut the shoulder straps on my teddy and it fell down to my waist held up only by the skirt. Then she took my breast and started to massage it. Squeezing and poking in such a special way. I instinctively tried to touch her and then out of nowhere I was handcuffed and on my back on the floor. Slightly dazed she slapped me across the face and left me stinging. Through gritted angry teeth I heard "You do not touch me unless I tell you to." Then she went back to my breast while she slid a finger into my slit. Then she put her finger in my mouth. My own pussy tasted better than any pussy I had eaten my whole life. It was sweat and succulent it seemed to fill my taste buds with my own flavor. Then I noticed that a tension was building in me and I was sucking on her finger harder than I thought possible. She was still nibbling at my nipple and I could feel an orgasm build I wanted something in my pussy I wanted to cum now. But she was teasing me making me wait then from nowhere I felt an orgasm. I didn't feel any of the build up to it. It just happened. She had somehow made me cum without even touching my vagina. She left my nipple sore and huge. "That is only an example of the things I can make you feel and by the time we arrive at my planet you will be able to do that and more.