 The world had been reshaped, an unusual virus had spread across it wrecking changes that would forever have an impact. Officially the word was that their was a cure now, or at least a vaccine since it couldn't return anyone infected. Even so everyone infected had near random mutations occur to them. It had killed millions across the world as most mutations were a complete disaster killing the victim. A small percentage lived through their transformations.

Distrusted and often looked down upon by normal people still in fear of the plague, the transformed were forced to live in 'quarantine zones'. The zones were areas set aside in cities or outside towns so the transformed would have a place to live. It was also an area where the ones who just hadn't died, yet, from the plague could live out their last days.

A handful of people were willing to actually enter the zones and help out. Alex was one of those, he was about forty years old now. No family, though that was not his fault. He had dated one woman off and on for his entire twenties, when she finally made it clear she would never commit to their relationship he had left. Of course he was now thirty and found fewer and fewer single women to date then he had once. He also hadn't been good at meeting women anyways.

He was a nice guy who could usually get along with anyone. He was smart, sometimes funny, and usually caring about others. He was also an introvert who preferred small groups to large crowds. Physically he was nothing to write home about. Average height, a few extra pounds from a love of reading and computers more than sports, dark blonde hair, and brilliant blue eyes. 

When the plague broke out he had just gone about his days like normal and never had to really worry about it. He did lose his job in the process though, a job he didn't much care about. So as far as he was considered it wasn't much of a loss. It had economically become a depression in the wake of the plague though and tons of people were out of work filling unemployment lines. So when the government offered a small amount of money to help the remaining plague victims he jumped at the chance. Of course they also made sure everyone going into the zone was vaccinated.

Lots of parts about it were not pleasant. Most of the dying were hideously deformed and had all manor of problems. Alex was not a nurse so he acted more as an orderly. The living ones though... Some looked very weird by normal standards, but one woman had caught his eye. 

She was one of the transformed and that was hardly something you could miss since she had purple tinted skin, slightly pointed ears, ebony horns growing from her forehead, and black eyes with golden iris's. She looked to have bene asian before the virus had changed her, though explaining how her features looked asian was rather hard. She also had some very feminine curves, especially hips that looked like they would be great spread over Alex's. Though her full breasts that he guessed where a D cup and a very sweet looking ass showed through her typical clothes as well. She also had a short tail which caused her to wear skirts further down her hips than normal.

Her name was Alyssa. He had no clue what her last name was. The first time Alex had seen Alyssa he had an immediate infatuation. Maybe it was his taste for asian women, or just her exotic nature, he wasn't sure. Whenever she was around though he had all sorts of trouble concentrating. It did help that it had been an awfully long time since he had been with a woman.

However even for a victim of the virus she was certainly out of his league. The closest he had gotten to her was seeing her smile his way while in the cafeteria though. He didn't fool himself into thinking it was smiling at him though. His luck with women basically went from 'I just want to be friends' to 'no thanks'.

Alex was leaving the cafeteria and heading toward his work area after lunch and he heard a moan. That was not exactly abnormal, but it didn't quite sound right so he headed toward where he heard it. It seemed to be coming from a storage room, and the door was slightly ajar so he moved it further open and looked inside.

The sight Alex saw through the door was one he had trouble believing at first. Alyssa was laying bent over a table, her pants on the floor as well as her panties and her hand was rubbing her pussy lips. It took him a second longer to realize she didn't have a shirt or a bra on either, so she was completely naked. Her cute little tail had a series of rings, like one would put on their fingers, running along it.Her thighs were pressed together though, so his view of her pussy lips was not the best. Even so his brain had stopped working and he would swear he was dreaming.

That was when she turned her head with those gorgeous golden eyes and looked right at him. She said "Like what you see...?"

He couldn't talk as his voice seemed to be gone. She smiled and giggled at Alex's stunned expression. She licked her lips and said "I've seen the way you look at me... But you didn't seem to come over to talk to me, so... I've forced things a little." She rubbed her pussy again and moaned deep in her throat, her eyes partly closing. "Besides, I know I've been dying for a fuck... Being transformed like this has not really helped my love life recently." She licked her lips with a wink and added "So how about you lose the pants and help me out...?"

Alex may not think he was awake to be seeing this, but there was no way in hell he would pass up this chance. He undid the belt buckle on his jeans and slid them down his hips, then tugged his underwear off and kicked both to the side. His now free cock hardening at the sight in front of him. He walked over to Alyssa and couldn't help moving his hands to her waist and running them up to her plump firm breasts which yielded to his hands. At least except for her hard pierced nipples at least which dug into his palms.

Alyssa moaned at his touch and she slide her ass back to brush against his semi-hard cock. She reached back and tugged Alex closer by pulling on his shirt. She said "Kiss me." as she looked longingly back at him. Alex didn't miss a chance at that and brushed his lips against hers, she pushed her tongue against his lips seeking entrance and he returned the favor in kind as he parted his lips. Their tongues meeting and dancing together with increasing passion. All the while Alyssa brushed her firm ass against his cock driving him wild.

When Alyssa felt his cock was likely as hard as it was going to get she pulled out of the kiss just enough to say "Fuck me. Slide that hard cock of yours deep into my tight slick pussy."

Alex was not about to hold off any longer either, and after a bit of fumbling as he tried to find her entrance, she opened her thighs wide giving him an easier time. Then the head of his cock had slipped inside her pussy. It was so warm and wet he couldn't resist moaning and Alyssa moaned to. He buried his hard cock all the way into her as his hands moved to her hips.

Alex moved his hands back to her breasts, cupping them and squeezing them as he started to move his hips. Alyssa moaning beneath him as his cock sunk all the way into her pussy and then withdrew almost all the way out again. After a couple thrusts she moved her hips back into his, letting his cock sink even deeper in as their bodies met with wet slapping flesh on flesh sounds.

As their bodies writhed and moved with each other, the pace picked up until the table would bump into the wall on each thrust. Alyssa's head nearly bumping into the neighboring wall. Occasionally Alex could feel something fleshy and hard slap into him when their bodies met, but he wasn't thinking much of it.

Alyssa cried out to him "Oh god. Cum in me. Let me feel your cum." Her breath coming out in pants and a thin film of sweat covering their bodies as she obviously seemed to be coming close to cumming. Alex wasn't much farther away and after a few more thrusts he buried his cock deep into her and felt his cock swell right before he started to spurt cum into her. As he did her pussy squeezed his cock, milking the cum from it. Both of them moaned as they came nearly in sync with each other.

Alex collapsed on top of Alyssa breathing hard, feeling Alyssa's lithe body doing much the same as him beneath him. She tilted her head back first and kissed him. Slower and less passionate this time as their bodies had just released a lot of tension.

Alex felt his now wilting cock slip out of Alyssa's cum filled pussy and he slowly pulled away. Alyssa purred deep in her throat and said "It's been so long since I last had sex..." She slowly turned around giving Alex a prime view of her plump but full breasts with her hard pierced nipples. Looking down her body he also saw something that made him blink.

Between her legs was a cock. It was more red than purple, though the tones shifted along it's length so it didn't seem out of place. It had to be nearly a foot long hard and erect like it was, with the first five or six inches being a pinkish red and the lower half being more purplish. It was also thick, it had to be at more than two inches wide and probably closer to three. It put his cock to shame in pretty much all ways.

Alyssa saw where he was looking and reach down, caressing Alex's cock in her hand. She said "Don't worry about my cock. It's part of my transformation." She leans in pressing her firm tits against his chest and brushes her lips near his. "Right now the only thing you should be concerned with is sliding that cock of yours back in my pussy. It's still a bit sore from our first go, but I so want to see you this time." Being pressed this close her cock was pressed against his thigh and when he started to speak she cut him off with another passionate kiss.

Between her hand on his cock, her passionate kiss, and the feel of her breasts pressed against him his cock started to get hard again. Alex considered the whole cock thing and as long as he wasn't getting fucked with it, his ass was an exit only as far as he was concerned, then what the heck did it matter if he got to screw this sexy hot girl that made his heart flip flop in his chest?

He grabbed her ass and placed her up on the edge of the table as their kissing continued. Then finally parting their lips she laid back and spread her thighs lewdly. Showing him her puffy pussy lips, puckered ass hole, and of course her big cock. He slide his hard cock back into her pussy, feeling his own cum and hers mixed together as he pushed back into her. Both of them moaned as their bodies were connected once more. Alex watched her face scrunch up and her eyes half close.

Both their hips moved. Alex's cock sliding away and then both meeting as his cock slide deep into her pussy with a wet slap as their bodies met. Alex's hands moved to to Alyssa's breasts kneeding them. Alyssa's hands moved down to her cock, stroking it. Alyssa licked her lips between moans looking at Alex. Their moans and the sounds of their bodies meeting were the only things to be heard in the room.

Alyssa took one hand from her cock and placed it on Alex's face. Between moans she said "I've wanted to feel you inside me for weeks. How does my pussy feel? Does it feel good?"

Alex grunted out "Your pussy feels great..." He squeezes Alyssa's breasts again, then pinches and tugs on her hard nipples. "Though I love your breasts to."

Alyssa giggled "Mmm... I like them to... And I love you playing with them." She moved her hand back to her cock, stroking and caressing it. "And the feel of your cock inside me, stirring up the cum you already filled me with. Now fuck me and fill me with another load of cum."

Alex thrust harder into her loving the way she moaned when he did. She coaxed him into moving faster and harder, his balls slapping into her ass. He could tell she was getting close and he was as well. He called out "I'm going to cum." Feeling his balls tighten up he moved his hands, reluctantly, from her breasts and held onto the table.

Alyssa yelled out "Cum. Cum in me." just before Alex's cock twitched and sent the first string of cum into her. She moaned and jerked her cock hard. Her cock twitched and cum spurted out of the tip in a thick rope to fall back and land on her breasts. The second string of cum landed on her stomach. She continued shooting cum well after Alex had stopped adding to the cum in her pussy, by then it covered her breasts and her stomach. A stray bit of cum had even landed on her face.

Alex panted and said "You look sexy as hell covered in cum..."

Alyssa giggled and said "Mmm... I do love the way it feels. Though I didn't use to get covered with it before..." She shrugged causing her breasts to bounce "Well you know."

Alex started to nod when he felt light head and a wave of dizziness come over him. He fell over onto Alyssa. At first she giggled then when he didn't move she got worried "Alex?" She shook his arm "Alex?!?" Alex though felt disassociated with his body, like it was all happening so far away. Then his consciousness faded.