 Author's Note: Sorry the follow up has taken a while, enjoy!

*****

Alain and Elizabeth crunched over tightly packed snow towards Oakenwood. They had left their family's farm after helping their father prepare for winter, and joined a merchant train travelling north from Bukhta. Their stores were laden with all manner of exotic spices, silks and trinkets from the southern port city. The master merchant, Griorgair, hoped to sell them in the capital of the Kingdom of Wold. Peasant farmers that they were, Alain and his sister, stopped and gaped as Oakenwood came into view. It sprawled across the valley before them, thatched houses and a few larger structures formed a blanket across the ground. 

Griorgair, a native of Oakenwood, laughed "This is a blip compared to Bukhta or the cities of the Confederacy. Although it does not smell so strongly of shit as they do."

Alain felt slightly embarrassed by his lack of experience, Elizabeth was less abashed however and threw a flurry of questions to the thickly-bearded merchant. The older man was quite happy to indulge the beautiful peasant girl, and soon regaled her with tales of King Robert's crowning. She had resisted Alfred's advances with amused tolerance thus far, so Alain moved elsewhere in the column. 

Moving along a train of smelly pack beasts, he found Alyona. Her white hair was almost the same colour as the snow that had fallen last night. Alyona's wrinkled, kindly face went into a smile when she saw Alain. 

"What do you think of the view, child?" Alyona called everyone child, Griorgair included, so Alain took no offense. She spoke in a strange, slightly slurred way. Griorgair said she was from across the Pechora, with as much Steppe as human in her blood, possibly something else too.

"It is beautiful, Mama Alyona, to my poor eyes at least."

She was sitting on a caravan, arms holding the reins of some strange beast. "Beauty is beauty child, I would much rather gaze at the valley of Oakenwood than any of the great cities further north."

Alain smiled at the kindly old creature "And I would rather gaze on the beauty of Mama Alyona than any other."

Atop her perch, she laughed "You are a sweet child. The girls in Oakenwood will eat you alive for sure, I pray you never travel to Bukhta I shudder to think what they would do to you there. While you are still uneaten, come up here and sit with Mama Alyona."

Alain complied and huddled with Alyona under her blanket. "I have half a mind to forgo this audition for King Robert altogether, and just travel the trade routes with you."

She stared out in front of her "We would not have you child, you are ill suited to this life." Alain jerked his head towards her, Mama Alyona was a kind, charitable person but she didn't tell white lies. She looked over at him "I think that beautiful sister of yours would kill you besides, if you did not audition."

Alain laughed at first, but then thought about it "Do you think she could slay me?"

Alyona snorted "I have no doubt. You will audition for King Robert, child, I want to see highborn boys fall hopelessly in love with your sister. If no duels and generations of feuding result I will be very disappointed." 

"Do you have any hopes for my future, Mama Alyona?"

"None child, you will fade like a thousand minstrels before you, but young Elizabeth will live on in songs of the beautiful peasant girl who entranced great lords with her voice." She smiled at Alain "I suppose there may be a stanza or two about her bumbling fool of a brother."

Alain smiled, satisfied "I am touched you have such high hopes for me." 

They were entering the outskirts of Oakenwood now, children were running alongside the baggage train. One threw a snowball at Alyona and Alain. Alyona displayed her inhuman heritage by emitting a terrible, banshee-like wail. The children screamed and ran off. Alyona cackled, but even Alain was put on edge by that scream. She patted his arm reassuringly, while making soothing sounds at the startled animal pulling her caravan. 

"Did I scare you, child?"

Alain was more curious than scared "How did you do that?"

"My blood is as churned and mixed as the path beneath us, countless travellers have left their mark. My father was a Steppe rider, larger than any man, and my mother was half human and half, well I do not think any child of the Wold has ever met it. My mother's mother claimed to be an eighth Purebred. All of this has given me many gifts."

"What brought you north?"

She shrugged "My father's clan was eventually wiped out, as was my mother's city, I lived in many places and eventually came to Bukhta where I met Griorgair's father. We became partners and I have travelled this route every since." They rode in silence for a while after that.

The town was becoming denser around the merchant train. Countless craftsmen, grocers and shopgoers wandered around them. Strong smelling animals and baking bread mixed in Alain's nostrils. He had never seen so many people. Most were built the same as Alain and Elizabeth; somewhat thick with deep brown hair. Compared to them though, the people were far less muscular, unaccustomed to hard farmyard labour. 

Ahead of them loomed the Castle Oakenwood, a construct which towered over the surrounding town. It had two concentric walls that surrounded a single tower built into the rocky hillside that marked one edge of the valley. The first of these walls was kept permanently open, allowing traders and farmers to pass in and out. Many simple dwellings rested against the wall, which was patrolled by men-at-arms clad in dark blue. A few of them came to inspect the caravans rolling through the streets. Griorgair talked animatedly with them, and some gold changed hands. He handed them some richly-spiced wine from Buhkta as well, which they drank greedily, toasting Griorgair's good fortune. The column began to move forward again, past the first wall.

Alyona spoke up "They'll let us camp inside, as our goods are valuable and our reputation trustworthy. Tomorrow will be the last market day before Spring comes, we'll bring our goods to the town square outside the East Gate." 

"I am happy to help."

"Nonsense, child, I am stronger than you, and you should present yourself to the King besides."

"I will come visit you tomorrow then." Alain pecked the old woman on the cheek.

Alyona embraced him "You will, child, and you will bring coin to buy our goods too, or I will be furious." She pushed him off "Now, find your sister and go, off with you."

Reluctantly, Alain hopped off. He felt somewhat sad, even though he would see them all again. Before he could think about it too much, however, Elizabeth jabbed his side and began to drag him towards the second wall. It was higher than the first, and more fiercely protected. Griorgair's guards were moving off to find a brothel, they nodded politely at the siblings as one pulled the other onwards.

"Will you cry when they go brother?" Elizabeth teased. " Like you did when we left mother and father?" She looked back at him and laughed "I'll miss them to Alain, Alyona especially. She has a wonderful way of looking men look stupid."

Alain pulled his hand away, to retain some of his dignity as they approached a guard. There was a wide space between the first and second ring of walls, filled with other merchants and highborn wrapped in furs. The two siblings looked drab in their plain, brown clothes. Holding a pike at his side, the guard eyed Alain suspiciously. Elizabeth soon caught his eye though and he smiled. "What can I do for you, love?"

She put on a look of disdain that Alyona must have taught her "My brother and I have an audience with the King, guardsmen." Elizabeth was clearly taking to her new place in the world. 

The blue-clad guard barked out a laugh "Gunna put on a private show now are we?" He winked at Elizabeth.

Alain was intimidated by the guard's crude words angered him. He stepped towards the guard, who stiffened in response. "The Elf-Lord Aldaris has personally arranged for us to see King Robert."

The guard, who had stubble with flecks of grey through it, glared at Alain menacingly. "So you two are those bloody minstrels huh? I think King Robert will just take your sister, boy, but old Muir did mention you and he'll have my balls if I don't take you through." He mockingly bowed to Elizabeth and gestured for them to come along. The second gate was open throughout the day, and had a drawbridge across a dry moat that ringed the inner wall. The central tower was even more imposing here, and Alain found his neck craning to look up at it. He marvelled that it did not fall.

Elizabeth to, despite her airs, was gazing awestruck at the powerful fortification. As they passed over the drawbridge and under the gatehouse, Alain saw countless murder holes and arrow slits. Castle Oakenwood had been built by Men and Hill-folk, in the earliest days of the Empire. Since then it had served Imperial Governors and later the Kings of the Wold well in times of war. 

A tall, thin man in fine silks despite the cold air awaited them. Two young girls, their heads bowed, stood flanking him. He ran his hands through his silks as he talked, "Hail, Alain and Elizabeth children of Malcom, I am Muir the steward of the Castle." 

The siblings greeted the steward courteously, Alain mostly followed Elizabeth's lead. His sister looked at the man curiously, "We did not expect to be received of one of such high station. You honour us."

Muir tugged at his silks "You are a clever woman, Elizabeth, in truth the role of steward here does not involve much, the town council and the King's court largely run things. I simply attend to minor details." Muir had an emotionless, polite smile on his face the whole time. "You must be tired from your journey, girls help young Elizabeth to her chambers. Alain, if you will?" He held out a thin, pale hand to Alain. The two young girls took Elizabeth off, Alain could soon hear them chattering, already bonding.

Alain's own chambers turned out to be built into the hillside. Muir talked as they walked, more to himself than Alain but it was interesting nonetheless. "Many Hill-folk were supposed to have lived here once, the hills are full of secret tunnels and caves, we use but a fraction of them in peacetime." The steward had an air of careful precision, Alain suspected his earlier disparagement of his role was a farce. It was surprisingly well lit in the caves, strange glowing orbs lined the walls. Muir followed Alain's quizzical look and explained "The work of the Court Warlock, Pyprix." Alain felt a bolt of excitement flash inside of him. Muir continued "I suspect this is the limit of his abilities, such as they are, do not let your imagination run wild." Still, Alain was fascinated by the orbs, they radiated light evenly, yet if one looked closely, shapes seemed to move deep in the light. 

Eventually, Muir stopped and opened a door for Alain. He explained a few things, telling Alain that he had the run of the castle besides the tower and to meet him there when the sun passed below the other side of the valley. After that, he quietly left, still tugging at his silks. 

It was surprisingly warm in the room, although no fire burned. Alain examined an orb in the room, and found that it emitted a pleasant, comforting heat. The walls of his chambers were wood panelled, hiding the rock on the other side. There were only a few simple, wooden furnishings but it was luxurious compared to the merchant caravan or Alain's home. He placed his belongings by the bed; a guitar and a small sack that contained a few items of clothing and keepsakes. Muir had mentioned a communal bath as they passed it earlier. Alain thought it proper to wash off the weeks of travel sweat and dirt, before he had an audience with a King.

Walking back from where they had came, he found the bathroom. Its walls were raw stone and a lone wooden tub lay in the centre. Evidently, it was kept full at all times. The water seemed clean enough, though quite cold. After looking around for a moment, Alain removed his clothes and slide into the cold water. He winced a little as it hit his skin, but soon he enjoyed the feeling of the dirty falling away.

"Oh sorry my lord, I'll fetch warm water at once!" A girlish voice called out.

Alain jerked, startled, and water splashed onto the floor. A young woman was standing in the doorway, she squinted at Alain. "You're no lord, who are you boy?" Alain stood up to get out, trying to cover himself as he did. She smirked "Okay, not a boy, but the question stands." She answered herself before Alain could "You must be Elizabeth's sister, the other minstrel, nice girl, she's put together well like you, a bit better probably." The woman had straw blonde hair, tied up in a taut bun. She stared at Alain expectedly "For King Robert's sake, she's a bit more well spoken than you too." 

"Sorry." Alain managed, "I thought I could use this."

She had her hands on her hips, her figure was hidden beneath wool but they seemed wide and generous. "You can, don't expect me to bring you warm water though Alain." The serving woman turned to walk off. 

"You know my name and I don't know yours, that's not fair!"

"Laura, and a word of advice minstrel, don't play bloody "Arthur's Triumph" tonight, how many times do you think King Robert hears songs about his dead father?" With that, she turned and left. Alain hurriedly dried and put a fresh set of clothes on, in the hopes of catching her in the hall but she was nowhere to be found. He'd have to find Elizabeth sometime before evening, they'd already been planning to play Arthur's Triumph.

Stepping out of the tunnels, Alain found the sun pleasantly warm. Muir had told Alain he and Elizabeth better buy proper winter clothes in town, but it was tolerable for now. The inner courtyard, was mostly practice yards. Men-at-arms and Knights drilled at sword, bow and spear all around Alain. One particular Knight caught his eye. He was a man Alain's age, and unlike most of the others he wore a mottled green. Another youth in blue circled around him, leaping forward occasionally to thrust with a blunted sword. 

Watching them, was a scarred old man with a harsh voice "Is this what qualifies a boy for knighthood these days?" He spat in the snow "I'll have to have words with your father. Strip you both of your knighthood, and exile you across the Channel Sea he will."

The youth in blue pointed his sword towards the man "You wound my honour, Sir Weylin, I challenge thee." The green knight said something Alain couldn't hear, and his sparring partner looked towards the other and laughed. Almost instantly, Sir Weylin was upon him, he knocked the young knight flat with a single punch to the face. He put a heavy boot upon the toppled man's chest.

"Do not wave challenges around like your cock, Sir Lachlan. You embarrass yourself." The older man, removed his boot and stalked off. The green knight helped Sir Lachlan to his feet. Lachlan seemed unembarrassed and laughed "I used to dream of skewering Weylin with my sword as a boy, but I do not think I could ever break the bastard's defences." 

The green knight, who had curly light brown hair, laughed with him "And you have grown to appreciate the bastard and why his harsh training is necessary of course."

"Yes, something like that." The two knights put their arms around each other's shoulders and moved off towards the tower. 

"The green one is Prince Orin, and the other is Sir Lachlan, King Robert's ward." A voice called out.

Alain turned to find a man carrying a bundle of hay towards the stable. He looked older than Alain, but younger than his father. "Thank you, I am more than a little lost here."

The man walked on past Alain, puffing. "It shows, believe me." 

"Would you like a hand?" 

Placing down his burden, the man nodded. He looked somewhat surprised "Most musicians I've met aren't too keen on horse shit. You are one of the new ones, right?"

Alain nodded in assent, and began to walk with the man to pick up more hay. "I'm Alain, more farmboy than musician." 

"Endre, master of horse." the stableman said, looking Alain up and down. "You're certainly built like a farm hand." Endre had black hair, darker than most in the Wold. His eyes were a dull green, and he smelled strongly of horse.

Alain was grateful to have something to do, spare hours were few on a farm and it felt strange to be standing idle. They worked in silence for a while. Evidently, the horse master planned to make the most of his new assistant and soon they were completing other tasks around the nearby stable. A dozen or so stable boys and girls tended to horses inside. They paid Alain no mind, focused on their work.

Eventually, Endre spoke again "Where do you come from, Alain?"

Alain was sweeping horse shit from a stall "South, near Hamling, right on the Pechora and the Forest."

Endre was tending to a fierce-looking stallion, humming softly in its ear "Good horse country, though they don't like to go to near the Forest. Strider here is from those parts too." Alain looked at the horse, it flared its nostrils and more shit dropped to the floor of the stall. It was very tall, though not as solid as some of the others. Strider was an apt name for the long-legged creature. Endre continued "Most of these lot are from the plains along the Pechora, a few even come from over it." The horse master gestured at a reddish mare "That one was captured by Lord Cardew, the King's brother-in-law, and sent north as a gift."

"Did it belong to one of the Steppe tribes?"

Endre nodded "Fierce beast she is, trampled a man-at-arms when she was captured and broke a stable boy's ribs the first month she was here."

"Still mean?" The mare seemed docile enough, as Alain looked at it.

"Somewhat, Prince Orin broke her in. She's his main horse now."

"She doesn't really look like a war horse."

Endre shrugged "The Steppe riders prefer lighter horses, she's plenty tough besides. Far smarter than any war horse I've met too, her name's Vala."

At the sound of her name, the horse's head turned to look at Endre and moved forward in its stall towards him. Alain moved towards the horse, that cautiously examined him. He put out a hand for Vala to sniff but she backed off, eyeing him. 

"Here" Endre called and tossed Alain a stunted carrot. Alain offered it to Vala who moved in and sniffed his hand thoroughly. After satisfying her curiosity, Vala quickly plucked the carrot from Alain's hand. The red-tinged horse let Alain stroke her nose for a moment before moving back in her stall.

Endre had moved off down the far end of the stable, next to a very large, black horse. "This the King's horse, Cal, named for his older brother." This mount definitely had the look a war horse, muscular and imposing. It's mane was long and flowing, the same dark shade as the rest of its body. "King Robert rarely rides him, too busy with matters of state and hearth." He finished whatever he was doing and came back to Alain.

"I'm done for the day, little gets done here the day before a Market. There is a good spot on the wall, come." Without looking to see if Alain was following him, he walked out of the stable. Alain followed, having nothing else to do. Together, they climbed a solid stone staircase to the top of the inner wall. This section was almost right up against the hillside, and was slightly higher than the rest. It boasted a commanding view over most of the town. A man-at-arms was standing at the battlements, he turned and greeted Endre with a slap on the back. 

"You two smell strongly of horse shit, you know that?" Endre didn't respond, but handed the guard a flask. Unscrewing the cap, the man took a healthy swig and passed it back. "I suppose you always smell of horse shit Endre." He looked over Alain "You look like you probably smell of some kind of shit most of the time, can't rightly say which kind though."
