 I loved the freedom of being naked when I was alone. In that apartment I could do anything I wanted because it was my world within a world, left to my own devices. I could play endlessly with my own imagination and create anything I wanted.

Looking out across the city from my tower-block home was exhilarating. I was hundreds of metres in the air and it was almost like flying, watching the sun sets in the west at dusk and looking down at the other buildings which only came half-way to the height of the one my apartment was housed. I was lucky to get it, thanks to my ex lover, Cornelius. And, now I had full control of my financial status I was even happier with my life.

I leaned on the long windowsill for at least an hour, watching until the sky grew darker and the city lights came on to their full evening glory. The lives of others, independent of mine, busily went about their business below me. It was quiet. I put my fingertips on the double glazing feeling its coldness and realising how it protected me from the weather outside, although the weather was mild, the end of another sunny day on the edge of the dry arid desert to which our city lay. My mind drifted back to those last few days and the memories of Cornelius, who finally parted my life as well as his own. A tear began to slide slowly down my face as I was thinking of him.

We often stood together, both of us naked, looking out at the city lights. The rat race of struggles of those down there who found life just that little bit harder. Something I knew Cornelius was involved in one way or other. Although he was to me a kind person, he was also desperately cruel to many down there. In a way, he rescued me from that kind of life that made him rich. Love is so strange at times and the human frailties that love as an emotion can bring.

Yes, I was lucky to be where I am, away from those desperate struggles down there. My tear ran into my lips, as I tasted it. Those memories of my past and poor Cornelius were making me feel both happy and sad as I stared out across the city. I stretched my arms out and pushed my breasts against the glass, allowing the left side of my face to feel the coldness. I was not sure whether to laugh or cry. Instead I remained silent, just closing my eyes and feeling as I stretched out my fingers as far as I could, as if embracing that outside world, taking it to my bosom. 

I once had friends down there. Friends I left behind just like me. Now I have no friends as such, only acquaintances, which come and go. Business needs to be dealt with, even more important now that Cornelius is gone. I was alone and I felt so safe in my world above the rest of the world below, away from it all. I pulled quickly away from the window and stepped back to look out once more, taking a deep breath at the vista of lights and that awesome city below.

My concentration ended when the door chimes warned me of an unexpected visitor. Who could it be? I wanted to be alone and live my inner most fantasies and memories. I suddenly remembered that I had to play my part so perfectly if things were to remain as I planned. I grabbed my pink silk robe and covered myself as I dashed to the door, stopping to think of who it might be before opening, and I could think of nobody important who would call.

Turning the latch and hiding myself behind the door I slowly opened it. Samson stood waiting as I revealed myself, looking at him with one half of my face exposed. His hard face peered back silently. He was the last person on earth I ever expected to call. Samson was someone nobody wanted to call upon them, whoever they were.

"Where is Con?" his voice was rough and direct. I did not answer right away as my fingers gripped the door wanting to shut him out, wishing that he would go away. I could not think of a fitting reply that would satisfy his enquiries and so I hesitated. "Come on! Let me in will ya?" He began to raise his voice and push his way in. I remained shielded behind the door until he grabbed it, slamming it shut and leaving me exposed and helpless.

"Cornelius isn't available at the moment." I told him. He turned and looked at me. Although this man was hard and so tough, he was also neat and tidy, like all of his kind. It was their style and their outward impression that made them as unique as they were. I admired that. Cornelius was the best one of all.

"So, where is he? I need to talk." 

"Er... I'm not sure." 

"What do ya mean you're not sure?" He looked at me and I could feel his aggression and haste. He scared me just looking at him, but now he was aiming his belligerence towards me. He wanted an answer and I could not think of one as I stood trembling and hesitating. "Look little lady I'm not in the mood for games. Con should be here, right here were he said I could find him. It's been over a week since I saw him and even spoke to him. Now, where is he?"

"He's out of town." My reply came from almost nowhere and yet so true. 

"Out of town? Without letting anyone know? That isn't Con." Samson moved closer as I stood riveted to my spot. He was tall, so tall and I began to quake even more just looking into those cruel dark eyes of his. "You're not telling me the truth are you?" 

"Yes I am. It was very urgent business."

"No way. He would have left messages, even made contact."

I had no answer suitable as an excuse. One thing I knew so clearly was that Samson knew my feelings about Cornelius. He was not an easy person to hide your feelings from and I knew he suspected my intentions the last time Cornelius and I met him. He left a gentle hint that he was going to watch me because he felt that he could not trust me.

"What did you do little lady? Throw him from the window?" He asked. His voice turned soft as I watched his cruel and evil grin form on his face. "You know where he is and this somehow doesn't look too good to me. You better start giving me answers and fast."

I tried so hard to look innocent and oblivious to his pressure, but my shaking body gave it away. His hand gripped my lower jaw, keeping the short distance between us. He did not hurt me. It was almost gentle, but the speed in which he did it took me by surprise. I gasped and stared back into his eyes. 

"So, are you going to tell me where Con is?" Slowly his grip tightened. "Or do I have to be bad in order to get my answers? And you know how bad I can be." He pulled me closer. His dark threatening eyes piercing into mine and I began to realise at that moment he meant business when his hand touched my breast. "I've always known you were a little scheming bitch despite the warnings I gave him about you." His grip found my nipple beneath the silk material and he began to pull. "Not the innocent half wit dolls he thought you were. So, I think you better tell me what you did?"

All I could do was shake my head in reply. He pushed me against the wall and pinned me, his strong hands on either side of my head as he gazed at me with that evil grin of intention. "You know something?" he began, "I've killed many a beauty like you. Some even better. You never did fool me and you never will. I know what you had in mind and I think you eventually did it."

I was trapped. I thought of slipping quickly away, but where could I run? The only escape was the elevator and that was just another trap waiting for me. I had to think fast and I had never once planned for this event to happen. Of course I expected Samson to realise one day what I had done and given more time to think I would have conceived an answer. But now my worst ever fears were there infront of me. 

"You know what?" he softened as he began to talk, "I always liked you. I always thought to myself deep down that I could atleast trust you."

"Trust me? With what?" 

"A plan for our future." I listened and wondered about his reply. What future? I had no intentions of spending the rest of my life with a bully like him. Cornelius was the only man I cared for and still did, even though he was not around anymore. Love sure is weird and Samson's hand began to drift infront of my face as he continued to talk. "Together you and I could have shared this time. Think about it?" His finger pointed at my nose and then gently touched. I began to realise what he meant. 

"We could have shared all of the spoils he had built up. Taken over his whole empire and power as well as all the money he collected. But no, you had to be greedy like all the scheming bitches in this world and want it all for yourself. Your plan isn't fool proof because you can't hide Con and what you did to him for very long. I think you need me now."

He was right to certain extent. Hiding Cornelius was always going to be difficult, but I could for as long as it would take before I made my final escape. I was not ready yet. I loved the world he had given me too much. The apartment was everything I dreamt about, even as a child. However, Samson would be the last person on earth I needed to trust. 

"So you know what I did?" I got brave. I fell for his smooth talk. 

"Yes, I have an idea and you little lady are going to tell me." His hand pulled at my robe, tearing it away from my body quickly. That move was so instant and so surprising it scared me half to death as I felt the material tear painfully, pulling me closer to him and then crashing me back into the wall. I was exposed to him and felt more vulnerable to his intentions. I began to shiver with fear, but I was able to control myself, keep atleast sane for the moment. "I need answers!" he shouted, his rough hard voice boomed at me. "You better fucking talk... now!" His demands were direct as I looked back at him. 

He closed his eyes as if in deep thought and pointed his finger at me again. "Don't make me angry." He said gently. The pointing finger ran between my breasts on its way downward and I could feel it, softly touching my skin. "I have a lot of patience today. You should think yourself very lucky." All I could do was tremble and listen.

Samson opened his eyes. "Look at that pretty robe. Look what you made me do." He lifted the remains of the robe from my shoulder and slid it down my arm. "You could have had a wardrobe full of the best expensive clothes. You could live like a queen." My eyes focused upon his hand as it slid the material over my wrist and then he took my hand and lifted it. "Those painted and manicured nails... so beautiful and yet so wasted on a corpse." I took a deep breath at the mention of the word "corpse" because that told me what his ultimate intention was going to be. And why not? He knew what I knew and it would be so easy for him to take over. As far as the world was concerned I was already dead and uncannily enough so was he. 

"Wait. I want to do a deal with you." He said as he turned and walked away from me. It was only a short recess in what was heading for me. It gave me time to breathe more easily while his back was turned although the ornamental brass figurine of Apollo on the nearby table looked a promising weapon. He turned to me again pointing that finger of his. "You tell me where Con is and I'll let you share everything with me."

"I told you he was out of town." My reply was even braver as I continued the partial lie. I was wrong to give stick with that answer as I soon realised. He came closer again; this time his pointed finger hooked its way into my private. His hand clasped around my mons and I could feel the penetration into me. I closed my eyes and began to pray thinking of the evil disgusting ways Samson can hurt women by tearing them almost apart down there. I was convinced that I was going to be just another painful victim.

"That feels good, you know that?" He almost whispered, his lips closing in on my earlobe and then I felt him nibble, gently. "You are certainly something to desire" I felt helpless and all I wanted was for it to be over as if I had consciously prepared for it. I could not speak a word because of the fear and somehow I was expectantly calm too.

"I can't hurt you." He stood back, removing his hand. "Because I know you too well. You're not like the others. They were strangers and that made it easy." I looked back at him as he licked his finger. "Nice, you taste so nice." He shrugged his shoulders. "I thin you should play your game with me."

In an instant I felt the pain as his hand swiped across my face, momentarily making me loose my vision. The sharp pain took away my breath too and as I tried to regain my senses as I gasped, looking away from him in the direction that my face pointed through the force of his backhand slap. I had been hit before, but not as hard as that. The pain soon changed to a burning sensation around my eye as if a hot piece of metal was searing into my skin.

"Where is Con?" his voiced demanded. My eyes began to fill with tears and I felt obliged to tell him. 

"In the desert."

"Is he alive?" 

"No, I buried him out there." 

I did not look at him once as I began to explain Cornelius' whereabouts. I stared blankly at the far wall and the portrait of The Madonna and Child, which was Cornelius' favourite, although not the original. Samson stood arms folded listening. "I killed him and dumped his body in a hole made by someone. I watched them cover it quickly and then shot them while their backs were turned. I poured petrol over them and burned them."

"You did that?"

"Yes. Why not?" I asked.

"Fuck. You are one crazy bitch. I think I like your style."

It did not matter to me whether he did or not. I did it and that was it. Poor Cornelius lay peacefully in his grave and I was happy and I now hoped he was too. For the world in life, which he gave me, was now paid in full with the world to which I sent him. I turned to Samson who just stared at me. He smiled, which I had never seen him do before. He had replaced that evil cruel grin with something gentler. 

"What are you going to do now?" I asked. "It's what you wanted to know." 

"You saved me a job I was planning. Thing is, what do I do with you?"

I rested almost relaxed into the wall as if I felt the worst was over. I hated and feared this man before me. There was no escape. He shared my secret; my plan and he could take it all if he wanted to. He could kill me. But, I remained calm as if comforted by my prayers. "Its hard to find a woman like you in this world of ours" He began to explain, his arms still folded. "In a way you and I sort of click in our heads. We think alike. I knew you were planning something, I just knew it." I just listened to his voice as he came closer. "We could run Con's outfit together you and I. You could be my queen." 

It was as if he too had a plan carefully thought up to coincide with what I did. But, I knew my plan was uniquely mine. There was no place in my world for the likes of Samson or any of his kind like the others Cornelius trusted so much. I slowly slid along the all towards the table and his eyes fixed upon mine followed me. "I bet you would love so much to be my queen." His hands began to reach out at me, this time offering tranquillity rather than aggression. "Think of what we could do? The places we could visit and the things we could own?"

Momentarily he closed his eyes to think with that smile on his face. I reached for the figurine of Apollo gripping the head in my hand. Then I swung it around quickly striking the base against Samson's skull. He fell forwards; staggering, and I lifted it again and again, bringing it down onto his head repeatedly several times. 

Samson lay silent in a pool of his own blood. I stood naked with the torn silk robe barely covering me, looking down at him, dead. Another murder that I had committed and did not entirely regret. The blood stained figurine slipped through my fingers onto the carpet and I turned to the window. The night was certainly darker now and the city lights more profound as I gazed downwards. At least I still had my world; my lonely apartment and nothing else really mattered. And, nobody was going to take it away from me, ever.