 Freya opened her eyes. She stared at what seemed to be a ceiling for a while, listening to the sounds around her. There was a low level humming or rumbling sound, difficult to identify, but apart from that, there was nothing. No birds, no traffic, no sounds of normal human activity in England. Freya gave up trying to remember where she was and sat up to look around. The room was large and very modern, with minimal decor. In fact, there was nothing to tell her where she was. And no door. And no light switches. There was some dim lighting, but she couldn't see any lights. She sat there, trying not to panic before trying to figure out why she was in a large white box with a bed and nothing else. 

She looked down at herself. She seemed to be wearing some sort of skin suit, rather like a stinger suit or an all-over rash vest. It was black, tight and a bit too revealing for Freya's comfort. Her head suddenly snapped up and she stared at the wall with her mouth open...oh god, someone had taken her out of her clothes and squeezed her into this outrageous outfit! Oh god...the aliens! 

Freya whimpered as all the memories came flooding back. "You are mine." Was the last thing that the Ankhiran had said to her before she had passed out. She slumped back onto the pillows, blood rushing to her cheeks as she remembered the kind of dreams the alien and his words had prompted. Freya ran her hands over her now-sensitive breasts, pausing over her nipples, feeling them tighten and stand to attention. She groaned as her last dream coming back to her in technicolour. Closing her eyes, she ran one hand down between her legs, and started to slowly massage herself, squeezing her thighs together over her hand. 

Oh god! What was she doing? She should be finding her way off this ship not giving herself gratuitous orgasms! She sat up, reluctantly removing her hands. Right, what first? Find a way out of the white box... 

Twenty minutes late, Freya sat down on the bed, despairing. There didn't even seem to be any seams in the walls, let alone cracks or gaps to indicate a door. What about a bathroom? She was starting to get a bit desperate when a section of the wall slid open and the alien walked into the room. 

"You're awake." He came and stood before her, towering over her. He was even more gorgeous than Freya remembered.

She quickly stood up and blurted out "I need a bathroom!" He laughed and gestured to a bare patch of wall next to the bed. Like the other door, a part of the wall seemed to slide across, allowing Freya to step through. Well, thought Freya, at least they seem to appreciate the value of a big luxurious bathroom. The shower (if indeed it was a shower) intrigued Freya; there were no nozzles or handles inside the cubicle and only one button on the outside. Oh well, can't be thinking about that right now. Freya took her time relieving herself and washing her face, using the time to coordinate her thoughts. What to do? Should she try and escape? What would the alien do to her if she got caught? Could she help the other women? 

Thinking hard, Freya wandered over to the full length mirror and gasped with horror. Dear god, what were they thinking putting her into what was basically a lycra wetsuit?! She knew she was not thin any more, but she hadn't thought she could look this bad! Her once toned body was now nearly two stone overweight, but the skin tight outfit was making it look more like four!

Freya jumped away from the mirror as the door opened without warning and the alien stepped in the room. "Hey! I was still using this room!"

"You were taking too long." His eyes glimmered in the dim lighting. "There are a few things we need to get sorted out before we jump into hyperspace."

"Hyper....what? No, no, no, NOOO! This is not real!" Freya wailed. 

The alien sighed. "Let me show you how real this is." He walked over to the bed and waved his hand. A part of the wall above the bed vanished to reveal a window. Freya tentatively left the bathroom and stared at the black sky, spotted with millions of stars. She had never seen a sky like it. And then she moved closer to the window and looked down. She gulped. So that was what the earth looked like from space. She could actually see the earth, all of it, complete with the moon. 

Freya almost lost control at that point. She was in space! How was she going to get home now? She sat down on the bed as her legs refused to support her. Her whole body began to shake in reaction. The alien sat on the bed next to her and attempted to draw her into his arms. As if scalded she leapt of the bed and whirled around to confront the reason for her misery.

"No! No, this is all your fault! Don't touch me!" Tears started to roll down her cheeks as she tried desperately to stop her bottom lip wobbling. "I want out of here. I want to go home!"

He moved so fast that she had no time to dodge him. Before she knew it she was on her back on the bed with the alien using his body to hold her down. He brushed her hair away from her face tenderly saying "You must try to accept that it is no longer your home Freya. Your new home is with me, on Ankhira."

Freya stared up at him through tearful eyes, swallowing hard as she realised that he was lying between her legs and she could feel something hardening against her pelvis. Play along, her mind screamed at her, play along, use him and find a way to escape! 

She licked her dry lips and noticed that his eyes followed the movement. The hot look he gave her left her in no doubt that he wanted her. Maybe, just maybe, she could use this...

"You want me to live with you? But...but I don't even know your name." Freya made herself lie still and looked up at the alien questioningly.

He smiled down at her, pleased that she wasn't struggling too much against her fate. "My name is Cael. I know that this situation is not what you would wish for, but I promise I will take care of you and make you happy."

"Uh...ok." Freya stared at Cael. Well, she thought, he doesn't seem so bad. For a kidnapper and slave trader. "Um, do you think you could possibly find something different for me to wear? It's a very nice outfit but I feel a bit...uh...constricted in it." Never mind the fact that she looked like a beached whale. She felt like she should be listening for the whistle of a harpoon and a cry of 'thar she blows'!

"Sure," Cael climbed off the bed and walked over to the wall, which slid open to reveal a wardrobe. Freya's mouth dropped open as he pulled out the smallest skirt and top she'd ever seen and held it out to her.

"You have to be joking. Please be joking..." Cael just shook his head and offered the tiny pieces of cloth again. Freya gritted her teeth as she tried to control her temper "I am not wearing that! I wouldn't even fit into it!" Way to make a girl feel like crap, thought Freya, what an asshole!

Cael sighed and, grasping her arm gently, pulled her off the bed and out of the room, leaving the skimpy outfit on the bed. They walked down several corridors, all of which looked identical, until they came to a room which contained nothing but three large white boxes. Cael stopped at the first white box and said something in his own language. A door into the box opened and Cael finally turned to Freya. 

"In forty eight hours we will be jumping into hyperspace. It doesn't actually have any effect on the body, but everyone on the ship will be put into cryo-stasis; the reason being that, even at hyper-speed, we won't reach Ankhira for another three months." 

Freya felt her blood turn to ice at this. She only had forty eight hours to get herself and the others off the ship. Oh bugger. She eyed the white box with trepidation. "So is this some sort of cryo-thingy then?"

Cael laughed "No, but I guess you could call this the ship's doctor. It checks your health and fixes whatever needs fixing. Everyone has to go into it before being put into cryo-stasis, and while stasis shouldn't affect you physically, we have laws stating that unless you are confirmed to be in perfect health you cannot be put into a stasis box."

"Oh, ok." Freya curiously looked inside the box and saw that there was a bed in the middle of it. "So I just go in and lie on the bed?" She looked up at Cael. Her eyes narrowed as she caught the smirk that disappeared quickly from his face.

"Yes, but first..." Cael paused "you need to take your clothes off."

"What? Why?"

"Because the box can't scan you properly if you're wearing clothes; it confuses the sensors." He put his hand up to her face, stroking her cheek gently "And you're going to have to take your clothes off in front of me at some point soon anyway." 

Freya tried to step away from him, only to have him wrap his arm around her waist and pull her up against him. She refrained from struggling, not wanting to make him angry, just in case.

Cael's lips drifted over her cheek, seeking her lips. Freya jumped when one hand moved up over her breast and squeezed gently. Go along with it, she told herself, make him think he can trust you. Anyway, it's not as if he's repulsive...

His lips settled over hers and she lost herself in the kiss as his tongue delved into her mouth. His fingers found her nipple and tormented it as his other hand found the opening to her suit at the back of her neck. As the suit was slowly pulled off her shoulders and down, his mouth pulled away from hers and he began kissing his way down her neck. Suddenly she was pushed up against the side of the box and a muscular thigh was pushed between hers, holding her in place. She was unprepared for the explosion of heat between her legs as his hand grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. She felt him roughly bite and suck the skin on her neck and gasped loudly as Cael ground himself against her. OK, this was bad, she had to stop him somehow, before she became too turned on to think! But, oh god, it felt so great....

"Please," she gasped "wait, please stop." She grasped his shoulders and tried to push him away.

"Why?" Freya's eyes and mouth slammed open as his hand quickly made its way under the skin suit and down to her wet pussy. His fingers rubbed along her, seeking the source of the moisture gathered there. She quickly grabbed at his wrist, almost panting "Please, don't, you have to stop." And then an idea started to form in her mind....

"Why?" Cael asked again, still rubbing his fingers along the lips of her vagina. His green eyes bore into hers, daring her to tell him why they should stop.

She stifled a groan, but managed to look abashed as she lowered her eyes modestly. "Because, I...I've...uh...never done this before." She blushed at the lie, but noted his startled look with satisfaction.

"You've never lain with a man?" Freya saw that Cael was looking down at her with surprise. She thought of the cat in the animation Shrek and did her best to imitate his limpid-eyed look. "No, I've just....never....found anyone I....uh...wanted to...um....make love to." Oh god was she going to hell for this one or what! Detesting herself, Freya then thought of Marilyn Monroe and managed to make her voice all breathy and excited "I just want my first time to be....special." She looked up at Cael pleadingly.

Cael looked down at her, no expression on his face. Finally he released her, but not before he pressed a searing kiss on her lips. "I will leave you this time, but we will be together, soon." He said as he gazed down at her with hooded eyes. Freya felt her pulse and her breathing quicken as her treacherous mind went to town on the imagery. "But you still have to take your clothes off..."

Freya's face turned scarlet as he helped her strip out of the skin suit. Her nipples were so hard she could have cut glass and her damp arousal was plain to see once the skin suit was pulled below her hips. Cael's hand on her leg tightened as his eyes swept over her incredibly turned on body, but then he just pulled the skin suit over her foot and stood up. As she turned to go into the box, Cael's hands stopped her and keeping her back to him, said "What's this? You are part of some tribe?"

For a minute, Freya had no idea what he was talking about, and then it hit her. "Oh you mean my dragon?" Two thirds of Freya's back was taken up with a silhouette of a beautiful Chinese style dragon, all in black only, stretching from her right hip to just under her left shoulder. He was her pride and joy, ever since she had had him tattooed on five years previously. "No tribe, just me." She smiled at Cael and stepped into the box.

"Lie down on the bed and just relax." Freya did as he said and watched him close the door. As soon as she heard the lock turn she started laughing. Virgin my ass! Twenty five year old virgins were a rare breed indeed in England. Almost extinct in fact! And nothing could have been further from the truth with regards to Freya. She shivered a bit, wondering what he would do if he figured out that she was lying. But then, if she had anything to do with her future, he would never be finding out. She looked around the box, wondering when something would start happening. Suddenly she felt her eyes grow heavy and recognised the feeling. Oh no...not again....

Freya woke with a start. She looked around and realised that she was back in the white box/room. She lay there, knowing something was different, but unable to put her finger on it. She felt different. And horny. Damn that man, she thought as she remembered what had happened. She giggled as she remembered that she was now meant to be a virgin. Wow, she felt seriously horny...maybe she should give herself a quick orgasm before leaving the bed. Her hands delved under the covers to find her breasts. That's funny, they felt different. Freya pulled the covers down and stared at her breasts. Except that she was pretty sure they weren't hers... She leapt out of the bed and ran to the bathroom, throwing herself in front of the mirror. Unable to believe what she was seeing, Freya alternatively touched the mirror and herself. There was another woman staring at her from the mirror...except...Freya stared hard at the other woman's face and realised that it was actually hers. She hadn't been body-snatched or anything, she was just thin and fit again. So that was what he meant by 'in perfect health'? Hmm, well, she couldn't complain about the results so far. She examined herself a bit more, feeling her nipples harden, almost painfully. Wow, talk about super sensitive! Her hand drifted down to her thighs. Ooh, there was now no hair on her body; none at all. It was every girls dream come true! She pressed her hand against her mound and oh yeah, she was now seriously sensitive! She gasped as her fingers delved in, rubbing over her clitoris. God she was so wet! It was so easy to slip a finger into herself, and then another one, and then another one. Freya began panting as she sank down to her knees, her legs spread wide. Oh god...she wanted so much more, but she knew from past experience that three fingers were all she could take. Her hips began bucking slightly as she moved the fingers inside her. Slowly she withdrew them and began rubbing her juices further up towards her clit. Her breath shuddered out of her as she neared orgasm and began to rub faster, her juices now coating her whole hand. Her head went back, her mouth hanging open as her other hand teased and pulled her nipples. She listened to her own heavy breathing and cries of pleasure and the incredibly erotic sound of her soaking pussy sucking at her fingers, and then the world went white as her orgasm hit her.

Freya looked at herself in the mirror again; she was out of breath, her hair was a mess, she was sweaty and flushed, but damn she looked good! She laughed at herself; that was the best orgasm she'd ever had! She looked at herself again. That box had done such a good job on perfecting her body. Hey, even that annoying scar in her cleavage had been removed! Freya was amazed as she realised that her body literally was perfect, there were no blemishes anywhere! Uh...wait a minute. Freya spun round and stared at her back.

Cael was on the bridge finalising the flight plan for their journey through hyper-space. He figured it would be time to check on Freya soon. He was looking forward to spending more time with her, guessing that she would revel in having a new, perfect body. She was sure to thank him for that, and the fact that he'd increased her sensitivity. He smiled as he thought of her. 

And then they heard the scream; it was not a scream of fear, it was the sound of pure rage!

Cael's second in command, Aesico, turned to him with an evil grin on his face. "I think I've just won our bet, old friend. I'm reckoning she's just a little upset with you for removing her dragon! How about another bet? Twenty Credits says that you don't get out of that room alive!"

-----------------------------------------

Just a quick note to say thank you to those who voted and those who have left comments; it was so encouraging to be told that my main characters are popular with the readers.

I'm also going to apologise in advance for any long gaps between installments; I'm currently at university and while I love my writing, studies come first! So never fear, I may take a while but I promise that I won't leave this story unfinished!