 Disbelief hit Freya as she stared at the clearing. There was what could only be described as a flying saucer and a large group of women were being herded into it in single file. Most were quiet, but every now and then some started struggling and crying, trying to get away, only to be physically hauled onto the ship by some men in very tight black uniforms. All of them had their hands tied behind their backs. Nearby there were also some military trucks and a couple of those anonymous black cars that government people use.

Freya pulled her camera up to her face and zoomed in to get a better look. 

Standing by the cars were three men; one in a suit, one pissed-off looking high ranking soldier and a large man in the same black uniform as the others, whom Freya presume were from the 'spaceship'. The man in the suit and the uniformed man seemed to be having a satisfying conversation, going by the smug and happy looks on their faces, only the military man seemed dissatisfied. He had a disgusted look on his face as he stared at the two other men and he seemed content to stay out of the conversation. 

Before Freya could start to examine the uniformed man, twigs snapped behind her, making her jump. She rolled over on to her back and sat up, ready to start running if she needed to. For a tense moment, nothing moved, but then a soldier emerged from the bushes, a gun levelled in her direction. 

"What the hell?!" 

Looking up into the soldiers face, she realised that he could only have been about twenty years old and looked as scared as she did. Freya stared as the soldier disappeared into the bushes again. Oh shit...who wants to bet that he's got a whole bunch of friends with guns! Freya started frantically collecting her belongings. And then...more crashing through the bushes....yup, here they were. Oh crap! 

Fifteen minutes later, Freya was lifted down from a jeep in front of the spaceship. She stared at her captors, interestedly noting how none of the men present seemed to want to meet her eyes. Except for the suit and the guy in the black uniform.

"What the hell is this?" The suit scurried towards them. 

"Isn't that what I should be asking?" Freya glared down at the short man, briefly considering the fact that he strongly resembled a weasel. Or maybe a ferret. Something small, thin and twitchy anyway. "What are you doing with all those women?" She jerked her head at the spaceship. "And what the hell is this thing meant to be?"

The little man gave her a revolted look "Ah, a journalist, I'll willingly bet." A soldier gave him her drivers' licence. He read it quickly and then gave her a smug smile; one she didn't trust. "Miss De Winter, I am sorry to say that this is one story that you will never report." He turned to the man in the tight uniform. "Do you happen to have room for one more?" 

The man nodded. "Always." He smiled arrogantly at Freya. She stared back. She had never seen such a gorgeous specimen of manhood. He was tall, well muscled, tanned and had a face that angels would have given their right arms for...providing they were tall, dark angels that wanted a hard chiselled face with shimmering forest green eyes, of course! And that uniform, it just hugged every centimetre of skin, leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination... Freya's eyes snapped back up to his face when she heard him give a soft chuckle. She turned her attention back to the little weasel-like man, cursing her obviously burning cheeks.

"So, you wanted to find out what was going on here? Well, you will now experience it!" The weasel gloated at Freya. "You are now going to be taken to his planet, Ankhira, where you will be used for breeding purposes. As will all the women on this ship, and others." He laughed at Freya's shocked face. "Yes, aliens do exist and the government knows all about them! And it's been a good trade. The government gets some amazing new weapons technology and the Ankhirans get 1000 fertile women. But this is only the first ship; it's staggered so as not to arouse suspicion. There are only fifty women on this ship. Oh whoops," the evil little rodent sniggered "there's fifty one including you!"

"Davids!" The military man was now frowning fiercely at the suit "I do not see any reason to taunt this woman, nor did I see any reason for you to taunt any of the other women. You are over-stepping the bounds of decency, you horrible little misogynist! Get a grip or I will put in an official complaint the minute we get back to HQ in London!" 

Freya stared at the military man. "It's true?"

The man's eyes softened. "I'm sorry my dear, but yes, it's true. And we have orders to put any female witnesses on the ship as well. Be thankful you're not male, we have orders to kill them on sight."

Freya stared at the weasel, who had an obnoxiously smug smile stretched over his ugly little face. He then leaned into Freya and said "Just imagine, a planet where women are slaves sold to the highest bidder and have no power. I'm figuring that your career as a journalist has just ended!" The man then sniggered again.

The military man's faced turned bright red with anger as he bellowed "Davids!"

But he was too late. Freya's emotions had altered somewhat; at first she had been frightened, but now she was in the grip of an incandescent rage. Freya was literally seeing red. The slimy little weasel was so wrapped up in his gloating that that first he knew of Freya's fury was when her foot connected with his groin. As he collapsed towards the ground, tears in his eyes, Freya kicked him, again and again, on any part of his body she could reach.

"You evil little fuck-wit! How dare you trade us! How dare you sell us, like slaves! You foul slimy piece of shit! I'm not going on that ship...I'm staying here so I can personally castrate you!"

Freya was so focussed on making the little man suffer that she missed the grins on the faces of most of the military personnel around her. Eventually the high ranking military man gave a signal and two soldiers grabbed her under her arms and lifted her away from the cowering and bruised creature huddling on the floor. Freya struggled for a few minutes, but knew it was pointless. She then snarled at the Ankhiran "Hey dick-head, didn't you know that slave trading went out of fashion years ago?"

The Ankhiran merely smiled at her and signalled to one of his crewmen; an equally gorgeous example of the Ankhiran species. He spoke softly to the man who then walked over to Freya. "I am to take you to the ship. Please?" He held out his hand. The two soldiers let her go and in an instant she knew this would be her only chance to escape. The Ankhiran went down quickly after receiving her foot in his groin (seriously, how dumb do they have to be to let her get away with it twice!?) and at the same time one of the soldiers was incapacitated by an elbow to his nose. Freya had never been more grateful for her self-defence and kick-boxing lessons! She used the element of surprise and pushed past the other soldier and the groaning Ankhiran and sprinted for the trees behind the spaceship. The weasel was still lying on the ground, right in her path. She couldn't resist stamping on his hand as she ran past him, relishing his scream of pain.

Freya couldn't believe her luck as she managed to reach the tree-line. She hadn't really thought she'd get this far. Alive, anyway. She threw herself through the bushes and trees, intent on putting as much distance between herself and the alien ship. It wasn't long though before she heard sounds of pursuit. A few years previously, Freya could probably have out-run most of the soldiers. But a rather large part of the recent years had been spent in front of a computer instead of at the gym, and Freya had never been able to resist those delicious little pastries from her local bakery....

Panting heavily, Freya dashed behind a wide tree-trunk, sliding down on to her stomach to hide under a small shrub. She tried to hold her breath as two soldiers jogged past, staring into the trees, trying to spot her. After they had vanished into the undergrowth, her breath exploded out of her. She rolled over on to her back, wiped the sweat from her hot, red face and stared at the leaf canopy. What the hell had she gotten herself into? She rolled on to her stomach again to watch and listen carefully for any more signs of life. But there was nothing. 

Freya started to push herself up, only to feel strong hands grab her and flip her over on to her back. All the air in her body was suddenly expelled as a larger than average male landed on top of her. Gasping for breath, she looked up at the Ankhiran with wide, scared eyes as he pinned her hands to the ground.

"Running is not a very good idea with Ankhirans. It only makes us want to chase you." Green eyes stared into Freya's as she tried to collect her thoughts. "There's no point in fighting, you're going nowhere except on the ship now."

"Why?" Freya sobbed. "Please let me go, I promise I won't report the story, I won't say anything at all. Please, I don't want to go on the ship. I wasn't even meant to be on the ship. And it's my life life, not yours to trade!" she shrieked hysterically.

The alien's head bent and she shuddered as he kissed her neck "It is now. You were fairly traded buy your own government" He gently kissed her lips as she felt something sting. "I'm sorry..."

Freya looked at him confused. Why was he apologising? He suddenly pinned both of her hands above her head with one of his. Freya's stomach jerked almost painfully as he kissed her hard, invading her mouth and bruising her lips. Her head was pushed back, exposing her neck. She could feel him doing something with his free hand, but couldn't tell what. Breathing heavily again, she tried to pull her lips away from his "Whatever you're doing...stop it!" As Freya started struggling again, something stung her exposed neck and suddenly struggling seemed like such hard work. Her limbs felt like they were full of lead and her eyes refused to stay open. As she sank into the welcoming darkness she felt the alien kiss her again and tell her "Understand this...you are mine. You will never escape from me again."