 Sunlight shining through her eyelids woke Celeste early this morning. Sitting up in bed, she looked out the glassed in doors overlooking the Twin's Yard. The Twin's Yard was a courtyard positioned between two arms of the castle the guestrooms and Offspring's Hall. It was a modest courtyard containing a simple pond in on corner. A large weeping willow grew on the bank away from the stone walls, forming a shadowed hideaway beneath its branches. Opposite the pond was Celeste's pride and joy. A small hedge-maze with creeping roses flowing throughout the hedge. Only three entrances existed, her door, leading to her balcony with steps into the yard. Williams balcony next door, and on small gate leading to the outer courtyard. No other doors or even windows looked into the yard. Since the twins were 8 this had been their private domain. Under the shady willow they had taken their lessons together, in the pond they had played at "lost on the sea", and no other had ever intruded on them. 

Pulling herself back from memories of yesteryears, Celeste got out of bed and began to dress for the day. To think, some called princesses can't even dress themselves, requiring several maids just to don a simple dress. Celeste smiled to herself. Of course, they never did anything exciting, like riding to the hunt. With her dress buttons done up and her soft boots laced, Celeste stepped out to start her day with some breakfast.

With that weird twin connection, William was also stepping from his room to head down to the Great Hall as well. 

"So did you see..." William began.

"Yes. And the way...?" Celeste answered.

"Yeah, I wonder if..."William started.

"I don't know, but I am sure she did?" Celeste ended.

With their normal closeness they talked back and forth, barely saying three words before the other answered back, knowing what the other was asking. Both had noticed their brother practically drooling over the redhead at the table last night. And whether her husband had noticed and would take offense.

They rounded a corner and bumped into the very object of their discussion. All three fell to the floor. The redhead was the first on her feet hurriedly helping Celeste to hers. She began to briskly dust the princess off.

"My apologies your Highness. I really must start watching where I am going." Megan said demurely. 

For some reason Celeste did not think she was that subservient. Those flashing gray eyes, the almost smirk on her lips and the way she carried herself spoke more of one who is used to others being submissive with her. Plus, if Celeste had not known any better, she would have sworn that the other woman had been feeling her up while dusting her off. She distinctly felt both her bottom and her breast being pinched. Pushing that all from her mind, she stepped back a little.

"That is quite alright. I too, must keep my eyes open in the future." So saying, she whisked by almost dragging William in her wake. Right before rounding a corner, she looked over her shoulder, Megan was still standing there with that smirk firmly on her face, and a challenge in her eye.

Blake exited the door to his own quarters, across from the twin's rooms, with a distracted air. He had slept poorly last night. Images of stormy gray eyes and a well-shaped buttock moving beneath gauzy material haunted him all night. A voice brought him back to the here and now.

"Good morning your Highness," Megan held her head and shoulders back as she dipped into a smooth curtsy. 

Blake's eyes were immediately drawn to the shadowed cleavage shown by the half-unlaced blouse. He could have sworn he saw the edge of her right nipple peeking through the opening. But no, women of her station did not run around without underthings, it must be his over acting imagination.

"Good morning... Megan? Isn't it?" he stammered.

"Yes your Highness. Me and my ... husband, are traveling through your kingdom. Your gracious mother allowed us to stay long enough to wash off the road."

Blake's mind was rushing hither and yonder did she hesitate naming her husband? Was he her husband? Or were they estranged? These thoughts and more tumbled through his head. And he found that he could not tear his eyes from the sight of her pale flesh shown through the laces. With an effort he moved his eyes to her face, where a smirk lingered on her lips. Once again she had caught him looking at something he shouldn't have.

"Your pardon, ma'am." With a hurried bow, he stepped around her and all but ran down the hall. The sound of her rich laughter followed him.

Gwen's eyes followed Rachael's every movement, as the maid helped her into her dress and fixed up her hair. Parts of her plan ran through her head. She decided now was the best time to start. With a deep sigh she settled into her chair. This small shift in position brought her right shoulder in contact with Rachael's left breast. Gwen started to squirm, as if she could not get comfortable in her chair. Every twitch of her upper body caused her shoulder to rub back and forth across Rachael's nipple.  

"Is something wrong m'lady?"

"Yes, this shift itches. Are you sure it is a clean shift?"

"Why yes, m'lady. I got from your wardrobe just before I woke you."

"Well it must not have been clean when it was put away. Help me out of it."

"Yes, m'lady" Rachael reached up and began to unbutton the dress, slide it off her shoulders and held Gwen steady as she stepped out of it. With one smooth motion, Gwen grabbed the end of the shift and lifted it over her head and off. Turning to face her prize possession, a standing mirror taller than she was, Gwen ran her hands over her slightly sagging breast, still tight tummy, and through the dark bush at the junction of her legs.

"Do you think I am still beautiful?"

"OH yes, m'lady. You are very beautiful." Rachael could not help but compare the queen's body with Megan's. Gwen's stomach was slimmer than Megan's and her breast were a touch bigger, but Megan's breast had no sag and she had told Rachael that she trimmed her lower hair. Rachael had been thinking of that ever since Megan mentioned it. She thought of trying it herself. She mulled over these thoughts as she pulled another shift out of the wardrobe. 

"On second thought, it is a warm day. I want to try something I have not done in a long time. I will forgo the shift. Help me back into the dress." The Queen spoke without turning from the mirror.

With her shocked expression quickly hidden, Rachael did just that. During the dressing, Rachael could have sworn that the Queen was deliberately rubbing herself against Rachael's hands. As she was adjusting the front of the dress to hang properly, she felt Gwen's nipples harden. Flustered and a little aroused herself, she hurriedly finished the Queen's hair and stepped back.

Under the guise of checking her appearance in the mirror, Gwen watched Rachael. The young maid's face was flush, her breathing a touch heavier than it should be, and her hands twitched, as if they would rather be doing something other than hang at her side. Gwen smiled; phase one had gone off without a hitch, now to setup phase two.

"I will require your assistance around midday. I wish a bath before dinner."

"Yes, your Majesty"

Gwen then left the room to commence her morning duties.

Alone in the Queen's Chambers, Rachael replayed the events of the morning. She still was not sure if the Queen had been deliberately rubbing herself against Rachael's body. Putting the problem out of her mind, she went about cleaning the room. After straightening up, she left the room to head to her own. In the hall leading to the servants quarters, Megan appeared by her side to follow her all the way into Rachael's room. Once the door was shut Megan pulled her into an embrace and kissed her. 

"Remember your words last night, my little sex kitten?" Megan asked, after breaking off the kiss.

"Words? W-W-What words?" Rachael stammered her arousal peak once more.

"That you would do anything I asked if I just let you cum"

"Yes, m'lady, what is your wish?"

Megan leaned forward and began whispering into her ear. Her face showed surprised shock.

"M'lady, I would get in trouble for that. I would lose my position at the castle at the least. And as for the worse..."

"Don't you worry about that." Megan interrupted. "I promise you that nothing will happen to you because of what I just asked. I swear."

A thoughtful look settled on her face; then her lips began to curl into a lustful smile.

"It will be as you command, m'lady"

"Good, I will leave it to you to decide how you will do it. Just make sure it is done." With that, she opened the door and left.

Later that day, Rachael was drawing the bath for Gwen, and thinking of what Megan had told her to do. She was unsure of how she would pull it off, but she knew she would try her hardest. The bath was almost full. The castle boasted an intricate system of pipes inside its walls that carried both cold and hot water to several rooms. It even piped water to the second floor. The current King's ancestor had built the castle and all its special features. The how and why was lost in the mists of time.

A noise in the front room roused Rachael from her musing. Opening the door, she found Queen Gwen walking toward her. Gwen swept passed her and into the bathing chamber. 

"Here, help me out of this." Gwen looked over her shoulder at Rachael. Time for phase two, she thought as Rachael's nimble fingers made short work of her laces. 

Once stripped, Gwen stepped into the bath. She sank into the warm water with a sigh.

"Shall I wash you, your Majesty?" 

Gwen gave a murmur of ascent. Rachael grabbed a washcloth and the bar of soap. Dipping the cloth in the water she began to work up lather. Setting aside the soap, she started washing the only thing above water, Gwen's shoulders and breasts. With soft touches, Rachael brought the cloth down off Gwen's shoulders across the top of her chest, then around the outside of her bust. Rachael saw the Queen's nipples harden as she continued to wash the outer edge of Gwen's breasts. That's never happened before, she thought, I wonder if it has really been that long since the King has touched her. Feeling empowered by her recent experiences with Megan; Rachael began to wash closer and closer to the nipples. Soon she was wiping the cloth directly across the, now rock-hard, nipples. Rachael was lost in what she was doing until the Queen moaned. Rachael jerked her hands away.

"No, please don't stop." Gwen breathed with need in her voice.

With those words having been spoken, Rachael happily went back to playing with the Royal Tits. Forgoing the washcloth, Rachael's nimble fingers started twisting and pinching Gwen's nubs. Rachael had her moaning again in no time. 

Rachael watched Gwen's face as she tweaked her nipples. Lust filled her eyes and passion dominated her face. Letting go of the nipples, Rachael's stood up and quickly rid herself of her clothing, then hopped into the sunken tub with the Queen. 

Rachael completed these actions so fast that Gwen was not even aware of it until the water splashed up and over her breasts from Rachael jumping in. Gwen opened her eyes to see Rachael's head lower to her breast and begin to nibble and lick her now soap free nubs. Gwen gasped in shock and secret joy, when one of Rachael's hands found its way to her crotch. Her fingers began to play with Gwen's swelling clit, hiding between her puffy pussy lips. One finger soon found its way into her slippery hole. A second soon joined it as Rachael's thumb worked her sensitive clit. Between the thumb, the two fingers stroking her hole and Rachael's talented tongue Gwen came to a fast orgasm. Rachael continued her administrations through out Gwen's first climax. Knowing what she was doing to the other woman had started her own pussy to get wet, and her clit to swell. But she figured she would have to wait until later to do anything about that. Therefore she was surprised when she felt fingers fumbling at her crotch. She raised her head to look Gwen in the eye.

"Please, show me how to pay you back for that." Gwen begged in a wanton voice.

Rachael stepped out of the tub, pulling the Queen behind her. Not even bothering to dry off, Rachael led Gwen to the huge bed in the other room. Once there, she laid the Queen out, then climbed on top. She threw her leg over Gwen's head and positioned her own over the bush at the junction of Gwen's legs.

"Now just do as I do, your Majesty, and we will both have fun" With those words Rachael dived into the Queen's pussy. Using the fingers of one hand, she spread Gwen's lips to expose her clit. With forceful swipes of her tongue, Rachael began to eat her Queen. After several minutes she felt tentative probing in her pussy, as Gwen tried to reciprocate Rachael's actions. Rachael slid one finger up slippery hole in front of her to show Gwen what she wanted done to herself. A second soon joined the first. She felt Gwen copying the movements. With her tongue and fingers, Rachael brought her Queen to another orgasm. After settling down from that one, Gwen hurriedly resumed her work on Rachael and had her cumming soon after.

For over an hour they staid like that. Trading orgasms back and forth. Every now and then climaxing together. When their fingers were exhausted and their tongues stiff, Rachael rolled off Gwen and positioned herself along the Queen's left hand side. She pulled Gwen into an embraced and felt herself drifting off to sleep. Then she heard Gwen murmur.

"So, my little pleasure giver, does my pussy taste better than Megan's?"