 Alex woke slowly. His head feeling stuffy and his body feeling... Odd. He wasn't sure where he was. It didn't feel familiar. He opened his eyes slowly. The light in the room was low, but he could see. He was in a bedroom somewhere. He stretched out his arms, moving the sheets.

It was odd though he felt a soft the firm pressure against his arm underneath him. He could also feel his arm. Now usually that is his chest, but his chest does not feel like that against his arm and the pressure is further out then his chest should be. He raised himself up a bit and the blanket fell down to his hips. Looking down he did a double take, then a triple take.

He had breasts. At a wild guess, since he was looking down at them which is hardly the way he was used to seeing breasts, they seemed to be a b-cup. They looked soft and pert, and in the cold air his nipples were hard.

Alex ran his hands down over them and bit his lip a bit as they seemed more sensitive than... well his chest had been. They felt very soft, supple, and pliant. He ran his hands down lower over a now flat stomach, his 'bit extra' was gone. It felt really weird.

As he moved he could feel his cock brush his leg, but even that didn't feel quite right. He pulled the blanket away and looked down his body. His cock had changed. It was a darker tone near the base and lighter nearer the tip. It was thicker, probably an 2 inches wide and he was soft. It was also longer, he was soft and at least as long now as he used to be hard, so probably six inches. Not something he'd mind per se, what guy would turn down a somewhat bigger cock unless they already had 'too much'?

However he also felt something else and he slid his hand down below his cock, past his balls. There he felt something he knew from women. The lips of a pussy and a clit at the top. He moved his fingers further and he felt the entrance to a pussy complete with what certainly felt like a hymen. Though he had no experience with those except in the abstract. Brushing against it felt strange and he could tell there was a gap at the top. He could probably slip his finger right inside. Part of him was tempted to do just that. Playing with this pussy felt good.

He literally had no idea what to think. He caught a glimpse of a mirror against the wall and climbed out of bed then walked over to the mirror. He could simply not believe his eyes.

He, or maybe he should say 'She' now, looked much more like a woman. A rather exotic one. Alex also looked more like 20 than 40. Alex's skin was a darker tone, a bit like caramel. Alex eyes were a brilliant lavender shaded purple and were very catlike, nearly slitted. Alex's hair had turned a nearly white shade of blonde and his ears seemed to be missing at first, until he saw soft looking cat like ears poking out through his hair. Alex face had become much more feminine, he couldn't quite recognize himself. Alex's breasts were perky and firm looking, just the right size to fit in the hand. Alex's hips were wide and feminine. A quick turn to the side showed he now had a nice firm round ass with a lithe tail with a light covering of 'fur' along it jutted out along the crack of his shapely ass. Then their was his cock which was inflating as he admired himself in the mirror. If he wasn't the one that looked like this he'd fuck them silly.

Alex couldn't resist parting his thighs and moving his balls aside to look at his pussy. It looked soft with the inner labia edging out past the outer ones. Alex's arousal causing the clit to peak out of it's hood. He caressed the outer lips with his fingers. A tingle of pleasure washed through him. His muscles tightening in place he wasn't used to, or at least in a different way then he was used to.

Suddenly a pair of arms snaked around Alex and two hands squeezed his breasts. Alex's hard nipples sending a wave of pleasure through his body as the hands did their work. Alex moaned and then felt lips against his neck and something soft yet hard press against his ass. Alex heard Alyssa's voice in his ear "I see you've finally woken up. Also that you couldn't resist playing with the new 'additions'."

Alex nodded "More that I wasn't sure they were real. Though they certainly feel that way."

Alyssa ran her hands down from Alex's breasts, over his hips, and one grasped his cock as the other cupped his pussy. As Alex gasped, Alyssa said "Yes. They feel wonderfully real to me to."

Alex slightly managed to get back to his senses and asked "What happened...?" Though a hand on his cock and another brushing his pussy lips was very distracting.

Alyssa sighed a little and said "I'm not really sure. They swear those vaccinations are fool-proof, but it sure looks like the transformation virus. I've been tending you the last week. It's not like I could go to someone."

Alex sighed, knowing it was true enough. Official policy said no new infections had happened in nearly a year.Everyone would freak out if more cases were found and here he may be exotic, but he would fit in. "I can understand that. Though I don't exactly recognize myself."

Alyssa nipped light on his neck sliding one hand up Alex's body and giving his breast a squeeze. "Well I was fine with you as you were, though I have to say this change has certainly given us some new options." Her other hand teased Alex's clit under it's hood, eliciting a gasp from him. Accented even more when she pressed her hard cock into his thigh.

Alex said "I'm not sure I'm ready for that... Especially as big as you are..." Alex couldn't say that it wasn't an intriguing thought, fingers already felt good and he was sure in principle that would likely feel amazing. He didn't think of himself as a girl though, even if he had some new 'equipment'.

Alyssa moved her hips around and Alex felt her cock brush through his pussy lips and against his clit. Alex felt more than a bit weak in the knees. "While I admit my cock is bigger than the first cock most girls see... I'm sure it would feel oh so good." She giggled and added "If it was anatomically possible I'd love to feel what my cock feels like deep inside myself. So I can of envy you that." She kissed and sucked on Alex's neck "You can feel what my cock is like buried deep inside your body, filling you up so good..." Alyssa's pressed one of her finger's into Alex's pussy passed the hymen, stretching the hole open further, as she said that. She added " I've never actually used my cock 'as intended'. So we could even trade firsts."

Alex was so unused to any of these sensations. It was rather hard not to give in. Besides with all this playing and teasing an ache deep in his belly had started and something inside said that Alyssa's cock would scratch that itch. Looking down at himself past his breasts, that Alyssa was still teasing, he could see his new cock fully erect. It was probably nearly as long as Alyssa's and only slightly less wide. If Alyssa would take his new cock inside her, and she had just said she'd even take her own if she could, then was it right to say no?

Alex was pretty sure it was all hormones talking, but he slowly nodded and said "Allright."

Alyssa purred and said "Then lets move to the bed dear." Then she lead Alex to the bed, pushing him just enough in the back that he fell onto it. As Alex turned over he could see a very naked Alyssa, which was always a sight to stir the blood. Though at the moment with what he just agreed to his eyes focused not just on her full plump breasts or her slit, but her thick purple cock with it's pink head.

Alyssa followed Alex onto the bed. Climbing on sensually and slowly moving up over Alex's legs. She stopped when she got to Alex's hips running her hands under Alex and over his ass. Alyssa was staring at his cock standing straight up from his body and licking her lips. "I do so want you to use that new cock of yours on me soon as well." She couldn't resist taking a lick that made Alex moan.

She moved lower though to Alex's pussy, which was already slick with his juices. Alyssa slid her finger back inside causing another moan from Alex. Then she started to lick and tease the pussy in front of her as she began moving her finger. Alex couldn't help moaning, the sensations new and oh so arousing. Alex's hips moving to thrust forward toward the finger as it slid forward into Alex's pussy. Then Alyssa worked a second finger in past Alex's hymen, stretching it more.

Alex couldn't believe how good a few fingers could feel, however they didn't quite scratch that itch that was building inside. While he was thinking that Alyssa began to lick Alex's clit as it peaked out of it's hood causing Alex's hips to buck even more. Alyssa moved her fingers around in Alex's pussy working to stretch the hymen blocking her from simply taking Alex now. Then Alyssa inserted a third finger into Alex's slick wet pussy. Alex moaned more and said "That feels so good." Besides the itch a new feeling was stirring a certain tension that vaguely reminded him of how it felt before a really good orgasm, but it was slower to build.

Alyssa giggled and pulled her lips away from Alex's clit she had been teasing with her tongue. "Love, you haven't felt anything yet." She was looking up at Alex with a lust filled gaze. "Maybe you are ready for the real thing now, hmmm?" Her three fingers moving deep in to the joints of her hand with each stroke. 

Alex was torn, he wanted this and yet it was also scary beyond belief. Desire won out and Alex said almost breathlessly "Yes. I want the real thing now."

Alyssa got onto her knees, her fingers still inside Alex. Her cock standing proud and erect as she watched Alex still humping her fingers. Alyssa smiled as she saw Alex watching her cock and said "Oh, what is it you want...?"

Alex hesitated only a second from her teasing and said "I want your hard cock inside me."

Alyssa slid her hips forward and drew her fingers out of Alex's pussy, causing Alex to moan at the loss. She rubbed the thick head of her cock through Alex's pussy lips. "So you want my big cock in here then?"

Alex nodded "Yes. I want your big cock in my pussy."

Alyssa stopped rubbing her cock along Alex's slit and found the entrance, just resting the head inside Alex's pussy lips. Then she slide her hips forward as she held Alex's hips.. Her plump cockhead pushing at Alex's hymen before it stretched it's way through. Alex jumped and cried out as Alyssa's cock slid inside. There was a flash of pain at the suddenness of the invasion, Alex's pussy stretching as Alyssa's big cock filled it. Alyssa started working more of her cock inside slowly, using her hips to press it in further. Alex was in heaven, while the instant of entry brought a flash of pain but it faded as quickly as it had come. A deep stirring starting again in Alex's belly. Alex's hips bucked up toward Alyssa, eager to drive her cock in as deep as possible.

Alyssa finally buried the last of her cock in Alex's tight pussy. Alex looked down to see Alyssa's big cock buried all the way inside and something changed in Alex. Alex felt so full and this felt so right. Alex may have a cock, but Alyssa had made Alex into a woman in more ways than one. This would not be the last time Alyssa fucked Alex's pussy. Alex thrust her hips up to meet Alyssa's and moaned out "Oh god Alyssa. Fuck me with that big cock of yours."

Alyssa couldn't turn down such a sexy request as that and started to thrust in and out of Alex's pussy. Alyssa couldn't resist teasing though and said "Keep talking like that and I'll think you love cock."

Alex looked Alyssa right in the eye and replied through her moans "You've made me a cock lover. I can't get enough of your cock. It's so deep inside me."

Alyssa started to fuck Alex harder, this dirty talk getting her more worked up. "So you are my cock loving slut?"

Alex nodded "I'm your cock loving slut... Ohhh..." Her pussy wrapped firmly around the big cock as they collectively worked in and out of her pussy. Their hips moving in sync with each other like the other day, but in reverse now. Alyssa's thrusts were deep and hard, their bodies making wet slapping noises as they met. Alex arched her back and moaned louder thrusting her hips up eagerly to meet Alyssa's thrusts. Alex cried out "Oh god... fuck me... fuck me..."

Alyssa, and Alex, could feel her cock swell as she got so very close to the edge. She said to Alex "I'm going to cum and fill this tight pussy of yours with cum."

Alex moaned and said "Fuck. Yes. I want you to fill me with your cum." Alex brain wasn't thinking it's clearest, but it certainly knew what it wanted. Alex loved the feeling of being so full inside. Alex was pretty sure what he was feeling with every deep stroke of Alyssa's now was her cock bumping into his cervix just before her uterus. Alex's cock twitched not from any contact, but just from the sensations in her pussy.

Alyssa couldn't hold off any longer and with her next thrust her cock twitched and shot the first string of cum deep into Alex's womb. The feeling of cum starting to fill her up sent Alex over the edge and making her cry out as her pussy clamped down on the invading cock tightly trying to milk all the cum it could from it. Alex's cock also erupted sending strings of cum into the air, most landing on her breasts, belly, and face though some of it landed on Alyssa as Alex's squirming body moved the aim. When Alyssa's cock stopped twitching Alex could feel the load of cum inside her. So much of it present some even escaped around Alyssa's cock and ran down Alex's ass.

Alyssa collapsed on top of Alex, her body pushing Alex's cock to the side as she did. She snuggled up to Alex, not carrying about the cum all over them both now. Alyssa's cock still buried in Alex's pussy. She brushed her hand through Alex's hair, her fingers brushing one of Alex's ears as she did. "Hmmm... That felt amazing. Though I think you may have enjoyed it more."

Alex giggled and kissed Alyssa's lips lightly before she said "Oh I did." She squeezed Alyssa's cock with muscles she was just now starting to get a sense of. "I absolutely love the way your cock feels inside me."

Alyssa smiled and teased "And who is it that didn't so much as touch my cock the other day?"

Alex shrugged and then rubbed his breasts against Alyssa's, their nipples brushing against each other as hard nubs between softer mounds. "I was a guy then... Now... I'm not exactly that now am I?"

Alyssa giggled again, her breasts bouncing against Alex's when she did. "Mmm... Well it's not like guys can't enjoy cock." She stroked Alex's semi-limp cock "Besides you are not entirely unmanly even if you do have some lovely curves."

Alex laughed and said "Well let me just say, while I didn't run from them. I didn't have any desire for one stuck in my ass or to stick my cock in someone elses. I wasn't gay." Alex's cock got more life in it as Alyssa caressed it with her hand.

Alyssa released Alex's cock and ran her fingers up over one of Alex's breasts. Her fingers collecting cum as they traveled. She raised the fingers to her lips and licked them clean. She smiled at Alex and said "And how about now? Do you want my cock in your ass now...?"

Alex laughed a bit and nipped Alyssa's lips playfully, tasting some of the cum as she did. "I'm still not sure about taking that big cock of yours in my ass. Besides I rather like it where it is." She gave Alyssa's cock a squeeze with the muscles in her pussy.

Alyssa giggled "You have become a little cock slut." Alyssa ran her fingers through the cum covering Alex's breast again. She held it out to Alex and said "Want a taste?" Alex leaned up and sucked the cum off Alyssa's fingers. It tasted somewhat salty, but not what she considered bad. Alyssa smiled "You make such a good girl. Maybe you want to taste it right from the source?"

Alex considered that and said "A few days ago and I would have said no... Even half an hour ago I would have said no... But now I'm more than curious what you taste like and how it would feel in my mouth..."

Alyssa giggled and said "Well now is a great time to find out what we taste like together..." She slid her cock out of Alex's pusy, making a wet popping sound as it left that tight hole. Alex could feel the cum dripping out if her now that the cock was gone. However the lack of the cock in her pussy left a feeling of absence that was annoying and left a deep desire in her. Alyssa shifted onto her knees her big semi-hard cock sticking out covered with a mix of cum and other juices.

Alex licked her lips as she watched the cock, then slowly rose up just enough to reach the cock in front of her. She wrapped her hands around the base and then started to lick the head. The taste was different then either separately. She wasn't sure she could describe it, but she wanted it. Her mouth working over the cock sucking and licking up the combined juices. Alyssa moaned and held Alex's head. "I can see why guys like blowjobs and you don't even have it in your mouth yet."

Alex looked up at her and ran her tongue along the head of Alyssa's cock. "I'm positive I couldn't fit much if anything of your cock in my mouth as much as I might like to right now." She slipped the tip between her lips having to hold her mouth open wide to fit it in. Her tongue caressed it as she slipped it further inside. Alyssa couldn't resist moaning and thrusting her hips forward. Alex choked and had to work very hard not to bite down as she moved her head back further. Alex slipped the cock back out of her mouth and coughed. "See what I mean? I've always had an overactive gag reflex." She licked Alyssa's cock to make up for it.

Alyssa moaned at the licking and said sadly "We will have to work on that. I'll have to teach you how to suck cock sometime."

Alex grinned up at Alyssa and then said "Maybe you will have to show me sometime... For now though, why don't I make it up to you...?" After saying that Alex pushed Alyssa back on the bed.

Alyssa giggled as she fell back on the bed and asked "Oh, what did you have in mind?"

Alex licked his lips and straddled Alyssa's hips. "My pussy is still aching a bit from earlier, but the ache is back and I need your cock to scratch it." Alex parted her labia and guided Alyssa's fat cock back into her well used pussy with a deep moan.

Alyssa moaned to as Alex's tight pussy stretched back out to envelope her cock. "God you really are a little cock slut." She could still feel cum from earlier moving around in Alex's sweet pussy as Alex moved her hips up and down riding Alyssa's hard cock.

Alex moaned "God yes. I love that big monster cock of yours. It goes so deep inside me..." Alex looking down seeing her labia disappear against Alyssa's skin. Proving to herself that she had it all inside her as she rolled her hips back and forth. Enjoying the feel of the cock rubbing against the inside of her pussy.

Alyssa giggled again and ran her hands up over Alex's body to her breasts, squeezing them with Alex's hard nipples biting into her palms. Then she ran her hands back down and grabbed Alex's ass. She started to tease Alex's asshole as she said "We've taken your virgin pussy and your virgin mouth today... It's too bad you don't want to take care of the last first while we are at it."

Alex jumped a bit as Alyssa teased her ass, resting her hips on Alyssa's letting Alyssa's cock fill her. "I don't know..."

Alyssa teased Alex some more as she slipped a finger into Alex's tight ass, which immediately clenched down on the invading digit. "It's too bad, I love a good hard cock in my ass... It feels so good..."

Alex bite her lip and said "Better than your pussy?"

Alyssa shrugged "Sometimes... " She worked her finger in and out more until she could get a second in. "Besides in this position you can decide how deep and how fast you want to go." She slide her other hand up to Alex's breasts and tugged on her nipple, making Alex moan. "Just one condition: You can't say no until you've felt it all the way inside."
