 King Brent hurried through the corridors to his room. So preoccupied by what just happened he did not even notice his oldest son, Blake, try to get his attention. Once in his rooms, with the door closed and a glass of wine in his hand, Brent replayed the events of the last hour in his head. First he watched them have sex in a most unusual way. Then while she was doing this, she put his dick in her mouth. AND ATE HIS SEED! Then she let him fuck her, also in way he never tried before while doing the same thing to her husband. Who were these strangers from afar? Where did they learn these unusual customs? These thoughts and more rolled through his head as he sat there waiting for dinner.

Blake, Crown Prince and Heir Apparent to the throne of Salzia, frowned as he watched his father rush by. At twenty-two, Blake stood a good six feet one inch tall, only an inch shorter than his dad. His body was lean and muscular from his active life. Hunting, riding, and sword training filled his day, as studies in politics, arithmetic, reading, and writing filled his night. He wanted to catch his father before dinner to tell him that Prince Calvin, from the neighboring kingdom of Kaete was here. Blake's sister, Princess Celeste, has been betrothed to Calvin since she was five and he seven. With her turning eighteen a few months ago, Calvin was paying a state visit to finalize the arrangements. The two kingdoms were close, and the royal families already tied by blood. Blake's great-great-great-grandmother was the third daughter of the then King of Kaete. But those ties needed to be refreshed every so often; thus the Celeste and Calvin marriage.

Turning toward the Great Hall, Blake caught sight of the two guests. Meric and Megan, he thought their names were. With her blouse half laced and her hair mused, the red head cut quite a image, while Meric moved with the grace Blake had only seen on master swordsmen, but his build was anything but. As they walked past, talking in low tones to each other, Blake turned his head to follow them. Megan's skirt was sewn tight in the seat, causing the fabric to stretch across her ass. Her smooth stride made her ass sway provocatively as she walked. Blake's eyes could not help but follow. He looked up, straight into her gray eyes. Oh no, she had caught him looking at her ass. He was worrying about what she would tell his parents when he saw her smile at him, then wink as they rounded a corner and vanished from sight. Now what was that about, he thought as he continued towards the Great Hall. He decided to put it out of his mind and worry about it after dinner.

Princess Celeste waited in the library for Prince Calvin. She absently rubbed her right knee. The Master-at-arms caught her brother William a fetching blow during practice this morning and it was still hurting. Their special bond let her to know this.

They had always had this bond. From an early age they could usually tell what the other was thinking and share in strong emotions. Plus they shared some physical feelings as well. Sure made it interesting when William first started sword practice at age seven. But she got even when she turned thirteen and started having her moon flows. Now, at eighteen, the royal twins were long since friends and companions in mischief and mayhem through out the castle. 

As a second son, Prince William was being trained to take his place in their brother's court. Maybe even as Royal Steward, second most powerful noble in the court, when Blake took the throne. If something happened to the current steward, he might assume the role early. As such, he was being trained in diplomacy, politics, etiquette (even beyond what they were all taught), and the several languages of the Innerwaters Sea. 

Celeste, on the other hand, was to make a good marriage to a prince of a near by kingdom to better the relationship of her kingdom and the other. For this she was taught embroidery, sewing, castle management, and other quiet lady-like pastimes; in other words, all the boring stuff. She was lucky in one way; she actually liked the prince chosen for her by her parents. That was more than she could say for her own parents. True, they did love each other. But lately they had been estranged from each other. Her father taking his separate rooms, seeming to bed anything with a skirt and her mother mopping around the castle unaware of what was going on. Though the Queen did seem distracted today. Staring off into space with an odd smile on her face. Or giggling to herself over her embroidery for no apparent reason. What was it with these strangers? She had caught her mom staring at them from a doorway all during breakfast this morning. Maybe she was aware of what her husband was doing and doing a little of it herself. The man, Meric, was good looking, but Celeste liked them dark and muscular, like Calvin.

Celeste looked up as she heard the door open. There he was, the man of her thoughts, the man she was going to marry. He looked good in his rustic red tunic and warm brown breeches. His light brown eyes and soft lips brightened an aristocratic face, framed by his dark hair. That mouth curled into an easy smile causing her heart to beat a little faster; and butterflies to start flutter in her stomach. Another feeling, relatively new, joined them, a warm sensation in the pit of her being. She knew all about what went on between a man and a woman, and she wanted to learn more with the man standing there in front of her right now. She was a Princess, a lady born and bred to respectability and honor. So she would wait until their marriage as was proper. But, ooooohh how she wished she could have it now.

"We have an hour before dinner. What would you like to do?" Calvin asked his soon-to-be bride.

Celeste got up, waked over to him, put her hands on the back of his head, and pulled him into a deep kiss. Kiss was ok, she thought, as long as it stays just kissing. A few moments passed in silence as they made up for lost time apart. Finale they broke for air.

"I can handle doing this for an hour, how about you?" Calvin asked.

For an answer, Celeste pulled him back into another long kiss. It has been too long, he thought; then lost himself in her lips.

Gwen paced in the antechamber off the Great Hall waiting for he husband and kids to arrive so that they may enter the Hall together as was proper. Her maid, Rachael, stood quietly in the corner watching her. Every now and then, Gwen would glance over and once again see Rachael's naked body, writhing in passion between the bodies of Megan and Meric. Then she would blush remembering her own response to the scene.

The sound of the door from the corridor opening brought her to a halt and she turned to see Celeste and Calvin quickly drop each other's hand as they came through the doorway. Celeste walked over to give her mother greetings. She kissed her mother on each check while giving her a brief hug.

"Mother, will Father and the boys be joining us tonight?"

Before Gwen had a chance to answer there was another commotion at the door. Followed by Brent, Blake and William entering with Brent's valet, Michael. Without a word, Brent settled his robes around him, and headed for the door leading into the Great Hall. Gwen walked beside him on his right; Blake fell in behind them, followed by Celeste and William with Calvin bringing up the rear.

The Royal Family and guest walked straight to the Head Table. King Brent and Queen Gwen taking to two throne-like chairs in the middle, Blake on his father's left, with William on his mother's right. Celeste and Calvin sat themselves on the far side of William, leaving the two chairs to Blake's left open. As soon as the King and Queen sat, the rest of the hall sat with the rustle of cloth and scraping of benches. Once everyone was settled servants appeared from side doors laden with trays and platters of food. Pitchers of wine, ale, brandy, and cordial appeared as well. Everyone set to with gusto; dinner conversations started up everywhere but the Head Table. If anyone had paid attention, they would have noticed Queen Gwen constantly glancing in the direction of the traveling couple. With furtive looks toward her maid behind her as well. King Brent, on the other hand, looked exclusively at the woman, Megan. Even the Crown Prince would glance her way some times.

All through dinner, Meric and Megan kept to themselves, talking to others just enough to be polite. After the minimum amount of time passed to allow them to leave politely, they got up and went to their rooms.

Megan walked swiftly through the door followed by her husband. Heading directly to the bags in the corner, she picked one up and went into the bedroom. Once there she opened the bag and began to remove various leather straps with buckles, and odd shaped devices made of wood, ivory, and metal. Some of the straps she fastened to the four corners of the bed frame. Others she left in a pile next to the devices. She then removed two glass vials and set them next to the pile of straps. 

"Well, looks like you have everything ready in here," Meric's voice stated from the doorway. "The only thing left is to get ourselves ready." With that, he headed toward the bathing room and its sunken tub. Soon after drawing the water, Megan joined him.

"So who do you think will show up tonight? Just Rachael, or the Queen too?" Meric ventured, as he soaped his body in preparation for tonight.

"Rachael will be here, no doubt about that. And I believe we have intrigued her Royal Prudeness as well. So she will be back at her peephole too. How are our plans for the Princess and Princes going?"

"I believe those are shaping up nicely. I will let you know more after tonight."

"Good," so saying, Megan got out and began to dry herself off. Meric soon followed. 

"Dinner should be about over right? And another hour and a half before Rachael is done with her duties?" That last part was muffled as Meric drew his shirt over his head.

"I don't know, but I think so."

As a matter of fact, at that moment Queen Gwen was entering her own chambers with Rachael close in attendance. She had left as soon as she was able, gathering up Rachael and leaving the Hall.

"I will be retiring early tonight, Rachael," She said on entering the room. "So help me into my nightdress and you will be free to go."

Gwen studiously ignored the pleased look on her maid's face, knowing how Rachael was going to spend her free night. A flush of guilt and excitement swept through her, because she knew she would be right back at the hidey-hole watching the entire thing. 

She chose the flimsiest nightgown she owned, and decided to forgo the underthings. After Rachael helped her dress and brushed and braided her hair for the night, Gwen climbed into the bed. But as soon as Rachael shut the bedroom door, she was right back up, grabbing a overcoat to cover her nightdress should she come across anyone on her way to the guest quarters. She quietly opened the door and peered out. She was just in time to see Rachael slipping out the other door. Gwen rushed across the sitting room, and once again cracked the door just enough to see. There, about to round the corner was Rachael. Waiting until she was out of sight, Gwen slipped out and started to follow her. 

Look at that little slut, she thought as she hurried to keep up with Rachael but also staying out of sight, she just couldn't wait to get back to them. It is improper! Then she thought about what she was doing this night, and felt her anger go. When they reached the hall with the guestrooms, Gwen did not wait to see if Rachael actually went in, but quickly went down the connecting corridor to the secret door. Because of this she missed Rachael's greeting at the door.

Rachael knocked timidly at the door and waited nervously for someone to answer. She had a lie ready to tell if anyone came down here and seen her. Luckily she would not need it for at that moment Meric opened the door and gestured her in.

"Go on into the bedroom Rachael, Megan is waiting." After saying this he tuned to head out of the still open door.

"M'lord, you will not be joining us tonight?" Rachael asked with a note of regret in her voice.

"No, my dear, I have other plans." He went out and closed the door, stopping any reply Rachael might have made.

With nervous anticipation, Rachael went through the door into the bedroom. There she found Megan waiting wearing a simple sheer robe. At her side a table was setup, with most of the 'tools of the trade' that had fallen out of the bag yesterday morning arrayed across it.

"Ah, Rachael. Just in time for our little fun to begin." Megan greeted her, walking over to kiss. And not a just a peck on the cheek, but a deep, tongue twining kiss that heighten Rachael's passion. After a few moments Megan broke the kiss to speak.

"Lets get you out of these cloths and onto the bed."

With Megan's help, Rachael was soon naked and on her back on the bed. Then Megan, starting at one corner, brought out the straps she had placed there earlier and secured Rachael's arms and legs to the bed frame. After she was finished, Rachael was lying spread-eagle on the bed with very little room to move.

"W-What are you doing, m'lady?" Her voice trembled with a touch of fear.

"Now don't worry your pretty little head. Nothing I do will hurt you. I promise. Now to get things started right." She picked up a blue vial from the table, removed the top, and with precise care placed one drop on each of Rachael's now hard nipples. Using her free hand, Megan spread Rachael's pussy lips to expose her clit. She carefully dribbled three drops onto it, letting them run down Rachael's slit to pool in her hole.

"We will just let that begin to work while I explain what these other things are for." She picked up one of the tools off the table. It was about seven inches long, maybe as much as three inches around and looked to be carved from a block of ivory. One end was a little fatter than the rest of it, and as Megan brought it closer, Rachael saw it had other bumps and bulges carved on it. Rachael soon realized that it looked a lot like a man's dick, with a swelled head and veins carved on it.

"We called this a 'tool of the trade' yesterday. We also call them toys. But where we are from they are named dildos and are used to by a woman who does not have a man or does not want a man at the moment. And tonight, you lucky girl, I am going to use all of them one you."

Rachael's eyes widened a bit with that last part, for on of the dildos was so big she doubted she would be able to wrap her hand completely around it.

"Now, how is that oil working, hem? Starting to feel the tingles yet?" Megan chuckled a little.

Now that she had said something, Rachael began to feel the fore-mentioned tingles. Once she turned her mind to them they seemed to double in intensity. She so wanted to rub her thighs together to possible stimulate her clit, but the straps prevented this. She closed her eyes, threw her head back, and moaned in frustration. Then something shockingly cold touched her clit. Her eyes snapped open to see Megan beginning to run the head of the ivory dildo up and down her slit, spreading the tingling oil further around her pussy lips. Using a circular motion, Megan began to press down harder over Rachael's swollen clit. A little harder and a little faster she moved the dildo. Then sensing Rachael on the brink of release, she backed off, leaned down and blew cold air over her entire pussy. 

The sudden stop of stimuli caused Rachael to slowly fall back from the brink. When she was calmer, Megan returned the dildo to her pussy. This time Megan inserted just the head of it into her, pushing the ever-present oil inside her as well. That maddening tingle spread slowly along her inner walls, as Megan pushed more and more of the dildo into her. Megan set up a slow and steady rhythm. Not enough to let Rachael climax, but more than enough to cause her passions to build.

All this time, Queen Gwen had watched from the secret passageway. She had let her overcoat slip off her shoulders and onto the floor. Whether it was the slight chill in the air, or her own building excitement, her nipples were hard and pressing against the silk fabric of her gown. Her hand was already in her crotch rubbing her clit through the near transparent cloth. The silk felt good on her clit and the more she played the wetter the silk got. The wetter it got the rougher it became and the better it felt on her clit. Between the rough cloth and the scene in front of her, she fast approached her first orgasm. A few more moments of her hand movements brought her to her climax. She shuddered her way through it and then once again turned her attention to the room on the other side of the wall. She now heard Megan's voice...

"So, do you want to cum, my little slut?" Megan asked while continuing to move the dildo in and out of Rachael's sopping wet pussy.

"Yes!" Rachael moaned.

"What will you do for me if I make you cum, huh? What's in it for me?" 

"I'll do anything you want, anything you command, just let me cum please!"

"I will hold you to that." Megan's head swooped down and fastened her mouth over Rachael's sensitive clit. With furious licks, and harder strokes of the dildo, Megan brought Rachael to the brink, and over it. Megan never slowed down as Rachael screamed her way through the first of many orgasms.

"That was nice," Megan murmured as she removed the dildo, licked it clean, and replaced it on the table. She picked up the smallest one there, a metal one only three inches long but just as thick as the ivory one. "Now for this one." 

Megan uncapped the green vial sitting next to the blue one containing the oil. Inside was a clear, thick liquid. Megan scooped up a dollop with two fingers, and began to spread it evenly over the metal dildo. Once it was thoroughly coated, she set it back on the table, and moved over to the bed. From off the floor she got one of the pillows that they use to sleep with. With unusual strength in a woman, Megan lifted Rachael's ass and placed the pillow under her, causing her private area to stick further up in the air.

She then grabbed the dildo off the table and settled her self in between Rachael's out stretched legs. With the gel still on her fingers, she started playing with Rachael's asshole, spreading the gel around and even it and even inside it. She then brought the dildo up and slowly inserted it into Rachael's tight ass. With slow smooth strokes Megan worked the dildo all round her rear walls, stretching them out little by little. She then moved her head up a little ways to begin licking her clit, helping speed up the relaxing process. Soon the dildo was gliding from tip to hilt without any problems. With a forceful stroke, Megan left it buried in Rachael's ass. She got up and went back to the table. She reached into the pile of leather straps and came up with what looked like two identical straps. When she returned to the bed, Rachael's writhing had managed to push half the dildo out of her ass. With sure fingers Megan attached the strap to the dildo, and wrapped them around Rachael's thighs, now, no mater how she moved, Rachael was unable to force the fake dick out. Megan again approached the table.

Gwen watched in fascination as Megan began to buckle and fasten leather straps around her own crotch. Then she picked up another of the metal dildos off the table, and with some trick Gwen could not see, attached it to the straps around her hips. When she was done she stood there for a moment; it now looked as if Megan had grown a metal dick of her own. She reached for the green vial and spread more of the gel on the new dildo. With an evil grin on her face she returned to the bed where Rachael lie helpless and at her mercy.
