 Meric woke to his wife's hand on his dick. Her delicate fingers were lightly stroking the underside of his semi-erect cock. His eyes drifted open. Megan's dark red hair spilled across his chest. 

"Mmm, Didn't you get enough last night?" he asked.

"I only got it once, remember?" She lifted her head and her gray eyes flashed. "That lustful little thing got most of it. I want more."

"And tonight is not going to be enough for you?" He already knew the answer but had to ask the question anyway.

"No" 

So saying she moved down his body, her warm talented mouth soon bringing him to full attention. After administering a wake up kiss to his dick, she rolled off of him and onto her knees. She thrust her ass in the air and wrapped her arms around a pillow, burying her face into it.

"Come on, big boy... Come please your woman." Her ass wiggled saucily as she said this. 

Meric got onto his knees behind her, grabbed her hips and, without seeming to aim, thrust himself balls deep into her already wet pussy. By the Gods! he thought, as he sank into her slick, silky canal, I love my ever-horny wife. 

Holding her hips, he started to rock, sliding his cock back and forth. He noticed her arms stretching above her head, placing her hands flat against the headboard. Bracing herself, Megan started to push back, trying to get as much of her husband's dick in her as possible. They rocked in unison for a few minutes, Megan experiencing a mild climax in the process. Then Meric pulled out and rolled her over onto her back. He placed her feet flat against his collarbone, his hands behind her knees, and leaned forward a little so that he was driving downward into her. Pushing down on her body, he started her bouncing on the bed, causing her pussy to slide on and off his dick with little movement on his part. Once he got her into a steady rhythm he started to move his hips. Down as she came up, up as she went down. This caused the head of his cock to rub against her special spot. Also caused him to bury his dick as far as it would go, then withdraw it to the very tip of the head. These long, powerful strokes brought Megan to release quickly. One after the other, her orgasms broke upon her, leaving her shuddering and breathless. Then she felt his dick start to swell and begin to throb. Hard and deep he drove his cock into her, then with an extra hard slam, he buried it deep. She felt it pulse as his seed spewed out, coating her inner walls. 

After he stopped twitching he rolled off her onto his side of the bed. She put her legs down and stretched. Rolling over, she kissed him on the forehead.

"Now that was a wake up call, honey. I am going to go clean up, want to join me?" With that she got out of bed and headed to the bathing room.

Feeling refreshed and wide-awake after that vigorous fucking and the bath, Megan followed Meric into the dining hall. Breakfast was laid out buffet style along the wall, then sit wherever you like at the long tables. No jugglers or minstrels this morning, only servants, visiting nobility and the King were present. There was no standing on rank for this meal just sit, eat, then go on about your day.

Megan grabbed some ham, bread, a hunk of cheese and a goblet of ale, then sat down next to Meric to eat. Right as they finished their food, and drank the last drop in their glasses, a servant tapped them on the shoulder.

"His Majesty requests your presence at the head table." 

Wiping their mouths and dusting off their hands, Megan and Meric followed the servant to the throne-like chairs positioned in the center of the head table.

King Brent leaned back in his chair as he watched the couple approach. Such lovely red hair, he mused, and a body to match. Wonder if she would go for a tumble between the royal sheets. Probably not, he decided after seeing her lay her head on her husband's shoulder, what a shame. Megan felt his eyes on her and grinned to herself.

"My wife tells me you have traveled far from your homeland," Brent asked as they bowed before him. "Is this true?" 

"Yes, your Majesty," Meric replied.

"You must be weary of the road then. Why don't you stay a few days before resuming your journey?"

"Your Majesty is too kind" Megan curtsied with her eyes demurely on the floor. "But we really must continue onward."

"Nonsense, stay... wash the dust from yourselves and relax for a few days, I insist." Brent stood up and settled the robe of office around him. "Now that that is settled, I have other business to attend to. Please make yourself at home. You are free to go where you wish about the castle." With that, strolled off with his Steward at his shoulder.

"Well," Meric asked. "Shall we explore?"

"Oh lets," Megan replied in a husky voice.

Later in the afternoon Megan and Meric walked arm in arm through the garden maze. It was really quite lovely, with head high hedges forming a simple but elegant maze and mini-streams crisscrossing the pathways. Small alcoves containing low benches were scattered through out the garden. The streams collected into a pool in the center of the maze, with a gazebo built up in the middle. The water was clear and cool as the couple strolled across one of the four bridges connected to the tiny island.

"This is beautiful," Megan exclaimed. Meric just patted her arm and they continued on. "Oh, look at this." She tugged on his hand leading him to one of the alcoves hidden among the hedges. It had vines artistically hung to act as a curtain, between them and the twists of the pathway; it offered some mediocre privacy. Inside was a low padded bench straddling one of the smaller streams, allowing one to sit and soak their feet in the cool waters.

Megan pulled Meric inside and sat on the bench. It was low enough to place her face level with his crotch, maybe a little lower. Looking up at him, she got a mischievous look in her eye and an evil grin on her face. Tilting her head forward, she opened her mouth and nibbled on the lump in his breeches. 

"Not again!?" Meric growled in mock anger. "You are insatiable."

"That's why you love me" By this time the lump had grown larger. His cock was now clearly outlined by the thin cloth of his breeches. Megan reached up and undid the points of his trousers and forced them down to his ankles. He cock was hard and proud, bobbing before her. It curved slightly toward the sky as she gazed lustfully upon it. 

With the tip of her tongue she lightly traced the large vein on the underside of his dick. From his cock head to his balls, she ran her tongue, leaving a shiny trail in its wake. Her hand came up to grasp the base as she swallowed half of it in one gulp. Sucking as she came up, tongue twirling as she went down, Megan settled in for the fun.

King Brent wandered absently through the garden. His morning business had been quickly taken care of and he was deciding whether to go out riding, or organize a hunt. In the back of his mind was the thought of tonight's enjoyment as well. Should he corner that lady-in-waiting from last night? Or try his luck with this fiery stranger from afar? He would rather have his estranged wife, but that had just gotten too boring. That lady-in-waiting had been fun, even if she had just lay there. At least her and the two maids before her were something new, something different. If only he could find excitement in his wife again.

As he was about to round a corner, something caught his eye and made him stop. There, just ahead of him, was movement. And now that he had stopped he heard sounds coming from the same area. He moved forward slowly and silently, as if he was stalking a deer. Some trick of the pathway allowed him to get right outside the vine curtain without being seen. The scene in the alcove resolved itself for him... why it was that redhead, naked, bouncing on her husband as if he were a horse. A closer look showed him what they were doing. She was riding his cock, and enjoying it from the look of things. He felt a stirring in his loins as he watched her breasts bounce with her strenuous movement. He reached down to rub his growing cock, watching this lovely vision impale herself on her husband's pole. With quick movements he freed his raging hard-on and began to lightly stroke it. He stroked faster when she got up, turned around, and positioned herself facing away from Meric's head. With a forceful thrust, she once again buried his dick back into her needy hole, and resumed her furious pounding.

During this time, unbeknownst to him, Brent had drifted closer to the couple. Closer than he intended. Close enough to touch. He was startled when a hand other than his own grabbed his dick and tugged him forward. Caught off guard, he had no choice but to move the few steps into the alcove. Brent almost cried out when something warm and wet engulfed his dick. He looked down and he could see her red hair flying and her ass still moving as she started working on both of them. The sensation was intense. He had never felt anything like it before in his life. One of her hands came up to play with his nuts while the other grasped the base of his dick and started to move with her mouth. With unusual swiftness he felt the tingling in his nuts. He opened his mouth to warn her, but was too late. At just the right time Megan removed her mouth but continued her hand movements, milking he cock. With a powerful blast, Brent spent his seed on her face and chest. At the same time, Meric let out a groan signaling his own release. Brent watched as Megan's eyes rolled back in her head and her body quiver its way through an orgasm.

When the shivering stopped, Megan looked up at Brent. One hand came up to her face and started to wipe up his cum. With a satisfied look, she popped her sticky fingers into her mouth.

"MMMMM," she moaned, sucking them clean. "Sire Seed... tasty."

Her other hand never stopped working his dick, as she quickly cleaned off her chin, neck and tits of his spent seed. Brent was surprised to find himself hard again after only a few minutes of her administrations. He almost cried when she quit, but he saw Meric get up, and watched Megan crawl onto the bench toward him. Her upturned ass wiggled with her movements, drawing his eye to her red-rimed pussy peaking out from between her thighs. His eyes widened when she took Meric's dick into her mouth, even though it was covered in her pussy juice and cum. The only sounds in the alcove were the slurping noises she made on Meric's dick. Then she stopped, looked over her shoulder and said.

"Well, don't you want to fuck me?" She then turned back to what she was doing. 

Brent moved over to her, straddling the low bench she was kneeling on. Taking his cock in hand, he positioned himself at her opening. With one smooth motion he sank in to the hilt. 

When Megan felt his balls slap her clit she reached and grasped the edge of the bench. Then she started to rock, sliding her pussy backward onto the royal cock, then forward to force Meric's down her throat. Back and forth she worked her body, loving every minute of it... only one thing was missing. Bracing herself on one hand, she slid the other between her legs and started playing with her clit and the king's balls. 

The three stay like this almost half an hour. Never saying a word, just moaning and grunting their pleasure. Megan experienced several climaxes during this time. Then, as if they had rehearsed it, Meric grabbed her head and Brent her hips and both men began to thrust harder into her. Megan felt the royal cock begin to throb as the king's grunts grew louder and more forceful. 

Brent was in heaven; he had never felt such a warm, wet, talented pussy. Megan seemed to milk his cock with the walls of her love canal. Her muscles pulsed around his dick with every stroke. Once again he felt that tingling sensation in his balls. This time he did not stop, but pounded his way through his second orgasm of the hour. 

The feel of Brent's cum coating her inner walls sent Megan into the biggest orgasm of the day. Wave after wave of pleasure rolled through her body. Her moans of ecstasy caused Meric to lose his own control and he began to spew his cum straight down his wife's throat. The three moaned and groaned, shook and shivered through their release. 

Gasping for breath, Brent stood there on trembling knees until his shriveling dick popped out of her hole. He then watched his own seed bubble out and dribble down her pussy lips to land on the padding below. Realizing where he was Brent hurriedly did up his breeches and all but ran from the alcove.

"Well, that went better than expected. Except for the end. Why do you think he ran away?" At this time Megan was re-lacing her blouse while Meric refastened his breeches.

"I don't know," Meric answered as he adjusted his shirt. "But our plan is going great so far."