 She fingered the knife hidden in her sleeve for comfort. Surely she would have to use it before this night was through.

The people she had been brought in with had already begun to disperse. The stronger ones with a swagger went off to find a space for themselves, others breaking off into pairs or small groups for safety. She had no one, though, and had made no friends on the transport.

She eyed the room warily and considered her options. Standing here at the entrance, she posed too tempting a target and she would have to select some unoccupied corner soon. She bit her lip and attempted to marshal her courage. Surely she could handle whatever happened next, surely it could not be worse than what had happened to her already.

The very large room was divided into sections using makeshift tents out of large swaths of cloth draped over ropes, cardboard and other materials. Some people still peered at her from when she and the rest of her transport had been brought in, but most had turned back to what they were doing. She heard the low murmur of voices, rustle of bodies and other, more animalistic sounds deeper in the shadows. Several groups were huddled around small fires, cooking that things that made her stomach grumble despite its foul smell.

She eyed an empty space between two tents and hesitantly stepped toward there, holding her head up high to warn off anyone who might think to attack her. Whatever happened later, for now she had her strength, her dignity and her knife.

She turned her back to the cold stone wall and sank to the ground, grateful not to support her wobbling knees, but still she held her head high, eyes watchful. The noises around the camps died down and her stomach growled insistently, but with nowhere to go and nothing to eat, she began to doze off. 

She was awakened by the jarring sound of laughter and jeering from across the way. She peered around a nearby tent to see 4 men circling a boy. The boy looked to be about 8 years old, and the fear on his face was evident. The men taunted and jabbed him, but didn't pounce, content to play for now. The leers on their faces and their crude, suggestive comments made it clear what their plans were for the boy.

She looked around at the nearby camps to see if anyone was going to intervene. Many people had already retreated into their tents and didn't emerge to watch the happenings. Those that were still out went on with their business, only looking over to ascertain their own safety before ignoring the boy's plight.

She gripped her knife tighter and crouched, uncertain. Perhaps she was too new here; she could not comprehend leaving the boy to his fate with these men. But then, she could not hope to protect him against those 4 men, even with her knife. If she tried, she would only end up brutalized by them as well. 

She considered attempting to barter herself for the boy, but she knew that most likely they would take they wanted, her and the boy, if not now then soon anyways. She noticed one who had been watching the group of men from the beginning. He lounged on a crate in front of a tent that was probably his dwelling. His eyes were so dark as to appear black and his face gave away nothing. He made no move towards the group, either to join in or to stop them, just watched steadily.

He was tall and large, and his muscled torso was evident through his dirty, ripped shirt. Something in the set of his jaw and the glint of his eyes warned her that he was extremely dangerous, beyond his brute strength. The men who circled the boy were much thinner, emaciated even. They did not appear to have much fighting skill, relying more on their strength in numbers.

In just a minute she sized up the situation and came to a decision. She walked over to the man on the crate. As she approached and came to stand in front of him, he did not move from his relaxed slouch on the crate, but he did look away from the scene up to her eyes.

She took a breath and said, "Sir, you see that boy is in trouble. I would help him, but I know that I cannot win. I believe that you might be able to."

She paused here, but he said nothing, his black eyes unfathomable.

She continued, "If you would be willing to save him, I would be most grateful..." and she let her statement hang, unable to continue.

With slow deliberate motions he stood up in front of her. She was intimidated by his size and strength and could hear the taunting and scuffling continuing behind her, but she stood tall and looked straight into his eyes.

He said nothing but reached out his hand toward her, slowly, as if to give her time to back away. She remained. He pushed aside her cloak and cupped her breast through her tunic. He squeezed lightly and brushed his thumb across her nipple. He slightly tilted his head and she caught the question.

"Yes," she confirmed, despite her shaking voice. "I will bed you if you save the boy."

He continued looking into her eyes as he let his hand drop. Then he nodded and brushed past her towards the group. 

She turned and hurried towards him, eager to help so that they might succeed. After all, he was still outnumbered and she had her knife. They didn't notice his approach and he grabbed one man unawares from behind, spun him around and punched him straight in the face. He went down. The man next to him yelled out and swung, but he was punched in the stomach and the kneed in the face, and fell beside his friend.

The last two men turned the full force of their fury on the black-eyed man. Her own courage faltered in the face of the crazed fury in their eyes. She stood only a half step behind the man, but he didn't even notice her. Instead, as the two men charged at him, he charged back and met them in a melee of fists and cracking bones.

When the fight was over, the black-eyed man stood in the center, feet apart, fists down, breathing harshly. His gaze flickered around the room and anyone who was still out either went inside a tent or looked away. The boy was cowering nearby and she went to comfort him. She knelt beside him and whispered, "Come with me and I will try to keep you safe." The boy looked into her eyes and nodded.

The man glanced at her and then walked back over to his dwelling, leaving the broken bodies on the ground. He didn't gesture for her to follow, but she did, pulling the boy along behind her. When he reached the flap he lifted it and she and the boy rushed inside. 

Inside it was very dark and she could see partitions separating this room at the entrance from a darker space further in. The man gestured towards a bowl that contained dark pieces, of food, she supposed, and then ducked into the furthest room. She handed the bowl over to the boy, sitting him down in a corner and asking him to stay there, eat and rest.

She followed the man into the back room and found him lounging on some furs and blankets, fully dressed. She pulled the sheet divider across the rope to fully separate the rooms. She sucked in a deep breath and removed her cloak.

She could do this. She knew how to please a man, even if she had only done it with one man before. He had certainly earned it, taking on those men like that, and this was their bargain.

She felt his eyes on her as she removed unlaced her tunic and let it fall, baring her breasts, and then pushing it down over her waist and the floor. Her nervousness hit her full force and she stood naked for his perusal, while lay completely clothed. She hadn't ever seduced a man like this, wasn't sure what to do next. She knelt in front of him, and he reached for her then.

His large, strong hands reached out to both her breasts, cupping them, weighing them. His thumbs circled the nipples, pressing them in, then pinching them so lightly between his thumb and forefinger and pulling. She wasn't sure where to look, but his eyes were intent on her breasts. 

His left hand left her breast and trailed down her stomach and cupped her mound. He pushed lightly on the inside of her knee and she spread her knees apart. He ran his finger through her folds and up to her nub, causing a zing of heat.

Tugging her hand, he urged her to switch placed with him, so that she was reclined on the blankets and he kneeling before he. He undid the placket of his pants and his cock, already hard and long, sprang free. She could already smell the musky scent of his arousal and her own body preparing itself.

She leaned up and tentatively touched his cock. She did not need to be a solely passive player in this, she could bring him pleasure with her hands and her mouth. But as she started to lean her face towards his crotch, he gave a small shake of his head and pushed her back gently. She obeyed, laying back fully, her legs spread open in front of him. 

He pushed a finger, then two inside her. She felt the pinch of the invasion, but had some moisture gathered to make the way easier. Then he positioned his cock at her entrance and pushed the head inside. The sucked in a breath and attempted to remain still. Her body felt full and stretched already. But he just rocked there for a minute and pressed his finger to her nub. She felt her hips roll up minutely, almost involuntarily, and he pushed a couple inches deeper. He continued this slow invasion until his cock was inside her to the hilt.

Then he reared back and entered again, still slowly. She felt the slide of his cock, the tickle of his pubic hair as it met her entrance and the pressure on her nub as he rocked forward. His face grew tight and his breathing grew deeper as he thrust faster and harder.

He had been looking down at where they joined but his gaze slid up to her eyes and then quickly away. He looked at breasts and leaned down to suckle one briefly.

Then he closed his eyes and fuck her in earnest, pushing her body further up in the blankets with each thrust. His movements grew jerky and he pushed deep, causing a twinge of discomfort for her, and shuddered as he came. He pressed down on her body with his for just a moment before he slipped out of her and rolled to the side. 

He kept his eyes clothes as his breathing steadied, and she wondered if he had fallen asleep and whether she should move. He peeked one eye open at her, then reached for a fur behind him and handed it to her. Then he rolled over and went to sleep. Figuring this was as good an invitation as she would get, and as safe a spot for her to spend the night as she would fine, she decided to stay. She stepped out to check on the boy but he had already curled up asleep in the corner. She covered him with the fur and then went back inside the room, lay down next to the man and fell asleep.