 Alex did get even with Alyssa and had a chance to try out all her 'holes' as well. All is fair in love and war after all. Alex was also serious about being more than a little bit sore, though whether it was the transformation itself or maybe just natural desire, not more than a day and a half passed before she wanted Alyssa to stuff her full again. That however isn't the end of Alex & Alyssa's journey and while they were certainly in their 'honeymoon' phase, it wasn't all about sex.

Alex may have said that she was a woman now, having been a man didn't really prepare her for this life. They did eventually need to leave Alyssa's apartment in the zone. There were also more than a few issues...

Alex snuggled up against Alyssa. As far as she was concerned this was just about the best way to wake up in the morning... Well outside of that one time she'd woken up because Alyssa was in a 'playful' mood in the morning. Right about then is when when Alex felt more than a bit uncomfortable and not because of the lovely company. No, instead Alex had a pain in what at first she took to be her stomach. 

She not so comfortably rolled out of bed and entered the bathroom. While going to the bathroom she thought about where exactly the pain was coming from and then suddenly realized where it was. I mean it should make sense, she hadn't even had a 'vagina' to be all technical until a few days ago. In fact while out cold for a good part of that, based on Alyssa's guess she had only had it for maybe a week now. That she was having what felt a heck of a lot like stomach cramps there was something it was going to take a bit to get used to.

Then she started to panic a bit... I mean completely new event and all. Why wouldn't someone panic a bit? So... Maybe it was an infection? Vaginal infections weren't uncommon, though shouldn't that feel different? Probably, so what then? Maybe all that sex with Alyssa had caused some sort of damage? I mean Alyssa did have a cock male porn stars would be proud of, and it was 'new'... Maybe it had done something? Alex decided there really was only one option the closest thing she had to an expert was Alyssa. So she'd have to wake her sexy demoness up and just ask. Worst case Alex may need help anyways, so...

Alex headed back out to the bed and climbed back on it before sitting on her knees and shacking Alyssa's arm. Her arm being about the only thing currently not covered by the blanket. Well outside her head, a shoulder, and a sexy bit of exposed breast. Alyssa didn't even open her eyes she just mumbled "Wha...? Why are you shaking my arm, you know loads better ways of waking me up than that..."

Alex started babbling a bit "I woke up and I had this pain... At first I thought it was something I ate and I got a stomach cramp... Then I realized it was a cramp 'there'... You know in my vagina... I've never had a cramp there... I have no clue what the hell that is about..." Ok. So it was probably less coherent than that, but that was effectively what managed to spill out from her lips.

Alyssa's reaction though was one Alex had not expected. She laughed. Probably a tad more than Alex would have preferred at the moment. When Alyssa got control of herself again she crawled a bit up out of bed and kissed Alex's cheek. "Sweetie. I think you are having your period. For most of us that does come with the occasional cramp or two you know. As well as lots of other fun stuff like bloating, swollen sensitive breasts... You know all the fun stuff."

Alex's mind went blank. Which is again probably understandable from her experience of being a woman for all of a couple days now. Nearly forty years of being a man did not really prepare someone for that kind of thing. Finally she stammered out "My period?"

Alyssa laughed again and pulled Alex down on top of her as she wrapped her arms around her lithe frame. "Yes. You know that thing that most women start getting during puberty and endure for the rest of their lives? I've been having mine since I was around twelve. In fact mine should be around this time I think... It's gotten a little more erratic since I can't take birth control pills anymore, no real access around here. Not exactly a priority in the zone."

Alex managed to reply with "My Period? But I'm a..." Which is right about when she stopped.

Alyssa couldn't help giggling again. "I thought you had stopped thinking of yourself that way the other day when I first stuffed that cute little pussy of yours full of cock..." She couldn't help teasing Alex but running one hand down and tracing it along her labia teasingly.

Alex shivered lightly at the touch there of all places right now. Alex nodded with a sigh "I did... and I do... It's just... Well old habits? And with that cramping I'm probably not thinking straight..."

Alyssa nuzzled Alex's cheek with hers and said "This may put a crimp on our sex lives though unless we figure out a way to... mmm... Do things safer? It's not like either of us even thought about protection that first couple times, not that I even have any here." She giggled and added "You could have already knocked me up more than a few times..."

Alex mind went blank again there as well. I mean that was always sort of a concern. Though Alex's experience all pretty much went back to one woman, his ex-fiance, and she had been on long term birth control the entire time they they were together. So birth control was sort of a foreign concept. That is to say she knew clinally about it, but since she had no interest in getting things 'snipped' and the only other male birth control being less than usual... Oh and the whole 'no sex in a few years' thing. Yeah, that lead to a solid understanding of modern contraceptives.

Alyssa laughed at the expression on Alex's face. "It's not just me either dear. Having a period is a pretty solid sign that your 'plumbing' works as intended dear. I may have to stop stuffing that tight little pussy of yours full of hard cock, you sexy wench." Alyssa added a playful swat on Alex's naked ass with her words.

Now that Alex did care a good bit about. She had grown awfully used to that feeling in the past few days. That wasn't to say she didn't love to 'give' as well, but she rather wanted both in her sex life now. Often and in lots of different ways. About the only thing Alex wasn't hooked on was anal sex. Yes she enjoyed it, but something just always felt 'off'. What was more strange and she hadn't mentioned yet was that when she had Alyssa's cock stuffed deep inside her pussy was when she thought that a cock in her ass would make things that much better.

Alex leaned down and kissed Alyssa. When she broke off the kiss she said "Yes... we need to avoid that. I'm so not going without being stuffed full of your cock..."

Alyssa smirked and replied "Well I could always stuff that sexy ass of yours..."

Alex swatted Alyssa playfully and rolled her eyes "What is it with you and my ass? Besides, I have let you have my ass more than a few times. Though I so wish we had some lube for that last time, I don't care if you have seen spit used before as lube in porn."

Alyssa laughed again and said "Well not really a market for that here... The zone has like a grocery store and that's about it." She shrugged "So we'd need to get out for that... That's easier said than done for me. Not many purple skinned girls with horns outside the zone."

Alex bite her lip. "Well if the answer is outside... I may be able to go out. You did grab my stuff after I passed out. So my wallet and my work badge for the zone should all still be fine. Though since I like just about nothing like my ID, I'm going to have to avoid showing it to anyone. I also have absolutely no clothes to wear. I'll also need to figure out a way to hide my ears."

Alyssa grinned a bit mischievously "Well you could wear my clothes... I'd love to play dress up with you. We have spent much too much time naked lately."

Alex frowned "I have a sinking feeling that throwing on the first pair of pants and a shirt that I come across in my dresser is so not what you are thinking."

Alyssa laughed and said "Mmm... no..." She caressed Alex's body teasingly "I so can't understand why you wouldn't want to show off these sexy curves of yours. A sexy little mini-skirt just long enough to cover your cock maybe and a top that accents your nice firm tits and shows off your tight belly."

Alex had some rather mixed reactions to that. The thought of wearing a skirt, and more so a mini-skirt felt so completely foreign. However another part of him certain did want to look sexy as hell and make men and women enjoy how she looked.

Alyssa, of course, couldn't know of this internal debate Alex was having, and continued "Though thankfully neither of us really needs makeup... After hearing about your clothing habits I shudder to think what I'd have to go through to teach you how to apply makeup." She ran her fingers along Alex's thighs and said "I may need to teach you how to shave your legs in a day or two though. You didn't luck out on the hairless silky smooth skin on your legs I got. Though your hair almost feels like some sort of soft fur..." She leaned in and kissed Alex. "You are my sexy little kitten in more ways than you might think."

Alex had always been a sucker for a kiss. Something about kissing set off all sorts of arousal signals in her brain. She had to try very hard to not get distracted. "So... Are we doing this? It sounds like I certainly need your help getting dressed..."

Alyssa sighed "Ok, I'll get out of bed and help..." Alyssa pushed Alex lightly off of her as she slide out of bed and walked over to a set of dressers against the wall. 

Alex couldn't help, but watch Alyssa's swaying ass as she walked and bite her lip. However Alex did follow after Alyssa to stand next to her as she dug around in what looked to be a drawer full of panties. What Alex knew of panties could fit in a thimble.

Alyssa said "We are skipping bras, because frankly sweetie I'm like twice as big as you are. I may find yours incredibly sexy, but when it comes to bras ones that are twice the size you need isn't going to do you much good. So panties... Try these ones on." She handed over a pair of panties to Alex.

Alex took them and looked at them oddly for a moment trying to figure out which way to even put them on. Then she stepped into them and slid them up over her hips. It felt so odd to Alex and she squirmed after putting them on, it really didn't help that her cock was brushing teasingly against her pussy lips. Of course it also brushed against her tail in the back, making it flick around trying to get it comfortable.

Alyssa on the other hand was the one seeing a sight that made her heart beat faster. She had handed Alex a pair of cheeky panties to try on first and it had certainly been a good choice. Alex's firm sexy ass cheeks were peeking out from the panties and capped by her playful tail. The bulge in the front caused by her cock caused completely different flutters in her belly. Watching Alex squirm in them was giving her a very wide variety of thoughts. "God, those look so sexy on you... It makes me want to take them back off you... Though with my teeth."

Alex blushed and said "Are you sure? My tail seems odd with the waistband and my cock keeps pressing into my labia when I move..."

Alyssa slapped Alex's tempting ass. "God you have no clue what you look like do you?" She reached up and cupped Alex's breast "If these cute tits of yours were pierced I certainly wouldn't be able to resist. But then you'd never leave this room.." She pinched the nipple under her fingers.

Alex replied "How about we play then...?" Somewhere along the line the cramping had toned itself down and she was almost back to her normal horny morning self. She licked her lips as she looked over Alyssa's naked form.

Alyssa swatted Alex "You look like such a slut saying that. Anyways we'd never get you out of this room at that rate. Now lets keep going." She took Alex's hand and lead her off to the closet. With some work she got Alex into a black leather mini-skirt that came down to about mid-thigh with a belt, since they wanted to make sure it still firmly covering the bulge in her panties. The also taped her tail to the inside of the skirt, it was about the only thing they could think of. Up top she got a dark blue tank top which exposed her midriff and exposed her cleavage a good bit as it was slightly too large for her.. Luckily they were within a couple inches of each other in height and their hips were roughly the same width so pants and panties would fit pretty well.

Alyssa gave Alex a once over and declared "For what we have to work with very hot. Though not slutty. Now we just need something for the ears." She tapped her index finger against her lip. Looking around she finally pulled out a scarf and tied it around Alex's head. "I really wish we could do more about your hair anyways, so win win with this I think." Alyssa looked Alex over and said "If only we could get your hair done... Those adorable little ears of yours pierced... Then those sexy ass nipples of yours pierced..." She ran her hand over Alex's belly "Maybe even your belly pierced. You do have one sexy belly now."

Alex poked Alyssa in the bare breast "I'd love to get my hair styled. I had let it grow out so It is about as long as most short hairstyles for women. Just it would give my ears away in a heartbeat. I know your nipple piercings are hot, but you need to stop wanting me to stick things in my nipples. " She cupped her hands over her breasts almost protectively.

Alyssa teased "Don't mine look super hot though? And they feel so good when you tug on them... Well once they healed." She sighed and said "As for the hair. Yes... Heck even the piercings don't really work except your nipples."

Alex did agree that the idea did have a certain appeal. His nipples were easily two maybe even three times as sensitive as they had been. They were also puffier and came out further. Shrugging she said "I should go. I'll be back later sexy. Don't get into to much trouble without me."

Alyssa laughed and drew Alex into a hug before giving her a deep kiss. "Never too much without you." When they parted Alex headed out. 

The work badge got her through the barriers and security. Outside her car was still in the lot and as long as she didn't get pulled over driving should be fine. Besides the city sucked for walking, mass transit was largely a pipe dream in the city.

Her first stop was her apartment. It would be paid up until the end of the month, but the chances she could get paid were next to nil. So anything she wanted she had to grab now. Outside t-shirts nothing in the way of clothing she owned would ever fit now, so they were left behind. She did grab her computers though, some camera gear, and a camcorder. She had seriously wanted to record the first time Alyssa had fucked all her holes. Just the thought of it turned her on. Being able to see it again would be great. Besides she was pretty sure somewhere deep inside she had an exhibitionist streak.

Looking around Alex didn't see anything else worth taking and didn't see anything outside a few bits of food that didn't spoil. So she took her stuff down to her car and loaded it up. When she was done she headed to an ATM and withdrew all the money possible from her account. She couldn't close it, since that would require ID. Eventually without a way to put money in the bank would simply take it.

She would love to buy some clothes, but for many different reasons that probably wouldn't go well without Alyssa. Not because she couldn't pick out clothes that would look good, she did know what she liked to see on a woman, but because she had no clue about sizes and unlike the old days asking would probably not go so well for her. However... There was another type of store she had thought of... An adult store.

Not for any magazines or videos. No, those didn't really have any appeal when she had a futa sex goddess as her significant other, even if their relationship seemed mostly about sex at the moment. They did have something more than that, even though it had been barely a week while she'd been awake.

Anyways, she had gone shopping a long time ago for toys with her ex-fiance. Though back then few things they sold could do much of anything for her. Now however things were different. Lube was first on the list in a variety of flavors, then some ben wa balls, a double-sided dildo, and a couple vibrators. When she was done she walked by the bdsm section and couldn't help but pick up a couple more things including: handcuffs, a blindfold, and some nipple clamps. Which was also right next to lingerie.

Alex looked at some of the lingerie. The thought of wearing any of those stirred something inside her. As a guy you don't think of yourself as sexy, or at least she never had in that form. She knew what she looked like now and could imagine what she would look like in these. That would certainly be sexy. She could be sexy. It was... Moving. It stirred something very primitive within her. 

She was looking looking at the package for a very short pvc looking mini-skirt that would show almost her whole ass, with g-string panties, and a plunging keyhole neckline halter top. That was when an older woman came up behind her and said "You would look incredible in that."

Alex blinked and said "It does look very sexy. I'm not sure it would fit though." The woman was probably fifty at a guess and a bit on the plump side. There was also something about her that made Alex certain she worked here.

The woman smiled and giggled a bit "Dear if I had your figure I wouldn't worry about wearing anything we carry."

Alex smiled at the woman and said "Thank you. I kind of wish I had somewhere to try them on. Though seeing as they come in boxes I don't expect that's possible."

The woman frowned a bit and looked toward the back after glancing at the large collection of 'supplies' Alex had already. "Well in your case you could go back into the... glory hole room we have in back if you want." She paused and added "You may want to anyways if you are interested."

Alex blushed even though the idea did have a certain appeal. It didn't help that four guys in the shop where all in hearing range and all tried to head back there without looking like they were. Alex felt a thrill pass through her at the knowledge that they were doing it because they wanted a sexual favor from her. It was rather heady. She shook her head "No thank you. Can I return them if they don't fit though?"

What followed wasn't terribly interesting. Though she had bought a fishnet bodystocking, a mini cut out dress in a pvc like material, a pvc strap teddy, and stockings with a garter belt. She also picked up a second suspender type body stocking, though this one was cut out so it only covered her breasts, her legs, and the parts of her directly around those areas. She paid for her items and headed back outside.

There was one last stop she wanted to make and it just so happened to be next door. There was a piercing and tattoo place next door. Alex thought it would be a pleasant surprise for Alyssa if she came home with her nipples pierced.

Alex entered the shop and a chime played to let the staff know there was someone out front. A sultry looking late twenties or early thirties black woman came out from the back. She had wide hips, a full bust that if Alex was to guess was a D-cup or possibly slightly larger, Purple white hair that had to come from a bottle, and soft brown eyes. She also had an eyebrow piercing, tattoos on her wrists, a lip piercing, and a stud in her nose that Alex could see. She was in a pretty simple outfit including a t-shirt and a skirt at the moment. She raised an eyebrow at Alex and asked "How can I help you?"
