 Author's Notes:

I'm happy to hear back from people who enjoyed the first and second chapters of this story. As of when I'm submitting this chapter those are the two already on the site. I hope you'll also forgive the more character focused third chapter which is almost a part 1 to this chapter setting things in motion to occur later on. Chapter 5 is also half way done and will add the fourth major character.

I already have characters and a plot for at least 10 chapters currently, possibly more as I section them up. Hopefully I will find the time to do all the planned chapters. I am leaving out some sex scenes I have thought up because they don't add anything new to what has come before really, though if you are interested I will do side stories to include some of those as time permits.

Anyways, I hope you enjoy!

-------------------------

Alyssa and Alex laid panting in one anothers arms after a good bit of sex, not an abnormal situation with those two. That Alyssa was wearing a condom and Alex didn't truly appreciate that change. "God that feels strange, like I had a water balloon inflated inside me."

Alyssa laughed and playfully swatted Alex. "Well effectively you did have a water balloon inflated inside of you. Just this one is full of cum." She leaned down and lightly bit Alex fuzzy kitty ear "Besides that should teach you to let some hottie give you a blowjob when I'm not around."

Alex decided to tease back and wiggled her hips playfully "You mean I do that and then you fuck my pretty little pussy silly? Because I'm so not seeing a downside there..."

Alyssa swatted Alex again playfully though this time on her naked ass "No you silly goose. I meant the inflatable balloon part. Though that's as much because we have no idea if I could knock you up. Well and in this case because you just got a bunch of piercings done to."

Alex bit her lip again and said something she hadn't ever really expected to say "Would it be so bad if you did? I mean we only have a few dozen condoms and while I can theoretically go out and buy more as needed... I will run out of money for that some time. Besides I miss the feel of your cum filling me up, as odd as that may sound."

Alyssa raised an eyebrow and asked "You seriously want to have unprotected sex with me, even knowing that it's at least in the realm of possibility I could get you pregnant?"

Alex replied rather breathlessly "Yes." The idea rather evoked something primitive in her psyche that excited her. At a guess it was the risk involved, actually being pregnant was something she just couldn't understand currently. But a risky behavior that already played into her shifting kinks she could. Alex shook her head "Besides you let me fuck you without one, so it seems rather silly I wouldn't take the same risk you do."

Alyssa tickled Alex and called her a tease, though their pillow talk moved to other topics for the moment. When Alyssa finally did slide her cock back out the condom nearly pulled off. In Alex's mind it also proved how in the longer term it would just be too hard to keep up on condoms and there would still be quite the risk. Outside there were options for a better solution, but frankly those were not options for them. Heck Alex's only 'health care' was what the state offered as part of a job she wasn't doing anymore. They also still thought she was a he... So that was not an option.

Alyssa had been only mildly annoyed when Alex mentioned the blow job. She wasn't even sure how to classify their relationship outside of being lovers. They seemed more than 'friends with benefits' and it felt to early to say they were marriage material. Heck they were living with each other and it certainly felt more than just being roommates. Both of them were in very similar circumstances though, even if Alyssa had been like this for months.

These thoughts lead directly to a new understanding for their relationship: Inviting others into their bed was fine as long as they were both involved. Their would be no hiding any sexual relations from the other. Hence they could explore their sexual boundaries without losing what it is they had. Even if neither of them could put a name to it.

It did lead into an interesting conversation though. Alex shifted around in bed and said "So fantasies right? Well... When I was with my ex she always wanted us to find another girl to play with. She was bisexual so that makes a lot of sense from that aspect. She always said she wanted to watch me fuck some cute girl while she got to have her way with both of us.It may not entirely have been my fantasy exactly, but I certainly adopted it. Though if things go like I agreed to, Lyra may help us with that one in a few days."

Alyssa laughed and said "Well true. That was some good pre-planning on your part..."

Alex sticks her tongue out at Alyssa and says "Well that was as much my hormone addled brain as anything else, though she did want to see us..."

Alyssa grinned and said "Careful or I'll stick a cock in that mouth of yours..."

Alex giggled and said "Promises promises... Though then I couldn't keep talking about fantasies..."

Alyssa giggled to and said "Ok then later for the cock in your mouth... So what's next on the fantasies list?"

Alex poked Alyssa lightly with her finger "Such the tease... Anyways... The other fantasy we always had was that she wanted to be double penetrated and while I didn't have a problem with the idea no other guys she knew were 'flexible' enough mentally to share like that. It certainly made it onto my fantasy list back then. Though now... I can't help but want to be the center of it and feel what it's like to have all my 'holes' filled..." She couldn't help squirming at the thought actually.

Alyssa squirmed as well and said "Well I can't say I'm not interested in finding out myself... But we seem a cock short for that..."

Alex nodded "Yes. Don't ask me where we would find a spare cock for that, but you asked for my fantasies." She ran her hands up Alyssa's back.

Alyssa grinned "I did yes. So far they have been pretty good. So what's next...?"

Alex shrugged "Mmmm... I don't know... I do seem to have a thing for cum. I always used to think a girl with cum on her looked sexy. Now I kind of want the girl to be me and the cum not just mine."

Alyssa giggled again "Well I'm more than willing to cover you with my cum..." She winked playfully and said "Wait I have..."

Alex laughed "Yes. You did give me a facial the last time I sucked on your cock... I was thinking more along the lines of bukkake though. With cum dripping off my tits, my face, and just about everywhere else..."

Alyssa flushed a bit as the idea of Alex with cum dangling off her perky little breasts and just about everywhere else to certain had an appeal. "Bukkake, that Japanese porn thing?"

Alex nodded "Yes. I read this amazing story once where these two bisexual girls were tied up in a 69 kind of position at an orgy. They got a front row seat every time a guy penetrated the other girl and everyone around was jacking off as well and would cover the in cum as they were fucked. In fact I think initially they were eating each other off and putting on a show for the guys and ladies around."

Alyssa squirmed and felt blood flow back into her cock making it twitch. "Well you certainly don't think small... Now we have bondage, an orgy, a gang bang from the sounds of it, and getting covered in cum. Anything else to add?"

Alex giggled and said "Not with that... Is this the time for me to bring up my tentacle fetish though...?"

Alyssa laughed and swatted Alex's bare ass "You have become such a slut!"

Alex stuck her tongue out at Alyssa again "Hey, I'm only what you made me... I had just about the most uninspired actual sex life ever before you..."

Alyssa ran her finger along Alex's body and said "I'm pretty sure you were always a kinky little slut. It was just hiding in some plain packaging. Now that you've broken free of the packaging and the outside just reflects the inside more you've grown into quite the beautiful kinky slut."

Alex poked Alyssa in the belly with a giggle "I don't exactly seem to see you complaining." The talk of fantasies got derailed with Alyssa's response to that...

A couple days later Alex got a message on her cell from Lyra saying that she would be coming for her visit with Alyssa and Alex. Alex turned to Alyssa and said "It seems Lyra is on the way..."

Alyssa smiled and said "So I guess we should get ready then... Are you going to meet her at the door looking like that?" Alex as had become very used to simply not wearing anything since outside some oversized tees and borrowed clothes from Alyssa she just didn't have any.

Alex blushed and said "Yes... Clothes would probably be a good idea... Though I don't really have much..."

Alyssa grinned "Well you do have those sexy outfits you bought at that adult shop... Maybe that sexy little almost not there skirt and the halter top?" She herself was in her pile of clothes and feeling in the mood for it slid on a pair of thong panties, which showed the bulge of her cock clearly. Then she slid into her 'little black dress' with a low skirt hem and a v-neck showing off a very nice supply of cleavage. She also didn't bother to put on a bra.

In the meantime Alex had found the outfit in question and taken it out of the package. She slipped on the halter top first, taking care not to cause too much pain when she slipped it over her boobs. Her pierced nipples still ached when they got moved around too much or enough force was put on them and she still didn't own a bra either. Going out to a store was still kinda iffy, what she knew of shopping for a bra was next to nothing.

When Alex went to pull on a pair of panties however Alyssa stop her and then while groping her ass said "No, my little slut doesn't need panties today."

Alex felt a flutter in her belly at Alyssa words and tone of voice. Alyssa certainly had a bit of a dom streak in her when she got playful. However that usually lead to some pretty amazing sex. However Alex just held up the skirt and said "This skirt is barely six inches long. if I don't wear panties my cock is so going to be hanging out the front."

Alyssa pulled Alex close and moved Alex's cock to the side before she rubbed the bulge in her panties against Alex's pussy lips. "Does my sexy little slut want to get fucked by my big hard cock...?"

Alex bite her lip, getting aroused with very little effort on Alyssa's part every time she did that dom trick on her. "You know I do 'lyssa."

Alyssa swatted Alex's ass playfully and said "Good. Then be a good little slut and keep the panties off."

Alex sighed and gave in, putting the panties in a drawer before she slid the very short mini-skirt up over her hips. It also gave Alyssa a sweet view of her ass. Alex's ass cheeks were at best half covered with her tail forced to come out from under the back of the skirt since the designer had not expected a tail. It also revealed her puckered little ass hole and whenever Alyssa bent over even a little showed off her pussy lips. Alyssa was still enjoying the view when the doorbell rang. She laid back in a chair and motioned Alex to answer it.

Blushing quite a bit at what she was wearing Alex came up to the door and opened it up. In the hall was a smiling Lyra wearing the same simple outfit she had on the other day: tube top and mini-skirt. Lyra caught sight of Alex's cock peeking out from under her skirt and lciked her lips. "Well hello sexy, someone is happy to see me. And I'm happy to see them."

Alex smiled back though was still feeling awfully shy in this outfit. "Hi Lyra come in and I'll introduce you to Alyssa." She held the door open for Lyra, who walked inside, and then closed the door.

Inside Lyra caught sight of Alyssa and said "Holy shit your transformed." She blinked taking in the sight of Alyssa's sexy purple skinned curves, the little horns on her head, and the golden irises in a field of black that were Alyssa's eyes. Alyssa winked playfully and said "We both are honey. The very successful ones if you ask me. Know here is how it is going to work. I know you already want to get fucked by my sexy kitten slut. So I will let you right now if you strip naked immediately. Then you two will give me a show. Make it one I enjoy and I'll play two... Just for some extra incentive..." She pulled her dress up enough the she could pull her hardening cock out of her skirt giving Lyra an eyeful.

Alex said "Alyssa! That so was not the plan!" Lyra just had her mouth hanging open for the moment unable to respond.

Alyssa shrugged "Plan changed." She looked at Lyra "So are you stripping?"

Lyra swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat at Alyssa's words and the slid her tube top up over her head, revealing her plump chocolate colored breasts with even darker areolas tipped with puffy nipples pierced by golden stirrup jewelry. A quick motion or two more, that made her full breasts wiggle, and she even had her shoes off. Then she slid her skirt off over her hips. She was now standing quite comfortably nude. She had a dangling golden piece of navel jewelry on her belly that caught your attention. She also had wide hips and an hourglass figure. Both Alyssa and Alex could catch glimpses of her pierced labia when they got a glimpse of her glistening pussy to.

Alyssa smiled "Good girl. Very good. Now help my slutty kitten out of her clothes and make sure she enjoys it."

Alex said "You don't have to do this Lyra..." Things not really going in any way like she imagined this. Heck even Alyssa going all domme hadn't really been in Alex's idea of this.

Lyra came over and pressed her sexy chocolate body against Alex's "No. It's ok. I have been getting myself off the last couple days to thoughts of you fucking me silly. While I had planned to work my way up to that, this works just fine for me." She kissed Alex's lips and her hands moved down down helping Alex off with the halter top, carefully. The Lyra's seeking hands pushed Alex's mini-skirt down below her hips. When Alex's semi-hard cock sprang free Lyra couldn't help but take a quick taste as she slid it into her mouth. Alex moaned as Lyra sucked on his cock, Lyra's hands moving to work the skirt all the way off leaving Alex naked again.

Alyssa said to Alex "She's your plaything Alex. Use her..." Alyssa was so getting off on the power trip of being able to order them around, at least for the moment. She slowly started caressing her body as she watched them play.

Alex for her part reached down and started to squeeze Lyra's big breasts. They felt so soft and malleable in her hands, though they were certainly more than a handful. She couldn't help sliding her fingers over to Lyra's pierced nipples and she tugged on the stirrup jewelry there causing Lyra to moan around Alex's cock in her mouth. A shiver went through Alex's body, her cock was fully erect now and she had other plans for the sexy Lyra than just another blow job. Alex placed her hands on Lyra's head gently pulling Lyra away from her cock. "Get on the bed..."

Lyra licked her lips still watching Alex's cock for a moment. Then she slowly got to her feet and walked sexily over to the bed. She laid back on the bed and took up a sexy posy and looked at Alex with come hither eyes. Alex for her part climbed onto the bed after Lyra, then lowered herself on top of the other girl with her lips seeking Lyra's. The two kissed as their hands caressed each others bodies. 

Alex broke the kiss after nearly a minute and moved down Lyra's body kissing as she went. First kissing Lyra's cheeks, then her neck, her collarbone, across her breasts... Where she stopped to suckle on Lyra's hard puffy suckable nipples that so tempted her... Then downwards again across the underside of Lyra's breasts, across her tummy, past the dangling navel jewelry, until she finally came to a rest between Lyra's thighs below the little shaved racetrack of hair.

Alex had loved eating out a woman's pussy as long as she could remember. She'd done that to Alyssa more than once in the last couple weeks even. Though with Alyssa she would occasionally get a cock to the top of the head when trying to feast on that sexy little pussy. It was distracting to say the least. Here though... Lyra's pussy had no cock distractions and except for the cute race track was free from hair, hair in ones mouth is not what Alex wanted either, so it looked incredibly edible. She couldn't resist leaning in and running her tongue along first Lyra's pierced outer lips, then her wet inner lips.

Lyra gasped as Alex teased her and started to moan as Alex's tongue brushed along the length of her slit only stopping at her hood and then circling it teasingly. Lyra's hips bucked up at that teasingly light touch. Alex moved her tongue away from the hood and up and down along Lyra's slit instead. Alex loved the way Lyra tasted and smelled, so feminine. Lyra started moaning as Alex continued to lick and tease her pussy, every so often coming up to circle her clit with that teasing tongue. Lyra's hands clenched at the bedsheet underneath her as she arched her hips up to meet Alex's lips.

Alex dipped her tongue deep into Lyra's tight entrance, swirling her tongue around to lap up Lyra's juices. After teasing her this way, and listening to her moan, Alex slipped his tongue back out and ran it along her tasty slit again. This time when Alex got to Lyra's hooded clit she sucked it into her mouth, her teeth gently pulled at Lyra's clit through it's hood as her tongue caressed it and licked the tip of the clit peeking out passed the hood. Lyra moaned "Oh god Alex. Fuck." Her hips lifting off the bed as she pressed her pussy into Alex's face and her back arching as her breasts bounced. Her whole body seemed to clench as she came on Alex's face a rush of her juices leaking out of her.

Alyssa had already pulled off her panties and had started stroking her cock with one hand while plunging a finger into her pussy. She knew from personal experience exactly how good Alex's mouth could feel as well as how much Alex enjoyed it. She couldn't take her eyes off Lyra as she moaned and writhed on the bed.

For Lyra her world was still on fire, Alex hadn't actually let up no matter how sensitive her pussy felt and it was actually driving her towards another orgasm. Her hands were buried in Alex's hair, holding on for dear life. As amazing as it felt though she wanted something else... "Alex, fuck me. Fuck me now..."

Alex may consider herself a woman now, but those words struck a very primal and male part of her that certainly still existed. She was also not about to say no to that request, as much as she was enjoying herself. She crawled back up Lyra's sweet body until her cock bumped into Lyra's slick pussy lips, their breasts touching and their pierced nipples brushing against each other. Alex moaned in a combination of pleasure and pain, her nipples not enjoying the contact quite as much as she would prefer. She arched her back moving away from Lyra after a kiss and shifted her hips so her hard cock rubbed against Lyra's wet slit.

Lyra gave Alex a lust filled eager look as she arched her hips up. Alex in turn pressed the head of her cock against Lyra's slick entrance and then pressed her hips slowly forward. Lyra moaned as Alex pressed more and more of her thick cock inside, Lyra's pussy stretching to accept her. She continued moving slowly letting Lyra adjust to her cock as she thrust forward. Alex was in heaven, Lyra's pussy was so hot and wet around her cock it was driving her nuts. Lyra was possibly hotter and tighter around Alex's cock then Alyssa ever was, though this was more filled with lust and less tinged with love like it was with Alyssa. That however didn't mean this didn't feel incredible.
