 Dante stood by the graves of Albel's parents and wiped away a tear. She remembered how kind his parents were. They always welcomed her with open arms. Lava came and sat on her shoulder sighing. 

"What's wrong?" Dante asked. 

"I don't know why we're here," Lava answered. 

"I love him." 

"I know and I don't know why." 

"I always have. That is all that matters to me. Don't worry I'll be returning to Nero soon." 

"Dante . . . " 

"Is that not what you wanted?" Dante asked. 

"Yes, but I also want you to do what your heart tells you," Lava said. 

Dante said nothing just stood by the graves wiping tears from her eyes. She heard footsteps and turned around to see Albel standing behind her. 

"How long have you been there?" she asked. 

"Not long," Albel answered walking up to her. 

"What do you want?" Dante asked looking at him. 

"I want you to stay here." 

"Why?" 

"I don't want you to go . . . I want you here with me." 

"Why?" 

"Are you going to keep asking me why?" 

"Yes until you tell me why you want me to stay here," Dante replied. 

"I missed you . . . It's not because of your beauty. I want you here for you," Albel answered. 

Dante looked up at him and smiled. He was telling the truth she could tell; he was blushing deeply now. She took his hand and pulled him close to her. Standing on her toes she reached up and grabbed hold of his neck pulling him down and kissed his lips. Albel was shocked but did not pull back. He only kissed her in return. 

"I'll leave you alone," Lava said flying away. 

Albel picked up Dante and started to carry her to the castle. 

"Where are we going?" Dante asked wrapping her arms around his neck. 

"We are going to my chamber," Albel answered. 

"I was hoping you'd say that." 

Albel walked faster with her words. He never wanted someone this much in his life. Not only was she his best friend but she was also someone he wanted to be with for the rest of his life. These feelings were new for him. He was so angry at the world that he never experienced love like he was feeling now. 

They got to his chamber and he quickly closed the door. He went to his bed and put Dante on it. He looked her up and down smiling. 

"Do you like what you see?" Dante asked. 

"I love what I see," Albel said. 

He did not want to wait. He started to undress her. He got her dress off with no problem. He kissed her as he removed her bra. When it was off, he started to kiss down her neck. Dante moaned at his touch wanting him to go further. Albel heard her moan and put his mouth over her right breast. Dante arched her back and pulled his head closer to her breast. He sucked the hardening nipple into his mouth and bit on it softly. 

"I want you Albel," was all Dante could say. 

He looked up at her and smiled. He started to kiss down her stomach and when he got to the top of her panties he pulled them down with his teeth. He looked down at her beautiful pussy with the hair trimmed into a heart. He smiled and licked the lips. Dante moaned and pushed her hips to his mouth until he was sucking and licking her pussy lips. 

"Oh yes," she barely said. 

He took this opportunity to suck her clit into her mouth. Dante screamed as he did this. She grabbed his head and pulled him even closer to her pussy. Albel sucked and licked every inch of her pussy making her squirm with his touch. He put two fingers into her pussy as he licked her. She screamed again as he did this. She bucked her hips to make his tongue go further into her pussy. 

Albel started to pay more attention to her clit, biting and sucking it into his mouth. Dante screamed ever louder as her first orgasm overtook her. Albel smiled and lapped up her juices, never slowing down his licking. 

"Oh my god," Dante panted looking at Albel. 

Smiling Albel moved up and kissed her. Dante licked up her own juices while kissing him. Smiling Dante started to rub his cock through his pants. 

"I want you inside me," Dante whispered. 

"I thought you'd never ask," Albel said smiling. 

There was a knock at the door when Albel went to kiss Dante again. 

"Who is it?" Albel screamed. 

"I'm sorry to disturb you my lord but there is someone here to see you and my lady Dante," a servant said. 

"Tell them to come back tomorrow," Albel shouted. 

"He says it's urgent," the servant said. 

Sighing Albel looked at Dante to see what she wanted to do. 

"I guess we have no choice," Dante said. 

"Are you sure?" Albel asked kissing her. 

"Yes we can always continue where we left off later," Dante said getting up to get her dress. 

"Tell him we'll be there in a minute," Albel said sighing. 

Dante got dressed quickly and walked out of the room with Albel. 

"He is in the conference room my lord," the servant said. 

"Thank you. You are dismissed," Albel said. 

Albel and Dante walked to the conference room quickly wanting to know what the emergency was. When they got there they saw a man sitting down at the end of the table. Dante gasped at the sight of him. 

"Hello Dante," the man said. 

"Hello Master," Dante said bowing. 

"Master?" Albel asked glaring at the man. 

To be continued . . . 

(thanks for reading I hope that you enjoyed it comments would be helpful thanks Jen)