 Author's Notes:

I'm glad people are still enjoying my story. This chapter took longer than I expected. I had a monitor die on me and had to borrow a replacement among other issues that slowed down my writing. For those thinking a third cock would enter the picture you still have to wait a bit, though I do plan to get to that eventually!

Anyways, I hope you enjoy!

-------------------------------------------------------------

After Alyssa and Alex got done freaking out, they made Lyra a more comfortable place to sleep. They also spent a considerable amount of time arguing about how they should have thought this might happen. They were obviously transformed after all and Alex had been altered after sleeping with Alyssa, so the chance was damn high any normal human they slept with would have the same thing happen. They had both somehow just assumed something unusual had happened and ignored any other possible consequences. Now Lyra had a good chance to change as well. It was possibly their first real argument and some angry words were exchanged on each side and blame was passed around.

The next day however they made up. Mostly because they were both miserable about what they had said. However it also helped that late in the day Lyra woke up. Unlike Alex she had the most mild transformation they had ever heard of and it only seemed to take a somewhere between a dozen hours and a day, rather than most of a week. The only things that had even changed were her eyes with molten gold irises, somewhat like Alyssa's but with white pupils still, and her ears had grown. In fact they were pointed like some sort of fantasy elf, or possibly 'drow' since she already looked like an ebony goddess before hand. She hadn't grown a cock, or a tail, or anything else for that matter which was key.

She didn't freak out much either since the change was so mild and really only her ears bothered her because hiding them if she left the zone would be a pain. She did however start working on a plan to set up a piercing and tattoo place within the zone. With some tools of her trade from her car she also pierced Alex's cute kitten ears. The day before she had thought they were just cute hair accessories, though she had been a tad distracted at the time. She also found an apartment just down the hall from Alyssa and Alex and tentatively moved in as she made arrangements outside the zone.

She also did something with Alex that Alyssa couldn't do. She took Alex shopping. Alex gained a collection of blouses and other shirts, skirts and pants, socks, shoes, and more day to day underwear than what she brought back from her first shopping trip. She even had bras now. Which to Alex felt very weird to wear, though the support for her perky breasts was nice. She also found she simply could not walk in heels even though Lyra swore she looked sexy in them. In the end Lyra convinced her to buy a single pair of 'training heels' so she could learn to walk in them. Alex did enjoy shopping more now than she ever had before being transformed and was actually rather fun trying things on and seeing how things looked on her body.

Another thing they did was get her hair styled, which was mostly Lyra's work since a hairstylist would have so freaked out over Alex's ears. Alex hair also wasn't very long so it was mostly just arranged in a cuter fashion and a pair of cute hair clips separated the hair to either side of her face into 'columns' that framed her face. Lyra and Alyssa called them 'braids', but Alex didn't quite understand why since her hair wasn't 'braided'. It had just been run through clips. It didn't really matter though, it was cute.

Between her hair, the new clothes, and everything she had recently experienced she was feeling very feminine. They had also taught her the basics of makeup and she did sometimes wear lipstick now. Though Alyssa and Lyra had laughed like mad at her first attempt at putting it on herself. The lesson in eyeliner had been far more difficult and still something best left to Lyra or Alyssa than her. Since she was usually trying to hide her cat slitted eyes and even bought false contacts to make that easier, eyeliner wasn't high on the normal makeup routine for her.

Things were even progressing well and another couple weeks rolled by without incident. Alyssa and Alex were settling into a nice relationship, they still didn't know what they wanted to call it but Lyra teased them every so often for making 'googly' or 'lovie dovie' eyes at each other. Lyra herself was become a good friend and occasional fuck buddy to the couple. While all parties involved enjoyed their often primal sexual escapades, Lyra for one tended to like walking straight. She also was on birth control, but since she was planning to quit her job and couldn't exactly go to a doctor now for an updated prescription, she would be running out soon. While she was coming to appreciate them as very dear friends, getting knocked up by either of them was not appealing.

This was the way things were right up until the day Alex got an unexpected message on her cell phone. She was laughing with Allyssa as they were teasing each other back and forth, when Alex's long dormant phone made it's little 'message waiting noise'. She crawled over to where it was resting and took a quick look. She got a bit of a stunned expression on her face and put her phone back down. Alyssa tilted her head and asked "What is it love?"

Alex shook her head "Something I hadn't even imagined. My ex-fiance is going to be in town and wanted to know if I wanted to meet and have dinner..."

Alyssa frowned "Well even if I wanted you to see your ex, you don't exactly look like you did..." She had heard some stories from Alex, it was kind of hard for Alex to avoid discussing her at times. That didn't mean Alyssa had to like her.

Alex sighed "I know... It's just... I kind of miss her. I haven't seen her in ages." For Alex this was far more complex, she had spent nearly a decade in a relationship with the woman she had once wanted to spend her life with. While Alyssa certainly filled the hole in her heart, there would always be a place in there for her ex.

If Alyssa could frown more she would "Alex, she kicked you out of the bed you bought to share with her so she could spend time with old friends from her teenage years... She so didn't treat you right."

Alex made a face "Yes, that is how it ended. I know. I was there. That doesn't mean she was a bad person. I remember the gifts we would give each other on valentines day. The times she would give me a 'come hither' look and lead me up to her bedroom. How nice it felt just to hold her in my arms..."

Alyssa was more than a bit annoyed now "I also recall you telling me how she flat out forbid you to show any signs of affection when her kids were around or you were in public outside of holding hands... I have to agree with some of you relatives that suggest she never really loved you."

Now Alex looked hurt "She was always very confused... To use the best possible term for it. She did love me deep down. Her actions just didn't always follow her feelings. I think you just don't like her because she's my ex..."

Alyssa sighed "I don't like her because she hurt you. Anyone who has hurt you isn't someone I'm likely to ever have the warm fuzzies for." She didn't add in that she was fairly possessive when it came to Alex, or at least Alex's affections. Alex made her feel like the most important person in the world and she desperately didn't want to lose that.

Alex sighed again and drew Alyssa into her arms "I know love. She really isn't that bad though, I promise. And while I do still love her in a way that will never leave me... You are far more important to me." She kissed Alyssa's nose and added "And I love you to."

Alyssa wasn't completely happy, but hearing Alex say 'I love you' was always something that warmed her heart. That conversation ended there, however Alex remained distracted the next couple days.

The night Alex's ex was due into town she came to Alyssa and said "I want to see my ex. I won't let on who I am. My voice isn't even the same, so she is not going to recognize me. I just don't want to pass up possibly my last chance to ever see her."

To say Alyssa wasn't happy to hear this was an understatement. Alyssa was more than a bit possessive of her sexy little kitten, more so when she wasn't in sight. 'possessive' might not be such a good term for it. Worried, scared, and even terrified of losing her either to someone else, or something else, made her want to be with Alex. If Alex had to go she desperately wanted to go with her. If she couldn't go then at least their friend Lyra should, shouldn't she? THe last person Alyssa trusted was the woman who had hurt Alex in the past.

Alex saw all this play out on Alyssa's face and took Alyssa's hands in hers. "I know sweetie. I'll be fine. I'll have Lyra help me with my makeup. I'll pick out one of my new dresses. Then I'll go out and find her at her hotel and we can talk. Then I'll leave after getting a chance to see her one last time and come home to you." She leaned in and kissed Alyssa's nose "Then you can fuck me silly before we go to sleep..."

Alyssa sighed and gave in "Ok love, but I'll help you with the makeup... No reason to bother Lyra. You just be careful ok?" Alyssa was good to her word. She helped Alex with her makeup and also the stockings and garter belt, which Alex had trouble with. Alex slid into a pair of black satin panties and a matching bra easily enough however.

Alex picked a midnight blue dress that came half-way up her thighs and showed just the very top edge of her breasts on top. It was sleeveless with fairly simple straps mirroring the same position as her bra. The top was tight and very form fitting around her bust. If she didn't wear the bra everyone would know she had pierced nipples. It looked to be made out of silk, but was some kind of synthetic Alex certainly couldn't name. To hide her ears they had actually carefully hidden them in her hair. Her tail was simply hidden under the hem of her dress. It felt weird for it to be tied up, but it was a common practice by now when she went out.

Alex kissed Alyssa before heading out. Actually getting out was still easy enough with the badge, the 'guards' didn't seem to care what the badge said as long as you had one. Lyra could get in on a 'visitors' pass, but Alex's work badge did fine as well. Originally the guards had been military and then civilian officers, but now it had been farmed out to some company who apparently chose the rejects from the airport security and night security guard pools.

Alex got into her car and headed to the hotel. She was pretty sure where she would find Tabbitha, or Tabby for short. While not an alcoholic, Tabby rarely passed up a bar and her hotel of choice was known locally for it's restaurant/bar. They didn't talk regularly anymore, but last Alex had heard Tabby was single and both her kids were off with their no good fathers. Tabby liked to say that Alex was the only one that ever treated her right. However she had always treated him worse than the bad boys she tended toward.

When they had been together she tended to complain about him being overweight, yet she was overweight as well. Neither were huge, but she seemed to have the ability to get the attention of guys who were thin and even athletic. The reason they didn't have much thinner women in their lives is because they treated women like shit. Any woman with sense would turn them down. Tabby however had self-esteem issues and so took the abuse because 'she couldn't do better'. At least in her eyes. Alex knew she had been a sort of mirror for tabby. As equally weight challenged and so expect to 'do better'.

Tabby had also been bisexual. Which on the positive side meant that they could talk about attractive women they would see or meet. On the downside Tabby loved to complain that Alex kept her from getting these women, because they didn't want to play with him. Alex had long held a rule that should make sense, if she was going to play he should be part of it. To Alex, Losing her bed so Tabby could have fun while she got to imagine what Tabby was doing held very little interest. Alex had absolutely no desire to be cuckolded whether it was with women or men. It was mostly an excuse though, few enough women wanted to play with Tabby either.

Alex had always wanted a family. When she had been a little boy and was asked 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Alex had responded 'A dad!', though it usually was less specifically being a dad then it was to have a family. Why was a good question, her own father had always been fairly distant. A longing for a sense of love maybe. However the one thing Tabby had absolutely positively done was make sure they didn't have sex when she could possibly conceive. Their first time was with condoms, but neither of them really enjoyed that. After that she had arranged for a long term form of contraception. When they had gotten back in touch after their final breakup she had 'had her tubes tied' as the saying goes. So both her kids had been born to men of questionable character. Alex though had treated them as her own and had loved them almost as much as she loved Tabby. Losing all three at once hurt like nothing else she had ever endured. So close to her dream and yet so very far.

When Alex thought back to all this she couldn't help slipping into thinking as a guy again. Those thoughts were tinged with being a man. However no one looking at her now would ever think she was a guy. She didn't even entirely feel like a guy inside and hadn't sense waking up that day in Alyssa's bed. In some ways the two genders weren't that different and in other ways they certainly were. Her mind had always had problems 'thinking within the box' this whole gender identification thing was just more of them same. She vaguely wondered if maybe she was inherently better suited to it and if so maybe Alyssa was the same.

Alex's thoughts focused back on the moment, instead of her musings, as she pulled into the hotel. Walking inside the bar she saw Tabby and stopped. Tabby was looking fairly good. She had lost weight. Of course Alex knew that mentally, as Tabby had mentioned it, but this was her first time seeing the change. Tabby had always been closer to 180 lbs than anything else and had been slightly shorter than Alex. Now she was probably 120 lbs or less or so. Her breasts had even shrunk slightly. They were currently about the size of Alyssa's or maybe Lyra's, it was hard to tell though her clothes after all. They had been bigger before. Alex couldn't say what she they had been, she had known once however ten years later remembering it was next to impossible.

She looked good though, if older. Tabby had soft brown eyes with flecks of green. Her hair was currently a light brown, which was her natural color, though she often got her hair done with blonde highlights. She was wearing a fairly simple light sweater and a pair of jeans. The sweater strained a bit as Tabby was given a pretty ample bust, though they were actually slightly smaller than they had been since she had lost weight since they had been together. Regardless she was still certainly a DD cup size. Alex had always thought she had a bit much, but she had loved Tabby all the same. She obviously hadn't dressed up, but then she didn't know she'd be meeting anyone tonight either. Right now she was just sitting at the bar and nursing a drink.

Alex didn't drink anymore and hadn't since long before the change had taken place. Even so she walked over to the bar and sat in an empty chair next to Tabby and ordered an iced tea. Trying to look at ease she smiled to Tabby and said "Hello, what brings you here tonight?"

Tabby smiled back at her, though not in the same friendly way Alex had. Instead it was more a 'Who is this stranger? But I'll play along' kind of smile. Alex had spent the better part of a decade with Tabby, her expressions even now where like reading a book. She was starting to feel that way with Alyssa now to, at least sometimes. Tabby's reply was "Oh I came into town for an appointment and maybe to see my ex."

Alex continued to smile while looking somewhat sympathetic or at least she hoped that was how it came off. "Did you get turned down dear? Such a shame for such an attractive woman."

Alex could see the wheel's in Tabby's head working. A slight blush to the cheeks to show that she had enjoyed an apparently pretty young woman call her attractive. A bit of shame or maybe just dislike at the thought that Alex may have turned her down played out on her face as well. Tabby shrugged though and said "I haven't heard from him. He must be busy."

Alex came back with "Too busy for you? I cannot imagine being that busy... Anyone who would turn you down is a fool." Alex smiled a more sultry smile at Tabby and gave her a wink. She added "If it was me I'd never turn you down."

Tabby giggled slightly and smiled back at Alex "Well as of now you haven't, so your record is unblemished." Now Tabby was intrigued, it was a fairly rare thing for a woman to hit on her, especially one so young or attractive.

Alex held out her hand "Hi, I'm Alex... Alexandria. At least in full. Once in awhile maybe even Alexia."

Tabby frowned ever so slightly when she Alex said her name, which made a lot of sense. You come to see an Alex and you get another one. The irony was not lost on Alex, but would with Tabby. Tabby replied with "I know an Alex or two. You however don't look the Alex type. I'm Tabitha." Tabby held out her hand to shake Alex's, but when their hands touched Alex moved Tabby's hand up to her lips and kissed the back of it instead.

Alex smiled after kissing Tabby's hand and said "It is a pleasure to meet you. I hope you don't mind me coming up to you at the bar like this..." Tabby was slightly shocked and a little flustered at her hand being kissed. Alex couldn't resist and if Tabby was connecting the dots she may even remember how Alex always used to kiss her hands like that. It had been a decade though and unlike Alex, Tabby had dozens of lovers over the years. All absolutely doomed to failure, but a significant portion of that was Tabby's fear of real commitment.

Tabby smiled and said "No it's all right. I could use some company. I'm a bit alone here in the 'big city', so it's nice to meet someone." They kept to light flirting for the next several minutes, the teasing being a game to Alex. A very old familiar game. It felt very good to play it again, even if Tabby didn't recognize the steps for what they were. Flirting was one thing Alex had spent an immense amount of time doing with Tabby.

The light flirting ended when Alex rested her hand lightly on Tabby's thigh. Alex smiled coyly and said "Why don't we go somewhere more private?"

Tabby shivered under Alex's touch, then after considering it she nodded. "Sure, that sounds good. We can go up to my room."

Alex smiled seductively and took Tabby's hand in hers. "lead on gorgeous." Both of them stood and Tabby lead Alex upstairs in one of the elevators. When the doors closed Alex pulled Tabby in close and pressed her lips to Tabby's. It was impulsive and that part of her that loved Tabby insisted. Tabby kissed Alex back and soon their hands were caressing each others bodies over their clothes. The elevator dinged and the doors opened, surprising a small family who were waiting for it. Alex and Tabby reluctantly parted as the parents in the family glared at them. Alex couldn't help giggling and took Tabby's hand in hers and moved out of the elevator, then winked to the father of the family as she passed making him blush.

Tabby switched places with Alex as she lead Alex down the hall to her room. She searched in her pockets for a moment until she found her room card and then swiped the card over the access panel on the door. Tabby walked inside and found the light switch. Alex followed her in and slid her hands under Tabby's sweater from behind as she slide her hands up to Tabby's breasts. Alex tried not to giggle as she noted with her hands that Tabby still couldn't manage to wear a bra that fit. Tabby had always preferred a bit of extra room. Alex had never understood why. Having breasts now herself, she still didn't understand that. She rather preferred the firm support a good fitting bra gave, though right now her nipples were trying hard to pop right through her bra.
