 Celeste opened her eyes and stretched the next morning. She was sore from last night but it was oh so pleasurable. Calvin and herself had retired to her bed, where they continued their fun. Her brother and Rachael were audible all night going about their own pleasure. Then it hit her, she was no longer a virgin. So what if it was to the man she was to marry, if her parents found out she would be locked in a convent for the rest of her days. A little worried, she got up and dressed for breakfast. 

When she stepped out of her rooms, Rachael was just closing her brother's door. She looked toward Celeste, flashed an impish grin and flounced off in the direction of the servant's quarters. Watching the sway of her hips reminded Celeste of her movements last night on the balcony. A flush rushed through her, quickly suppressed when she realized that a woman was turning her on. She continued on to the Great Hall for breakfast.

Gwen picked at her plate all through breakfast. Yesterday's activities with Rachael had help satisfy her, but it also left her wanting some more male attention. She continued to eye Megan and Meric as they ate. She also picked up on her children's behavior. Celeste kept glancing at Calvin, but she no longer blushed with some hidden thoughts. Instead she had a content, knowing look about her. Gwen looked at Calvin. He was also glowing with some inner feeling. The Queen had her suspicions, but after her own behavior, she felt she could not judge her daughter harshly. 

William also seemed more boisterous this morning. Animatedly chatting with Blake. Laughing and smiling more, but he would glance at Rachael where ever she was in the room, smile a small content smile, and then go on with his conversation. Gwen had no doubts what was going on there. She felt a twinge of jealousy, but suppressed it quickly. Jealous!!! because her son fucked her maid, after her own escapades with her. She smiled to herself, what a family we have become in just a few short days.

The matriarch of that family was thinking about how he could get at his lovely redheaded guest again. His actions in the garden kept running through his mind. The image of her nude form, bent over her husband haunted his nights. As he ate he kept his attention on them trying to hear what they were saying. He caught the words "leaving" and "tomorrow". That did it, he had to fuck her once more before they left. Breakfast came to an end, the mess was cleared and the Royal Family left to go about their separate duties.

King Brent strode down the corridor, heading to his office when he caught sight of Megan coming toward him. She walked straight up to him with a smoky look in her eye.

"Good morning, your Majesty," she murmured in a husky voice.

"G-G-Good morning." 

"I was wondering if you could do me a favor, your Majesty."

"Ask, madam and if I can help you I will."

"I was wondering if you could meet me later today for a going away get together?" There was a sensual look on her face as she said the last words.

Brent's pulse started to race as thoughts danced through his head at the meaning of her words. "Where and when, gracious lady?"

"The gazebo in the center of the maze, an hour before sunset?"

"I will be there," he promised. Then he turned and hurried on to his office.

Meric stopped Rachael as she passed him in the hall.

"Here, take this to the Queen." He handed her a note written on a small piece of paper. 

"What is this?"

"An invitation to our last act before we leave tomorrow."

"But what about me?" she pouted. "Am I to be left out of this?"

"No you are not. I want you to meet us at the gazebo in the maze three hours before sunset."

A large smile spread across her lips. "Yes m'lord."

William walked across the courtyard heading toward the stables, on his way to a morning ride. Megan met him halfway.

"Good morning Ma'am," he began politely.

"Your Highness," she said as she curtsied. "I have a message from Rachael asking you to meet her at the gazebo in the maze two and a half hours before sunset."

At the first sound of her low, throaty voice, William's loins began to tingle and twitch. When she mentioned Rachael the activity increased ten-fold.

"Of course I will, but why did she not deliver it to me herself?"

"She is currently busy with your mother the queen, your Highness." The twinkle in her eye seemed to add some hidden meaning to her words. Then with a flick of her hair she turned and walked back into the castle. Leaving William standing there with some troubled thoughts running through his mind.

Gwen rolled over with a sigh, the juices of her maid still trickling over her lips and cheeks. When she opened her eyes she could see her own juices smeared across Rachael's face. It was better than last time she thought, but I still need something long and hard to satisfy me.

"Now... you must be off to your duties before you are missed." Gwen's voice was breathy from her excitement and exertion over the past hour.

"Before I go your Majesty, I promised to deliver this message." Reaching into the pile of clothes next to the bed, Rachael removed the note Meric gave her that morning.

Gwen's eyes widened as she quickly scanned the writing. Looking over at Rachael as she was getting dressed, Gwen wondered if her maid cum recent lover knew what the note was about.

"So who gave this to you?"

"Meric, your Majesty."

"Oh? And do you know what it is about?" the queen asked.

"Only what he told me, your Majesty." Rachael had finished dressing by this time and began picking up the queen's clothes to start dressing Gwen.

"Oh? And just what did he tell you?" The question was slightly muffled as Rachael was pulling her shift down over her head.

"That he asked you to meet him at the gazebo in the maze two hours before sunset."

"And that is all?"

"Yes, your Majesty."

"Very well, you may go now." Gwen finished up her last couple of buttons herself as she said this. Thoughts of Meric's cock running through her mind, she quickly set about getting things ready for the meeting. She only had three hours until the appointed time.

At three hours before sunset, Megan was sitting on a bench underneath the gazebo. Lounging more than sitting really, leaned back on her right hand, the other idly roaming her own body. Her left foot up on the bench; calf, knee, and a good portion of thigh showing from under her dress. The low cut and unlaced collar showed a vast expansion of cleavage to good advantage.

This was the scene that greeted Rachael as she came around the corner from the maze. The look of lazy lust on Megan's face fired up her own. Her breathy gasp caused Megan to look up. When their eyes met the lazy lust was replace by pure wanton desire.

With hastened steps Rachael moved to the bench as Megan was rising. Their lips met in a deep passionate kiss. Tongues dueling between their parted lips. Hands drifted across each other's bodies, fingertips moving lightly over the single layer of cloth they both decided to wear. Low moans escaped both of them as their hands moved to the other's nipples, pinching and tweaking through the clothing. Megan moved first, breaking the kiss and moving her hands to Rachael's shoulders. In one swift move she jerked the top of the blouse down, trapping Rachael's arms at her side and baring her breasts to Megan's hungry mouth.

Rachael threw her head back and let loose another moan as Megan's lips, tongue, and then teeth teased and aroused her nipples to a surprising hardness. Back and forth she moved, leaving trails of wetness dripping from Rachael's heaving chest. Then is a deft maneuver, Megan twirled Rachael around, set her down on the bench and had the hem of her dress up around her waist. Rachael's new position provided Megan with full access to her now dripping pussy.

The sweet aroma of arousal sent Megan's own lust to further heights. Without any more foreplay, Megan attacked Rachael's pussy. Tongue moving in rapid fire strokes, fingers probing and penetrating, lips tugging and pulling, Megan quickly pushed Rachael over the edge. Rachael's release was short but powerful, juices gushing out all over Megan's face. The orgasm rolled through her body, causing her to clench her thighs around Megan's head. When the tremors subsided in Rachael's legs, she released Megan's head and settled back on the bench. Once released, Megan moved up to once again kiss Rachael. This time sharing the taste of Rachael's essence.

"Thank you," Rachael moaned, still feeling some of the effects of the orgasm.

"You are welcome, but we are not done yet," Megan replied. A wicked grin crossed her lips, "My turn now and you better hurry, you only have about half an hour before the rest of the guests start to arrive."

At two and a half hours before sunset, William was about to round the corner to the gazebo when he heard some noises. One was a low breathy moan, a sound he had recently become acquainted with. It was a sound that brought to mind his time spent with Rachael. The other sound also brought images to mind, but they were not clear or fully formed. It could only be described as a wet sound. Both sounds and the images of Rachael brought a fiery lust to life in his loins. He decided to peek around the corner before announcing his presence. The sight that met his eyes rendered him speechless and hard as stone.

First thing he saw was Megan lying back on the bench beneath the gazebo, naked. Her red hair spilled over the end of the bench, her large breasts held up with her hands as she pinched and played with her hard nipples. Her creamy white thighs, glowing in the the light of the falling sun, were spread wide. An equally naked Rachael knelt on the ground between them, her head buried in the fork of Megan's legs.

From his slightly off center angle, William could see Megan in all her glory. He could also see Rachael's upturned ass with her full pouty lips peeking between her thighs. Of the action at Megan's fork, he could see nothing, Megan's thighs and Rachael's long dark hair covered the scene. The wet sounds he had heard were from behind Rachael's curtain of hair.

William found himself stroking his rod through the fabric of his breeches. He didn't know what he should do in this situation, but he knew that wild horses could not have dragged him from this spot. With his eyes roving over her body constantly, it took him a few moments to realize that Megan was looking right at him. When their eyes met, she closed one in a sultry wink. Then her gaze moved down to the obvious bulge in his breeches. Her dainty red tongue appeared between her lips as she licked them in a sensual way. Remembering his night with Rachael, William suddenly knew just what he wanted to do.

Quickly undoing his ties, he walked over to the bench to stand at Megan's head. Her hands came up to grasp his cock. With a forceful tug she drew him down until she could swallow it. The warm wet feeling engulfing his cock sent William's mind whirling. But not enough to make him forget what was going on at the other end of the bench.

From his new position he was able to see Megan's fiery red bush, and some of Rachael's actions. Most were still hidden by the curtain of hair. What he could see almost drove him over the edge right then. Rachael's tongue, the same one she had used on him, was now moving between Megan's nether lips, long flat strokes with lighting jabs to her clit on the up stroke, and deep thrusts into her hole on the down.

The sight distracted him from what was happening to his own cock until Megan's other hand moved up and began to massage his nuts. The was the final straw. With a low grunt, he thrust himself deep into Megan's mouth as he felt his seed spew out the tip. She swallowed the first blast because she didn't have much choice, but she then quickly removed his cock from her lips, and still stroking him, aimed for her tits, belly and thighs.

William surprised himself with several more blast as Megan stroked him through his orgasm. He gazed at her cream covered breasts. Following the trail of his seed down her stomach and over her thighs, he found himself staring into Rachael's horrified eyes. In the instant their eyes met, William noticed the shiny wetness on her face and even a splash of his cum on her cheek. The sight caused his cock to stir even this soon after his release.

"M-M-M-My Lord I wa... mphalll." The rest of what she was going to say was lost as Megan calmly grabbed the back of her head and shoved her back into her pussy.

"Hush wench, and finish what I told you to do." Megan's voice had a stern note to it as she continued to hold Rachael's head in her crotch. "As you can see I am taking care of his Highness's needs, you just take care of mine."

Once she felt Rachael start to lick and suck once more, Megan moved her left hand to join her right that was still holding William's cock.

"Now, you are a young man, I am sure we can get this back into a shape to play with." So saying she returned his cock back into her mouth, licking and sucking him deep. Even with his recent orgasm her talented mouth had him hard and throbbing in a few minutes. When she was satisfied with her work she removed him from her mouth and pointed him towards Rachael's kneeling back end. Go she mouthed to him, she needs you more than I do right now. With that she settled back down on the bench with a moan. 

With cock in hand he shuffled around behind Rachael. Ignoring the small stones that form the paths throughout the maze, he knelt. Placing his knees outside of her legs, he guided his cock-head to her wet lips. Once he had it lined up nicely, he grabbed her hips and in one smooth thrust buried himself balls deep. The impact of his thighs against her ass cheeks forced her head deeper into Megan's pussy. This caused a small orgasm in Megan, one of many Rachael had given her. Then William began to rock in and out.

Rachael was in heaven. Once again she found herself between a cock and a pussy. The sweet tangy taste on her tongue and the hard thrusting velvet in her love canal was sending her to dizzying heights. She too began to rock, thrusting herself back onto William's cock, then move forward to plunge her tongue into Megan's creamy pussy.

Rachael's renewed efforts soon sent Megan on her biggest orgasm of the day. Waves of pleasure rolled throughout her body. Nipples tingling, breath quickening, stomach fluttering as the sensations rocked her body. As she was coming down from her high, she realized she was being watched. Opening her eyes she quickly saw Gwen peeking around the hedge of the maze, watching the three of them in their passion. Giving no notice that she had spotted the Queen, Megan setup, moved out from under Rachael's mouth and leaned in to whisper to her.

"Thank you dear, I enjoyed our last time together. Now stay here and let this strapping young prince ravish you senseless." With a parting kiss on the cheek, she picked up her dress and moved down a different path from Gwen. Not bothering to dress she moved on into the maze for the next part of their plan.

Gwen stood on the path to the gazebo with emotions warring through her head. One one had she was shocked and confused to see her youngest son go from thrusting into the redheaded visitor's mouth to thrusting into the maid's pussy. On the other hand was a rising lust from hearing Megan get off on Rachael's well known tongue, as well as watching her not so little boy obviously pleasing Rachael. Then there was the guilt and disgust as she realized she was getting horny watching her own son. As if with a mind of its own her had drifted down to a slit in the side of her diaphanous dress and into her moist bush. She closed her eyes as her fingers quickly found her clit and set off a small orgasm. A cry of pleasure made her open her eyes.

She quickly noticed that Megan was gone, it was just her son and the maid. He now had Rachael laying flat on the bench as he continued to thrust into her from a higher position. The sight of his cock thrusting down between her tightly pressed thighs brought back the memory of Rachael taking Meric's cock in her ass. Gwen watched as William continued to pound Rachael, his thick pole seeming to disappear between her ass cheeks; though the shiny slickness betrayed which hole it was actually filling.

She didn't know how long she stood there and watched her son pound her maid, but she worked herself to several orgasms. As she was coming down from her latest one she felt hands grab her shoulders and heard a voice whisper into her ear.

"I am glad to see you are on time. Did this little show get you worked up and wanting some action of your own?" She recognized Meric's voice as he set his chin on her left shoulder, nuzzling her neck and cheek.

"Gods yes," she whispered hoarsely as she leaned back against his strong chest. She felt his hands move down her arms, slowly covering her hands with his own. He then gently moved them aside as he took over stroking her clit and lips. As soon as he did not she moved her hand up and inside to her nipples. With a few rough pinches she was able to set off another orgasm.

"Lets go somewhere more private so that I can satisfy your growing needs." Meric picked her up, threw her over his shoulder and carried her to the vine covered grotto.

Megan watched as King Brent strolled out of the castle door and into the maze. Moving quietly and stealthily she followed him. Sticking to the deepening shadows she waited until he was out of sight from the castle before moving up behind him and wrapping him up in a titty crushing hug.

Brent was surprised to feel the slim but strong arms wrap around him, and two hard points press into his back. He grabbed onto a wrist and with a quick tug and twist found himself face to face with Megan. A flushed naked Megan. The two hard points digging into his back were her nipples that topped milky white breasts that glowed almost golden in the fading light. Her red hair looked like a bonfire as it caught the last rays of the sun. The bush at her fork, on the other hand, was a collection of shadows, hiding the sticky treasure he wanted most. Rising up to her tiptoes, she gave him a brief kiss on the lips, then spun away to race into the shadows and deeper into the maze.

Brent hesitated only a second before leaping into pursuit. Even with his long legs and loping run, he could not seem to catch her. She was always disappearing around a corner or fading into the darkness. Then as he came into a patch of light, he found himself at the vine covered grotto that was the site of their first meeting. Suddenly darkness covered his eyes as he felt a piece of cloth pulled tight around his head. He reached up to move it when he heard Megan's voice.

"No, don't touch it. I have something very special planned for you but you must stay blindfolded."

He then felt her take his arm and guide him forward. As king, Brent was used to being in charge at all times. This surrendering to Megan's wishes was new. He felt the vines part as he entered the grotto, then his knees hit the edge of the bench placed inside.

"Ok, I am going to lay back, and put your pleasure sword and the entrance to my sheath. When I tell you I want you to give it to me hard and fast. Pound me with that royal staff." He felt his breeches being undone and then his stiff cock was placed against soft wet pussy lips. "NOW!! Please your Majesty, shove it in hard and fast. I want to feel every inch of it deep inside of me." At the sound of those words Brent had no choice but to thrust forward into a tight, hot, and wet pussy. He felt his balls slap against her pussy lips as he bottomed out in her. His hands moved up to grasp her fleshy globes as he began to move, sliding his dick from crown to base inside this beautiful redheaded stranger.
