 Dante ran to the man and jumped into his arms. He lifted her up like she weighed nothing. Frowning Albel cleared his throat. 

"Oh Albel this is my Master Nero," Dante said. 

"Nice to meet you," Albel said. 

Nero did not let go of Dante. He looked at Albel and frowned. 

"You came here for that?" Nero asked. 

"I told you how I felt Master," Dante said. 

"You should come home," Nero said smiling. 

He was a good-looking boy with silver hair. He looked only about two years older then Albel was. He was built in all the right places and had a smile to die for. He was also slightly taller then Albel standing at about 6'2. Dante fit perfectly into his arms. 

"Aren't you kind of young to be a Master?" Albel asked. 

"Age does not matter when you have the power I do," Nero said. 

"Ummm . . . please Master let me go," Dante said. 

Shocked at her words Nero let her go. Dante walked over to Albel and looked into his eyes. 

"I'm sorry I did not know he was coming," Dante said. 

"It's ok I'm used to unwanted guests," Albel said glaring at Nero. 

"You are the one who is unwanted. You and this pathetic war if it was not for you Dante would be my wife right now," Nero yelled. 

"How dare you talk to me like this. Remember you are in my kingdom!" Albel shouted. 

"I do not care if I am in your kingdom. You have taken the woman I love away from me and I'll do anything to get her back," Nero said. 

"Will both of you stop! I AM NOT A PRIZE TO BE WON!!" Dante screamed. 

"I didn't mean it like that Dante," Nero said. 

"Nor did I," Albel said taking her hand. 

Dante sighed and looked at Nero. When she left he had been furious. He confessed his love for her and proposed marriage and the first thing she did was think of Albel. She had been training with him for ten years and he had loved her from the moment he saw her. The next day she was gone and Nero was heartbroken. 

"I couldn't let you go Dante. I love you too much to lose you to a man who doesn't," Nero said looking into her eyes. 

"How dare you say I don't love her," Albel began but was interrupted by Nero. 

"You say you love her but I can see in your heart that you don't. You only want her for her looks," Nero yelled. 

"That is not true she is my best friend and I have always loved her," Albel screamed at him drawing his sword. 

Nero smiled and drew a line in the air. From this line a sword was created. Dante gasped at what was happening. She stood between both of them before they could attack each other. 

"Stop this foolishness," Dante screamed. 

"Stand aside now!" Nero said . 

"Dante please I do not want to hurt you," Albel said looking down at her. 

"I don't want to see you hurt Albel he is strong too strong. Why do you think he is my Master?" Dante said hugging him and laying her head on his chest. 

"Then let me protect you from him," Albel said dropping his sword and hugging her close. 

"I do not need protecting," Dante said. 

Nero looked at them and got red. He did not want another man to touch her. She was his. 

"STAND ASIDE!" Nero yelled. 

"No you stand ASIDE. Leave this place. I told you where I stand so if you forgot I stand right here beside Albel now and forever!" Dante screamed. 

Nero looked at her and then at the door as the tiny fairy came flying in. Lava saw the tension between the three people in the room was high. 

"Master how are you?" Lava said sitting on his shoulder. 

"She is defying me Lava," Nero said. 

"Master no disrespect but you knew where her heart lied when you met her," Lava said. 

"You are right . . . Then I guess that I will be going on my way," Nero said bowing. 

"I am sorry Master," Dante said bowing to him. 

"How can you choose him?" Nero said looking down. 

"I have always loved him. You knew that when we first met." 

"I thought your feelings had changed in the years we spent together." 

"I thought they did but they did not. I love Albel and there is nothing that will make me stop loving him," Dante said looking at him. 

"Lava take care of her. And Albel be sure that this will not be the last you see of me. I shall return and if I have to kill you to get her back then so be it," Nero said 

"Master NO don't say that," Dante said clutching Albel. 

"I mean it Dante I will kill him the next time we meet," Nero said. 

"Then I'm sorry Nero I will have to kill you first," Dante said. 

Nero gasped. She had never called him by his name in the years that they spent together. She was serious and he knew he would have to fight her to get to Albel. 

"I do not want to hurt you. Do not get in my way." Nero said leaving the room. 

"DANTE WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM," Lava screamed. 

"I won't let him get his way," Dante said. 

"He's your Master," Lava said. 

"Not any more. The moment he said he'd hurt Albel is where he stopped being my Master. If I have to I will kill him," Dante said. 

"Dante I don't want you getting involved in this. Let me take care of it," Albel said. 

"He will kill you. I know he will so I won't let him. Besides he will go to the enemy and be on their side," Dante said. 

"So we have no choice but to fight him," Albel said. 

"Yes . . . but I will be the one to fight him." Dante sighed and looked at the door. She was hoping to continue her training after the war was over but now it looked like she would not get the chance. 

"I'm sorry," Albel said looking at her sad but beautiful face. 

"This was my choice. You had nothing to do with it," Dante said standing on her toes and kissing him. 

He kissed her back and held her close. He had her now and he wasn't going to let her go. She rubbed his back and pushed her breast to his chest 

"Should we go now?" Albel asked breaking their kiss. 

"MMMMM yes let's go," Dante said smiling. 

He smiled and took her hand. They walked back to the room and Albel closed the door. Lava smiled and knew that this was what he wanted so he just flew away to do something else. 

Albel continued to kiss Dante and removed her dress again. She did not put on her undergarments so she was automatically nude. He smiled at the site of her and lay her on the bed. He laid on top of her and started to kiss her neck. Dante moved her hands to the top of his pants and started to unbutton them. 

"Is that what you want?" Albel asked sitting up 

"Yes that is exactly what I want," Dante said pulling his pants and boxers down. 

She smiled at the sight. He was big but not too big. He had to be about seven inches and thick. She smiled and went over to him. He went to sit down but she held him up. Kneeling she took hold of it and guided it to her mouth. She licked the head and looked up at him. He smiled and closed his eyes as she started to suck his shaft. She started slowly, licking and sucking every inch. Finally she got it all in her mouth; deep throating him. Sighing Albel put his hands on the back of her head and played with her hair. Dante started to bob up and down on his cock faster while cupping and messaging his balls. 

"That's enough of that," he said. 

He pulled his cock out of her mouth and picked her up throwing her on the bed. Surprised she looked at him and smiled when he started to climb on top of her. She took hold of his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. While kissing, Albel positioned himself at her entrance and slowly pushed in. 

"Ohhh," she moaned through their kiss. 

Albel pushed the rest of the way into her and moved his head down to suck a nipple into his mouth. Dante moaned as he did this and pushed her hips upwards to feel him even more. Smiling, Albel started to move in and out of her while sucking on her nipples. 

"Faster Albel," she screamed as he bit her nipple harder. 

Not wanting to disappoint her he started to move faster slamming into her with all his might. Screaming Dante grabbed Albel's shoulders and dug her nails into them. Not being faced by the pain in his shoulders he kept on thrusting with all his might. Bending forward Albel kissed Dante until she came. Not slowing up for a second Albel continued to thrust into her until he finally came spurting his load into her. Panting he lay on top of Dante and she held his head. 

"I love you," he said looking up at her. 

"I love you too."

There was a crash outside that made them both jump. 

"What the hell was that?" Albel said running to the window. 

There was fire in the courtyard and the enemy was approaching fast. There was a bang on the door and someone screaming. 

"Sire they are breaking into the castle," a servant said. 

"Get the men ready. I'll be down," Albel said putting his clothes back on. 

"What are we going to do?" Dante asked grabbing her dress. 

"Stay here!" Albel said throwing his shirt over his head and running out of the room. 

To be continued . . .