 A Tale from the Erotic Adventures of Solomon Magus

CHAPTER ONE

"Morgane---wake up! I believe we might be in trouble..."

Even as I shook Morgane the Strong's powerful shoulder to awaken her from sleep, the tall warrior woman's fingers instinctively wrapped themselves around the handle of a longsword that lay on the ground beside her. Like a sleek panther, her muscular body in one smooth motion rose to stand beside me. Well over six feet, Morgane was a good three inches taller than I, but I liked it that way. We'd been together for almost a year now, adventuring with a party that included an elf, a bard and a dwarf; but now, for a time at least, we'd decided to travel the land of Darkwood to see what treasures and adventures we could find.

"What is it?" she asked as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes with her free hand.

But I did not have to elaborate any further. Already she had noticed the band of thirteen or so brigands who had apparently surrounded us as we slept in the heat of the afternoon. We did not think any danger would be even close to approaching us. The territory we were in was relatively free of monsters.

But, apparently, not humans.

Readying her blade, Morgane narrowed her eyes to slits and hissed through her teeth as a warning to the scruffy-looking pirates around us.

But they made no indication that they were going to attack. Even so, I was already preparing a spell to help even the odds if they did, although I was quite sure that Morgane would have been able to handle them all by herself. She was gentle and warm in bed, but a strong and formidable opponent in battle.

"What do you want?" she called out.

None of the men answered. Instead, two of them parted slightly to allow a tall, lithe woman to pass. Even with the patch over her left eye, she was quite attractive. In contrast to Morgane's animal-skin garments, the other woman wore a white blouse with large puffy sleeves, skintight black pants and boots, and carried at least two or three pounds of jewelry in the form of necklaces, rings, brooches and belts. From her side hung a cutlass that, judging from the look of the woman, had seen many a victim's blood along its blade.

"You're strangers in Darkwood," she observed, more a comment than a question.

Morgane nodded. She introduced herself and me, telling the woman of our intentions of finding adventure. But she said nothing of locating treasure, something which all of the pirates before us were probably very keen on getting---at any cost. By the same token, I could almost see Morgane's eyes focusing on the jewelry the pirate woman wore.

"I am called Urika the Corsair," announced the woman, "and these are my men." She waved at the unsavory lot of characters around us and I could tell she was fully in control of them. "Perhaps you would be interested in working for me, too...?"

By now, Urika had ventured close enough for me to catch a whiff of her personal smell which, although it should have stunk as I'm sure the men did, was delightful of scent---reminding me of the fruit of the Blessed Isles.

"...or, at least let us discuss it over dinner in my tent."

"That we will most gladly do," replied Morgane, always one with a good and hungry appetite.

"Then, follow me."

CHAPTER TWO

Oddly enough, it seems that Morgane and I would have inevitably run into Urika's encampment later that day as it was on the route we were taking through Darkwood.

There were five tents altogether and I assumed correctly that Urika dwelt in the one from which hung several brightly-colored flags, apparently stolen, I was later to find out, from some passing caravans.

Once inside, I marveled at the beauty with which the corsair had obviously arranged everything---hanging silks, cushions, braziers, and several small tables. In spite of the fact that she was a pirate, Urika certainly had an eye for decorating.

A light incense wafted through the air and that, plus a hole in the top of the cone-shaped tent, helped dispel the smoke that rose from the burning lamps which helped give a soft light about the place.

It was warm and cozy to be sure.

Urika motioned for us to be seated.

Several moments later, one of Urika's men entered with a sumptuous-looking plate of rare delectables---roasted mountain lizard surrounded by dozens of pan-fried scarlet horned beetles.

The latter, I was quite sure, was not only a delicacy and hard to be obtained in these parts, but, if my memory served me right, was also an aphrodisiac. But of this fact, I was not sure.

"What type of work might you be offering us?" inquired Morgane, always one to ponder on the more mundane aspects of life and thinking, no doubt, about the gold she might be able to earn for her own pocket.

As the man left, Urika handed the warrior woman and me each a goblet of wine. I sniffed it, tasted it slightly, and recognized it as being an apparent selection from the southern vineyards of Valedon.

"First you must help yourself to these victuals. To refuse would do me a great dishonor. Marduk has prepared them with great care. I'm sure you'll find them to your liking and quite liberating to the palate."

Our hostess was indeed a well-spoken and literate woman.

Morgane merely shrugged and grabbed several beetles. I heard the crunch of them between her teeth. Then, never one to bother with table etiquette, she yanked out her knife and sliced off a piece of lizard. It followed the beetles into her mouth. She wiped the resulting juices from her lips with the back of her hand.

Being somewhat more refined, I sampled the lizard first, savouring its delicate taste---for I had not had such meat in a long time---then followed it with several beetles which, although the sound of them could grate on the nerves after awhile, nevertheless had a marvelous sweet-and-sour taste.

"So--the work?" My darling Morgane---such a one-track mind! I shook my head in amusement.

Urika scrunched a beetle, glanced up and down the warrior woman. "Tell me--where did you get such a wonderfully-built body?"

It seemed a rather abrupt change of subject matter, and a very blunt question, but I had noticed Urika had been admiring Morgane's body for some time. It is not uncommon for men to remark on its graceful bulk, but for a woman to say something is quite rare.

"Grew up on a farm," replied Morgane. "When my parents were killed by outlaws, I joined a band of Amazons and they taught me the ways of war." She stuffed another slice of lizard, another beetle into her mouth. "I muffed ebryding aboud dem," she went on. 

Urika cracked a smiled and frowned. "I beg your pardon?"

Morgane swallowed, and then shoved a finger in her mouth to dislodge a beetle leg stuck between her teeth. "Sorry. I said I loved everything about them---the Amazons. Their training, their hunting, their way of life. I misses it sometimes; it'd be nice to go back for awhile."

"I thought they hated men," noted Urika with a slight smile and a sideways glance at me.

Morgane caught the look and grinned at me. She patted my hand and said, "Ah, yes. But Solomon is special to me, aren't you, my dear? After all, I am not totally Amazonian in my ways." She winked at me and I smiled back. She certainly was not.

"Is it true the Amazon women make love to each other?" inquired the corsair.

"Of course. But when it came time to renew the tribe, it was necessary for them to mate with willing males in order for them to become impregnated with child. Baby girls were kept and reared as warriors. Baby boys were tossed aside to die, or some were kept as slaves---but with their legs broken---or else they were given back to their fathers, if they were known."

"Seems rather barbaric to me," observed Urika.

"Only doing what they deemed necessary."

"And you---" continued Urika. "Did you make love to other Amazons?"

"Of course," said Morgane off-handedly. "It was that, or else one sought self-satisfaction in other ways."

"What other ways?"

My body felt a little warm. Perhaps the tent was hot; perhaps it was the effect of the beetles; perhaps it was the conversation.

"Wooden devices in the shape of the male member," answer the warrior woman.

"But isn't that just a replacement for the feel of a man?"

"Of course! But most men---except for my Solomon---don't know what to do with theirs except shove it in and out."

I coughed to clear my throat. 'And what about you?" I asked this of Urika. Since she seemed so interested in Morgane's sexual proclivities, I felt it was only fair to know hers.

Urika lifted herself from the cushions and went to the opening of the tent. She looked out, muttered something to the guard there, then re-entered and began fastening the ties on the door flaps.

"I have not had a man in a long time," she replied to my question. "But I have always wondered what it would be like to make love to another woman."

Morgane and I sat quietly as Urika reached for a small box that lay hidden somewhere in the shadows. She opened it, showed its content to us---a variety of rubies and sparkling gems that immediately caught Morgane's attention. Her eyes widened.

"All this is yours," offered Urika, "if you will love me as you loved an Amazon."

Morgane thought for a moment before she answered. 'For that," she countered. "You can have me and Solomon!"

Urika looked at me, wondering perhaps what I would be like as a lover since I had spoken barely a word all evening. But she came to a decision quickly enough.

"It shall be as you wish."

Morgane looked at me and spoke in her own language, words I understood quite well. Then I gestured at the floor of the tent. Immediately the dirt began to soften beneath the women's feet.

Urika's face twisted into a curious look. "What are you doing?" she asked, trying to pull her feet out of the softening dirt.

"Giving you that which you desire," replied Morgane. At which point, she suddenly reached out, grabbed Urika's blouse and tossed her effortlessly to the ground.

By the time the corsair landed, it had already become mud. She splashed into it and let out a shriek of surprise. But by then Morgane was on top of her and both women wallowed around in the mud in a wrestling match the like of which Urika had never seen before and would probably remember for a long time to come.

But I shall not bore you with details of that, nor of the lovemaking sessions that followed.

CHAPTER THREE

Then again, perhaps I shall.

Relate what happened, of course, and hopefully not bore you.

It was quite evident that although Morgane's tactics had surprised her, Urika enjoyed the mud wrestle. They grasped at each other, slid from each other, tried to hold on, but continued to slip through their holds. Morgane caught Urika's blouse and it shredded easily in her grasp.

Up until then, I had been watching with amusement from my cushion. Then, before I realized what happened, Morgane caught the hem of my wizard's robe and yanked it forward. I flew through the air, hit Urika's legs, and slid up her by until my face came to rest between her two marvelous globes. She giggled and grabbed Morgane's costume. The top came away and my warrior woman's magnificent breasts popped out and covered the back of my head. I struggled to free myself, but to no avail. But women soon had my robe off me. I struggled to escape the mud.

But they caught me by the feet and pulled me back in. I grabbed Urika's boots and tugged them off, one by one. Morgane's strong hands caught her belt and ripped it from its buckle. Then she grabbed Urika's pants and jerked them down.

Urika's white flesh shone momentarily in the soft light before being covered by the warm mud. I tore away Morgane's loincloth. Totally naked, the three of us tousled and writhed together for several long minutes.

When at length we sat down, we stared at each other and laughed at the filthy condition we were all in.

But I was prepared for that.

I stood up and looked around the room. One of the women grasped my member---which by now had become hard---but it slipped from her grasp. Both of them laughed.

"Not now," I reprimanded them. "I need to concentrate."

I found what I was looking for---a small metallic bowl on one of the tables. I put it onto the floor, made some gestures with my hands, and the bowl grew in size until it was big enough to hold the three of us. Then I magically produced some hot water, and, from above, a cascading shower much like a waterfall.

Urika marveled at the sight and laughed. "He's a handy man to have around!" she exclaimed.

"Very handy indeed," replied my warrior woman.

As we climbed into the tub, the waterfall washed the mud from our bodies and filtered over the side where it would magically disappear and be replaced by clean water.

We sat down in the water. Morgane said to Urika, "Lie back."

Urika set her arms on the edge of the tub to brace herself and let her body float gently in the water.

Morgane and I flowed forward, she to one of Urika's breasts and I to the other. Both of us suckled on them, feeling the warmth of the water in our mouths and the hardening of the corsair's nipples.

Then Morgane slid her lips up to Urika's mouth and kissed her solidly. Urika responded by wrapping her arms around Morgane's neck and kissing back. I got behind Urika, kissed her back, and reached round with my hands to fondle and caress both their breasts that were pressed against each other in the water.

I slid underwater, moved down, and parted Urika's legs. Her mound of drenched hair floated gently above the water. I put my tongue out and caressed her tiny bud, then moved slightly and thrust it in and out of her most secret box. I felt her writhing in the water, and a moment later, I saw Morgane's face appear above me. We spread Urika's legs further apart and as my tongue probed Urika's anus, Morgane used her tongue to slide from Urika's throbbing clitoris to the lips of her sex.

My lungs were not nearly as strong as my warrior woman's. As I surfaced for air, Urika rolled over, and Morgane with her, still administering tonguing to the corsair's genitals. Then Urika laid me back and took my hard member full into her mouth, gobbling hungrily upon the length of it as if she had not had such a meal in a long time---which apparently, as she had said earlier, she had not.

When Morgane finally surfaced for air, Urika had jerked several times in the throes of an orgasm. I magically caused the water to drain away, leaving us all still slippery and wet. Morgane knelt down on the floor of the tub and Urika positioned herself on Morgane's back (reaching under to grasp the warrior woman's breasts) and positioning herself so that both their velvet repositories were open to my gaze.

I moved forward, thrust my hardened manhood first in Morgane, pumped for several times, then pulled out and slid into Urika to repeat the motion several times. Then feeling I could not to justice to both women at the same time, I gestured in the air and felt a wooden member very much in the shape of my own, only bigger, form into my hand. Now I muttered the words of the first spell I ever learned---stolen from a book of love spells so long ago---and my member swelled in size to match that of its wooden counterfeit.

Thus, I was able to plunge into one woman with my own rod and the other with my very capable replacement.

In a short time, both women moaned and groaned and shuddered as their bodies came to an orgasm almost simultaneously.

And, when I finally pulled out, Morgane---ever mindful of my own needs---turned and took me in her mouth, sucking diligently upon me, sharing my huge stalk with Urika until, at length, I burst my seed into their faces, Morgane opening her mouth and swallowing it as she had done the lizard and beetles earlier in the evening.

Suffice it to say that Urika the Corsair was indeed most grateful for everything we did. True to her word, she gave us the contents of the treasure box and a standing invitation to return and spend more time with her at her encampment the next time we passed this way.

Invariably we would.

But for the moment, Morgane and I would press onwards through Darkwood, seeking still further adventures and still more treasures---of whatever kind they might be.