 Rachael balanced the tray carefully as she knocked on the door. What she was about to do turned her on as much as what she had already done today. While she waited for the door to open, her mind drifted back to the wondrous afternoon spent with the Queen.

"So, my little pleasure giver, does my pussy taste better than Megan's?"

Those words had sent two powerfully but completely different feelings racing through her body. The first was fear of what the Queen would do to her for her behavior with Megan and Meric. The second was pure undiluted lust at the thought of the Queen watching what she did, and confirmation that she had deliberately been seduced this afternoon.

"Well, I am waiting."

Rachael looked into Gwen's eyes. Saw the passion building again.

"You taste... different. You are sweeter, but not ... as wet... as juicy. When Megan climaxes she soaks herself, me, and the bedcovers."

A thoughtful look crossed Gwen's face. "How did Meric's dick feel in your ass? Or Megan's little metal toy?" she asked.

Rachael set up real quickly. "You were watching BOTH times?" she exclaimed.

"Yes, not much goes on in my castle without my knowing." The Queen had a smug little grin. "Now answer the question, how did they feel?"

"Well... It hurt at first. It felt like I was being split in half with red-hot shaft of metal. But Megan's mouth distracted me from most of it. By the time she had brought me to another orgasm his pole felt good right were it was at."

"And her metal toy?"

"Well that one was cold and smooth. And when I climaxed it was something else for my body to clinch on."

"If you were given a chance would you continue having someone fuck you up there?"

Rachael's face settled into a thoughtful pose. "Yes, with someone who can be gentle yes I would."

The talk of sex and the thought of Gwen watching, as she was ravished had Rachael's blood pumping again. She leaned over and began to kiss Gwen's lips, trailing down to her breasts and placing little butterfly kisses on the Royal Nipples...

The sound of the door opening brought her out of her reprieve and Rachael hastily banished the thoughts of what happened after that to concentrate on the task at hand. 

Prince William stood framed by the doorway with the soft candle light from his room casting his face into shadows.

"Your Highness, your wine as you called for." Rachael offered a quick curtsey while still balancing the tray.

"I don't remember calling for wine, but go ahead and bring it in." William stepped back and let Rachael enter the room. The sitting room stretched the full width his suite of rooms. The back wall contained large windows over looking the Twin's Yard. On the right hand wall were two doors, one leading to his own bathing room, the other to his bedroom. The room was slightly disheveled, as if he had been here all day and not picked up after himself. 

William watched as Rachael set the tray on the table then turn and dropped a deeper curtsey. The arc of her back as she dipped down thrust her breasts out. His eyes fell on her cleavage, then widened in shock. Her laces were almost completely undone, and she was not wearing her breast band. William could see the milky white slopes of her breast and the darker circle of her areolas and nipples. He jerked his eyes away as she straightened.

"Shall I pour you a glass, m'lord?" He had never noticed before how husky Rachael's voice was.

"N-N-No, that is ok. I can do it my self." He stammered.

"Yes, m'lord." She turned to head toward the door and knocked a book off the table. "Sorry about that, m'lord." She then bent to pick it up. 

William watched as she bent at the waist keeping her knees locked. His avid gaze followed the hem of her dress as it climbed higher and higher. Unable to tear his eyes away he watched, as her long legs seemed to take forever to come into view. And then he stifled a gasp; there, in the center of her creamy thighs, was her dark-haired pussy lips, poking out and looking... wet?

Rachael smiled to herself when she heard his quick intake of breath. She knew exactly what he was looking at. She had re-hemmed her dress, making the back shorter by several inches, but not obviously so. The thought of him staring at her dark center had her wet with desire. She could feel it trickling out and down her legs. 

She grabbed the book and straightened up. She turned to place it on the table again and caught a look at his face.

"Your Highness, whatever is the matter?" she asked in an innocent voice. "It looks like you've seen a ... Well I don't know what it looks like you've seen, but you have definitely seen something." She then put a look of mock surprise and anger on her face, and exclaimed in a breathy voice. "MY LORD! Where you looking up my... You were starring at my..." 

"N-No wait, I wasn't starring at..."

"OH, what? Am I not good enough for you to stare at? You're a high and mighty prince why would you want to stare at a lowly maid." Sarcasm practically dripped from her voice as she went on. "I have seen you looking at me when you thought I wouldn't notice. The quick glances in the Great Hall, sweeping your eyes over me as we pass in the corridor. And now this... Tell me the truth you were looking up my dress weren't you?"

William was taken back by Rachael's sudden switch from surprise to offended anger. He then hung his head in shame because through out her entire speech he was looking her over. Watching her exposed cleavage heave with each breath, the fire dancing in her eye.

"Yes," he murmured, "I was looking up your dress, and yes, you are worthy of any man's attention, be he lowly beggar or the High King of the Realms."

"Well, about time you realized that." And with those words stepped up, wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his head down for a deep kiss.

Breaking of the soul kiss, Rachael moved from his lips to his jaw to his neck, leaving a trail of butterfly kisses in her wake. Her slender fingers worked at his shirt laces as she kissed her way down his neck. She stopped long enough to pull his shirt over his head and off. Then she continued to kiss her way down his body. His chest was smooth, almost hairless, skin over muscles toned by sword work. She paused to kiss and nibble his nipples. 

William's breath caught as he felt her teeth graze his suddenly sensitive nipples. A low moan escaped him as she then licked first one then the other. With a small laugh she left his now hard nibs to continue her way down his taunt stomach. A small patch of light blonde hair started just below his navel and disappeared under the waistband of his breeches. 

Rachael stuck her tongue in his navel and then licked and nibbled her way down his happy trail as she undid his breeches and tugged them down to pool at his ankles. This left him standing in nothing but his small-clothes, which bulged in the front from his arousal. Now kneeling in front of him, Rachael placed her mouth over his bulge and began to nibble and suck on it through the cloth. The bulge grew larger and harder under her pleasing actions. After a few minutes of this, Rachael leaned back and with a quick jerk had his small-clothes on the floor with his breeches.

There, bobbing slightly with its release, stood his Royal Staff in all its glory. Rachael took a moment to study it. While not as long as Meric's, by maybe an inch, it was easily thick enough that she would not be able to wrap her fingers around it. She leaned forward and began to place small light kisses on the head, and to swipe her tongue around the shaft. Opening her mouth as wide as she could, she took the head in and applied a little suction as her hands came up and joined the fun. Her right hand came up to grasp the base of his shaft and begin an up and down stroking motion. While her left cupped his swinging nut-sack and started massaging his balls.

Remembering Megan's instructions, Rachael took more of his cock in her mouth and started sliding her lips up and down in time with her right hand. She also started letting her saliva coat his shaft and head making it easier to move her hand up and down his shaft. On her up stroke she sucked in while swirling her tongue around his head. On the down stroke she tightened her lips as hard as she could around his shaft.

William was in heaven. He could not believe the pleasure Rachael was giving him. Her hot wet mouth, her warm strong hand, and her nimble fingers at his balls all worked in unison to bring him to the brink of ecstasy. His breath caught, his stomach tightened and his brain seem to explode as he felt his seed race up his shaft and into her talented mouth. 

Rachael heard him moan and felt his body stiffen. Then his cock seemed to swell even thicker as gobs of his hot cum splattered against the back of her throat. Remembering what Megan told her she quickly started to swallow his thick cream as he continued to flood her mouth with it. Several swallows later she took his rapidly shrinking cock out of her mouth and lapped up the excess cum that had escaped her lips.

"That was incredible," he gasps, trying to catch his breath.

"That, my dear Prince, was only the beginning." Her cum covered lips spread into a roguish smile as she looked up at him from her knees.

Celeste waited nervously for the tap at her door signaling Calvin's arrival. She knew he was not supposed to visit her after dark and without a chaperone either. But it had been so long since their last time together, she just had to hold him. Even though they were betrothed, it still wasn't proper for her to have him in her chambers. Not that she would let anything happen. She fully intended for them to wait until their wedding night. But she missed him so much... A knock on the door brought her out of her circling thoughts. She hurried across the room and cracked open the door. Calvin stood in the pool of light cast by the flickering torch on the opposite wall. 

"Hurry before she comes back out." He whispered, then pushed his way in.

"What do you mean?" Celeste asked.

"I was about to turn into this corridor when I spotted that maid, Rachael, coming from the opposite way bearing a tray. She stopped outside your brother's door. He let her in just now, so I had to hurry to your door."

"What is William doing with the maid in his room at this time of the night?" Celeste's tone was bewildered and slightly offended.

Calvin arched an eyebrow, "Really my dear, he is a young man, and she is easy on the eye."

"HAH, easy on the eye, is she?!" The room chilled a degree with the ice in her voice. "So you have been looking at other girls have you?!?"

"No. How could I with your beauty clouding my mind night and day since we first met?" He stepped up to wrap her in his embrace. "You are the only woman I would ever look at in that way. I swear."

Seemingly mollified she let herself be lead to the couch. Once seated they held hands and kissed and talked about the things they have done while apart. As time passed they talked less and kissed more, until the only sounds heard in the room was their breathing. 

Once she realized that they were no longer talking, Celeste knew they were heading down a road she did not want to travel yet. Breaking of the latest kiss, she stood up.

"Tonight is so beautiful, lets go sit out in the rose garden."

"Sure, my love." Calvin stood and headed toward the door leading to the Twin's Yard.

"I will just get us a blanket to ward off the chill. Meet you on the balcony in just a moment." Celeste then headed toward the door on the left-hand wall that led to her bedroom. Her chambers were the mirror image of her brother's.

The blanket was just a cover for Celeste to check something out. Her bedroom shared a wall with her brother's. Some years ago, the twins had drilled a hole from one room to the other to let them sit and whisper to each other. It was just barely big enough to see through. When they had gotten older Celeste had taken a wall hanging and placed it over the hole. But the last she knew of her brother had done no such thing.

When she entered the room Celeste walked straight to the wall hanging and stepped behind it. There at slightly below eye level was the hole. In their earlier years, their beds were positioned right under the hole so that could talk all night if they wanted too. Now Celeste had to bend down a little to see through it.

With the low lighting and the narrow view it took a few moments for what she saw to resolve itself into a clear picture. Celeste jerked back from the wall with a cry of shock. Then she repositioned her eye to confirm what she saw the first time. On Williams bed were two naked figures. Rachael appeared to be on top of William, riding him. His hands roamed her body, from her shapely ass to her bouncing breasts. Celeste hastily stepped back, grabbed the blanket folded at the foot of her bed, and left. She tried to put the image of what she seen out of her mind as she went outside to meet Calvin.

Hand in hand they walked through the courtyard to the rose garden. They followed the path to the center. Once there they placed the blanket on the ground and leaned back against the bench with their heads resting on the top. Wrapped in the blanket, holding each other they gazed through the branches at the cloudless sky. Watching the stars and the occasional shooting star, they once again settled into a lot of kissing and heavier petting.

Celeste was enjoying the feel of Calvin's hands on her body when the image of Rachael's nude form entered her head. Her brother was up there fucking the maid and here she was letting her soon to be husband only kiss her and feel her on the outside of her clothes. A new feeling swept through her, a pleasant feeling that started in the pit of her stomach and spread out from there. 

Why not do it now she thought, they were going to be married soon anyway... why wait? 

With her decision made, she became more responsive to his hands and lips. Moaning just a little as his fingers moved over her palm sized breasts. 

"Wait" she whisper, pushing his hands away. She quickly undoes her laces and removes her blouse and breast band. "Now touch me... please?"

The moonlight caused her white skin to shine with a silvery glow. Her nipples were dark splotches against her pearly skin. Calvin hesitated before placing his hand on her small pert breasts.

"Are you sure you want this?" he asked in an awed voice. She had always been strict with how far they could go. This was way beyond what she normally allowed. 

"Yes, I want this, I want you, I want it all now. I am tired of waiting."

Celeste could not believe what she was saying. But she had this need inside of her that had to be satisfied; a hunger that had to be fed. A feeling was welling up from the pit of her stomach that cried out to be filled with him, to finally know what it was to be a woman loved. Celeste did not know where this feeling was coming from, but she could not fight it... Did not want to fight; only wanted to be loved right now.

She reached for Calvin's shirt and pulled it up over his head. His hands were roaming her soft flesh, gently squeezing her breasts. His thumbs tweaked her nipples getting them hard and causing little jolts of pleasure to pulse through her body. She reached for the lace-ups of his breeches, only to have him move his lower body back a little out of her reach. Celeste was angry for a moment, but it was swept away when she felt his warm mouth engulf her right tit. As small as it was Calvin was only able to put less than half of it in his mouth. But that was enough. With his teeth grazing her skin and his tongue teasing her nipple, he soon had her moaning loudly with pleasure.

As he mouthed and massaged her breasts she could feel her center melt and start leaking into her small-clothes. Soon she felt his hands roam over her flat tummy heading to the waistband of her skirt. His hand slipped underneath her skirt and small-clothes. Smooth silky skin meet his questing fingers, then the top cleft of her slit. One finger moved along the slit and between the now puffy pussy lips to her wet hole. With a deft twist of his hand, he had one finger in her to the second knuckle and the palm of his hand pressing down on the outside of her clit. His gentle rocking rhythm at her crotch and his warm mouth at her breasts had Celeste reaching heights of pleasure she never knew existed. She could not help but cry out, as her first ever orgasm raced through her body.

William and Rachael lay side by side in William's bed. William still felt amazed at what had happened in the past hour or so...

After taking his cock in her mouth in the main room, she had led him to his bed, laid him down, and proceeded to bring his dick back into readiness. Then she mounted him as if he were a horse, sliding his dick deep into her dripping pussy. She then started a bouncing motion that drove all thoughts out of his head. The only thing he could think about was her touching her body, trying to return some of the pleasure she was giving him. His hands cupped her ass, rubbing and squeezing her soft skin. Then his hands moved up her body to her big breasts. Once there he was at a temporary loss until Rachael's hands joined his. She guided him in massaging her tits and pinching and pulling on her nipples. He soon found the right pressure and rhythm as she started moaning and her body started squirming on his fleshy sword. He could feel her wetness leak out and coat them both as she continued to ride him to her release. He felt her pussy clamp down on his dick as her body spasm its way through an orgasm. That was more than he could take and he began flooding her with his seed.

Now they lay catching their breath. Rachael snuggled up against his side, her hand resting in his crotch; cupping his balls. Rachael sat up suddenly.

"Did you hear that, m'lord?" she asked.

"Hear what?"

"A woman's voice crying out."

"No, I didn't hear anything." So he cocked his head a moment and concentrated on the sounds of the castle. Wait, there it was. Sounded like it was coming from...

"Celeste!"

"What m'lord?" Rachael asked in surprise.

"That sounded like Celeste, come on." He scrambled out of bed, grabbed a blanket to wrap around himself and headed out the door. Rachael trailed behind him with a sheet. She stepped out of the doorway in time to see him walk out onto the balcony. He stood at the rail and beckoned her outside to join him. The cool night air chilled her even through the sheet as she stepped up to the railing of the balcony.

"Wha...?" she began

"Shh, look," he whispered, pointing toward the corner of the yard containing the rose garden.

From this height she was able to see into the center of the rose garden. With the full moon out and without a cloud in the sky, she could clearly see the bench placed there. She could also see what was happening on that bench too.

Celeste lay on the padded bench, beautifully nude in the moonlight, as Calvin crouched over the end of the bench, facing her. This is it, she thought, I will finally get to be a woman. She watched Calvin lift her legs and place her ankles on his shoulders. She then felt the head of his dick press against her swollen pussy lips. With gentle pressure he began to slip his hard cock into her virgin hole. 

The feel of his flesh sliding against her inner walls sent little bolts of pleasure racing up and down her spine. All too soon she felt him bump up against her maidenhood. Calvin stopped moving. He just sat there, letting her get used to the feel of him in her.

"Are you ready, my love?" His voice was husky with desire.

"Yes!" she cried. "Do it now." 

Calvin pulled out a little. Then he grabbed her upper thigh and plunged himself into her. Breaking past the resistance and burying himself into her soft fold to the hilt.
