 Careena lazily dragged herself out of bed; dried cum coated the inside of her thighs. She sighed heavily as she went to the cold basin of water to clean herself up. It had been a week since she had used magic for the first, and so far, only time. She had spent hours trying to reach it again but had continually been unsuccessful. Failing every attempt through conventional means, she had thrown all of her being into her sexual encounters, since that seemed to have been the impetus for her first magical experience.

Over time, with every failure, it had slowly stopped being about trying to reach her magic, and had become more about the enjoyment of sex and having orgasms. She wasn't sure when it had truly changed, but she had to admit to herself that now she used 'discovering her magic' as an excuse to have sex. As a slave she couldn't initiate sex, of course, but she had become very good at enticing the captain into it. Not that the man needed much encouragement, but she was certainly getting it more often from him than before.

When the captain wasn't fucking her, she found herself daydreaming about secretly getting rammed by a couple of the other sailors. It would never happen, of course; the sailors were horny but none of them were stupid enough to risk death for a piece of her pussy.

She finished cleaning herself and then sighed again before leaving the captain's cabin to head up on deck. Hopefully they'd be stopping to trade today. The captain had used her services in negotiations at every port and she enjoyed having different cocks to suck and fuck. He also paid his crew at every stop and most of them saved their coin to purchase time with her. Her first night away from port was her busiest and she looked forward to it. They hadn't gangbanged her again, but she was usually passed from one to another as they paid the captain individually. The first mate, Kieran, had kept his promise and paid for an entire night one time. That had been a most enjoyable experience as well. Her only regret was that Jaco hadn't been able to buy any more of her time.

When she reached the deck what she saw almost made her faint with surprise. The twin spires of Shadarra Palace in Coderra were shining in the distance as the light from the early morning, low hanging sun struck them. In a trance she walked to the ship's rail and stared open-mouthed as a pit of nervousness built in her stomach.

It seemed like it had been so long since her feet had touched the soil of the Trikingdom that she had almost forgotten her purpose for coming aboard the ship. She had avoided Coderra as much as she could before, but as she gazed at it from afar it felt like home.

"Quite a sight, eh slut?" Captain Diedmon said as noticed her at the rail.

She turned toward him with a stunned expression and nodded slowly. "Yes Master," she finally remembered to utter.

"We'll have you in your new home and in the hands of your new master in a few hours," he said with an almost sad expression.

She nodded again in understanding and stumbled back below to the captain's cabin. She went back to the bed to lie down as she sorted through her confused feelings. She wanted desperately to go home, but at the same time she was scared to do so. She had this irrational feeling that everyone would know what she'd done just by looking at her. How could she face her husband or her family after behaving like a slut? Wouldn't it be easier just to stay on the ship so they wouldn't have to be disappointed in her?

She closed her eyes tight to hold back tears. She was just making excuses because a part of her wanted to stay and do nothing but fuck and suck for the rest of her life. She tried to remind herself of her duty to the people of Genoise and the Trikingdom but even that wasn't enough to settle knot in her stomach. Then the image of her husband, Kalas drifted into her conscious and she held it there and studied it in her mind. She thought of him and the way he made her feel. She thought of the gentleness that belied his great size. She reminded herself of why she loved him and that even if he found out about everything that had occurred since she decided to secret herself into Remar, he would find some way to forgive her.

Careena wanted to see him and to hold him, and to do that she was going to have to leave this ship. At that moment she wanted him more than anything else in the world. His face was burned into her mind, and with closed eyes she let the peace of knowing she would see him again wash over her. Her body began to relax and the knot dissipated.

She hadn't even realized she had drifted off to sleep until the sound of the captain entering the cabin woke her up. He stood just within the doorway leering at her naked body. Before, she had enjoyed the stares of him and his men, but now she had an urge to cover herself up. She had to stop and remind herself that she was still playing the part of a Remarian slave girl, if only for a little while.

"We've docked cunt," the captain grumbled. "I've sent one of my men to fetch your buyer. It will take him awhile to get here. I still own you until he does, and we have just enough time for one last fuck." He roughly pulled her towards him so that only her back and head were on the bed. She offered no resistance and did her best to smile invitingly up at him.

She was a little dry at first, but since his cock was on the small side he managed to worm it in. She tried not to enjoy it, but her body quickly betrayed her and soon her cunt was as slippery as ever. He held one of her butt cheeks in each hand as he pounded hard into her, and he slipped a meaty finger in alongside his cock. 

She felt stretched as he kept his finger in for several strokes and gasped with pleasure at the fullness. He suddenly pulled it out and Careena felt the slick digit press against her anus. With all of the butt fucking she had received lately, his finger slipped in easily. His finger was so fat it was almost like another cock fucking her at the same time.

The captain grunted as he felt his finger through the thin membrane of her flesh separating it from his cock. It made her pussy fell that much tighter and greatly added to his pleasure. If this was going to be his last fuck with her, he wanted it to be an experience he would never forget.

It was almost too tight, and he was worried that it would make him cum too soon so he pulled his finger from her ass and pushed it into her mouth. "Taste your slutty ass," he hissed at her as he continued to pound his cock in and out of her. He was holding her ass in one large hand now.

Careena did as ordered and sucked on his finger as if her life depended on it. She treated it like she would a cock and bobbed her head back and forth all the while looking straight into his eyes with lust. She had lost herself in the pleasure of the fuck like she had so often before. Everything else had fled her mind and at that moment she was nothing more than a lust filled vessel. She didn't even care where his finger had been moments before.

The captain found it difficult to keep pounding her hard when he was only holding her up with one hand so he reluctantly pulled his finger from her mouth and gripped her bottom with both hands again. He couldn't resist and his wet finger was pressed back into her anus. He pulled her ass cheeks wide as he violated her back passage with his finger; thrusting it in and out in time with the thrusts of his cock.

Careena let go of everything when she felt her orgasm approaching. She couldn't hold back as it spread like fire across her whole body. Every muscle in her body tensed and her pussy and ass contracted tightly around the captain's penis and finger. Her breath stopped for several seconds and her face and body started to turn red. It felt as though the captain was dragging her soul out of her privates every time his cock and finger retreated.

Captain Diedmon watched and felt her cum and smiled triumphantly. The tip of his cock was tingling, signaling the end for him as well. A few seconds after she settled down, he bellowed in pleasure as he emptied his balls into her wet snatch with a frantic series of thrusts.

Breathing heavily, he pushed her back onto the bed and his prick wetly fell out of her cunt. He leaned against the bed to rest for a moment but there was a pounding at the door he barely heard because of the pounding going on in his head.

He went to the door and opened it with his dick still hanging out of his pants. Careena could see Kieran holding something out to the captain. "This was sent back with Jaco for her. They're sending a carriage which should be here any minute. They said you'll receive payment as soon as she's off the ship," he informed Captain Diedmon.

The captain nodded exhaustedly and took the package and closed the door. He tore it open to reveal a dress, a pair of shoes, and a hooded cloak. "These are for you to put on," he said throwing them next to her on the bed.

Careena hadn't moved from where the captain had left her after he finished but she sat up to inspect the clothing. The quality of the clothing was just a little above what a peasant would wear and there was no undergarments, but considering she had been naked for several weeks she wasn't about to complain.

Captain Diedmon watched her dress with his penis hanging out, dripping the occasional drop of cum on the floor. She could tell he was feeling a bit sad that her time on the ship was coming to an end, and that there was something he wanted to say but was having trouble getting it out.

She was finishing putting on her shoes when he finally spoke. "I'm sorry to see you go Duchess," he said.

Careena looked up at him sharply. "You knew?" she asked in shock. "You knew who I was this whole time?"

"Of course," he replied looking a little sad. "Who else on board this ship would be a better spy than the captain?"

"Then why didn't you let me know before? Why treat me this way?" she asked. For some reason she couldn't fathom she didn't have much anger toward the man. Her questions were more out of curiosity than anything else.

"It had to look real to the crew," he said with a shrug. "Besides, it was more fun this way, wasn't it?" She didn't answer and looked away. "You can't tell me you didn't enjoy yourself," he said. She still gave no answer and he stepped closer to her. She turned back towards him and his exposed cock was right in her face. "Take it and put it in your mouth," he said. "I'll give the order to leave port right now. You don't have to leave Duchess. If you stay I promise you'll get as much cock as you can handle. I'll let you fuck the crew as much as you want. I'll sell your ass up and down the coast as much as you want. Just put it in your mouth."

She looked at his cock hanging in front of her for several heartbeats before she grasped it in one hand. As her fingers closed around it she was unsure of what she was doing. She leaned forward and licked her lips as she smelled the mixture of their sex on his rod. How easy it would be to open her mouth and take it in leaving the world and all its troubles behind. With effort, she took his cock and placed it back inside his pants.

"I'm flattered, captain, by your offer and sorely tempted, but I'm afraid I must decline," she said.

He looked at her with sad eyes and nodded. "I understand," he said quietly. "It was just a dream I had."

She stood and touched him softly on the cheek. "A large part of me wishes I could stay," she told him, "but I have responsibilities, and I love my husband. I want to see and hold him again."

The captain nodded in understanding and Careena thought she could see wetness in his eyes. "If you change your mind, we'll be in port for three more days," he said, "and if you ever need my help just show this coin to any of the port masters along the coast and they will know which direction I've headed."

She took the proffered coin and was surprised at its size and weight. It was nearly the same size as the palm of her hand and felt heavier than a small dagger. As it sat in her hand she could almost feel it pulse with power. She couldn't read the ancient language etched along the edge but she could easily identify the ship and hawk symbol on its face. She looked up at the captain in surprise. "Oh my gods, you're one of the seven!" she exclaimed.

"That I am duchess," he stated matter-of-factly.

She slipped the coin in her pocket without taking her eyes off the captain. "I thought your offer might have been an empty one to get me to stay on board for a while longer, but I see now that you truly could have sheltered me even if the entire Trikingdom had chased after us," she said.

He didn't speak but gave her a wry smile. She had already made her choice so it was of no consequence now. He motioned toward the door, indicating she should walk out and he followed her out of the cabin. Neither spoke as they walked across the deck to the dock. Careena was thinking about the implication of the heavy coin in her pocket. Captain Diedmon was one of the seven pirate lords, a secret that was much larger than the fact that he was a spy for Prince Loqui. She wondered if Loqui knew of the captain's double allegiance and decided it was doubtful. The pirate lords were very secretive and it was likely that none of his men knew who Captain Diedmon truly was.

A nondescript man was waiting on the dock and a carriage was close by. She descended to the dock and the man stepped up and handed Captain Diedmon a heavy pouch of coins. The captain thanked him and then the man escorted Careena to the carriage and helped her inside. She was a little surprised to find Prince Loqui inside the carriage, but she didn't let it show on her face. She took a seat opposite him.

"I hope your trip was pleasant," he said with a sugary smile as he tapped the back of the carriage to get it moving.

Careena frowned at him. She didn't like the man. He bore a striking resemblance to her husband and his brother, but he always seemed insincere and condescending. Anytime she had dealings with him she felt like she needed a warm bath afterward to wash off the oily residue that seemed to seep from every pore of his body.

"It was necessary," she responded a little acidly.

"Did the captain treat you well?" he asked mockingly.

"You know how I was treated, Loqui," she responded levelly. She decided she wasn't going to let him get to her.

The spy prince laughed. "I suppose I do," he said. "I bet the captain's cum is running down your thighs right now. Maybe I should take a look," he laughed as he reached a hand to her knee to try to pry them apart.

She quickly batted his hand away and gave him a stern look. "Keep your filthy hands off of me," she spat feeling her anger begin to boil. She had suffered a lot of indignities the past few weeks and she saw no reason why she should suffer any more.

"You should be a little nicer," Loqui hissed, "or I might have to tell your husband what you've been up to the past few weeks."

"Tell him if you must, and I'll tell him about the ultimatum you just made me," she retorted. "What do you think your cousin will do when he finds out you tried to blackmail me into sex?" She saw the superior expression on Loqui's face change to something akin to fear. The smaller spy had grown up in awe of his much larger cousins. "I have no fear of my husband," she continued, "and am confident he would forgive me. I did what I had to do to avoid a scandal that would have damaged the Trikingdom's relationship with Remar. I didn't do it just to keep my deeds from Kalas."

Loqui leaned back with an angry look on his face. Realizing he had no leverage and not wishing to anger her further he gave it up as a lost cause. He was almost sorry he rescued her at all, but he knew it was best for the Trikingdom that she not be caught in Remar.

Careena wondered why his proposition angered her so much, and yet she had hardly given a second thought to the way Captain Diedmon had used her during the voyage. She decided it had to do with their approach. Loqui tried to coerce her into sex, while the captain had been straightforward about his intentions. She was unsure what her reaction would have been had Loqui suggested trading sex for his aid in getting her home instead of threatening to tell her husband. She knew she now owed him a debt, and she hated owing the man anything.

"If you won't give me the pleasure of your company," he said sourly, "may I ask for a different favor?"

"You may ask," she replied, hoping for a way to repay him that wouldn't cost her too much.

"You and Kalas have done a good job of cleaning up Genoise. It is safe to assume that it will once again become a popular destination for those seeking a specific type of entertainment in the Trikingdom. We run three brothels in Genoise. My father and I would appreciate it if you could recommend them to travelers in your city."

"Certainly," she said. "Any information you gain from loose tongues could help the Trikingdom. Which brothels?"

"The Gentlemen's Rest, Lady Havord's, and The Weeping Beaver," he replied. Careena noted that the first was a high class brothel, the second was more middle class, and the last was a cheap whore house. It made sense; information could be found among all social classes.

"I'll make sure they're quietly recommended to visitors to our city," she assured him. She wondered what he was leaving out because he surely had not revealed all his locations. Every spy must keep some secrets and she worried that what he kept hidden was more important than what he exposed.

They quickly arrived at a nondescript manor in the better part of town. He led her inside where they were greeted by a few servants that Careena supposed were also spies. On a whim, she asked for some parchment and penned a letter inviting Jaco to Genoise to be the resident artist for the Duke and Duchess. She wasn't sure what she would do if he accepted, for he would surely recognize her, but she wanted to spare him the torment he suffered on the ship. She handed it to one of the servants who promised it would be delivered.

Her suspicions about the servants were confirmed when Loqui led her to the basement and a secret passageway that he said ran underneath the entire city. She followed him for what seemed like hours. They took so many twists and turns that she was soon lost and had no idea which way they were headed. Loqui seemed to know exactly where he was and eventually helped her up a ladder and through a trapdoor which led to another basement.

"There's another carriage waiting for you outside waiting to take you wherever you wish to go. There's a driver and a guard, though both men are skilled with the blade and have instructions to protect you at all costs," he told her. She still thought he seemed a little smug, but thanked him anyway and went out to the waiting carriage. She instructed the driver to take her to DuGuerra; she wanted to be there when her husband returned, and she wished to speak with her brother.

She arrived in DuGuerra three days later in the early morning. She had her escort drop her off a short distance from the palace so that she could attempt to enter stealthily. She was surprised at how easily overlooked she was as she shuffled in through one of the servants' entrances with a group of maids. As soon as she managed to get alone in a corner she lowered her hood and boldly walked to her brother's study.

The guards recognized her, and if they were surprised at her appearance they didn't let it show. Her brother was inside as he usually was early in the morning. He was definitely surprised to see her since he expected her to return in her disguised form on the same ship as her husband.

"I assume everything didn't go as planned," he stated.

She threw herself dramatically on a couch near him. "Of course it didn't'," she said. "Nothing ever goes as planned." Over the next hour she related her entire experience from beginning to end. She glossed over some of the more extreme sexual encounters she had and left out her enjoyment of them. She described as best she could her experience with magic and asked his opinion on how she could repeat it.
