 Careena nearly ran to her brother's study after she had been summoned. She had been in DuGuerra for nearly half a day was a little upset at being made to wait for so long. At least she had been able to spend the time with Kalas's older sister, Elise, whom she considered to be one of her closest friends. She knew her brother was busy; he was not only king of DuGuerra but the arch-mage as well, so she understood the need to make her wait, even though she had told him when she would be arriving a few weeks ago.

She was on her way to Lesquia to meet with Queen Islan and Princess Trian to finish the final part of the agreement she made with King Bromen. She couldn't wait to have this last marriage arrangement signed and finalized.

Thinking about the last one made her revisit the last one, and its aftermath, in her mind. She still couldn't believe that her husband had said it was all right for them to have sex with other people if it furthered the interests of the Trikingdom. She vowed, however, that from then on it would always be on her terms; she would never be forced into it again.

In order to ensure that, she first had to get rid of the succubus trying to possess her. As long as the specter of being possessed by the demon hung over her, she would never feel like she was completely free to do as she pleased. She also wanted a companion to accompany her when Kalas could not, so that she was never caught unaware like she had been in Daarkscrag, but that would have to wait until she found someone she could trust.

Careena was going to Lesquia on her own, and it worried her. Kalas's presence would only be disruptive, however. Men were considered second class citizens in Lesquia with no authority or power, so he would not have even been allowed to participate in the negotiations.

The trip had given her an excuse to visit DuGuerra and have her brother rid her of her succubus problem. She entered her brother's study without knocking, and threw her arms around him.

"Careena!" he cried. "I missed you, little sister. I was alarmed to hear about problem."

"I missed you too," she said, breaking the hug. "I've been all right. Seline gave me this medallion that's kept the demon at bay, but I would like to get rid of it once and for all."

Lastel placed a hand on her forehead and closed his eyes in concentration. "I'm not detecting any demon," he said, "but I definitely feel a presence."

"Then what is it?" Careena asked a little distressed.

"It's a spirit," he replied his eyes still closed, "a very powerful one." He opened his eyes and removed his hand. "It hasn't gained its full strength or it is very likely you'd already be lost, despite that medallion."

"Can you banish it?" she asked, alarmed.

"Yes, but if you had waited any longer I might not have been," he replied. "I'm going to surround you with a barrier, and then have you take off the medallion. The same magic in the medallion that blocks the spirit will keep me from sending it away."

Careena nodded in understanding. Lastel took several steps back from her and closed his eyes. His hands moved in a blur as wall of light surrounded her. "Remove the medallion," he said, his eyes still closed. Careena quickly took it off and she almost fell to the ground as everything around her seemed to swirl. When her head cleared she saw her brother starting another spell in front of her.

She tried to walk to him, but she ran into something solid. "Lastel, let me out, I need to show you something," she said eagerly. He ignored her. "Please, Lastel let me out, please!" Even though his eyes were open she could tell they weren't focused on her. "I need you, Lastel, right now!" she pleaded. "Don't do this, Lastel. Let me out, and we can have some fun. Have you ever wanted to fuck your little sister? You can, you know. You can fuck me. Just let me out."

Lastel ignored his sister's ravings as he struggled with the spirit invading her body. He couldn't let her pleading become a distraction or they could both be lost. "I'll even get on my knees," she said kneeling on the stone floor, "and suck your cock." She shoved two of her fingers into her mouth to simulate for him. She made loud gagging noises to try to get his attention but his concentration never wavered. When she pulled her fingers out, thick saliva coated them and trailed from her lips. "Wouldn't it be nice to have your little sister suck your big dick?"

She became angry when he didn't respond. She got back to her feet and held her hands out in front of her. She was completely surprised when streams of fire shot from them and struck the barrier he had erected. The magical wall shimmered and bent, but it held. Frustrated, she tried again. She could see the barrier weakening with each blast.

Seconds later, before she could attempt what she was certain to be the last blast needed, her head began pounding with pain. She crumpled to the ground in pain, and began pulling on her hair. Tears streamed freely from her eyes and her mouth opened in a soundless cry. Just when she thought her head would explode from the pain, it vanished, and for the first time in the months since her marriage, her head felt clear. She remembered what she had just done and said to her brother, and blushed.

Lastel studied her a moment and then waved one hand her direction. The wall of light fell away and Careena was able to move over to him. "Is it gone for good?" she asked.

"Yes, now that it has been expelled it cannot return through you," he said. "It will need to find another host, or restore its own corporeal form."

"Thank you, Lastel. I fell as if a big weight has been lifted from my shoulders," she said as she gave him another hug.

"You're welcome, little sister," he said as he hugged her back. "Now, I have to get back to work. The spirit that inhabited you has me concerned a little. I must go to the archives to see if I can determine whose spirit it was. It obviously belonged to a very powerful magic user, and judging from your behavior, a malevolent one."

She nodded in agreement, and then turned to let him study. "One more thing," he said, stopping her. "There is no question, now, that you have magic," he told her. "The spirit could not have used magic, unless you possessed it, which is probably why it chose you. You possess magic, but for some reason are unable to use it. That made you an easy target for it."

Careena thought about her brother's words as she walked back to meet the queen. She had just accomplished the first task on her list, but she was going to have to add one more. She would have to learn how to overcome whatever was blocking her from using her magic, and then train in its use.

***

Careena arrived in Lesquia a few days later. In stark contrast to her arrival in Daarkscrag, no one important was waiting to meet her. Instead, Queen Islan sent one of her court functionaries to greet her and show her room. There was no tour, no offer of food, nothing. Careena realized Islan was using this as a ploy, and there was nothing she could do until the second part came into play.

Since she was alone, she grabbed one of the candles in the room, and kneeled on the floor. At least she could put this time to use. Before she left DuGuerra, she had learned some exercises from her brother to try and awaken her latent magic.

She concentrated on the candle, trying to light it for several hours. One time, when she opened her eyes she thought she saw a wisp of smoke, but she couldn't be sure. Lastel had thought that fire might be the easiest for her to try, since that is what the spirit inside her used. He had reiterated to her, that whatever was blocking her magic was inside her own mind and that no one else could help her get past it.

Finally, just when she thought she would gouge her eyes out from peeking at the candle and seeing it still unlit, she was summoned to lunch with Queen Islan. She was escorted to a balcony off the queen's study. Queen Islan was already seated and smiled warmly as she entered.

"Duchess Galin, please, sit down." The tone of her voice was that of a motherly woman and Careena felt herself immediately at ease.

"Thank you, Your Highness," she responded, "but please, call me Careena."

"I agree all these titles can be quite cumbersome. You may call me Islan," the queen responded.

While Islan sounded motherly, she looked anything but. She was a tall lean woman whose looks reminded Careena of the courtesans she saw all over Kennai Palace. She remembered King Bromen's description of the woman and thought that his perception of her was probably tainted because she rebuffed his advances.

"I would like to apologize for King Bromen's behavior at the last negotiations," Careena said, taking a chance. "I assure you, his attitude does not reflect the Trikingdom as a whole."

"I'm surprised you know about that," Islan said, levelly. "I assumed Bromen wouldn't brag about his failure."

"I'm sorry if I embarrassed you," Careena said, "but King Bromen likes to talk, and complain. He blames you for his failure and refuses to see how he was wrong."

"I see," the queen said thoughtfully. "Then I assume he called me a few 'colorful' names."

"Yes," Careena said, nodding, "but like I said, his views are not shared by everyone else."

"Then I hope to have more pleasant negotiations with you than I did with him. The man is simply a brutish pig," Islan remarked.

"While it may be traitorous for me to agree, I do," Careena said with a laugh. "I avoid him if at all possible. Sometimes it's hard for me to imagine that he's my husband's father. Their personalities are nothing alike."

"Yes, that is what I had heard, which is why I agreed to the marriage arrangement with my daughter, Trian," the queen said. "I'm afraid what I've heard of your Prince Loqui doesn't suggest he would be a suitable match."

Careena was aware of Loqui's reputation. He had earned it as an agent in his father's service, and Careena herself had seen the way he was with women. Before she married Kalas, Loqui had propositioned her several times. She was never interested in him; his entire persona appeared a façade. She understood the queen's reluctance to marry her daughter to Loqui, but she had to convince her.

"The match with Loqui would be much better for your daughter. She would be queen of Coderra, and have great influence in the entire Trikingdom," Careena argued.

"I question how much power and influence she would have in your kingdom. It is your custom to have men rule and women serve in a supportive role. Your firstborn are always male and they inherit rule, while the females serve to solidify your alliances," Islan said. Despite the harshness of her words, they were not said in anger, simply stated as fact.

Careena wanted to disagree, but found it difficult. The queen was right about their succession practices, but in most cases the women were more than just bargaining pieces. She was such an example; she and Kalas ruled Genoise as equal partners.

"In truth, most men would behave as King Bromen if given the chance," the queen continued. "That is why we don't allow our men to have any power. We women think, and use the men as tools accordingly," she said. "Take that man over there," she said, pointing to one of her guards. "He has been trained and instructed to protect my person. He is happy to have a clear objective at all times. If he had to think about what he had to do he would be confused and angry, and given too much freedom he might lash out and attack innocent people."

Careena looked at the man in question, and he did indeed look like a hulking brute, but she knew not to judge by his appearance. With proper access to all manner of learning, she supposed that he could have turned out similar to her husband.

"You think that he could be nothing more?" Careena asked.

"Of course not," the queen replied. "Don't get me wrong, I love him, he is my son, but I know his limitations."

Careena looked at the man again, and for the first time noticed his resemblance to the queen. If the woman could treat her own son in this manner, then she doubted she would be able to sway her opinion. It mattered little to Careena, she wasn't here to change the way of life for Queen Islan's people, just negotiate a marriage to strengthen the ties between their two kingdoms.

"Then why agree to the marriage between Trian and Kalas at all?" Careena asked. "You have to know that Kalas is not like the men of Lesquia."

"I know, and it troubled me at first. But he is a paladin, and they are not like other men. I know he would adhere to our customs and not force my daughter to do some of the base acts that men enjoy," the queen said.

"What 'base' acts are you referring to?" Careena asked. She thought she knew the answer, but had to be sure.

"Sex for anything other than procreation," the queen said. "In Lesquia, we only have intercourse with our males when we need them to give us children, preferably in the presence of our mothers or trusted friend to insure that the male doesn't get out of hand."

"So you would have watched Kalas and Trian...?" Careena asked, shocked.

"Of course, just as I watched my eldest daughter and her husband," the queen said matter of factly.

"Isn't that awkward?" Careena asked.

"Not in the least," the queen said. "But that is another reason I have doubts about this new arrangement. Trian would move away to Coderra, and I would be unable to make sure she was not abused by Loqui."

Careena was beginning to doubt whether this was a good arrangement as well. Loqui would never agree to these conditions and would undoubtedly try at every turn to 'abuse' Trian. "Perhaps you could send someone with her, a maid, who could insure that your concerns are met," she suggested.

"That would be impractical, and you now as well as I that she would be unable to enforce anything," the queen said. "No, if I am going to agree to this arrangement, then I will be condemning my daughter to a life of subjugation to the lusts of a man."

"If that is the way you feel then I don't think we will be able to come to an agreement," the duchess said, sadly, seeing her own marriage slipping away.

"Oh, my dear, you misunderstand me," the queen said, patting her arm. "I never said I wouldn't agree to the marriage, I just need you to understand what I will be giving up."

Careena understood what Islan was trying to accomplish. She wondered how much any of that really mattered to the queen and Princess Trian. She doubted she could any information out of Islan, but perhaps the less experienced Trian would be more forthcoming.

"May I ask where Princess Trian is now?" Careena asked suddenly.

"She is studying," the queen said. "She will join us later, but she will not be participating in the negotiations. I don't want her to hear descriptions of what her life will be like. I would like to tell her in private, after you're gone."

"Surely she realizes the rest of the world is ... different than Lesquia," Careena said.

"Yes, but she doesn't know to what extent," Islan responded.

"What do you want?" Careena asked, boldly.

"Pardon?" the queen said.

"In exchange for your daughter. I see no reason why we should mince words with one another. What do you want?"

Queen Islan smiled. "Straight to the point then. King Bromen and I already negotiated a mutually beneficial military alliance, which I would like to apply to this new arrangement." Careena had read the previous agreement. Simply put each kingdom would come to the other's aid if either were attacked. It was more of a concession on the Trikingdom's part since Lesquia was more likely to be a target of some upstart's army, but it didn't hurt to agree to that. "I would also like to have representation in King Bromen's court."

Careena guessed this was something she asked for in the previous agreement, but was unable to achieve. "To observe only," Careena told her. "We will grant you an ambassador, but she will have no sway in Trikingdom matters."

It was easy for Queen Islan to agree. She only wanted a spy in King Bromen's court anyway. They negotiated a few more minor points for another hour before Princess Trian joined them. Trian looked like a younger version of her mother; dark hair, dark eyes, sensual lips, and a body that rivaled her own. Careena thought it was a shame that they didn't have different attitudes about men; any man would definitely find the princess attractive. Trian turned out to be very pleasant, and Careena liked her a great deal. Despite being the same age, she felt older than the princess; she hadn't realized how much marriage had aged her emotionally.

The queen saw how well the young duchess and princess were getting on, and decided to excuse herself to handle other matters, while they went for a walk around the palace grounds.

"I must confess that I was quite upset when I found out that Kalas had broken our arrangement so that he could marry you," the princess said as they slowly walked through the garden. They were so engrossed in their conversation that neither one was paying attention to the beauty around them. "I met him once, when we were still children, and was surprised at his intelligence and kind nature. I was hoping to get to know him better."

"I can't blame you," Careena responded with a light laugh, "that's what attracted me to him. I didn't think you would be interested in a man like that."

"I guess I can tell you my secret," Trian said, conspiratorially. "I don't entirely share the beliefs about men that my mother and the rest of Lesquia have. I was hoping that Kalas's presence would help influence some of the more moderate members of my mother's court."

Careena looked at her new friend with newfound respect. "I'm sorry I spoiled your plans," she said with a grin, "but I couldn't let Kalas marry someone else. I've been in love with him for a long time."

"Well, who am I to get in the way of true love," Trian said, laughing. "I don't mind, really. It's not like I knew him well, and besides, I've already come up with a new plan."

"Is this new plan a secret too?" Careena asked.

"Only to my mother," Trian responded. "She thinks I'm naïve; that I have no concept of what the rest of the world is truly like. But I've read and studied, and listened to every story my father has related to me. I have a fairly good idea what's going to be expected of me, and honestly, I'm looking forward to it."

"Your father? I assumed he was like..." the duchess began, indicating the stone faced guards behind them.

"No," the princess said smiling. "My father is from Cancordia."

"Cancordia? That's so far north! How did that come about?" Careena asked, intrigued.

"My grandmother was seeking favorable trade partners in the region years ago. My father was the son of one of the wealthiest merchants who had a fleet of ships. An arrangement was made that brought goods from Cancordia down the coast and up the river at a reduced cost," the princess explained.

"Where's your father now?" Careena asked.

"He captains one of the trade ships. He tried for years to stay and change my mother's attitude. The last straw for him came when he saw what was happening with my brother. He begged Mother to let my brother go with him, but she refused. Now he only visits when his ship is in port," she said sadly.

"But your father influenced you," Careena said.

"Yes," Trian said with a grin, "and he was excited when I told him that I plan to take my brother with me."

"How are you going to manage that?" the duchess wondered.

"My mother is going to insist I take some of our own guards with me, and I'm going to make sure that he's one of them. I'm going to rehabilitate him," she said proudly.

"I hope you succeed," Careena said. She did hope that the princess's plan worked, but she had her doubts. The young man had been conditioned since birth, and Careena knew that at his age it would be difficult to reverse the damage done to his mind.
