 Princess Careena DuGuerra rushed through the grounds of Kennai Palace looking for her best friend, Prince Kalas Galin. She had just arrived moments before to attend the wedding celebration of her sister, Princess Seline, to his brother, Prince Duran. She had expected Kalas to be among the party greeting her, but he wasn't which meant he was most likely meditating in his favorite spot.

She slowed as she reached the gardens of Kennai Palace. She found him, as she knew she would, under the old willow tree, with his eyes closed, breathing deeply. She admired him from a distance, and was a little shocked to see how much he had changed since she had last seen him.

It had only been a few months, but his muscles had grown even bigger since then, and his face had hardened. He had recently returned from his first Wandering as a member of the Paladin Order, and she had been waiting with great anticipation to speak with him.

She approached him quietly and sat down in front of him without making a sound, but she was not surprised when he spoke.

"I'm sorry I missed your arrival," he said quietly, "but you know how much I hate ceremony."

"That's all right, it gave me an excuse to leave early," she said.

Kalas slowly opened his eyes and smiled at his friend. His heart beat a little faster as he looked at her. Long blond hair framed her angelic face, and her breasts swelled under her dress. She was almost unanimously considered the most beautiful young woman in all of the Trikingdom.

The Trikingdom was made up of the kingdoms of Galin, DuGuerra, and Coderra. Generations ago, the kings of their nations had enacted a treaty combining the three kingdoms into one, large powerful kingdom ruled by the three kings. 

To ensure the stability of the new combined kingdom, they set up a method for arranging marriages between the three kingdoms. The eldest sons and eldest daughters of two of the kingdoms would marry during one generation, while the third would seek a marriage from outside. The following generation, they would switch, and this continued generation after generation.

This generation, the kingdoms of Galin and DuGuerra were marrying, and Princess Careena's brother, King Lastel had married Prince Kalas' sister, Queen Elise, the previous year. Now Kalas' brother was marrying Careena's sister to finalize the arrangement.

"I have something to ask you," Careena said to Kalas, "and I know this is a little unorthodox, but I know how I feel about you, and I'm pretty sure you feel the same way about me. Kalas, will you marry me?"

Prince Kalas stared at her in shock. He had been in love with her for years, but since he was the second son, and she the second daughter, he knew they could never marry. There would be no political advantage to a marriage between the two of them. In fact, his father had arranged marriages for both of them to two separate nearby kingdoms.

"That is my heart's greatest desire," he told her honestly, "but you know it can never happen."

She smiled one of her mischievous smiles. "I figured out a way, and have already convinced my brother. Now all we have to do is convince your father."

"Tell me," he sighed, used to her crazy ideas.

"The duchy in Genoise is vacant, and the entire area is falling into chaos. We'd get married, become the duke and duchess of Genoise, and stabilize the area," she explained.

"Genoise is a cesspool of prostitutes, thieves, and assassins," Kalas complained. "In fact, I believe the last duke was murdered."

"I know, it's perfect," she said. "It's been an embarrassment to the Trikingdom for a long time, and who better to clean it up than a paladin." Kalas couldn't argue that point. Paladins were holy warriors. They did good deeds in exchange for certain magical powers from the gods.

"But what about the marriages that have already been arranged for us?" he asked.

"Your sister, Larise, can marry Prince Dumont in my place, and Loqui can marry Princess Trian," she said.

Prince Loqui Coderra was the eldest son of King Airon Coderra. Loqui was Kalas' cousin. The previous generation, marriages had taken place between Galin and Coderra.

"Loqui will never agree to that," Kalas complained. "He has rejected every proposal that his father has tried to arrange."

"He won't have a choice," Careena said. "He has already reached the age where he should have been married. My brother has already spoken with his father, and if we can get your father to agree, since he made the original arrangements, Loqui will marry Trian."

"What about the other kingdoms those arrangements were made with? They may not accept the changes," he argued.

"Do you want to marry me, or not?" she said, teasingly. "Loqui is a better arrangement for Trian, he's going to be king of Coderra, and Larise is equal to me."

"No she's not," Kalas said, becoming convinced of her plan, "you're more beautiful."

Careena blushed profusely. He was the only person that could make her feel self conscious. "You better not let her hear you say that," she warned him. "She is your sister, after all."

"I won't," he said, "I'm not stupid. So we just have to convince my father. He's not going to like it," he told her.

"I know, but I figured he'd be in a good mood today, with the wedding tomorrow, and we'd never have a better opportunity," she said. "We should go approach him right now."

"No, I think you should do it alone. If I'm with you he'll disagree just to spite me," Kalas said. His father had been furious when Kalas joined the ranks of the Paladins. Each of the three kingdoms specialized in an art which benefited the whole Trikingdom. DuGuerra was the center of magic, Coderra trained rogues and spies, and Galin specialized in warriors. The Paladins were warriors, but because they were sworn to only do good deeds, they were often viewed as weak, and were mistrusted by other warrior castes for their ability to use magic.

"You're probably right," she sighed. "I guess I hadn't thought about that. Do you think he'll agree?"

"I have faith in you," he said. "No one can resist your charm."

A few hours later, Careena found herself in front of King Bromen in his audience chamber. She had made her plea and the burly man sat staring at her stone-faced. Secretly he was pleased, and hoped to turn her request to his advantage.

"Why should I agree to this scheme of yours?" he asked, feigning anger. "It took me months to arrange those marriages."

"Please, my lord, the Trikingdom will lose nothing, and will gain some stability in a region that has long been lawless," she pleaded.

Bromen sat as if considering her argument for several seconds. "Minister Haldan, clear the chamber. I wish to speak with Princess Careena alone."

The minister quickly ushered everyone out of the chamber. It was not uncommon for the king to negotiate behind closed doors, especially if it appeared he might capitulate on some matter. He never liked to appear weak in front of his subjects.

"Breaking arrangements that I negotiated would damage my reputation," he told her. "If I am to allow this to occur I am going to require some favors from you, after the two of you are married."

"Anything, my lord," the princess said, eagerly.

"First, you're going to have to personally renegotiate the marriage arrangement with Prince Dumont. His father, King Darkin is a friend of mine so that shouldn't be too difficult. Second, you'll renegotiate the arrangement with Princess Trian. Her mother, Queen Islan, is very obstinate, and it was hard to arrange that marriage. She only agreed because Kalas is a Paladin," he almost spat the word, "so she believes her daughter could lead him around by the nose. She may balk at the union between her daughter and Loqui."

"Of course, my lord," Careena said quickly. She knew that someone would have to renegotiate with the other monarchs, and that King Bromen wouldn't be eager to do it himself. It would be very embarrassing for him to have to go back to the other two begging for forgiveness for breaking the previous arrangements.

"Lastly, to compensate me for the loss to my reputation, you must spend a night with me in my bedchamber, doing whatever I desire," he said, his voice filled with lust. He had been admiring her beauty for several years, and had been trying to figure out a way to get her into his bed.

Princess Careena was shocked and alarmed at the third request. "How could...what...I could never..." she stammered, before composing herself. Her cheeks burned with rage and embarrassment. "I could never sleep with a man other than my husband," she protested. She had seen the way King Bromen stared at her in the past, but she never imagined he would stoop to such a level.

"Then, I'm afraid you'll have to marry Prince Dumont," the king sneered. "I'm sure he'll appreciate your devotion to monogamy. What did you think the Blessing of Conception is for?"

Careena stared down at the ground, arguing with herself. She didn't think she could live married to anyone other than Kalas, he was her life, but the thought of sleeping with his father revolted her. The Blessing of Conception was a spell that had been created shortly after the Trikingdom had been formed. It was cast on royal couples once they were married, and allowed them to choose when they would conceive, and the sex of their child. The nature of the spell was such that neither of the pair could have a child with anyone else. King Bromen was suggesting that this side effect was the true reason for the spell.

She could see no way out of her predicament, and she hated the man for the decision he was forcing her to make. "I'll do it," she whispered, sullenly.

"What was that princess?" he asked, teasing her.

"I'll do it, my lord," she spat at him. "But Kalas must never know," she warned.

"I never boast about my conquests," King Bromen said with a leer. "I'm happy to see you're being reasonable about this. When is your eighteenth birthday?"

"In three months, my lord," she replied.

"That should be enough time to plan a wedding," the king said. "We'll announce your engagement at the wedding feast tomorrow."

Careena bowed, and now that the deal was struck was eager to be out of the vile man's presence. "One more thing," he said as she was turning to leave. "If any of the favors you must do for me are not accomplished, I will annul your marriage to Kalas, and send him so far away that you'll never see him again," he threatened, and Careena believed him.

She hurriedly left the room, holding in her tears, and clutching her stomach. King Bromen watched her leave with a stiff, aching cock. He could hardly believe his luck. That stupid little bitch hardly knew what she was getting into. Allowing her to stay married to his son would be all the leverage he'd need to make her submit to him again and again. She would be his virtually whenever he wanted her.

King Bromen wasn't really an evil man, but he was ruled entirely by his passion for female flesh. His wife had died when their children were young, and since then he had bedded every woman he possibly could. When he couldn't succeed in seducing them willingly, he was not averse to using more forceful measures like he did with Princess Careena. Frankly, he didn't understand what her reluctance had been, it was only sex.

Careena managed to make it back to her rooms before she retched in the chamber pot. She couldn't believe that she had agreed to his outrageous demand, but she saw no other way to marry the man she loved. She pushed the all thoughts of the king out of her mind and decided to concentrate on her sister's wedding, and her own future wedding to the man of her dreams.

After composing herself, she went in search of Kalas and found him examining the preparations for the wedding party with his brother, the expectant groom.

"How did it go, Careena? Did you speak with Father?" he asked.

"Yes," she beamed at him. "He said yes!"

"What's all this then?" Prince Duran asked.

"I guess we can tell you now, although it's going to be announced tomorrow at your wedding party," Careena said. "We're getting married!"

"How did you ever get the old man to agree to that?" Duran asked in amazement.

"I guess I'm just very persuasive," Careena lied, smiling, "although I did have to promise to personally renegotiate the new marriage arrangements with King Darkin and Queen Islan."

"A small price to pay for our happiness," Prince Kalas said.

"Yes, a small price," Careena echoed, hollowly. "I've got to go tell Seline the good news. She helped push Lastel into agreeing to it and instructed me to let her know the minute I knew whether your father would agree or not."

She turned to go, but Kalas grabbed her hand and pulled her to him. He bent down and kissed her deeply on the lips for the first time. It was electric, he felt as if his heart started truly beating right then and there. Her knees started to buckle from the emotion and he was half holding her up throughout the kiss.

When their lips finally parted, they stared into each other's eyes for a moment, savoring their closeness. "I love you," he said.

"I love you too," she replied as she reluctantly left him to search for her sister.

"We are both lucky men," his brother said, as the two watched her leave. "We get to marry the two most beautiful women in the world."

"I know," Kalas replied, his heart soaring.

The wedding went off splendidly the next day. At the party, King Bromen kept his word and announced Kalas and Careena's engagement after the speeches for the new bride and groom. It was a very joyous day for everyone, even Careena, who was able to forget about that third favor she had to do for the king.

In fact, she was able to push it from her mind for the next three months as she prepared for her own wedding. When the day finally arrived, she was so nervous and jittery about the nuptials that she never once thought about it. She felt a strange tingling sensation when the cleric cast the Blessing of Conception over them, but that soon passed, and it left a new connection she felt with Kalas that was wonderful. She was having the time of her life until they were dancing at the wedding party, and her new father in law cut in.

"I hope you haven't forgotten what you're supposed to do for me my dear," King Bromen whispered in her ear.

She hadn't forgotten, but she had tried not to think about it. "I haven't forgotten," she hissed.

"The day you return from your honeymoon I expect you to hold up your end of the bargain. Kalas will be leaving to go on one of his wanderings as soon as the two of you get back, so it will give us the perfect opportunity," he told her.

She didn't say anything, but nodded her head sullenly.

"There are secret passages linking all the royal chambers together. I'll give you a map to follow as soon as you return." With that he passed her off to another partner.

She was quiet and despondent for the rest of the day, but Kalas was too excited to notice. They left for their honeymoon before the party was over. They were staying at a villa in the remote forests of the Trikingdom. They journey was several hours long, and by the time they had arrived her spirits had picked up again.

She grew nervous again as night approached, and the time came for them to spend their first night together as husband and wife.

"Are you ready, my love?" Kalas asked as they stood in their bedchamber, ready for bed.

"Yes," she whispered happily.

He took her hand and led her to the bed and eased her back onto it, kissing her all the while. His hands were roaming all over her body; caressing her large breasts over her night shirt, cupping her bottom, smoothing her flat stomach.

She groaned with passion as a fire began to burn in her loins, and she began thrusting them up at his wandering hands. Suddenly, he grabbed the hem of her nightshirt and with one swift motion drew it up over his head. His mouth was covering her body an instant later. His lips sucked her nipples, and then his tongue burned a trail down to her vagina. He licked and sucked her sex while his hands gripped the cheeks of her bottom. She squirmed and writhed until she could take it no more.

"Oh God, darling!" she exclaimed. "Make love to me, now!"

Kalas got up quickly and removed his clothing. He was naked in a flash, his long hard cock bobbing in the cool nighttime air. Careena had never seen a man's penis before, and the sight of her husband's frightened her. It was so big!

Careena had no idea that his penis was larger than average and assumed all men's were about the same size, but that wasn't the case. She had no idea the pain she was going to feel at first when he stuffed that monster into her.

She trembled in anticipation as he climbed back onto the bed and lay on top of her. Her flesh seemed to burn all over when it came in contact with his. His penis felt like a writhing snake nestled in between their two bodies as it pulsed and throbbed in excitement. It reached up past her belly button and she wondered how her body would be able to handle something so large pushing its way inside her.

Then his lips were covering hers and his tongue was inside her mouth. She gasped and swirled her tongue against his. Her hips were pressing up at him, begging him to do it, demanding that they consummate their lust.

He broke the kiss and kneeled between her legs, his large tube of flesh poised at her entrance. He knew he had a large cock, and his brother had warned him to take it easy the first time. Fluid was running out of pussy and he rubbed the head of his cock up and down the slit to wet it.

"Are you ready, darling?" he asked.

"Yes, do it now!" she demanded.

He eased forward with gentle pressure and was surprised at how easily the head fit in. She gasped in shock as she was penetrated for the first time. 'This isn't so bad,' she thought, until she looked down and realized he didn't even have a quarter of his length inside her.

He lay back down on her, and put his mouth back over hers. He pushed his hips forward more and she cried out into his mouth in pain as the thicker part of his shaft started to force its way in. It felt as if he were slitting her two with his large organ and her vagina burned in agony.

Kalas gently jogged his penis against her crotch, not penetrating her any further, trying to let her become accustomed to his size. As soon as he felt her relax a little underneath him he pushed a little more of his member inside of her. She would tense up immediately and he would resume his gentle jogging.

This is not what she thought it would be like at all! She expected a little pain, but nothing like the excruciating torment she was experiencing now. Every time she felt like she was getting used to it, his penis would invade further, causing more pain. If this is what sex was like she was never going to do it again, ever!

After several minutes of searing pain she felt his penis bump into something inside her and it could go no further. 'Finally,' she thought, 'he's as far in as he can get.' Kalas was holding himself up on his arms, to keep his weight off her and she was able to look down at where they were joined. Impossibly, he still had less than half of his cock inside her. She could feel the head of his penis inside her gently pushing against the barrier as he jogged his loins against hers. 'At least it doesn't hurt as much,' she thought, relaxing.

Suddenly, Kalas pushed harder than normal and it felt as if something was tearing inside her. She cried out in pain and her hands flew to his chest to try and push him off. But he was much stronger than she, and he held himself in her, not withdrawing, but not advancing either.

"I'm sorry darling," he said, trying to soothe her. "The worst is over ... the worst is over ... I promise ... I promise," he repeated as he rained kisses upon her face and lips. Kalas had known he was up against her hymen and that he would have to push hard to get through it. He regretted hurting her, but knew it was necessary to complete the act. "It won't hurt so bad any more, darling, you'll see," he said as his penis continued its advance.
