 Duchess Careena Galin reclined on a soft feather bed with clean sheets for the first time in three days. The sweaty man grunting on top of her wasn't allowing her any sleep though. Not that she was complaining. Her legs were wrapped around the man's hips and she lifted her pelvis to meet each of his thrusts and whispered exhortations in his ear to fuck her harder.

The man was a merchant; she couldn't remember his name and didn't care. Her services had been offered to him for an hour in exchange for an inflated price on goods Captain Diedmon was selling and the promise of a future deal on the captain's return north. The merchant was risking little; he could pass the cost on to his customers. His wife and children were off visiting relatives so he had jumped at the chance and brought her back to his own home.

This was actually the third time her services had been part of a deal that day. The first two had only warranted a few minutes time with her and the men had simply bent her over in the backrooms of their stores and fucked her quickly. Both were too fast to get her off and she had been extra horny when this third man had given the captain a deal good enough for an hour. By the time they had reached his home she thought she would go mad with desire.

She was so close now, to reaching that ultimate enjoyment as the merchant pounded away at her burning cunt. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she chanted over and over into the man's ear with quiet intensity. She needed him to last a bit longer and she would be there. Her nails bit into his skin as she held him close.

He wasn't the best lover she'd ever had, that distinction belonged to her husband, but he was adequate to the task and moments later she was clawing the man's back as she exploded in orgasm. He ceased moving while she came, enjoying the sensation of the convulsing cunt along the length of his rod. It took a few moments for her to come down, but as soon as her body stilled, except for her exhausted panting, the man resumed hunching his loins against hers.

Her clit was very sensitive, and it was almost painful as his cock raked against it, but she thought she might have another before his hour was up. The man started pummeling in harder and his cock was making a wet slurping noise as it pistoned in and out. She could feel the moisture from her orgasm trickling between her butt cheeks as he fucked her. She knew he probably wasn't getting much friction from her now sloppy cunt.

She tightened her cunt muscles as he pounded into her and was rewarded with gasps and groans from the man on top of her. She was pleased to find it added to her enjoyment too. "Oh gods!" the man cried. "You're the best...the best fuck...I've ever had." He tensed up and jerked as she felt his cock pulse and spew its contents into her. The expression of ecstasy on the man's face was enough to push her over the edge again too.

There was still some time left, so after they both calmed down the man suggested they bathe together. Having been nearly a week since she had her last one, and considering all the sex she'd had since then, she readily agreed. While they were in the bath he washed her body, reveling in the softness of her skin.

Careena had to keep herself from laughing while the merchant praised her, and told her he was going Captain Diedmon a large sum of money to buy her. He said he wished to keep her and that he would leave his wife and children and marry her. She had no doubt the merchant was being serious, but looking around his home and from what she had seen of his business, she knew he didn't have anywhere near the amount the captain was going to receive from whoever was retrieving her in Coderra. She didn't was to hurt his feelings so she merely nodded and smiled when as he spoke.

Soon he was escorting her back through town to the captain. She was a wearing a makeshift outfit the captain had given her when they arrived at port so that she could walk through the city. It was a heavy sheet that had a hole for her head cut in the middle of it that was draped over her and tied at the waist to hold it in place.

He did make the captain a sincere offer, but the captain laughed in his face and said he wouldn't break the contract he already had for ten times that amount. Dejected, but understanding the merchant left and never glanced back. Careena felt sorry for him but told herself that he was better off staying with his wife and raising his children.

"I didn't do as well as when you were with me lass, but I've finished selling all that I wanted and bought a fair amount too," the captain told her after the merchant left. "Thanks to you, this was my most profitable visit to this blasted port ever!" 

Captain Diedmon was in a good mood, even while he was paying the sailors their wages which usually made him scowl. He had made a lot of extra money and it had cost him nothing. He also suspected he would be getting a lot of the wages back from the crew for the use of his slave.

Careena noticed several of the sailors whispering to one another after they had received their pay. A few glances were thrown her direction and a shiver of excitement coursed down her spine because she knew they were discussing her. Finally Kieran, who she had learned was the first mate, had a discussion with the captain. She saw the captain shake his head negatively a couple times and Kieran appeared to be reassuring him. Finally some sort of agreement was struck and the captain came stalking over to her.

"The lads are smarter than I give them credit for," he muttered. "They've pooled their money and paid for your services for the entire night. I hadn't expected that." He shook his head smiling. "I should have set the price per fuck, not per hour. I've made them promise not to hurt you; no hitting, scratching, or biting. I'm not sure what you're in for, but these boys can get some crazy ideas. If anyone hurts or damages you in any way that could affect the price your buyer is willing to pay, you come running to me, understand?"

"I understand, Master," she responded with a slight bow. Her stomach was crawling with nervous excitement.

"Come on," he commanded, "I want to get a fuck before these jackals get hold of ya." She was walking in front of him as they headed for his cabin and he had an excellent view of her plush bottom. He had earlier decided he didn't want to take her there because he'd had enough ass from Jaco, but as he watched the twin globes slide against each other as she walked he changed his mind. His sailors would probably fuck her ass that night and he was determined to have it first.

Once in his room he had her get on her knees and fished out his cock. "Better get it nice and wet lass, because it's going up your ass," he told her.

Careena shivered at the captain's words. She enjoyed anal sex when she was in the mood, but knew that the sailors would take her there whether she was ready for it or not. The captain's cock could help open the way for what was to come later, as well as give her a pleasurable experience.

She leaned forward and took Captain Diedmon's cock into her mouth. She wanted to get his cock nice and wet, but not excite him too much. She wanted a nice, long ass fuck before she was handed over to the sailors for their pleasure.

She worked as much saliva up and down the captain's length as she could without exerting too much suction. He still seemed to enjoy it and was groaning the entire time she licked and sucked his member. Saliva was dripping down his cock to his balls and even Careena was surprised at the amount she had covering it.

"Turn around," he ordered her, pulling his cock from her mouth. "Bend over the bed," he commanded.

Careena bent over the bed so that her chest was resting on it with her feet on the floor. With both hands she reached back and spread her ass cheeks apart for him. She tried to relax the muscles in her backside as much as possible and her anus opened a little under the captain's gaze.

"How considerate of you slut," he said as he positioned his cock. "I've always liked you Remarian slaves. You're always so accommodating." He slowly pressed his full weight forward. The head of his saliva coated cock easily slipped past her sphincter with a slight pop. He kept the pressure up until inch by inch his entire cock was buried inside her and his flabby, oversized belly rested against her bottom.

"I should have done this days ago," he muttered as he rested his weight on her backside. "Your ass is much better than Jaco's." He slowly pulled his cock out and then slowly pushed it back in, reveling in the tightness of her sphincter.

Careena kept her hands on her cheeks, keeping her ass open for him so that he could penetrate her as far as possible. She was grateful he was going slowly; it was more pleasurable that way and helped her get used to the intrusion. There was no pain; her husband's cock was sufficiently larger than his to have made sure of that. She groaned in pleasure every time his cock bottomed out inside her.

"Gods, you must really like it in the ass," he gasped as he felt her push back against him.

"Yes Master, fuck my ass," she groaned. "I love cocks up my ass."

The captain resisted the urge to go faster and kept a slow, steady pace. It was excruciatingly pleasurable this way and he wanted to make it last as long as possible. He kept his eyes on his cock as it plowed in and out of her tight anus. The normally wrinkled hole was stretched tight around his invading member smoothing out all the folds.

"I wish I could keep you slut," he said. "It's too bad I gotta sell you...so much better than Jaco."

He kept that maddeningly slow pace for as long as he good but soon found himself picking up speed. Her ass was so tight but at the same time accommodating. He gradually forgot about going slow and was plunging his hard rod in and out at a maddening pace.

Careena pushed back with each thrust of his cock. Her orgasm was building and felt like it was going to explode out of her cunt. "Fuck me! Fuck meeeeeee!" she cried as she came. Her sphincter gripped the captain's cock hard as her orgasm swept over her. He didn't stop or slow down even though it felt like her ass was going to tear the flesh from his penis.

A few seconds later Diedmon was bellowing as he emptied his sperm into her rectum. Careena could feel the warm sperm filling her colon as his cock pulsed and jerked inside her. When it finished spasming and finally went limp, the captain pulled it out of her tight hole with a little difficulty.

"Leave that cum in your ass," he told her, "so that my men know their captain was there first. You have about an hour before they get their crack at ya so you might as well get some rest."

"Yes Master, thank you," she said as she crawled up on the bed for a nap. She stayed on her stomach so the captain's cum wouldn't leak out and make a mess. It was going to be hard to keep it in. Already her body was trying to push it out. She tried not to think about it, hoping that the feeling would go away.

She managed to fall asleep despite the uncomfortable feeling of cum filling her ass and woke to find the captain shaking her. "Time to go, slut," he said without any malice. He led her two the crew sleeping quarters where just a few nights before she had witnessed some of the men violating Jaco.

The entire crew was gathered there, some eight men in all including Jaco, who had a hard time looking at her. She realized he was embarrassed. There were hoots and hollers as the captain brought her in but he quickly silenced them.

"Against my better judgment I have agreed to let you lot have use my slave all at once," the captain began. "This slave is worth a lot of money to me, so I need to remind you that you are to do nothing that will damage her value: no biting, scratching, clawing, or hitting. Kieran has vouched for her treatment, and I trust him so whatever he says goes. Anyone breaking the rules will take Jaco's place on the return trip."

His little speech finished he handed Careena over to Kieran. "Have a good time tonight boys," Diedmon said as he left the room. More cheers erupted from the men and Careena got a little frightened.

Kieran took her by the arm. "All right!" he yelled to quiet them. "We agreed to draw lots to see who goes first so we can all have someone on one time with this beauty. After that, anything goes!"

The berths were small and there were only six of them, so two of the mats were thrown into the center of the small room and she was directed to lay down on it. The men drew lots for their order and before she could even get into a comfortable position the first one had stripped down and was on the makeshift bed between her legs.

Careena had forgotten about the captain's cum in her ass and as the sailor nudged her legs apart with his knees he saw it slowly start to leak out. "Looks like the captain left us a present up this slut's ass," he commented. Some of the others peaked over his shoulder to take a look. "Gods, I love these Remarian slaves. Always so willing, always so ready to fuck," he muttered as he fisted his cock into her wet cunt.

He let his whole body fall on her as he hugged her close and pounded his dick in and out hard. There was no finesse to his technique, just the hard and fast fucking of a man who had gone a long time without a woman and needed to cum inside one badly. His friends rubbed their cocks as they watched, waiting their turn. Some yelled out encouragement while others simply looked on silently. They bent and looked between the legs of the two coupled on the bed to see his cock as it moved swiftly in and out of the beautiful woman.

The man didn't last long and after just a few minutes was shuddering in bliss on top of her. The next man pushed him out of the way and fell on her. His cock found her cum-filled hole easily and was soon pushing its way inside.

One after another they all took her in this fashion. None of them lasted long and none of the fucks were memorable except for the last to have his turn. Sweet, sensitive Jaco drew the last lot, and by the time it was his turn Careena felt like a sweaty, sticky mess. She smiled up at him and then her eyes widened in amazement as she caught site of his cock. It was as long as her husband's, and while not as thick, it had a severe curve in it that made her shiver.

The others jeered at him and asked him if he even knew what to do with a woman as he knelt beside her. He leaned down and kissed her on the mouth. None of the others had done that and for some reason it made her stomach tingle. The thoughtful young man had brought a warm, wet cloth and began washing her body all over. When he began to gently wipe her cunt, the duchess realized just how sore she was. Being taken by all these men was fun, but she had yet to have an orgasm and the hard pounding was a taking a toll on her body.

When Jaco was satisfied that she was clean he gently lowered himself on top of her. The others laughed and made crude kissing sounds. One of them made a joke about Jaco being in love with a fuck slave. She saw the hurt in his eyes at the comment and she wanted to yell at the others to shut up, but knew as a slave she couldn't. Jaco needed to stand up for himself but he seemed unwilling.

He did manage to find her hole with his cock despite their rude comments, and slowly eased himself into her. She let out a long sigh as she felt it sink into her. She was so wet and open from all the previous fucks that he easily slid right in. He kissed her passionately when he was fully embedded in her and Careena began to wonder if the young man did have feelings for her.

The others called him a sissy and told him to move aside so they could show him what a real man could do. Careena wanted to tell them that Jaco was the only real man among them; that his cock filled her in a way that theirs' can't. His lips never left hers as he began to slowly pump his penis in and out of her. The curve in his member made it feel as if it filled her more than it did, and made it hit her clit at just the right angle.

She groaned into his mouth and ran her hands up and down his back to let him know she liked what he was doing. Finally here was a man that was going to make her cum. She found herself kissing him back and sliding her tongue in and out of his mouth every time he slid his magnificent tool in and out of her pussy.

Blood pounding in her ears drowned out the comments from the other sailors and Careena realized that she was going to come soon. She wanted to make it loud for the others, so that they would know Jaco brought her to heights that none of them could. She felt the dam break inside her and it felt like her insides were being pulled out and pushed back every time the young man's prick moved inside of her. She grabbed his head with her hands and gently pulled it up to break their kiss while she moaned loudly and jerked her body wildly.

Startled, Jaco stopped moving as she came and looked down at her with concern, but when he saw the look of total ecstasy on her face he knew she was all right. All the men ceased yelling at Jaco and some shook their heads in disbelief while a few others grumbled that it had only been a matter of time before the slut came.

Jaco smiled and glued his mouth back to hers. He moved slowly in and out again, loving the feel of her body underneath his. Pleased with the knowledge that he had made her orgasm he didn't last much longer. He filled her with his seed like all the others and tried to rest on top of her to enjoy the afterglow of sex, but found himself quickly being pulled off and thrown into a corner.

Careena felt stiff but completely satisfied. After being fucked by eight horny guys she could have easily fallen asleep, but her night wasn't over yet. It had only taken a little over an hour for the guys to run through her the first time and now most of them were ready to go again. "Anything goes now, right Kieran?" one the sailors asked as he pulled her to her feet.

"Aye, as long as she's not damaged," Kieran replied with a laugh.

The sailor lay down on his back on the mattress and pulled the duchess on top of him. Reaching between their bodies he fisted his renewed erection into her flowing pussy. He held her body tight to his while he hammered his hips up, driving his cock in and out of her cunt rapidly. "Someone prong her ass," he said spreading her cheeks with his hands.

There was a mad rush, but one man beat the rest out. There was some grumbling but they all knew they would get their shot at her. The sailor underneath her stopped moving to allow the other to get his cock seated in her anus. There was so much cum around her asshole from her earlier bout with the captain and from what had spilled out of her cunt when she was on her back that the man's cock slipped easily in with a small amount of pressure.

Careena gasped when she felt the head of the man's cock slip past her sphincter. This was only the second time that she had a cock in both holes and she was unused to the over-full feeling. The man that was underneath pushed his cock all the way in and told his companion in her ass to start moving in and out. She started to cry out from the sensation; it wasn't painful but it was overwhelming.

She could feel the two cocks rubbing against each other inside of her. Everything seemed tight and she felt as if she had two of the largest cocks stuffed up her pussy and ass. The man sodomizing her was moving fast and wasn't being nearly as gentle as the captain but as she got used to the pressure she began to enjoy it. Just when she was really getting into it the man in her ass came and filled her colon with sperm.

He was quickly replaced by one of the others and a few seconds later a hard cock was also presented to her mouth. She accepted it without hesitation and sucked it in. She could taste cum and her own pussy juice on the end of the cock in her mouth. She looked up to see its owner and saw that it was Kieran; she was unsure who had their cock lodged in her ass. Kieran held her head tight so he could move his prick in and out so she couldn't turn around and look.
