 Careena and Kalas had spent most of their honeymoon in bed. That first night they made love three more times, and Kalas had even managed to get Careena to take his cock into her mouth before they finally slept. The rest of their time was much of the same, only leaving their room for meals and short walks.

They made their way back to Kennai Palace a very satisfied couple, but Careena was also extremely apprehensive, although she hid it well. She couldn't get her mind off the promise she had made her father-in-law and how she could get out of keeping it, but she couldn't think of a way short of murdering him. He could annul her marriage to Kalas at any time he chose if she didn't do what he wanted.

Kalas could actually sense some of his new wife's apprehension, but he attributed it to the realization of actually being married now that the honeymoon was over. It would not be easy at first; they both had a lot of work ahead of them as the Duke and Duchess of Genoise. At one time Genoise had been a vacation destination for the wealthy aristocracy, but no longer. The duchy had been vacant for so long that the area had grown lawless and streets were filled with beggars. It would be up to the two of them to bring Genoise to order.

He also felt bad about leaving for his next Wandering when they arrived back in Kennai. It was tradition for a newly married paladin, but it meant that Careena would have to arrange for their move by herself. Really, all her things were already packed in Kennai; she had arranged her possessions before she left DuGuerra and they were just waiting to add his. Paladins were supposed to have few possessions, but being the son of a king and now a duke himself, that wasn't practical.

They arrived at the palace with little fanfare. Now that they were married, few would pay them any attention unless they somehow scandalized the rest of the royal family. Careena watched her new husband pack for his Wandering in his old rooms where she would be staying until he returned. Then they would both head out for their new life in Genoise.

"I wish I didn't have to go," he told her.

"I wish you didn't too," she lamented, for many reasons.

"It won't be that bad," he said. "I'll be back before you realize I'm gone, and our sisters are here to keep you company."

"I know," she said. She was clutching a rolled parchment that had been waiting for her, sealed, in the rooms. It was from Kalas' father, King Bromen, and she was reluctant to open it.

"What's that?" Kalas asked, noticing it for the first time.

"Oh, nothing," she said. "Your father just sent me a letter welcoming me to the family and it has a brief outline for negotiating with King Darkin and Queen Islan," she lied.

"That was kind of him," he said, hardly paying attention as he rechecked his pack.

She wanted to grab him around the shoulders and beg him not to go, to leave with her right now for Genoise, but she knew what the result of that would be. He slung his pack over his shoulder and turned to her and gave her a deep kiss.

"Don't worry, I'll be back in two weeks," he said, mistaking her distress for worry for his safety, "then we'll have the rest of our lives to spend together."

She nodded solemnly and they kissed again, then he turned and walked away. She watched him leave, feeling a deep hole in the pit of her stomach. She felt as if she wanted to vomit as she regarded the rolled up paper in her hand.

'Might as well get this over with,' she thought, as she broke the seal and took a seat on the bed. The letter was written in the king's hand, but it was no 'welcome to the family' note. It instructed her to meet him in his rooms that very night, and then gave step-by-step directions on how to navigate the secret escape passages in the castle to get from Kalas' rooms to his rooms. It did not mention a purpose for the meeting or anything crass, just the directions in a businesslike manner.

She cried as she rolled it back up. She would need it to find her way through the secret passages or she would have destroyed it right then. She hid it beneath some of her clothes in one of the drawers and then lay back on the bed and sobbed quietly for nearly an hour.

She finally got up, resigned to her fate. 'Seline and Larise are probably wondering where I am,' she thought as she inspected her face in the mirror. The signs of her cry were fading and she felt it safe to meet the two princesses for lunch.

****

Careena actually forgot about the king while she spent the remainder of the day with Seline and Larise, but as she retired to Kalas' rooms after supper the knot in her stomach returned. She sat on the bed for several minutes, staring into space, trying to get the courage to stand up and retrieve the letter.

Eventually she forced herself up, and her legs started moving. She got the letter, a candle, and started searching for the entrance to the secret passage. With the instructions from King Bromen, it was easy to find, and she soon found herself walking along the passage as if in a trance.

She couldn't remember how she got there, or how much time she had spent following the king's directions, but she stood in front of another entryway into the secret passage that was slightly open. She slowly pushed it open and saw the king's dimly lit bedchamber beyond.

"Welcome, my dear," she heard the king's deep voice say before she stepped through the entry. He was sitting in a chair off to the side, facing the secret passage door. He was obviously waiting for her as he smoked his pipe. He wore only his robe, and with his legs crossed Careena could see his thick naked calves and shins.

She didn't say a word as King Bromen regarded her. "I thought that you might have changed your mind," he said casually, "and that I would have to put an end to your marriage to my son, but I see now that have some sense."

She remained quiet, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of a response. He continued to stare at her while he puffed on his pipe, his eyes trying to bore into hers. "You seem a bit overdressed for the occasion, my dear," the king finally said.

Careena reached up with shaking hands and started unbuttoning her dress. King Bromen watched her with a leer, enjoying her discomfort. It took her much longer in her nervousness to get undressed than it would have normally. She gained resolve, though, with every item of clothing she removed until she stood in front of him, nude, with a look of superiority on her face.

King Bromen finally put his pipe down and stood, towering over the newly named duchess. "My son is a lucky man," the king mused, "and so am I." He reached out a beefy hand stroked her breast, and it was all she could do to not recoil in revulsion.

The king saw the look of disgust on her face and chuckled to himself. "Did my weakling son manage to get it up long enough to make love to you?" he asked. "Or did his little pecker wither in the face of your beauty?"

She didn't answer; she didn't feel the need to. She just continued to stare at him defiantly. The king laughed, thinking he knew the answer to his own question. "I bet he didn't have anything to measure up this," he bragged as he opened his robe, displaying his erect cock.

Careena didn't want to look at it, but she didn't want to give him the satisfaction of seeing her look away either. Any other woman in her situation probably would have looked at his penis in fear of its size, but she had just spent a week making love to her husband, and his cock made his father's look ordinary.

"His was bigger," Careena spoke for the first time, mockingly, "and stood more strongly."

The king's smile dropped. He didn't believe what she said, but he was still surprised at her attitude. Most women were impressed or afraid of his member, but here she stood mocking him. He would wipe that look off her face when his cock was battering her insides.

Recovering his composure he pulled the naked duchess close so that he could fondle her entire body. "I'm going to enjoy this," he murmured more to himself than to her.

He smelled of pipe smoke and alcohol, and it was all Careena could do not to retch as King Bromen forced his tongue into her mouth as he bent down and kissed her. Her arms had come up reflexively and served as a buffer between her body and his as he crushed her to him. Her hands sank into his pudgy flesh and she could feel the hard muscle that lay beneath the layer of fat. She realized that he probably had a similar build to Kalas at one time, long ago, before excess food and drink had caught up with him.

One part of him that was hard was his penis, which was poking her in the belly as he forced the kiss, and his hands squeezed and played with her bottom. Despite her revulsion at the man she was performing the act with, her body began to respond in arousal at the thought of the sexual activity she would soon be engaged in. She found herself wondering what his penis would feel like inside her, and was surprised that, although she wished it belonged to another man, she was growing excited with anticipation.

King Bromen could smell her growing arousal and smiled to himself. It usually happened like this; once a woman got a look at his cock, no matter how reluctant they seemed at first, they always ended up begging for it. She seemed no different than any of the other women he had bedded.

What he didn't know was that it wouldn't have mattered how large his cock was. Careena was just one of those women who enjoyed sex of any kind, as she was now discovering herself. Her vagina was getting so wet, that her thighs were becoming slick with her fluids. His hand worked its way between her slippery thighs from behind and stroked her wet slit. He finally removed his mouth from hers and chuckled as he worked two fingers into her wet hole.

"All you sluts are the same," he said as his fingers roughly violated her vagina. "You pretend you don't want it, but your pussies say different."

'Please stop talking,' Careena thought. It was humiliating enough getting aroused by her father-in-law; she didn't want to hear about it too. His fingers had forced her up on her tiptoes and his large cudgel was now poking around the sparse hair below her stomach. Instinct caused her to ground her groin against it, tightening her bottom and trapping his fingers inside her.

"You sure are a hot little slut, aren't you?" King Bromen said, as he pushed her away and removed his fingers. She looked at him questioningly, but he just wanted to remove his robe. Once his robe was off, he roughly picked her up and threw her down on her back on the bed.

The king had never been one for much foreplay; for him sex was about his pleasure, not his partner's, especially when it came from a deal like he made with the young duchess. His cock ached to be inside her, she was wet and ready, and so that's what he intended to do.

Careena didn't have any time to recover from the shock of being thrown on the bed before the king was on top of her, crushing her under his weight. His sudden ferocity scared her a little. It hadn't been like this with Kalas; the king and her husband were of similar build, the king was just a little heavier, but she had never felt trapped when Kalas was on top of her like she did now. With her husband she had felt lovingly embraced, but she found that being trapped under the king excited her passions as well.

'Why am I reacting this way?' she thought. 'Is there something wrong with me?' She had little time to contemplate, though, as the king's battering ram was frantically trying to find its way into her small hole. She felt the head lodge itself in her opening, and then she let out a gasp as with one mighty thrust of his hips the entire length of his penis was buried inside her.

"Oh, you little slut!" he cried as began to hammer away with long powerful strokes. He was pounding so hard that they both began to slide across the bed forcing Careena to throw her hands out and grab the sheets to keep in place.

With the ease at which he was able to ram his prick into her, King Bromen began to suspect that his young daughter-in-law may have been telling the truth about the size of Kalas' cock. It had to be fairly large, and judging by the way she was responding to the pounding he was giving her, they must have done it often. Maybe his youngest son wasn't the wimp he thought he was.

Careena couldn't understand why her body was betraying her the way it was. Her hips were thrusting up to meet the king's strokes, and her pussy was convulsing with pleasure every time he bottomed out inside her. At that moment she realized that sex and love had very little to do with one another. She could enjoy sex with King Bromen even though she reviled the man as he lay on top of her.

King Bromen, feeling a little put out that the size of his cock wasn't punishing enough for the young woman, stopped thrusting long enough to hook his arms under the back of her knees, lifting her butt slightly in the air as he leaned forward. He let out a feral growl as he began pounding his cock down into the duchess, making her bottom bounce off the bed.

Careena's legs were spread wide, and her knees nearly touched her shoulders each time the king slammed his cock into her. Their groins smashed together with bruising pleasure as her body rebounded off the bed. She now gripped his arms tightly as this new angle didn't push her forward on the bed. She gasped every time their bodies crashed together and moaned in pleasure the rest of the time. She was truly enjoying the fucking the king was giving her. 'That's the difference,' she thought, 'Kalas makes love to me, and his father is fucking me.'

"You like it ... like it rough ... rough like this ... don't you ... my little ... little slut!" the king managed to get out between thrusts.

"Yes," Careena gasped, truthfully, "I love it."

The king growled again and began hammering away even faster at his daughter-in-law's pussy. The young woman squealed with delight as her clit was stimulated beyond anything she could imagine. She opened her eyes and realized for the first time that she had been holding them shut. She looked up at the king's passion twisted face, but he was looking down at the point where their two bodies were crashing together. She followed his gaze and saw the thick rod pistoning in and out below the king's hanging gut. The sight disgusted and excited her at the same time.

Her nipples grew hot and tingly at the sight of his cock as it disappeared and reappeared in a blur of motion. She grabbed her own large breasts and squeezed them. They had never felt this way before she had sex with Kalas, but now she noticed a burning and itching sensation in them whenever she was aroused.

As she mauled her own breasts, the fire blazing in them spread to her belly, and she felt the familiar tingling sensation begin to grow in her clit. All of a sudden she wanted it harder, and faster.

"Fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck your little slut!" she screamed at King Bromen.

The king was already giving her all he had. His breath was coming hard and sweat was dripping from his brow and falling onto Careena's chest. His heart was pounding from the exertion, and his vision was becoming blurry. He worried that if he didn't cum soon he might have a heart attack.

Then the young duchess came hard, while she still continued to urge the king to fuck her. Her whole body tensed and threatened to throw King Bromen off her, but the old king managed to keep his balance and his steady rhythm.

He came a moment after her, filling her womb for the first time with seed other than her husband's. She was aware of his hips jerking unnaturally and a flood of warmth as he spurted into her womb, but soon after she passed out from exhaustion.

A short time later, King Bromen fondled his son's new wife while she slept soundly next to him. She had not awoken since she passed out, but the king had rolled her onto her side and snuggled up behind her. Now he was kneading her large tits with one hand while the other played with the mixture of their cum in her open vagina. 'She may be my son's wife, but she's my little slut,' the king thought.

His large organ had risen up again and was now nestled between her generous butt cheeks. It was rare for him to find a woman so obviously built for sex that enjoyed it as much as she did. He began to wish that he had done things different and married her himself so that he could have access to her body whenever he wished. But he knew that would have been impractical, besides as much as he enjoyed having her he enjoyed having variety more.

As his cock rested in the cleft of her bottom he wondered if his son had initiated her into the joys of anal sex. 'He probably hasn't', the king thought, 'he's too polite to suggest it himself.' He took one of his fingers, coated with the mixture of cum from her vagina and began to probe her anus.

Careena moaned at the assault, but didn't wake up. The king's finger slipped past the outer ring with a little effort. The hole was tight, his son definitely hadn't been up there yet, but in her relaxed, passed out state, he thought he would be able to get at least the head of his cock in before she was aware of what was happening.

He greased up his cock with their combined cum leaking from her pussy, aimed the head at her dark back passage with one, and gripped her hip with the other. He pressed his hips forward hard and the head and some of the shaft popped in past her sphincter.

Careena's eyes flew open and she nearly screamed in shock and surprise. The king moved a hand to cover her mouth to muffle any noises she might make while he said in her ear, "Don't worry, slut, it won't hurt for very long."

"Stop ... please ... take it out ... it hurts!" she screamed under his hand. The king ignored her pleas and continued to press his hips forward. More of his thick member was forced down her tight nether hole. She continued to scream and plead for him to stop through his hand.

After what seemed to Careena an eternity, she finally felt his hairy balls nestle against the lips of her pussy, and his large gut pressed against her bottom. She couldn't believe he had fit that monster inside her colon, but the pain wasn't getting any worse and he had stopped moving for now. She wasn't screaming anymore, but was sobbing quietly, trying to find a position that relieved some of the pain in her ass.

Her anus felt incredibly full and she was grateful that the king had let her have a small respite to recover. After a while she thought it didn't feel so bad anymore and wriggled her bottom to encourage him to continue so that she could get it over with.

The king took the hint and began to slowly pull his hips back. As his penis receded, it left her feeling empty, until the king forced it back in, filling her bowels back up. She gasped in shock, but it wasn't as painful as before. She breathed in heavily as he drew back in, and then let her breath out as he pushed forward. This helped her to keep from screaming.

The king was in heaven. Her ass squeezed his cock wonderfully along its whole length as he plunged it in and out. Since she was being fairly quiet he removed his hand from her mouth and used it to hold onto her shoulder to help pull her back onto him as he thrust forward.

Soon, Careena was pushing her butt back onto him on her own, but King Bromen still held onto her tightly. His cock slid thickly in and out of her previously virgin ass with little resistance. Now that the pain had gone, the duchess was able to relax her sphincter and allow him full access to her behind.

She was amazed that the pain was gone, and she was actually beginning to enjoy the ass fucking. She started stroking her clit as he fucked her, surprised at how close she actually was to cumming. She inserted two fingers into her pussy and was shocked to feel his cock through the membrane separating her pussy and anus, as it moved in and out.
