 Chapter 1: The Longest Chapter - continued

---------------------------------

Kadren swung her mace threateningly at one of the creatures. It backed away a little, but did not retreat. The other five paused, but then resumed their slow advance forward. They looked like small, ugly (uglier than usual) goblins, and more feral than any goblin she had ever encountered. These were the same sort of creature that Coj had already handily dispatched. They made shrill noises as they closed in, and gave off, what sounded like, cackles. They also waved their arms wildly at Kadren, teasing or threatening her. They had no weapons, but their claws looked sharp, and their teeth hungry. Kadren wished she had dispatched the two she encountered first, instead of fleeing, because the other four joined the fray as she was running, and now she was backed into a blind section of the cave, having to face all six at once.

"Leave me be!" Kadren yelled. "I'm warning you. I will strike you down, if you come closer!" This brought about more cackling sounds from the goblinoids. 

Kadren dared not put down her mace or shield to cast a more complete spell, but, with her shield and mace at the ready, she began her chant-like spell-casting, and a flame began forming in front of her, as before. This flame, though, was less white and less hot than the one she had made before, and it was not round. The spell-casting was a lot more difficult without the free use of her hands and arms, and what she produced now was more like a regular flame. She built it to the size of her head and no further, lest she should lose control of the flame, or deplete her strength too quickly. But it was still enough to halt the goblinoids advances, and Kadren felt a small relief when she saw them stop. Kadren strained to keep the flame alive, and to keep her focus on her enemies and her spell at the same time. She had to think quickly on how to use her new advantage. She kept up her spell-chanting as she advanced slowly towards the goblinoids, and was delighted to see them retreating. Her mind raced to come up with a plan. She decided to push them towards the large entrance of the blind chamber she was in. Once she was close enough to the entrance, she could throw the magic flame as a distraction and run for it. Kadren hoped the flame would be enough to discourage a pursuit, but she knew her spell was not powerful enough to incapacitate all of them.

Kadren kept a steady pace forward, and the goblinoids continued to retreat, baring their teeth, and hissing at her in displeasure. Every step forward was taxing, the energy and concentration required was draining her relentlessly, and the progress was aggravatingly slow. She began to have doubts as to whether she would even have enough strength left to run, if she reached the entrance. As is often the case in unpleasant circumstances, time slowed to a snail's pace, and it seemed to Kadren that it might take hours to reach her goal. But steadily she inched closer, and Kadren began to feel a surge of hope as the entrance loomed just a few yards away. Unfortunately, her plan did not succeed. 

Whether it was because it had deduced her plan, or whether it just got tired of retreating, one of the goblinoids - after looking towards the other four, and exchanging quick guttural noises - made a sudden lunge at her from her left. Kadren reacted quickly, and made a rapid movement with her mace arm towards the creature, causing the flame to hurtle at the goblinoid. The flame flared up dramatically on impact, and faded rapidly; there was much screeching that ensued. Kadren had no time to see the result of her flame attack, however, as the others had moved in on her the instant her flame faded. 

Kadren fought off the five assailants for a while. They pursued doggedly, and were wolf-like in their attacks, but Kadren was no easy prey. They had trained her hard in the Order, and she had learned well. But, eventually, shield and mace began to weigh too much, and her movements slowed. Her legs also began to feel like cotton, protesting the running she had made them do, and now this deadly exertion. She was thankful that she had decided to put on her coif before all this happened, for there were a couple of blows from teeth and fangs that surely would have been deadly, instead of just painful, had it not been for the mail headpiece. 

Kadren was able to down two of their pack, and wounded one, before she ended up locked in a deadly wrestling match. She had a goblinoid on each arm and one leg. Her mace had been knocked away and her shield she dropped due to exhaustion. It was then, with both hands involuntarily occupied, that Kadren finally learned what effect her flame spell had had on the last goblinoid, for it was now charging at her, screaming with unmistakable fury. Its face was badly burned on one side, looking like charred and melted dark green flesh; the goblinoid had its one remaining, usable eye trained on Kadren with deep malice. Kadren braced for doom. 

But then... by the entryway... a blink of a shadow... a glint of metal... the charging goblinoid suddenly halted, and fell... A man?... he was too quick... She could not see clearly in the dim light... in the blink of an eye he was upon them. Coj!? No. It was another. His fighting, however, was similar to Coj's, in that both men fought with effortless grace, and incredible speed. Kadren was unable to follow all of his movements. But there were only a few movements made before her assailants had fallen; the last sounds they made were screeches and gurgling noises. 

When all had stopped Kadren looked upon her rescuer and again thought of Coj, for this man looked like he might be half-elven. Now that he was closer, she saw that he had hints of that fair race in his face. But this man's hair was black, instead of gold. He also had a cape on, which was something Coj did not wear. 

After the gruesome task, the stranger wiped the blood off his blade with the ends of his cape; the blade glistened unnaturally, even in the dim light. He then sheathed his sword, and turned to Kadren. "Are you hurt?", he asked. 

"No, I'm fine." Kadren paused to take a breath; she was still trying to steady her breathing. "Many thanks to you." Breath. "I'm indebted to you for saving me." Breath.

"No need for thanks, because I'll be needing your help as well. We will save each other from this wretched place. But first, a quick introduction: my name is Callum Rominel of Thinden. Friends just call me Cal, and I think our common enemy makes us friends. Now, I would like to know who my new friend is."

"I am Kadren. I am a Sister of the Shining Order, from the city of Borjes, of the Kingdom of Galicia.

"Welcome to Dritam" - they both smiled at the humour. "You are a long way from home, Kadren. We will exchange full stories later, but for now I will tell you this: I have been trying to find my friends who were last headed to the evil house above us, and I fell down into this hell when I walked into a trap. I'm guessing you are down here through similar circumstances?"

"Yes, that's right. Except I was with my fr-"... the briefest of pauses: Kadren hesitated to say the word friends for some reason... "-companions before I fell, in the abandoned manor... well, what we thought was abandoned... I had wandered off to a different part of the house. They're probably up there trying to find me right now. I suppose I'm glad they haven't found me, or else it means we're all trapped down here. But, anyway, it looks like you've found me."

The stranger smiled. He was handsome. Kadren felt a tinge of guilt and disappointment in herself for assessing a man's attractiveness in such an inappropriate time. 

"Yes. I was on my way past this area when I noticed something going on in here. I thought I would be passing through as quietly as a mouse, but then I glimpsed someone [he waved his hand in her direction] being prey to those foul creatures'... awful pastimes..." He paused, as if seeing something in front of him, far away. "They delight in evil. I've seen the remains of their victims... and I think I saw what's left of my friends..." 

Kadren shuddered, and for a short time neither of them spoke. During the silence, Kadren glanced upwards at him, when she had had her fill of the silence. Kadren just could not help but notice that he really was beautiful. The more she stared at him, the more she was convinced of elven blood. His hair was pitch black, and his skin reminded her of the moon. Moon Elf? But it couldn't be; they had all been banished...

"There's more of them... we must escape before they find us in full force," said Callum Rominel, breaking Kadren's trance. "It's a vast labyrinth down here, but I've already scouted extensively this wretched place, and I think we're close to the way out. I can lead us towards where I think the exit is. But first, do you need some rest?"

"No, I'm fine." Kadren was still a little winded, and also suddenly felt the fatigue that was due after surviving such a skirmish. She felt her knees give way just a tiny bit when the idea of rest was presented to her, but she held on, willing herself to stay standing. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean for that to sound like a challenge." He smiled, a charming smile. "I meant only to humbly suggest that you rest here while I scout ahead, to ensure the path is still safe. I know you are a great warrior, tireless and stout of heart, but I think we would benefit from your full might in whatever trials we may face... Some rest will help to bring out your full might."

Kadren smiled back at him. "I'm no warrior, my lord, as you've seen... I'm just a common cleric. My strength and skill are far inferior to yours. But I do want to be as helpful as I can be, and not be a burden. There's little I can do to help you, but what little I can do, I'll probably do better after some rest... I understand your meaning... I will rest... And I'm very grateful to you, my lord."

"The name, again, is Cal, my friend, Kadren. And you are certainly most welcome to whatever aid my sword can provide. As for skill and strength... One must remember that both - skill and strength - tend to shine brighter when used on a preoccupied enemy, and both tend to dim with fatigue. We will likely have plenty of opportunities to test both, fully, very soon. For now, you must stay safe and out of sight. Wait for me at the back of this... tunnel, or whatever we might call it.

"Thank you, Cal." She smiled.

Cal tugged at something around his neck and a pendant appeared out from underneath his armor and garb. He then whispered something into it, and the pendant began to glow with a pale blue light. With the glowing gem lighting the way, he walked with her to the end of the chamber, where she could sit and rest, with her back against the wall, as far as possible from the entryway. He handed her a small waterskin when she had settled down, and the water tasted sweet against her dry tongue.

"Here." He unclasped his cape and laid it over her as she drank. "This will make it hard to spot you. To passing eyes, you will appear to be a part of the surroundings."

Kadren cringed a little bit on the inside as she thought about the goblinoid blood he had wiped onto the ends of the cape, but she did not want to appear to be an ingrate, so she smiled a small, tight smile, conveying as much gratefulness as she possibly could. She wrapped the cape around herself, and placed the tail end of the cape on the ground by her feet, as far away from herself as possible. Given that Cal was quite a bit taller, the cape was rather large for her, and the end where the blood might have been ended up at a satisfactory distance from herself. 

She felt an inexplicable comfort and unexpected warmth with the cape wrapped around her. There was also a distinct fragrance that made Kadren think of idyllic summer days; she began thinking of her childhood and her bed back home, but then something inside her told her not to get too comfortable. She took off her coif, and covered her head with the cape as well, so that her head would not betray her presence, should there really be passing eyes. With her thus situated, Cal gave her a smile and nod, then turned to walk out of the chamber; it became dark as he walked away.

With Cal gone, Kadren sat there alone in the silent darkness. She stared at the flames sitting on the torches sparsely lining the entryway, in the distance; there were no torches where she was resting, at the blind end of the chamber. She became curiously fascinated by the flames, which she thought was due to the fact that there was nothing else stimulating going on. Even though they were many yards away, Kadren enjoyed them as if they were up close, noticing that they were adding to the warmth and comfort she was already experiencing. They appeared beautiful to her. 

The flames were rather motionless in the still air of the cave, but Kadren saw such life in them, and she also began to see in them her own life... the warm and comfortable aspects of her life... the happy times she had... happy times she would have soon... She saw dancing, and singing, and laughing... And she saw... passion!... She saw Coj... 

She felt flushed and tingly, in addition to warmth and comfort... She saw Coj and herself holding a long embrace, each not willing to let the other one go... She saw giggling, and teasing, and eyes lingering, and lips... lips meeting, not willing to part... lips brushing gently on skin, soft pecks here and there... And nibbling... playful bites on the right spots... There were caresses too... hands that would never be satisfied, hands that delighted in exploring ... hands that travelled all over, and finally settled on the most secret of places... 

Kadren gasped as the images and sensations became vividly intense, and she felt a shudder, and a twitch in her nether regions. She felt weird. Something was not right, and she felt a dull panic, but she was more curious and delighted by her present state than frightened. She wondered whether she was just giddy from having survived the attack.

Kadren rubbed her cheek against the surprisingly soft fabric of the cape, which was not expected of something worn by a battle-hardened warrior; but perhaps the softness was part of its magical properties, besides just the ability to hide her from sight. The material gave her unexpected joy and pleasure, and she took off her gloves to savour the delightful feel of it in between her fingers, in her palms, on her cheeks, on her lips. She wondered if it was silk, because the word "silky" came to mind. She had only ever encountered silk once before in her life, and she remembered the material to be somewhat similar, but the feel of the cape was a lot more luxuriant and pleasurable than any material that she could remember. 

But she desired the feel of Coj the most. The flames of the torches seemed to have ignited an unknown flame inside herself, and it burned inside her mercilessly, such that she wanted very much to have it quenched. There was a voice inside her that warned of the inappropriateness of her desires in the current setting and situation, but that voice was small and drowned out by the roaring of these strange new fires. Not having Coj nearby, yet desiring him so intensely, Kadren satisfied her urges by obsessively enjoying the feel of the cape, imagining that the tingling pleasures she felt from touching the cape were from Coj's touch. She kneaded and squeezed, trying to draw out every last drop of pleasure the cape might have to offer. She plunged her face in and smelled deeply, trying to get more of that summertime fragrance, which had since turned into an exotic aroma; she sniffed and sniffed, trying to dig out a trace of Coj's scent within the intoxicating aroma of the cape. Everything she did now was for the purpose of getting closer and closer to Coj, and to get closer and closer to the ultimate pleasure that was overdue, the ultimate closeness she was supposed to share with Coj.

And as she was thus fully absorbed, she felt a light tap on her shoulder; it startled her so much that it might as well have been a slap in the face. She looked up to see Cal with a smirk on his face.

"I'm glad to see you enjoying my gift to you."

"Y-yes... I-I-I... uhhh... I..." Karen struggled to find the right words. How could she explain to him what was going on? But the truth of the matter was that she had no idea what was going on. She could not even explain to herself why she was behaving the way she was.

"That's quite alright. No need to explain. It is a wondrous piece of garment isn't it?" he said, the smirk never leaving his face; he seemed oddly satisfied about something. 

"I'm sorry," Kadren said apologetically, finally finding enough of her voice to utter something complete. "I'm not sure what came over me. Perhaps I'm more exhausted than I thought, and I'm not fully in my right mind..." She hoped that he saw only her enjoyment of the fabric, and not the imagined pleasures it provoked. "But your cape is, indeed... wonderful..." Kadren said, as she handed the cape back to him. "It gives me great comfort. It... it has some wonderful magic." 

"It was made with comfort in mind... And pleasure..." His smile turned up even more, and he looked extremely amused.

Before Kadren could fully dwell on why he said "pleasure" with such pleasure, he interrupted her thoughts with a sudden urgency. 

"Come. We must go quickly. I've found our salvation." He offered his hand. 

She quickly took his hand, almost reflexively, spurred on by the urgency in his voice. But when she stood up, Kadren wobbled, and realised that she had gotten up too quickly for her current state. She fell into Cal, who steadied her effortlessly with his obvious strength. Kadren felt a sense of security and comfort, and lingered in his arms. She also filled herself with his soothing scent, the same scent that was in the cape, the same scent that seemed to be everywhere. She looked up to see Cal smiling knowingly at her, and she noticed that she found him even more appealing now. She chastised herself for being attracted to Cal. She wished it was Coj holding her, for she desired nothing more than to be held in that instant, and she also did not want to feel guilty. 

"I'm sorry. I'm alright," and she stood up straight, without his support. 

"Are you sure?" he asked, still with a smile. 

"Yes. Let's go. Please lead the way."

She followed Cal, who led her out of the passageway, into the next chamber. As their exodus continued, Kadren felt gradually stranger. She found herself more and more in a dream-like state, and her thoughts lingered more and more on Coj, or Cal's handsome face. She did not keep track of where they were going, but it seemed to Kadren they had gone a long way. They passed by so many rocky walls that all looked the same, and Kadren wondered at times whether they had circled around and retraced their steps. Once in a while, Kadren would need to rest, leaning on the cave walls, trying to shake the daze from her head. Cal would smile at her, and offered his hand several times, but Kadren declined, fearing the comfort she had felt in his arms, and the attraction to his appearance. And all the while, Cal seemed to be holding in a restless excitement, which Kadren assumed was due to his strong desire to leave the underground dungeon. 

Finally, they stopped just outside the entryway of yet another chamber. Kadren thought she could hear some strange noises coming from within the brightly lit chamber, and she reached for her mace, but Cal motioned for her to relax.

"It's alright. Come and see. It is our salvation." 

It took a second before Kadren realized what she was seeing; but when her eyes finally did believe what they saw, Kadren inhaled sharply, and her eyes and mouth opened wide in disbelief...
