 Note from the author: When I initially wrote the first part, I didn't anticipate making it into a series. But the feedback I got was not only positive but also looking for more! I can only hope you like where I end up taking these characters and their experiences get you as hot when you read them as they did me while I was writing them. I have to also give some credit to my boyfriend who helped me write from the male perspective.

*****

"The wheels on the bus go 'round and 'round, 'round and 'round, 'round and 'round..."

Braden sat on the cushioned bus seat between his two sons, singing the children's song along with other parents who were trying to keep their own kids calm in light of the day's chaotic turn of events. If he heard the question, "Where's mommy?" one more time, he was liable to chuck himself out of the bus and hope he'd get caught under the wheels for a quick-ish death. 

The parade had hardly gotten under way that morning before the town siren began to wail and all the attendees were ushered to the town square by officials. Emergency broadcast messages were sounding off left and right and every cellphone lit up like an Amber Alert rippling through the crowd. Upon checking their screens, they discovered no child had gone missing. The text carried one simple instruction: EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY. DIRECT TO NEAREST EMERGENCY SERVICES CENTER.

Almost immediately, Braden heard the sirens racing up the street towards the parade route. Accompanying the police cars and fire trucks were scores of school buses to carry persons to the nearest shelter. The men in uniforms directed folks onto the yellow buses, asking them to remain calm and "all questions will be answered shortly." As he huddled his children closer and made his way towards one of the buses, his thoughts turned to Jane. 

Initially he was cranky at the thought of having to wake up early on a day that he was looking forward to sleeping in. He HAD to get the kids out of the house early so Jane wouldn't blow three gaskets before the sun was even up. Braden knew the woman he married, he knew she'd need her space so she could feel she had complete control over how the day would proceed. After being married for 6 years, he had become fully aware of her neuroses for the holidays, but Thanksgiving in particular had to be perfect for her. But it seemed to him, especially after the children were born, that Jane was more interested in making everything look perfect instead of actually working at making things better...like their marriage. More macrame and Mommy Vlogging and less intimacy towards her husband. 

When he could steal moments with her, they were short and...perfunctory. He rarely felt passion from her and for the life of him, he couldn't figure out what he was doing wrong. It certainly wasn't always this way. Her sex drive was almost a curse in as much as it was a blessing when they were dating and even when they had finally gotten married. They fucked like the world was ending and the last thing they wanted before checking out was to be in each other's arms. 

Braden thought back to that morning, as he lay in bed, cursing his brain for waking him up long before his alarm was supposed to go off. He turned away from his clock, rolling onto his back, letting one hand rest just above his navel as the other arm lay extended alongside his head. He stared at the ceiling for a brief moment, contemplating whether he should close his eyes again or pull out his phone and check his email and other bullshit. 

A weight shifted to his left and he glanced towards the foot of the bed just in time to see his wife's share of the sheets fall off the mattress. He smiled at the sight, knowing shortly she'd curl up tight because she was getting cold. He turned fully to his side to watch her sleep, her back to him as was her custom. 

God she is beautiful, he thought. She'd go to the gym 4 to 5 days out of the week, not that she needed it. A thought crossed his mind that this was where she poured all her sex-kitten-energy, her workouts at the gym. Otherwise she'd be using him to break a sweat. 

Her right leg shifted and then bent at the knee. His eyes, finally adjusted to the darkness noticed her nightgown had shifted in her sleep. He followed the trail of skin it left exposed all the way to her hip, unable to keep his thoughts away from the last time his hands had taken a hold of her from behind. They had gone away to the beach for a weekend. She had had a little too much to drink. The second night there, they were chasing each other on the sand and she took a fall. He reached out to help her up but instead of taking his hand, she stayed on the ground, shifting onto her hands and knees, using one free hand to lift her beach dress. Looking at him with eyes that said, "What the fuck are you waiting for?" 

It bothered him that she only ever appeared to want him when she was drunk. He recalled how he used to be able to growl in her ear and she'd press herself against him and giggle. He could stroke her thigh and she would shiver and smile. These days he felt lucky if he could avoid an exasperated sigh or eye roll. He missed his wife. He missed the feel of her skin. He missed the touch of her hands and the softness of her lips. 

The stiffness in his boxer briefs could no longer be attributed to morning wood. At the mere thought of her lips, he wanted to be with her, alongside her, on top of her, behind her...inside her. Without realizing he had moved, his hand was on her exposed hip, surprised by the heat of her skin on such a chilly night. He caressed her skin, intending only to savor the feeling of her body for a moment before moving to take care of his own needs...on his own. But something happened then he did not intend.

She moaned. The soft sound startled him and he almost jerked his hand back thinking he had disturbed her but instead he kept their connection, leaving his hand on the swell of her hips and feeling so tempted to move closer. When she stopped, he attempted to recreate the reaction. He allowed his hand to first move down her thigh, using his fingertips to trace a line from just above her knee all the way back to her waist, still hidden under her nightgown. 

She moaned again. Not a "You're bothering me" moan. This moan was almost guttural. It came from a place inside not yet touched by whatever conscious aversion it was that kept her from him when she was awake and sober. He'd heard the same sound come from her that night on the beach and on countless nights before they'd had the children. It stirred a similar primal urge in him to join with her, to access the deep recesses of her body that still called to him, regardless of what her conscious self might otherwise say. 

He moved closer behind her and his hand moved away from the top of her thigh to the back, weaving a trail of feather-light touches from the back of her knee right up to the cleft of her beautiful posterior. He paused for only a moment before allowing his hand to proceed over her cheek. He wanted to know, had to feel, if she was as excited as he thought she might be. The heat he felt on her skin was nothing compared to the heat coming from her core. Without touching her center, he grazed the skin around instead, relishing the slick wetness that was escaping her in veritable torrents. 

Her hips moved. He did not. She moved again, still moaning as she did so. He still did not move. Then he heard something else escape her lips. 

In a breathy whisper she said, "Touch meeeee..."

His hand, not waiting for a conscious directive, moved of its own accord and cupped her slit from behind. He could smell how much she wanted him at this point and it took every ounce of restraint in him to not simply mount her and claim her as his once again. He chose instead to savor the moment, to take in every sight, sound, smell, and sensation because who knew when she would allow him this access again. His fingers manipulated her lips, massaging the sides of her vulva, electing not to penetrate her just yet. He wanted to take his time and remind her of how amazing being together could be. Even though he ached from the pit of his stomach to the tip of his cock to be buried in her warmth, he resisted and continued to stroke her gently. 

Jane's hand moved from the mattress to the neck of her nightgown, pulling it down and exposing her breast to the predawn light creeping through the window. Her body shifted and she moved from laying on her left shoulder to laying almost completely on her back. Braden stopped trying to stroke her from under and behind, taking the opportunity to part her legs, now that she was on her back and basically tearing her own clothes from her body. His hand found her mound again and his stroking continued, teasing with penetration but holding back until he himself could be inside her. Resting on his elbow, he positioned himself to apply his mouth and tongue to her exposed breast. Her hand rested on his head, stroking his hair and encouraging his ministrations with every tiny sound erupting from her own mouth. 

The room was slowly growing more illuminated and every additional ray of light helped him burn the image before him into his memory. The vision of his wife, spread eagle in their bed, terribly wet at his touch, grinding and all but begging for him to be inside her...he knew it wouldn't last. Her alarm would go off soon. One of the kids would wake up and demand breakfast. Their idyll would be shattered. The real world would invade their erotic moment and steal any chance of recapturing it. This had to be done now. 

As if reading his thoughts, Jane whispered, "Please...now. I need you now."

He was prepared to climb on top of her but she instead presented her back to him again, pushing her hips against his. When the penetration wasn't immediate, she whimpered and it almost sent him over the edge. Pulling the waist band of his jockey shorts down and off his body completely, he positioned himself directly behind her and lined the head of his cock directly with her pussy. 

"God, yes..." the whispers continued. Her hips bucked against his, writhing in an attempt to instigate the penetration herself. 

Jesus, he thought. This was beyond anything he had ever seen from her before. But he didn't question it. Instead, he took her right leg in his hand and lifted it to provide himself with better access. With one thrust, he was inside her to the hilt and a wild groan escaped him as he felt himself enveloped in the most intense sensation he had ever felt with Jane. It felt...electric, to be inside her. Her body was humming with an energy he could not find the words to describe. Something ethereal. Transcendent. Other worldly. 

He couldn't stop himself. He was gripping her right thigh with one hand while the other took hold of her left shoulder. The thrusting had taken on a life of its own. Nothing would stop it. Nothing would break this connection until they had exploded with each other and were spent in a heap of twisted sheets, glistening skin, and flaccid muscle. 

Braden felt his heart pounding in his chest and his eyes closed tight. His hand had moved from her shoulder to her neck and he was squeezing harder than he meant to...and she liked it. He had seen her smile over her shoulder as he moved in and out of her with increasing urgency. The moment he felt her muscles tighten around his, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. 

Jane clawed at the sheets and bit into the pillow, shaking as each wave of orgasm washed over her and through her. Braden felt each and every one, plugged into her as deeply as he was. Her release was followed almost immediately by his, each pulse sending shocks of pleasure through to the tips of his toes and leaving him wholly unaware of anything beyond this pleasure. Not realizing he had done so, he fell asleep still inside her. He couldn't remember wanting to dislodge himself from her or being capable of movement even if he did want to. 

But the dreams that followed that particular interlude were...troubling. He would liken them to fever dreams, lucid visions of a peculiar world where nothing was recognizable or made sense to him. It felt foreign, not only because he couldn't recognize his surroundings but also because he didn't feel like himself... And then suddenly he was in his bedroom again. Laying in his bed, next to Jane. 

Jane...what a peculiar name for such an exquisite creature...

He didn't like this. Braden wanted to wake up. The eyes he felt looking through his were consuming the very image of his wife. It was a feeling Braden could appreciate. He was doing it himself just moments before...but he knew whatever was sharing this dream with him should be keeping its damned eyes off his wife! It was making him sick and yet he could feel himself wanting to be aroused again. He could imagine every orifice of this creature before him being filled again and again, in an endless rapid succession of rapture. This creature named Jane.

So easily manipulated, these creatures. Wanton by nature. The taking will be effortless.

Braden felt himself fight the thoughts. Not only because he didn't understand them but because he could feel the intention behind them. A salacious malice. A desire to subjugate and devour. The seeking of a...vessel?

A blaring alarm pierced the veil of this incredibly lucid dream and Braden sat up bolt-right in bed, still completely naked but also completely soaked in sweat. His breath, initially caught in his chest, began to relax and Braden realized he was still in his room and everything was as it should be. 

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Jane, also sitting up but with her feet over the edge of the bed and with her back to him. 

He shook his head free of the sleep and fear that still clung to him. "Good morning, hun."

He heard Jane sigh and then saw her look over her shoulder at him. She arched her eyebrow at him and shook her head in disbelief. 

Braden was confused. "What's wrong," he asked. 

She sighed again, still shaking her head. "I can't believe you would try to seduce me on today of all days. I don't have time for any of...this," she said, gesturing angrily to his nakedness. "I need to start prepping decorations, side dishes, and everything else so the faster you and the kids can get out of here the better."

"Seduce you? You mean, you don't remember th-"

"What? What don't I remember?" 

Braden bristled at her tone but he held back. He was more confused than anything at this point. Why wouldn't she remember any of it...

"Nothing. I'll get the kids ready. You do your thing." 

She huffed and stood up from the bed, slipped on her robe and walked out of the room.

Braden initially feared it had all been part of his awkward dream until he saw the wet spots on Jane's side of the bed, precisely where she had just been sitting, where he was apparently still leaking out of her. 

Back in the present, on the bus surrounded by children, he felt he should have pressed the issue. He wasn't sure how it would have helped what was happening right now but there was a nagging thought creeping around his mind and beginning to take root. Somehow, in some way, what happen between him and Jane this morning and this "emergency" were related. 

Something had gone terribly, terribly wrong.