 Author's note: this story was originally submitted as part of a friendly contest between Literotica authors. I liked the premise so much I decided to expand a little upon it. I hope you enjoy this little Fantasy/Sci-Fi tale. Feel free to comment if you wish, but please don't forget to vote. 

This is the second of a two-part installment. 

* * * * 

Twelfth Day, Second Quadrimester, Year 3743 

Taverns and inns were customarily open well into the night, and those of the city-state of Averine were no exception. Gavin found one close to the city gate and gave a few coins to the valet to secure their horses. With Adastriana close beside him, he led the way into the tavern. 

Eyes fell upon them. The sight of an armored knight-gunman with a comely young woman - even one swallowed up by a cloak - beside him was enough to stir imaginations and make those with guilty consciences squirm in their chairs. Gavin ignored the sometimes fearful, sometimes challenging looks and stepped directly to the bar. He was conscious of how close Adastriana stayed to him, and he did not blame her. A woman of her qualities alone in such a place at a late hour would be mercilessly set upon by those with cruelly carnal intent. 

"Good evening, knight-gunman," said the stocky man behind the counter. "I hope this is not an official visit?" 

"No. Just passing through. I need a room for my companion and I, one with hot and cold plumbing, and soap. And if I could have a menu; we are in need of real food." 

The bartender relaxed with a smile and handed over a folded menu. "Of course, good sir. I'll have your room prepared." His eyes flickered across Adastriana's pretty face. "Eh, one bed, or two?" 

"Two," Gavin said quickly as he perused the fare. 

"I will see to it. Call on me when you have chosen your meals." 

Gavin turned to Adastriana as the bartender stepped away. "You do not mind sharing a room for the night, do you?" 

She shook her head. "Of course not." He brow furrowed in thought. "Gavin, why are you continuing on to Neustis when another knight, dispatched by the Oracle, was sent to kill you?" 

"Because that is my mission," Gavin replied simply. "I do not have the option of abandoning my quest. My life would be forfeit." 

"But if you arrive, and the Oracle demands your death, what then?" 

"Then at least I served my purpose in life," Gavin replied curtly. "What do you want to eat?" 

Adastriana gave a frustrated sigh at the change in conversation, and told herself she would resume it later. "Let me see the menu." 

* * * * 

Sated from their meal, Gavin and Adastriana were lead to their room on the topmost floor of the inn. The elderly woman who escorted them was the owner's mother, a kindly woman who assured them they would be left in privacy after commenting on what an attractive couple they made. The zantrist blushed but said nothing. Gavin scowled. 

"You may bathe first," the knight-gunman said once they were within the room with the doors closed. He removed the holstered pistol from his belt and tossed it onto one of the beds. 

Adastriana looked about the room, noting the amenities. A large open alcove included a tub, sink, and toilet. She was grateful for at least some measure of civilization away from her temple. "More than I expected," she commented, unfastening the clasp of the cloak. She let the garment fall to the ground amid a cloud of wasteland dust. 

"More than we need . . ." began Gavin as he unfastened his bracers. He followed after Adastriana with his eyes, watching the way the woman casually divested herself of her minimal clothing. Dust and grime from the wastelands contrasted starkly with the pale, revealed skin as she slid off the rest of her clothing. Casually nude, the woman stepped to the tub and turned on the faucet. 

Having adjusted the temperature of the water as it flowed into the large basin, Adastriana stood in profile to Gavin. He admired the shape of the woman's firm breasts, the tautness of her buttocks, the intricate swirling tattoos that covered her arms and shoulders. Even with the grit of travel upon her, she was easily the loveliest woman Gavin had ever seen. 

He suddenly realized she had turned her head to look his way, and quickly cast his eyes down. "My apologies," he muttered. 

"I am not embarrassed," she said. "You have, after all, seen me fully before." 

Gavin allowed himself a small, fond smile. "Yes, and it is something I will never forget." 

She turned to face him, delicious and unabashed in her casual nudity. Her nipples stiffened, growing darker. A flirtatious smile stretched one corner of her mouth. "A cherished memory?" she asked. 

He looked upon her, feeling less embarrassed for doing so now that she was obviously enjoying his attention. Even his stoic nature could not help but give way to a sense of arousal upon seeing Adastriana's brazen beauty. "Perhaps." 

She flashed her eyes. "I would be willing to give you another memory," she said suggestively. "One even more . . . intimate." 

The armor over Gavin's groin was beginning to feel confining. "You do not need to give yourself to me." 

She stepped closer. "I know that," she said. "I am not a 'temple harlot,' as you would say, right now. I am my own woman. I do not offer myself out of gratitude for having saved my life at least twice. I offer myself because I want to." 

His brow furrowed. "'Because you want to,'" Gavin repeated skeptically. He found it strange to consider that anyone would do something they were not directed, or compelled to do in some fashion. 

She stopped just before him, close enough that her nipples nearly grazed his armor. "Is that really a difficult concept to understand?" she asked in a soft, seductive voice. "That a person - a woman - would want to be with you out of simple desire, and nothing more?" 

"I . . . am not the sort of man women desire," he said awkwardly. 

She studied Gavin's face a moment, reading his loneliness. Her heart fluttered amid a sudden realization that her grim knight's stoicism was not simply an occupational requirement, but the result of a life dedicated to spurning desires in favor of following duty. 

She lifted up and brushed her lips gently across his. "You are now," she whispered. 

He said nothing in response. No words came to mind. He could face any number of deadly threats and emerge the victor, but at that moment, Gavin Reed, accomplished knight-gunman of Owrn, felt . . . vulnerable. He did not know how to act. 

Thankfully, Adastriana took the moment in hand and encouraged him to divest himself of his armor. She stepped back, watching as Gavin removed the bracers, then the greaves, then every other piece of potent protection he wore until he was clad only in a quilted bodysuit with a zipper down the front. The aroma of sweat, sweet yet strong, wafted from him. He had been wearing his armor for two full days without removing it, after all. 

Adastriana reached for the small tab of the zipper and pulled it down. The cloth separated from his skin, revealing the muscled torso beneath. As she smoothed her fingers between cotton and skin, pushing the bodysuit from his shoulders, she observed numerous scars, burns and other marks, the result of a life of constant conflict. Some of them looked ghastly, prompting her to wonder how he had ever survived such wounds. Each one of them was a story, she knew, and probably not one she would be able to hear without cringing. 

At last, she lowered herself to her knees, dragging Gavin's bodysuit down his body. She smirked knowingly at the outline of his penis before it was revealed, and licked her lips in approval at the half-swollen phallus as it dangled before her. She helped Gavin step from the garment and settled her hands to his thighs, gazing upon that one delicious part of his anatomy that thoroughly identified him as male. 

"I have always admired the sight of this particular part of a man's body," she remarked. "Each is like a face; no two are alike. I find the variety . . . stimulating." 

Gavin grimaced, feeling uncomfortable in his nudity, despite the arousal the woman before him elicited. He was conscious of the odor of his body, though it did not seem to perturb the zantrist woman at all. 

She slid upwards until she was standing, and took his hand. "Come. Share the bath with me." 

Gavin yet remained silent, but he allowed himself to be led to the tub. 

* * * * 

Never had he been so pampered. The attention Adastriana gave him was almost embarrassing. In his life, the simple act of cleaning one's body had been nothing more than a series of mechanical motions. But now, Adastriana tended to him as if caring for a child. Sponges had been placed at the tub's edge, and the zantrist used them with thoroughly sensual motions, lathering them with soap and caressing Gavin's body. The water grew cloudy as the dirt was washed away. 

Then the temptress treated Gavin to another erotic sight, one far more sultry and arousing than the self-pleasuring display of the evening before. She sat upon the edge of the tub, thighs casually parted, and washed herself. Skin glistened wetly as she massaged the soap into her body. Adastriana seemed lost to her own world as she carefully cleansed every part of her body, from her face and neck to her feet and toes. She even lifted both legs to settle her feet on opposite sides of the tub, fully exposing the fleshy pink heart of her sex, as she ardently scrubbed around her labia and anus. 

With a final dousing rinse from the shower above the tub, Adastriana again took Gavin's hand and led him from the tub to one of the beds. They did not bother to dry off. Feet smacked wetly upon the bare floors, leaving prints upon old wooden grain. 

She turned to face him once they reached the bed, giving a look of uncompromising desire. Her eyes were heady, lips parted and moist. "Tell me how you want to make love," she whispered. 

Gavin's eyes shifted nervously. He could not meet her gaze. "I am . . . easily satisfied," he managed to say. 

She placed her hands upon his chest, feeling the muscle, the scars, the pain beneath. "I don't want to satisfy you easily," she said. "I want to satisfy you completely." She planted small kisses upon his chest, working up to his neck. 

Gavin shuddered. He was not used to not being in control. The reversal of roles between he and Adastriana were both aggravating and alluring. His cock was firm and thick, brushing against her abdomen. There was a part of him that demanded he throw her down upon the bed and have his way, as he had always done with women. They had always given themselves so easily, but without passion. It had been their duty, after all. But now, here was a woman providing the passion he had never known. He was unsure of how to act. 

She sucked tenderly at the base of his neck, then pulled back and stared into his eyes. Her own were soft, round, eager. She wanted to please. "Tell me." 

He cleared his throat nervously. "I . . . don't know. It has always been the . . . basic way for me." 

"'The basic way,'" she echoed, then smiled meaningfully. "Well, there will be nothing 'basic' about tonight, I assure you." She stepped back, then lowered herself to the bed. Wooden posts and old springs creaked slightly as the woman eased back, parting her legs to showcase the glistening treasure between her thighs. 

"Have you ever tasted a woman?" 

Gavin's gaze fell between her thighs. Adastriana's pussy glowed a succulent pink, the inner lips flaring out as she casually stroked her sex. "Tasted?" he asked dubiously. 

She tittered softly. "Yes. Tasted." She tapped a fingertip upon the hooded bulb of her clitoris. "I want you to lick me. Right here." 

Dutifully, Gavin lowered himself to his knees between Adastriana's splayed thighs. The aroma of her arousal, mingled with the clean scent of the bath, filled his senses. Tentatively, he placed his hands upon the zantrist's thighs and leaned in. He was enraptured by the sight of the woman's sex. Never in his life had he been so close to a woman's treasure. And never had he been so aroused. 

"Go on," she urged him softly. "Taste me." 

He looked to her face, seeing the heavy passion coloring her features. Something in him understood that she was genuinely aroused, and becoming moreso as he succumbed to her desires. And that, in turn, fueled his own. So he leaned in further, inhaling more of her succulent scent. The aroma made his cock throb. He eyed her pussy, noting the slick wetness of her inner lips as they shimmered between the more pale and firm outer flesh of her vulva. Carefully, he slipped out his tongue and lapped along the soft wet flesh. 

"Oh, Gods . . . ." his lover moaned, lifting and spreading her legs even more. She slipped a hand behind his head, stared down with an impassioned face. "Go on. Do that again." 

Gavin smiled, like a schoolboy praised by a teacher he wished to impress. He licked again and again, finding the flavor of Adastriana's pussy to be, all at once, gamey, pungent, bitter, sweet, and savory. Never had he tasted anything like it. The uniqueness spurred him on, encouraged him to delve further with his tongue. He slipped into the heated heart of her wetness, making the woman shudder. 

Adastriana groaned and rotated her hips, pushing against Gavin's mouth. She whimpered, mewed, moaned and gasped. Falling back upon the bed, the alluring zantrist curled up her thighs and placed both hands upon the back of Gavin's head. She pulled his mouth firmly against her pussy. 

"Don't stop . . . don't stop . . . ." she panted heatedly, over and over. Gavin didn't. Encouraged by the effect he was having upon his lover, he licked and sucked, moaning on his own, finding a sense of accomplishment at making his lover writhe. 

After only a few minutes more, Adastriana began convulsing, arching her back, gasping and grunting like an animal in heat. She took her hands from Gavin's head and slapped them to the tattered bedcovers, clawing handfuls of cheap linen. She shoved her pussy against Gavin's face and cried out with her orgasm. 

He clutched her thighs and kept licking, kept sucking, tasting a different flavor now. It was much more bittersweet than what he had experienced before, and overall, much more enticing. He lapped between her slick folds to get it all. Pulling back, a tendril of sticky white fluid stretched from the opening of Adastriana's vagina to his chin. 

The woman sat up suddenly, still panting, breasts, neck and face glowing with primal rouge. She grinned upon him, a thankful, worshipful look, then cupped his face and kissed him deeply. She did not seem to mind the flavor of her own climax upon his lips; indeed, she licked all around his mouth. 

"Now it's your turn," she whispered hotly. "Lay on the bed. I want to taste you." 

Gavin arched a brow at his lover's words, but his libido had been piqued to the point of not questioning anything Adastriana proposed. So as the woman made room upon the bed, Gavin lay upon the mattress, his stiff cock jutting up with need. Adastriana cooed playfully at the sight of it, then grasped the shaft firmly while swinging her leg over Gavin's body, positioning herself atop him so that her slick pussy was over Gavin's face, and her own poised above Gavin's cock.  

The zantrist murmured in approval as she stroked the stiff shaft beneath her face. The head glistened wetly, due to the clear, sticky fluid that had already begun to seep from the slit at the tip. Emitting soft moans and sighs, she licked all around Gavin's cock, tasting the seepage. Then, slipping her fingers to the base, she slid her mouth down the shaft, sucking the full length of him past her tongue and into her throat. Her chin pressed against the flat muscular plateau of his lower abdomen. For as long as she could hold her breath, Adastriana sucked and caressed her lover's cock with all the skill she possessed, letting her throat massage the head. 

Gavin groaned. The sensations his lover gave him were new and incredibly delicious. Try as he might to continue pleasuring Adastriana's nearly addictive sex, he could not deny the overwhelming esthesis her talented mouth was delivering upon him. He flicked his tongue, nipped, kissed, even tried to suck, but the ministrations of his lover were too much. 

Very soon, he felt the pulses of a powerful orgasm building beneath his groin. As Adastriana pumped her mouth up and down, sucking ardently, he could actually feel his cock swelling between her lips. The instinctual urge to experience the rush completely overcame any thought he might have to warn his lover. 

A hoarse, heated cry erupted from Gavin's lungs, just as his cock erupted in Adastriana's mouth. Thick gushes of warm fluid saturated her tongue, her cheeks, yet the woman responded with a muffled moan of approval, and continued sucking to draw out every last drop. She slipped her lips up to just the tip, swallowed, then delved back down to coax out more of Gavin's rich gift. She found the taste primal and semi-sweet, the consistency almost as thick as pudding; it had been a quite a while since her lover had last enjoyed a release, she realized. 

He twitched and shuddered beneath her, clawing at the woman's firm buttocks. The feel of her mouth upon him after orgasm was maddening, a strange convergence of pleasure and pain. But Adastriana seemed to know when to stop the delicious agony. She simply held his cock within her mouth, suckling gently, feeling it twitch between her tongue and palate as a few last trickles of fluid seeped across her tongue. 

With a soft muffled chuckle of proud satisfaction, she slid off Gavin's body, still massaging him with her mouth. She knew all too well that men were typically inspired by an erotic sight more than anything else, and she was certain Gavin was no different. Indeed, as he lifted his head to look down upon the lovely zantrist, and seeing her still ardently suckling him, he groaned with renewed arousal. His cock twitched between Adastriana's lips, remaining firm. 

She slid her mouth from him with a self-impressed smile, then moved about until she straddled him. The heat of her sex soaked into his still-erect shaft. "Not done?" 

Gavin managed a small chuckle as he regained his breath. "I was about to ask the same." 

Adastriana smiled adoringly upon the man beneath her. Her gaze wandered, again, over the multitude of scars and burns upon his body. There was even one just above and to the right of the base of his penis, which she traced with a finger. Yet for all that physical deformity, she found him handsome. A man who could survive as much as he had was certainly due a good deal of respect, and a respected man was, to Adastriana, a sexy man. 

She carefully lifted his cock and pressed the shaft against her pussy, gently undulating back and forth to stimulate him. She was careful not to massage the delicate area just beneath the crown of his penis, knowing from experience how sensitive men were there after orgasm. "Do you like a woman to be on top?" she asked. 

He lifted his hands to caress her body, her breasts. "This would be the first time," he responded truthfully. Bidden by sexual instinct, he shifted his hips, pushing up against her. Adastriana smiled, both in response to his statement and to the obvious indication that he was ready for more. 

She leaned over him, supporting herself on one hand as the other guided the head of his cock toward the slippery entrance of her pussy. "Do not be afraid to take control of me," she said meaningfully, eyes blazing with lust. "I do so like that sometimes." 

Gavin smoothed his hands along her lean, smooth torso, enjoying the contrast of his battle-worn body against her younger, supple one. "I will keep that in mind," he returned, then grunted as the woman slid down, enshrouding his length within a cocoon of snug, pulsing, heated flesh. 
