 ***All characters are reoccurring from Ch. 01: King of Cujra, so it is advised to read that first if you don't mind bisexual stuff. All characters depicted in sexual acts are above 18 years of age.***



Casia put on her leather corset, then stuffed her two short swords into their scabbards. They were polished to a sparkling shine, almost blinding when pulled out. Her hidden dagger went into the side of the corset, vanishing behind the lace. This wasn't a day where she would "dress" as scantily as her sisters, fingering herself to cheer on Lione. The air smelled threatening, she would be prepared.

Kujrakun may mean Lione's cock to many, Casia was certain it should be her face. War after war was started by her father, half the fortune signed away by Gold, half the tribes angered by Lione. He dangled his cock at everything, yet seemingly it solved all Lione's problems. Contrary to the populations belief, very few problems vanished in the absence of Casia's intervention. When the futanaris tried capturing villages, she had killed the tribe lieutenants, Lione had just fucked their leader. When Gold lost the family fortune, she stole most of it back, Lione just waved his cock and killed a Gret. He stabs them, yet she has to kill them and clean the blood. Yet, as much as she hated him, a part of her was always loyal to him, he may not have been the god they made him out to be, but he was a man, the only man she ever willingly allowed to mount her. 

Her father may have been a man once, but as he grew old he was someone who would insist being sucked when she would return from war. Covered in blood and soil, she would return to him lecturing her about respect when she refused to be his plaything. Casia could not forget the withering old shit pointing towards his half erect cock whenever she was around him. Resisting at first worked, but her father had friends, friends with odd accents and strange smells. The day a man in a purple robe and a hood over his face came to the palace was the day she realized there were other forces at play in Albicania. The robed man looked her right in the eye and whispered something, his eyes grew red and then next thing she remembered was her father's elderly body on top of her, forcing himself inside her. She wanted to resist but she was incapacitated, words, actions, the ability to resist simply did not exist to her anymore. She had forgotten how to resist. When her father was inside her from there on out, the word "no" did not exist until he spent his seed inside her. Until the day Lione killed him, hundreds of numb fucks later. She had wanted Lione's monster inside of her so badly that day that she feigned attacking him, allowing him to think he had dominated her. Twelve hours he had mounted her, and twelve hours Casia had genuinely enjoyed being fucked.

Although Kujra demanded leadership from the strongest human available, a daughter killing a father was seen less gloriously than a son killing a father. The cock ran this kingdom, as it did in Amazonia. In other places though, Casia would have been Queen with an army of loyal soldiers following her to their death. She would not have endured a brother's cock or a father's curse there, in those places she would be the true heir. She may be Queen if her mother and Lione died, but then she'd be facing the Grets alone, while all the sycophants abandoned their family when the first sign of a real threat revealed itself. Kujra was a man's world. 

That was why Lione was down there alone, cock in hand and sword in another. He didn't need to win, he needed to make it seem like any result other than winning was impossible. It wasn't an impossibility though, it was a probability. The Grets were four, all young men with big muscles and long cocks. Only two needed to distract Lione, with a third shooting an arrow through his rectum and the Kujrakun were history. Grets were not village scum in armor that Lione could kill by the score, these were some of the best gladiators, born and raised to end the Kujrakun reign. The day of the Gret was inevitable and Lione lacked the humility to call her to his back. She would be there though, her dagger ready to be thrown, her swords ready to be drawn in a less than a second to save Lione...from the seats above. Seconds mattered and she might not have them.

She stepped outside her barracks, near the colosseum. That was where she slept most nights, with her soldiers at hand or, more frequently, below her sheets licking her sex until she fell asleep. If Lione could fuck everything that moved, Casia would not deny herself some pleasure. Penetration was another story though. 

"Bright day mother," she said as Liana walked passed her, wearing nothing a bright red linen dress with holes for her tits to hang out of, "You should expect an odd tan dressed like that."

"Do not mock me daughter, if you had suckled on my chest as your sisters did, you would have a bigger chest and a husband's cock. Well any cock at that. Enough of this virgin daughter, if you mean to judge my chastity save it for another day, we are here to watch your brother stomp ants, and your sisters finger their clit," her mother replied with the specific condescending tone she reserved for Casia.

Coroni and Lya followed, each kissing Casia twice on the cheek and smiling, before rushing along because of Liana's impatient complaining. Both were completely naked, as a taunt towards the Grets. To have your family naked by your side in battle indicated certainty of success, an impossibility that the naked would be molested. Casia wasn't surprised to see that they both had the cock statues they had modeled after Lione's cock in hand. She assumed they were going to use it at some point during the battle, to fuck themselves with or throw onto the Grets. They were sweet girls but nothing more than spoiled princesses, playthings for her brother and whatever lowly servant they secretly desired. Their lust for cock they got from their mother, their laziness was learnt from their elderly father, and recklessness they absorbed from their older brother. Casia loved them both though despite their flaws, she liked to remember them as the girls she used to have mock battles with when they were young (before they discovered cock), braid their hair as they were more conscious of their appearance, and when she was older let, them lick her pussy when they found out she had never felt herself down there. She remembered how good Lya was with her tongue, and how soft it was lying between Coroni's pillowy tits. Weeks turned to months as she discovered herself with her sisters, and they were more than happy to indulge her. She loved the way their cunts tasted as they rode her face, how magically they could finger each other. When they offered her a young servant's cock she refused though, she was content with oral sex. She found pussy licking empowering, taking cock an act of submission. 

Casia reached the royal box and took a seat with Lya to her right and the bannister to her left. The box itself was a marvel in it's own right, the only piece of luxury in the fighting pits. Sitting here was a privilege only ruling families enjoyed; although Casia would have preferred sitting with her troops in the bleachers than with her naked sisters in the comfortable chairs. Lya pulled Casia's hand and put it on her crotch, timing it to Lione walking into the sandy pit, wearing his belt of daggers with a bow in hand. He had a quiver around his back with four arrows. 

"Grets, I shall waste no speech on your kind, let us battle!" Lione shouted, riling the five hundred member audience to cheers. The people of Kujra loved Lione right now, Casia was certain that would change if he lost. The four Grets wasted no time in replying to the insult, and formed a circle around Lione almost instantly. Three pulled out spears and pushed him into another smaller circle, while the fourth Gret withdrew, bow and arrow walking backwards. He nocked his arrow and pulled the bowstring."Archer!" Casia screamed, as the first arrow flew past Lione's ear as he dodged. She took a sigh of relief, realizing he was aware of the danger he was in and not in his usual arrogant state. A second arrow flew, Lione stepped to the left to dodge but got his ankle slit by an opportunistic Gret spear. He was in trouble. They had not only practiced this maneuver, they had made it specifically for him. The Grets did not underestimate Lione, they had planned his execution accurately. 

Casia got to her feet ready to jump into the pit from the box, but felt a piercing pain through her right shoulder. She cried out and stumbled back into her seat. There was an arrow sticking out of her shoulder and she couldn't feel anything past that. The archer below was preoccupied with Lione, so the arrow must have come from the crowds. She tried to move her right arm but it was refusing to comply, so she drew her dagger from her corset with the left. Jumping below was out of the question now that someone in the crowd was firing, her priority was to find out who it was. She scanned the crowd endlessly, looking for a bowman. She saw someone string an arrow from the opposite side of the pits, but was interrupted by Coroni's shriek. An arrow whistled past her head as she ran to her sisters aid. Two men were holding her, both her arms restrained, dragging her away from her seat. Lya was punching them in a frenzy but they laughed and shook her off, pushing a shocked Liana out of the way as they exited the box, with Coroni's squirming naked body dragged behind them. 

"Casia, your sister, please!" Liana begged after getting to her feet. Her eyes widened with fear and her jaw dropped as she noticed Casia had an arrow sticking out of her shoulder. Liana wasted no time beginning to run, both bare breasts bouncing as she ran after her daughter alone, unarmed.

Casia looked down into the pit, Lione was alive and two Grets were lying in a pool of their own blood. He was using a third as a shield as he approached the archer with King Killer at the Gret's neck. Casia threw her dagger down at the archers head, breaking the Fighting Pit's code and ending his life. There was no point in a fair battle if the royal box was stormed. Lione looked up to her while slicing the Gret's neck, confused as to why should would interfere when he had the upper hand. "Coroni!" Casia shouted, and Lione rushed towards the eight foot walls, jumping then pulling himself up into the bleachers. He had just gotten onto his feet when three arrows pierced his back within a second, then one in his neck a few seconds later. He looked towards Casia before falling back into the pit. The crowds were on top of his corpse instantly, probably trying to get his belt and daggers.

Casia began to scream but a hand on her throat silenced her. She pulled out a sword and sliced off the hand. She turned around to see that there were five men around her, all big and muscular, in various states of undress. Another three men had Lya in hand, stroking their cocks as they grabbed at Lya's tits and ass. Casia felt a blow to the face and fell backwards. She tried to rise, but men were grabbing at her, taking her swords at first, but then ripping away her clothes. Her corset was gone, her skirt ripped to shreds. Nothing more than an instant passed before two men were inside her, sandwiching her between their sweaty bodies, one of them grinning inches away from her face. Her anal virginity was lost by the time she bit the grinner's neck, covering herself in his blood as it gushed out of his jugular. The other just smacked her across the cheek, blurring her vision as two men fought amongst themselves to see who gets to take the bleeding man's place.

"Bind this one you fools, you can't fuck a wild animal without taking it's claws" Nath Gret shouted from behind the rapists. The old was half naked himself, stroking a tent under his breeches. 

Seconds later Casia's hands were bound behind her back with rope. Someone behind her lifted her into the air, pausing to give her a view of one of the rapists cumin on Lya's breasts, before thrusting Casia down on a thick cock. She couldn't see who it was but she had a full view of Lya getting her ass pounded while her cunt was being advertised to the public. Tears ran down her sister's face as she saw that Casia was bound and being abused too. "Lione?" Lya mouthed before a cock was shoved down her throat an another man took her cunt. A burly attacker came down Lya's throat and made her retch up his cum to his amusement. "Casia, Leon?!" Lya screamed this time with cum dripping down her chin. Lya didn't get a reply before a new cock was shoved down her throat, obstructing her view of Casia. Lya didn't ask about Lione a third time.

Casia was handed around from man to man, most taking her formerly tight ass, making sure she had a view of Lya while doing so. Old Nath even came in after his men, they all stepped away letting him fuck Lya's cunt in the missionary position. She was covered in cum but that didn't bother Nath. He didn't cum inside her, opting to have a taste of Casia next. His men lifted Casia in the air while he fucked her from behind, exploring her ass before finishing in there. Despite them being fucked vaginally, none of the men came inside their vaginas. This scared Casia the most, the fact that they were being saved for something, or more likely, someone. The guards were constantly mocking them, calling them all the insults in the kingdom had, claiming that they had cut off her mother's tits so her dress fit better. They brought back Coroni at one point, beaten and bruised. 

"This one has too much cum on her brothers, how dare we let our royalty be so filthy," Nath began, pointing towards Coroni slumped on the floor, "Let us clean her." He began urinating on her and soon all the men in the box joined in. The odor was disgusting, but Coroni didn't cry. She seemed to be out of tears.

The crowds had not left the fighting pits, events like this were the reason anyone ever attended public battles. Casia had forgotten about the eyes, but when she finally looked up she saw that the audience had grown. The bleachers surrounding the royal box had people on top of each other trying to get a view. They were watching the fall of the Kujrakun, some of the members even insisting on getting a turn with a sister. Nath was laughing, encouraging the crowd to cheer for him and his men. He was screaming something about Brecken, how Lione had cheated in their fight, how the only man Lione was a match for was Leo the Frail. It angered Casia to see others mock Lione, her identity was his shadow, and that shadow had shrunk in death. "How do you know a girl is a Kujrakun?" Nath asked the crowd, before pulling out his cock and slapping it onto Lya's forehead. "That's how!" Nath answered, causing an uproar of laughter in the crowds and his men. "The blonde with the milky tits is for sale, less than ten fucks by me and my men guaranteed. We didn't batter her up too bad either, although my men couldn't resist seeding inside her. The dark haired one with the medium tits is public property, so feel free to use her once my men are done, we'll arrange for stocks to hold her. Only rule is that she should be well fed, so make sure you cum down her throat." This caused another uproar of cheers in the crowd. "Last but not least, my dear Casia. Yes, ofcourse I know your name lovely. Your father asked me to help discipline you when you were younger. My friend in the purple robe really helped sort out your attitude problem, if I'm correct. Don't worry my princess, I shall take you as mine own wife, once my tribesmen have had their fun ofcourse. Have to have you cleaned up if we're to be married though, and I can't have them fuck you by the score once you're my wife, so indulge them please my darling, for now." 

Casia was beginning to feel drowsy at this point, she couldn't feel the cock inside her ass anymore, she just wanted to escape this moment. There was some screaming down at the pits, "fire" was the word she heard at first. Then it was "demon". After a while it was "King Demon". She tried to concentrate but was too exhausted. She thought she saw a flaming shadow leap onto Nath. They struggled, then Nath started burning. There was some Gret blood, then more. The guards leapt to their feet and ran away, as most had lost their weapons in the orgy. It only took a minute for the entire crowd to disappear, screaming.

The demon walked closer to Casia, his heat beginning to make her sweat cutting her binds. "Get Lya, run," the creature spoke, a mix of blackness and fire in image. It's face was an ever-changing flame burning dark flesh, but it's massive cock dangled between both knees. The only cock she ever allowed inside her.

"I will get mother and Coroni," it said, in a low growling voice, before disappearing in leaving ash and smoke in his absence. 

Casia rushed to untie an unconscious Lya, carrying her. Even with a fraction of her strength, Casia could make an escape carrying Lya. She ran down the steps, taking the route out of the pits. The smell of burnt flesh was strong, the creature that thinks it's Lione went this way. There were scorched bodies on the ground, some were Gret, some were citizens of Kujra. There was no sign of him though, or of Coroni. Casia ran to her horse and slung Lya onto the saddle before pulling herself up. Naked and covered in cum, Casia began to ride. The demon could find Coroni, but Casia found her mothe. From a rope at the entrance to the fighting pits, a titless Liana Kujrakan hung. Despite little admiration between mother and daughter, Casia began shedding tears. Their rain ended like many before, in slaughter and rape. The remaining Grets would hunt her down certainly, and ensure she was dead. Whatever Lione was, she had a feeling he could find her if she left. That left Gold, who was surprisingly absent from the pits. She couldn't give a fuck about Gold. There was no more Kujrakun in Kujra, she had to get somewhere safe for the time being to process and plan. East, she thought, as far away from the chaos as possible.


***Chapter 4 might alternate back into Amazonia, or introduce a new kingdom. If you have any suggestions I'd love to hear them, if not, I hope you enjoyed.***