 Lina strolled through the manor looking for the young artist, Jaco. Her loins were on fire, burning with need, and she thought the handsome young man had just the thing to put it out. The laughter in her head rang out gleefully and she listened to and obeyed it. It was so much easier that way. The Duke didn't want her, and neither did his over-jealous wife. The laughter in her head was her new Master. It gave her the direction she desperately needed. Her life had always been one of a slave, and the laughter filled the role as Master nicely. It was demanding and expected her to obey, and she was happy to.

She smiled to herself as she made her way to the artist's new studio. Over the last few days, she noticed the way Jaco stared after the Duchess longingly. It was the same way she used to stare after the Duke. But the laughter had freed her from that. She no longer pined after him like a love-sick youth. She lived only to serve the laughter and fulfill its wishes. She brazenly burst through the doors of the studio, startling the young man as he sketched at an easel. His questioning eyes were fixed on her as she swayed over to him.

"The Duke sent me to check on the progress of his bust," she lied, seductively.

"I...I'm almost finished with the sketches," he stammered. "Perhaps when I'm finished the Duke would like to see them."

She stopped a few inches from him with a smile on her face and then slowly turned her head to look at the sketch he was working on. "A good likeness," she said truthfully, "but it has taken you several days to get this far. The Duke is becoming impatient."

"Well, this isn't my first sketch," he protested.

"Let me see," said. Before Jaco could stop her, she was shuffling through the sheets underneath the one he was working on.

"Please, let me do that!" he shouted, but it was too late.

"Somehow, I don't think this is the bust the Duke wanted you to work on," Lina chuckled as she pulled out a nude sketch of the Duchess. Jaco's face burned with embarrassment, and his eyes went to the floor. "Did the Duchess pose for this?" Lina asked.

"No," Jaco admitted. "Please, don't tell anyone," he pleaded, "I'll lose my patronage."

Lina swayed back over to him with the offending picture in hand. "At best," she confirmed. "The Duke may have you strung up if he's in the wrong mood," she exaggerated. "I've seen the way you look at the Duchess. You have eyes for no other. It's a wonder that you've managed a single sketch of the Duke, for all the attention you pay towards his wife."

Jaco almost feigned ignorance, but he knew he was caught. He hung his head, his face blazing red in embarrassment. Sensing his vulnerability, Lina softened her voice and rubbed the young man's arm affectionately.

"I have no desire to betray you to the Duke," she said. "I only wished to demonstrate how transparent you were, and to suggest a solution."

"Wha...what did you have in mind?" he asked hesitantly.

"Distract yourself with someone else," she said moving her hand from his arm to his chest.

"Wh...who?" he said nervously. He looked down at her hand and his eyes were wide with what looked like fear.

"Me, of course," she replied.

"You?" he queried hardly believing his ears.

"Of course," she told him. "I know I'm not as attractive as the Duchess, but I am available, and I think you're very handsome."

"I think you're every bit as attractive as the Duchess," Jaco assured her, finally finding his voice as he thought he was trying to reassure a self-conscious woman.

"You think I'm attractive?" she asked innocently.

"I think you're beautiful!" he blurted and then quickly looked back down at the floor. His ears started to turn as red as his face.

"You're just teasing," she said turning away from him and trying to appear shy herself. "A handsome man like you would never be interested in someone like me."

"Of course I'm interested," he said reaching out and gently turning her back around so that he could look her in the face.

"Can I spend the day with you, so we can get to know one another better," she asked in a quiet voice.

"Sure," he replied, "I'm almost finished here anyway. Maybe we could walk around the city," he suggested.

"I'd like that," she said with a smile. "I'll just dispose of this for you," she said taking the drawing and heading toward the fireplace. He started to stop her, but decided it was probably for the best that it was destroyed. He watched it burn with mixed feelings.

"There," Lina said with satisfaction. "Now you can put her behind you." She turned and smiled brightly at him and he tried his best to smile back, wondering exactly what had just transpired.

***

Lina was weary as they trudged back to the manor. It had been a thoroughly boring and tiring day for her. She was exhausted from displaying a false air of interest in Jaco's ramblings, and her face hurt from smiling all day. It had been worth it though; the young man appeared completely smitten with her, and she was sure they would be spending the night together as well. She wasn't sure why it was important to do so, only that the laughter in her head wanted it done.

The day hadn't been a total waste; she had discovered that Jaco was hiding something about his relationship with the Duchess. He wasn't very good at thinking on his feet, and he had stumbled over some lame explanation after Lina asked how he had received his patronage from the Duke and Duchess. He was so obviously lying that she had to bite her tongue to keep from laughing out loud. Her new Master seemed especially pleased with her discovery.

It had made the boredom worth it, and if Jaco was any good in bed it would make up even more for the time spent. He was a very handsome young man, and the bulge she had felt in his pants when she slyly rubbed up against him was considerable. She would have to take control of the evening, or else his shyness might keep them from consummating their new relationship, and she didn't want that to happen. It had been days since she'd been fucked and she was looking forward to getting thoroughly screwed by the young man.

It was nearing dinner time when they reached the manor, and they both were expected to eat with the Duke and Duchess. Lina snaked her arm through his as they entered the manor, and made sure they remained that way as they walked toward the dining hall. Her Master wanted the Duke and Duchess to see the two of them together.

She could feel the eyes of everyone on them as they entered the dining hall. The pleasure she felt from her Master was palpable. The laughter was veritably singing in her head as Jaco helped her into her seat and then sat beside her. Lina had a hard time reading the expression on the Duchess's face, but the Duke was easy to read; he seemed very pleased to see the two of them together. Lina had a hard time understanding what purpose her relationship with Jaco had. Her Master couldn't speak to her directly; she felt impressions from the laughter in her head but no clear words.

No one made any comment about their pairing, but the Duchess continued to give them a questioning glare. Lina finally understood that the Duchess was trying to figure out what the two of them were up to. She obviously didn't believe they were actually a couple and was probably wondering what game they were playing. Since the Duchess seemed to have some way of finding out everything that occurred in the manor, Lina knew she was going to have to be thoroughly convincing in order to deceive her. She was going to have to seduce Jaco that night. She was actually looking forward to it. She had brushed against the young man's groin a few times during the day, and had been pleased with the bulge she felt through his clothing.

Lina followed Jaco back to his studio after the meal was finished. He slept there in one corner of the room. His bed was small, it was barely big enough for two, but she figured that would make it harder for him to resist her. She had made sure to have a few extra glasses of wine with her dinner to give Jaco the impression that she was inebriated. She clung to him and rubbed her body against his seductively as they walked the halls to his room.

His bed was the only furniture in his room suitable to sit on, so as soon as they were through the door she asked him to help her sit. He stood, looking at her with a confused expression on her face as she sat smiling up at him. She realized that he didn't know what to do and she was going to have to prompt him in order to get things moving.

"Sit next to me," she encouraged, patting a spot on the bed next to her.

He smiled and nodded before lowering himself to the bed. She leaned over, rested her head on his shoulder and sighed. "I had a wonderful day today, Jaco," she said.

"So did I," he replied honestly. "I've never found anyone interested in all the things that interest me."

She didn't say anything; a lie at that moment might sound hollow. She placed a hand on his chest and softly rubbed in circles for a moment. She peered up at his face and kissed his chin lightly. With gentle pressure, she pushed him back onto the bed and crawled up his body so he couldn't escape. Her lips found his neck and kissed their way up to his own lips.

"Make love to me Jaco," she sighed into his ear. "No one's ever made love to me before."

"No one?" he asked surprised.

"When I was a slave, men just took what they wanted with no thought to my feelings," she explained. "Now that I'm free, I want to experience sex with someone I love."

"You love me?" he questioned.

"Of course, silly," she said chuckling. "Why else do you think I spent the entire day with you?"

Jaco wasn't about to question such a beautiful woman, and started kissing and caressing her back. Lina was squirming deliciously on top of him and soon his cock was as hard as a rock. It was being squeezed as she pressed her body against his and the head started to poke above the waist of his pants. He never imagined he would be with a woman whose beauty rivaled the Duchesses, and he could hardly believe his fortune that Lina really loved him.

"Oh my!" Lina exclaimed. "Is that...is that all you?" she asked with feigned ignorance as she reached in between them and stroked the obscene bulge in his pants. Jaco was a little embarrassed and unable to respond with words so he just smiled and nodded his head. "Oh gods, Jaco, I need to have you inside me now," she said rolling off him and frantically tearing off her clothes. Jaco sat up and did the same, but he kept his eyes on her as she undressed.

They were both nude at the same time and Lina reclined on her back on the bed. "Please be gentle," Lina begged him as he maneuvered on top of her.

"I'll go slow," he promised.

"Yes," she agreed, "nice, slow, and loving." She gasped as the head of his cock slowly parted the lips of her cunt and eased its way inside. She surprised herself at how wet she was. It had been days since her last fuck and she was looking forward to having a good long one with Jaco.

Jaco groaned in pleasure as his cock was surrounded by the tightest wetness tunnel of flesh he had ever dipped it in. He rested for a moment, reveling in the sensation, before he started moving in and out of her at a slow steady pace. His balls pressed tightly against her bottom each time he entered her fully, and then he pulled back until only the head remained inside her.

His pace was torturously slow, but extremely pleasurable. Lina was on the edge of orgasm for what seemed like hours. She whispered exaltations of love into his ear as he moved slowly on top of her. She wanted him to move faster and start pounding her hard, but she knew it was important for him to go slow. She wasn't sure what they were waiting for, but she knew it was important.

Just when she thought she couldn't take it any longer, the laughter started cackling in her head. Lina knew that they had just been discovered by the Duchess. She could feel the Duchess's presence through her link with the laughter. She felt as if she were suffocating under the immense power that enveloped the room. It stayed with them for a few moments as if observing, and then fled.

Lina let out a sigh of relief as soon as it was gone. The laughter in her head quieted. Lina was sure that Jaco even noticed a change. He was still moving on top of her at the same maddeningly slow pace. Her impending orgasm had ebbed, but was soon building back at full force. All she needed to be pushed over the edge was a little more force from her lover.

She moved her legs up over his hips and used them to pull him in harder. "I love you," she cooed. He responded by bending down for a kiss. "I want to feel you cum inside me," she whispered. Her words had the desired effect and Jaco started thrusting with more vigor. It was enough to send her over the edge and seconds later she was having one of the strongest orgasms of her life. Her head was pounding and she thought she might pass out from the intensity.

Jaco didn't last much longer and was soon jerking madly on top of her while his cock pulsed and discharged its heavy load inside of her. The young man rolled off and lay panting beside her. The bed was cramped so Lina turned on her side and draped half her body over his.

"That was absolutely wonderful," she whispered sincerely. "I don't want to ever get out of this bed."

"Neither do I," Jaco said peacefully. He hugged her close and kissed her as they both started to doze off to sleep.

***

Careena slammed back into her body with a start. It had been a rough outing outside of her body. She was in her bath soaking and had decided to take a quick look at Lina and Jaco. She didn't trust the former slave, and her turn around seemed too sudden.

For the second time that week, she came across a couple making love but this time had been different. It had drawn her in stronger than her experience observing Cilas and Zella. When she realized she was in danger of losing herself, she raced back into her body. Now she was sitting in a tub of cold water with a throbbing clit demanding attention.

She hauled herself out of the tub and threw on a heavy robe. She made her way to their sleeping quarters to find her husband still absent. He had stayed behind after dinner with Cilas to compare the latest tax numbers with the numbers from the previous year. She groaned in frustration and threw herself onto the bed. She needed his attention desperately.

Her hand wandered down her body to the spot between her legs. She wanted to wait for her husband, but when her finger touched her clit it was if an electric shock coursed through her body. She couldn't stop, and after a few moments she was rubbing her clit frantically. Her entire body felt as if it was on fire, and her pussy was sopping wet. She had never been this excited by herself before. It almost felt as if she were possessed again but she knew she wasn't. She had the urge to fuck, but she wasn't drawn unnaturally to a man.

Careena slid two fingers into her cunt with ease. She couldn't believe how wet she was. She started pounding her fingers quickly and squeezed her legs together. She started pinching her nipple with her other hand. The double stimulation was just what she needed. She imagined that her husband was on top of her, thrusting his huge cock in and out of her tight pussy. Her husband morphed into young Jaco, and then she was back on the pirate ship getting gangbanged by all the sailors.

The orgasm that ripped through her was one of the strongest she had ever had. She moaned loudly as her body spasmed uncontrollably. Her whole body felt warm and alive as she started to calm down, gasping for breath as the waves of pleasure subsided. She loved her husband dearly, and he completely satisfied her with his big cock, but she missed the touch of different hands and the excitement of having a new cock enter her body for the first time.

"Couldn't wait for me?" she heard through her foggy delirium.

Her eyes opened with a start and she saw the smiling face of her husband standing at the foot of the bed. "Sorry," she whispered, "I needed release."

"No need to apologize," he said with a chuckle. "I know how you get sometimes."

She immediately felt guilty about the thoughts and images she had during her orgasm. Her husband had been so understanding about all of her past indiscretions that it felt like a new betrayal. "You know I love you, right?" she asked.

"Of course," he said bending down and kissing her on the lips. She returned the kiss with as much energy as she could muster after her intense orgasm.

"Good," she said as their kiss broke. "I hope you also know that I never intend to hurt you."

"What are you talking about," Kalas asked with a quizzical look on his face.

Careena pulled her robe tight and looked up at him nervously. "Sometimes I get these urges and they're hard to control," she explained.

"What kind of urges?" he asked beginning to understand.

"Sometimes I crave something different...someone different," she said haltingly. "You satisfy me completely," she said quickly when she saw the look on his face, "but sometimes..."

Kalas sat heavily on the bed next to her. "I think I know what you mean," he said. "There's a certain excitement that comes when you're with someone else. Some of it is because they're new and unknown, and some because it's illicit."

"Yes," she said quietly. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry," he said. "I know you love me, and I love you no matter what happens."

"So you won't be mad if from time to time I give in to my urges?" she asked.

"I won't be mad," he responded. "It's a little exciting for me too. I was angry when you told me what happened to you on that ship, but I was aroused too. Just let me know beforehand, be safe, be discreet, and never deny me when I need you." Since his episode with Lina, Kalas knew all too well how difficult it was to avoid temptation and he knew his beautiful wife loved sex more than the average woman. After she confessed everything she had done on her trip to and from Remar, he knew it would be difficult for her to remain faithful to the promises she had made.

"I promise," she said. "I won't do anything behind your back, and it will always be anonymous or with someone I know can keep their mouth shut." She reached up and hugged him close. "I love you so much," she whispered before kissing him again.

Kalas stood and started to remove his own clothing. "How are the taxes?" Careena asked, remembering why he was late.

"Down," he answered. "I think we may have to lift our moratorium on brothels. We've been putting a lot of money into the city but aren't seeing any return."

"We knew that it would probably come to that," she responded thinking.

"Yes," he said, "but now that it comes to it... There's so much opportunity for abuse in those establishments that I hate allowing more. We have a hard enough time regulating the ones that are open now."

"Why don't we open one," Careena exclaimed suddenly.

"What!?" Kalas asked shocked.

"Hear me out," she said. "The public doesn't have to know we own it. The only one who would know would be the proprietor, someone we would have to trust implicitly, and Cilas. We would make sure the girl's get proper pay and fair treatment. We would make more money running it than we would from taxes."

Kalas looked at her funny. "You're serious?"

"Yes," she replied. "This city was known for its brothels, we aren't going to be able to revive it without them. If we set up our own, and pay the girl's a good wage, the other brothels will have to follow suit or fear losing their prostitutes to us."

Kalas shook his head. "As twisted as your idea sounds, it does make some sense," he muttered. "All right, go ahead and look into it. I will support you in opening a brothel, but I want nothing to do with the day to day operations. I'll leave that up to you," he told her.
