 In a distant future, long after space travel was achieved, there was a vast republic spanning the entirety of the Milky Way galaxy. This republic existed peacefully for centuries, with no major conflicts other than the occasional pirate skirmishes in the fringes of the galaxy.

At the center of this great empire was a great capital world known as Zyloth. It was a center of commerce, technology, and innovation. It is here on this planet that our story begins...

Ryna Harcourt was an 18 year old Diuwel. He was tall, standing at around 6'8", with a lean muscular body, like that of a well-trained athlete, and the slightly tanned complexion to match. He looked exactly the same as a tall human male, with two distinct differences. He had two 1" horns protruding from his forehead, that just barely passed through his spiky snow-white hair. His hair surrounded his horns, falling to form a white curtain across his forehead. He stood in a dingy corridor, dressed in the telltale uniform of a army recruit, except for the black trench coat he wore over the top.

He spotted the sign he was looking for–the exit. Soon he was on a taxi headed for his apartment near the spaceport. He arrived within 5 minutes, and let himself into his old-style apartment. He changed out of his recruit's outfit, and into a more comfortable t-shirt and pair of tracksuit pants. 

Sitting in a chair in the small living room of his apartment, he reflected on the last week. He had flown, or whatever it is called when you travel through space, to some backwater planet for an interview and test to get into the Vanguard Experiment, an elite military branch. He didn't think he had done well with the interview because the interviewer had been a beautiful human girl about his age. She had had long, straight brown hair, beautiful grey-green eyes, and perfect looking 36A breasts. That was all he could see above the interviewing table, but if the top was anything to work off of, he was sure that her lower half was just as beautiful. It wasn't a surprise that he had had trouble concentrating on the interview.

While he was thinking of the mysterious woman, he began to unconsciously stroke his cock through the fabric of his tracksuit pants. Soon he had a raging boner. As he began to pull down his pants so he could alleviate the pressure, the doorbell rang.

"Damn it!" he thought as he stood up and pulled his pants back up. He went to the door, and pulled it open, "Hello, may I help you?" he said sarcastically, not really paying attention to the person at the door.

"I think that you can, Mr. Harcourt." a feminine voice said. Ryna looked at her, and immediately felt like an idiot. It was the girl from the interview. She was dressed in a casual shirt that hung off one shoulder, revealing a lacy bra strap, and shorts that ended right as her thighs began.

"Uh, uh, uh, w-would-d y-you l-l-like to c-come in?" Ryna stuttered, suddenly embarrassed. He pivoted on one foot to the side of the entryway, and swept his hand toward the interior of his apartment. She entered, walking with a womanly swagger that shifted her hips very sexily. She sat on the couch, and patted next to her, signaling Ryna to come sit next to her. Ryna closed the door, and stood where he was for a couple seconds, trying to recollect his sense of what was going on. He got to the part where she had actually entered his house when he heard her talk again.

"What are you waiting for, I won't bite." she said flirtily.

"Um, sorry... Would you like something to drink?" Ryna asked, remembering his manners. 

"No thank you, I'll have something to drink soon anyway." She said, crossing her arms. "Geez, if you make me wait much longer, I'll think you don't like me." Ryna quickly took the seat she had offered him next to her, and tried his best not to stare into the cleavage her shirt revealed. She put her hand on his leg, and turned to face him.

" I think its about time we got down to business." She whispered, blushing. She slid her hand over his cloth-covered hard-on. 

"Woah, woah, woah, wait a minute. You haven't even told me your name!" Ryna exclaimed, grabbing her hand. 

"What! Oh crap, I can't believe I forgot! My name is Sensara. I am the student body president at the Vanguard Experiment Academy, and your partner. I'm sorry, I just forgot." She muttered, blushing fiercely. Ryna sat there, shocked. Not only had he been accepted, his partner was the Student Body President.

"Wait a minute, partners aren't assigned. Not to be rude or anything, but why are you here?" Ryna asked, deeply confused by the situation.

"Well, I kinda, sorta, accidentally fell in love with you at the interview. I was impressed by your attempts to work through the discomfort and still try to complete your interview. Other guys openly asked if they could fuck me. I wasn't really in love until I saw you during the physical trial. I saw you spare the animal, and incapacitate the convicts without causing any permanent harm to anything. I thought, 'He is determined, compassionate, and skilled, I want him to be with me,' and here I am." She smiled weakly. Ryna gaped disbelievingly. 

"There is no way a beautiful girl like you could possibly like me. Impossible, call out your hidden cameras." Ryna said, drawing a sad look from Sensara. Instead of a response, she pushed him down against the arm of the sofa. She crawled up him until her face was inches from his. Then she planted a kiss on his lips. 

At first she was gentle, caressing his lips softly, but she quickly progressed to a much rougher french kiss. She wrapped her tongue around his, and explored his mouth. After Ryna got over the shock of being kissed, he wrapped his arms around her back. She paused for a second, lifting up her head.

"Believe me now?" She said, eyes gleaming like little pools of lust. He nodded, prompting her to resume kissing, then worked her way down his body, removing both of their clothing as she went. By the time she removed his boxers, his 7-inch cock was harder that he had ever felt before. She took the tip between her lips, and rolled her tongue over it. She lowered her head down and took the first couple of inches into her mouth. This evoked a low groan from Ryna. 

Sensara started to bob her head furiously on his throbbing cock. Ryna, seeing her hand drift between her legs, tapped her ribs, motioning for her to swing her pussy over his face. Sensara complied happily, placing her dripping pussy directly over his mouth. He flicked his tongue over her swollen clit, causing her to moan in pleasure. He swirled his tongue around her wet lips before he plunged his tongue directly into her pussy. Her moans slowly evolved into full-blown screams of pleasure, all muffled by the dick she was sucking on. 

Ryna felt his balls contract, and he sent streams of hot seed down her throat, which she eagerly swallowed. He took a final thrust into her with his tongue, which was the final step onto her own sexual plateau, causing her back to arch and screams of pleasure to echo in in the small apartment. 

Sensara collapsed onto Ryna's chest, still shuddering from her orgasm. She looked up into his eyes drowsily.

"I think that I'm gonna stay the night tonight, if that's alright with you." She said, attention fading slightly. Ryna picked her up and carried her to his bedroom. After he had tucked her under the sheets, he gave her a soft kiss on the cheek, and went out to sleep on the couch for the night.