  [All rights reserved ~ copy/duplication prohibited]

Copyright ~ Jocelyn A. Dyer ~ 2001

* * * * *

Once ~ in the Elsewhen~Otherwhere ~ there lived a beautiful young maiden. 

When she walked by on her way to market or one of the village's tiny shops, the folk of her village marveled at her beauty, nodded and told each other she surely was as good as she was beautiful ~ "...thoughtful of her parents, and kind...not like some...." And they'd shake their heads, thinking of their own wayward and thoughtless children.

Late in the afternoon of a day in spring, a warm breeze played with her long golden hair and whispered of delight to be found if she followed it to the open meadow beyond the town. And delighted she was with the tall grasses and long-stemmed red, yellow and blue wildflowers she found there. She gathered her arms full and, sitting on a small rise with her back against a tall tree, she braided grasses and blossoms into a long rope. But the warmth of the sun and the drowsy hum of bees among the bright flowers slowed her busy fingers. She yawned once...twice...and finally put her work aside to lie down for...just...a...short....

"Ghislaine..." (Jislane) ...a voice 'spoke' her name. "Ghislaine...my love...."

Slowly she opened her eyes and found herself looking at an apparition.... I'm dreaming, surely! They don't exist...do they...? She raised her hand to touch, ever so lightly, the velvet-soft nose of the wondrous, incandescent-white Unicorn that stood over her. Silvery sea-green eyes seemed to penetrate her essence and, rising through lustrous silken mane, a gleaming moonlight-bright horn spiraled from his forehead. Gently, he tossed his head: "Come...."

Ghislaine rose from her resting place and, recalling the legend that a Unicorn may be 'captured' only by a virgin maiden, gathered her rope of grasses and wildflowers, placed it 'round the neck of her 'conquest', and held both ends in one hand though, to be sure, she felt more conquered than conqueror. And as they walked slowly toward the distant sound of a stream rushing between its banks, dusk overtook them; but Ghislaine was unaware, tranced by the Unicorn's virile beauty and the warmth of his body under her right hand where it rested on his withers.

Strange sensations flooded her young breasts and filled her lower body with heated heaviness and a longing for she knew not what. Her hips swayed voluptuously as she walked beside her Unicorn, and her breasts pushed achingly against the soft fabric of her blouse; her lips felt swollen and hot when she moistened them with her tongue's tip. Her breathing quickened as they neared a giant tree with down-hanging branches that swept tall grasses and colorful wildflowers in the field that surrounded it, and when her steps faltered, the Unicorn touched her shoulder with his nose and pushed her gently through. In the star-shadowed shelter of the draping leaves, eyes closed, near swooning with sensations she'd never before felt, she turned and placed both arms around the neck of the Unicorn. Instantly, in her encircling embrace there stood a beautiful, luminous man-form. A starlight-bright spot shone in the centre of his smooth forehead and his silvery, sea-green eyes penetrated her essence.

Softly, he kissed her eyelids...her neck...her shoulders as he slipped her blouse down over her breasts and took each one in his lips, to hold and slide his tongue over each soft roseate nipple 'til it rose and filled his mouth with its hardness. Moaning, she pushed her body against his...stroked his shoulders and chest with trembling fingers...clasped his head between her hands and kissed his mouth with open lips, her searching tongue tangling and writhing with his.

Quickly now, he slid her gown over her hips 'til it fell to the soft grass beneath their feet; he dropped to his knees before her and held her waist while he kissed beneath her swollen breasts...lingered to tongue the silky hollows of her underarms...crossed and re-crossed her body...held tightly as she moaned and writhed, thrust her hips forward to demand...what? He heard her sharply-indrawn breath and small shriek as his tongue penetrated the thick bush that surrounded her femaleness...found the swelling bud of her clitoris and sucked...gently. His tongue worked over and around...sucked harder 'til he felt her shudder and tasted a drop of her readiness...thrust his tongue between her wet and eager nether lips to find the closed door of her womanhood...her flower. Gently, then more firmly, he pushed his tongue against the barrier while she writhed in the hands that held her fast.

Still kneeling, he lifted, then lowered her to lie on the grass. Eyes closed, her head turning from side to side, she stroked his shoulders...arms...fingers slid down his belly to touch...hesitate...touch again, then curl eagerly 'round his shaft...explored its straining head...its veined, swollen rigidity. A small whimpering started in her throat and her hips thrashed, seeming to plead for relief of her passionate body's need. Her knees rose and spread wide as once again his mouth closed on her clitoris and his tongue sought again the membrane that guarded her treasure...thrust again and again while she moaned and cried aloud and pushed his head down, seeking deeper penetration. Finally satisfied she was ready for her rite of passage, he rose over her and guided his shaft to her 'butterfly'...slid it slowly in, amid her loud moans and grasping hands on his hips...slowly, with short strokes, into the now-streaming mouth between her legs...slowly out to re-enter, time and again, then...staying to press firmly, insistently against the tender barrier. He leaned forward over her and covered her mouth with his own, thrusting with his tongue as he thrust for the last time with his shaft...silencing her small scream as he held her hips firmly against his drive into her body. He moved in...out...in...out...slowly at first, then faster and more urgently...plunging in for the last time to fall and lie spent, lips seeking her breasts.

Some time later he came fully awake to feel her lips and tongue on his manhood...around and down.... Hot lips sucked and tongue probed the sensitive folds of his head's tender underside...sucked and stroked. Her hands wandered over his hips and belly...from the insides of his thighs to his knees and up again to gather his testicles and gently roll and massage them. Quickly, he reached down and drew her up over his body, rolled her onto her stomach and lifted her hips to present her rosy, puckered bud to his tongue's tip. Louder she moaned and moved her hips to meet his probing as his searching, licking tongue sought her butterfly...entered to taste and suck. Still holding her high against him, he rose to his knees and thrust his shaft into her grasping, yearning nether-mouth over and over, stroking faster...harder...'til he heard her cry out and felt her tighten around him...held him hard in her while she screamed her release.... Again and again he plunged into her...bent over her and grasped the tender curve between her neck and shoulder...bit 'til he tasted her blood salty-sweet on his tongue. One last plunge and he lowered himself to lie on his side with her hips tucked firmly against his belly, his shaft still buried deep inside her.

She missed him when she awoke. Lonely and alarmed, she sat up and looked into the silvery sea-green eyes of her Unicorn as he stood over her, his moonlight-bright horn spiraling from his forehead. "You're my woman now, Ghislaine," she 'heard' him say. "Lie down and spread your legs once more...."

Doing as he bade, she watched as he lowered his head, touched the tender curve between her neck and shoulder to stop the bleeding and heal the wound made there by his teeth, felt him touch his glowing horn to her 'butterfly' and enter her very gently. When he withdrew his horn she saw on it a small bloodstain, which quickly disappeared. He then lowered his head once more and touched her forehead and eyes. "You will remember nothing of tonight, Ghislaine, but you will be my woman forever...."

While Ghislaine dressed, he stepped out from the sheltering branches of the giant tree 'til she came to him and together they crossed the meadow until they were in the spot from which he'd led her. Once again he touched her with his glowing horn: "Sleep, Ghislaine..." and disappeared as the shouts and calls of searching villagers disturbed the night and drew nearer.

A year passed and the Unicorn's woman, with disturbingly erotic mist recall of ecstasy and unspeakable bliss from she knew not what source, saw and fell in love with a beautiful young man. One star-studded night during their courtship, the beautiful young man pursued and wooed Ghislaine and took her 'flower' gently...firmly. But he was puzzled by her passionate and knowing enjoyment of what was, he knew, her first experience of sexual loving. And when he questioned her about an unusual scar in the tender curve between her neck and shoulder, she touched the spot with trembling fingers but shook her head in bewilderment....

Their first child, born ten months after they married, was the wonder of his parents and the village in which they lived. A miraculously beautiful child, their son had incandescent- white hair, silvery sea-green eyes that penetrated one's essence, and a star-bright spot in the center of his forehead that glowed intensely when he was happy, became pewter-dull when he was sad, and burned redly when he was angry or confronted by cruelty or injustice.

When Ghislaine nursed her son, he took her breast like a lover and her expression became soft with ephemeral recall of an encounter with an enchanting, gleaming Other...of a night of ravishment and ecstasy in the shelter of a giant tree with star-shadowed, down-hanging branches that swept tall sweet grasses and colorful wildflowers in the field that surrounded it.