 Hi everyone, i hope you like my story. All comments, good or bad, are welcome. The story is about a boy who gets abused, but the gets the power to fight back at his bullies.

Chapter 1:

It was an average day at school, nothing exciting happened. The whole day just seemed to drag on and on and on, never seeming to end. Finally the clock ticked the final seconds until end of day and the bell went. There was now a floury of activity as everyone raced to get out of school for summer holidays, eight weeks of no school, no homework and just time to kick back and relax.

Among the last to leave was one of the school nerds, Mark Huntingdale. This is his story.

*	*	*	*	

I slowly walked out of the school, trudging my feet along the ground and looking down at my feet. The end of school for eight weeks wasn't good news for me. I had almost no friends to hang out with and I knew that my mum would get annoyed with me the whole holidays for sitting in my room using my computer.

But what does she want from me? At 18 and only 5"3' I'm not the tallest, and being completely out of shape, but thankfully not fat, made me not the most athletic. I was in the 'nerd' classification if I was to be put somewhere. Being very smart with computers and having a good practical brain didn't help me in social situations. No one saw my deep blue eyes, or my catching smile, or personality. All people saw me for was my slightly ruffled brown hair, my pimples that never seemed to go away, and my square glasses. As such, I was a social outcast.

I walked for about 5 minutes before rounding the corner to my street. As I walked towards the end of my street where I lived, I heard a rustling noise to the left of me. I didn't pay it much attention, as I was lost in my own thoughts.


"BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!" Yelled three different voices. I was startled and trying to turn quickly to see the source of the noise, I tripped and landed flat on my ass. When I heard the unmistakable sound of laughter my heart sank, I knew these people. When I had a look and confirmed who they were I knew I was in for a rough time. They were the school's "cool" girls and enjoyed being mean to me. Their names are Lucy, Dianna and Madeline.

Lucy and Dianna are identical twins, both in body and personality. So when I describe one I'm describing the other one as well. They had flowing long blonde hair that went to their hips, with a 5"6' build. They had what looked like C cup tits and had a flat stomach. Their bodies looked toned and they had strawberry lips. They were boy's wet dreams, and no one could really tell them apart, not even their mother.

But Madeline put them both to shame. As the leader of the group she had to be confident, power, lustful to the eyes and cruel as a bitch. She had all these in truckloads. She had doll eyes with pouting lips, with a slim but muscled body. Here breast size was at least a DD, if not bigger with no sag, and had a flat stomach that made her breasts look even bigger. She had a huge ass that made her have an hourglass figure. She could put any girl to shame in sluty clothing.

Lucy and Dianna usually are the most mean to me verbally as Madeline has a 'holier and better then you' attitude and doesn't think I'm even worth the time to annoy verbally. When it comes to physically hurting me, which they do on occasions, she seemed to relish in it. And today they looked like they needed to let off some steam. Also did I mention that they live three streets away from me?

"So, what are you going to do these holidays?" Lucy (or Dianna) sneered at me. Before I could answer Dianna (or Lucy) cut in.
"He isn't doing anything at all as he is a total loner and wanker!" they both had a quick laugh as my face turned red from embarrassment. As I tried to say a word they held up their hands and pointed to the bushes. I knew what that meant and not wanting to annoy them remembering last time what had happened, I quickly walked to the bush that they had hid behind to scare me.

As I pushed my way through the bushes I felt the twins hold my arms incase I decided to run. Fat chance I would, they knew where I lived. As I pushed my way out of the big bush I walked into a small clearing I had made in a school holiday one time when I was 10. No one could see in and it was hard to get into because of the big bush so it was good privacy.

As I stood there a moment, I felt a slight push to my back and quickly moved out of the way so the twins could get through. I suddenly realized that besides seeing Madeline in the beginning, I hadn't seen her since. I was about to turn and look for her when I felt a strong hit to my spine, making me crumble on the spot. I turned my head slightly to the side to see Madeline standing right behind me.

The twins quickly picked up my arms and moved me to the centre of the clearing, lying me down on my back as they got a pair of handcuffs hidden under a stone and cuffed my hands together and my feet together. I wasn't trying to struggle because I remembered the first time this happened to me and how bad it was when I tried to fight back.

------------------------------------------

It was a year ago. I had been walking down the street on my way back from an after school tutoring session. I was walking slowly, not really in any hurry, as I had not homework that evening. Suddenly my back had exploded in pain and I remember when falling, but I blacked out when my head banged against the ground.

I woke up groggy and light headed, and as I tried to move my arms I felt that I couldn't move them past a certain point. As my eyes started to clear up I blinked rapidly and they cleared up immediately. I quickly surveyed my surroundings and looked at my hands. I was shocked to see that they were handcuffed together and a quick look at my legs confirmed that they were bound in a similar fashion.
I heard a rustling sound behind me and I turned my head around and did a little shuffle with my legs to turn myself around. The people who I saw shocked me.

"LUCY?!?! DIANNA?!?! MADELINE?!?! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!!!!" My voiced rebounded off the small area, making it sound louder then it was.
"Well, it would be stupid for us to capture you and then just leave" Madeline said innocently. The way she said it was as if she was talking about the weather.
"AND WHY DID YOU CAPTURE ME!!!" My voiced hadn't lowered at all and I saw a scowl cross the face of Lucy and Dianna. Madeline kept her face neutral not letting me see her feelings.

We stared at each other, Madeline and I, when suddenly she slapped me across the face. I fell back from the force and stared up at the sky. I blinked the stars away from my eyes and I struggled to sit up again. I wasn't given a chance, as a boot was set across my ribs and a slight pressure asserted.

"I don't want you to raise your voice any more or the next hit shall be to your nuts. Now, the reason we have decided to kidnap you is because you're a weakling and no one cares about you. Making you a perfect target." Her voice was calm and controlled.

"So now then, since we have you at our mercy we are going to let you out of your cuffs but don't even think of running away or you shall regret it very much so." Lucy and Dianna walked to my legs and arms respectively and took a key out from the front of their panties. They quickly inserted the keys and unlocked my body parts. I rubbed my wrists as a reflex.

"So, now you're going to do what we say, right?" Madeline asked. I nodded as I pushed myself up. Once I was standing I quickly made a run for it. I ran towards the bushes as fast as I could, which I now have worked out was actually very slow, and made it about half way there before I felt a huge crashing weight on my back, pushing me into the ground.

I moved my arms under me and tried to do a push up to get the person off me, but as it felt like I might push her off (for me to achieve this shows how light these girls are) another of the girls sat on me, driving me to the ground again. A pair of feet stood in front of my view.

"Did I not tell you to run away?" Madeline asked, deathly calm in her voice, scaring me more then outright anger, "for that you shall have to be punished."
The twins got off me and held my arms, forcing me to stand straight up. They then got the handcuffs and locked my hands behind my back. They then attached those handcuffs to the neck of my school shirt, making a rip in it and slamming it locked. I now had my hands cuffed to my neck.

They then pushed me forward onto my knees and one of the girls sat on my head, keeping me on the ground. I didn't know what they were going to do to me but suddenly I felt a blinding pain in my nuts. I howled my heart out and tried to cower in a ball as much as I could. The girls simply picked me up and held me in the same position, spreading my thighs apart. I got 5 more shots to the nuts before the let me go. I collapsed on the ground, tears streaking down my face and pain pounding in my nuts.

"You think were done? Why, we haven't even started!" Madeline called to me, with the twins snickering in response.

They quickly grabbed my trousers and pulled them down, revealing my boxers. I was in so much pain I didn't even realize until they pulled down my boxers and felt the cold air on my dick. My face turned a bright red with the knowledge that three girls were now staring at my dick.

"My my, don't you have an average dick. Not to good for screwing a girl, just average. To bad that you're still a virgin and haven't felt the pleasure yet," Lucy (or Dianna) told me in a snide remark. She then got her hand and ran it along the length of my cock, causing my 7-inch cock to spring to life.

Some one flipped me onto my back and pressed their tits into my face for a few moments. The person then got off me and took their top off, revealing lushes orbs of meat encased in a bra just covering the nipples. I was pulled to my feet and saw that the person was Madeline, and that she was taking off her bra showing off one-inch nipples that I would have loved to just rush to and suck.

Madeline then grabbed the insides of her DD size tits and pulled the outwards, showing me the gap in the middle of her tits. The twins then pushed my head suddenly into the gap between Madeline's tits, causing me to almost fall. When my head made contact with her skin, they moved my head a bit so that my mouth and nose were pushed into her ribs.

Madeline then closed her tits around my head, incasing me fully. She put some pressure on her tits, squeezing my head. Slowly the pressure increased until I guessed that both the twins were helping push as well. They kept this up for a minute until I started to run out of air when Madeline pulled her tits apart and I was rudely pulled out. I took a few deep breaths to get my heart rate down.

Everybody was smiling down at with shit-eating grins on their faces. I was wondering why when I saw a camera being held lazily in one of the twin's hand. My heart dropped to the ocean floor as I guessed what was on that camera.

"You are now going to do what we want, when we want, got it?" Madeline asked me. I knew that if I said no, my whole upcoming high school year would be horrible and I would be a social outcast. Everybody would avoid me and be meaner to me, and most likely I would get beaten up. There was no choice.
"Yes Madeline...I shall do as you say." My voice was defeated, and I held back sobs.

Later on in the year they had released one of the photos, where my face was in Madeline's tits, but they made sure you couldn't see whom it was. There was lots of speculation in the school but I knew it was a warning to me to be good or else.

-----------------------------------------

They had a look at me as I was lying there with my hands and feet bound together and seemed to be deciding if this was enough bondage. They decided that I needed a bit more bondage so they locked my cuffed hands and my cuffed feet together in front of me. They then pushed me up so that I was standing on all fours with my ass raised higher then my head.

It was very humiliating this position but I kept my mouth shut. They then pulled my shorts and boxers down to my ankles and hit my ass a few times. Who ever it was that was kitting me wasn't hitting me to hard as I only felt a light sting.

"You ready my little virgin? I hope you like what I'm about to give you." Madeline stated, as I felt a slight pressure against my anal sphincter. Madeline then pushed one of her fingers into my ass, slowly moving it in and out, faster and faster. She then added a second and third finger. When her three fingers were in, she put three fingers from the other hand inside and slowly stretched my ass apart.

I didn't feel too much discomfort, as they had done this already to me a few times before. But I was surprised when I felt more fingers being entered into the top part of my ass, and then more at the bottom of my sphincter. This was really starting to hurt, and I squirmed around, trying to dislodge their fingers.

It didn't work, and I heard them laughing behind me at my futile attempt. They then proceeded to pull with all their strength in each direction, stretching my ass greatly. I was starting to scream at this point, wiggling around so much that the remaining girl decided to sit on me to stop my moving.

After stretching me for a good five minutes and enjoying my screams, they pulled their fingers out of my ass and took a step away from me. I lay on the floor, catching my breath and trying to deal with the pain when they walked around in front of me, sticking the fingers that were in my ass at me. The picked me up and stared down at me.

"Suck it," I was told, with fingers quickly shoved into my mouth. I sucked on the fingers, and tried to keep my lunch down. I did this to all of the fingers before throwing me to the ground again.

"Well that was fun," Madeline said, whipping her fingers on her clothing.
"Yeh it was, but I still haven't gotten off," One of the twins complained.
"Really, well then ill take care of you later," The other twin said lustfully, and all of them laughed. They then started walking away, as I heard their footsteps get softer and softer. I finally looked up to see them exiting the clearing.

I was happy they had left, but was still handcuffed with my legs cuffed to my hands. I slowly got myself up, walking in a hobbled motion towards the stone where the cuffs were usually kept, and my heart leapt when I saw the keys had been left there.

After 15 minutes of careful navigating, swearing and determination, I finally managed to get the cuffs off. I put the back underneath the stone, and started to tidy myself up. When I thought I look presentable, I started to walk home.

When I got home, I found that no one was there. My dad had left when I was 11, and mum had taken care of me ever since. Mum had left a note on the desk saying to make myself leftover dinner, and that she would be home really late. I sighed, grabbed myself a can of coke and went upstairs to go on my computer.

My computer is something that I will take pride in, and it covers the whole side of one wall. It has a huge screen, and is super fast and has great storage space.

I jumped onto the computer and quickly went through my e-mails. I had a few from friends who needed summer help, a few from my porn accounts and one that seemed to be spam.

I looked through the one that look like spam and was surprised to see that when I opened it, it took control of my computer. It made closing it impossible, and had filled my whole screen. Suddenly text appeared.

YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED TO ATTAIN THE UNIVERSAL CODE. TO GET THIS CODE, PLEASE TYPE 'YES', TO NOT GET, PLEASE TYPE 'NO'.

PLEASE DO NOTE THAT IF 'NO' IS TYPED, YOUR SYSTEM WILL BE WIPED AND ALL DATA DELETED. WHAT DO YOU CHOOSE?

By now I was starting to get scared. I couldn't really say no, as if I did my computer would be rendered useless. And truth be told, I was greatly curious as to what this 'Universal Code' was. So I typed yes. New text flashed up onto my screen.

THANK YOU FOR DOWNLOADING THE UNIVERSAL CODE. NECESSARY DOWNLOADS SHALL NOW COMMENCE. A SPECIALISED PHONE WILL NOW BE SHIPPED TO YOUR LOCATION, WITH THE UNIVERSAL CODE INSTALLED. ENJOY THE UNIVERSAL CODE

Suddenly items started downloading onto my screen. Seeing that it would take the better part of an hour, I walked downstairs to get and get the mail. When I brought it inside and sorted through it, I had a bulky package waiting for me. I opened it up, and inside was a new phone.

I was in shock, because it read on the front 'UNIVERSAL CODE PHONE', it was impossible as I had only just downloaded it and been told I was getting this phone. As I had a look over it, it looked very much like the new generation iPhone.

I turned it on, seeing it open up. Finally I was presented with the home screen, which asked for new pass code to be entered. I made one up on the spot and jotted it down. The phone was now connecting to the Internet and updating itself.

I went upstairs and found that the program had finished downloading and had restarted my computer, leaving a window open on my desktop. I opened it up, and was asked to enter a pass code. I entered the same one as I did for my phone and then I was in.

It asked me if I wanted to know information on the Universal Code, which I accepted. Text started flashing on the screen.

The Universal Code is a program that has been able to alter the time space continuum. With this program, you can alter anything you want in the world, from people to great monuments. All you need to do is enter the name of what you are searching for and alter using our user-friendly interface. All changes can be chosen to be noticeable by everyone, or for everyone to just accept it. You may use your new phone to scan random things for their name and information on it, and then alter the thing.

I was shocked. How could ANY program do that, it was impossible. I decided to test it out, so I wrote my name in the search menu and selected myself. A 3D picture of me came up, with information next to every part of my body. It also had options to remove clothing, look inside the body and change personality traits, along with being able to edit anything I wanted.

I decided to start with something fun to see if it worked, so I changed my penis size for 7 inches to 25 inches for a laugh, and made it erect. I clicked the save button and waited to see if anything would happen. Suddenly my crotch was on fire as my pants got super tight. I fell to the floor, clutching my penis and quickly took my pants and boxers off.

I felt a cool rush of air as I sighed in relief and looked down at my cock. It had crown to 25 inches, and it was hard as a rock. It was massive. I looked at the program in shock and in newfound hope for my lot in life.

I changed my cock back to normal size, and then I started to adjust myself. I first change my penis size to however big I want, setting it change in accordance with how large I want it. Then I start tinkering with my body, changing my muscles to be stronger but not too large all over my body. Then I change my stomach so I had a six-pack, no excess fat, and made my face look quite handsome.

I change my hair so it was semi wild, and made my mouth look more attractive. I kept my eyes and made my ears smaller, getting rid of my freckles. All in all I would say I had become a sex bomb. I made it so that everyone except Madeline, Dianna and Lucy would find my new form completely normal.

I then changed my personality a little bit, as I didn't want to loss myself, so I made my social skills higher and my confidence up. I saw all this power I had gotten, saw all the many different possibilities, and the only thing that kept on coming back to me was those three evil bitches and what they had done to me. An evil smile spread across my face as I turned back to my computer and started typing. Boy, were those bitches in for a surprise.