 "Next case," said the judge, bringing her gavel down.

Arthur was led in with four other males from his locality, their hands and legs shackled in a line. The high-tech collars around their necks prevented speech and punished any sudden moves. He knew he must stand still and face what came to him. He could neither resist nor bring himself to care. What was the point? 

"Your honour," said the males' court-appointed representative, "these five males have been diagnosed with slavery-denial disorder. Each is deeply submissive but cannot reconcile these desires with the rest of their identities, which has led to a variety of psychosocial offences and significant depression. Each -"

"Are they immigrants from patriarchal worlds?" interrupted the judge.

"Correct, your honour. Each came here when their worlds were torn apart by war and strife, but each has failed to integrate. The state requests the court to order two years' slavery for each male, without sexual or other limits, based on the following evidence ..."

Arthur tuned out as the detailed case histories were read out and questioned by the judge. One male was released into the ownership of a female friend who came forward to claim him – she would be charged with improving his wellbeing and in return, she gained a no-limits slave. Arthur could tell from the way she eye-fucked her the man that she had one main use in mind for new piece of human property. 

They came round to his case. Arthur knew he was a sexual submissive, knew that were men and women who lived the life he fantasised about daily, and it surprised him not one jot when the representative read out the list of desires he'd revealed under the truth drug. It didn't mean he wanted to live them twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Did it? Sure, it was frustrating, seeing all those people – well, sort of people, slaves really – living just the life he thought about. But he'd still tried to make his own way, like he'd been taught on his homeworld, never asking anyone else for anything, never relying on anyone else, never needing anyone else.

A report from his doctor followed. A classic case of acting out based on patriarchal patterns of learned behaviour, she called it. The suggested cure: slavery to a dominant woman for a defined period. They made it sound like Arthur had been preposterously unreasonable not to accept this diagnosis and immediately submit to a collar and leash. 

What about how unreasonable they'd been, taking control of his nanites the last time he'd been for a checkup, immobilising him then making him a ward of the state? A ward, at twenty-five. He was his own man, no one's ward. The sadness, the frustration, the pain – they were his to live with, weren't they? If it meant a few other people around him got hurt, well that was just life. Wouldn't the judge see that?

She would not, and if he was honest with himself, neither did Arthur, who was beginning to see that in this world of dominant women, his bravado meant nothing at all. Arthur was led before the judge, who peered down at him as he was held firm by two female guards who stood to either side of his chained body, their grips tight around the fabric of the jumpsuit that was all he now wore. Their power made his skin tingle even as he hated what they were about to do to him.

"You are hereby accepted as a ward of the state until such time as you may be judged ready to be sold as a slave. In accordance with your need to learn new, healthier patterns of behaviour, no limits are set upon your slavery, other than a period from date of sale of no more or less than two years. You may look forward, boy, to a happy time living out your desires as a ... remind me, representative, what type is this one?"

"A petmale, your honour. Specifically a puppy."

"My favourite – my husband-slave is a petmale, don't you know. Boy, you will live as a petmale for two years. Guards, remove this male's clothing and chain him on all-fours."

The judge brought down her hammer, sounding the death of Arthur's existence as a free-male in a society that barely tolerated such a thing. Arthur struggled against the guards for the show of the thing, but they barely had to make an effort to control him, much to his embarrassment and the judge's wry amusement. Cool air rushed over his skin as a guard made the smart fabric of the jumpsuit split at the seams, and he blushed as she whisked it away from him, exposing him to everyone in the court. 

The other guard knocked Arthur to his knees, and the jolt of pain as he hit the floor let him know she meant business. He got the message even more clearly when she took his balls in her hand and squeezed them tight, so that he would have screamed if the collar and his nanites hadn't muted his voice. His legs and arms were chained together so that he could only crawl, and then it was a simple matter for the guards to clip a leash to his collar and lead him out of the court and into the waiting transport van, where he was chained into a clear plastic crate.

From the inside of the crate, which would not yield to his kicks and thrusts, Arthur's eyes tracked around the van's interior, taking in the rows of trembling men and women, all victims of this world's insatiable appetite for slaves. The young female opposite caught his eye, then hers tracked down Arthur's body and she licked her lips and smiled. He looked down too – how had he not noticed he was so very hard? 

A tremor started in the pit of his stomach and spread all over his body, coming and going in waves of shaking, trembling flesh. Arthur collapsed onto his side, his cock still stiff and bobbing around, as he lost control of his body. He had lost control of everything, now. His body, his nanites, his voice, his very existence, perhaps even his future. Sooner or later some proud, powerful woman was going to clip a leash to his collar and make him into the animal he fantasised about, make him beg, bark, whine, fetch, roll over, heel, go for walks, even make him lick her with his puppy tongue while his mitted hands would never get to hold his own cock again.

Arthur was lost in his thoughts, only coming back to reality each time new slaves were caged up in the transport, all of them clearly struggling with same process of acceptance as he was. The transport's rear door closed shut with a thump, and the vehicle moved off, leaving Arthur and the other slaves half hidden in the dim glow of a calming, green light. They drove many miles, while Arthur wondered what to make of his new life. Give in, or resist? Admit they had been right to do this to him, or hold out against them, see if he really could beat them.

He was not doing well at beating them so far. His cock still raged long and stiff, betraying that some part of him was delighted with everything turning out just right for it. He had, he knew, kept that part of him hidden too long, pushed it down until it had made him stressed and anxious, acting it out only in the recesses of his mind. Others around him had suffered for that, even as he knew why he acted and felt the way he did. If only he'd given in sooner, if only he'd sold himself for a minimum term – three short months – he could have come out of this with a few credits and 21 months less slavery. Yet here he was.

The new slaves were unloaded from the transport all in one go – it seemed like the new petmales and petgirls had been sorted into one load, then taken to a training facility on the edge of the city. Arthur could see little of it from his place on the floor, but he was grateful for the sight of a field and some woodlands, and he couldn't help but be encouraged by the sight of the happy, bouncy petmales and petgirls that rushed out to meet the new arrivals, then yipped and sniffed their way around each and every one of them.

"That's enough!" said a short, stocky trainer who was overseeing the new arrivals. 

Arthur felt a frisson of excitement rush through him as his leash was handed to a trainer, who led three new human pets into one of the low, wide buildings that nestled together at the centre of the compound. A naked slavegirl in the employ of the training facility took Arthur and led him through the antiseptic corridors with the other new pets, each led by a human slave, until they reached a spacious shower room, where the slavegirl padlocked Arthur's leash to an eyebolt sunk into the floor. Arthur started to wonder why he had thought of her as a human slave, but not himself, when the stocky trainer's voice took his attention.

"New pets! Listen up! You are all here by order of the court and you are all staying here until you learn to act like the pets you are. Your two year terms start after you leave this facility, and believe me, you won't be leaving until we are satisfied you're adjusting to your new life. It can take a day, it can take a week, it can take three months for all I care – pets leave this facility when they act like pets.

"No slave can really be said to be a person – but some slaves still get to walk, talk, use their hands, act like people to serve people. You don't. You wanted to be animals. You needed to be animals. You will now become animals. If anyone objects, speak now."

Arthur tried to speak up, to shout out that he objected, he should be free, he'd made a mistake, he'd take a reduced sentence. All he could do was bark. It was all any of the pets in the room could do, which meant their nanites had already reshaped their vocal cords into some more primitive arrangement, quietly and painlessly and without a single pet even noticing. Arthur had no idea how they'd done it so stealthily, but it made the point. He did not own his body, they did.

"Pets, these slavegirls and slaveboys will now help process you and will give you the gift of transforming your bodies from these human forms into something more suitable. If any of you try to fight back, try to escape, or resist in any way, I will take it out on your defenceless hide, and the slave who is working on you. Are you willing to make them cry and beg for mercy beneath my whip just for the sake of some pointless show of defiance? Think on this when the thought enters your mind."

Arthur shook and shifted about on the floor, but the curvy slavegirl knelt down beside him and stroked his flank, caressing his frame with her soft fingers and whispering sweet things into his ear until he was calm again. She patted his head affectionately, and Arthur was glad of the attention. He could see that despite the warning, some of the new pets were resisting their hapless slave-handlers anyway, but he knew he could never disappoint the kind, dark eyes of the slavegirl who was being so kind to him. Let it be done, then.

The slavegirl started by taking a shower head and soap, with which she washed Arthur all over, all the while talking sweet words of nonsense to him and making sure he knew what a good boy he was being. What a good boy. Arthur thrilled to finally hear someone say the words even while he blushed and stammered – which simply came out as a whimpering bark. He was cleaned until every inch of his skin felt fresh and renewed, and the slavegirl judged him ready for the next step.

She fetched pots of green goo and moved to Arthur's rear, where she tutted at the sight of his messy, hairy bottom and balls. He knew it was socially unacceptable for a male on this planet to ever be this hairy, and it looked like that wouldn't be an issue for much longer. The goo burned with a low heat as the gloved slavegirl spread it across Arthur's body, which she cleared of hairs by wiping the goo away and then rinsing him over with the hot shower water. 

Arthur's cock got hard again when she started to rub the goo into him there, and the slavegirl gave him a firm pat on the balls to let him know she wanted no funny business. Arthur felt like he wouldn't dare. It was nice just to finally be handled by a woman with power over him.

He knew he should have been humiliated, but instead he simply felt a rising sense of peace. It came over him slowly, spreading out from every part of his body that the slavegirl diligently depilated until the feeling had covered him from head to toe. He was surrounded by other pet-slaves in various states of arousal, obedience, dismay and confusion, but it was undeniable that something about what was happening just felt so right. Had they done something to his brain chemistry? Or was this just how he really felt?

"All done, now you'll never grow any of those troublesome hairs again."

"Aroo?" said Arthur – what did she mean, again?

"Didn't they tell you? Oh, puppy, it's for the best. Court-ordered slaves get permanently depilated, so they never ever have a single pube, leg hair or body hair ever again. It means even if they slip back into pretending to be free people, they always have a reminder that that's not really what they are. And anyone who sees them naked will be able to tell too. Once you realise your body is supposed to be for display to superior women, I promise you won't miss the silly little hairs. Do you know, we're finished ahead of schedule? Will you be a good boy for me? You will? You're sure? OK then, lick my feet while we wait for everyone else to finish."

Arthur had no idea if disobeying would get him and the slavegirl punished but in any case, she had sweet, soft feet with juicy little toes – very inviting. He got busy licking her soles and then her arches, and tried to express his gratitude for her kindness with the intensity of his kisses and his licks, even while he felt the cool air over his newly hairless body. The slavegirl giggled and sighed as he worked over her feet, and Arthur longed for her to just take up his leash and lead him out of there, her faithful pet forever. 

In between the kisses he planted all over the slavegirl's feet and ankles, Arthur reflected on what had happened to him that day. Surely, surely, they had done something to his brain chemistry, some trick of the nanites in his body, which they now controlled, that made him so helpless and soppy. So happy. He needed to ask, but his voice was already gone. He needed to know, needed to hear them tell him it wasn't really him doing this, but just part of what they were doing to him. Unless they gave him pen and paper – which would seem odd for someone they were animalising – he had no way to find out.

It took fifteen minutes more for every last new pet to be made forever hairless below the neck, forever marked as an absolute submissive to anyone who saw them naked. Arthur's eyes flicked between all the new petboys and petgirls, and he catalogued their behaviours. Some were shifting around, uncomfortable with their new hairless bodies, while others, Arthur amongst them, had settled into a restful posture. 

Arthur was hazily conscious of being on display, of the way his smooth cock and balls bounced around beneath him for all the pets, slaves and trainers to see. Mostly, he was conscious of the leash that the slavegirl held him by, of how it linked him to a superior female and how that superior female now controlled him. He was startled by an angry bark from one of the new petgirls, and frightened by the speed with which a trainer struck the petgirl with a stun stick.

It dawned on Arthur that the petgirl, and the others who were resisting, weren't experiencing the same overwhelming feeling of happy submission as he was. Could it be that some of their nanites hadn't been set to make them compliant? Why would that even be? Some quirk of their psychology, some condition of their enslavement? But if not ... then Arthur was simply enjoying being a puppy, he was feeling nothing but his own feelings. He was seeing the world through new eyes, barely half a metre off the ground, and it seemed like that world excited him more than it frightened him.

The troupe of naked, leashed pets were led through to a medical area – it looked like an oversized vet's office, with rows of examination tables, only with a lot more guards, whips and stun sticks than you would ever see for other kinds of animals. The slavegirl jerked Arthur over to one such table, lowered its hydraulic lift so he could crawl on, then raised it until he was at a height where he could be comfortably worked on.

"Pets!" yelled the stocky trainer, "you are about to leave the human world completely. I don't doubt that for many of you, this will be a permanent change, and a welcome one. Never forget, we're doing this for you, for your desires, for your wellbeing. It's all for you. Whether you see that now or later is not my concern. Slaves, convert these pets."

"Yes, mistress!" shouted the slaveboys and slavegirls in unison. 

"Well, puppy," said the curvy slavegirl to Arthur, "this is the part I like the best. We're going to save the best for last, but first I need to give you a nice big injection. Don't squirm, puppy, it won't hurt too much, I'll just press this big syringe full of lovely nanites into your bottom, and there, they're all in. See, barely felt a thing, did you?"

Arthur barked a "no" and the slavegirl beamed, which made Arthur grin back. The slavegirl picked up a tablet computer and started to take pictures of Arthur's body, from all angles. She even got him to roll onto his back briefly and took pictures of him from that way up, then fed them all into the computer, which built a 3D model of the new puppy, which the slavegirl was gracious enough to let Arthur see.

"Hmmmmm," she said, "what to change first? I think the nose. I always like to start with the nose. Let's lift it up, that's right, so your nostrils are nice and wide and open, there, that's perfect. You already look a lot less human. I've made the nanites suppress most of the pain, but I know you can feel it reshaping. Squishy and weird, isn't it? Don't worry, puppy, you can't be sick or anything like that – I've disabled that reflex for now. You can feel it getting wet at the tip, can't you? It's a proper puppy nose now.

"What next, what next? Inside your nose, smell receptors are multiplying. Breathe in deep, I bet you can already tell the difference. I see you can. I bet you can even smell how aroused I am – making men into animals just makes me so wet. Yes, puppy, you can smell everything now, can't you? Keep breathing it all in. Good boy!

"I think those ears look far too person-like. Let's double them in size, and you can watch in the mirror while they grow. Why, with your lovely new nose and your lovely new ears, I think you're already looking quite the part. That's a lot to take in, so I'll give you a few seconds to rest."

Arthur looked himself over in the mirror that the slavegirl held for him. His face was his but not his: with just a few twists the slavegirl had turned him from a person to a pet. The smoothness of his skin, the tweaks to his face – they all seemed to make him look more like a slave, an animal, but also younger, fresher, more innocent. The cosmetic changes were wiping away the signs of all the stress he'd been under. Denying himself really had been quite bad for him, it seemed.

"That's enough time, puppy. I want to do your legs next, and you're going to feel some strange things happening inside your body. There, I've set the nanites to loosen up some tendons, tighten up some other bits. It'll take a few minutes, so I'll tell you what's what while it happens. Studies of converted human slaves show you need new muscle configurations to live permanently on all-fours. The human body just can't crawl indefinitely, so we're changing yours so that's all it can do. Well, you can run, sort of, by pushing with your hind legs, but they'll never lift you to stand on two feet again. They no longer can – it'll be reversed if you return to being a human after your two years.

"Are you surprised? Really? Did you ever see a petboy or petgirl walk on two feet? Maybe one who's a pony as well? They're different – it's not something we make here, we just do pure puppies. You are really starting to look like a cute puppy, boy. Bark for me!"
