 Chapter 3

Truffles awoke alone in his cage, and found his cock still ached from his now regular liaison with Sunflower, which had happened the day before under the watchful gaze of Dina and Jenny. The two mistresses had been meeting up in the pet-park every few days for two months, and even when Jenny's most recent project had her working all hours, they'd never missed a day, for which Truffles felt an immense gratitude. She really was taking care of him.

His eyes picked out Jenny on her bed, and he was glad to see her there alone, his Jenny, his owner. He had not liked it at all when she had hired two human slaves – a boy and a girl – for the day and fucked each of them over and over. He had growled when Jenny had rode the slaveboy's cock to her satisfaction, until she silenced his vocal cords and shocked his balls. He had burned with shame when she told him that his puppy cock would never enter her – that was something only a human slave would get to do. Not that she intended to ever buy one, she explained. But the occasional rental was going to happen and Truffles had better just put up with it. She told him to learn to enjoy watching.

Jenny came round an hour later and padded over to the cage to let her petboy free. He made the usual display of stretching and scampering on all-fours and she warmed his heart with her answering giggles. Then it was under the table to lick his owner to her morning orgasm, followed by receiving his morning feed and joining Jenny in the shower room so she could use her able fingers to wash them both down. Truffles missed the use of his hands almost as much as the use of his voice, but he had developed a petboy's patience, to wait for Jenny to do whatever was needed. 

After their shower, Jenny dressed in a light summer dress, under which she wore a lacy black thong that Truffles could see when he looked up at her. His cock twitched in its cage and his owner giggled again as the small member got hard and bounced her pet's little balls around. Truffles blushed and Jenny calmed him by stroking his head.

"Such a cute little puppy when you blush! Well, Truffles, I'm sure you've noticed how busy your owner has been lately. I know you didn't like it when I hired those two sex-slaves for a bit of stress relief, but boy did I need it. Your puppy mind wouldn't understand what I do for a living, but suffice it to say all that work has earned me a break. For a little change of pace, I've enrolled you in a petmale training programme – it's called 'Talent and Display for Show Pets: Basic Level', and I just know you're going to love it. Come, boy, heel."

Jenny leashed Truffles and took them out of the apartment building and onto the monorail. Truffles made sure to sit with his puppy cock on show to his owner, legs apart and hands raised in a begging posture. Jenny let some university students fuss him and run their hands over his body. He yelped when one of them squeezed his balls and looked to Jenny to intervene, but she just gave him a look of calm disapproval: be good and submit. 

Truth told, Truffles didn't mind the attention too much, and he especially enjoyed kissing the pretty students' feet in thanks for petting him. One of them set her wrist computer to track any public video of the petmale, of which Jenny made sure there was an ample supply. Truffles knew even if he got free after the end of his two-year term of slavery, there would forever be an archive of him happily behaving like a puppy, which a cursory search of his name would reveal. Jenny jerked his leash and he thought no more of it, as he had to concentrate to crawl down the steps to street level.

They were in part of the commercial district that he'd never been to before, but his eyes picked out the names of the businesses: all slave training facilities of one type or another, plus slave sellers, outfitters, slave medical facilities. If Jenny hadn't explained the purpose of their visit, he might have worried that she planned to sell him, that he hadn't been a good enough puppy for her. As it was, the scent of other human pets grew in his nostrils until they reached their destination, which was drenched in the odour of other petboys and petgirls.

"Welcome, mistress, to Premier Pet Training and Discipline," said a graceful, naked older slaveboy with close-cropped grey hair and a welcoming smile, "may I ask if you are booked into a session?"

"Thank you, boy," said Jenny to the slave three times her age, "Truffles is booked into Talent and Display for Show Pets: Basic Level."

"Just so, and what a fine petboy he is. My owner herself is taking the course, which you will find in gymnasium no 4, to the rear of the compound. My mistress asks that you keep your puppy leashed until asked to release him, and that you mute his vocal cords to prevent distractions to other trainees."

"Thank you, slave," said Jenny, who swept Truffles after her and left the naked slave to greet the next set of guests.

Inside the massive, slightly chilly gymnasium, Truffles and Jenny lined up with nine other pairs of owners and pets to listen to the head trainer speak. She looked to Truffles to be a woman of advanced age whose eyes glittered at the sight of the new pets, and when she came nearer he thought she smelled so powerful that he would do anything he told her, anything at all. As he knelt, he spread his legs wider to show his submission, and the trainer smiled.

"The small ones are always more obedient," she said to Jenny, "don't you think?"

"I wouldn't know, I don't know many others and I just wanted the one to own," said Jenny.

"Well, I've always found that. My own petmales all have little cocks too – I had them shrunk down when I bought them – I find it puts them in their place most effectively. He is keen to show off his little pecker, isn't he. Did you train him to do that?"

"No, I think he's just naturally that submissive. Truffles loves being displayed."

"Non-consensual?"

"Yes, enslaved for his wellbeing. Which, mark you Truffles, is now among the highest twenty percent of the population."

"Well, let's see if we can get that up even higher, shall we?"

Jenny nodded and Truffles felt something pass unspoken between his owner and the trainer. Not for the first time, he wished he'd paid more attention to slave psychology when his doctor had recommended he try out slavery the first time. At least now he would know a bit more about how to resist. In fact, he reflected while the trainer inspected the other pets, he hadn't thought to resist for quite some time. He had just gotten used to being Jenny's pet.

"Owners! Please release your pets from their chastity devices and unmute their barks, then unclip their leashes and allow them to roam the room. I would appreciate if you set their nanites to block them from cumming," said the trainer.

"Pets!" she continued, "explore the gymnasium and try out a few of the obstacles. If you need to relieve yourselves, a pet toilet is located in the far corner. I want to see you scampering and moving as fast as you can!"

Truffles dashed into the training area and started moving around some of the simpler obstacles, like the seesaw and the set of poles that a petboy like him could run through by weaving right and left. He recognised the tone in the trainer's voice and he was keen to avoid any encounter with the long crop that she now brandished as she wandered amongst the human animals. 

Truffles counted four bitches and three males, and he could see from their tattoos that two of the girls and one of the boys were non-consensuals like him. All of the pets in the room looked younger than he did, but the owners ranged from barely eighteen up to late middle-age. Every time he caught Jenny's eye, she smiled and encouraged him – keep going, keep trying. 

There was a route around all of the obstacles that the pets could take – a few routes, in fact, but this one felt the best to Truffles. He started with the big polytunnel, dashing through it and skidding out of the other side in time to hop onto the seesaw that was balanced over a vaulting horse. It tipped him down on the other side near the start of the poles, and he heard giggles as he ran between them, presumably at the sight of his erect cock bobbing back and forth as he swayed from side to side.

The smell of the bitches had him aroused, and he lost focus whenever he caught sight of one of them attacking a different part of the course. He had to admit, though, that they weren't the only reason he was turned on. Tackling all the obstacles just felt so right in his petboy body, and he smelled the unmistakeable scent of his owner getting wetter and wetter as she watched him do it. It was so powerful to him that he swerved to be nearer to her whenever he completed a lap, but she noticed and waved him away each time with a roll of her eyes. He had to focus.

After the poles came a hoop to jump through, and it took all the human pets a few tries to time it right. Truffles had never realised his back legs – no his legs, just his legs, weren't they? - were that powerful. The modifications that had been made to him were still something he was discovering. Once through the hoop, there was a brush jump which caught on Truffles' cock painfully whenever he didn't quite make it across.

Next was a table, which one enterprising bitch realised needed to be jumped up on, earning applause from the roaming trainer. After that, every pet jumped up and paused there briefly, all looking unsure how long they were supposed to stay and what they should do up there. Truffles felt extremely exposed up there, and he got down swiftly each time. The table was followed by an A-frame, then a longer balance beam rounded out the course, bringing the pets back to the start. 

Sweat dripped from all the pets' bodies after half an hour of practice, and finally the trainer called a halt to the proceedings. Two pets had been whipped for taking too long at the pet toilet, and it was clear to them all that the trainer would brook no laziness of disobedience at all. The trainer bade them return to their owners and rest, and she stood to address them all.

"Owners first! You've all being doing something right – these are fine animals you've brought me, full of energy and just perfect for becoming showdogs. My favourites so far are Strawberry, who knows how to make that tight little pussy of hers sway as she runs, and Truffles, who is definitely a trier and a very good boy. You should be proud to have trained them so well.

"Pets! You're all good boys and good girls! Even the ones I had to whip a little took it without rancour – you know your place and it's on all-fours. I can see your tails wagging so I know you're enjoying yourselves, and let's face it, half of you are dripping on the floor as you go, especially you, Treacle, and you, Mummy's Girl. 

"Make no mistake, I'm not here to force you to do anything you don't already want to do. I accept only happy, healthy petboys and petgirls to train, and that's what you all are – I have your health stats to prove it. You are no longer people. You are no longer free. You are no longer in control of your own world. You are human in the genetic sense, but animals in every other way. Animals for pleasure, companionship and display. Your puppy minds are growing and I will help them grow, until you display your best selves to everyone who watches.

"Owners, back to you. I want you to get in tune with your pets. Line up and walk slow laps around the outer ring of the gym. Have your pets keep their cheek on the outside of your right thigh, and punish them with a slap of the crop every time they lose contact. It's up to you how fast you go, how often you stop – it's all up to you. Control their worlds. Please practise for half an hour."

Several of the owners stripped so that their pets could press a cheek to bare flesh, Jenny included. Truffles salivated over her as she stood tall above him wearing only her thong, and when she imperiously clicked her fingers for him to begin, his body obeyed her without his mind ever being involved. With his head that close to his owner's pussy, feeling the heat radiate off her leg, his cock got hard again.

Jenny started them off slowly, only giving Truffles the lightest taps with the crop when his cheek lost contact with her thigh. This didn't seem so bad to him, and he made little effort to learn her movements, preferring instead just to be with her and near her. This was fine until the trainer noticed them.

"Spare the crop, spoil the pet. He is not a person, he is an animal. Discipline him!"

Truffles yelped in shock the next time he failed the heel and lost contact, for Jenny swatted his bottom with precise, fast strokes of the crop that he could feel for long, hot seconds afterwards. He woofed at her gently – sorry – and started trying to move at the same pace she did. It was hard at first, making his body walk forward only when she did, making himself sway at the same pace as her steps, but soon he found a graceful stride that kept him touching Jenny's thigh almost without fail.

"Good puppy," said Jenny, and Truffles flushed with pride.

Jenny sped up without warning and Truffles caught a few more swats as he struggled to keep up. He wondered how he was supposed to stay in contact when his owner suddenly went faster, and he struggled through more painful blows while he tried to predict what she would do next. His eye caught the form of the little bitch Strawberry, who was almost prancing along with her cheek pressed firmly to her much older owner's thigh, never breaking contact even when the pace changed.

She was completely a petgirl already, completely surrendered to a life on all-fours. Truffles could tell that just by looking at her and smelling her. Surrender. That was what he had to do. Mistress Jenny, his owner and master, had taken his name, his voice and his freedom, and given him a new existence in return. He slept in a cage and ate from a bowl on the floor, but he had never been happier. Strawberry could keep pace with her owner because she had surrendered, and now she could somehow feel her owner's movements.

Truffles tried different ways to surrender as he and Jenny made more laps. In his mind, he swore himself to her, to serve her well and faithfully as a good slave for his term. It didn't help, they were still out of sync. Next he tried consciously surrendering his old name, consigning it to history and accepting that he was now a human animal named Truffles. That too didn't work, though it made him feel better even when the crop stung viciously on his petmale bottom.

Truffles let his mind wander while he considered what to do. His thoughts drifted and he came to with the sudden realisation that in a full lap, he had never once lost contact with Jenny's thigh. His senses had taken over. He had found what he needed to surrender to: his own body, the body that his society had forced on him when it had been ruled that he needed to live out his petmale fantasies to achieve his happiness.

He didn't need to predict what his owner would do, when she would speed up or slow down, he just needed to trust his own enhanced senses to detect and react. And they did. He sauntered around the room with Jenny, feeling safe and warm with her, while his puppy senses did the work of slowing or speeding his body. It felt like when Jenny donned her strapon and slowly penetrated him until he howled. It was a melting together of two bodies, and all he'd had to do was surrender to his new form.

The trainer called a stop and had everyone rest, then she set the pets back on laps of the obstacle course, so they could get more practice. Now Truffles felt more present in his own body, he took the obstacles much more easily than before. When he had to use the pet-toilet, he pissed in it in front of everyone and never even gave it a second thought, then bounded back around the course. He could smell Jenny's arousal, and it gave him the energy he needed to keep going as the sweat dripped off of him.

"Owners, please leash your pets and make your way at your leisure to the refectory, where lunch will be served. You may feed your pets your own food if you've brought any, otherwise there's a good spread for people and another one for puppies. I'm sure most of you, all of you in fact, are as turned on as me. Feel free to make use of your pets to get your own orgasms, but please don't let them have one. Good boys and girls wait."

"Come here, Mummy's Girl," said one owner as she tugged off the last of her clothes, "and lick Mummy to an orgasm. Good girl!"

"Truffles, kneel right there," said Jenny, as she stood in the middle of the gym floor, "and make me cum." She cast away her thong and stood above Truffles with her legs spread so his tongue could easily lick her. He woofed his appreciation and got to work, and soon he could smell and taste nothing but his mistress. With his tongue lapping her clit, he let his mitted hands rest in the begging position, and kept his legs apart so his puppy cock was always on show. Jenny came quickly, a gentle orgasm that Truffles licked up gratefully. The other owner and her pet Mummy's Girl soon followed them to the refectory.

The long lunch gave Truffles a chance to rest and catch his breath. Jenny was keeping him close at hand, and he was grateful to her for having him stay by her side in this strange place. Beneath the lunch table, the pets looked each other's bodies over and woofed their greetings to each other, while above, the owners talked about the finer points of pet training. Truffles thought they seemed confident that it didn't matter if their pets heard – though what would an animal like him do with the knowledge anyway?

There it was again. He caught himself thinking of himself as what they'd made him, not the man he once was. More and more as the days went on, he was no longer translating speech into barks, whines and gestures. Those were becoming his language. The rich world of smell, taste and sound he now lived in was overwhelming his human mind. Without being able to engage Jenny with language, he had bonded with her as a pet to its owner. Her word, her command, her leash, her body – they had made him calmer and happier than ever before.

With a light meal slowly digesting in his belly, Truffles ambled back to the gym, coming to heel the moment Jenny clicked her fingers. When the company was assembled once more, the trainer had the petboys and petgirls kneel in a row. They were docile but curious about what would come next It seemed to Truffles that these pets were all pretty obedient already – that must have been a prerequisite for their training. And here he was with them – Jenny's, well, her good boy.

"Pets!" said the trainer, "sit up on your hindlegs and present to me, front paws up in the begging position and hold there."

They snapped to the moment she finished speaking, not one of them able to disobey the confident words of a walking, talking, dominant female. Truffles saw Jenny's radiant smile, clearly pleased at how quickly he'd followed the order, and it filled him with such happiness that his tail sped up its near-constant wagging, rebounding off his buttocks as it traced out his joy. The trainer moved down the line of pets making her inspection – at the end of the row, Truffles would have to wait until last.

"Good boy, Mr Biscuit, that's superb posture. Good girl, Strawberry, your pussy really is one of the tightest I've ever seen – like a virgin princess. That's a lovely big cock you have, Streak, but if your mistress wants to show you, it's going to need reducing. A lot. Not yours though, Whisper – I love fresh little petboys like you. Treacle, those are the most marvellously erect puppy nipples I've seen on a bitch all year – is it really that cold in here? Mummy's Girl, your bottom is just fabulous – show it off as much as you can. Porcelain – you may be a non-consensual, but you have such bearing, like a royal puppy bitch. And Truffles, the hardest trier of them all – whoever reworked your nose and ears made a masterpiece of petboy sculpting. I bet you can smell your owner a mile off.
