 Author's Note: I don't think I can apologize for how late this is, cuz it is reaaaaaaly fucking late. I just havent been hit with that writing mood for forever, and then I was worried this might not live up to the massive expectations you guys might have of me [ ;) ]. Anyway, I decided to post this with the assurance that there won't be such a long wait for the next chapter. Hope you enjoy, feel free to leave comments or suggestions, I'm always looking for ways I could improve my writing! 

*

In the few minutes he had during his walk to the 3rd Year's floor, Ryna's angry mind worked feverishly to develop some attack plan other than all out assault. Stealth, he decided, wouldn't work, as the opposing leader might suspect an attack when his goons failed to return. Sending his gang members in to fight would be suicidal for them, and a ambush wouldn't work because they didn't know the location of the main camp. He rapidly conveyed his thoughts to the two 4th years and Sensara.

"Yeah, the conventional options seem to be failing us here," Markan remarked.

"Why don't--" Sensara and Natalie began at the same time.

"You go first," Sensara said, deferring to the older girl.

"Thank you. I think we should try to mix two strategies," Natalie suggested.

"Yeah! I was thinking we could ambush a guard, then ambush their main camp. By the way, I'm not officially condoning this," Sensara said sternly.

"I wasn't expecting to make it through this unscathed anyway. But that sounds like a good plan, except we'll need to make it quiet, or there's a chance we'll get found out before we're ready..." Ryna left off.

"They won't suspect me, so maybe I could lure a guard into a more secluded space," Natalie suggested.

"Someone's on fire today with the strategies," Markan said admiringly.

"Why don't we just use a fire attack, and get them all in one blow," Ryna joked.

"Because you'll be paying for the repairs with the job you find," Sensara replied menacingly. Ryna put up his hands in an "I'm innocent" gesture in response. It was at this point that they had reached the 3rd year floor.

"I'm gonna see where the boys are at," Ryna said, a worried tone edging its way into his voice. He pulled out his Personal Unit and dialed Ulgo's number. It rang for a couple seconds before he picked up. Immediately, Ryna knew something was wrong.

"Ulgo, where are you?! Do you need help?" Ryna asked desperately. 

"No...way, boss... We got these...guys, you go...on ahead!" he replied, panting heavily. In the background, Ryna heard the sounds of a serious fight. Then the line disconnected from Ulgo's side. "Bastards! They must have been waiting for them to make a move!"

"There was nothing you could do! How could you have known that even they'd be watched by the 3rd years?" Sensara comforted.

"I should be up there with them--" Ryna began, moving to the next set of stairs. Markan grabbed his arm.

"Do you really want to disrespect their wishes like that? They're fighting so that you can attack the enemy camp without interruptions, and you want to ruin that by joining them up there?" Markan asked.

"You need to take care of Leo and Susana before you even think of going to rescue anyone," Natalie chided.

"Yeah, I guess," Ryna said, the logic in their words stinging him, "but do me a favor, yeah? Take Sensara up there and help them out. Trust me, it'll be safer up there than in that room."

"That, I can do," Markan said, grinning. Before she could complain, he grabbed Sensara's arm, and began to sprint up the stairs, followed closely by Natalie. Ryna sighed, thinking over the difficulty of the task he had just assigned himself to do, completely alone.

"Well, shit," he thought.

Relax, we can make it through this easily Carl said, attempting to soothe Ryna's nerves.

"I'm not worried about that, I'm worried no one will be around to see how cool I look," Ryna thought-remarked sarcastically. He stood up and strode down the hallway, freezing time. It was deserted, and he made his way systematically through the classrooms to find where the 3rd Year gang's leaders would have their hideout. The classroom at the end of the hall was the same as any of the other classrooms except one thing: there were two guys hanging around nonchalantly at the entrance, each with some form of weapon concealed on their person. Not very well-concealed, but concealed nonetheless. Ryna decided to go with the direct approach to get in.

"Good afternoon boys, take a seat, won't you?" Ryna said as he resumed time in between them, his arms outstretched. In an instant he had both men unconscious on the floor, their heads having been knocked against the wall of the room they had been guarding. Ryna opened the door, and strolled in looking positively joyful.

"Well, I expected you to come here sometime, little 1st year. Not this quickly though," Leo said from his perch on the window sill directly across the room. Susana was sitting next to him, absentmindedly stroking his thigh. Other than them, there was no one else visibly in the room, though Ryna suspected that there were a few hidden somewhere.

"Yeah well, what can I say, I hate to disappoint," Ryna remarked, "I'm sorry if I was unannounced, the wonderful gentlemen you had out front said I had been expected, so I let myself in,"

"Well, now that you're here, you may as well stay for the party. Any minute, my pawns will be coming back here with the unconscious bodies of your puny gang members. I imagine you would find that quite the sight, yes? but first--" as he spoke, three more men seemingly emerged from the woodwork of the room. They formed a triangle around Ryna, each still a good 10 feet in any direction.

"Big friends you got there," Ryna said, feigning concern in his voice.

"We'll be nice and give you a choice: 1-on-1 or all three at once?" Susana said, speaking for the first time since Ryna had entered.

"Well, 1-on-1 would be too unfair," Ryna said, pausing to let them chuckle at what they thought was him praising their strength, "I'll just have to take all three"

For a solid ten seconds, no one moved. Leo and Susana stared at him amusedly, while the thugs glared, slowly understanding that he had insulted them. Without a word, two charged Ryna, while the third took out what appeared to be a stun gun. Ryna ducked under the first charge, rolled, and came up behind the second thug. he grabbed his shirt and, with a moderate pull, lifted the man off the ground.

By now, the first thug had recovered and wheeled to face Ryna and his helplessly flailing friend. He circled around Ryna, trying and quickly succeeding at getting to somewhere where he could attack without fear of hitting his friend. He rushed Ryna again, and closed to within three feet before Ryna swung the thug he was holding into the first and let go, sending them both sprawling into a mess of desks and chairs. Ryna immediately paused time and strode behind the ranged thug, whose frozen figure had taken aim and was ready to shoot at where Ryna had just stood. He resumed time with an uppercut to the thug's jaw, as well as a hook into his ribs. Ryna swept his foot across the thug's legs, catching them as he was lifted off the ground, and forcing him to land on his now extremely pained jaw. Suffice to say, he was unconscious within seconds of hitting the ground. 

Ryna spun quickly, and grabbed the discarded stun gun from the floor, and put two rounds into the pile of human struggling to get up from under a desk a few yards away.

"Now that that is taken care of, may I suggest we keep going?" Ryna asked, tossing the stun gun onto the limp body of the 3rd thug.

"That was impressive 1st year, I will admit," Leo said, looking from body to body.

"But that won't be enough to beat Leo," Susana announced, sounding proud.

"Hahaha is that so, well, there is only one way to find out, right?" Ryna asked, laughing. A murderous glint came into his eye that showed that he wasn't playing around though.

"What a pain, putting 1st years in their place is really boring after a while, you know?" Leo mocked.

"I'm sure it is. I got bored of beating up the 3rd years after just 5," Ryna returned.

"You little shit, what makes you think you can walk up here and disrespect us like this?" Leo snarled, his tone turning fierce.

"I dunno, maybe something about you trying to attack my girlfriend, and sending your thugs after my motley crew while they ate their lunch," Ryna replied, his tone just as fierce as Leo's

"That was just puttin' you back in your place," Leo condescended.

"And this is putting you back in yours," Ryna said. He motioned for Leo to attack first, then assumed a defensive crouch.

"You cocky little prick..." Leo let the sentence trail off as he closed the distance to Ryna in a quick stutter of steps designed to throw off Ryna's timing. When it came, it was fast and low, aiming for the pit of Ryna's stomach. He took it, coughing up a little from the blow, but he grabbed hold of Leo's arm. Spinning around behind him, Ryna twisted Leo's arm over his head into a position where he could snap it easily.

Leo, recognizing the maneuver, dropped backwards onto the floor, forcing Ryna to let go or be dragged down as well. Ryna released his arm, then drove his foot into the ribs of his now prone opponent. Leo rolled away after the blow, and came up standing a couple feet away.

Before he had time to reset, Ryna charged. Leo anticipated, and swung his arm out in the direction of Ryna's stomach. Too early. Ryna pivoted around the blow, and brought a spinning ellbow into his opponent's ribs, knocking him off balance. As he was stumbling trying to regain balance, Ryna brought his foot down on the back of Leo's knee, forcing him to the ground. Ryna grabbed the back of his neck and pushed him all the way down to the ground.

"Call your thugs off. Now," Ryna demanded. There was a slight pause before Leo answered.

"You think you've won?" he snarled.

"Its just a hunch," Ryna remarked. He applied more pressure to the back of Leo's neck as an added incentive.

"Its not over till the fat lady sings bitch," Leo replied stubbornly.

"Stop!" Susana cried, "you've beaten us, we'll call off our men."

"But--" Leo began to protest. He was instantly silenced by a look from Susana.

"Well, looks like she sang after all, huh Leo?" Ryna teased, laughing despite his anger. It took a mental effort, but Ryna removed himself from Leo's back, and stepped away a few feet.

"Susana has broken up our little party this time, 1st year, but don't think I'm going to forget this!" Leo exclaimed, glaring death at Ryna.

"You sound like a cliche soap opera," Ryna mocked. He tensed slightly, readying for a renewed assault, but Susana put a hand across Leo's chest to stop him.

"Shush, you already got beaten once. Doing it twice in one day isn't going to look any better," she chastised. She had pulled out her Personal Unit, and had it pressed to her ear. She mumbled something into it, then turned to address Ryna. "I just called our men, but no one is answering."

"So its my complete victory then," Ryna said, laughing. He turned and left without waiting to hear a response. Ryna bounded down the hall and up the stairs to the roof to see what was happening. He opened the door onto the roof, and instantly there was a hand at his throat. Ryna jerked back, caught off-guard. Then he realized it was Markan.

"Asshole, what if you just knocked me back down the stairs? How would I join the victory celebration from the infirmary?" Ryna asked jokingly, recovered already.

"I told you guys he would fall for it!" Markan hollered to something behind him. Ryna's gang appeared from the behind various hiding spots, and resignedly handed Markan small amounts of change.

"You bet that I would almost get hit by Markan?" Ryna asked, laughing.

"We bet that you wouldn't Boss!" one of them exclaimed.

"It's alright, it looks like Markan is going out and buying all the supplies for the victory celebration!" Ryna declared, earning a huge round of laughing and applause. "Now then, how was the fight?"

"Boss! We handled 'em, no problems!" one of them exclaimed, beaming.

"Wait, Ulgo made it sound like you guys were in trouble up there," Ryna said, confused.

"Well, we were a little. They caught us by surprise, and then you called. But then that 4th year showed up, and we all kicked ass," the same one explained.

"Markan made that much of a difference?" Ryna asked.

"He and that chick with him, not the Lady though. The 4th years were like some kinda super combo, it was crazy!" they all murmured in assent.

"Who is 'the Lady'?" Ryna asked, growing more and more confused by the second.

"Me," Sensara said, groaning. She had managed to push her way through the crowd to the front. 

"Because you are the Boss, it only makes sense that we call Lady Sensara the Lady," Ulgo explained this time, calm despite the group of excited friends behind him.

"Um... that's a little weird. Did she like the title?" Ryna asked, grinning deviously, intentionally talking about Sensara like she wasn't there.

"No, I don't!" Sensara exclaimed.

"Nope, she demanded that we call her something else," Ulgo replied, continuing to talk about Sensara like she wasn't there.

"Listen up boys, Boss Decree time!" Ryna shouted. Instantly they all grew silent and turned to face Ryna, "First off, great job in the last fight! Second, from now on, Sensara is going to be known as the Lady. It's official, and she can't countermand that order!" 

"I hate you," Sensara said resignedly.

"Yes sir Boss!" they shouted in unison.

"Then back to base for partying!" Ryna exclaimed, leading the charge back to the 1st year hallway. They hadn't made it far, however, when Sensara pulled Ryna out of the group.

"Not so fast Mr. Big Bad Gang Boss. You have to come with me," she exclaimed, starting to drag him down the 4th year hallway toward the Student Council Room.

"It seems the Feds have got me boys. Go on without me," Ryna declared dramatically.

"Alright Boss, we'll get everything ready for you when you get back," Ulgo replied, ignoring Ryna's dramatic statement.

"Not necessary. We all know how long the 'process' can take," he said, winking. Sensara grabbed his ear spitefully, while several of the guys whistled and hooted. Then they turned and continued on the war path, leaving Sensara and Ryna alone.

"You're officially an ass," she said, pulling him by the ear down the hallway.

"Just keeping morale up," Ryna joked, wincing slightly as she tugged his ear harder. Thankfully, they reached the Student Council room quickly. Sensara pressed her hand to a panel next to the door, and it retreated into the wall. Inside were a myriad of desks with monitors on them, and most had a rather large stack of papers perched dangerously near the edge. There were a few people in the room, but Sensara ignored them all in favor of a door in the center of the back wall labelled "Student Body President". She opened the door in a similar fashion as she had the first door.

"From out of the frying pan and into the fire, as they say" Ryna muttered under his breath. She had let go of his ear the moment they had crossed the threshold into her office, and used her newly-freed hand to reach back and press a few buttons on a keypad in the wall. The door slid shut, and there was a small *click*.

"I take it this is going to be a harsh interrogation," Ryna joked, sitting down on one of the couches that lined the side of the room. Without a word, Sensara fell on him, pressing her lips hungrily to his, forcing her tongue into his unsuspecting mouth. She held his head to prevent him from breaking away, and pressed her body onto his. As suddenly as it started, she pulled away.

"Don't ever do that again," she said, tears welling up in her eyes. Ryna enveloped her in his arms. 

"What do you mean?" he asked quietly, stroking her back to soothe her.

"I mean don't push me away every time you go and do something dangerous. Don't you think I'm just as worried about you as you are for me?" she asked, burying her face in his chest and letting her tears fall.

"I suppose, but I just can't put you at risk too," Ryna replied. 

"Why not? What makes me so frail that you can't bring me with you?" she asked, balling her fists.

"I don't know. I mean, obviously you are capable of taking care of yourself, but every time I think of you fighting someone I get so scared that you might get hurt, or worse," Ryna said, the very thought making him shiver.

"And you think I don't get that same feeling every time you go gallivanting off with Ulgo and the others every morning?" she retorted, her words stinging Ryna.

"I...I'm sorry Sensara, I didn't know it bothered you so much," Ryna said frantically. Sensara could sense that Ryna was trying to appease her without conceding, and decided to push her luck.

"Apologize all you want, I'm not going to forgive you until you promise to stop pushing me away whenever things get ugly," Sensara said, steel in her voice.

"All I'm going to say is that you may not always like what you see," Ryna said, sighing. Sensara grinned ear-to-ear.

"So the 'cry-then-toughen-up' strategy works on you huh? Good to know..." she teased, kissing his cheek and rolling off him.

"That was an act?! Dammit Sensara, that's not cool," Ryna said, a look of betrayal crossing his face. He caught her and pulled her back on top of him, staring into her eyes. Eyes that seemed different all of a sudden. "Sensara where you using that power thing on me?"

"Maaaybe," she said flirtatiously. 

"So you were reading exactly what would work huh? Well you know what, I know exactly how to handle you," Ryna said, slipping a hand under her pants to rub her asshole.

"Mmm... heheh, Ryna, when I look at your head I can see all your thoughts written out. I know exactly what you want to do," she said, giggling. She pulled his hand away, then flipped around so that her pussy was over his face. She pulled down his pants, freeing his cock. She rested her head next to it, licking the base a little as she reached back and pulled down the tights she was wearing to reveal her dripping wet pussy.

"Were you horny this whole time?" Ryna asked, wondering how she could be so wet.

"Lets just say that you were thinking some pretty erotic thoughts buster. And imagining you doing them was PRETTY stimulating. But you know the best part?" she asked, beginning to lick her way up his cock.

"No, what's the best part?" Ryna asked, licking her wet slit delicately.

"Now I get to do them with you," she replied. She had reached the tip of his now fully-erect cock, and began to swirl her tongue over it. He moaned into her pussy, sending shivers down her spine. Deciding that she had played around enough, Sensara forced her head down until her chin was rubbing his pubic hair. She held it there until she started to gag, then pulled up until just the tip was in her mouth. She noticed that he had subconsciously, or maybe even consciously lifted his hips to try and make her take him that deep again.

Meanwhile Ryna was occupied with licking her pussy. He teased the edge of her pussy, drawing an oval around her increasingly wet slit, then dragged his tongue from end to end to lick her clit. Then, as he felt her hips start to grind against his face, he pulled his tongue back and gave her clit a playful bite.

"Mmmm, you're such a bully Ryna!" Sensara exclaimed, taking a momentary pause from deepthroating him. He chuckled, then raised a hand to play with her clit. She pressed her thighs together on his head and forced him horizontal on the couch, then spread them again to let him continue eating her out. He hungrily obliged, reinserting his tongue into her. A few moments later, as her moaning was growing louder and more ragged, she lifted herself up and flipped around so that his cock pressed against her pussy. She began to slowly grind her hips against him, as much for her pleasure as his, then lifted slightly so that she could reach down and position him to slide into her.
