 *Author's note- Boy, this took much longer than expected. Work has been piling up for me, and surprise assignments left and right have kept me away from this, so instead of making you wait another month (or longer) for a longer chapter, here is just enough to hold you over till the next chapter... Plz dont kill me hahaha! Anyway, It's still a pretty long chapter overall, I think you'll enjoy!*




The torture continued the next morning. Ryna awoke to find that Sensara had wrapped herself around his arm, and was slowly grinding her bare thigh against his painfully erect morning wood.

"Man, she's not even awake yet and she's taunting me," Ryna thought. He kissed her lightly on the forehead, "Sensara, time to wake up sleepy head,"

"Mmm?" she mumbled, her eyes slowly opening. She quickly took stock of her position, but rather than blushing and scrambling away, she turned onto him so that she was partially on top of him, her leg pressed further into his crotch.

"What was that, love?" she asked, a glint of mischievousness coming to her eyes.

"I was just about to ask when you planned on move your sexy tushy off of me so we can get ready for class," Ryna said, working hard to refrain from touching her. She noticed.

"Mmm why would I wanna move, its much more comfortable on top of you," she teased. She slowly rubbed her thigh into his cock again, clearly able to feel it through his pajama pants, "What's the matter Ryna, do you not like it?"

"You're a cruel temptress Sen." Ryna declared, shaking his head slightly. Sensara giggled and set to work kissing his exposed collarbone. She inched her way up his neck, then over his earlobe, and back down his cheek to his lips. She rested her lips on his, but stubbornly refused to kiss him. "Oh so cruel," Ryna remarked.

"Ryna, why aren't you touching me like usual? Wouldn't you rather be doing something with your hands?" Sensara prodded as she reached back and grabbed his hands. She dragged them up her thighs to her ass, letting them linger there for a maddeningly long period of time, then helped them continue their journey to her midback. On a regular day, Ryna would have lovingly played with her hair. But today was not a regular day. Ryna had decided not to fall for her teasing, no matter how much he reeeeally wanted to.

"I'm not even gonna lie, Sensara, that's heartless," Ryna said, lifting his hands off her back and putting them underneath him so she couldn't grab them again.

"Boo, you're no fun," she pouted. Ryna smiled and gave her a quick kiss. Then he appeared standing at the foot of the bed, half dressed for school already. She fell onto the mattress with a startled yelp. "Rynaaa that was mean." 

"I think it was called for," Ryna replied, fully dressed now. She looked up at him and gave him a pout, but got up and got dressed as well. After a quick bite to eat they made their way to the school building. Ryna automatically turned to face her for their customary goodbye-kiss, but she just smiled back.

"Nope, not even a goodbye kiss for you Ryna," she teased. She turned and skipped off, joining a small group of girls as they headed off to their classroom.

"Oh, life is rough Ryna, life is rough," he silently mused. He thought he heard Carl chuckle a little, but he didn't say anything, so Ryna dismissed it. Instead, he wandered his way to class 1-X, and took a seat by one of the windows. Most of his friends were already there, chatting excitedly about the upcoming trip.

"'Ey mon, how did things with the Lady go?" Raas asked, coming to sit beside Ryna.

"Oh well, you know how girls are. They love you one day, and hate you the next," Ryna said, pretending to be forlorn.

"She's that mad eh?" he asked.

"Actually she's not all that mad. She's just refusing to do anything with me," Ryna replied.

"Anything?" 

"Anything."

"That's a bummer mon, especially right before the trip," Raas commiserated.

"Yeah really. I have a feeling she'll break during the trip and-"

"And do what Ryna?" Iures asked from behind him. Ryna jumped a little, and regretted it instantly when the old man chuckled.

"Oh, ya' know. The usual." Ryna explained. He intentionally let himself sound more startled than he was.

"The usual? What does that mean Ryna, please share," Iures said, resting a menacing hand on Ryna's shoulder. The other guys had stopped talking and were listening in now as well, intrigued by how Ryna was going to get out of the situation, if he was at all.

"Holding hands, picking flower bouquets and going on picnic dates. She's a hopeless romantic Gramps," Ryna replied, smiling. Iures chuckled and gave him a firm squeeze before he let go and sauntered to the podium at the front of the classroom. They all took a seat.

"Well guys, you did it. The trip to the Altacun Beach is going to be tomorrow–so this weekend–and the following two days, which conveniently corresponds to the beginning of your winter break," he began. There were a few chuckles, and few of them thought the coincidence was by mistake. He continued, "Because it is your break, and we realize that interplanetary travel to see your families can have enormous time restraints, I have persuaded the school's board to allow students to stay at Altacun for their break. All in all, a week and 2 days of beach, if you so choose-"

"More like a week and 2 days of bikinis Professor Liuna!" one of the guys joked. Iures smiled and resumed.

"-due to it being Winter Break, there will only be a few staff present, so I expect you all to behave even better than usual... Ah, who am I kidding, just don't cause too much trouble for me okay?"

"Yes sir Professor Liuna. You know us, we're pretty much saints! Right guys?" Juras joked. They all laughed and nodded.

"Good. Well, I know it seems lazy of me, but your study marathon has exhausted my old bones, so you have today off to pack for the trip tomorrow," Iures said, his grin contradicting his words. They cheered and all got up to leave, but Iures had one more thing to say. "Oh yes boys, I'm warning you quite a ways in advance, but immediately following the break, the Aptitude Tests begin. Any of you with partners will be expected to participate, so if you find a nice girl over the break, spend a little time working together to find out a good fighting style, okay? Oh, and Ryna, will you stay back for a minute?"

"Sure gramps," Ryna called, standing and coming to stand with him at the podium. The other guys trickled out, nodding excited farewells, until at last just Ryna and Iures were left in the classroom.

"So what's up Gramps? I don't need another tour. Sensara found out about the last one, and I still have bruises..." Ryna said, only half-joking.

"Son, I know you really love her, but letting her abuse you isn't the way to show it," Iures chuckled.

"I don't think letting her abuse me is how I'd phrase it..." Ryna trailed off. 

"Oh, no I know how she is. There's no stopping her when you get her angry. But that's not what I needed to talk to you about," Iures said, his tone growing serious. Ryna nodded solemnly, and he continued, "During the Altacun trip, you are going to be free to do as you please. But during Winter Break you will be with me. I have a surprise for you,"

"A surprise? That can't be good," Ryna mumbled. Iures pretended he didn't hear it, and shoo'd Ryna out of the classroom under the pretense of "It isn't good for young minds to sit in an empty classroom, go out into the world!" 

Ryna laughed and left, deciding that he may as well pack, since he was going to be away for an extended period of time now. He arrived at his dormitory door shortly after that, and was greeted by the smell of food. "Odd, I wonder who's making food?" he thought as he pushed open the door.

"Oh, are you home darling?" Sensara called from the kitchen upon hearing the door open. Ryna closed it behind him, and put his things down near the door, then walked into the kitchen. He had to stifle an exasperated sigh when he saw that Sensara was dressed only in an apron.

"You're too much for me Sen," Ryna remarked, sitting down at the table. He was eyeing her bare ass less-than-discreetly, but she seemed too focused on the task at hand to notice.

"I thought you'd like it," she teased, swaying her ass enticingly.

"And here I thought I could get away from you today by hanging out with the guys," Ryna groaned sarcastically.

"Aww, you wanted to not see me that badly? I'm hurt!" she exclaimed, pretending to trace a tear going down her cheek. She turned around, revealing that it was either cold in there, or she was just excited to see him, and straddled his leg, letting her bare pussy rest on his thigh.

"Uh huh, I'm sure you're just stricken with pain, right?" Ryna smirked. He decided to play along, and grabbed her by the ass and pulled her closer to him. 

"I'm dying here, can't you tell?" she replied, leaning in so that her nose touched his. She bit her lip, trying to push him over the edge.

"I can't, maybe I should look closer," he said, grinning wickedly. Before she realized it, her apron was gone, and his finger was rubbing her clit slowly, earning a brief moan. She shut it down quickly, but she could feel the heat rising to her cheeks.

"R-Ryna, I think that's enough d-don't you?" she stammered, more sensitive than usual.

"I don't know, is it?" he teased back, giving it a little pinch before he let go. She gave a sigh of relief and turned back to the stove, not bothering to look for the apron.

"So grandfather gave you the day off as well?" she asked, her voice back under control again. 

"Yeah, he said we needed to pack. And he's keeping me there for the winter break too, so I need to pack extra." Ryna said. 

"He's keeping you over the break? What for?" she asked.

"I don't know really, he said it was 'a surprise'. And he was grinning wickedly," Ryna replied, stroking his nonexistent beard thoughtfully. Sensara's brow furrowed.

"Well that can't be good. I hope he isn't planning to give you another 'tour'. For your sake," she threatened, smiling cruelly. Ryna raised his hands in surrender.

"Hey hey, no need for threats, I told him that another tour wouldn't be worth it!" Ryna exclaimed, eyeing her carefully as she cracked her knuckles menacingly. He didn't even need to be able to see emotions to see the threatening aura coming off of her.

"Wouldn't be worth-"

"Wouldn't ever be needed again,"

"That's what I thought I heard," she said, cheerfully returning to her cooking. They passed a couple moments in silence before Ryna spoke again.

"So what are you cooking?" he asked, sniffing the air delicately.

"You can't tell by the smell?" she asked in return.

"Well, the readers can't smell through their screens... I mean it could be a multitude of things," he replied.

"Well, since you are insistent on knowing, they're cinnamon streusel muffins," she explained, sighing in exasperation.

"...do I get any?" Ryna asked, hope in his eyes.

"Maybe, if you're good," she teased, flashing him a smile.

"If I'm good? What does that even mean?" he asked. He appeared behind her and enveloped her exposed body in his arms, "Does a hug count as being good?"

"Mmm, I haven't decided yet," she replied, nuzzling into his chest. He appeared back in his seat again, leaving Sensara high and dry.

"Well that was a waste. I wanted a muffin for my hug," Ryna said, pouting at her. She laughed a little and resumed filling the molds with muffin mix.

"And here I thought you were hugging me because you wanted ME, not the muffins.." she answered, pretending to be hurt.

"Psh, no! Muffins or bust woman!" Ryna exclaimed, laughing.

"Well, now you're definitely not getting any," she said, filling the last of the molds on the tray. She put the tray into the oven, then turned and made herself comfortable in Ryna's lap. Still entirely nude. Ryna allowed her to settle in, then replied.

"And what could you do to stop me?" 

"Well, I could physically hold you back from my muffins," she suggested.

"Would that actually work though? I can just time-freeze and walk around you," he said, earning a soft jab in the ribs.

"But you would never do that after I expressly tell you not to, right?" she asked, a hint of an empty threat in her voice.

"I already have two times today sooo," Ryna stated matter-of-factly.

"Hmm, thats true. You're so mean to me, eating my muffins even when I ask you not to," she teased.

"Hey I haven't eaten them yet, they aren't even finished cooking!" he exclaimed innocently.

"Sighh, but as soon as they are I'm sure they'll all mysteriously disappear, and someone will taste curiously similar to cinnamon streusel, right?" she asked resignedly.

"Possibly... what are they for anyway?" Ryna asked, allowing his arms to wrap themselves in a relatively innocent position around her stomach.

"I'm not sure yet, I just felt inspired to bake," she said, putting her own arms over his, partially add to the romantic feel, and partially to keep him from moving them further south.

"So you've made muffins for no particular reason, but a potential reason, namely me, is not allowed to have any?" Ryna asked, his tone light and joking.

"Shut up, I'll find someone else to give them to. There are other cute boys in the school you know," she replied, pinching his hand.

"Oh, and are you going to give them the muffins dressed like this?" 

"Of course not, I'm a modest girl Ryna, I don't enjoy streaking with muffins," she huffed.

"So that means you'd have to get dressed at some point?" Ryna prodded.

"Of course. I would be (marginally) dressed if you hadn't gotten rid of my apron," she replied.

"What if I don't let you?" he asked, tightening his arms a little.

"Well that would cause problems with my plan to give out the muffins.." she trailed off, leaning her head back to brush her lips against his. Happy to finally receive some affection, Ryna pressed his lips to hers, unconsciously letting his arms wander up her sides. She seized the opportunity, bursting out of his arms with a victorious "HA!" and streaking toward the bedroom. 

Ryna sighed, then waited till a second or two, until he figured she would have her hands on the door to the bedroom. He paused time, and made his way into the bedroom. As he had guessed, she was smiling wickedly, both hands on the doorknob, door already half-closed. He assumed that her next step would be to lock it.

"Maybe I should play with her a bit..." he thought, grinning devilishly. Her closet was of the walk-in variety (perks of being related to the headmaster, I suppose...), so Ryna walked-in and hid inside the standup racks that lined the back wall. He resumed time and waited. 

"Suck on that Ryna!" she shouted at the empty kitchen, then the door slammed shut and the sound of the lock clicking was clearly audible. He didn't hear her walk into the closet, but she started mumbling.

"That was a close one, I shouldn't have kissed him," she mumbled to herself, "I almost caved in right there. Damn him for being so patient. I mean I can go for a few days without sex, but not kissing him or doing anything at all is hard! It's all his fault; if he hadn't been such a dumbass I wouldn't need to keep up this stupid punishment. But what else can I do, I can't give in now, it'll make me look like I'm weak-willed. Ugh, this shit only ever happens when he's involved!"

Ryna chuckled a little, and decided to let her keep talking.

"I wonder if he ever has monologues about me? I would wanna hear one of those," she mused. Then she started up again in her best impression of Ryna's voice, "'Ugh man Sensara is being such a prude these days, I wonder what's up? She said something like it was MY fault, but I'm amazing and talented and cool and super athletic and gorgeous, so there's no way it could ever be my fault. Maybe she's on her time of month?' Yeah right, he's more sensitive than that, right?" she finished. Ryna could barely contain himself he was laughing so hard. Fortunately, she chose that moment to pull a dress from the back row, and Ryna jumped out, grabbing her shoulders.

"Boo." he said in a monotone voice. She screamed, her hands flying to counter, and Ryna was soon on the ground with one arm pulled back up at a painful angle and her sitting on his back. Her chest was rising and falling rapidly, and her eyes still wide, adrenaline pumping through her veins.

"Ow ow ow, okay okay I apologize, it was mean and a bad idea, let me go!" Ryna exclaimed. She released him immediately and got up so that he could sit up and face her.

"Yeezus, what the hell Ryna? Don't scare me like that!" she chided, looking angry.

"I'm sorry, but I think I got the worst out of that deal, don't you?" Ryna remarked, rubbing his shoulder.

"You deserved it," she said simply.

"Be that as it may, there are more important things to discuss. Is that really how you think I talk to myself?" Ryna asked, his smile growing unbearably huge. Sensara blushed fiercely, realizing that he had been eavesdropping.

"H-h-how long w-were you in there?!" Sensara stammered.

"Oh, the whole time," Ryna replied, laughing.

"You jerk! I locked the door!" she exclaimed. 

"I came in before you closed the bedroom door," he explained.

"I hate you," she mumbled back, using the dress in her hands to cover her face.

"I'm sure. So really though, is that how you picture me monologuing in your mind?" Ryna asked, boyish curiosity finding its way into his grin.

"Maybe..." she replied, barely audible through her dress.

"I don't compliment myself that much. At least I don't think I do," Ryna replied, hugging her comfortingly.

"Shut up, now is not the time for your smart ass comments," she quipped. Ryna shrugged and just pulled her into his chest.

"You know, I won't think of you as weak-willed if you break your odd vow to not be physical with me. Hopelessly in love with me, yes. But weak-willed? No," Ryna soothed. He was about to lean her back onto the ground, but decided against it. No need to push her into anything yet.

"Yes you will," she replied.

"Look at me with those beautiful purple eyes of yours," her eyes dilated and changed color instantly, "I don't think you're weak-willed. You just forced me to the ground and could have broken my arm if you wanted to for Pete's sake!"

"...fine, you're not lying to me." she said flatly.

"Hey hey! There we go. So with that out of the way, I'm going to kiss you," Ryna told her, grinning. She lowered the dress from her face, and Ryna leaned forward until his lips met hers. She yielded to him quickly, letting him lean them both down until he was on top of her, kissing her passionately. She let him into her mouth, both of them kissing hungrily. Eventually, Ryna pulled away, and looked at her lovingly.

"See, that wasn't so bad," he teased.

"Shut up and come back here," she commanded, putting her arms around his neck and forcing him back down onto her lips. This time she took the offensive, pressing her tongue against his lips until he let her in, then playing coyly with his tongue. A short while later, he pulled away again and rolled off of her.

"Yeah, I missed that," Ryna remarked, satisfied. She rolled her eyes and stood up, giving Ryna a liberal view of her barely-clothed body. She slipped the dress in her hands over her head, and turned to help him up.

"We should get packing, right?" she asked.

"Yeah, sure. How much are you bringing?" Ryna asked back.

"What do you mean 'how much'? An outfit for each day obviously! Now out, I don't want you to see my panties, that would be indecent," she teased, flashing him a smile. He sighed and left the closet, and closed the door behind him. He absentmindedly caressed his lip, remembering the kiss. After a while, something broke him from his reverie, and he began rummaging around the room for a bag to hold clothes.
