 Gold hadn't seen daylight in days. He had been mounting his horse to make his way to the Pits from the palace and then everything went dark. When he woke up his head was bruised and he had the unmistakable pain of having his asshole used. For the first day he was blindfolded, tossed in the palace dungeons he recognized from the smell. There were pungent sweaty men around, most of whom would grope at his parts in the dark. He never made an attempt to fight them back though, letting them pinch his nipples and fondle his sack. He heard one of the guards moan before something landed in his half-open mouth and chin. Then there was laughter, then slapping, then the smell of piss as he was drenched in liquid. He felt himself being picked up and tossed around, turned upside down while someones cock rubbed against his face. Shoving ensued, then shouting and ultimately ended with a cock inside him. A few thrusts and he fell to the floor as someone else tried to mount him. It was what seemed like hours of abuse in the darkness, before all the footsteps disappeared and he lay in the puddles of what he hoped was cum.

"Is this what you want Gold?" said a man's voice from across the room. It had been quiet for minutes yet the man had just now made a sound. Gold sat in silence and darkness, trying to identify the voice's master.

"I asked you a question Kujrakun. Is this what you want?"

"No," Gold feebly replied. He heard footsteps get closer to him before he was hoisted up and pushed down into what felt like a chair. The man's hand was rubbing his face, his thumb inside Gold's mouth.

"Good," the voice replied, "What do you want Gold?"

Gold thought for a few seconds, remembering every the injustices he suffered at the fates of others, "Respect...dignity," he replied.

The voice took a few seconds before replying as well, "You are too far gone to be respected my former prince. No one will respect a man lying in the filth of other men. No one will respect a man who was mounted by his brother in front of an entire kingdom. No one will ever respect you as a man, Gold."

"If you're going to rape me just rape me, you're men were rough enough for me to fear no retribution," an agitated gold lashed out.

The voice began to laugh, "I do not mate with men, you fool. As delicate and feminine as you look, you have a cock and balls. Not all leaders behave as your beastly brother does."

"Gret, what do you want?" Gold answered sharply, "I have nothing to offer you."

"Oh but you do. Do you know what happened at the Fighting Pits?"

"No. I assume my brother is dead."

The voice paused, "The fate of your brother is unknown. He has dabbled in demonology it seems, and our assassination attempt failed. He has escaped, with all your sisters it seems." There was another pause, "Do you think they would return for you Gold? And I don't mean if they regained the throne, I mean your brother risking his life coming into my palace to rescue you. Would brave Lione rescue you as he did Coroni?"

"Yes. He would. He loves me...he loves my holes."

The voice chuckled, "There's a lot to love in your holes I admit. Do you wish to be rescued by our former king Gold, though? To continue to be the black sheep of the most depraved family in Kujrakun? Respect you say, that path has none of that. My offer does though."

This time Gold chuckled, "Your mind games are of no value to you sir. If you wish me to be your dog I shall take a new master, that is agreeable with me."

"Nath Gret is dead, Gold. Your brother killed my father. He didn't see the value in capturing you, so I did it on my own accord. A Kujrakun Queen was what he wanted, Casia preferably. You were a low hanging fruit, in addition to being insurance against your sisters dying in the rape, I couldn't let you get away. Now all the players are gone or dead and it's only you and me and my father's old friend. Us, the ignored politically, suddenly with all the power. I am the new king, Gold, me...a fourth born son. Natrok Gret, King of Kujra. But alas, a king needs a queen. Not a mother queen like your perverse brother seemed to enjoy exhibiting to the kingdom with, a real queen, a wise queen, a wife. A Kujrakun Queen would be ideal, you know how people are with idiotic loyalties." He paused and it sounded like he was licking his lips, "You know you look a lot like Casia, in build and features too. The same colored eyes, same nose, same lips. We could give you breasts Gold. We could get rid of those things between your legs that you never use. What I'm saying my lovely princess is, will you marry me?"

Gold took an entire minute to absorb what happened. "You mean to cut if off then?"

"No. We can give you the female organs. I told you I don't mate with men."

"This seems like horse shit Gret."

The pause indicated that the Gret wasn't happy. "I'll give you two days to decide Gold, be my golden queen or live in the same filth you've always endured. Guards! Come back, show my good friend Gold here the meaning of perspective. He likes it rough, so don't hold back like you did earlier"

Gold was raped for an additional two days before he agreed to be queen. When he saw light again there was a hooded man in a purple robe standing in front of him. Gold was completely naked bound to a chair while the hooded man stared at him muttering words under his breath.

"Make him look like Casia. Maybe a slight bit more voluptuous, not enough to rouse any suspicion thought. Make sure her cunt is tight. Hair color is the same auburn as her, make sure it's longer though," Natrok was ordering the purple robed man, "If it's not identical don't expect to get as many soldiers out of me."

The hooded man in purple didn't seem to notice anything Natrok said. He muttered some words under his breath before approaching Gold, a sleeve of his robe raised but arm inside it. Gold felt a warm hand touch his forehead and the entire room disappeared and turned to darkness. In the distance a flame was growing, soon Gold realized it was no flame but a beast on fire. A massive nine foot demon was approaching him, two massive curved horns extending from his skull. His body was huge and muscular, with flames erupting erratically from him only to burn and extinguish moments later. The demon was limping, slow and weakened it looked, but still terrifying. 

It walked to a bound Gold and lay his burning hot hand onto Gold's crotch. Gold felt a burning sensation, then a finger burning through his flesh deep inside him. The demon grunted and released a screaming Gold. The demon then grabbed at Gold's nipples, pulling with force and flame while Gold's eyes filled with tears. The demon, panting and exhausted, raised a massive dark flaming cock from his crotch. Gold hadn't noticed it earlier thinking it was his leg, but it was the biggest cock he had ever seen. Veined and the color of charred flesh, the cock was longer than Gold's entire height. The demon raised the cock to his face and began ejaculating. Gold saw the thick cum an instant before it hit his face, covering his face in sticky spunk. More cum erupted from the cock, covering his eyes and eventually his entire body. The demon fell to his knees and collapsed after emptying his load.

 Gold blinked and was in another room. This one was luxurious and familiar. Lione's room.

"My beautiful Casia, you're awake," Natrok exclaimed excitedly.

Gold took in his situation. He was wearing a dress, a fine one by the feel of it, white silk, light. It only half covered his torso, to his shock while looking down, he had breasts. They were C cups, one of them displayed vulgarly. Supple and perky, with brown nipples. Gold reached for his crotch only to feel the absent cock and balls. He lifted his dress to Natrok's chuckles, underneath was definitely a vagina. He ran his hand through his hair to find out it was longer and softer than before. He got up and ran to the nearest mirror to examine his reflection. He was face to face with Casia, she was face to face with Casia.

Natrok walked up to her and held her close, his hands burrowing into her ass. His face was a handsome one, and he leaned in and kissed her new lips. It was a passionate kiss, later involving his tongue as he pulled her in. She could feel his bulge rubbing against her clit. "We shall marry tomorrow Casia. We shall show the kingdom the new true king and his beautiful queen, and we shall make love for them all to see."

He reached in between her legs and rubbed Gold's crotch. "You're wet I see, I'm glad to see you're willing."

For the first time in a long time, Gold felt genuine hope. Hope for something more, something better. "Always for you, my great king of Kujra," Gold whispered as tantalizing as possible in Casia's voice, then she reached for Natrok's face and kissed him deeply.

*************************

I had initially planned this as a 3 part chapter serving as filler/intermission for chapter 6 and onwards. The first part included Gold but no transformation, a bisexual elf couple, and Casia. The chapter felt weak and had very little sex so I made it a Gold centric chapter, despite it not including the wedding. The next chapter (6-9) will include a elf centered one, a futanari chapter, Casia, and probably another Gold chapter. Thanks for reading.