 It was just another Friday night in the city. A night for going out and having a good time. A night to see and be seen, to check out others and be checked out by them. A night to hunt and be hunted, and on this particular night there was more than one kind of hunt going on.

There was more than one type of hunter as well.

He moved slowly through the crowd, his gaze roving over the various people in the nightclub. He knew what he liked, knew what he wanted and knew that he would find what he was looking for here. He smiled a predatory smile as he looked over the men and women dancing to the heavy bass rhythms blasting from the nightclub's speakers. 

His name was Michael and he was a vampire.

He was rather large for a vampire, standing 6 and a half feet tall and built like a professional football player. With his long, black hair pulled back in a ponytail and his rugged good looks, Michael never had trouble locating prey. It was locating the right prey that was the difficult part. While he could take the blood of any human, he preferred the taste of blood from a certain kind of person.

After prowling through most of the club, Michael finally found the one he was looking for. She was young, in her early to mid 20s and reasonably attractive, with dark brown hair, blue eyes and curvy body. She was also alone and most importantly, unpolluted by drugs or alcohol. To a vampire, her blood would be sweeter than wine...and Michael had a sweet tooth.

She looked up at him as he walked up to her and Michael used his vampiric powers to charm her instantly, taking over her mind. She quietly stood and placed her hand in his and he led her through the crowd and out into the alley behind the nightclub. His smile grew even more predatory as he thought of the pleasure ahead.

It was time to fuck and then time to feed.

Keeping his senses heightened so they wouldn't be surprised by anyone, Michael looked into the young woman's eyes and mentally gave her another command. She smiled and dropped to her knees, unzipping his jeans and releasing his already hard and swollen cock. With the vampire's compulsion filling her mind, she was no longer a rather prim and proper young woman. She was now a lust-filled slut.

"Mmmmmm my my, what a nice big cock you have."

She looked up at him and smiled, then wrapped her lips around his shaft and hungrily began sucking on it.

Michael groaned with pleasure, running his fingers through her hair and thrusting his hips back and forth as he fucked her warm, wet mouth. 

"Ahhhh yeah, that's it. Suck that cock you hungry slut."

He watched her soft lips slide up and down the length of his throbbing cock, feeling her warm, wet tongue swirling around the head as she bobbed up and down on it. Even in undeath, there was nothing quite like the feel of a woman's mouth wrapped around a man's cock, he thought to himself with a smile. It felt almost as good as having one's cock buried inside a woman. He grinned to himself, knowing that was coming up next.

With a soft groan, Michael slid his cock from between the woman's lips, then stood her up and spun her around, pressing her hands against the wall. He reached around her and unfastened her pants, then slid them and her panties down to her ankles. Eyes glittering with hunger, he quickly stood back up and moved up behind her, sliding his throbbing cock deep inside her hot, slick pussy with one easy thrust.

"Ohhhhh godddd...ahhhh fill me with that hard cock!!"

The woman moaned with pleasure, her mind vacant except for the desire placed there by Michael's compulsion charm. She panted and groaned, thrusting her hips back against him as he fucked her hard and deep, the tight walls of her pussy milking and squeezing his cock. 

"Mmmmmmm yesssss, fuck me harder!"

Michael leaned her back against him, his hands sliding under her shirt to massage and squeeze her firm tits, his fingertips rolling and pinching her rock hard nipples. He had loved playing with a woman's breasts while he was alive and still enjoyed it as a vampire.

The pretty girl gasped and moaned as his hard cock plunged in and out of her soaking wet hole. Michael grinned as he fucked her harder and faster, reveling in his power as one of the undead to take a cute little thing like this and turn her into a mindless slut for his pleasure.

He could feel her body tensing, knowing that she was nearing orgasm. His fangs began to lengthen in his mouth as he began to anticipate the taste of her blood, the flavor sweetened and more potent from her impending climax. The blood of someone who has recently orgasmed was always so delicious.

He closed his eyes and savored the exquisite pleasure as his own climax neared, his breathing quickening as the sensations built.

Michael didn't realize they were no longer alone.

A silent shadow had slowly eased its way down the alley, closing in on the vampire and his intended prey as they continued to fuck, their heavy breathing and groaning masking the intruder's presence. It had drawn closer and closer, then waited for them to finish. It bided its time, knowing that the proper opportunity would present itself.

Vampires were so predictable after all.

Michael gasped and groaned, feeling his climax building. He sent the young woman another mental compulsion and she came hard, moaning in ecstasy as her tight walls squeezed his aching cock. With an animalistic growl, Michael buried his cock inside her spasming cunt and flooded her with his hot cum.

Breathing deeply, he gave the woman one more mental command as he slid his cock out of her. She turned around and dropped to her knees, then slowly licked his cock clean of their combined fluids. Michael smiled and looked down at her, his fangs bared as he prepared to have her rise. It was time to feed and feast on her orgasm sweetened blood.

He had just enough time to register an unknown sound before he died, even his vampiric speed not quick enough to save him.

The sound of the crossbow firing was barely a whisper of sound as the hyper fast bolt blasted through Michael's chest, piercing his dark heart. The vampire collapsed, his body turning to ash even before he hit the ground, fortunately for the young woman kneeling before him. Instead of 250 pounds of dead male landing on her, she was only lightly coated with light grey ash.

The young woman blinked as the vampire's compulsion lifted from her mind, then began looking around fearfully as she quickly stood and tried to pull up her pants, wondering what exactly just happened. Then she heard a voice from the shadows.

"You're safe now. The vampire is dead."

Then a form moved closer to the kneeling woman, revealing itself to be a tall, dark clad woman holding a powerful modern crossbow.

The young woman's eyes grew wide and she whispered "Vamp...vampire??? Who...who are you?"

"I am Elena. I'm a vampire hunter."

***

In another part of town, in a very wealthy neighborhood, there stood an elegant, colonial style house. The owner of the house stood before a large fireplace, staring vacantly into the flames. The figure stood silently in thought, then sighed in irritation, knowing that a problem had developed.

He had felt the demise of one of his minions, having a direct tie to every vampire he had ever created. He shook his head, partly in amusement and partly in irritation, as he had been aware of what Michael had been doing when he was killed.

The man quietly murmured, "So, Michael is dead. Poor fool shouldn't have been so wrapped up in what he was doing. Ah well."

He muttered in annoyance and then walked over to the window, staring out into the night. " So, it would appear there's a vampire hunter in town. I shall have to deal with them."