 October 27

I woke up in the late morning. I was still laying in a gooey mess, and the thick cum on my face and frontside had dried to a flaky frosting-like substance. The smell was an intoxicating aroma of testosterone and masculinity. The dark t-shirt I was wearing had a large stain around the neck and chest area, but there wasn't much I could do about it now. I had to go find that mule to get my supplies back.

I stepped out of the room, everything was quiet. No one seemed to be home. "Hello?" I called out.

The daughter stepped out of her room.

"Oh, you're up. Ephine told me to help you look for your...remind me, what is it called?"

"Oh, my mule. Yeah. All my stuff is with it."

"Right, sorry, we don't have that animal here." She looked at my shirt and face and smiled. I turned a shade of red and quickly tried cleaning my face up.

"Heh, Khald said he had an accident. Looks like a big one. It happens. Makes mom so mad, she has to keep making new sheets for us."

Us? "Uhh, yeah. So his name is Khald? What's your name?"

"I'm Beller."

"Well Beller, your English is very good...much better than your father's."

"Thanks, probably since I spend a lot more time with Ephine than my family. She's taught me a lot about the outside, including other languages. Sorry I didn't talk much before."

"It's fine. Wait, I thought she said she was from the valley, a different village. How does she know about 'the outside'?" It felt weird referring to my world as 'the outside.'

"Yeah, she's from here, but she's ventured out a few times. It's her job to get sort of an update on the outside world, you know? It may not look like it but most of us are aware of your technology and your way of life. She's kind of our...liaison...to the rest of the world."

"I see. So you choose to live like the Amish?" She looked perplexed. "Uhh, I mean like, without technology?"

"Yeah, we see no need for it. Ephine's tried explaining it to me, but we have strong, umm, shoot what's the name, immane? Imm..."

"Strong immune systems?"

"That's it. We don't get sick like you outsiders. We already have long, healthy lives, and we see no need to corrupt it."

"Uh huh." I stood there staring. It finally struck me how beautiful she was. She had on a large, baggy sleeveless shirt. Almost a spitting image of her mother. I wonder if...

"So, let's go look for your mule, outsider," she said in a teasing tone. I obliged.

We stepped outside, and I noticed that although the sun was already about 30 degrees above the horizon, it just recently rose over the mountains to the east. I have to get used to the shorter days, I thought.

"Last I saw, he ran that way," I said, motioning southeast. We hiked to a tall, nearby hilltop to get a vantage point. The immensity of the valley blew me away. Green hill after green hill rolled to the distant western horizon like waves on an ocean. I couldn't even see to the far side of the valley through the atmosphere. The mountains there looked to be well over 50 miles away.

"No way is the valley this big. I thought it was less than ten miles across!"

Beller squinted at me. "Well I'm not sure how far a mile is, but Ephine has said that distances are....different here. Longer."

"That's impossible."

"Well, whatever the case, we have to find that mule of yours." We slowly turned full circle, scanning the nearby hills for any sight of him. Nothing but green.

"Shit, where could he be?" I said, frustrated.

"Hmm. It does get hot at midday, maybe he's at the Tromb."

"The Tromb?"

"It's a river. Lots of animals go there for a drink and to swim. It's over there." She pointed to a distant patch of trees that were nestled between two hills.

For the next hour we walked in silence over the gentle terrain, until I mustered up the courage to ask what has been on my mind since last night.

"Beller, has Ephine told you anything about, um, how girls on the outside are...different than here?"

"Oh yes. She says your girls don't have dicks. Isn't that strange!?"

Her use of the word "dick" surprised me almost as much as her question. "Well, not to us it isn't...so everyone here has a...a dick?"

"Yep."

"But only the girls have...both parts? A dick and a vagina?"

"No, no. Everyone has a vagina, too." I was taken aback.

"Uhhh..."

"This is how it works: Boys have a dick and stones, and under the stones is the vagina. Kind of hard to see it, usually. Girls have the vagina and the dick, no stones."

I mulled over what she said for a while. I had so many questions. How did reproduction work? Could men get pregnant? What about the uterus? The implications of such a find, this would be a huge watershed moment not just in anthropology but in all of biology...

My head was swimming. A combination of the blasting heat of the sun and this knowledge bomb made me light headed and dizzy. We were thankfully just nearing the edge of the woods. I sat down at the first tree trunk I found.

"Sorry, give me a second."

"Oh, here," said Beller, and she grabbed from a low-hanging branch one of the purple fruits. I felt life surge back into me as I bit into it.

In between bites: "What do you call this? We don't have this on the outside."

"It's a plesh. We have a sacred connection to this fruit."

"Huh?"

"Well, I can't really explain it. But when we don't eat it for several days, we turn weak and depressed. This fruit is our lifeblood."

I didn't really understand, but was too engulfed in my feast to care. I looked up at Beller standing over me, seeing the profile of her breasts from below. How could tits be so perfectly shaped? She looked down and caught me staring. I shifted my gaze.

"I forgot to tell you something," she said. "We usually only wear clothes to keep warm." I nearly choked on my plesh. "Ephine says since boys and girls have different parts where you're from, you wear clothes all the time."

"Uh huh..."

She took a couple steps away from me. "Well, we have the same parts, mostly, so we don't hide from one another." She lowered her hands and lifted the bottom of her shirt up over her head, tossing it aside. Her toned calves and thick thighs led up to a large, firm pair of ass cheeks. As she turned toward me her full, round breasts bobbed slightly, her pink nipples pointing outward and slightly up. Below them, her flaccid penis, glans exposed, hung lazily between her legs. As I stared, she reached up and grabbed a plesh for herself from a branch, then sat next to me on the grass, Indian style.

"Mmm," she hummed as she chewed her first bite. I was finished with mine by now and was practically staring at her as she ate. Her cock began to rise off the grass, and got caught on her ankle. She opened her legs up, letting herself spring up and fill out, then recrossed her legs. "The pleshes have this effect on us," she said matter-of-factly. Her cockhead, which was long and pinkish-red, was soon happily resting between the bottom of her tits as she continued eating. She was definitely longer than me, but not as thick.

Without thinking, I asked, "Do you, uh, ejaculate?" She looked at me, puzzled. "Cum, do you cum like men do?"

She smiled, finally understanding the question. "See for yourself."

Our eyes locked for a second. How the hell could I say no to something so beautiful? I scooted over to her as she laid down. I moved between her legs, which she then opened up. My tongue ran over her engorged pussy lips like I was licking ice cream. I tasted her salty sweat, then began licking her pussy, splitting her folds open with my tongue. Her juices were warm, inviting, and surprisingly sweet. Above the vagina there was no clitoris or urethra to be seen like on a woman, just her throbbing cock pointing up at her tits. I put a finger into her pussy, and she instantly gushed over my hand, grunting involuntarily. Turning my finger upwards, I felt the small rough patch I was looking for. She moaned loudly just as her snatch spat out some more slippery fluid. I took my juiced up hand and began stroking her girlcock with her pussy lube, then used my other hand to knead on her big tits. 

After a minute of stroking, I began pinching her nipple firmly and pleasured the underside of her cock with my tongue. She let out a squeal, bucking her hips, as her pussy squirted onto my leg. Not a second later, her cock let out a thin stream of clear fluid, followed by another, hitting her right breast and face. I directed her cock to my mouth, as the next convulsion nearly filled my mouth with the warm fluid. I gulped to swallow some of it, and noticed how similar to plesh it tasted. I ran her cock head over my lips and cheeks as she continued coming. I don't know why but I wanted it all over. Her slippery cock escaped my hand and went splat against her stomach, where she continued squirting her clear cum between her tits. I grabbed her hips and pulled her toward me, burying my face into her sopping wet, squirting pussy until her orgasm finally subsided.

She lay on the ground panting in exhaustion as I cleaned her tits with my mouth, savoring the sweet fluid. "That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," I said once I finished.

She laughed. "It felt...so good...But now I need water. Bad. The Tromb is just down this hill."

We walked down the forested decline, her naked and holding her shirt in hand, with me still dressed in my cum covered clothes. It felt good in the shade of the canopy. Eventually the trees opened up, and there was a small flat clearing with a wide, lazy river slowly flowing on the other side.

"Here it is."

"Look!" I exclaimed. A few hundred yards upstream I saw my mule drinking from the riverbed.

She barely acknowledged how lucky we were to have found my mule so quickly. She walked with a brisk pace to the river and waded in. Her swaying hips were enthralling, and all too soon disappeared below the water.

She cupped the cool water in her hands, drinking fervently, as I went to retrieve my mule.