 Elena roared down the road on her Hayabusa, pushing the motorcycle as much as she dared on the city streets, her eyes hardly leaving the figure high in the sky above her. She knew deep inside that this was the master vampire. That this was the undead monster who had sent the vampire twins to kill her friends. She raged and swore inside that she would do everything she could to kill him.

She had no idea that the vampire was manipulating her emotional state.

Marco flew above the city streets, slowly leading Elena back to his mansion. He kept part of his focus on his flying, but the rest of his attention was focused on the vampiric blood he had slowly been feeding her over the last several days in her wine. Because he was an ancient vampire, his blood was incredibly powerful. Since Elena had ingested it several times over the last week, it gave him a level of power over her body. While her mind was still safe from his direct compulsions, something that still surprised him whenever he thought about it, he could manipulate her body, and to a lesser extent, her emotions.

Since emotions trigger certain chemical changes in the body, Marco could manipulate the body to secrete more of those chemicals, and thus elevate the emotional state somewhat. With Elena's grief and rage dominating her mental and emotional state, her body was already releasing those chemicals associated with such states, and so Marco was elevating the levels even more than they would've been otherwise. He wanted her completely focused on chasing him, and so far she showed no signs of giving up. He grinned evilly as he imagined the look on her face when she actually confronted him. 

She was in for a very rude shock.

He landed in front of his mansion and then strode through the front door, then walked to his chair by the fireplace and sat down, facing the door. He heard the screech of tires as Elena pulled up outside the house and smiled, a wicked and anticipatory smile.

The final act was about to begin.

----------------------------------------------------------

Elena got off her motorcycle and strode towards the door, her mind awhirl with nothing but thoughts of vengeance. A single tiny thought entered her mind that this was suicide or worse, but in her present state she brushed the thought aside and stormed through the door. Reaching into her jacket with both hands, she pulled a pair of sun grenades out and kept her fingers over the buttons. The instant she sighted the master vampire, she'd trigger them.

"Oh I don't think you'll be needing those." A deep, masculine voice said.

Her body froze, and to her amazement, she suddenly could not move. Her eyes tracked back and forth through the dark house as she looked for the owner of the voice.

"In fact, I think you need to just set them down." The voice said, sounding amused and smug.

To Elena's complete shock, she felt her body crouch down and her hands open, leaving the grenades lying on the floor. Her mind filled with fear as she complied with the vampire's commands. No vampire could do this to her!! What was happening?!! A light came on and she spotted a large, powerful looking man sitting in a chair by the fireplace. He had very dark, possibly black hair and was exceedingly handsome. She was filled with even greater fear when he stood up and smiled, his fangs visible in the light.

"Now that we've dispensed with those...unpleasant things, come here my dear."

Marco motioned towards her and she began walking towards him, her body under his control even as her mind screamed and struggled against it to no avail. She couldn't believe he was able to do this to her and yet, no matter how hard she tried to fight his control, it didn't matter. Her body kept walking towards him, as if she was no more than a passenger.

She stopped in front of him and he looked her up and down, then casually walked around her, almost as if he was inspecting her. "Mmmmmm you are indeed a lovely young woman my dear. I am so glad you decided to come to my humble home." He chuckled wickedly and then stopped. "Ah, but where are my manners? My apologies but I so rarely entertain these days."

He moved back around in front of her and gave her a slight bow. "My name is Marco...err hmmmm, now that I think of it, it's been so long that I no longer remember my last name." He shrugged and then looked into her fear filled eyes. "You see, you made a very big mistake coming to my city young one. You made a bigger mistake killing my minions. Anything to say for yourself? You can speak now."

Elena found that she could speak once again. "Give me back the use of my body and I'll kill you, you murdering undead bastard!"

Marco laughed softly, an evil sound. "My, my. Such spirit. Impressive indeed my dear. Totally useless to you, but impressive nonetheless."

He walked back to his chair and sat down, gazing at her. "I'm sure you are already aware that I'm going to drink your blood and put an end to you. However, I have more planned for you than just that. I don't normally speak to my prey, but you're a special case. You are also probably wondering how it is that I can control your body, yes?"

Marco proceeded to tell her of how he'd been manipulating her for the past week, putting his blood in her wine and slowly gaining more and more control over her body. She would have shuddered if she'd still had control of herself, the idea of a vampire's blood inside of her making her all but tremble with revulsion and rage. She listened as he told her how he'd used his power to help bring her here, how he'd killed her friends as part of his plan and how she had walked right into his trap, with a little help from him of course.

"Ah, but here is the best part my dear. You see, your nightmare is not about to end. Oh no, where would the fun in that be?" Marco laughed softly and stood, then walked up close to her and looked into her eyes.

"I am going to have sooooo much fun with you. I am going to make you do all kinds of things and you will be aware every moment. Unlike my normal prey, who are basically mindless fucktoys under my control, your mind will be your own for the whole ordeal. You'll get to experience everything I'm going to do to you. Doesn't that sound wonderful?" 

Marco laughed wickedly at the rage and terror in Elena's eyes, then went and sat back down. "First off, let's get a look at you shall we?" He noted the shock on her face as her body obeyed his mental commands, her hands reaching up to begin removing her clothes. She took off her jacket and tossed it aside, then removed her shirt, her boots and her pants. Marko made her stop, then got up and walked towards her, appreciating the curve of her full firm breasts behind her bra.

"Mmmm hmmmm, you are indeed beautiful my dear." He said, admiring her long legs and shapely ass as he walked around her. He grinned and ran his fingertips down her back, then caressed and squeezed her ass, knowing she utterly loathed every minute of it. He then moved his hand up and undid the back of her bra, letting it fall to the floor.

Moving back around in front of her, he kept his eyes on her face as he moved his hands to her breasts, his fingertips rolling and pinching her nipples. He saw her surprise as her nipples hardened under his touch and he whispered "Guess what else I make your body do?" Elena's eyes widened further as she felt her pussy grow damp and her breathing quicken. 

Marco nodded "Yes, that's right. I can make your body physically respond. So not only am I going to thoroughly ravish your body, but you are going to physically enjoy every minute of it!" He laughed wickedly and then strolled towards his bedroom, Elena unwillingly following along behind him.

---------------------------------------------------------

Elena could barely think as she woodenly walked along behind the master vampire. Not only had he put his foul blood in her body, but he was now using it to control her!! She was completely at his mercy, and based on his comments, she was not just totally fucked...she was about to BE totally fucked. Of all the evil undead she had encountered over the last several years, this guy totally blew away the competition.

She wished she could blast a crossbow bolt through his chest, but wishing wasn't going to solve anything. She couldn't believe she'd been so stupid as to just brazenly waltz into this guy's house. He may have manipulated her into doing it, a thought that thoroughly pissed her off, yet she was the one who followed him in here.

"Way to go dumbass. You're about to be a vampire's fucktoy." She thought morbidly. Not exactly what she'd had in mind.

Elena may not have control over her body, but her mind was still hers and she tried to calm her thoughts and wait for any chance, no matter how slight, to escape this monster. Her eyes glanced around the room, taking in the opulent furnishings as she hoped to spot something she might be able to use as a weapon or anything that might give her a chance at escape.

Almost as if he'd read her thoughts, Marco waved a hand and the door shut behind them. He smiled and walked over to the massive four poster bed and sat down, then looked at Elena and had her walk towards him.

"I know you are hoping you'll get an opportunity to escape, but you should know that's not going to happen. My control over your body is unbreakable and there is no escape for you. Time to get this little party started don't you think?"

Marco made his clothes vanish with a thought, smirking as Elena's eyes widened at such a display. He watched her eyes widen even more as she caught a glance of his large cock. Utilizing his power, he brought her close to him and forced her to her knees, reveling in his power over her and the look of disgust in her eyes as his cock stood at attention before her.

"Guess what you get to do first?" He taunted.

Elena tried to shut her eyes as she could feel her body moving closer to his, but his power kept them open. She could feel her body kneel, then her head lean forward, forced to watch as his cock grew closer to her face. She raged inside as she felt her mouth open, then felt the hard throbbing cock slide between her lips. Praying to any God that was listening, she tried not to go completely crazy as she began sucking his throbbing pole. Her rage grew even more as she felt her nipples harden and her pussy grow moist as she continued sucking him off.

"Mmmmmmm, such a sweet mouth you have Elena."

Marco grinned down at her, enjoying the powerless rage in her eyes as her lips slid up and down the length of his throbbing shaft. He thrust his hips back and forth, fucking her warm, wet mouth, his power making her tongue swirl around the head of his cock before taking it deep inside her mouth once again as she bobbed her head up and down.

He savored the pleasure of her mouth for several minutes, then slid his cock out of her mouth and made her stand, then lie down on her back on the bed. He moved between her spread legs and then, to her great surprise, dipped his head and began licking her pussy, his tongue thrusting deep inside her. Marco had another torment for her, a last torment that she would only find out about at the end. 

He nibbled and sucked on her clit, using his power to drive her pleasure higher as he thrust two fingers in and out of her hot, slick cunt. He reached one hand up to play with one breast and then the other, pinching and pulling on her rock hard nipples. Elena tried to hold on to her rage and disgust, but the pleasure flooding her body was very hard to ignore. She couldn't stifle the moans that broke from her lips as Marco licked and sucked on her soaking wet pussy.

He gave her slit one last slow lick, then moved on top of her and slid his cock deep inside her cunt with one smooth stroke, his hard thick length filling her completely. He groaned with pleasure and began fucking her with slow, deep strokes, using his power to continually drive her pleasure higher and higher. Elena gasped and moaned beneath him, trying to keep focused on her rage and unwilling to admit she'd never been fucked so well in her life. She'd never had such a large cock inside of her before, feeling the tight walls of her cunt stretched wide to accommodate him. 

Marco inwardly smiled as he heard her moan, noting the flush of her skin and the quickening of her breathing. He fucked her harder and faster, driving her ruthlessly towards her first climax of the evening. He planned on making her orgasm several times before he finished her off. Her blood would be powerful and intoxicating in its potency. He was looking forward to it. He plunged his cock in and out of her pussy, his balls slapping against her ass as he fucked her.

Elena couldn't help but cry out in ecstasy as she came hard, her body shuddering as she orgasmed. She could barely think, her anger and grief and terror all but buried beneath the flood of pleasure coursing through her body. Marco didn't give her any time to focus or recover either. He rolled her body over onto all fours, moved up behind her and thrust his cock back inside her soaking wet pussy once again.

She moaned loudly as she was stuffed full of cock once again, Marco's big hands squeezing the firm cheeks of her gorgeous ass as he thrust her back against him again and again. He pumped his cock in and out of her with a smooth, steady rhythm, leaning her back against his chest as he slid his hands up to cup and squeeze her magnificent tits. He kept his power working on her body, building her pleasure up again quickly, knowing it would weaken her focus even as it built up the potency of her blood.

He fucked her hard and deep, enjoying the sound of his body slapping against hers as he buried his hard, throbbing length completely inside of her with each thrust. He could feel the tight walls of her cunt milk and squeeze his cock with each stroke and grinned behind her, knowing she wouldn't even realize he wasn't making her do that. Her own body was betraying her now.

Marco thrust in and out of her tight wet hole over and over again, feeling her body tensing as he built her second orgasm up. He savored the sound of her moans as she climaxed once again, the tight walls of her cunt gripping his swollen cock like a vise. Wanting to revel in his power over her some more, he slid out of her and moved her onto her knees.

He smiled evilly into her eyes as he slid his cock, still slick with her own juices, into her mouth and made her suck his cock hard and fast. he kept his eyes locked with hers as he came, his cock pulsing between her lips as his hot, thick cum flowed down her throat. Using his power over her, he made her swallow every drop, even making her use her tongue to lick his cock clean. He could see her anger flare in her eyes, but it was much weaker than before.

Good.

Marco dipped his head close to hers and softly said "That was just round one. We're not done yet." He laughed wickedly as he saw her eyes dull with resignation, knowing she was almost broken now. Soon enough, he would end it but not yet.

He kept his cock inside her mouth, making her suck on it as he rapidly grew hard again. One of the nice things about being a vampire was not having to wait awhile before engaging in more sex. He ran his fingers through Elena's hair as he watched her lips sliding up and down his cock, thinking that was something he would always enjoy watching, even a thousand years from now. It never got old.

Elena could barely think at this point, her body quivering from her orgasms and her will all but gone. Marco hadn't been kidding when he said he would use her and use her tonight. She could never recall a time she had been so thoroughly well fucked...and he wasn't done yet! She tried to keep her mind focused on being able to escape, but knew it was probably hopeless at this point.

She was still trying to focus somewhat when she suddenly found herself back on all fours and felt that big, hard cock bury itself inside her aching cunt once again. She moaned loudly and arched her back, completely oblivious that she did so, her hips moving of their own volition as she thrust back against Marco, her mind and body once again awash with pleasure.

Marco gripped and squeezed her firm ass as she moved back and forth, noting that she was actually the one who was moving now. He kept her pleasure dialed up so that she wouldn't be aware of anything else now but the ecstacy she was feeling. He continued to fuck her with hard, deep strokes, groaning himself as the tight walls of her pussy squeezed and stroked his cock with each thrust. 

One more last degradation and it would be time.

He slid his cock out of her pussy and she moaned, almost in objection. He rubbed a finger against her wet slit and then rubbed the moisture against her asshole. Taking control of her body one more time, he slowly slid his cock inside her ass, keeping her relaxed as she accepted his hard length. He then slowly began thrusting in and out of her tight backdoor, building her pleasure one more time.

Elena was unaware of anything at all at this point, mind almost completely numb to anything but the pleasure burning in her body. She had never had a cock in her ass before and the pleasure was mind blowing. She gasped and moaned, her hips instinctively thrusting back against Marco as she took his cock deep inside her ass again and again.

"Aaahhhh God...ahhh mmmmmmmmmm" she moaned and cried out.

Marco fucked her tight ass harder and faster now, feeling her body tensing as she neared her third and ultimately final orgasm of the night. He could feel his cock swelling as his own climax neared, thrusting into her harder and faster as the pleasure built higher. He leaned her back against his broad chest and said "Cum you slut!"

Elena cried out in ecstasy and came hard. "Aaaaahhhhhhh fuuuuccckkkkkkkk"

Marco buried his cock in her ass and exploded inside her, filling her once again with his cum. He held her quivering body back against his for a moment, catching his breath and letting her own pleasure come down a bit. He then chuckled wickedly and whispered in her ear.

"You should know that you were moving your body yourself for the last several minutes. Let that be the last thought you have." He then buried his fangs in her neck and drank deep, loving the rush of her sex charged blood.

Elena had just a split second to realize what he had made her do and screamed "Nooooooooooo!!!!!!", her voice slowly trailing away as her life drained out of her and into Marco. A dreamy lassitude swept over her and her last thought before her life ended was that she had never thought it would end like this.

----------------------------------------------------------

The following night, Marco stood beside a bed, looking down at its sleeping occupant. He smiled to himself, noting the lovely alabaster skin of a former vampire hunter. He silently watched as her eyes fluttered open and she looked around and then at him.

"Good evening my dear. How do you feel?"

He watched Elena stretch and then slowly stand. She stood silently in thought for a moment and then turned to face him. He watched as she slowly smiled, her new fangs gleaming in the light.

"I feel hungry...Master."

Marco smiled inwardly, noting the slight pause. He knew she would always have at least some minor resistance to him, thanks to her previous invulnerability to his compulsions, but that was fine. He looked forward to her testing her will against his. Her resistance would wane in time and she would serve him devotedly in the end. That was a compulsion even she couldn't resist. So he would win in the end. He always did.

"Understandable. We'll take care of that shortly. Before we do though, is there anyone else out there who knows what you once were?"

Elena thought for a moment and then nodded. "Yes, there is one person who knows. I rescued her that first night."
