 The following evening, Elena moved into a hiding spot near the nightclub before the sun went down, muttering quietly at her stupidity and hoping she wasn't going to be lured into an even worse trap. She wouldn't put it past the leader of the vampires to set another trap for her so quickly, simply because she'd made kills here two nights in a row. The guys had tried to talk her out of it, but she couldn't run the risk of an innocent winding up dead at the hands of the vamps because she wasn't there to try and stop them.

"Ugh, why do I have to have a conscience that won't shut up?" She idly wondered with grim amusement. "Might as well just put a sign on my forehead that says 'Please come kill me.' Elena, you are suuuuch an idiot."

She was armed to the teeth tonight, carrying several of Max's new stun grenades, as well as a full quiver of bolts for her crossbow. As soon as the sun went down, Elena quickly went to work, scanning the area repeatedly with her special thermal sight. As the crowds started arriving and heading into the club, she paid close attention to everyone going inside, but spotted no vampires. She also didn't spot any on the sidewalks or anywhere else in the vicinity. She had watched for nearly two hours and had yet to spot a single vamp.

"Hmmmmm, wonder if the boss is keeping the kids home tonight." 

She pondered the thought and then mentally shrugged. She'd keep watch for a few more hours and see what happened. She went back to her watch, but couldn't shrug off the feeling that something wasn't right. This was the hottest club in town and male vamps were such egotists that they'd intentionally hunt here, regardless of whether or not a hunter was around. 

If she'd been able to see high above her, she would've been even more worried.

-----------------------------

As darkness fell, Marco, the Master vampire, rose and began to consider how best to set his plans into motion. He wanted to have some fun with this woman who had dared to challenge his dominion of this city and who had already killed 3 of his minions. He knew he couldn't use compulsion on her and he couldn't even sense her if she wasn't visible to his sight. He would just have to be more clever than normal, but she would be his in the end. Of that, he had no doubt.

He checked on the twins, Emily and Amy, and saw that they had just risen as well. He smiled in pure male appreciation as he watched them languidly stretch, their naked bodies looking even better now in undeath than they had in life. His eyes roved over their full, firm tits with their hard nipples, then over their lovely faces, pale in the light. They could've been a pair of marble statues come to life.

"Well my lovelies, how do you feel tonight?"

They turned and saw him, then hop of the bed where they had lain. "We feel hungry Master." said Amy.

"Of course, that is normal." He replied. "I must go out for a short while, but when I return we shall all feed well. Stay in the house and wait for my return."

The two women smiled, their new fangs gleaming in the light. "Hurry back Master."

Marco smiled and nodded, then headed towards the door. Walking out into the night, he breathed in, his senses checking the air and his surroundings for any potential threats. He had been alive so long that he did this without even consciously thinking about it. It was as subconscious as breathing. He took to the air and headed towards the nightclub, knowing that the hunter would be there. She had already moved in to save two innocents and would not risk missing the chance to save another. He would be very surprised if she wasn't already watching the place.

He circled high above the nightclub area, his enhanced vision searching every dark nook and potential hiding place for his future prey. Knowing that he couldn't detect her unless she was physically visible made this a much more difficult task than normal, and while he would never willingly admit it to anyone, he couldn't help but feel a certain admiration for this young woman. She was certainly brave to go up against the undead and she had a lot of skill for one of her years.

"Not that any of that will save her from me." He thought wickedly.

He had almost given up looking when a flicker of movement caught his eye. Marco focused his gaze on a shadowed doorway and could just see a foot that wasn't completely hidden in shadow. If she hadn't shifted position, he never would've known she was there. Knowing he had guessed correctly, Marco knew that she'd be here awhile, waiting in vain for vampires who wouldn't show up, as he had made sure none of his minions would frequent the place for the foreseeable future. He smiled to himself and then quickly flew east towards her home, where he would start the first phase of his plan.

-----------------------------

Silently entering the townhouse, he moved through the place, taking note of where her bedroom was with its large windows, and then moving back downstairs to the kitchen. Opening the refridgerator, he quickly glanced at the contents and found what he sought. Taking the bottle of wine, he moved to the counter and set it down, then removed the cork.

Making a small slit in one fingertip with a razor sharp fingernail from his other hand, he allowed several drops of his vampiric blood to fall into the bottle. Sealing the cut on his finger with a thought, he then replaced the cork in the bottle and slowly swirled the wine around inside it for a moment. Marco then replaced the bottle in the fridge where he had found it and then left.

The amount of his blood in the wine wouldn't be enough to control her, considering she was immune to compulsion he might not be able to control her regardless of how blood he put in it, but that wasn't his plan. This was a test and he would see what impact it would have on her soon enough. He took to the sky and headed back to his home. It was time to feed the twins and himself.

Circling the area near his home, Marco spotted his prey and quickly landed nearby. Two men and a woman were walking down the sidewalk, idly chatting as they strolled along. The vampire quickly sized them up, noting that all three appeared to be in their early 20s and were fit and attractive. Perfect for dining on. He strode up to them and before they could even say a word, his compulsions hit all three. They silently followed him back to his house and followed him inside.

-----------------------------

Marco strode into the room where he'd left the twins, the three unfortunate young people mindlessly following him. The twins were laying naked on the bed, but quickly hopped up when they saw who had entered the room. They came towards him, but slowed when they noticed the three people behind him.

"Master, are they for us?", asked Emily.

"Yes my dear. You may each have one of the men. The young lady will be mine."

The twins moved towards the two men, their fangs bared as their hunger rose quickly. They had almost reached their two hapless victims when their Master's voice froze them.

"Just a moment. You need instruction on the proper way to enjoy your prey."

They both looked at him quizzically, but he simply smiled. "My new pets, the blood of your prey is much sweeter and stronger if you sexually engage with them first. It heightens the potency and the flavor of the blood."

"So, we should fuck them and then drain them Master?" Amy asked.

Marco smiled evilly and nodded. "Precisely. Simply use your new compulsion powers on them and they will do whatever you wish."

The twins grinned and took control of the two poor, young men. Amy led her prey, a tall, dark haired man with a slender build to one side of the bed. Using her new mental dominance over him, she made him quickly strip and was pleased to see that he was reasonably well endowed. She laid back on the bed and the young man quickly knelt between her legs, his tongue thrusting into her pussy eagerly.

"Mmmmm yesssss, you do know how to use your tongue."

Emily already had her prey stripped and lying on the floor, a well built and well endowed black man with his cock already hard and throbbing as she hungrily sucked and slurped on him. The new vampire had the mindless young man completely at her mercy, his mind totally subervient to the compulsion she had placed on him. Her warm, soft lips slid up and down the length of his rigid cock and she could feel her pussy grow damp with desire as she imagined how good he would feel inside of her.

"Hehehe I'm gonna fuck you real good lover and then I'm gonna drink you dry."

Marco heard her and shook his head in amusement, thinking his new pets were taking to their new lives as vampires very quickly. Almost as if their old selves never existed. It sometimes happened that way, but not very often. He mentally shrugged and looked down at the lovely young woman on her knees before him, her ruby lips sliding slowly up and down the length of his cock as he ran his fingers through her red hair. Her eyes looked up at him dreamily, his compulsion having turned her into little more than a slut.

"Mmmmmmm you do that very well my dear. Must've had a fair amount of practice." 

He chuckled and thrust his hips back and forth, fucking her hungry mouth and enjoying the sight of his cock sliding back and forth between her lips. He listened to the sounds of sex coming from the women and the men, his eyes moving from Emily to Amy. Emily had mounted her well hung prey, moaning with delight as she bounced up and down on his powerful cock. Amy was bent over the bed, her face buried in the covers as her prey fucked her hard and fast.

Marco had the young woman stop and strip, his own clothing disappearing with a thought. He walked over to a chair and sat down, then had her sit on his lap, facing away from him. He groaned softly as his swollen cock filled her tight, slick cunt and then he was fucking her with firm, deep strokes. He slid his hands around her body and caressed and squeezed her beautiful breasts. He'd always been a tit man when he was alive and that hadn't changed in all the centuries since. She was easily a full C cup and her round, firm tits filled his hands. He rolled and pinched her rock hard nipples, listening to her sexy moans as she bounced up and down on his cock.

Emily slid off her partner's cock and moved onto all fours, her breasts swaying as she mentally commanded him to fuck her doggy style. She groaned with pleasure as his massive black cock buried itself back inside her slick, wet pussy once again, her tits swaying back and forth as she thrust hard back against him again and again.

"Aaaahhhh fuck yessss, fuck me with that pole!" she cried out as he rammed into her again and again.

Amy was moaning loudly too, having shifted positions as well. Her young man was lying on his back now, his hands on her hips as she slid up and down his cock. Her eyes were watching him intently as she could feel his body beginning to tense. Her own climax was almost upon her as well, so she thrust up and down on his throbbing cock harder and faster, wanting him to cum so she could finally feed as well.

"Yeahhhhh, ahhh fuck, cum damnit!!"

The young man groaned as his cock spasmed inside of her, her tight, slippery walls squeezing and milking him. Amy screamed with pleasure as she came as well, then dropped her head down to his neck, burying her fangs in his flesh as she began drinking his rich, sweet blood. She moaned with a different kind of ecstacy as she drained his life from him, feeling his heart stutter and then stop as she laid upon his chest. She licked her lips, her tongue gliding over the gleaming points of her fangs.

Emily felt her own hunger rising and thrust back against her prey hard, moaning as she climaxed, feeling her prey's swollen cock pulsing as he flooded her cunt with his hot, thick seed. She shuddered with pleasure as her orgasm faded, sighing softly as she slid off the young man's powerful cock.

"Well baby, that was fun and I'm gonna miss your cock, but a girl's gotta eat."

She wrapped her arms around his kneeling form and buried her fangs in his throat, drinking deeply as she fed. She was amazed at how powerful she felt after draining the man, his blood like the sweetest, most powerful wine she'd ever drank. She released the poor man's body and idly watched him slowly topple over, idly surprised that she felt nothing at having just killed someone. She mentally shrugged and looked over at her Master.

Marco fucked his prey hard and deep, feeling her body tensing as she neared orgasm. He loved this part the best of all, feeling the woman climax, feeling his cock pulsing inside of her as he filled her with his cum. Not only was sex even more enjoyable as the undead, who felt physical sensations even more acutely than when alive, but the powerful rush of the potent blood was almost like being flooded with pure power. He buried his fangs inside the sexy young woman as she climaxed, groaning his pleasure against her skin as he came deep inside of her, his throat working as he gulped down her succulent blood.

He sighed with pleasure, then lifted the dead woman's body off his lap and laid her on the floor. The twins both came over and knelt before him, taking turns as they bathed his cock clean with their warm, wet tongues. He stood and waited while they indulged themselves, then ran his fingers through their hair and made them stop.

"Mmmmm alright, that's enough pets. Now, it's time for me to show you how to remove the remains of your prey."

He had them quickly dress, then commanded them to each lift the body of the man they had killed. They looked at him in surprise, but he just motioned for them to do so. They looked at each other and then walked over to the dead men. Both were very surprised when they found they could easily lift the bodies. Marco chuckled at their shock and lifted the dead woman at his feet.

"You will find that you have many powers and abilities now my pets. We are going to fly next."

He almost laughed as they squealed with delight. They followed him out into the night and he coached them on how to simply focus on rising into the air and it would happen. They both almost fell out of the sky once or twice, but Marco was able to quickly correct them and the twins were able to figure it out relatively quickly. He led them across the sky, using his own superior powers to keep them hidden from any eyes that might see them. They carried their dead prey over the city and up into the mountains outside of town. 

Marco had them hover above the tops of the trees, then motioned towards one.

"Place the bodies in the branches where the sun will easily hit them. Once dawn breaks, their bodies will turn to ash and they will be gone."

The twins did as commanded, draping the dead mens' bodies over a couple of sturdy limbs and making sure they would be hit by the sun's morning rays. Marco draped the woman's body over another limb and then they rose into the air. He glanced over the twins' handiwork and nodded. The bodies would turn to ash with the dawn and there would be nothing left of their existence. After commanding the twins to return home, he headed back towards the city.

Dawn was not far off and he had one more stop to make before it came.

-----------------------------

Elena sighed in annoyance and decided to call it a night. She was cold, tired and thoroughly bored. Having spent the last several hours watching over the nightclub, with absolutely nothing to show for it, she didn't know whether to be thoroughly disgusted or boredly pleased that nothing had happened. No vamps had shown up. No innocent people had needed to be rescued. She'd had nights like this before, but they were rare. There were a lot more vampires out there than people could possibly imagine and a city this size would certainly be the home of more than a few.

"Sure as hell hope the boss didn't tell the kids to go hunting somewhere else." she thought grumpily. "I'll be mad as hell if they snatched somebody somewhere else."

She stopped at the warehouse and let Jake and Max know of her fruitless, boring evening and then headed home. Walking into the townhouse, she turned on the light, then went upstairs, took a shower and put her nightgown and robe on. She wandered back downstairs and opened the fridge, then grabbed some leftover chicken salad and the half empty bottle of white wine.

As she sat and ate, she idly pondered the evening's lack of vamp sightings and made a mental note to check the papers tomorrow afternoon to see if any missing persons were reported in other parts of town. She polished off the rest of the wine and left the bottle on the counter so she'd remember to dump it in the recycling bin outside tomorrow. Elena went back upstairs, hung up her robe and crawled into bed.

She closed her eyes and waited to drift off to sleep, idly wondering about how one vampire could bend others to his or her will. It would require a significantly more powerful vamp to control the kind she had killed in the last couple of days. Probably older, stronger and definitely more dangerous. 

She would have to be very, very careful from here on out.

-----------------------------

Marco drifted down out of the sky and hovered outside Elena's window. He could see her sleeping form under the covers and so he turned and moved silently into the townhouse. He moved into the kitchen and saw the empty wine bottle sitting on the counter. Interested to see what would happen, he went back outside and hovered outside her window once again. Focusing his mind and his power on the sleeping hunter, he waited to see what impact he had on Elena.

Nothing happened at first, the sleeping woman remaining motionless in her bed. After a moment or two though, Marco noticed her body shift slightly and then shift again. He continued to focus his power on Elena's sleeping body and was pleased when she shifted again, unconsciously throwing the cover and sheet off of her, as if she was too warm. He smiled a wicked, triumphant smile when he saw one hand reach up and caress one of her full breasts beneath her nightgown.

His goal had been to see if he could use the power of his blood to begin to manipulate her body and his plan had borne fruit. In this case, he had simply tried to arouse her body enough for her to feel it, and she had. Granted, it had taken a lot of effort to manipulate her body even to the small degree he had, but Marco was confident that he could begin to impact her mind and her will through her body. 

It would just take time and a little more blood. He would return.