 "Ok, let me get this straight. That guy was a vampire and you're a vampire hunter???"

The young woman's voice quickly rose in pitch and volume as she struggled to contain her hysteria. She had a vague memory of looking up at this guy and then the next thing she knows, she's on her knees with her pants and panties around her ankles and she can tell she's been thoroughly fucked, but she doesn't remember any of it.

"Take a deep breath or two and try to calm yourself. I will explain as best I can."

The young woman took a few deep breaths, forcing herself to relax and not run screaming down the alleyway. She sighed and looked at the woman again. What she saw was a tall, blond haired woman with light colored eyes, dressed in a black, form fitting bodysuit that emphasized her long legs and well-endowed chest.

She sighed deeply and said "Ok, so explain already."

The woman smiled slightly and said, "As I told you, my name is Elena. I hunt vampires. I'm hoping you'll agree that there are vampires since you were just mentally controlled into having sex with one and you saw what was left of his body after I shot him."

The woman shuddered and nodded. "Can't argue with that, as much as I wish I could."

Elena nodded in understanding. "I don't blame you there. I wish they didn't exist either, but they do. What's your name?"

"My name is Marcie. How did you know he was a vampire?"

Selene smiled and took a small cylindrical device from her pocket. "With this little guy right here. By looking through it, I can see whether or not a person is radiating any body heat. No body heat means it's a vampire. An associate of mine makes them for me, along with my other tools."

Marcie nodded and looked down at Elena's crossbow. "Did they make that for you too?"

"Yes, among other weapons specifically designed to kill vampires."

Marcie eyed her rescuer questioningly. "So, how exactly did you wind up becoming a vampire hunter anyway? And how'd you know they existed to begin with?"

Elena thought for a moment, then said "Let me give you a ride home so you can clean yourself up and then I'll tell you about it. My car's parked nearby."

...

Elena was relaxing in a recliner, checking her crossbow's mechanism when Marcie came out of the bathroom, wrapped up in a thick robe.

"How do you feel?" 

Marcie considered a moment, then shrugged. "I'm not sure it's really sunk in yet, but I think I'm alright. I know he had sex with me because I can physically feel it, but mentally and emotionally, it's like it happened to someone else. I don't remember it happening so it's hard to consider."

Elena nodded. "That may be a good thing, strange as that may sound. By not remembering it, you don't have the psychological trauma that usually goes with rape. You'll never remember it either by the way. Vampire compulsions always block a person's memory."

Marcie flopped down on her couch and sighed. "Well I suppose that's a good thing. So, out with it. How did you become a vampire hunter?"

Elena sighed and looked away, then quietly began to speak.

"I found out about vampires in a way even worse than you did. I was a senior in high school 15 years ago, just a kid looking forward to graduation, going to college and heading out into the world. It was just my mom and I, since my dad died from cancer when I was about 10. Fortunately, he had taken out a good sized insurance policy before his death, so mom and I were ok financially. We weren't rich, but we were ok."

Elena's face noticeably saddened as she went on.

"One night I had come home late from my job at the mall and I heard something from my mom's room. Something that definitely didn't sound right. It made me nervous, so I quietly walked down the hall towards my mother's room. I froze as I looked through the doorway. My mother was naked, sitting on a man's lap as she faced him. I could see his cock was still thrust up inside of her. Her head was tipped back and I could see his fangs buried in the side of her neck."

Marcie shuddered at the thought, but didn't say a word as Elena continued.

"I must have gasped or made some kind of sound, because he looked up and saw me. He smiled at me and told me to come to him, but I didn't. I just stood there, frozen in terror. When I didn't come to him, he scowled and stood up, tossing my mother's body aside as if she was no more than a rag doll. He lunged towards me, moving so fast it's hard to even describe. His body slammed into mine and I thought I was going to die."

Elena's voice trailed off for a moment, and then she smiled faintly and looked at Marcie. 

"Would you believe a pencil saved my life?"

Marcie looked at her in surprise. "A pencil??? Seriously, a pencil??"

Elena smiled in amusement and nodded, then continued her story.

"When I first got home, I started to write down some stuff that I needed to remember to take to school. When I heard the noise from my mother's room, I forgot to set the pencil down and just carried it with me. When the vampire slammed into me, the force of it drove the tip of the pencil through his chest and into his heart. It was enough to kill him and he turned to ash just like the one in the alley did."

Marcie smiled. "So, the pencil saved the day huh? What happened to your mother?"

Elena sighed. "She was dead by the time I got to her. It looked like the vampire had almost drained her completely by the time I interrupted them."

"I'm so sorry for your loss." Marcie said. "So what did you do then?"

Elena's eyes darkened. "I cleaned up her body as best I could and then called 2 guys who are my best friends. They came over and I told them what happened. Fortunately, they believed me and they helped me load up her body. We took her body outside of town and waited for sunrise."

At Marcie's questioning look, she grimly smiled. 

"I wanted to make sure she was really dead and wouldn't come back. When the sun came up and the light touched her body, she burst into flames and her body disintegrated. That sealed it for the guys. They knew now for sure that vampires were real, just as I did. The three of us decided we needed to do something, so we started hunting them."

"Just like that?" Marcie asked.

"Well, no, not at first. We knew we had to do something, but we were all still in high school and there were a lot of loose ends to tie up. I filed a missing persons report on my mother with the police and eventually the bank ruled her as dead or permanently missing and gave me the rest of dad's insurance money. With that, we started investing money here and there to fund our operation. Jake's a wizard at finances and so we started building our incoming funds. Max is our weapons and techno geek, for lack of a better term. He's the one who made the crossbow and the body heat sight I use."

Marcie nodded. "And the rest is history?"

Elena laughed softly. "Something like that. We've killed dozens of them over the last decade or so, and have become pretty good at it. I had heard rumors that there were vampires in this city, so we moved here recently to hunt them."

Marcie looked thoughtful. "I wonder why that vampire didn't use mental compulsion on you, like the one in the alley did on me?"

"I wondered about that too, but have figured it out over the years." Selene smiled, a cold and predatory smile of her own. "I'm immune to their compulsions. They also can't sense my presence as long as I'm visually hidden from them. For some reason, I'm invisible to their senses."

"Wow, seriously?" Marcie stared in surprise. "That must be a big help."

"It is. It makes it easier to hunt them." 

...

Across town, another hunt was about to take place.

Two men stood side by side as a third man gave them their instructions.

"I want you both to go to the nightclub where Michael was killed tonight. I want one of you to bring a victim outside, while the other one keeps watch close by. When our hunter shows up, then the two of you will deal with them. Is that understood?"

Both men bowed slightly and said "Yes Sir." And then quickly left the house. They would go to ground and wait out the day, then move to do his bidding once night had fallen.

The third man smiled to himself and then walked into his bedroom and closed the door. Seated on his bed were two naked women. Both were blonde, petite and full chested, their breasts large and firm, with hard nipples and rosy areolas.

Both looked exactly alike and were, indeed, identical twins. That is what had sparked the man's interest in them initially. Now he had an even better use for them. He knew it was always wise to have a backup plan.

"Hello my sweets. Are you both ready to serve your Master?" He smiled as he said this, knowing, of course, what their answer would be. With their minds enslaved to his, there was only one possible answer.

"Oh yes Master." They replied in unison.

He quickly slid off his clothes and then moved towards the bed. Both young women knelt in front of him, then began taking turns sucking and slurping on his hard cock. He intently watched them both as they switched back and forth, enjoying the sight of their eager mouths swallowing his throbbing member over and over again.

"Mmmmmmm yes, just like that my dears. You both suck cock very, very well."

"Thank you Master" one said, while the other was busy bobbing her head up and down.

He smiled and nodded, then slid his cock out of the young woman's hot, wet mouth. He had the first one lay on her back on the bed, then commanded the second one to begin licking her sister's soaking wet pussy. Being the depraved Master vampire that he was, it always amused him to make his mindless victims engage in the most taboo debaucheries.

The vampire moved to the side of the bed, then thrust his cock back into the first girl's mouth, enjoying the feel of her soft lips sliding up and down the length of his throbbing shaft. Her moans of pleasure sent vibrations through his cock as her sister hungrily licked and slurped at her cunt.

He enjoyed this for a few moments, then slid his cock out of her mouth and walked down to the foot of the bed, moving up behind the other twin and burying his cock to the hilt inside her pussy, listening to her muffled moans against her sister's pussy as he fucked her hard and deep.

He had the twins switch places, indulging in his lusts for awhile as he made them lick each other to orgasm while he fucked them both once again, then had them both get up from the bed.

He moved onto the bed and then laid down on his back and then had one twin move her body above his face and had the other slowly slid down onto his hard thick cock, hearing her moaning deeply as he filled her tight, slippery pussy.

"Oooooh Master, your cock feels so good!"

"Aaaahhh yes Master, please lick my pussy some more!!"

He licked and sucked on the young woman's pussy, then nibbled and sucked on her swollen clit. He enjoyed her sweet taste and knew her blood would taste even sweeter once he was finished with them. He groaned as the other woman bounced up and down on his shaft, taking him completely inside her cunt with every thrust.

He had them switch positions and indulged his sexual appetite with each of them thoroughly, climaxing inside each of them once, but not allowing them to cum yet. He then sighed with pleasure and slid his cock out of one of them and then moved to the bed and sat down.

He had the first twin come sit on his lap, his cock sliding back inside of her hot, slick hole. With a quick mental command, he made her climax. As her hot, passionate moans filled the air, he buried his fangs into her neck and drained her dry. He then commanded the second twin to him and did the same to her.

Once both twins were drained, he cleaned their bodies and then laid them out on his bed and closed the blinds. The day would soon begin and then when night came, they would rise as new vampires, ready and eager to do his bidding.

If the two men he sent out to take care of the vampire hunter failed, then he would find a way to use these two lovely young sluts to eliminate the problem.