 Hidden away in the underground lab at the CDC, Dr. Mark Howard was working non-stop trying to understand a newly discovered mosquito borne virus. 

The files on his desk read: "SUBJECT'S DNA BEGAN CHANGING IMMEDIATELY AFTER RECEIVING THE VIRUS. IN JUST 24 HOURS, SUBJECT'S PENIS HAD FORMED INTO A FULLY FUNCTIONAL VAGINA."

Dr. Howard began examining some of the subject's altered DNA under his microscope, unaware that one of the lab's mosquitoes had escaped and found its way to a blood sample taken from the affected patient. 

The mosquito flew out of the lab through a nearby vent. 

--------

Butch Campbell put up his hard hat and vest for the day. 

The construction worker was looking forward to a night out with his co-workers for a few drinks to start the weekend. 

At the bar, Butch ordered his usual beer and sat next to his longtime friend, Brandon Brown. 

Butch and Brandon grew up together and graduated high school together. 

Neither one wanted to go to college so they decided to get jobs working construction. 

Butch downed his beer and asked Brandon, "You want another?"

Brandon said, "Sure man. But bring it outside. I'm going to stand out on the deck."

Butch grabbed their beers and met Brandon outside. 

"How are things with the wife?" asked Butch. 

"I don't know man. She's just not in the mood for any kind of sex anymore. I haven't had any pussy in weeks and my hand can only do so much." 

Butch said, "I know the feeling. My girl hasn't put out in a while either."

"Yeah but, you're not tied down," replied Brandon. "You can still afford to catch some tail on the side."

"Are you kidding me? I can't even look at any porn without her looking through my phone all the time," said Butch. 

Butch didn't notice a mosquito had landed on his hand until it was too late. 

"Damn! That fucker took a bite out of me!" Butch slapped the mosquito on his hand. 

Brandon told him, "You might want to go clean that up. A lot of mosquito borne shit going around anymore."

"Watch my beer, I'm going to wash my hands," said Butch as he began to walk off. 

"Yep!" Brandon yelled back. 

Butch lathered up the soap and washed away the suds. But he looked down and noticed the mosquito mark was swollen. More swollen than a normal mosquito bite. 

"Ooooh," said Butch as he clutched his stomach. 

"That last beer must have done me in."

He headed back out to the deck.

"Hey man. I'm going to head on home. I think I had a few too many." 

"Alright bud. Don't work that hand too much this weekend!" Brandon said as Butch grabbed his keys. 

"But it's my only company tonight!" said Butch as he walked towards his truck. 

----

Butch walked through his apartment door with a groan clenching his stomach.

Thinking that he could just sleep off the feeling in his stomach, he went to bed straight away. 

He opened his eyes and noticed it was dark out. 

"Damn, what time is it?" 

The 6ft 200lb muscular construction worker reached for his phone. 

"9 o'clock? That can't be. Feels like I've slept all day." 

Then Butch looked closer at his phone and noticed that it was the next day. 

"What? Must've been tired." 

Butch got out of bed to go take a piss, finding it odd that he couldn't feel his typical morning wood after waking up. He pushed it out of his mind thinking it's probably because he slept so long. 

Butch got to the toilet and pushed his boxers down. 

He tried to grab for his 8 inch cock to aim it at the toilet. 

But when he did, there was nothing there. 

"What?" 

Butch looked down, unknowing that his life had changed forever. 

"WHAT THE FUCK?"

The man fell back on his hairy ass and onto the bathroom floor. 

He looked down again hoping it wasn't true. 

There, where his 8 inch cock should have been was a perfectly formed pussy. Looking down, he saw a plump pair of lips and his new clitoris. 

Still in shock, Butch reached down to touch his new pussy, unsure of what else to do. 

He pushed his thick finger inside of himself, not hating the foreign feeling of having something inside himself. 

He then took his other hand and touched his clit. 

He almost screamed in pleasure. 

He began playing and rubbing on his clit even more, getting used to the feeling. 

That's when he felt himself getting wet. 

As he played with his clit, he would move his fingers around in his new genitalia. 

He removed his fingers and saw them glistening with his juices. 

He brought them to his lips and tasted himself for the first time. He thought his pussy juice tasted sweet. 

He put two fingers back inside of himself and resumed playing with his clit. 

He looked down and though how odd it was to see his hairy muscular arms and thick thighs with his new pussy. 

Butch started to really enjoy the heat between his legs. 

He began spreading he legs even more to get more of his fingers inside his vagina.

He began moaning as he flicked and rubbed his clit furiously while moving his thick, long fingers in and out of himself.

His moans turned into cries.

Butch didn't hear the front door open.

Brandon walked in with some beer ready to enjoy a night of drinking with his buddy after he and his wife got in a fight. 

Brandon heard Butch moaning and crying upstairs in the bathroom and set down the beer to see what was going on. 

Worried that something might be wrong he ran upstairs to the bathroom and walked in right when Butch started to cum like a woman would for the first time. 

Butch grunted and screamed as clear liquid squirted out of his pussy. His orgasm so intense that some of it got on the wall. 

He opened his eyes and that's when he saw Brandon standing there with his mouth gaping open. 

"Butch, what the fuck?" said Brandon. 

Butch started to get himself up, trying to cover his new sex from his best friend. 

Brandon stepped closer, "No way man, open your hands and let me see."

He pushed Butch's hands to the side.

"Holy fuck man," said Brandon in awe.

"Since when the fuck did you get a pussy?"

Brandon looked down at the pussy on his hairy, muscular best friend. 

The 6ft 2 250lb man had always had some sort of attraction to Butch knowing he had a bisexual curiosity, but never acting on it. 

"Brandon, I..." said Butch as he looked down and saw that his taller best friend had a noticeable boner. 

Brandon began taking his shirt off, revealing his own beefy body with hair on his chest and a bit of a gut from drinking a few too many beers. 

He looked down again as he was removing his pants and underwear and found himself very turned on to see Butch with a pussy between his hairy thick thighs and below his own beer gut, though not as big as Brandon's. 

"Brandon, wait," said Butch as Brandon began pushing him back to the bed. 

But Brandon wasn't listening, he was focused on the wet hairy pussy between his friend's legs. 

Brandon climbed on top of Butch on the bed, his cock touching the mouth of the pussy below him. 

Butch gasped at the sudden feeling of a cock on his pussy. 

That's when Brandon placed his lips against Butch's and kissed him deep. 

Butch was caught off guard by the move but he didn't resist or push Brandon away. 

Deep down, Butch had always found Brandon attractive as well, thinking that his new pussy may have been just what he needed.

As they began kissing more, Brandon placed his 9 inch cock at the entrance to Butch's cunt. 

Brandon pushed the head in, eager to feel the wet, warm opening. 

"Wait! Brandon!" cried Butch.

But Brandon kept pushing forward, both of them moaning. But as Brandon kept pushing forward, his cockhead hit a blockage. At the same time, Butch and Brandon knew what it was. Butch looked up with wide eyes at Brandon and screamed, "Brandon, no!"

But Brandon wasn't listening. He forced his way through Butch's hymen and moved his big cock up inside Butch even more. 

"Aaaahhhhh!" screamed Butch, still processing what was going on.

Brandon laid his body on top of his best friend and pushed his tongue through his friend's mouth, taking Butch's hands and moving them above his head. 

Brandon started moving his hips, making Butch feel every thrust inside him.

Butch felt his cunt get wetter as he felt the thick hot cock move inside him.

Butch tried to thrust back against Brandon, getting used to his new cunt having a cock inside of it. 

Butch started to move his hand over his clit and play with it feeling another orgasm come on. 

But Brandon had different plans.

He all of a sudden pulled Butch up as he began to sit back, making Butch fall on his cock and impale himself. 

Brandon then looked up at him and said, "I want to see you cum like a bitch! Fuck your pussy on my big cock!"

Butch didn't have to be asked twice. He began moving himself up and down, liking how his cunt felt penetration by a cock in a different position. 

Butch brought his hand back to his clit and furiously began playing with it as Brandon met his movements with his thrusts.

"Oh, God!" said Butch, feeling the now familiar feeling of his orgasm building. 

"Yeah fucker! Pound that pussy with my cock!" yelled Brandon.

Butch tried to hold it back but he couldn't. His pussy started to squirt it's clear juices on his best friend's hard thick cock. 

As his pussy tightened in response, Brandon thrusted even harder until he could feel his orgasm building. 

Brandon pushed Butch back on the bed, and thrust back into the wet, hot cunt in one thrust, both of them moaning. 

Brandon fucked Butch furiously trying to put his load in him. 

Butch couldn't believe it but he was feeling another orgasm. As soon as he started squirting, Brandon pulled out and watched his best friend's cunt shoot its liquid, much to the disappointment of Butch who was starting to tie pleasure with his pussy now.  

But Brandon roughly thrust back into Butch's cunt as it was still spasming and felt his load coming. 

Brandon couldn't hold back any longer. He thrust into Butch's pussy and released his load. 

"Aaarrrgghhhh!" yelled Brandon as he slammed his pelvis into Butch.

Butch screamed beneath him, feeling a cock cum inside his new pussy for the first time. 

Butch was mesmerized by the warmth he felt and began to love the full filling his friend's thick cock gave him. 

Brandon fell onto Butch panting, thrusting his tongue back into his mouth. 

Butch took Brandon's tongue again thinking the weekend wasn't even over yet.