 One week later

Marco arose from his daytime slumber as the sun went down, his mind already maliciously savoring the success of his plan so far. His efforts had succeeded well so far and he was anxious to continue working on the female hunter he had focused his attention on. He dressed his powerful body with a thought and then walked to the window and looked out at the night, going over his plans in his mind.

After his initial success with the wine, he had gone back to Elena's townhouse the following night and was pleased to see a new bottle of wine in her fridge. Using his formidable powers, he was able to insert some of his blood into the bottle without damaging the cork or the seal on the bottle, making it impossible to tell it had been opened at all. While he was busy doing that, he had a couple of his minions, Marquez and Reardon, make short appearances near the club and then disappear. Marco knew it would keep Elena busy, as well as begin to mess with her mind, wondering what they were up to.

He had come back to Elena's home that second night, not long before dawn. Silently entering the townhouse, he had immediately gone to the fridge and checked the wine bottle. Seeing it had been opened and was partially empty, he had gone back outside and hovered by her window. Focusing on his blood and utilizing his vampiric powers, Marco had been able to manipulate her body a little more, making her warm enough to toss off the covers and aroused enough to not only caress her breasts, but to rub her pussy with her fingers for a moment.

Each succeeding night, he had continued with the process and each night he had achieved greater success with making Elena's unconscious body respond to his mental control. Last night he had made her pleasure herself almost to orgasm, but had quickly stopped when she suddenly awoke. He had been out of her direct line of sight when she awoke and had disappeared before she looked his way. As he had flown back to his mansion, he chuckled as he pictured the look on her face when she realized her pussy was soaking wet. 

He had his men continue to show up at the club, going in and then coming out or simply walking by, but he made sure they did not take any prey or do anything but make themselves visible for a short time. He wanted the hunter off balance and unsure of what was going on and had used his power over her body to subtly increase her anxiety levels. He had listened in on a couple conversations she'd had with her two male friends at the warehouse over the last couple of nights and it was obvious that she was losing her nerve and was starting to panic.

Good. 

After tonight, she would lose more than her nerve.

He smiled wickedly to himself and then went into the room next door, where he found the twins, Emily and Amy, dressed and waiting for him. He looked them over critically, noting their tanned skin and rosy complexions. It had taken them a lot of practice over the last few days to apply the makeup properly to hide their undead pallor, but now they looked like a couple of typical sexy blonde women. He nodded in approval as they both looked at him anxiously.

"You both look perfect. You remember what to do?"

"Yes Master, we won't fail." they replied in unison.

--------

Elena was very much on edge that night as she headed for the warehouse. Waking up a little before dawn, she was extremely surprised to find she had been masturbating in her sleep. As a general rule, she did not have erotic dreams and had no recollection of ever pleasuring herself while asleep, yet for the last few days she had woken up with her panties damp and this morning she had awoken to find her fingers rubbing her pussy. She had lain there in bed for a moment, completely stunned, but she was still so aroused that she couldn't help herself and had fingered herself vigourously until she had an almost mind blowing orgasm.

While it had felt wonderful, it had left her even more on edge and her mind kept returning to it as she neared the warehouse. Had she been watching the vamps for so long that seeing them fucking their prey had triggered some subconscious need for her to have sex herself? She snorted in self mockery at such a thought.

"Yeah girl, seeing those male vamps fucking and killing people is a real turn on huh?" 

Shaking her head in a mix of disgust and amusement, she set the thought aside and parked her motorcycle in front of the warehouse. Walking inside, she found Jake at his computer and Max in the back as usual. At least there were some constants in the universe to keep her grounded. Jake smiled and nodded to her as she came in, Max's voice hollering a "Hello" from his lab.

"So Jake, what's the word?"

"Well Elena, I just heard back from the realtor in L.A. We can have the warehouse there in a week, if you're still interested in leaving here." 

"Good, tell him we want it and we'll be there in a couple days to finalize it. I've decided that I want us out of here ASAP. I want you guys to start packing stuff up so we can get out of here. The sooner the better."

Jake looked at her with concern. "You're really spooked aren't you? I've never seen you acting like this before."

Elena sighed, then ran her fingers through her hair and nodded. "Yeah, something is very wrong with this picture and I'm not sure why. The vamps going in and out of the club, but not doing anything and then disappearing. They're fucking with me Jake, and that makes me very, very nervous. It means they know I'm there somehow, but they're taunting me by showing their faces and then running off instead of coming after me. My gut is screaming at me for us to get the fuck out of here."

"Are you sure you aren't overreacting on this? No, nevermind. Of course you aren't." Jake ran his fingers through his hair. "Well, if that's the case, I guess we'd better get started packing. We should be able to get out of here tomorrow. We'll get stuff packed up and then go rent a moving van first thing in the morning. Fortunately, most of this stuff isn't real big so we should be loaded up and on the road by early afternoon. You going to watch over the club again?"

"No, I'm not going anywhere near there again. I have to run by the owner's house and drop off the keys to the townhouse. Thankfully, it was furnished so none of the stuff is mine. I should be back by the time you guys are done, then we can lay low for the night."

She looked at Jake, then glanced over at Max, who was standing in the door to his lab and looking at both of them with concern. She sighed again, then frowned and headed towards the door. She stopped and looked back at them. 

"Once I leave, lock the door and don't let anyone in but me...and Max? Keep those sun grenades close, just in case."

She walked out the door, jumped on her motorcycle and then roared off down the road. She tried not to speed too much, but couldn't shake off the feeling of impending doom. She decided the hell with it and drove like the wind, praying she wouldn't run into any cops. The sooner she dropped off the keys to her landlord, the sooner she could get back and help the guys get done.

The sooner they could get out of this damned town.

--------

Marco soared high above her in the night sky, following along to keep an eye on her. He had listened to the entire exchange and was glad he had decided to send the twins tonight, instead of waiting a couple more days. His plan had put her so off balance, so he had sent the twins to deal with the boys at the warehouse tonight, knowing this would leave Elena thoroughly distraught, angry and off balance. Then he would finish her off in his own wicked way and that would be the end of it. Since she planned on leaving tomorrow, he'd just have to finish her off a little sooner than he had anticipated.

So much the better. Patience had never been a great virtue of his anyway.

For now, he would simply make sure she didn't get back soon enough to disrupt the twins and their "fun".

--------

Jake was busy packing up his computers when he heard a frantic pounding on the door. He walked over to the door and looked out through the small window. He could see two pretty young blonde women, both looking terrified as they kept looking back behind them.

"Help us! Please, they're going to rape us!!" 

Jake could see the dark silhouettes of two men some distance behind the girls but moving closer. Without thinking, he quickly opened the door and let them in, then slammed the door shut. He didn't see the two men stop, then walk back into the shadows and disappear. Marquez and Reardon had done their part in their Master's plan.

Max came out of his lab at the commotion and looked at the two young blondes. "Ummmm Jake, what's going on?" His eyes looked at the two young women curiously, noting their good looks and tanned skin. Recognizing they were twins, he looked at Jake. "Why'd you let them in?"

"They were going to get raped Max. Two goons were following them! What'd you want me to do?" Jake looked at the two pretty blondes and said "You're safe now ladies."

"Thanks so much sweetie" said Amy. "Too bad you're not."

Her mental compulsion wiped Jake's mind clean as Emily used her own on Max. Both men enthralled, the two lady vampires quickly made them strip, then led them back into Max's lab to began their task for the night. Their Master wanted these men drained and left as a message for the hunter, but he also wanted it obvious what had been done to them, so the twins got to work.

Amy knelt in front of Jake and began sucking his cock hungrily, running her tongue up and down the length of his shaft as he quickly hardened under her ministrations. Emily was busy doing the same thing to Max, her head bobbing back and forth as her lips slid up and down his throbbing cock. Both men had their eyes closed, groaning with pleasure as the two lady vamps licked and sucked.

Amy released Jake's cock from her mouth, then stood and bent over the counter. Under her compulsion, Jake moved up behind her and slid his cock inside her hot, moist cunt. Amy cooed with pleasure and held onto the counter as Jake began fucking her hard and fast.

"Mmmmmm yeah, fuck me!"

Emily slid Max's cock from her mouth, then had him lie down on the floor. She moved on top of him, her legs straddling his body as she slowly impaled herself on his throbbing pole. Moaning loudly, she began sliding up and down the length of his cock, burying it completely inside her pussy with each downward thrust.

"Aaaahhh that feels good!" Emily moaned, running her hands over her firm breasts, pinching her hard nipples as she fucked the helpless man beneath her. She looked over to see that Jake now had Amy up against the wall, holding her body in his arms as his cock plunged in and out of her pussy.

Both lady vampires had spent the last week growing in skill with their compulsions, learning the best way to mesmerize their prey and enjoy themselves the most before draining their victims. As a result, both men were more active participants than their first victims had been. Jake and Max both believed themselves to having sex with normal women and had no awareness of their real surroundings or what was really going on.

Jake kissed Amy hard, groaning against her lips as his cock pistoned in and out of her hot, wet cunt. Feeling his climax building, he accelerated the pace, fucking her harder and faster as the pleasure built higher. Amy moaned against his lips, her own anticipation building as well. She had already decided there was nothing better on Earth than a mind blowing orgasm immediately followed by the powerful rush of the fresh blood that would soon be hers.

Emily was bouncing up and down on Max faster as well, her orgasm building as she felt his cock growing even harder and thicker inside her pussy as he neared climax. Like her sister, she couldn't wait for the duel pleasure of climaxing and feeding. It was what she looked forward to each night. She cried out in ecstacy as she climaxed, Max's cock pulsing inside her pussy as he filled her with his cum. She collapsed on top of him, then buried her fangs in his throat, groaning deeply as she drained him dry.

Amy moaned against Jake's lips as she climaxed as well, her body shuddering in his arms as he exploded inside her. She breathed deeply, then smiled wickedly into his eyes "Mmmmmm thanks lover. Now for round two." She then sank her fangs into his neck and drained his life, her feet landing on the floor and her arms supporting his body as his legs gave out. She drank him dry and then drug his body across the floor over to where Max's body lay.

The twins looked down at the two dead men, their cocks leaking cum and their necks leaking a little remaining blood. Emily looked at Amy and smirked "I wonder what the hunter will think when she sees this?"

"Die you bloodsucking bitches!!" screamed a voice. They turned towards the sound just as the world went white.

--------

Elena raced towards her landlord's home, wanting to drop off the key to her townhouse and get back to the warehouse. She screamed down the road at over 160 mph on her motorcycle, a jet black Suzuki Hayabusa, praying for no cops, no traffic and nobody in her way. High above her, a dark shape struggled to keep up with her.

Marco silently cursed as he tried to keep up with the insane woman below him. He hadn't expected her to be in this big of a hurry, nor had he known her bike could reach these kinds of speeds. He'd expected her to be uneasy and all, but she was riding as if the very hounds of Hell were on her heels. Smirking slightly at the analogy, he couldn't really say that wasn't true. Many would consider him such a terrifying thing...if they knew he existed. Still, this could pose a problem and he hoped the twins didn't take too long disposing of Elena's two friends.

He was still trying to catch up with her when she turned into a heavily forested subdivision. He was gaining on her when she suddenly slammed on the brakes and stopped in front of a large house. Unfortunately, he was so focused on her that he was unaware of the small plane bearing down on him until it was almost too late. Suddenly realizing his proximity to the aircraft, he dove hard to avoid it, just narrowly avoiding getting slammed into by a wing.

Muttering in annoyance at his lack of attention to his surroundings, he rose higher into the sky so he could keep his eyes on Elena, only to find her roaring back into town already at the same insane rate of speed she had been at earlier. Cursing voluably now at stupid humans thinking they could fly and his own lack of attention, he sped after her. He had a sinking feeling that he wasn't going to catch her before she reached the warehouse, and he had no way to communicate with the twins since they hadn't been vampires long enough to develop the powers necessary for mental communication.

He could only hope they were done before Elena got there.

--------

Elena slowed just before reaching the warehouse, her instincts screaming at her that something was very wrong and she needed to hurry. Jumping off the motorcycle, she ran to the door, then looked in the window just as she was about to open it. Not seeing anyone, her warning instincts jumped even higher. She pulled a sun grenade from her jacket, just in case, then silently opened the door and moved inside the building.

Not hearing anything, she moved back towards Max's lab and moved into the doorway. She saw the two women standing by the dead bodies of her friends and heard one of them say to the other "I wonder what the hunter will think when she sees this?"

Her rage and grief almost overwhelming her, Elena screamed "Die you bloodsucking bitches" and hurled the sun grenade into the room, covering her eyes as it went off and bathed the room in its brilliant white light.

The twins screamed in agony as the light disintegrated them instantly, their bodies turning to ash and collapsing onto the floor. Elena moved uncaring through their remains and knelt beside the bodies of her two dead friends, noting the puncture wounds in their necks and the obvious result of their meeting with the two lady vamps.

"Damnit, I TOLD you not to open the door!!" She cried, tears rolling down her face as she stroked Jake's hair, then turned slightly and did the same to Max. "I am so sorry I ever let you guys get involved with this. This is all my fault."

Barely aware of what she was doing, Elena went to a storage locker and pulled out a couple of gas cans that she kept on site. She doused the two mens' bodies with the fuel, then went and grabbed papers, furniture and anything else that would burn. Soaking it with the rest of the gas, she then walked back to the storage locker and grabbed a road flare. Igniting it, she tossed it onto the pile and then ran out of the warehouse as it quickly began to go up in flames. The fire would destroy the mens' bodies and there would be nothing left of them.

They would not rise.

She hopped onto her motorcycle, her mind almost a blank with grief, rage and despair. She had no idea what she was going to do now and she really didn't care at the moment. Still thinking of very little, she caught movement out of the corner of her eye. Looking towards the motion, she saw a dark figure hovering in the air about a hundred yards away. Seeing that she was aware of him, he turned and soared away.

Without thinking, she fired up her motorcycle and roared after him. Absolutely sure this was the master vampire and this was all his doing, she was focused on one thing and that was to end him. If he killed her in the attempt, so be it.

--------

Marco smiled evilly as he kept ahead of Elena, keeping just close enough for her to keep up with him. She couldn't drive through these streets as fast as the ones earlier, so he had no problem keeping ahead of her. He was somewhat disgusted over what happened to the twins, but shrugged it off. While he had enjoyed them, they could be replaced. After all, there were always more twins in the world.

His fangs lengthened slightly in anticipation of what would soon occur. Elena would follow him to his home...and then he would finish her.