 Craven's POV 

My throat was dry and felt the need to feed once more. I needed a new victim, but who would it be today. I looked around my Sociology class, scanning over the countless number of intelligent and beautiful women around me. Well, not very intelligent enough to stay away from a predator like me.

I walked down an isle to my seat behind a less popular woman in the class. Her name is Alexandrea—Alex for short—she doesn't do much, but sit and keep to herself. I have associated with her many times, but for some odd reason, she has never fallen for my good looks or gentleman-like charm. In any way, she is too plain for my taste as is, so she'll stay one of my friends.

"Hey Alex," I greeted her with a warm touch to the shoulder. She was reading a book with a purple book cover over it to hide the title of it. I took another look, but this time to part of the page and read, 'He gave her all she wanted in one night and yet, she wanted more. She ripped off his shirt and began to kiss his chest.' 

She closed her book and turned to me, taking off her reading glasses. She smiled warmly and said, "Hi Craven. Did you copy down those notes I gave you last night? I kind of need them back to give to Lake." She held her glasses between her thumb and index finger; it looked as if she had gotten a manicure, or at least polished her nails. Her hair was in a tight bun, no loose hairs out of place, her eyes sparkled their emerald green, and as always her smile was tired, but warm. She looked like a young mother, who was always so tired looking, but had enough energy to conquer the world.

"I gave them to him already," I told her. My throat was getting dryer by the second, just talking to her. I thought it would keep my mind off the fact that I am starving, but it didn't. Her soft voice and beating heart, was enough to make me even hungrier. I didn't want her I wanted someone else who seemed interested, so that I would at least have someone to worship me as I sank into them.

I stared down at my knees, feeling weakened and ready to collapse and die from lack of blood. I needed a perfect fix from a woman. I needed one with legs and curves that won't stop for anyone. I smoothed my dark jeans against my thighs, trying my hardest not to think about my raging thirst.

Suddenly, I felt her hand touch my forehead, her pulse beating against my clammy skin. It was a sweet touch, one that I wouldn't forget. It was warm as she ran it down the side of my temple to the peak of my cheek bone. I closed my eyes and took in the moment. I can smell the blood rushing through her veins and her slow pulse speed up in an almost panicked way.

"Craven, I think you might have a fever," she told me, moving her hand back up to my forehead. "You should probably go back to your dorm. I'll take extra notes for you, if you want."

I looked up at her, feeling weak. She was right, it felt almost like a real fever, but it wasn't. I was just thirsty and needed scarf down the next girl that walks by me.

I stood up and she stood up too, but I pushed her back into her seat. "I'll be fine," I told her in an almost whisper. I began walking toward the door, but just before I got into the hall, I pulled a tall redhead with me. She didn't hesitate or disagree to come with me. She grabbed onto my arm and held tight with a flirtatious smile.

I brought her into my dorm room and locked the door behind us in fear that someone might have caught me coming into the dorms. I pushed her up against the door and she wrapped her long slender legs around my waist. I pressed my lips to hers, feeling her pulse all over my body. Her breathing became as heavy as my own, as I began to kiss her neck and collar bone. 

I pulled her tight t-shirt off of her bouncing breast that was jailed behind a tight fitting red bra. I unhooked her bra to reveal firm, round, beautiful breast with slight outlines of blue-green veins over them. Her pink nipples erect instantly from the coldness of my room. I grabbed one of her breast and lightly brushed my lips over her skin, before lightly kissing her nipple, making her let out a slight sigh. I began to tease her, by softly sucking at it, making her moan. I grabbed her other breast in my hand and gently massaged it, moving my lips back and forth from each one.

I grabbed both and kissed her warms lips. I let my hands them fall to her firm buttocks and walked her over to my bed, pinning her down against the mattress. I moved my hands over the smooth skin of her abdomen, down to the edge of her jeans and unbuttoned them. I slowly let my hand down her panties, to her already wet pussy and flicked her clitoris gently. She arched her back with a moan. I kept rubbing at her hairless mound and couldn't take it any longer.

Before I could whip out my now rock hard member from my jeans, she pushed me down against the bed and began to undress me. I was naked before her, as she touched my bare chest kissing me as if I was her only source for air. She began to stroke my penis slowly. With every stroke, I gave a little grunt. I pulled her pants and thong off of her and pulled her over me. She slowly lowered herself onto my fully erect penis and sighed with every inch.

"I didn't expect it to be so big," she moaned and began bouncing on top of me. "Oh! It feels so good! It's so big! Oh!" She put a rocking motion into her bounce, making me moan and want to take a nice bite of her. I pinned her onto her back, with my member still inside of her and let out a small growl as I thrusted in and out of her.

I pulled her up against the headboard of my bed and thrusted harder, deeper, with every being of my body. I kissed her shoulder up to her jaw line. I peaked at her neck, veins popping out with the pleasure I gave her. I sucked and kissed the tender skin of her neck, thrusting faster, making her almost scream with pleasure.

"Oh god! It feels so good," she yelled, taking a hold around my neck, digging her nonexistent nails into my skin. "I think, I'm going to cum!"

I moved faster, almost ready to cum with her, but I needed her orgasm to go first, so I can take her pleasured blood into my mouth. I felt her tighten up around me, making me push deeper and suck the skin on her neck. When she began to groan loudly, I knew she was cumming and bit into her neck. The pleasure was too overwhelming for her to realize, I had bit into her neck. 

I sucked at her hot blood, thick with hormones and satisfaction. It was like hot chocolate syrup running down my throat, every mouthful was delightful. I was feeling much better now. I pulled myself out of her and took another last mouthful of her blood, before licking her wound clean, letting my saliva heal it instantly.

I pushed her head down and stuck my penis into her mouth. She did not disagree with me and began to suck and lick every inch of me. It was the most intense feeling I have ever had. I put my hands to the back of her head and began to thrust, hitting the back of her throat. She did not gag once at all, which made it all more enjoyable for me. Then I felt it coming, a large part of me wanted to explode inside her.

I held tight to her and with one last thrust, came into the back of her throat until I was satisfied.