 Nox got out of her car and walked slowly up to her house, knowing she must look like hell. This was one of the few times when she was glad there was no one here to greet her or question her about her day.

Nox grabbed her mail and unlocked the door. Just as she pushed it opened, her hands filled with her keys, the knob and her mail, she realized someone was behind her. She dropped the mail and made as if to pick it up, she reached for her gun and cursed herself silently when she found the holster empty.

She suddenly remembered she had never put the gun back in the holster when she and Linda got back to the car. 

Nox turned swiftly in her crouch dropping her knife out of her sleeve sheath into her hand. She was kicked backwards into the house for her trouble. She laid on the floor a moment dazed, fighting for breath. Her vision tunneled briefly, but she willed herself to stay conscious.

Nox was suddenly grabbed by her braid and drug further into the house. She tried to pull the knife that was hidden in the sheath braided into her hair, but it was knocked out of her hand. Whoever this was knew her moves and where she hid her weapons. She was dragged up by her hair, and spun quickly around.

She was abruptly hefted up and tossed over a massive shoulder. She struggled, but to no avail. She stopped struggling and went with it, because she knew she would not be able to save herself if she panicked. She looked down at her attackers back and was momentarily confused. She realized in an instant that she knew that leather clad ass. Nikoli... damn it... She thought to herself angrily.

"God damn you, Nikoli, put me down." She shrieked.

"God has damned me, my love, or else I wouldn't love you." He growled.

"And just what the hell does that mean?" Nox began to struggle anew.

"What I mean is God must have damned me, otherwise I wouldn't be in love with such a faithless, heartless, little harlot, like you." Nikoli growled.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Nox asked in fear and confusion. 

"Diego." Nikoli snarled the name as he tossed her on to the bed.

Nox's eyes widened as she remembered the kiss she shared with Diego in the restaurant parking lot and she tried to roll, but Nikoli was on her before she could move very far. His hands went quickly to the neck of her shirt and ripped it opened, tearing open the bra as well. He pulled the jacket off of her and hurled it to across the room. 

He then pulled the shirt and the bra off of her, and quickly straddled her chest pinning her arms with his legs. As he shredded her shirt into long strips, Nox struggled with everything she was. She just wasn't strong enough to move him when he didn't want to be moved. 

Nikoli took the first strip of cloth and tied it across her eyes, blindfolding her. He flipped her onto her stomach beneath him and then bound her hands to the headboard. She felt him move off her, then off the bed. She trembled and tried to struggle against the ties, the more she struggled however, the tighter they got. I have to give him credit for one thing; he knows how to tie someone up. She shook the thought from her head chiding herself for her badly timed morbid sense of humor.

She felt the tip of a knife pierce her jeans, careful not to cut her. She heard and felt the denim of her jeans give way to the blade. The tip lightly tracing across her skin, first down one leg then the other. The fabric was jerked away abruptly. Next he pulled off her boots.

She tried to kick him away from her, struggling to keep her legs free of his grasp, but he moved far to fast for her to stop him. He bound her feet to the footboard with quick efficiency. Soon she was totally restrained and naked except for her panties. 

Nox trembling at the unusually cool summer wind that blew through the window. She felt him staring at her and the chill turned to heat. She felt his hand on her back, first the whole palm, then just his nails, running down her skin. His hand stopped at her backside, which he caressed for a moment, and then his hand left her body.

She felt him wrap her thick braid around his hand, and suddenly she felt his breath on her neck, as he turned her head away from him.

"You belong to me Alexandra," He whispered her real name huskily in her ear. "I'll make sure that after tonight, you never forget that again."

"Please, don't do this, Nikoli," Nox sobbed half in fear, half in excitement.

"My sweet little girl," he began, his breath hot on her skin, "if you hadn't allowed his kiss, his touch, I wouldn't have to punish you. There would be no need to remind you that you are mine. But I have to do this, you must be made to understand this one simple, inescapable fact." His hand tightened in her hair, pulling her head into a more painful angle. "You... are... mine!"

Nox gasped as he punctuated each of the last three words. He let go of her head suddenly, and she felt him move. She waited for what seemed like an eternity. In her mind she cursed herself for buying a house so far outside the city. Now she had no one to help her, to save her from him. But do you really want to be saved? Her inner voice asked softly.

In that moment she realized that no, she didn't want to be saved, if she had to give him his final death tomorrow, then at least she could have tonight, and who could blame her, she was forced.

Yeah, right, she heard whispered in her head, if what you are feeling is forced then sign me up. 

Nox felt leather trail across her back. She knew that feeling all to well. It was his whip, the one she had become familiar with as a teenager learning the joys of pleasure and pain under him. 

She tried to relax as he had taught her, it doesn't hurt as much if you relax, his words played through her mind. When she felt the whip leave her skin she knew she was prepared for what was coming.

The first blow was not slow or held back. He meant to hurt her, to punish her as he had said. The blows fell in rapid succession, her body fighting the pain, her mind turning it into pleasure.

When the whip finally stopped its merciless pounding on her back, she was well and truly ready for him, her mouth begging him for his forgiveness, despite her better judgment. 

Nox felt the warm trickle of blood down her back. She heard him growl softly and felt him fighting his blood lust. Suddenly, she felt his weight on the bed and then his hair trailing over her skin as he leaned down to her back.

She gasped as his tongue traced fiery lines, along her flesh, gathering her blood almost reverently. She felt his tongue probe one of the places where the whip had laid open her skin. 

She whimpered as much in pleasure as in pain as she felt his hand clawed down her side as he nipped her now bruised and bloodied flesh. A tremble ran through her body and she gasped at the overwhelming heat that flooded her body. 

She felt him move over her, his legs on either side of hers. One of his strong hands went to her hair and began to unbraid it, when he found her hiding place for her knife. He made quick work of removing the sheath and tossed it aside. 

Nikoli ran his hands through her hair, gathering it tightly in his grasp. He pulled her head back as he drew in a deep breath, her hair pressed to his face.

"Who do you belong to heart and soul, Alexandra?" He leaned down to whisper huskily into her ear. His breath sending chills down her spine.

"I belong to you, Master Nikoli, heart, body, and soul." She trembled as she said this, giving herself to the moment, forgetting tomorrow.

"Remember that, little one," He kissed her ear. "Or else you punishment next time will be far more sever." 

"I'll remember, Master, I promise." Her voice was as husky as his now.

Nikoli shifted. He rested his weight down onto her, his bare chest pressed into her back. His hands trailed along her sides, then moved back up to her hair. He brushed it all to the side, and began to kiss her shoulder gently. His mouth began to kiss over her pulse points and he felt her body relax beneath him.

Nikoli nibbled on her neck and ran his hands up her arms. He took his time building both of their passions to a fevered pitch. Nox gasped, as he grew harder against her thighs. She writhed beneath him trying to make him lose control again. Tonight she didn't want to make love; she just wanted him to take her.

His nails clawed down her arms, then down her sides. He growled in her ear, just before he threw himself up, so that he was sitting on her legs. He leaned back and cut her ankles free of their bonds.

He reached up and pulled off her blindfold, and then sat still for a moment. She trembled as she felt his gaze caressing her skin.

Nox felt his hand on the edge of her panties. She gasped as he grasped the thin material and in one vicious tug it ripped free of her body. He put a leg between hers forcing them apart.

Nox made a show of struggling, knowing it would only inflame him more. She heard the zipper of his pants and knew what was coming, her body flooded with far more desire then she had ever felt before. She felt the head of his cock pressing against her.

It slid down under her, and suddenly caress the small swollen nub that ached with the building heat he caused in her.  

She climaxed almost immediately, crying out his name, and heard him groan. She felt him slide into her suddenly, forcing her body to accept him. She arched up toward him, her body gripping him tightly, drawing him further in. His hands gripped her hips and pulled them up so that only her chest laid on the bed. His knees went under her, bracing her, as he drove all the way into her. 

She cried out again as he lifted her up so that she was balanced on him. He ground deeply into her, his hands clawing at her hips. He leaned over her suddenly, driving himself that much deeper into her as he pressed her further into the bed. She felt her hands cut free and then the world spun. Suddenly she was on her back, though he had never withdrawn from her body. 

She gazed up at him, all the pain and anger reflecting in her eyes, yet there was desire and love as well shining in those twin green pools. He pressed down onto her and brought her legs up around him. He placed the backs of her knees just at the crooks of his elbows.

Nikoli pounded into her with all his unresolved anger, possessing her fully. Her hands reached up to claw down his chest. He groaned as she drew blood, then he smiled down at her and knew in that moment she truly did belong to him.

He let her legs down and leaned in to kiss her. Nox took offense to the gentleness of the kiss. She put all her strength into rolling him over, and caught him off guard.

He landed on the floor with a thump, her body riding his on the way down. His hands grasped her hips to keep himself sheathed tightly within her. They landed hard on the floor causing her to cry out, her hips twisting, grinding her into him as she orgasmed again.

Nikoli watched her head drop back and felt her long hair caress his thighs as she gave her self to the pleasure he brought her to. He smiled triumphantly, and lifted her so that he was only partially inside of her. He moved her only slightly, never letting her take all of him, watching her struggle against him, knowing she wanted nothing more then to drive back down onto him.

He finally let her slide slowly back onto him, his eyes closing as she took him again inch by inch. It seemed to take forever but was well worth it. He brought her back up and smiled at her whimper. He slammed her all the way down quickly this time. 

Nikoli sat up and wrapped his arms around her, one hand on her head, drawing her in for a deep kiss. She shifted her body on him as he kissed her, and he lost all control. He clawed down her bleeding back and his fangs extended.

When she felt this, Nox felt a tremendous amount of pride at being able to make him lose control. She threw back her hair and bared her neck to him. He kissed over her neck and down to one breast, teasing her nipple to hardness with his tongue and one fang. He moved his head and did the same with the other nipple. 

Nikoli licked his way back up to her throat, and his head drew back. She prepared herself for his bite. His head came forward, and his fangs immediately piercing her skin at the pulse point. 

He clawed down her back again and she cried out, her body twisting on him once more. She felt him burst inside her, like liquid fire.

Nox lost all sense of reality in that moment. All she could do was ride the endless waves of pleasure he caused in her and reveled in the emotions he brought her just giving her his pleasure. In that moment she was truly his. 

After they had caught their breath, Nikoli picked Nox up, cradling her to his massive chest, and moved to standup. He carried her over to the window and looked out the curtains at the city stretching out in the distance, below the hill her home was on. 

Nox laid her head on his shoulder and nuzzled deeply into his arms. Her hand traced over the few scars that graced his chest. Doubts began to fill her head and she pushed them away quickly, she would not allow her last night with Nikoli to be ruined.

She felt him looking down at her and turned her head up toward him. Their eyes locked, his silvery blue eyes were filled with flames of desire and her jade green eyes were filled sadness and love. He smiled at her, then leaned down and captured her lips gently.

First he just nibbled on her lower lip, teasing with it with his tongue. Then he delved his tongue into her mouth, caressing exploring it in a slow gently passionate manner. 

Nox groaned and wrapped her arms around his neck pulling herself up to meet his kiss, her body straining against his. This time no words were exchanged.

Nox shifted her body in his arms struggling to be let down. Instead of letting her down he gently lowered the bottom half of her body using his hands to guide her legs around him.

He braced her body against the wall next to the window, his cock gently probed at her entrance. She groaned into his lips and shifted her body to allow him a better path into her. He slid slowly into her, one of his hands on her lower back, and the other on her head holding her close for his kiss. 

Her limbs trembled as he drove slowly, deeply into her. Claiming her body, much in the way he had claimed her heart. In that moment she loved him more deeply for his gentleness with her.

Their lips stayed connected even as he drew her off the wall and supported her body with only his arms. His hand was now wrapped in her hair. He watched her as he kissed her. The arrogant smile in his eyes. He had no doubts now he knew she was his.

Nikoli walked across the room holding her tightly to him. When he got to the other side of the room, he reached out with one arm and swept her dresser clear. He withdrew himself from her and placed her on an embroidered footstool that sat in front of the large piece of wooden furniture.

He turned her around so that she could see them in the large mirror that hung above the dresser. She whimpered in protest. Then gasped as she caught the reflection of the beautiful young woman in the mirror.

That's me she though with wonder, I'm seeing myself as Nikoli sees me. She looked on in awe even as Nikoli parted her legs a bit, and bent her slightly forward. Her hair fell in silken waves to her feet, and her breasts hung like two glorious pale moons.

Nikoli took hold of each of her wrists bringing them behind her. He held them tightly in one hand and pressed himself back into her warmth. With her arms held behind her, her body was thrust forward. How perfect she looks, Nikoli thought with a smile.

He pulled her back against him, by the wrists. One of his large hands coming forward, he splayed it across her stomach as he rocked her in a gently rhythm to work himself in and out of her.

His hand slid up to capture one of her breasts. He played with it gently, and her head fell back against his shoulder thrusting her breast that much more into his hand. He rolled one of her large nipple between his thumb and forefinger, working it into a hard nub. His hand moved to the other breast and repeated the process.

Nikoli arranged her hair, so that her nipples just poked out from beneath the silken midnight waves, and then moved his hand back to her stomach again. He nudged her head with his chin to make her look at the way they looked in the mirror. When she did she smiled, but it was a sad smile.

His hand slide down between her legs, and slipped a finger into her and played with the nub that lay hidden there. He tried hard to take the look of sadness from her eyes. In that moment he realized he was the cause of her pain, but didn't understand why.

Nikoli let go of her wrist, slowly removing himself from her, and turned her around gently. He then caught her up in his arms and kicked the footstool out of the way. He rested her onto her dresser, her back against the mirror.

He knelt down in front of her, parting her knees widely. He leaned forward and kissed first one inner thigh then the other. He let his tongue trace through the wetness he found on her skin, groaning inwardly at the wild mixed taste of both of them.

He lapped at her skin until her thighs were clean, and then he leaned forward to the source of the wetness and gently brushed it first with his lips, then with his tongue. 

He placed his hands on her inner thighs and pressed her legs a little farther apart. His hands splayed the width of each thigh. She gasped, as his tongue delved deeply into her, gathering her wetness hungrily.

His tongue slid slowly up to the small, sensitive nub. He encircled it with his rough tongue and drew it gently into his mouth to suck on it, savoring the taste of the small piece of flesh. 

Nox gasped and tried to squirm away. He held her in place by clawing into her thighs, and gripping them tightly. He played with the nub while it was in his mouth. Rolling it between his teeth as she quietly begged him for release. 

He let it go finally and began to play with it, using only his tongue this time, alternating between playful stabs and long slow licks. He felt her body tremble, then tense as she cried out.

He came up suddenly, forcing her back against the mirror again. His hand slid up to her throat, and he held her tightly against the mirror as he drove into her. His mouth dropped to capture one breast roughly teasing it with bites and licks.

He took her hard and fast, the power of his trusts rocking the dresser back into the wall. Her legs wrapped around him again and he lifted her carefully by the throat, as he stood up, letting her weight press her down further onto him.

He pulled her forward, kissing her roughly, one of his arms wrapping around her back to draw her closer to him.

Nikoli took her over to the bed, and dropped her on to it, kneeling so that he stayed inside her. He unhooked her legs from behind him, and spun her over again onto her stomach. 

Gripping her hips tightly he drove into her. One of his hands left her hip to wrap in her hair. He pulled her head back and leaned forward. His other hand clawing into her hip hard enough to draw blood as he bit into her shoulder again, his fangs sinking deep into her skin.

He drew her powerful blood into him, and drove himself deeply into her as he burst forth inside her again, causing her to tighten and cried out her love for him. 

When he finally pulled his mouth away he realized he had taken a bit too much, as her skin was more pale then normal. 

He withdrew himself again and turned her over. He was relieved to see that though her eyes were closed, she had a smile on her face and she was breathing deeply.

When her eyes opened, there was a look of languid pleasure floating in them. She grabbed his hair and pulled him down for a very deep kiss.
