 I sat in the bleachers, the sun hitting my pale skin nicely as I watched one of the players throw the ball to Jet.

Jet...

I guess I should explain myself to you a little bit. My name is Harley, though everyone calls me Byra {Bee-rah}. It supposedly means red in some kind of language, and everyone calls me that because apparently when I'm pissed, all I see is red, and all I cause is red. I'm eighteen as of yesterday at six-oh-nine AM and I am a Vampire. Yes you got it, fangs, red eyes, the whole nine yards. I have brown hair that's almost black, blue eyes when I'm not vamped out, but when I am I have blood red eyes. I got the perfect body (or so I've been told by a lot of guys), curves in all the right places, size 32D breasts and my ass is perfectly shaped (again, something I've been told).

And then there's Jet...

Jedidiah Anderson (Jet for short) is tall, tan, has black hair, green eyes, and has one of those sexy bodies that makes you cream your panties just by looking at him. I know right, What's the catch? Well you see, Jet is the son of Alpha to the largest pack in all the world. Yes, he's a werewolf, and usually that wouldn't be a problem considering Vamps and Wolves have had an on going peace treaty, we have people hooking up from both our sides all the time. The problem? I'm the King and Queen of Vampire's daughter, and as such I'm expected to take a vampire mate and take over running the Vampire World once I turn eighteen. Another problem with that? Jet is my mate. Yes, yes you have it, a werewolf and a vampire are mates. Can you imagine?

"What the hell was that Anderson?!" I heard the coach yell and I snapped from my thoughts and zeroed in on the tall, tanned, werewolf that was known as Coach Carter. "You call that a catch?" He continued yelling and I narrowed my eyes at him. Who was he to talk to an Alpha's son like that? I looked at Jet, expecting him to retaliate but he stood there, his eyes narrowed and I knew were growing the bright color of his wolf each passing second. The longer the coach yelled the angrier I got and soon I found myself standing and storming off the bleachers, ignoring the lustful stares of the males and even some females as I passed them. I reached the door that led into the school and walked to the bathroom, waving to the occasional vampire that thought it'd be fun to kiss ass. I rolled my eyes when I heard one calling me princess and made my way into the single bathroom. Walking over to the sink I sighed before leaning over it and turning on the water.

I heard the door opening and I turned to tell whoever it was that this bathroom was occupied when I was slammed against the wall, a pair of hot and hungry lips smashing into mine. I moaned at the contact, knowing instantly who these lips belonged to. "I see you found me." I whispered huskily as he pulled away, showing the bright green eyes of his wolf.

"I will always find you Byra." Jet whispered before returning his lustful attack on my lips. We stayed like that, my hands wrapped in his hair, his massaging my ass, until he pulled away to breathe. I chuckled, loving the fact that with me being a vampire I technically I didn't have to breathe, though it felt uncomfortable not to. "I need you." He whispered, reaching his hands up and pushing my leather jacket from my shoulder. He continued undressing me quickly until I pushed him away slightly.

"Door!" I rasped out, his lips finding the sweet spot on my neck. He nibbled on it, causing me to moan in ecstasy.

"It's locked." He murmured against my neck and that was all I need to hear before I spun us around, slamming him against the wall and attacking his body with my own, pulling his shirt off before running my cold hands up his abs. Jet threw his head back at my touch and a growl rumbled in his throat. I leaned forward slowly and licked his abs causing him to growl again and lift my head with his hand. "Don't tease me B." He moaned out and I smirked before returning on my attack. I licked my way down his stomach, kissing his belly button before reaching his pants. I looked up at him only to see him staring down at me with his bright green eyes, I winked and put my lips on the button of his jeans, working at the button with my teeth while I rubbed my hands up and down his stomach. As soon as I had gotten the button undone and his pants down to his feet I was picked up and slammed once again against the wall.

I went to wrap my arms around Jet when he grabbed my hands with his left one, holding it up against the wall above me and then I felt him working at my jeans. I felt the button popped off and felt my pants falling the floor and through my hazy lust-filled state I heard him growl again. I felt a hand touch my bare mound and moaned. "Jet!" I moaned out and felt his fingers slide into me. "Jet!" I said much louder and struggled against his hold on me. He continued like that, pushing his large fingers in and out of me, sometimes going quickly and other times very slowly. I began rocking my hips against his hand and moaned when his thumb started stroking my clit. "Oh god." I moaned out in a breathy tone and felt it coming. "Jet...Jet." I kept repeating and right when I was about to release his fingers disappeared. I hissed out in frustration, my fangs coming out.

"That's what I was waiting for." He said with a sexy smirk before I was pushed against the wall more, his body covering mine. I wrapped my now free arms around his neck and lifted my legs to wrap around his waist. Jet grabbed my thighs and held me, taking me from the wall and walking to the small bench that was on the other side of the bathroom, setting me down softly. I felt him run his hands over my breasts, twisting my nipples and growling when I hissed in painful pleasure to him. He pulled away and I felt him center himself before smashing into me, his dick going all the way to the hilt and I let out a large, loud moan.

"Shit, shit!" I said over and over, my hands going under his arms and wrapping onto his shoulder. I held on for dear life as he pounded into me, giving no mercy. "Jet!" I nearly screamed out and he silenced my scream with a kiss. I bit his bottom lip, loving how it made him moan as my fangs pierced his lip.

"Shit Byra!" He groaned out, his movements going faster as our tongues fought a battle for dominance. He thrust his hips deep into mine, his stomach rubbing my clit and his dick finding my spot. I screamed into his mouth, feeling myself cumming, my nails digging into his shoulders. I felt the warmth of blood before I heard his growl of pleasure. "Byra!" He moaned out as he pulled all the way out and threw his whole dick into me, keeping still there as a shudder rolled through his body, then another, and another. About a minute passed before he slowly picked me up with him, turning and then sitting on the bench; his dick still fully hard inside of me. I moved my hand from his still slightly bleeding shoulder and showed him his blood on my fingers. "Do it." he growled out, his slowly darkening eyes flaring back to the bright green and I smirked as I brought the bloodied fingers to my mouth and sucked on them. I felt a moan vibrate myself down to the core as the taste of his blood exploded in my mouth.

"Shit Jet."I said and leaned my head against his shoulder, my mouth finding its way to his neck where I nibbled on it. He moaned, lifting his hips deeper into me. "Oh god." I whispered against his neck and he laughed.

"You're going to be the death of me Harley." he said, a moan of pleasure coming from my mouth as he spoke my real name.

"Oh I plan on it." I whispered, bringing myself up and planting my lips on his. He lifted his hips into me again and I laughed. "You insatiable!" I said against his lips and I felt his grin.

"Only with you love." He whispered before pushing up once more and then sighing. "You have to go." He whispered again and I groaned in protest.

"Damn training." I whispered and kissed him once again before getting off of him, feeling a moan of protest come from me as his dick slide out of me. Jet stood reluctantly and started re-dressing with me. Once we were dressed he pulled me to him and planted his lips on mine.

"You're mine." He growled as I pulled away from him, bringing me back to him and I moaned as he licked my neck. I heard him growl under his breath and knew he was fighting his wolf.

"I'm yours." I reassured him and only after I said that did he find the strength to pull away.

"I will mark you." he stated and I smiled.

"Counting on it babe." I winked and walked out of the bathroom, knowing I smelt purely of raw sex but couldn't find it in me to care.