 Tragon Asta and Mossara lay together in the moonlight not far from where Dravo and Vera had their most recent noisy athletic encounter. Their cries had punctured the relative peace of the jungle night as they had licked, sucked, poked, stroked, and urged each other to mutual orgasm. They lay together quietly panting by the stream. They would rise in a couple of hours, swim and couple with less volume but no less intensity. 

Mossara nuzzled Tragon and spoke: "Your Uncle, Lord Dravo Asta, began training the young boys today." 

"So?"

"So, he began with the breathing and stretching exercises, gave them a lesson in spear fighting and finished by running them up the path to the mountain and back."

"Really."

"Then he took the slave up to the hot springs and fucked her until the evening meal."

"How do you know they fucked at the hot springs?"

"I could hear them, you probably could, too."

"Well, I was very busy helping repair the dam."

"So you heard her shouting his name."

"Yes, I did."

"Did you hear me whispering his name this morning?"

Tragon sat up, wide-eyed in the moonlight. "!!!!!"

Mossara smiled and stretched as she reached up to touch his arm. "Oh yes, husband of mine, that old man has been giving me a workout this past week while the slaves tend the chores. You can't be jealous, now, can you my love?"

She kissed the back of his hand as her tail wound around his upper arm and neck. "He is.... entitled, after all."

"No, it isn't that, not at all. It's just that he's ....."

"Acting like a man half his age?"

"And half again of that! He's as horny as a teenager with the wisdom of an elder. I'm jealous of that, to be sure!"

"You have nothing to worry about from Dravo, my love, he wants nothing more than for you to have a good life."

"I know, my love, but still: Why? How is this possible? He was dying. I shed tears in the night for him. I thought about the man he was, the man I honored, the man I hoped to become. Now he's wearing out the young boys on the practice field and my woman in my own bed!"

She placed his tail between her legs and gripped his shaft, stroking the head with her thumb. "I wish I knew the answer, but I do know that you can get some of this right now, if you're man enough." 

He was and did. 

Later that night they listened to Dravo and Vera spash each other in the shallows. Mossara stroked his chest as he dozed. "Tra?"

"Um." 

"Caralassa and I have a theory about Uncle Dravo, actually it's about Vera."

"Vera?"

"She says that Vera is very different from others of her kind that we know about."

He grunted and rolled over to face her, a smile on his face: "My sister in marriage has an amazing grasp of the obvious." 

"It's true!"

"So?"

"My sister is a very intelligent woman." 

"Did I not say that?"

"You did not."

"Your sister is a very intelligent woman. OWWW!"

"Do not mock my sister, man of mine, next time I'll tear it off, not just pinch it!"

"Your wish, my love, is my command."

"Caralassa says that there is more to the slave woman than we know, more than we can ever know."

"What are you talking about?"

"She came down from the sky in a seed! And when that seed bore fruit, it was her!' Mossara was sitting up facing him with her eyes blazing. 'She came forth from that seed-we'd-never-seen-before! She cannot remember her life before this! She could be anything, a warrior, a queen, a sorceress, a..... "

"A medicine-woman?" Tragon smirked.

Mossara, wide-eyed, slowly drew a breath without breaking eye contact with Tragon and whispered: "You could only be so lucky". Her gaze did not waver. He looked down, knowing she'd made her point and more. Someone, Dravo? was making obscene sounds near the water. She snorted and rolled over to sleep.

Tragon lay back, listening to his uncle and the slave woman fucking in the sand, the croaking of mating amphibians, the crackle of the bonfire and sought to make sense of it all. 

The slave girl began to cry out: "Dravo! Yes! Dravo! You! UH! UH! UH! UH! NNNNNNNNNNN!!!" She grunted something in a tongue that he didn't understand and then all was silent except for the sounds of the night.

His uncle's laughter woke him just before dawn. Dravo and the woman were swimming again. 

The old man was surely having a time with the slave, yes he was.