 The Rejuvenation of Dravo Asta

Vera knew who Dravo Asta was, the aged monkey warrior was the chief's uncle and had been the defacto chieftain until Tragon, the present chief, was of an age to assume his duties. 

He'd been quite the wily statesman and warrior – warring with the neighboring monkeyfolk tribes, expanding the territory, then negotiating the peace; further expanding the territory of the tribe. No headsman of another tribe had a good thing to say about him except to his face. 

When he finally turned over the masa-hide cloak of the headsman to his brother's son he had tripled the size of the tribe's territory and added some dozens of slaves to the tribe. He'd married off his sons to powerful chieftain's daughters whose lands bordered his tribes and taken his most powerful foes' woman as concubine after he'd slain him in single combat. 

That was all years ago, a generation had been born and raised while Dravo served as advisor to the young headsman, Tragon. He was old now and losing the clarity of eye and sureness afoot that were the mark of the young and able. He'd moved in with his nephew after his woman had died and he seemed to be fading more every day. He shuffled about the village smiling, patting children on the head and sunning himself in the plaza every day till Mossara, the headsman's wife led him back to the lodge. 

Vera wasn't surprised when Mossara had told her to go fetch the old man early one afternoon. 

After lunch Mossara had seized Vera's right hand and maneuvered her into the bed she shared with Tragon. She stroked her own face with Veras' hand, kissing the fingertips, licking the palm, tasting her, using that hand to stroke herself into wetness.......then she flipped around, positioning her muff in Vera's face and her mouth on Vera's muff, her tongue teasing Vera's clit...Vera was already wet and before long Mossara's tongue had her panting and wetter still.....

Later Mossaras voice broke the post-coital silence. " Big-Girl, the old man is in the plaza, lying in the sun."

"Ummmm", Vera answered. 

"Go get him but take him to the hot springs, carry him there, and bathe him. You'll do that while I make the meal?" 

"Yes, mistress, it will be my pleasure."

"Bathe him well, my girl, he stinks in the heat".

"As you wish." Vera kissed her mistress' pussy lips (tasting her musk), rose from the sleeping platform and wrapped a piece of spider-silk around her. 

She strolled to the plaza and found the old monkey dozing beneath a tree. His robe had come loose, exposing his leg, cock, and balls. She knelt next to him and secured his robe. He spoke without opening his eyes "It's a sad day when a woman isn't even curious about a warrior's spear." He smiled. 

"A slave woman should never be curious about a warrior of the bloods' spear, my lord."

"Never?"

"So I am told, my lord".

The old man snorted, the opened his eyes, blinked and regarded her with a dreamy expression. "Then I suppose it must be so. Has my nephews wife, the worthy Mossara sent you for me or did you seek me on your own?" He laughed out loud. 

"Lord Dravo, I'm to take you to the springs for a bath." 

He snorted, "So I stink, eh? Then help me to my feet, it's a long walk for an old man."

She pulled him to his feet quite easily and then turned around and knelt. 

"Climb onto my back, I'll carry you there."

"Such an offer, I'm honored." His eyes twinkled black.

Vera giggled in response and stood after he'd mounted her. He really was light for a monkey and she was a healthy specimen – nearly six imperial units tall and over a hundred-sixty in weight. 

He leaned forward, buried his face in her hair, and inhaled deeply. "Girl, you smell good."

"Thank you, my lord."

He leaned forward and cupped her breasts, squeezing the nipples between his fingers. She shuddered and inhaled sharply.

"To the springs." 

"Yes, my lord."

The path to the hot springs wound up the mountain and the view was magnificent. Each bend revealed breathtaking beauty. It was not lost on the old man. "Ah, what sights I would have witnessed had I been a unit taller." 

Vera laughed. 

He caressed her shoulders, licked some sweat from her neck, wrapped his legs tighter around her waist, and softly moaned. His tail circled her left thigh and stroked the soft flesh there. 

His monkey smell was strong. She liked the smell and taste of these creatures. As time went by and her memories returned in short segments, none were more arousing than what she was experiencing with these monkey folk. She enjoyed their touch and smell. She enjoyed fucking and sucking them even more. The beautiful mountain and jungle were a perfect backdrop for her sexual fantasies. 

Being used by these monkeyfolk was arousing in the extreme. 

Getting aroused now was a waste of time since the old man, while funny and interesting, was, after all, dying. Mossara had told her that he'd not had a hard-on in at least five years. Vera wondered how she knew about that. 

"Whoa, girl! You've passed the springs, where are you taking me? To the lava pit? Is it my time?"

"No my lord, I'm taking you to the warmer springs up past these rocks. Mossara says those are where you prefer to bathe."

"She's right, but if I ride you any longer I'll be able to boil water like a hot rock."

She laughed. "My lord Dravo does jest." She stopped and let him down. 

He opened his robe revealing a thick, purple-headed cock and asked, "Does this look like a jest?" 

The blind eye of his hardon held her spellbound and she whispered, "No, my lord Dravo, that is no jest.'"

He lifted her chin with his tail till he looked her in the eye. 

"Vera, slave-girl, do you know that it has been years since a woman has had this effect on me?" The tail curled around her neck and pulled her closer to the thick glistening head.

"No, my lord".

"Indeed.'

Indeed, she was as aroused as he was, more probably. Her cunt was wet and tingled with anticipation while it seemed that waves of heat were radiating from it throughout her body. He stared into her eyes with a slight smirk on his monkey face. She was nearly panting and her mind was filled with half formed images of previous sex and arousal. She couldn't think, this was not the time for rational thought. She needed to touch him and be touched in return. 

His tail began tracing a path around her forehead, down her cheek, following the throbbing blood vessels on her neck to slide between her breasts, across her stomach to the dark blond thatch above her sex. It touched the pussy lips briefly and then he brought it up to his face. The tip was glistening with her juices and he sniffed at it, never breaking eye contact with her. He tasted it and broke into a smile. 

"That is the tangiest pussy I've ever tasted or smelled. Girl, your pussy is a true treasure, no wonder my nephew has taken you for a fuckslave. Look what the smell of it has done to my spear!"

His cock was rockhard and thick, he blinked as he stroked it inches from her face. The head was pinkish/purple and a drop of fluid formed at the hole. His eyes rolled up and he stumbled, grabbing her with his free hand. 

He cried out: "Oh! What's this? I'm dizzy from all this heat, all this excitement!" 

She moved quickly as she could from the spell that imminent sex had put on her and eased him onto the bank next to her. 

"Thank you, girl, thank you. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing, much too old." 

He kissed her and said "Perhaps you should get me back to the lodge, put me to bed." 

She wrapped her hand around his cock saying, "It would be a shame to waste this my lord. I can do the work for you." She closed her eyes, straddled him and slid his thick tool into her wet, hot pussy gently easing down its length till she had him fully inside her. He gasped and shuddered with pleasure as she began to slowly pump and stroke his cock with her cunt. 

He hissed with pleasure as his cock became harder still, as she gripped him tighter with each slow, sensual thrust.

He began sucking her tit, working the other nipple as he did so. She moaned as he ravished her breasts, working him harder with each thrust. He threw his head back and started grunting and panting in time with her strokes.....

He cried out "Ayala!!!" when he came a few moments later. His orgasm sparked hers and she writhed out of control on his cock for longer than he could bear. 

"UH, UH, UH, UH, GIRL! GIRL! I'M DONE! DONE! UH! UH!" And then passed out. 

She lay there for a while, catching her breath, hoping that she could fuck him again, that was GREAT. She didn't care how old he was. It was good. 

She waded into the pool, rinsing herself off. A bird squawked high in the forest. 

She picked his limp body up and eased it into the warm spring. She washed him then, using soaproot from the shallows and soakleaves from the shore. 

She thought about how generous this land below the mountain was and how lucky these monkeyfolk were to live here. Life was good here, food was plentiful, and they lived in comfort. 

She helped him into his robe and put her silk-wrap on. She let him mount her and she carried him down the mountain to the lodge of her master. She let him down and Mossara hailed him as he entered the main room: "Honored one, we were growing worried for you, was your bathing satisfactory?"

"Yes, daughter, it was satisfactory and more." He winked at her and Tragon, sat at his appointed place as Elder of the Lodge, Vera by his side. He nodded his thanks at Bala, the house slave, as she placed a plate of food in front of him. He bit into a drumstick and announced:

"Tonight the girl Vera shall sleep in my quarters."

Mossara and Tragon stared at him, then at each other.

Dravo tucked into the onions and tubers with an appetite they'd never seen. He smiled and winked again. 

Vera was waiting for him when he came to bed. He kissed her long and hard while his hands, feet and tail explored her curves. She rubbed his skinny, furry back, shanks and butt. He gently stroked her pussy lips till she began to moan and pant. His tail stroked her asshole while he tongued her clit. She moaned, grunted and called out his name when she came. Later she asked:

"Lord Dravo".

"Mmmmm?"

"Please use me again tonight."

He chuckled and gathered her into his arms. "I will, girl, I most certainly will do that." 

They fell asleep in each other's arms. 

Just before daylight she felt him leave the bed. She rolled over a few minutes later and he was standing there beside her stroking himself while sniffing and licking the fingers he'd used on her earlier. His cock was growing thick as he tasted his fingers. She felt that special weakness tug at her as she watched him get fully hard. She took her right nipple between a thumb and forefinger as she stroked her muff. He stroked her ass, worked a finger into her asshole. She closed her eyes and began to moan when his cock, now thick and purple, touched her lips. 

The taste was thrilling, intoxicating. She licked it, kissed it, and took it completely into her mouth sucking as hard as she could. She wanted to taste his jizm, drain him into her mouth. He groaned with pleasure as she worked him harder and harder. She was hot and writhing in orgasm when he shot a hot load into her mouth. 

She was still panting when he began to lick her inner thighs up to her muff and tease her clit with his monkeytongue.... She came and came on his face. He shot load after load down her throat. 

They woke in time for the evening meal. As they ate Tragon and Mossara watched them without saying much. After eating he took her hand and led her back to the bedroom.

And so it went for the next few weeks: Lord Dravo cavorting with Vera the slave-girl, fucking and sucking her with shameless abandon in a culture that was itself shameless. Not that an old warrior rediscovering his lusty youth was unusual, not at all, many old men in this society engaged in excessive relations before they made that last lonely trip up the mountain. No, Dravo Asta was not unique, but he was blessed. 

Blessed that he could cavort, indeed, fuck and suck for weeks at time instead of the few days that old men normally could indulge before age took its inevitable toll. Blessed that he was strutting about the village, Vera in tow, patting the children's heads, a twinkle in his eye and a smile on his lips......