 The journey to the lake folk was uneventful which suited Dravo Asta just fine. The young men had voiced their thoughts early on to Dravo and he’d told them that there would be plenty of excitement and they’d best be ready for it when it happened.

“What kind of excitement, uncle?” Morolo had asked.

“If we knew then it wouldn’t be excitement, now would it?” He stopped walking. Balawa, Urolo and Wago also stopped and faced the older, muscular warrior. Wago was a hostage taken from a tribe living on the far northern shores of the Great Green Lake. They were peaceful for the most part but Dravo and later on Tragon had asserted their influence over them to ensure that they’d remain peaceful. 

Dravos’ gaze was steady as he looked at each one in turn. 

“Listen to me. When the time comes for action, follow the instructions that either myself or another warrior give you. Those aren’t toys that you’re bearing.”

He was referring to the short spears and knives issued to them just before departing the village. “And why are the tips limp?” His eyes sparkled as he barked the command. “Get them up! A limp spear is no good to any warrior!” 

The three spear heads snapped to attention from the dirt and they fell in behind Dravo as he jogged to catch up to the rest of the group. 

The journey to the Lake folks’ village followed the river and circled the lake to the far side where the river reformed to flow sedately to the sea. The village of the lake folk was on the southern hills fronting both the lake and the river. When the group was in sight of the lake but still in the steep foothills Dravo called a halt. 

“We’ll camp here. There’s some high ground and good vantage.” The other warriors nodded. “Paja, take three men and scout the perimeter.” 

He nodded to Caralassa who began preparations for the evening. She brought Vera with her as she joined the older man on the high ground. 

“You are worried about the hill raiders?” she asked. 

“Not at all. They’ll make their presence known, be sure of that,” he snorted, “they may not show themselves, but they will be around.” 

A pair of warriors approached the three from a copse of trees. Asawa the Lean and Roga Melahanna had been scouting for the group. They carried no spears but had crossbows slung on their backs and knives on their belts. They each wore only a loincloth. Roga said “They’re out there, no doubt. We couldn’t get close to them but I think there were about five, six at the most.”

Dravo turned to Asawa, “You agree?” 

Asawa, a hostage from Dravos’ last war in the east nodded. “Yeah, no women’s tracks which would mean that they’re on a hunting party, so they’re up to no good.” Asawa the Lean was now a warrior of the Blood, a full member of the tribe.

Dravo replied “They’re never up to any good as far as I’m concerned.”

Both men chuckled at Dravos’ assessment. 

Dravo said to Vera. “These two are going to wash, eat and rest. See to their needs.” He winked.

Vera bowed slightly, “Yes my lord.”

Asawa led the way down river from the beach where Caralassa was supervising the meal preparation. When they reached a secluded spot the men relieved themselves of the weapons and loincloths. They both waded into the swift current splashing themselves and washing with soaproot that Vera’d provided. As they scrubbed with the fragrant root Vera gathered some spongeleaves. 

She helped them dry off and they took off her halter and wrapskirt. 

Asawa cupped her breasts in his hands hefting and stroking their firm curves. His tail was curled around her right leg, the tip stroking her back thigh.

Roga was caressing her thighs and butt. She gasped as his tail slid along her clit. She gripped Asawas’ head as he began to suck her tit. Roga took the other and gently bit her nipple. She was fingering his asshole. Roga’s cock was already thick and a drop of moisture glistened at the tip. Both monkey men were sucking and licking her nipples. She groaned with pleasure and strained at their touch. 

She knelt and took both cocks in her hands. She rubbed the heads together as she kissed and licked them. She closed her eyes and savored the taste of both cocks at the same time. She became aware of another person joining them, a woman caressing Roga. It was Caralassa licking and nibbling at Roga’s nipples. Her tail wrapped itself around around Roga’s and removed it from Vera’s cunt. She kissed and licked her way down Roga’s body to Vera. Her tongue teased Vera’s cunt. Vera increased the intensity of the licking and sucking of the hard cocks. Caralassa was now wrapped around Vera’s leg humping her big toe which Vera slipped into Caralassa’s hot slit. She tongued and sucked Vera’s clit with a vengeance harder and harder till Vera was ready to come. Just when Vera felt the waves of lust pulling her into mindless abandon, the monkeywoman’s efforts eased and Vera worked and sucked the monkeymen’s cocks till they spurted loads into her mouth, onto her face and hair. Before she could savor the taste of the cum Caralassa's tongue took her out to sea. She came and came. 

She woke in the monkeywoman’s arms. The men were gone. The smaller woman was nestled on top of her with her head between Vera’s breasts. Caralassa yawned and stretched. She kissed Vera’s tit and said:

“Let’s get something to eat and some more sleep before morning.”

She kissed Vera’s mouth, sucking on her tongue, rubbing on her clit, massaging her nipples. Vera surrendered when Caralassa’s mouth closed over her nipple.

Vera thought, “Maybe we won’t get something to eat, after all.”

She let the monkeywoman work her body into a tense arch until the pleasure robbed her of freedom and dignity. Caralassa guided the larger woman’s body through orgasm after mindless orgasm.

Urolo woke the women later that night. 

“Dravo said to get back to camp. It’s not safe here.”

Vera wondered as she entered the camp if Dravo wanted to fuck her. The walk had revived her and she was ready if her master wanted to have sex. Caralassa found some food, meat and roots wrapped in leaves, lying in warm coals. She took one and handed another to Vera. Caralassa paused between bites and gestured to Dravo’s tent.

“Listen to him snore! He’s done for the night! I wonder who fucked him to sleep?” She looked around the sleeping camp and laughed softly, “We’ll have to wait till morning to find out. Why don’t you join me?”

“To sleep?” Vera asked.

Caralassa hugged her and nuzzled her neck. “Salema might be asleep. Do you mind just cuddling up and sleeping?”

“No, that would be fine.”

“Good, tomorrow is a long day. Dravo will want to reach to the Great Lake.”

Vera kissed her and finished eating. 

Salema was asleep in Caralassa’s tent when they entered, one by one, to lie together on the other sleeping mat. It wasn’t long before Caralassa placed a hand on Vera’s breast. Her finger traced a slow sensuous circle on the aureole. Vera’s finger found Caralassa’s slit and stroked her. She felt the monkeywoman tense as she touched her clit.

Caralassa licked her ear and whispered: “You smell and taste amazing, I can’t resist. I’m going to lick you all over.”

She licked Vera’s ear again and then licked and kissed down her neck, to her tits, and down the middle of her stomach. Vera had to quit fingering Caralassa when her pussy got out of reach so she stroked the monkeywoman’s face and nipples. Caralassa reached Vera’s bush, inhaled the fragrance deeply, and sensuously licked the lips of her cunt. Her fingers were exploring Vera’s ass. Vera was panting softly. Caralassa’s licks became more rhythmic and she paused occassionally to poke Vera’s clit. Vera gasped and writhed with pleasure. “This monkey sure likes to eat pussy,” she thought. 

The licking continued and the sensation of pleasure spread like waves from her cunt outward. She was truly enjoying this monkeywoman. Caralassa was humping her foot again trying to slip Vera’s big toe into her cunt.

With all pretense at being quiet gone, Vera lost control. She seized Caralassa’s nipples and vigorously stroked them. Caralassa’s ass was writhing as her cunt gripped Vera’s toe tighter. Her tongue was continuing the attack on Vera’s clitoris and a finger was fucking Vera’s ass. Vera grunted, tensed, and bucked to a wild mutual orgasm with Caralassa.