 Meanwhile downriver Urolo Caralassa watched Vera's backside as she washed clothes and spread them on flat rocks to dry. He whispered to his friend, Balawa Sessale:

"She sucked and fingered me silly one afternoon not so long ago."

Balawa whispered a reply: "She's been fucking your great uncle silly for the past month. I watched them just the other day. She's so wild and nasty. Do you think she'll fuck us both at the same time?"

Urolo had reached under his loincloth and was stroking himself. "She's a slave, she really doesn't have a choice....I've seen her do three or four men and women at a time around the bonfire.....Come on, she's nearly done."

He stepped out into the water and called to her: "Vera! Hello!" Balawa smiled and waved. "Come here, girl, come over here."

She waded over to the beach with the empty basket. She wore a leather halter and a skin wrapped around her thighs. Her curves were generous and firm. Her long dark blond hair shone in the sunlight. She set the basket down and asked Urolo, "Is it time for a break?" And smirked. 

He was still stoking himself, his nostrils were flared and his tail twitching in anticipation. Balawa's eyes were wide and round, he held his tail in his right hand, the end writhing like worm.

Urolo took her hand and led her over to a mat lying in the shade. "See, you can rest here."

"Why thank you, Urolo, you are kind." She undid the knot between her breasts, removed the halter and revealed her firm, round breasts, much larger than any monkey womans' tits. Her aureoles were a dark brown, well defined and contrasted with her fair skin. The nipples were swollen and nearly an inch long. She was altogether alien and foreign to these folk. 

There were humans on this continent but they occupied the lands beyond the Blue Mountains, near the Southern Sea. Contact with humans was rare; indeed, Vera was the first one that most of the tribe had ever seen.

"Balawa, would you help me with this please?" Vera handed the halter to him. He dropped it beside him, never taking his eyes from her body. She unwrapped the skirt, handed it to Urolo, stretched her luscious self out on the mat, closing her eyes. 

She undulated slowly and sensuously as they watched, captivated. Balawa's cock was already as hard as Urolos. She sat up and took a cock in each hand, stroking them slowly. Urolo closed his eyes and leaned his head back, a groan starting deep in his chest. Balawa was already sweating and panting. Vera pulled their cocks close to her face, inhaling their fragrance. She kissed Balawa's cock, licked it gently while rubbing Urolos on her face. The monkeymen's tails were as busy as their hands stroking and touching her all over. Each monkeyman had a breast in hand stroking and kneading her nipples. 

"Ummmmmmmmmm" she said, "delicious...." She was getting very aroused. Soon she'd need to have some action on her clit. 

She switched cocks licking Urolos' as she rubbed Balawas' on her face. She enjoyed the taste of the sweat and precum. This was going to be good. 

Her efforts soon had them moaning and panting. She said to them "I want you both to cum in my mouth, and fuck me with your tails."

Balawa used his to stroke her cunt a few times then found the slit and entered her. She gasped and squeezed their cocks even harder. Urolo had been stroking her butt with his tail so he began teasing her asshole with it. 

"Yes', she panted, "that's the way."

He slid his tail up her ass and began matching the strokes Balawa was using on her cunt.

"Ahhhhh, that's sooooo goood," she moaned. She put Balawas cock into her mouth along with Urolos and began fucking them with her mouth, stroking them slowly and sucking them with an amazing intensity. She'd been stroking each one's balls but now was fingering their assholes. They were panting and grunting as her mouth and fingers urged them into a wild mindless orgasm..... 

Balawa cried out as he came again and again. She poked her finger deep up his ass, then did the same to Urolo who began grunting and cumming. 

She continued to suck them till there was no more cum in or on their cocks. Balawa collapsed beside her on the mat. His eyes were crossed and glassy. Urolo knelt and kissed her forehead, eyes, and nose. 

He wiped some cum from her cheek and she sucked it from his finger as she also removed the tails from her ass and cunt. He lay back on the mat and said: "That was wonderful, Vera. Thank you, thank you, thank you."

Balawa stirred, "I love you slave girl, I really do." 

She leaned over him and kissed him using her tongue in that unique way she had. He didn't even mind the taste of cum in her mouth. 

"How can you love me if all you've had is my mouth?" She asked.

She looked down at both of them and laughed. "There is more, much more to me that you fellows need to discover. You've got me hot and wet and I need some good fucking from those thick, hard monkey dicks."

They didn't understand the Galactic standard she'd used for the word 'monkey' but they got the idea very quickly. Balawa started rubbing his cock and balls.

Urolo said "I don't know how I'm going to get hard after that."

Vera reached for him and smiled, "I'm sure that I can think of something or some way to get you hard." He was still half hard from her mouthfuck. She coaxed him to his feet and Balawa as well. 

She stroked both of them leaning over and licking the thick purple heads of their cocks as she firmly but gently urged them to a full erection. She leaned under Urolo's cock and sucked on his balls. After sucking them clean, she did the same for Balawa's balls. She pulled the hard cocks within an inch of her mouth. She had one in each hand as she began to rub the slick, purple heads together. Balawa gasped and Urolo tried to pull away but she kept them together. She licked them both as she rubbed the heads with more vigor and rhythm. Urolo stroked his own nipples and Balawa began a ragged pant.

She stopped and got down on all fours to present herself to them. Her ass and cunt were exposed and vulnerable. Urolo used his tool to rub her asshole, Balawa worked on her cunt. They were facing each other over her upthrust ass and their thick cocks slid easily into her holes. 

"Uhhhhh, that's good," she moaned, "fuck me, studs, fuck me hard!" 

And they did, pumping her with cocks so hard and swollen that they seemed to belong to someone else.

They pumped her harder and faster till she cried out in orgasm:

"Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, Uh!, UUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!"

They shot their wads at the same time into her hot, throbbing cunt and ass. She was involuntarily spasming during the orgasms that lasted much too long. They shot load after hot load of cum into her grunting and groaning the while. After minutes of this they collapsed on top of her, panting and shuddering in post-orgasmic ecstacy........

In the jungle across the river from athletic display Tragon Asta turned to his uncle and closest advisor, Dravo Asta and said, "Perhaps you ought to take those two along with you to entertain her while you make yourself available to Estella."

The old monkey shrugged and snorted, "Why not? Two more cocks for her to drain."