 One afternoon she was with a foraging party following a stream up the mountain. The children of the group were primarily engaged in picking several varieties of fruit from the small groves they passed through. The women and slaves were netting fish and some shelled animal that looked like a four-legged crab. She was teamed with one of the younger men, Urolo, who would stalk and seize a crab, bind its razor claw, and toss it to her to stow in a sack. They waded slowly upstream away from the group as they gathered what would be a meal for the tribe. 

Urolo was quite a good crab-catcher and not really mindful of the slave-tether that Vera wore. More than once she was nearly tugged off her feet as the monkey-man pounced on his prey. He finally turned to her and said "Let's take a break, there are plenty of ustohs for tonight." 

He led her to a beach where he took off his loincloth and untied her tether. As he sat on a large rock he pulled her down to her knees facing him. 

Kneeling, she was eye to eye with him. She towered over the monkey folk who'd rescued her when she crashed the lifepod into the jungle weeks or was it months ago?

He was touching her face now and stroking her ears and neck. She began touching his toes and massaging his feet. With his other hand he was gripping his cock that was hardening and emerging from its sheath. His tail was teasing her, moving over her tits, legs, back and ass.

He'd moved her face to within an inch of his hard-on. It was a smooth, dark brown shaft with a purplish head, and had an earthy, musky smell. She closed her eyes and inhaled its aroma. 

His fingers had worked their way down to her breasts and were teasing her nipples fully erect. She wondered if he'd been watching the older men when they held the near nightly fuckfest near the village. Around a fire the men and some women would use the slaves and some willing villagers for pleasure. As a human slave she was quite a favorite. Three or four of the monkeyfolk a night were not unusual. She enjoyed the attention even if it sort of wore her out. 

"Lick me," he instructed, "stroke my cock". She did as she squeezed his cock really hard. She stroked his balls with her other hand and fingered his asshole. He was starting to breathe harder as she took him deeper into her mouth sucking his cock and tonguing the thick, fleshy head. He grunted, then panted as she worked a finger up his ass, making him harder and bigger than he'd ever been. 

He continued to grunt as his body tensed and he grabbed her head pumping his cock as deep as he could into her mouth. She sucked him harder and jammed another finger as deep as it would go up his ass. 

He shuddered and came, shooting a hot wad down her throat while his body flexed and thrust involuntarily to her stimulus. And again. She sucked him dry using her tongue and fingers to drain his cock. These monkey cocks weren't big but they were thick enough to keep her entertained, that was for sure. She stood then and gazed at the mountain. Its beauty and majesty were breathtaking. 

She studied it as she licked some cum from her hand and then sniffed the fingers that she'd rimmed him with. Each monkey had its own unique smell. She found that quite interesting and arousing.

Urolo was still outstretched and panting on the rock. His eyes were open and unfocused. He wouldn't be ready for another round for a while. She snorted and walked down toward the water, might as well clean up while she had the chance. 

She found some soaproot in the stagnant shallows and uprooted a small plant. She used this to wash her hands, face and hair first. She rinsed under a small waterfall and marveled again at the sheer beauty of the mountain and the jungle surrounding it. 

She climbed a flat rock to dry and noticed something in the jungle across the creek. She jumped into the sand and crossed in the shallows making her way to what she could now see was the curved hull of an aircraft. 

No, it was a spacecraft, her lifepod to be exact. She stared at the wreck – a healthy growth of vines had wrapped it and remembered what she could of the crash. Not much beyond the stark terror she'd felt when awakened by the computer sounding a proximity alarm for the reentry sequence. How long had she been drifting in space after her ship, rather her bosses ship, encountered pirates when reentering normal space from the wormhole connecting this as yet uncharted system with the Galactic Empire? How long had she been in the jungle before the monkey people had found her? How long had she been here? Weeks? Months? Where was she? Was anyone looking for her? Did anyone know that she was missing? Or alive? Which one of the three M-Class planets had the pod landed on? She could remember her name and had some memory of her past but so much was unclear and uncertain. She had more questions than answers.

She walked and climbed around the wreck and saw the open chamber, no door in sight. Something scrambled for cover when she looked inside. 

"Running away, are you, big girl?"

Startled, she whirled to face the speaker, Mossara, who was Urolo's aunt. She had a smirk on her monkey-face and laughed at Vera's reaction. 

"Surprised you, eh?" She laughed again and climbed up the pods ladder to join Vera at the doorway. She wasn't as tall as Urolo and could stand under Vera's ample tits without touching them. The adult males were only a head taller than the females and the adolescent boys. Her tail twitched in amusement.

"I know you weren't running away, I was keeping an eye on that rascal Urolo, he's usually up to no good. But you had a little fun, eh?" She winked and put an arm around Vera's thigh, leaning on the hull of the lifepod as she did so. 

"I'd nearly forgotten about this thing you came in." She then said something that Vera didn't understand. Vera had only been learning their language for a short time. 

At Vera's puzzled expression she smiled and said: "I'll explain it all to you later."

"Now, we need to get back and prepare the meal." She patted Vera's butt and teased Vera's nipple with the tip of her tail. "We'll have some more fun tonight."

The monkey woman thought to herself, "she smells so good we might have have some fun right now."