 Roga was missing when Dravo woke. He drank and ate as he scanned the surrounding jungle. He spotted Roga when the younger warrior was nearly at the base of the tree. Damn, the boy was good! He should be, Dravo had trained him! Roga scaled the tree and was soon lying beside Dravo in their bed-nest. 

"Are we well concealed? We are quite high, after all."

"We are fully concealed, Lord Dravo. You've taught me well! I know how to pick a surveillance point! I know how to scout. Asawa and I are the best." He looked pensive. "I hope Asawa is all right. I hope everyone is all right!"

Dravo touched the younger man's face. "They are just fine, no need to worry about them, if you must worry, worry about us and our chances!" Roga was nervous and afraid. Fear and anxiety were natural before action . Dravo wrapped his arms around Roga, drew him close. He kissed the younger man's cheek. Roga closed his eyes and sighed. Dravos' needs and preferences tended toward females but during long campaigns and near-death experiences it was only natural to seek solace with another warm body. He nuzzled Roga and slid his hand under Rogas' loin cloth. Dravo wasn't surprised that the young scout was already hard as a boga-nut! He stroked him slowly and thought of Vera, his hot human slut! Roga moaned and took Dravo into his mouth, sucking him gently. It wasn't long before they were licking jizz from the other's fur.....

They took another short nap, woke, exchanged pleasantries, ate the remaining trail food, and waited for nightfall. As the home volcano smoked steadily in the distance and the sun set behind the haze, they left the nest and made their way to the summit of the redoubt. They were able to find a shit vent and a cook hole without being detected but not by much! Davamas' men were disciplined and methodical, if not intuitive. The climb through the patrolled areas and up to the summit was more challenging than Dravo imagined. That upstart pup had learned more from him than even Dravo cared to admit! 

Regardless, Roga and Dravo were at the entrance of a shit vent when the lesser moon -- Vahamma (the lesser moon) made it's nightly debut. 

"Lord, you should enter the lair here while I use yonder cook vent. We know that there will be someone using the chimney, but not if there is anyone using the shitter! Besides, if there is, they aren't likely to hang around."

Dravo wet a cloth and wrapped it around his nose and mouth. "No, not likely, and I think that I'll survive the smell. Hell, I've climbed up shit holes to attack! This will be easy." His eyes glittered with amusement as he climbed into the vent. Dravo hoped that it would be easy! Whatever, it never hurt to show some bravado. Roga tiptoed over to the cook vent and made his way into the redoubt.

When Nalla finished ravishing Vera she left, instructing the guards to have their way with her, but also to clean her up prior to the evening's festivities! They caressed and stroked her, fucked her ass, mouth, and cunt until they fell asleep beside and on top of her. Vera smiled at their ignorance. If she'd wanted to or had to kill them, she could have done so very easily. They placed too much trust in the leather strips which worked fine on normal folk who did not possess 'initiate combat protocol' nor 'initiate situational awareness' as part of themselves. She could free herself at any time and wreak havoc -- when she chose. She would choose soon. First she had to get some idea of how many of them there were and where Salema was. She was here to rescue her. Dravo would be coming, she was sure. Vera hoped that it would be soon -- with his help and her 'initiate combat protocol' they would take care of this Davama and his followers. 

She slept. Someone woke her, a guard, and he was offering her fruit and some roots. She sat up and he fed her. She drank from a bowl of water held to her lips. Her hands and feet were still bound, they obviously respected what she'd done last night. She felt better and slept some more. When she woke a guard tied some leather strips to her ankles to make a shackle. They helped her to her feet, removed the remains of her loin cloth and halter, and undid the other bindings on her feet. These new straps allowed her to take short steps. Under heavy guard, they escorted her down a short tunnel to a chamber that was used for pissing and shitting. She sat on a smooth rock and relieved herself. When she was finished, a couple of large gourds filled with water were used to wash the excrement down the shit vent. On the other side of the chamber there was a waterfall. She stood under it and three monkeywomen used soaproot to scrub her all over. The water, warmed by a volcanic vent (the whole redoubt had a sulfuric tinge), was nearly hot and quite refreshing. They touched her tentatively with their small hands and one, bolder than the other two, pinched her nipple. It stiffened and swelled. Vera smiled at her as the monkeywoman rolled it in her fingers. The monkeywoman stepped forward and sucked on the other nipple as the others tittered and the guards joked about pulling a groupfuck on her. Vera leaned into the wall and closed her eyes as the woman sucked harder tonguing the nipple. That and the warm water flowing over them was making her very wet. 

One of the other women got between her legs and tasted her pussy lips, flicking at her clit! She moaned. A spear clattered to the floor, then another as a dozen hands joined in squeezing, stroking, kneading and poking her. Lips and tongues worked her over and pulled her down. They were all over her with pricks, tongues, hands and tails! She was being gangfucked by these monkeyfolk! One of the older males was fucking her mouth to the delight of at least one female who urged him to "shoot it down her throat!" Vera was enjoying being ravaged by horny monkeyfolk working her into a sexual frenzy -- after all; it wasn't the first time! Well, it was the first time she'd been bound hand and foot but that only added to the spice! Waves of pleasure took her out to sea and she surrendered to the gangbang! She came and came with cocks in her mouth and a tongue in her cunt that made her quiver and spasm! She bucked a couple of them off as she came and came some more. The two cocks mouthfucking her shot spurt after tasty spurt into Veras' mouth and down her throat! This was amazing! 

They rolled her over onto her stomach and a different male stuck a stiff one in her mouth while another poked his cock up her ass. The warm water splashed them as they enjoyed this dangerous creature! The taste and feel of her had sparked this impromptu orgy in the shower chamber. Several couples and triples had moved off; some watching the action under the waterfall; others were engaged in all manner of sexual congress. A torch guttered and flickered.

Nalla took in the scene from the hall. A smirk played at her lips as she turned to her guards: "When they've finished, have them wash her; again; then bring her to the throne room. Lord Davama wants his turn with the furless one." She winked at them and left to finish the preparations for this evening's entertainment. 

Wedged between two rocks in the ceiling above them Dravo had watched the washing and orgy, taking care not to attract attention as he exited the vent. He'd been descending the shaft when a ripe, tangy, very familiar aroma touched his nostrils. Vera was in the chamber below! Despite his concern at her predicament -- gangfucked by the hill raiders, he was relieved that she was still alive and very hopeful that Salema was too. Vera would have perished before she saw the girl come to harm. This confirmed what he suspected about the abduction: Davama had planned this for some time; meaning there was a spy -- a matter that would have to be dealt with later; and was going to use the girl as a bargaining tool. That piece of dung, Davama, was proving to be a cunning and worthy adversary. Tragon, his headsman nephew was going to have to deal with this lizard turd -- either as a headsman or as a thug (Dravo preferred the latter). 

Davama had been one of Dravo's senior lieutenants during Dravos early reign as ruler of the mountain monkeytribe that Tragon now led. He'd been sent to discipline the hill raiders, force them back into the hills and away from the trade route that Dravo had established. Regular trade with the lowlands was another innovation Dravo had used to enhance his people's prosperity and influence. 

Davama'd disciplined them all right; he'd far exceeded his authority and launched a raid on their home caves. This action resulted in the death of the headsman, Mashama, and Davama assuming the title of headsman from the ancient clan rule of combat. He'd kept a single trooper who pledged loyalty to him and sent the rest back to report to Dravo. 

Dravo summoned a company of warriors and marched directly to the hill tribe's home caves to subdue Davama. The cocky bastard had taken Mashama's woman, Haema, as his own and established his authority among the hill folk. When he arrived, Davama offered to parlay. Dravo nearly refused but decided to meet with the rebellious lieutenant in full view of the hill folk so that they would understand what was happening. 

Dravo offered to spare Davamas life if he surrendered his sword and left the hill folk to sort this out among themselves. The woman intervened and told Dravo that Davama was the headsman by the ancient clan rite of combat and that she was Davamas by the same rite. "I'm his, and that's the way of it." 

Dravo didn't look at her; instead, he looked into the faces of the ignorant hill tribesmen and women. They were behind Davama, that much was clear. Dravo would have to slaughter every one of them to assert his will. He made a decision to spare those lives and Davama. He saw no advantage in slaughtering these simple folk to make a point they couldn't grasp. He recognized Davamas' right to reign (although he pointed out that since he'd previously pledged fealty to himself and was deployed on his, Dravos, orders, Davama could hardly claim to be acting independently.)

So, with the understanding that Davama and his subjects, the hill tribes, would honor the trade route; Dravo agreed to withdraw. 

The agreement didn't last a month. The hill folk regularly raided the caravans that made the trek to the mountain folk. Most times they were a nuisance, nothing more; but the events of the past two days had convinced him that he needed to deal once and for all with Davama. Duty and honor demanded it! If there were any decision that he regretted more than letting Davama live -- he couldn't think of it! What a mess he'd left for his nephew! 

The woman Nalla was now his mate since Haema had passed. She was the daughter of Haema and Mashama, the natural princess of this tribe. He'd heard that Davama had taken her as his mate. What a piece of work she was, fucking the man who'd killed her father and taken her mother as spoils of war! Perhaps, Dravo mused; the little turd had justified his actions by believing that he was acting on the hill folk's behalf. A good leader always believed he was acting for the greater good. That didn't, he thought, make it true.

Lord Davama, that scum now called himself! Dravo fumed as he crouched in the vent. "I'll teach him about being a 'Lord' -- damned if I don't!"