 One magic moment folded into another while Estella lay with Dravo listening to sounds of the night and the river flowing swiftly below. She caressed his chest and watched the starry skies. She remembered similar times with her beloved Proko, lying together after a sweaty tryst. Estella was savoring this time with this man. She was making plans for their future. She hoped that he'd be agreeable to her proposal. When he woke she'd fuck him like she did when she was a teenager and he was the fierce, proud, young headsman of the High Valley Clan! Thinking about those wild nights so long ago made her wet. She bit his nipple lightly, might as well wake him now.

Dravo was watching as the nearby hills took on a rosy tinge. Dawn wasn't far off and the trek to Estella's domain would continue. He was as anxious as she to be out of this hostile domain. He felt good but not particularly rested. He'd be ready to hit the trail but fucking all night was poor preparation for action. Hopefully, there'd be no excitement or surprises.

"Dravo, have you given any thought about what the future holds?" Estella was fully awake and looking at him. 

"Do you mean in the next few hours?"

She poked his ribs, "No, I mean in the coming years!"

"I would prefer to survive the next few hours first and worry about the 'coming' years when and if I survive." He smiled.

"If you haven't given any thought about what you'll be doing in the next few years then you'd be a poor leader and a fool. You are neither."

"It appears to me, my good Lady Estella, that you've given enough thought about my next few years for both of us!"

"What if I have?"

"I would most grateful if you informed me about the role I'm assigned in these 'plans'."

She was silent. Dravo began to wonder about what she had to say. He said: "Unless, of course, I'm not part of those plans, and this past evenings pleasures shall be useless labor."

She snorted: "The present is past and the future is now. Is that not how the seers tell it? Your 'labors' are past and your fatigue is now!" 

"My lady, do you imply that our recent couplings mean naught to you? Am I merely one of your passing fancies? Just an evening of lust and sweat to be forgotten in the first dawn's light?" He snickered. 

She turned his face to hers and spoke softly: "Dravo, last night meant more to me than you can ever guess. Your caresses touched my body and moved my soul! No one since my Lord Proko has ever taken me to the passionate places we visited last night! I well and truly enjoyed myself and you yestereve!"

Dravo snuggled her closer, saying: "Well, now that's been settled perhaps we can have a repeat performance! I am more that ready to sail your ship to those exotic places and some where you haven't been. You rather inspire me in that regard!" He rolled on top of her and smiled: "I've been known to be quite inspirational in my own fashion!" 

Her face was calm and neutral, her eyes shone. "Let me finish explaining 'our next few years', yes?"

"All right." He was more than a little puzzled. He thought that he'd figured this one out. 

He'd better listen carefully.

She began: "No one in the history of the Clans is more highly regarded than yourself; you've brought peace and trade throughout the land and not only the Clans that you influence. You've dealt with the lowlanders beyond the lake when they tried to conquer the Lake Clans. Even the Desert and High Mountain Folk are better off because of your influence!"

Dravo snorted: "Only by sheer chance and luck, my lady, I can assure you!"

"Let me finish," she poked him, "thank you. You are a legend among our people, Dravo, whether you like it or not. You have a deep and abiding legacy from the years you ruled for your brother's son, Tragon. You set a good example and he is a fine leader. Our lands and peoples will prosper and flourish under his guidance."

"Is there a point to all this, or are you going to compliment me to death? Oww!" She'd poked him again, harder.

"My point is Lord Dravo Asta, that your rebirth or rejuvenation is a fact and while it is wonderful for you, it presents quite a problem for all the Clan leaders, Tragon and myself in particular. You didn't die and from the looks of things, you're going to be around for a good while. You have too much prestige and no inclination to be sitting around a village, reminiscing. You're too virile to be womanless and too wise to waste. You're not about to spend your days planting your seed between every set of fertile and willing loins in the realm!"

He chuckled, "There are worse fates for an old warrior, be sure of that!"

She replied, "Without a responsible parent or the familial ties of marriage spreading the seed is a useless and irresponsible endeavor. I know you agree, that was one of your guiding principles. It has helped bring the peace and prosperity that we enjoy today." 

She continued: "Dravo, you need to lead a Clan or Clans. You can't take the High Valley, Low Valley and Low Mountain Clans back from Tragon. The River Clans are well ruled by your sons. You could lead a force and conquer the Desert or the High Mountain Clans or both. With the Vera woman at your side I have no doubt that you could accomplish this but you are not of the Desert Clan and the High Mountain folk hate you as much as they fear you. My proposal is that you agree to marry my daughter, Amalla, headwoman of the East Lake Clan."

Dravo blinked but said nothing. 

She laughed. "The great Lord Dravo Asto is speechless!" She rolled up and over onto his chest, nipple to nipple. "Her man, Nuvamma, was slain a moon cycle ago during a masa hunt. We had just finished his burial when I left to meet your caravan at Suraballas village." She got a faraway look in her eyes and sighed. "He was brave and strong but a bit thick for a headman; not a true leader. Only a true leader can assume the mantle of my realm. It needs to grow with guidance and wisdom in the coming years. Amalla needs a good man as well as a true leader to partner with when she takes over my title." 

Dravo stared at her silently. 

Estella continued: "I have complete faith in her ability and judgement. She'll be a good, perhaps a great leader." She sighed heavily. "But I would spare her the frustration and distraction of searching for another mate, even if it means that I would have to forgo a relationship with a man such as yourself." 

"You assume that she'll have me for a mate."

"I assume nothing! She and I spent the better part of two years searching for a suitable husband. She would be honored, no, thrilled, to be Dravo Asta's mate. Any woman in the realm would be proud to bear your children! Know this, my good Lord of the Blood: If I were of childbearing years, I would not be offering my daughter and throne; I would be making you my own." She grinned suggestively and said: "Perhaps you and I would enjoy a tryst from time to time. Especially when she is heavy with child and not inclined to fuck you dry." 

"You would be my concubine?"

"You can have as many as you'd like, you know that."

"You're being quite generous in your 'old age'.

She responded by licking his nipple and rubbing her pussy on his shaft. "Generosity has limits that my hot cunt does not." She kissed him and continued to hump his cock. Her hot cunt was wet as well. He felt the delicious tang of arousal flooding his senses.