 Estella and her warriors hosted Dravo's party that evening on a bluff overlooking the river. Fish were netted and roasted on sticks along with some small meaty lizards caught while sunning along the riverbank. Tubers and fruit wrapped in leaves completed the meal. The feast was quite low key as there was the possibility – however remote – that Davama's people and the remaining desert warriors would try to pursue Estella's troop. 

The surviving hill folk and desert folk had numbers but no organization or leadership; besides, they'd witnessed the 'demons', Vera and Dravo, in action. They would have no will to pursue that sort of power much less to attack. Estella had witnessed Vera's speed and strength at the waterfall. Nonetheless, she posted sentries in two shifts. The warriors grumbled about it, but by the shaking gods, when did they ever enjoy standing watch? They were in enemy territory after all. Estella spoke sharply to Makalla, the lead warrior, about the necessity of vigilance: "If I so much as smell those filthy cave dwellers, I will personally castrate the watch!" Her eyes blazed, her nostrils flared above her rich, full lips; she swept her gaze over the assembly. "Am I understood, Makalla?"

"Yes, m'lady." He turned and set to assigning the watch.

Dravo joined her and quietly said: "Well done, Headwoman; by issuing the obvious orders you've lifted the burden of resentment from Makalla's shoulders and focused the ire of the rank and file to your fine self." He winked.

"I'm glad you approve." She smirked back clearly not giving a damn if he did or not. "Will you join me for a meal?"

"I would be honored." He followed her to the fire, accepted a portion from the cook, and sat next to her. As they ate, the warriors finished their final preparations for the night. Vera ate with Salema and her guards. Dravo finished, excused himself, and inspected the perimeter. When he was satisfied he rejoined Estella. Salema and Vera had already joined her. She was speaking to Salema.

"We'll have a proper welcome feast for you and Lord Dravo when we get to Suballa's village." She smiled. "And another when we reach mine. Of course you both will be sharing the festivities with Vera and Roga." She turned to Dravo. "Where are Roga and Asawa?"

"I sent Roga to scout the trail ahead and Asawa to check behind us. Davama was no fool, if any of his lieutenants survived they'll be leading a force to harass us after they've restored order. This is their domain." 

Estella nodded. "They were quite panicked and beaten when we arrived. There is always a chance that they could regroup and follow. Thank you for sending them."

"You're quite welcome, but besides protecting Salema, I would like to keep my trophies between my legs." He laughed and winked. 

The masa were being skinned and wrapped for the tanner. Estella had assured Vera that a garment would be fashioned for her from the masa skin of her choice or both. She had slain both beasts and thus the honor was hers. Vera had asked Dravo about the custom regarding the disposition of masa kills. The huge felines were held in high regard by the monkey folk. Slaying a masa brought great honor to the slayer and his tribe. Dravo explained that bestowing masa skins, skulls or other body parts were an honor. She should consider carefully those whom she would honor with a trophy. She agreed to think about it and discuss her choices with Dravo. 

Salema retired to a tent with her guards. Three warriors were doing a mating dance with Vera. Estella put her hand on Dravo's thigh and spoke: 

"She's going to be quite the novelty for a while."

"At least for the night." Dravo agreed. "When Urolo gets off watch he'll want to drain his cock in her mouth. He fucked her every chance he got, not that I blame him, she is a woman of many talents." 

She snorted: "You have a talent for understatement! Dravo, that performance at the waterfall was the stuff of legends! I figured that your surprise attack had unnerved those hill folk enough to spout those tales of a giant goddess who could slay a man with a single blow. But 'the eyes don't lie' – I believe every word now. She is like nothing I have ever seen! I'm surprised those hill folk didn't keep running back to their main village!"

"Nor I, Lady. There is much we don't know about her." Taking her hand, Dravo stood. "There is much I would like to learn about you, Estella. You would honor me greatly with your self in my bedroll." He gestured at Vera and the now four warriors who were dancing in the firelight. "I think my concubine will be suitably entertained this evening." The Greater moon was nearly at the top of the starry sky. The river crashed and thundered below the bluff. It was a beautiful night. 

Estella smiled. "Was there any doubt in your mind that I would find a path to your bed?"

Dravo pulled her close and kissed her deeply. "A Lord of the blood never takes anything for granted, least of all the affections of a Lady. You're not a common whore!"

Her eyes sparkled, she whispered: "Lord Dravo, it's been a few years but you'll find that I'm still a very uncommon whore!" Dravo rolled his eyes and took her hand. They strolled out to the perimeter of the camp and spread their blankets on the ground. A falka bird hooted in the night. Lizards croaked and wheezed their night songs. Across the campground Vera was being caressed by three of the monkey warriors. Two others watched and stroked their cocks. Estella watched them for a few minutes with her arm around Dravo. She turned to him and said: "The human woman has a lusty appetite to complement her speed and strength. How does a warrior of the blood satisfy such a creature?"

"Any way I can, my lady Estella, using any means at my disposal."

She moved into his arms, felt his cock getting stiff and thick. "Surely such a task must drain a man! Where does one get the stamina to deal with such an appetite? At your age?" 

He pulled her close, kissed her and stroked her body with confidence and verve. He tasted her ear and whispered: "I'll let you be the judge of my appetite and stamina." He had the cheek of her ass in a sensual grip. Her heart raced and her pussy was quite wet. His virility was mesmerizing. She was panting with anticipation. She gripped his hardon, stroking until it was fully erect. His tail was stroking the crack of her ass. Hers was teasing his balls. He eased her to the blanket, stroking her pussy lips with his prick's head. The rhythm sent waves of heat through her body. He tasted so good! Her head swam. Her heart felt like it would explode when he penetrated her! The strokes were a slow, sensuous dance pushing her closer to the edge of forever. The world around her dissolved and there was only Dravo, pounding her into mindless abandon! She came with a series of spasms and grunts. He followed her a few seconds later, caught up; panting and moaning her name. 

Estella lay there reveling in the sweaty afterglow. That old man had just taken her places she hadn't been in years. She felt wonderful. Not since her beloved Proko had anyone been able to fuck her with such intensity and passion. She'd heard the stories about his rejuvenation, seen his demeanor, but this was proof that Dravo was strong and virile as ever! A plan began to form in her mind for Dravo as she watched Vera being gang-fucked by those five warriors. The woman was insatiable! She was going to put on a similar performance when the watch changed. It was good that she'd fucked them early so they'd get some rest before their watch! She felt Dravo's moist prick against her leg. This would be a long night for both Vera and herself! Three of Vera's ravishers, sated, peeled away from the cluster and watched as she rode prone warriors' cock really hard while she eagerly sucked another.