 The hill folk under the command of Davama Ollaga faded into the darkness after they'd provided sufficient distraction for the abduction of Salema, Tragon and Mossara's daughter. Dravo Asta found himself in an unfamiliar situation: ambushed and savaged. On the wrong end of the spear! He controlled himself and the rising fury that boiled in his breast by measured breathing and intense personal discipline. If he were going to be of any use to his people, himself, Salema, in this situation; he needed to project calm and purpose, no matter what he felt. He had to appear regal, unaffected by the carnage -- Balawa, Caralassa, Malleya, and Solomana. All of them dead, none of them would enjoy life again. Taste the sunshine on their pelt, the rain on their lips! His fault. He should have anticipated that Davama would pull some shenanigans like this: Four of his tribe murdered, six others wounded, two so seriously that they might not live out the night! He sighed in a controlled exhale. No one must sense the pain and futility he was experiencing right now! No one!!! 

He summoned his lieutenants:

"Roga, Urolo, Wago, Asawa! To my side, right now!" 

They gathered in a tight circle around the monkeylord. His gaze met each of theirs in a silent appraisal. 

"Asawa, Urolo, Wago, gather the survivors, wrap the dead in mats and blankets, break camp and rendezvous with Estella's warriors at the edge of the great lake! No discussion! It's a four-hour quick march! Asawa, Wago, once there bring a party of her warriors back to Davama's caves. Follow our track.

Urolo, you'll escort the survivors to Estellas' lakeside retreat, offer my felicitations and apologies with the assurance that I will be joining her forthwith."

"Uncle," Urolo began.

"Wash her feet, fuck her senseless, do a mating dance for her if need be.......I'm counting on you to distract that lusty wench until I return."

"Yes uncle!" Urolo bowed his acceptance and understanding. 

"Good! Roga, last year you scouted this area so I would be honored if you were to accompany me to rescue Salema and the slave or die trying."

"As you wish, my lord."

"Indeed!"

Dravo and Roga armed themselves, each packing a scout's kit and set off toward Davama's redoubt tracking Vera and the hill folk. 

Dravo relived those moments following Caralassa's death: 

Vera had moved to join him battling the hill folk when Caralassa went down and Salema was abducted. Vera'd been rigid for a moment -- immobile -- then she exploded in a savage blur of carnage and destruction! She killed three of them in mere seconds, maybe less, before she disappeared in pursuit of the girl and her abductors.

Dravo knew she was fast and strong, much faster and far, far, stronger than himself. He'd been sparring with her for weeks with sword and staff. She could parry the most cunning thrusts and could have easily taken him out had she been so inclined. It was like sparring with a masa, only much more dangerous! He'd killed masa but wasn't sure that he'd fare as well against his lover. 

The greater moon had risen and the jungle was awash in it's pale light. Tracking could still be a chore. Dawn was a couple of hours away.

Roga was an excellent tracker but as he pointed out: "She won't be hard to track, she's left a trail of bodies!! I hope that Davama's is among them!!!!"

No such good luck was theirs. Vera had moved quickly but without stealth. Her tracks were easy to follow but her stride was unbelievable! She must have been nearly flying! Roga remarked on this more than once before they got to the river. Dravo spotted her tracks on the other side.

'She must have leaped the river and landed on the other side!" Roga shook his head. "Did you know that she could do these things, Lord?"

Now it was Dravo's turn to shake his head, "No, I know that she's very strong and fast, but how could anyone guess that she leap a river? Take strides like a god! Run so fast that she could draw a sword, lop off a man's head and sheath it before she takes two strides! No, Roga, I had no idea that she could do anything like this!"

They forded the river and climbed into the jungle on the other side. Vera's tracks were not as widely spaced as when she was going downhill, but still quite a span between them. Dravo wondered how she could see well enough to run that fast. The lesser moon had already set so night's grip was complete. Yet, the slave had moved through the blackness along the trail as though it were full daylight. More mysteries about that woman -- more every minute! He followed Roga to a spot on the trail where the earth was disturbed.

The younger man examined the area and sniffed at a spot. He stood and nodded. "Shit, and hill raider shit, I'm sure of it! I've smelled enough of it the past few days! She must've knocked a turd out of the bastard when she killed him!" 

"No sign of a body." 

"No, m'Lord." Roga moved up the trail, "Here's her tracks."

Dravo followed thinking about what lay ahead: Vera probably hadn't rescued the girl yet, else she'd be heading back. What if that ugly shit Davama had managed to kill her? What, for that matter, did he want with Salema? Did he think he could use her to negotiate with Tragon or himself? Dravo shrugged to himself, maybe that fucker had been a better pupil than he thought. "We'll see how good he is," Dravo thought, "we will see."

He hoped that both women were alive, Salema in particular. Vera would be hard to kill, though. Especially if she was trying to kill you first. He thought about how fast she'd moved and if he wanted to be riding her when she ran that fast. Even if he were securely in the saddle Bassalla had made for her it would be difficult to hold on, he was sure. 

Roga slowed and gestured for silence. 

Something was in the jungle a short distance from the trail. He heard a low rumble and bones snap. There was a wet chewing sound and Roga made the sign for masa. Dravo peeked into the undergrowth and saw the huge feline tearing into a monkey leg, blood smeared on its muzzle. 

They crept past hoping that the feasting animal wouldn't notice them. The first rays of dawn were backlighting the forest canopy. Up ahead on the path a pair of carrion dogs were watching the masa as it made short work of the dead monkey. The cat had probably frightened them off the kill. They disappeared when they saw Roga moving toward them. 

The monkey men moved faster now to put some distance between them and the carnivore. Likely it would seek some water after its meal but no sense taking chances. That was one big damned masa. It roared between bites. They moved on up the path to another grisly scene: dried blood and tracks were everywhere.

Someone or two had been killed here and someone very large had been trussed up and carried away. Blood, fur, and brains were splattered on a tree next to the path. 

Dravo asked Roga: "How many?"

"More than six, less than twenty."

"So they've captured Vera and the girl?"

"It certainly looks like it, m'Lord Dravo."

They followed the tracks easily, there were quite a few in the party and they were carrying something large and heavy -- he suspected Vera -- to their redoubt. 

At trail crest Roga pointed out the location of the redoubt. It was on the highest point of land in the region and smoke trails confirmed that it was occupied. 

"That smoke is from some natural vents in the cave." Last year when we -- Asawa and myself -- explored this area and found the redoubt, it looked as if the vents had been chipped out to allow more air flow."

"Could one of us climb down into Davama's lair?"

"Probably, if one did not suffocate first."

"There are more than two vents into that cave."

"I think that there is also a shit vent."

"A shit vent will do!"

They would wait till dark to climb into the cave from above. Dravo insisted that they sleep and eat before they did. They'd had little enough the night before.

Dravo fell into a deep sleep and dreamed he was riding Vera once again on the practice field. What a thrill she was moving with such agility and grace underneath him! He'd even tried out the small change that Bassalla had put on the saddle at Dravo's suggestion.

Dravo rode her off the field and up the mountain to a waterfall. 

She knelt to let him dismount but he pushed her forward onto her hands. He quickly removed and repositioned the stirrup strap and slid behind her. 

"Stay in this position, my love." His meat was already hard and he pushed it against the lips of her cunt. Using the stirrups he was able to 'ride' her properly without her having to lie flat on her stomach. He got plenty of leverage that he put to good use as he penetrated her. 

She gasped. He stroked her with sensuality and confidence. Hard, then gently, harder, then more gently he pumped that hot slit. She moaned as the stroking got more intense and he slid another strap into her mouth like a bridle. He was able to pull her head back and pound on her pussy at the same time! She made noises and tried to fuck him back but he was in control, she was being ridden hard!

He guided her into a shuddering orgasm and followed her a few moments later. 

As he woke he shot a hot load onto his leg. He looked around, Roga was still asleep with his own hard-on. 

Dravo wiped his cum off with couple of leaves, then settled back for some more sleep.