 Dravo and the young warrior regarded each other in the dim light cast by the greater moon. He'd dropped the younger man neatly and without drama onto his butt. The sword point was still touching the monkey warrior between his eyes. No blood had been drawn yet but Dravo could remedy that if needed. 

A male voice spoke out of the darkness: 

"Your Majesty, Prince Nudoma, Davama Ollaga never possessed the skill and finesse demonstrated on your young royal self by this swordmaster. To say nothing of the restraint this warrior has shown you! Truly there is only one such master of the blade in these parts but the mystery is not who he is but rather: why should Lord Dravo Asta be calling himself Davama Ollaga?" 

Dravo's attention remained fixed on the young prince at the end of his blade when he spoke: "Perhaps, Lord Vasalla, we should begin with not who I am; that much is obvious; but what brings you folk to these parts?"

"We are the invited guests of Lord Davama and his Lady Nalla, whom I'm sure will not be pleased to have their guests treated in this manner. Why don't you let the young prince up and we'll discuss this as civilized folk?" Vasalla took a step toward Dravo and the prone prince. An arrow sprouted humming between his legs! Thank the gods that Roga was concealed in the branches above him! 

Dravo snorted, "That's close enough, Vasalla! You folks need to explain yourselves and quickly. My archers will aim higher next time!" 

"Really, Dravo! This is most annoying! You're behaving like a.."

He was interrupted by a commotion in the jungle to the right of the trail. A monkey warrior's body tumbled airborne to land soundly on the path between Vasalla and Dravo. He moved weakly and groaned. Dravo thanked the gods again for Vera hidden in the jungle. Vasalla must be nearly convinced that he faced a formidable force, not two warriors, a slave and a headsman's daughter. He rather liked the odds, though. He'd already used the element of surprise, now he had to exploit the unknown.

"Like a...treacherous brigand? A bandit? A thug? Like your good friend and ally; Davama? Eh?" He planted a foot on the prince's neck and raised his blade. "No more shenanigans or I will kill this young man. Talk to me, Vasalla, I'm listening. And tell your men to stand down. We will kill any who desire to be heroes."

Vasalla held out his empty hands and took a tentative step forward. "My warriors will not move against you. Now, will you please let the young prince assume a more dignified position?"

Dravo said, by way of reply, "Archers, put at least four arrows into the 'young prince' if there is so much as a hint of nonsense." 

He sheathed his weapon and told the young man lying at his feet: "Stay put, I'll be back after I discuss your situation with Vasalla."

The young prince lay still and stared into the dark limbs above. 

Dravo stepped over the broken warrior to face Vasalla. A masa roared nearby. Further away the panic at the hill folks redoubt was still echoing in the valley. Dravo and Vasalla regarded each other in the milky light of the greater moon. 

Vasalla spoke: "By the grace of all the gods! Dravo, you have regained your youth!" He leaned closer and said in a loud whisper: "It's said that the hairless slave's cunt has wrought this change in you, my old friend!" 

"I'm hardly your old friend, Vasalla! I am the master of that slave's cunt and many others as well!" Dravo gestured at the young prince lying on his back on the trail. "I might as well be the master of Zaphiri's heir!" 

"Dravo!" Vasalla growled. He reached for his sword.

The next instant Dravo's sword was unsheathed and poking Vasalla in the throat. Dravo spoke to Vasalla's men. "Move along up the trail to greet your hosts." Vasalla and I will parlay here while you good fellows march to Davamas redoubt." The sword blade forced Vasallas chin higher. "NOW!" Before I kill both of these desert turds!" He turned his attention back to Vasalla, "Move, make a move to threaten me, treacherous turd! I yearn to slit your throat!"

He spoke to the young prince:

"Stay where you are, Nudoma, unless you wish to walk the long path now!"

Vasalla's force moved up the trail picking up the broken warrior as they shuffled toward the redoubt. As the last of the force stepped over him, Prince Nudoma scampered to his feet only to be run through by two arrows. Dravo slashed Vasalla's throat and turned to fight the desert warriors. Nudoma was lying on the trail, writhing in the pale light. Two of the desert monkey warriors screamed as a spear pinned them together. Another spear passed through a desert warrior and struck a tree, humming with unspent energy! The desert force was in disarray and nearly full retreat toward the redoubt. 

Dravo sliced at a couple of stragglers as Vera waded into the main force from the jungle, swinging her sword in huge lethal arcs through the bunched up force! The warriors screamed and scurried up the path in mindless panic! This beautiful, buxom creature was the stuff of legends as she slew them with each stroke! They fled her furious assault! 

A trio of archers turned at a bend and brought their crossbows to bear on the giant, hairless woman! Dravo shouted a warning to her as she snatched a spear and spun it to deflect the arrows as a whirling shield! Dravo watched as she hurled the spear through an archer's head. She bounded after the other two who tried to defend themselves but wound up sliced into bloody chunks after a few deft strokes of that sword!

"Vera, enough!" Dravo hissed at her. "We need to at least cross the river tonight! You've thrown enough of a scare into them!" 

And into me, for that matter, he thought! He paused over Nudoma's body and took his badges of rank from his neck and ears. These he gave to Salema who'd just lit from the tree. Roga followed. 

"Good work, you two. We must leave now before they regroup and decide to avenge their prince and Vasalla! Roga, take the trophies from those two. Tragon will display their nuts for all to see what happens to those who cross the High Valley Clan! Salema can wear their jewelry for the rest of her life as proof of her victory this night!"

Vera took Salema's hand as they set off down the trail to meet up with the lake folk -- Estella's tribe. After a few hours and a dozen miles of night flight -- they'd crossed the river and were near the boundary of Estella's domain -- they climbed a huge tree and rested. Roga stayed on a lower bough; Salema on another just above him and Dravo took Vera up to a high split and pulled her close. They kissed, gently at first, then with more intensity as the moment caught up and wrapped them in a sexual haze. The smell of Vera's sweat and the dried blood from the desert warriors aroused Dravo and made him dizzy. She stroked the thick purple head on her tongue, enjoying the taste of his precum. He buried his face in her muff, licking her clit, inhaling her aroma. 

She sucked him harder until he came with hot spurts into her mouth, down her throat; his voice muffled in her cunt. She found that sweet release rocking her clit on his tongue. She came and came.

They woke near dawn in each other's arms. She touched his face and ears. He kissed and licked her fingertips. She did the same to his as she wrapped her hand around his thickening rod. His tail was playing with her butt, teasing the crack. He touched her pussy lips; she was wet and hot. The air was thick with her smell. He nuzzled her nipples, savoring the sensation. Then he stretched her out on the wide bough, draped her legs over his shoulders and entered her. His thrusts were slow at first, deliciously stroking her in a steadily increasing rhythm. She moaned and shuddered as he worked her into sweaty submission. She moaned softly in his ear and clasped his butt cheeks as he came hard, squirming in her grasp. 

They lay quietly together as the outline of distant peaks became distinct and was lined in a soft thread of light. Vera was impressed, not for the first time, at the lush beauty of this planet. Images of other places and times played in her mind.

Roga's face appeared from below. "Psssst, Dravo, we have company!"

Dravo whispered back: "Who and how many?" 

Roga shrugged, "No telling who, they are approaching from the redoubt and quickly." He sniffed at a loincloth lying next to his face, winced and tossed it to Vera. "This would be yours." 

Dravo had already tied his on and drawn his sword. Roga disappeared for a second and then climbed up with Salema and some spare weapons that he'd salvaged after the fight.

Salema snickered after she caught scent of the lovers. Dravo shot her a hard look. She quit chuckling and smirked at Vera.

Vera winked at her.

Roga handed a few arrows and a crossbow to Dravo. "There are at least twenty, maybe more."

"Damn! I'd hoped that they wouldn't regroup so soon! Who would be leading them, I wonder?" 

The jungle was quiet and the trail all but invisible. They could hear the sounds of the group approaching.. 

A voice called out from the base of the tree: "Greetings, Lord Dravo, this is Asawa. I am with Headwoman Estella of the Lake Clan and her warriors."

"Damn! He's good!" Roga laughed. 

Dravo, Vera, Salema and Roga climbed down to meet their rescuers.