 If I cannot move heaven, I will raise hell - Virgil's Aeneid

*****

Jack stirred in his sleep. He felt like he was having a wet dream, a not uncommon event for an eighteen year old who had not yet had the pleasures of relations with the opposite sex. Suddenly a burning heat enveloped his loins, filling him with a pleasurable sensation unlike any he had known. 

His eyes flew open.

To his shock, he was completely nude in his bed, the sheets thrown carelessly on the floor. To further complicate matters, he didn't appear to be alone. Astride his fully erect cock, there was a creature. 

Yes, a creature unlike any he had seen outside of a comic book or video game. He tried to move, but couldn't, so he fought against the feelings from his groin and tried to examine the feminine form that was plunging onto his erection at a furious pace.

Her skin was the shade of the color of the sky at the point when night first begins to give way to day. The hair that he could feel occasionally tickling his sack was the color of midnight during the new moon, with two small horns poking through it near the apex of her scalp. Her full

breasts bounced in time with her movements, capped by turgid nipples surrounded by an areola of skin slightly darker than the rest of her. 

His eyes glanced to his chest, where he could see her rubbing slow circles with the talon tips of her fingers around the flesh near his. He let his eyes travel back up her form to her face. The creature's eyes were closed in passion as she swayed atop him, but her face seemed both alien and beautiful at the same time. Behind her head, two large bat-like wings lay slightly folded. 

Jack felt that, if the situation wasn't so surreal, he could spend eternity staring at her riding him with her satiny velvet pussy. He suddenly realized that eternity might be a moot point, as his beleaguered brain finally placed a name on the monstrous being having her way with his body.

Succubus.

A demon rumored to trade her favors for the soul gifted unto the non-living clay of man in the beginning.

"This can't be real", Jack thought, "I haven't done anything to warrant this, have I?"

Two warring trains of thought began to race against one another to a rapidly nearing finish line. One was that he was getting extremely close to cumming inside this unknown demon, which by all tales he could recall meant his death was soon to follow. The other was to quit trying to fight and enjoy the pleasure while he still could. Before he could make a final decision, the girl-like form on him slowed, then came to a dead stop.

"Oh fuck me, you can't be awake!"

The voice, for some unfathomable reason, was not only melodic in tone but carried a vaguely British accent. Jack pondered how a demon from Hell could have an accent, let alone one that sounded like the Queen's English. He tried again to reach up, to make sure that the being was real and not some crazy lucid dream. 

Unfortunately, his hand shot directly up to her right tit, with unexpected force. Whatever magic she had been using to control his movement seemed to be on hold as she sat on his still hard dick, looking stunned.

"Oi, wot the fack are you on about, mate?" she said as she grabbed her breast in apparent pain.

Her accent went from cultured to a female version of Jason Statham as she rocked about. Jason couldn't help himself and he giggled at the spectacle, forgetting for the moment his previously dire situation. He stopped abruptly when her other clawed hand grabbed his throat.

"I ain't got a clue 'ow yer awake, but I ought ta mur'er you. No matter 'ow facking fit you are!" 

She seemed to take a breath and leaned back a bit, unintentionally impaling herself a bit more on his erection. 

"Oi, but 'at's a noice bit of cock you 'ave." 

Jack felt the talon slowly lighten it's grip on his throat as the succubus began to rock on him again, picking up speed and force, slamming down on his meat hard enough to shake the bed frame as if it was going to come apart. His hand was still on her firm breast and despite his predicament, he couldn't resist slowly massaging it with his hand, tweaking the nipple until it became rock hard again.

"MMMmmm, I could get used to that, lover." 

She removed her hand from his neck and covered his, guiding it about on her nipple, showing him the way she wanted him to caress it. She seemed to be back in control, or at least her accent had reverted back to it's former elegance. 

A smile appeared on her lips as she glanced down at him; he noticed that her canines were slightly sharper than her other teeth, but other than that it looked like the smile of any normal girl. The few that he had seen directed his way, in any case. Jack also noticed that her eyes looked mostly human as well, the only difference being that the irises were a luminescent purple that almost seemed to glow in his dimly lit room.

Jack, fully awake now, was awash in sensation. He had never felt anything like the velvet glove that seemed to be milking his cock to explosion, her demonic pussy was beyond his comparison. Jack knew his hand, previously his only method of pleasure, now certainly seemed such a poor substitute to plunging deep into a steaming pussy like the one it was in now. 

His earlier thought to fight melted away, and he innocently looked into her eyes. "It won't hurt will it", he stammered, "Yyyou know, when you take my soul?"

She laughed uproariously as she continued plunging herself down onto his dick, "Take your soul? As if I could do that simply by fucking you." 

She slowed her up and down movements and began to grind her pelvis on his, rubbing her clit on his pelvic bone. "It doesn't work like that, Jack, only a master demon can take your entire soul with a contract signed in your blood."

"You mean I'm not going to die? I thought that having sex with a succubus drained my life force?"

She tittered again, "Jack, think of your soul or life force or whatever you wish to call it, as a great ocean. I'm simply fishing for some sustenance, but even I can't catch every fish in the sea!"

"Besides, Jack, you don't remember it, but this isn't the first time I've fed on you. Oh, fuck that feels so much better when you are awake!"

Jack, slightly emboldened by her claims that he wasn't going to die or lose his soul, had started to push back against her, pumping his hips in time with her movements. He could feel little shivers inside her pussy, as she apparently began cumming on his rod. 

He increased his tempo, feeling a surge building inside his balls. "I'm going to cum", he panted, "I guess it's a really dumb question but do I need to pull out or anything?"

"You are the sweetest mortal I have ever met, please, I need your cum inside me, Feeeeed me, Jaaaaack!" She screamed as he groaned and began shooting gobs of sticky cream inside her cunt, his life force flowing along with it, sating her appetite.

Jack, for his part, was laying back on his bed, feeling weak as a kitten. He was amazed that the succubus had apparently been telling the truth and that he was still breathing. He could still feel little pulses as his penis continued to feed the remnants of the biggest orgasm he ever had into his lover's vagina. 

"My lover's?" Jack thought, confused how he could equate this demon as someone he could grow to have feelings for. He contemplated this for a while, as his cock softened and slowly slid out of her with soft 'plop' noise. He noticed that she immediately scooped up some small bits of cream still on his dick and plunged her fingers into her mouth, closing her eyes and sucking on them while uttering a soft moan.

"I have to say, Jack, I love the taste of you. It somehow seems sweeter while you are awake." 

She opened her eyes and looked at him, a small frown on her face. "That IS a problem, by the way, you aren't supposed to be waking up at all while I am feeding."

"What do you mean, umm, uhh...", Jack realized he didn't even know what to call her, other than terms that didn't very nice after the pleasure she had given him.

"If I tell you my name, Jack, you have to promise me that you won't abandon me for a human girl. Once you know it, I can no longer feed on another until you are dead. It would make me sad, but I would have to kill you."

Jack felt shocked. "But you said you couldn't drain my soul completely!"

She looked at him with a sad smile on her face, eyes lost in thought. "I can't fuck you to death Jack, but I can kill you in a more callous fashion." She raised up one of her hands and flexed. Jack saw that her talons seemed to jut further out of her fingertips and looked quite murderous. He definitely did not want to be on the end of those!

"So, if I know your name, you will come back to me?" Jack paused, "You'll be...my friend?"

"Until you die, Jack, even the most powerful demons can't reverse the nature of things. You will grow old, and your soul will pass on to where ever they go." 

She noticed Jack looked confused, "Yes, Jack, unless you sign over control of your soul to a master demon it will travel on to another place. I don't know if that place is Heaven, Nirvana, or any other storied resting place for souls, but it does go somewhere."

"What if I did sell my soul?" Jack responded.

"Well, I can tell you that I do know the destination if you did that. Where I come from, what you would consider Hell, it is a place with grand machines that run on a singular type of energy."

"Souls, Jack. Your soul would slowly be used to power the contraptions that allow the master demons to retain power over the rest of us." A tear dropped from the corner of her eye, running slowly down her cheek. "I don't know if the souls feel anything, but whenever the master demons ramp up the power, I swear I can hear a soft keening sound of pain."

"Well, I will have to make sure I don't sign anything in blood then!" Jack joked, reaching up to wipe away the tear. "I promise, I will not leave you for another." he said solemnly.

She smiled and leaned forward onto his chest, her breasts pillowing on top of him. "My name is Meridiane, Jack, but since you are my special friend, you can call me Merry."

Jack felt something odd 'click' inside him, like a switch somewhere in his chest had been flipped to ON. He wrapped his arms around her awkwardly, not used to doing so while laying in bed with someone and also because her wings were somewhat in the way.

"That feels nice, Jack. I almost never get hugged. But I must return to my Master and share the energy you fed me or I will be punished."

Jack reluctantly let her go, but he dared to do something he had never done before. He leaned forward and kissed her softly on the lips. "Will I see you soon, Merry?"

"As soon as I can return to you I will, Jack. Please, remember your promise and remember me!"

Jack smiled as she slowly faded into nothingness, "I will Merry, I most definitely will!"

TBC