 Estella Jogamma, Headswoman of the Lake Clans, regarded the party as they lit from the tree. Lord Dravo she'd known for many years, even before she'd met and married her late husband, Proko Ullacampo, Headsman of the Lake Clans. Her father had been a minor chief of a small fishing village when Dravo and his war party arrived to 'pay his respects' to her father. She was infatuated with the handsome warrior from the moment she saw him, fur shining in the sun and a twinkle in his eye. 

He had that same twinkle in his eyes now as he greeted her. His fur needed a good cleaning and grooming, sweaty and matted as it was! He looked freshly fucked as did the tall, exotic human woman with him. 

Salema, daughter of Mossara and Tragon, was a young woman now, a princess in her own right and sporting some bloody jewelry on an improvised necklace -- no doubt the spoils from the skirmish at the redoubt! 

The warrior must be Roga, Asawa's partner. He was young and rugged looking, sort of her type. Maybe later, she thought, right now there were priorities!

She turned her attention to Vera. So this was the hairless one whose 'seed' or boat that flew fell into the jungle nearby Tragon's village. She'd been rescued by Tragon's folk and nursed back to health by Mossara and her sister Caralassa. Estella'd met a few humans, traders and pirates, over the years, and only one other woman -- the bodyslave of a Gamaran (a fierce, independent, humanoid species who'd made piracy and capitalism a high art. They porported to be traders and businessmen but were opportunists of the worst ilk.) who'd tried to dupe Proko into selling some slaves, ignoring the People's cultural basis for the practice. She was glad when Proko banished the digusting bastard! She'd secretly wished that he'd followed his first impulse and killed the creature for his excesses!

This Vera was quite a new experience for Estella: wearing only a loincloth and Dravo's inverted collar she was at once dangerous and fascinating. She wore a sword on her back the strap separated her high round breasts. The spear in her hand was splattered with fur and blood. Her nipples were swollen with bite marks on them. The woman was more filthy than Dravo, with dried blood, sweat and cum on her face, legs, and torso. Come to think of it, the whole group, herself included, needed a good scrubbing at a hot spring! She asked Asawa: "Is there a hot spring along the way to my domain where we might encamp this evening? This is one tired and filthy bunch -- myself most of all! " Everyone laughed at her self deprecating humor.

"There is, Lady Estella, a waterfall and hot spring about a half days march along the river trail. There is ample ground for an encampment of this size and high ground to post watches." 

She turned to Dravo, "What say you, Lord? Shall we march, wash and rest?"

"As you wish, it will be, good Lady!" Dravo bowed.

They followed Asawa and Roga to the river trail. The scouts then disappeared to reconnoiter for the war party. Dravo was grateful for that pair. 

Estella paired off with Dravo as they journeyed south along the river. Dravo shared his tale of pursuit and attack after first learning of the condition of the rest of his people. 

Estella listened to him and marveled again at the rejuvenation he'd undergone. She'd heard the gossip and had reports from her guard captain but 'the eyes don't lie' as the old saying went. His movements were lithe, filled with strength. He'd just journeyed many miles into the foothills, stealthily entered Davama's redoubt and defeated the hill folk in their lair. Quite a feat for a man a third of his age! If it weren't for his white crest he could be mistaken for a man a third of his age! She felt her lust stirring for this man whom she'd loved and made love to so many years ago! Her father would have killed them both had he known that she'd stolen into Dravo's bed that night! And the next! What a ruckus that would have caused, but she suspected that Dravo could have handled the situation. He was a talented diplomat along with his other talents. 

She smiled inside when she thought of him back then: Handsome, brave, confident, a natural leader -- by the smoking gods of the mountain Dravo had set the standard high for her! The truth be known, Dravo was much like her father, only very sexy! She drove her father to distraction as he looked for suitable matches for her until she met Proko. Not just any prince or headsman would do, she wanted that confidence and strength Dravo'd displayed. 

Proko had that confidence and sexual presence she craved. She agreed to the match -- no surprise! -- became Proko's mate and bore him a half dozen children, five daughers and a son. 

She'd wished that her father would have offered her as a second or third wife to Dravo Asta but that was not to be....He needed his oldest daughter to forge relationships with other Lake Clans. 

She felt a twinge of sadness when she thought of Proko. He was five years gone now and she missed his intelligence and passion. Hell, if suitable men were scarce when she was young and nubile, they were non-existent now that she was older. She thought that she was still quite nubile, though. She trained on sword and staff nearly daily with her guard captain or the handsome lieutenant, Makalla. Makalla was better in bed than he ever would be with a sword, but it made for a nice diversion. She'd never failed to put a smile on his face!

Dravo's narrative took a short while as he expressed some annoyance at the desert folk and their treachery. He would find the source of that treachery in the High Valley Clan and deal with it, be sure of that!

She marveled again at his vigor. There weren't but a few who would have attempted what he had these past couple of days and fewer that would have succeeded. She was truly impressed. This was the Dravo Asta of her youth -- vital, pragmatic, and powerful. He still needed a bath.

She explained that she'd arrived at the village of Suballa, headswoman of the Lower River Clan, just before when the caravan headed by Asawa and Urolo. After leaving instructions with Suballa, the rescue party embarked into the foothills. Asawa found the track of Davama's diversionary force that had circled Dravo's encampment. They followed this to the redoubt and beyond so as to surprise the hill folk from the direction of their main territory. This took a little longer but she wanted to surprise Davama.  

"I was the one who was surprised! When we arrived that night the redoubt was in chaos -- Davama and Nalla dead along with nearly half the warriors he'd brought along for his mischief! The desert clan warriors and what remained of Davama's offered some resistance but after tangling with 'the demons'," she winked at Vera and Dravo, "there was not much fight left in them. They surrendered and I questioned a few of them while Urolo and Asawa searched the redoubt. When I was satisfied that we had no further business, we set off to find you. So which one of you took the trophies?" 

Dravo replied, "I had Roga lop off Vasalla and Nudoma's nuts for Tragon to display." 

Vera had been listening to Dravo and Estella discuss the events of the last couple of days and she was moved once again at how sophisticated and barbaric these aliens were. Dravo had freely discussed the slaughter of a couple of dozen hill and desert clan warriors but never once mentioned Vera's enhanced combat skills the night before last. He'd ignored Estella's hints and kept that knowledge to himself. Of course, if she couldn't figure out what [PASSWORD] was, she might never have 'access' to [INITIATE COMBAT PROTOCOL] again. The 'subroutine' (where did that come from?) [SITUATIONAL ANALYSIS] was there whenever she chose to turn it on. It had certainly helped her in the redoubt. 

"Yes, we found them along the trail along with a half dozen dead warriors. I'm talking about Davama's nuts and Nalla's tit!"

Dravo sent for Urolo: "Run ahead and find Roga, I want to speak to him."

Urolo unslung a leather sack from his neck, "It might have something to do with this sack he gave me to carry. "He said it belongs to you and that I should guard it with my life." He displayed the grisly contents: Three sets of male genitals and a bloody, furry tit. 

Dravo snorted, "That Roga! He's always able to take care of the priorities! Damned if he wouldn't make a fine headsman!"

Estella laughed with him, "he's probably more valuable as a headsman's spear!"

Vera was struck again at the coarseness of these folk: they might well have been discussing a recipe for dinner instead of some battle trophies! 

The trek to the hot spring took longer than half a day but there was still plenty of daylight left when they finally arrived. The encampment was set up quickly; they'd traveled light and foraged along the way for fruit, berries and an occasional morsel of protein. Guards were posted, fires lit, and bathing commenced. Vera stayed with Salema and the two female warriors that were assigned to guard her. They'd picked soaproot from the river shallows and had plenty to wash with. Salema was first and then the two guards. 

When they finished Salema was escorted back to the encampment. Vera sought out Dravo who'd gone farther up the mountain to find a hotter spring. 

She found him rinsing in a small, secluded waterfall. His weapons and kit lay nearby. Steam from a hot pool nearby mixed with the spray and sunlight to create a surreal atmosphere. The background of lush vegetation gave the spot a roomlike feel. She stopped at the edge of the warm runoff and admired Dravo's backside. She felt a genuine affection for this alien creature who had treated her with dignity and respect even though she was his slave. They needed to talk about that situation. She was not his, nor anyone else's -- well, maybe she did belong to someone or thing, but it wasn't Dravo, Tragon, or their people. They'd rescued her after all and she was grateful, but she wasn't their slave! 

Slavery was a complex situation in this society. There were few totally enslaved individuals but there were quite a few slaves who were nearly family members or 'guests'. She was still sorting out her own status, which changed dramatically since she'd taken up with Dravo. She was treated with deference and respect because she was Dravo's: woman/slave/fucktoy? She'd speak to him after they bathed. She needed to understand. 

He turned around and smiled at her. He gestured for her to join him and she did. She stood under the warm water as he scrubbed her with the soaproot. He used a spongeleaf with his other hand to remove the dried blood and dirt on her arms and legs. She stepped into deeper water so that he could wash her face. It felt wonderful to be washed by this man. His touch and the warm soapy water were getting her aroused! 

Estella appeared with Urolo. She'd left two guards by the trail and took Urolo's hand as she stood watching from the other side of the pool. They were clean and wet so this was purely entertainment. Vera wasn't surprised. These monkeyfolk were brazen and not shy about their sexuality. They both got into the hot water and embraced. Urolo was nuzzling her but she was watching Dravo wash Vera. Vera was enjoying this more every second. Her nipples stiffened, aching to be stroked and sucked! She was wet and hot inside and out. The mist parted and she could see the river valley stretching out to the north. The sacred mountain smoked on the horizon above the lush jungle. The Blue Mountains loomed beyond the volcano. The raw, untamed beauty of this planet never failed to impress her. 

Estella continued to watch Dravo caress his smooth skinned lover. She whispered into Urolo's ear. He climbed out of the pool and sat alongside, legs dangling in the hot water. His cock was thick and hard. Estella had been busy underwater! She continued to watch Dravo and Vera while she wrapped her hand around him and licked the head. 

Dravo stepped onto a boulder behind her, sat and cupped Vera's breasts. She leaned back so that he could ravish them properly.

He pinched and rolled the nipples as he licked her neck. Across the pool Estella slid on top of Urolo and planted her cunt on his mouth. Vera watched her suck him as her hips writhed on his tongue. Dravo bit Vera's earlobe, then kissed her cheek. Her nipples were on fire, her clit was throbbing, she was fully aroused and needed to fuck hard and be fucked harder...

A shout by the trail interrupted the poolfuck. The guards were shouting warnings as a masa roared! Dravo leaped for his weapons as Estella scrambled for her sword! The trail guards were fending off a huge masa that was toying with them, waiting for the right opportunity to slash and kill...A low rumble sounded in the jungle opposite Vera. 

Estella screamed "Hunting pair! Dravo!" She was facing another, smaller masa that slid into the pool area. Dravo was halfway to the trail and Estella faced the masa with her sword. The feline's attention was fixed on Estella; she was its prey. The huge cat's tail twitched back and forth as it tensed to spring. 

[SITUATIONAL OVERIDE -- COMBAT PROTOCOL INITIATED] 

Time stopped for Vera as the scene came into focus, like a veil had been lifted from her eyes! Her hand closed around a rock. She flung it at the masa's eye as it sprang for Estella. The rock passed through the eye socket and out the animal's skull before it could complete its movement. She snatched a spear and leaped past Dravo to confront the other beast. It was nearly twice the size of the other but was moving much too slowly to stop her from piecing its lungs with the spear. She twisted the spear to maximize the damage, then spun away from the masa's counterslash. It turned to flee as she leaped on it's back slashing its throat. The masa was frightened and confused, nothing had ever attacked it with such ferocity! Nothing had ever so much as scratched it! 

Vera maintained her death grip on the giant feline as it struggled and trembled. It quit breathing and shit a thin gruel while pissing a hot stream into the foliage along the trail. It shuddered weakly.

[COMBAT PROTOCOL TERMINATED]. 

The world swam back into focus. She stood over the dead animal. She was covered with its blood, fur, and shit. The other animal was spasming its last beside the pool. The guards were staring at her with wide eyes and open mouths. Estella and Dravo eyed each other in amazement! Vera had just killed a hunting pair of masas with a round stone, a spear, and a knife without as much as a scratch on her person! Moved with the speed of the gods, maybe faster! Killed a masa with a single blow! Astounding! 

Estella broke the silence: "Your human woman is very talented."

Dravo winked, "So it would seem."