 I was freshly starting up my career as a writer when I was but 21 years of age. It was at that time I had decided to get a closer experience with botany, (as I was currently doing research on plants for the book I was working on) and had journeyed into the mountains in the State of Washington. I had heard it got very cold up there most of the year; and that the trees were covered with snow during the wintertime, so I had waited until summer to make the trip into the forests. 

As I was choosing one of the many trails that lead up into the woods on a not-too-hot but still warm day, I noticed that one of them had gone unused and overgrown. Curious, and thinking there was less of a chance the plants had been tampered with by human intrusion, I decided to follow it. Bush and flower brushed up and surrounded me as I went deeper and deeper into the foliage, briefly stopping to examine all manner of plants around me before I continued. After I had come to the conclusion there were no more plants in the area that I hadn't already studied, curiosity got the better of me as I wondered just how far up the narrow trail went. 

I traveled deeper and deeper until almost half an hour had passed of me walking, though I did not tire. After all, I was young and had always had plenty of stamina. Especially considering my size, I had always been quite small for a man. 5 foot and five inches, only 114 pounds. Very petite though muscular, handsome face, pale skin, green eyes and brown hair at medium length. 

Just before I made my decision to turn back, I came across a wide circular grove with all kids off different trees and fruit orchards. I wandered into the middle of the grove, my feet trampling lightly on the slightly wet grass which went up and over my shoes. 'What a curious place.' I thought to myself. 'It does not seem that anyone has been here in quite some time, not even the animals seem to have fed themselves on the berries growing on the bushes.'

As I bent down to examine a particularly brightly-colored ladybug sitting on a leaf, I heard a girlish giggling sounding throughout the air from behind me. Whipping around to see who could have avoided me after I had already checked to see if anyone else was near, I saw no one. At least; not at first, until the giggling sounded out again,only this time ending in laughter. My eyes turned in direction, searching for the origin from whence the laughter came, until they landed on an oddly-shaped green-colored tree which matched my own height. As I stepped forward to examine it, I realized it was shaped like a person with thin arms, and thin legs coming up from the ground. The arms were turned upward, as if it were a person covering their face and body with their hands. Where the hands should have been, instead there were wide leaves which the tree was hiding behind.

'I've never seen such a thing!' I muttered to myself in awe. And then it giggled! I jumped back with a start in surprise and watched as what had appeared to be arms began to move. The covering the tree folded into themselves as the arms pulled away, revealing: what looked to be a girl. 

Or at least, what a girl would look like if she were a tree. The thin arms and legs were attached to a body just a bit thinner than mine, but with a rather large pair of breasts which were bare before my eyes. As my gaze traveled up, I saw that her face was shaped like an almond; with black eyes as dark as the pits from a watermelon, and shaped like them as well. Her mouth was thinly shaped and curved into a smile; when she opened it to speak, I could see she had no teeth and instead a small vine for a tongue. 

'I have not had a visitor in so long, how is it you came to be in my grove?' she asked me sweetly, her voice sugared as if she survived on a diet of sugar plums. 

'I just...followed a trail here, that's all. It looked as if it had been unused for awhile.' I answered her. She giggled once more sweetly. 

'Not just anyone can enter this grove...I allow only those with a love for plants, and those with virgin hearts to enter here.' her legs pulled out of the ground and stepped forward to me. I stammered in surprise and tried to step back, confused by what she intended to do, but I found that I could not. Glancing down at my feet, I saw that vines had come up from the ground and had tied themselves around my legs. I looked up to her as her face grew near to my own.

'You don't need to be afraid, I did not appear before you in order to cause you harm.' she lifted up her arms and now I could see that underneath the leaves were tiny fingers. They reached out and touched my body, traveling and exploring the muscles underneath my shirt. Suddenly she pushed me back and I fell, my fall being stopped by more vines which had come up from out of the ground and had now wrapped themselves around my arms. They pulled me off to a larger tree in the center of the grove as she followed, stopping at it's trunk. I sat there with my back against the bark, quite dumbstruck at the events which were taking place as she knelt down and bent her skinny frame over my own.

'What is it you want with me?' I asked a bit fearfully. She knelt closer to my ear and whispered.

'Every five summers I must choose one human male to give me seed so that I may live, for the life of this forest depends upon my own.' she replied in a song-like voice. 

'Seed? I am no plant, I bear no...' I trailed off as she held a thin finger to my lips and shushed me. A smile played on her thin lips as her fingers were directed to the end of my shirt, grasping it and pulling it up over my head. My arms went up as she took it from my body and threw it aside, her fingers returning and now caressing my bare skin. Although the temperature was warm, Goosebumps erupted as I felt her tiny hands play on the surface of my body, nearing the tip of my nipples and circling them. She moved her face forward so that all I could see were her dark eyes in front of my own, and it was then I felt two sharp pricks enter into my nipples.

'Ow!' I cried out suddenly. 'What are you doing?' I looked down and saw the ends of two of her fingers sticking out of my nipples. When she removed them, a dark green substance dripped from the tips of my swollen chest. 

'Did you inject something into me?' I asked in fear, which quickly dissipated as whatever chemical she put into me took effect. 

'Just something to help you relax the tension you had built up, virgins are always so uptight.' she cooed. And indeed, I DID begin to feel relaxed, more so than I had been in years. Tension left my muscles and I shifted into a more comfortable position underneath the tree. 

'Isn't that much better?' she asked and I nodded, my eyes half-opened and a smile turning up on my lips. 'Now, just let me work...' her fingers resumed the caressing she had done before, although this time it was as if the feeling was amplified. Pleasurable sensations filled my body and tingled my nerves as she touched my skin, and I could not help but grow hard as she continued. My jeans grew tighter near my thighs as my heartbeat quickened, and I felt my erection pulsing with excitement. Her fingers lightly traveled down past my stomach, and stopped at the belt at my waist. With intricate movements she unclasped and yanked it off, then moved to unbutton and then take off my pants. She threw them aside un-ritualistically like my shirt, and backed up, peering down at my boxers. She lifted a hand and placed her leaves on my throbbing erection, the tiny fingers clasping it's girth through my underwear. She looked in my eyes with her own dark seed-like ones and smiled before suddenly pulling of my remaining cloth. Her mouth opened in surprise as she watched my pulsing head point upwards at her, as if begging for her to caress that as well. I shifted my own glance towards it, seeing that I was fully erect in all of my six inches, and with a good measure of girth. 

Instead, she kneeled forward once more and neared her face to my own. 'That isn't bad for a human, although I'll need a little more.' she fell forward and pressed her lips to mine, then opened her mouth and spilled liquid down into my throat. It tasted sweet, like nectar or honey, and I realized it was the same as whatever she had injected me with earlier as I felt even more pleasure coursing through my body as the substance traveled emptied out into my stomach. I felt my penis grow harder, and fuller, and longer. As she pulled her face away from mine with a smile I looked down and watched as veins stuck out at my waist, the liquid rushing through and into the veins of my penis, making it pulse even larger. I groaned and rolled my eyes into my head as the substance made it's way into my testicles, I could feel them heat up and grow with the liquid. It was as if a deep fog of pleasure enveloped my mind, my thoughts became thick and muddled until all I could think of was giving this beautiful woman of nature everything that I had. At the same time the orchard became foggy, the only thing I saw was her.

'Please, I want you, come and take what I have to give.' I moaned to her as she looked at me with those deep-dark eyes. She nodded and roots came out of the ground once more, wrapping themselves around my body and holding me up. I could feel every tendril touch up against my skin, the slightest touch causing intense pleasure to course through my nerves. Pre-cum was now dripping from the head of my erection, which was now ten inches in length. The tree-girl took hold of my waist with her arms and pushed herself up, then lowering down her abdomen onto my throbbing penis. I could feel myself slide inside her, juices coming out from inside her body and surrounding every nerve atop my head and shaft. 

'Oh...oh god this is...' I groaned as my eyes rolled up once again in pleasure. She moved her hips forward and back rhythmically and slowly, taking in only half of me. I felt the head of my penis rubbing up the sides of her insides, juices trickling down. It was too wonderful, to exciting, and I could not hold back. My heartbeat quickened and my eyes widened in excitement and pleasure I had never felt before as I came inside her, cum squirting from my tip in such loads it dripped out of her. She smiled at me and opened her mouth, moaning loudly in a song-like way which coursed through my ears and excited me ever more. After a few more spasms, I tried to recollect myself and catch my breath. 

However, she hadn't had enough of me yet. Once more she leaned in and pressed her mouth forcibly onto mine, her vine of a tongue lashing into my mouth and wrapping around my own, emptying more of the liquid down into me. Once again I felt that sensation over come me and felt my testicles re-fill with liquid as it traveled down past my stomach. My erection throbbed again and took on another inch, pushing and forcing it's way deeper inside of her. Moaning, I reached out and grasped her breasts with my hands, squeezing them and caressing them. She moaned with me, and moved closer to lie on my chest as she resumed the rhythmic movement of her hips upon my shaft. 

More vines came up from the ground and began crawling towards my buttocks. With pleasurable shock and surprise, my eyes shot up wide as the smooth tendrils entered into my anus. I could feel them reach inside me getting deeper, something I had never had happen before. It excited me, and I could not believe I could feel so good from having been sexed from behind. She smiled at my reaction and a sexy giggle escaped her lips. 

Suddenly she arched her back; and with a quick movement, planted herself down the rest of the way onto my waist, my entire length and girth now pushed up inside of her. I moaned loudly and she did the same, rotating her abdomen back and forth as the vines moved in a similar rhythm inside my anus. I reached up once more and grasped her breasts as she thumped my thigh with her own, the juices mixed with cum spurting out onto the ground around us. I could feel myself coming to a climax once again, the pleasure now more intense than it was before. Our voices collided higher and higher as did our bodies, suddenly from the tip of the vines erupted more of the liquid spurting into my anus. I gasped in pleasure as the warmth filled my behind, dripping out and spilling as my body shook. 

Her body thumped harder now, more and more. More juices lined the walls of her insides and covered my throbbing pulsating penis, it's throbs matching my growing heartbeat. I could feel it coming now, a huge wave of intense feelings rushing into my mind and stars filled my eyes as I erupted. My testicles pulled towards my body, forcing themselves to empty all of their contents into this gorgeous tree-girl. My hips spasm, pulling forward in sharp bursts as cum shot out from the tip of my penis, emptying myself and filling her insides. Her moan turned to something of a beautiful scream as she took all of it in, her walls tightening and sucking up every last drop of me. 

Finally the spasms stopped, and the wave of intense feeling began to dissipate from my mind. We both gasped and caught our breath, vapor spewing out from the stoma lining her forehead. The vines loosened and carried our bodies down back to the ground, and I gasped as the ones inside my anus slipped out. As we landed, she stepped off of me and smiled without saying a word. I was so exhausted, I could do nothing but lie there and watch as she walked backwards with the smile still on her face, and disappeared into the fog covering the grove. I lay there and closed my eyes, falling asleep on the liquid-covered grass.

I awoke sometime later, although when I looked around, I saw that I was lying in the middle of the narrow path I had first followed to the grove. Looking down I saw that I was fully clothed, and opening my zipper, back to normal size as well. 

'Curious.' I thought simply. Shrugged, and turned back the way I came. Later that day as I looked through the notes I had taken in the notebook I had carried with me, I saw on a page a perfectly drawn picture of the tree-girl.

It was odd, since I was horrible at art.