 I awoke in the middle of the night feeling as if I hadn't slept at all. It was dark outside. I stumbled into the bathroom to relieve myself and as I stood there trying to figure out why I was so damned tired, I started recounting my evening to see if maybe I over did it at the gym or something. Nothing stood out in my mind that could explain this fatigue.

I began to think about how I went to bed earlier that night. I remember going to bed and as I drifted to sleep, I recalled being in that twilight state where distinguishing between dream and reality becomes very difficult. I saw light coming from outside the window...then nothing more.

As I was washing up I realized I had on what I had thought was my watch but wasn't. It was a sleek black metal bracelet. I couldn't see how to remove it but I noticed two areas on opposite sides that looked like some sort of release. I pressed these areas at the same time. There was a sharp pain in my head and a flash of light.

My eyes opened to find a room filled with light. I was unable to move. Having done quite a bit of sleep study work for the Psych Department when I was in college, I was fully aware of sleep paralysis and assumed this is what I was experiencing and waited for it to fade. The bright light I could not explain so easily.

I began collecting as much information as I could about what was happening and realized this was indeed not my bedroom and the bright light seemed to surround me and come from the room walls themselves. "Such a strange dream" I told myself and relaxed mentally to see where this dream was going to go.

All I could do was move my eyes to see around the room. I was alone for the moment. The room was white and even though I could make out that the walls were flat the room had no corners. They blended into one another as they did with the ceiling and floor. 

I was laying naked on my back on a cold surface, unable to move. There was some sort of free standing desk or console off to my right.

I heard a sliding noise off in the same direction. I tried to turn but I still couldn't move. I heard someone approaching but could not see them yet. I would have to wait for them to come into my limited field of view.

I didn't have to wait long. I will assume for the sake of argument that I was dealing with a female. She was about 7 feet tall, green skin and instead of hair she had tentacles with what looked like suckers. She wore a white suit which was made of some stretchy material because i could make out the details of her body. Her body and mannerisms definitely read as female: she had what looked like breasts, an hour glass figure with hips that swayed when she walked.

The way she walked was incredibly seductive, her legs were long and shapely. Her head and shoulders didn't bob when she walked they stayed eerily motionless like she floated along rather than swinging those long legs...but they were indeed how she was getting around.

She came to the edge of the table I was laying on and I could make out her face. She was beautiful. She had stunning purple eyes and other than that and the color of her skin her face was completely human in appearance. 

She looked down at me and tipped her head in what must be a universal expression of curiosity as she visually examined my exposed body. 

I've always been comfortable with my body but I suddenly blushed because I realized I was aroused. 

She turned her gaze back to my face and saw my face was red. She smiled, revealing her beautiful teeth...they looked like mother of pearl shining from between her dark lips. Those lips...they looked so soft and warm. I wanted to kiss her. 

She ran her hand along my leg from my knee up then across my belly and chest. She caressed the side of my neck and stopped with her warm hand on my cheek. I smiled back at her. I suddenly felt very at ease with her. I could not tell why but I knew she would not harm me.

She turned to the console and made some adjustments. A device dropped from the ceiling and began scanning my body. I could see a 3D transparent image of my body being built above me, as the device repeatedly moved up and down the length of my body. 

She came over with some sort of tablet and closely studied the image. She zoomed in on several areas and used the tablet to make notes. 

She became very excited when she got to my reproductive organs. She zoomed in closely. The scanner made another pass and all of my manly parts light up green in the rendering. She smiled and left in a very excited state.

I was left alone...looking at this ghostly image of myself with parts near and dear to me highlighted green.

It's hard to know how long she was gone but when she returned she was dressed in a short dress looking outfit. She was very sexy...those long legs moving so fluidly. Her hips swaying. 

She appeared slightly nervous though. When she came to the console she make some adjustments and the door closed behind her and I heard it lock.

She turned off the 3D rendering and the probe retracted into the ceiling. 

She came to my side again and ran her fingernails along my body, retracing the same path she took earlier. Her finger nails were long, slightly sharp and a very shiny black...like obsidian.

My body reacted with goose bumps. She smiled at my reaction. She went back down with her finger tips soothing my skin. 

She traced a large circle around my belly button with her finger nails then down my other thigh and back up my inner thigh. She continued up across my belly and chest, returning to my cheek. 

She laid her hand on my cheek. It was soft and warm. She gazed into my eyes and smiled. 

Every nerve in my body was firing. I could feel the tingling of the field that was restraining me.

She removed her hand from my face and leaned over my body. Her tentacles began exploring my body. Those tiny suckers were working and sensing every hair on my body. They felt like electricity moving across me. .

She moved up to my head. Her tentacles embraced my head and face. We were face to face. I lay there motionless...not for lack of desire to move bit because of the damned restraining field. She tilted her head slightly apparently sensing my frustration.

She closed those large purple eyes and I realized I was no longer alone in my head. She was trying to communicate with me.

The voice in my mind was very beautiful, almost singing to me. 

"Relax, you will not be harmed. I come here in peace. My name would translate to 96 in your language. My world was ravaged by a war, the enemy deployed a biological weapon that rendered all men sterile and eventually killed them..."

She continued...

"This was a mistake on their part because they assumed quite incorrectly that without males we would stop fighting. They did not realize that on my world the women were the intellectuals...we designed the weapons, developed the medicines...and ruled over the society. We deployed our ultimate weapon and turned their star into a singularity. We sat in our ships and laughed as their world was sucked past the event horizon, destroying their capacity to wage war ever again. We then hunted down the last of their fleet and eliminated them from the universe."

"We did this out of rage, passion if you will. This was ten thousand of your years ago. We have tried to find a way for our species to survive and even attempting to clone males from our own DNA but they were not functional. Our cloning abilities have reached their limit so we set out into the galaxy to hopefully find a compatible species."

"Do you understand? Will you help us?"

She knew the answer would be yes. She released her grip on me and went to the console. The table warmed slightly and suddenly I could move.

She returned and slipped her dress off her silky smooth body. Her skin was glistening as if it were covered in diamonds.

She had two perfectly formed breasts and her waist was long and slender. Her ass was beautifully round and those legs...damn they went on forever!

She slipped up on top of me. There was no need to even begin with any kind of foreplay I was rock hard and struggled to not take control of the situation. 

She let her tentacles explore my body including my cock and balls. I could feel all of my nerves lighting up. I can only imagine what it would be like to be a male of this species with matching biology to take full advantage of this stimulus.

She explored up my sides and to my head again. This time she was silent. Our eyes locked, my only thought was "kiss me..."

She leaned down and placed her soft full lips on mine. Our mouths meshed and her lips parted. She slipped her tongue into my mouth. It was forked and both parts moved independently. 

As our tongues intertwined, I couldn't help myself...all I could think was what an amazing blowjob she could give. 

No sooner had the thought crossed my mind she broke her embrace with my head and began sliding her way down my body...kissing an licking her way down. 

She moved to my nipples which were hard and erect and used just the tips of her tongue to squeeze them as she sucked on them.

Down even farther until she was finally faced with my hard cock. It was dripping precum already. She licked both sides of my shaft at the same time, wrapping around my cock.

She licked up the shaft to the head...her tongue moved effortlessly around the rim of my cock. Every movement she made produced more precum.

She licked my head clean and let out a beautiful moan. She enjoyed the flavor. One of the tips of her tongue slipped into my urethra a little. I was in love...I didn't care is she was green red or purple with yellow polka-dots. A woman with this talent was perfect!

She then move back down the shaft again. When she reached the base her tongue embraced my balls and she sucked then into her warm soft mouth.

She stopped and let me catch my breath. She sensed I was about to cum and she needed my seed to save her species.

She got on her knees and straddled my hips hovering just above my cock.

This was the first full view I got of her. What I assumed was her pussy looked normal enough except it seemed swollen and larger than a human.

I was mistaken...my eyes grew large as three tentacles emerged from her slit. They were wet and smooth and moved in a suggestive "come here" motion. Her slit was dripping all over my engorged cock...running down my balls and into the crack of my ass.

I didn't know what they were for but I was looking forward to finding out.

She shifted slightly and her vagina slid down out of her dripping slit. It reached down and engulfed my throbbing cock.

She kneeled motionless as her pussy did all the work. I wondered how she enjoyed it since is saw no signs of a clit to be stimulated.

Those tentacles began to work their magic. The two smaller ones wrapped around my balls. Squeezing them tight. I thought I was going to shoot my load right then.

The middle larger tentacle explored my ass crack and found my hole. It slid in deep and began probing my ass.

It started putting pressure on my prostate. I fucked her back..we moved in total rhythm; her pussy would slide down my shaft to the base as I pressed up unto her. Her tentacle would retract from my tight ass. Then the process would reverse as I pulled out. Her smaller tententaclesrked my balls into a total aching mess. 

I assumed she was enjoying this and that the tentacle in my ass was her equivalent of a clit...she began to glow. Not figuratively, but literally glow. Her head tossed back, eyes rolled back into her head, and she screamed. She was having an orgasm.

I couldn't hold out any longer. I shuddered and pressed hard up into her. The tentacle in my ass pressed hard on my prostate while the other squeezed my balls. Her pussy milked my pumping cock. My orgasm seemed to last forever. It felt like I released a gallon of cum. She pulled every drop from my body. 

I nearly passed out from the pleasure. My fingers and toes tingled and my head spun. It was pure ecstasy. 

She collapsed onto me for a moment, kissing me then gracefully slid off my exhausted body to the console. She retrieved a black metallic bracelet and placed it on my wrist.

She returned to the console and another flash of light and I found myself standing in my bathroom. I ran into my back yard and stood there totally naked staring up at the sky hoping she would return soon.