 At dawn one of the warriors untangled himself from Vera's leg and moved off in the direction of the river. The other two were still snoring away, wrapped happily around her. She was going to have to pee soon but for now she savored being well fucked by these horny monkey folk. She could hear Dravo and Estella starting the day right. Those two had paired off when she became the recipient of the mating dance. What a night! She'd serviced ten or eleven of these warriors, enjoying continuous orgasms. She wondered if she'd always been like this or if she'd ever had wild, hot sex in her previous life. Her attempts to probe her memories nearly always ended with the mysterious voice in her mind requesting [PASSWORD]. She was going to have to discover or remember this [PASSWORD] or else her previous life and control of those godlike powers she'd experienced would be an unpredictable event. Right now she needed to pee and something to eat. It was going to be a long days march to the lakeside village of Suraballa. 

Asawa, recently returned from scouting the rear, was at the river washing and refreshing himself after the long night's mission. He was glad to see Vera once again and they renewed their friendship on a flat rock beside the river. She enjoyed the one on one with the wiry scout and he soon had his face buried in her muff licking and tasting her clit while she sucked him off. Not a bad way to start the day. When they'd finished making the other tremble and explode with desire, Asawa sought out Dravo. He had to report. Dravo and Estella listened in post-coital silence as he related the events of his night's travel. 

"There were seven in the group heading into Davama's domain: six of the Bandit Clan and the large purple one who deals in slaves and strong poisons."

"Adak!" Estella hissed as she sprang to her feet! She called for her guard captain, Makella. "That vile Gamaran pervert has been spotted in the hills north of here. I want a force of twelve warriors to accompany me. You will lead this group back to my domain. I will lead the force to kill Adak myself.!" She turned to Dravo and Asawa. "I would be extremely in your debt if either of you would accompany me on this quest." She bowed her head.

Dravo spoke. "Let me first say that you are most beautiful when you are angry!" He smiled and continued: "Lady Estella, both of us would be honored to be among the warriors in your guard. I would first ask you to reconsider this course of action. 

This Adak has quite a head start on us" (he shot Asawa a glance who nodded) "and only he knows where he is going. We are assuming that he's headed to Davama's lair and it's probably a good assumption but what are we to do if his group reaches the lair first? The hill folk, disorganized as they are, will still put up quite a fight and I would much rather have a larger force to divide and confuse them. If they traveled all night along the river, they will have a substantial head start. I'm reluctant to jeopardize anyone's life at this point; there have been enough of our folk killed on this mission. We have dead to honor and bury, as do you. Besides, I'll be late for my wedding." 

Nodding reluctantly, she turned and faced the direction of Davama's lair. "That wily bastard has managed to thwart my every attempt to bring him in! You're right, I should wait and plot a more likely plan to capture him."

Dravo put a hand on her shoulder, saying, "I will help you, Lady Estella, but only after Salema is safely escorted to your village. I don't know this 'Adak', but I've met more than a few of those purple rascals! They always bear watching! You can fill me in on his crimes while we finish the trek to your territory."

The trek north and east to the slopes of the sacred volcano, Chulleva, was a major undertaking on minor planning. Adak hoped that he'd not regret making the decision to visit the crash site of the human woman, Vera. He knew, though, that he would regret not making the trek when he had the advantage that this opportunity afforded him. No gain was possible without some risk; the greater the gain, the higher the risk! That was basic Gamaran philosophy and morality. The advantage he strove for was worth more than the inconvenience and expense that this journey was costing him. He'd let Moprello lead the caravan of slaves and contraband back down the mountain to his redoubt in the river marshes near Estella's village. He'd rather have Moprello with him but there was no one else he could trust to take the slaves to his lair. So when he made the decision to trek northward into Tragon's High Valley domains he'd been able to recruit a guide from Davama's folk at the redoubt. That was fortunate because he'd also decided that time was of the essence. He had to find out anything he could about this woman and the key would be in the spacecraft that she'd arrived in. It had crashed west and north of the High Valley Clan's village -- Tragon's territory. He didn't relish sneaking into that one's domain; Tragon would have no interest selling any of his slaves. He would probably try to kill him if he were discovered in his territory, Estella had pronounced the death sentence on him. Most of these monkey folk had a profound sense of honor and decency; two traits that were not good for business. 

What a tale the High Mountain bandits told! The blonde woman, Vera, breaking free of her bonds to run amok; slaying a couple of dozen warriors of the High Mountain Clan and the Desert Clan she'd encountered on the path down the mountain. Apparently this Dravo Asta had launched a surprise attack and rescued both the human woman and Salema -- Tragon's daughter -whom the High Mountain folk had abducted. Dravo and the human woman had really torn those folks a new one! Adak was lucky that they hadn't freed all the merchandise, slaves, when they attacked. 

They were still burying the dead from the initial carnage and the subsequent dustup that Estella had put on them when Adak reached the redoubt. One of Davama's surviving lieutenants had assumed command and related the tale to him. What he told Adak convinced him that his first impression of the Vera woman was correct: she was either an imperial battle clone or some bio-enhanced derivative. Regardless, it was worth the risk to gain an advantage over her. She was worth enough to get him off this dung heap of a planet. Certainly she was worth more than enough to procure a ship and some larger opportunities. First, though, he had to find the spacecraft. His guide, Pollado, was so confident that he'd deferred his fee until they found the vessel. He claimed to have visited the site. Adak would find out soon enough how much truth there was in the primate's story. In the meantime, the rains flooded the low valleys and made the passage on the high trails precarious indeed! He'd risked much with this gambit, he hoped the rewards were worth it.

The rains started shortly after they broke camp and started the journey south. It rained harder as the day wore on. The river rose and blocked parts of the trail. They waded through some shallow fast running water till the party was at the base of a cliff. 

Asawa and Roga conferred with Dravo and Estella. 

Asawa said, "The river level could easily rise and put us in danger."

Estella snorted: "I would venture to say, young scout, that we are already in danger since we're cut off from the trail." She was sorry that she snapped at him but she needed options, not assessments!

"Not if we climb this cliff face. There is a high trail through the pass that we can take and avoid this flooding." 

"When will we arrive at Suballa's village?" 

Asawa shrugged, "Sometime late tomorrow." 

She touched his arm and smiled ruefully, "It's not as if we have much choice."

"No m'lady, we don't."

Dravo turned to Roga; "Will we need rope? This looks sheer to me." 

"No, m'lord, there's some trees to climb and a couple of rock falls to scale."

Asawa spoke to Estella, "M'lady, there is some shelter for Salema and yourself at the trail head. It will take most of the day to get there, especially with this rain." 

"We'd best get started."

The party scaled the cliff face quite easily and made its way to the summit trail. The eastern shores of the Great Lake were visible from the trailhead. Everyone looked out at the enormous river valley and the lake beyond. The view was spectacular even though the rain continued and there was some cloud cover. They followed the trail for some time until Roga indicated that there was suitable place to spend the night -- a rock overhang that was large enough for several people. Salema and her guards used that for shelter while tents were pitched along the trail. 

Estella sought out Vera and invited her to sleep in her tent. Vera accepted and climbed inside; there was room for both of them but no others. Estella used her firekit to light a candle and offered Vera some spongeleaves. They dried off and unwrapped the bedrolls. These had been stowed in oilskins so the bedding, at least, was dry. Outside the rain continued to drum on the oiled skin of the tent. A small waterfall was washing part of the trail out next to the tent. 

Estella extinguished the candle when they'd finished drying off. She snuggled close to Vera and stroked the smooth stomach and thighs of the larger woman. They'd removed their clothing and hung it to dry from the tent poles. She kissed and sucked Vera's nipple as her hand worked it's way to Vera's sex. Vera squirmed as Estella's fingers teased her clit and stroked the lips of her cunt. Estella firmly bit the nipple as Vera gasped and writhed. She was panting and sliding a finger up Estella's ass. Estella's tail stroked Vera's back and ass.

They soon passed the point of no return. Vera came as lightning flashed overhead. Estella was right behind her. 

Vera awoke while someone, Estella, teased and sucked her clit. The rain beat a tatoo on the tent as Estella licked that tasty slit. Vera put her foot against Estella's hot, wet cunt. She humped away on the big toe as her tail wrapped around Vera's ankle.Vera bucked against that tongue and let herself go, coming and coming on the monkey-queen's tongue. She felt Estella's cunt grip her big toe tightly as the monkey-woman found release.