 Amelia woke from her sleep noticing that something was very wrong; the bed that she was on wasn't her own. Her bed was very soft, had a sweet scent of flowers coming off of it, but the one that she was on now was hard and had a pungy odor to it. She was the Virgin Queen that ruled over Femdara, a land that was mostly inhabited by the humans. She was a part of a strict religious order that bond people to a moral code that they must follow.

More than five hundred years ago a new religion was formed by some of the human's teaching purity and outlawing sinful acts. Sex was sinful outside of marriage, any sexual encounter with nonhuman or same sex was a crime against their holy Goddess. They believed that mixing the bloodline with non-humans was one of the highest forms of impurity, especially breeding with an orc; it was punishable by death.

Femdara had nine different kingdoms within it, and it was the goal of each new queen to add another kingdom to Femdara. It was believed by them that only a pure woman of noble birth could be the Virgin Queen and when she becomes the queen of the world, peace will reign forever on Femdara. War was only encouraged when they had the advantage and the kingdom of Aldumra was the church's next target.

The queen was never allowed to experience any kind of sexual pleasure and must keep her virginity intact to rule. All of the girls in training to be the next queen were assigned a guardian to protect their virginity and were trained in controlling their sexual impulses. They were isolated from men beside the old priests that couldn't spark any desire within them to teach them.

Every generation three girls from noble families were picked to be raised by the priests to keep them pure. They were put in a safe location to replace the queen when she could no longer rule and were protected by elite female soldiers. These soldiers didn't have to stay pure, but many did take a vow of chastity to show their commitment to their future queen.

Amelia was eighteen when she became the tenth Virgin Queen but was the first one of them to have red hair. The first Virgin Queen was only fifteen with long blonde hair symbolizing purity in the physical form and was the minimum age that the church would allow a princess to be the queen. She wasn't just picked between the two other girls but also all the other generations of women that failed to become the queen in the past. She was picked to be the next queen for her youth and the strength that she showed during their test.

The bed that she was on was surrounded by a cage with magical torches giving off enough light to keep her well lit but gave off no heat. The space between each bar was wide enough to place her head through but was too small for her body to escape through. There was enough space within the cage for a small bed and a few feet of walking space around it. She saw nothing but darkness outside of the cage, and the void filled her with fear.

The white gown that she had on last night was now gone, and there was nothing within the cage that she could use to cover her naked body with. Being captured was frightening enough but being naked as well didn't make the matter easier to handle. Amelia tried to hide her body by sitting in a fetal position to keep her dignity intact, and for the first time, she felt powerless.

No man had ever seen her naked before, and she now feared that this may no longer be true. The thought of someone undressing her made her feel violated and dirty. She hoped that no liberties were taken with her body but was too clueless about sex to know for sure. The priests only told her that it was evil and that she should fear it.

Amelia sat in silence for an hour before she heard footsteps coming toward her. The echoing sound that the footsteps made grew louder and it filled her with fear. She felt her body starting to shake, and the pounding of her heart within her chest. She held her arms tightly around her legs to keep her body still but while keeping her body covered.

The figure that emerged from the darkness was a beautiful woman with long black hair and a familiar face. It belonged to a servant girl named Mary that she had removed from her duty after catching her in a sinful act. That was almost six months ago after taking the throne and she couldn't let her action go unpunished. Only the purest things could touch her and the servant girls were ordered to stay pure themselves.

Amelia first met Mary four years ago when she was assigned to take care of her growing needs. They both were the same age and that was where their similarity ended. Mary was taller than she was with darker skin tone and eyes. She gave off an aura that Amelia didn't like at first. She wanted to hate Mary but there was something about the girl that she liked, and she felt drawn to her.

She spotted Mary through an open window one day embracing a man against a tree. Amelia didn't know at first what she was seeing and took her eyes a moment to adjust. They were a good distance away but were close enough for her to recognize what Mary was doing was wrong. They were little out of focus but saw enough to figure out what was happening.

She watched in shock and felt that she was betrayed by her servant action. She sent Mary outside of the castle walls to find some flowers for her room but not to break her sacred vow to her. Amelia reported Mary to the priests before having the girl thrown from the castle with nothing but the clothes on her back. Amelia watched as Mary pleaded that she was innocent to the two guards as they dragged her away. There was no mistaking what she saw Mary doing and the pain that it caused her.

She felt a familiar feeling stirring within her but tried to fight against it. She was too prideful to acknowledge even to herself what those feeling could really mean. She pretended that she didn't like Mary but deep down she was harbouring forbidden desires for her. Amelia rolled her eyes in fake disgust when their eyes met and fought against the urge to smile at her.

Amelia tried pushing back those feeling before they could be seen. She didn't want anyone knowing that she felt things for girls and wanted to embrace them. She wanted to hold them close to her body but outside of that, she didn't know what else to do with them. She knew that Mary was somehow involved and that she would use that secret against her. She put on her strong queen face and tried to show that she felt nothing but disdain toward the girl. She looked at her like she was nothing but a bug that had no meaning next to her.

She was shocked by how Mary was dressed but tried to act disgusted by it. Amelia actually liked what she saw but couldn't show it. Mary was showing way too much of her body in the dress that she was wearing. Amelia felt her body starting to react to it with a confusing feeling that she didn't understand or control. Mary wasn't a stranger to her but couldn't understand why she was feeling this way toward her. She did make her feel things before but nothing like this.

The dress had a deep v cut revealing two fleshy orbs sticking halfway out of it. Amelia didn't know what they were called because the priests wouldn't teach her such knowledge. Whatever they were called she knew that she liked looking at them. There were also the two small things poking through the thin material of her dress that was big around as her little pinky finger. She didn't know what they were either but liked them just the same. The dress stopped an inch under the girl's groin leaving two long silky legs mostly visible. Amelia had never seen another woman's legs before and found them strangely attractive.

The women at her castle were always fully dressed covering their body from their neck to their feet. She had never even seen her own body before and was blindfolded whenever she needed to be undressed or during her daily bathing. Under no circumstance was she ever allowed to touch herself or see herself nude. It took five servants to bathe her and they were trained in how not to arouse her. They were the only ones that were ever allowed to see her naked.

She was bathed in a special way where it wouldn't lead to some unwanted desire and they used a rough cloth to clean her body with. She never questions anything that they told her accepting on faith that this is how things must be done. Amelia did wonder what her body actually looks like and at times the servant girls too. It was more out of curiosity than sexual interests but at times those interests were sexual.

It was hard for her growing up denying her sexual desires, but it got easier over time. She felt frustrated over those feelings and took it out on her servants. She didn't know why she did that and didn't like being mean to them. The servants were the closest thing that she had to a family or a friend. It was lonely for her because she wasn't allowed to be anything but the queen.

"I demand that you give me some clothes and let your master know that I will have his head for this. If you let me go now and do just as I say, I will let you keep your head."

"I think not my pet and you will be my guest until my fun with you is done. I might get you something to wear but only if you spread your lovely legs to show me the wet lips of your delicate little flower," Mary said in a teasing tone.

"How dare you speak to me like that, and you will refer to me as your queen! I will have you flogged for this, and you will regret ever taking me," Amelia said jumping to her feet in a fit of rage.

Amelia didn't realize what she just did until it was too late and felt foolish for her rash action. She just exposed herself to Mary and felt the need to hide but it was pride that kept her standing there. She didn't want to show how vulnerable she was feeling that she gave Mary an angry glare to hide how weak she felt. She was a queen and a queen always showed strength. 

Time seemed to have stopped making the moment more terrifying for her until her strength faded away. She soon lost her nerve before sitting back down on the bed in the fetal position. Losing her temper and acting like a foolish peasant girl made her look weak. Amelia knew in a situation like this showing any weakness could encourage her enemy to be bolder with their action against her.

"I got to say that you looked very good naked and nothing beats a girl with a red bush. Your tits are amazing too, with perfect little pink nipples that I could suck on for days. Why don't you spread those legs of yours and let me see your real treasure?" 

Amelia was taken back by Mary's words and figured that she was trying to make her uncomfortable. She didn't think that she was serious but she barely understood the meaning behind those words. She knew that it must be sexual in nature but she lacks the carnal knowledge to fully understand it. She held back her tongue because she didn't want to make a fool of herself again.

Amelia watched as Mary leaned against the cage stepping on one of the bar elevating her left leg high enough that it raised her dress. She could see that Mary wasn't wearing any underpants and wanted to turn her head away, but she felt compelled to keep looking. She has never seen another girl's private area before and found it to be beautifully alluring. The girl's pubic hair was neatly trimmed and there was something about it that made her mouth water.

She felt a tingly sensation as well as a warm feeling slowly moving through her body and a little wetness forming between her legs. This wasn't the first time that she felt this way but she learned to ignore such feeling. Things were a little different now because she never had such visual stimulation before and had a hard time focusing. Amelia stared at Mary's groin like she was hypnotized by it and was unable to break eye contact with it.

"Do you like what you see?"

"Yes . . . no! What . . . uh . . . Whatever do you mean?"

Amelia felt embarrassed from what she was caught staring at and couldn't believe that she said yes. It was the truth but Mary didn't need to know that. She tried to play it off as it wasn't but her rambling wasn't too convincing and she was making a fool out of herself again. She fought against the urge to look back but her desires were stronger and couldn't resist taking another glance.

"You were looking at my . . . dress."

Mary was teasing her with a lingering pause before saying dress and Amelia knew just what she was really referring to. She didn't want to play the girl game because she knew it will make her look weak. She hated that Mary was keeping her legs open enticing her to keep looking. Amelia didn't want to do it out of pride but knew that she soon will lose that fight. Things were getting out of control for her and Amelia needed to show that she wasn't a weak queen. 

"Yes, I do. I would like to tie that dress around your throat and choke the last breath out of you with it."

She didn't really mean it but only said it to make her look strong. Amelia didn't want Mary to know that she was getting to her. Mary was pushing all the right buttons with her and making her feels things that she couldn't handle. She didn't know how to fight against those desires that was growing inside of her. She couldn't concentrate enough to fight against those feeling because she was focusing on forbidden desires.

"I would like to crawl between your legs to make you moan like a whore. Why don't you spread your legs for me and let me see your beautiful juicy cunt? I can change your world with a lick of my tongue." 

Amelia felt her jaw dropped from the shock of what she just heard and couldn't believe what Mary said to her. Amelia realized that she was powerless to do anything to stop Mary from saying those things to her. She knew that her lack of power was giving Mary the courage to be crude to her. There was nothing that she could do at the moment and needed a new plan. The more she pushed back the more vulgar Mary became and was afraid of what she might do.

She didn't think Mary would do anything to her physically but only wanted to upset her. She was a woman and only a man could do sexual things to a woman. She didn't know that for sure because the priests kept her ignorant about sex. Far as she knows women did it all the time and the thought of being touch by Mary scared her. Not that she feared Mary forcing herself on her but because part of her was wanting her to. She didn't like how weak Mary was making her feel and was doing her best not to give in to her desires.

Amelia did wonder about sex and what it was. The priests never talked about it in details but only warned her about the danger of it. The priests taught her that sex would leave a stain on her soul and only an uncorrupted soul could speak for the Goddess. She truly believed what they told her, and it was her duty to speak for the Goddess, no matter what the cost may be. She never touched herself even when she wanted to but she never has been tempted like she was now. The methods that the priests gave her to fight off those desires were barely working and could feel her strength fading.

One priest did warn her that she might develop feelings toward the same sex and he explained how that could happen. Growing up with no men around her she might project her desires for them onto another woman. She thought that was why she has been feeling toward women because she really wanted a man. She didn't know that the priest was a fool feeding her lies to keep her under their control.

Since becoming the queen she had encountered other men beside the old priests but only important ones that held power, and they all wore disguises to hide their appearances from her. Even with all that it didn't stop her from feeling attracted toward one of them. She found the man voice to be sweet as honey and made her have a strange feeling. Amelia had felt things for both sexes before but nothing like she did with Mary. 

"It is your fault that you are in this mess right now. I didn't do those things that you accused me of doing. Your blindness to the truth had caused me much pain, but now you will listen to me and know just what really happened on that day."

"Ok, I will listen but please can I have something to wear?" Amelia asked with fake politeness and hated that she said please to the girl.

Amelia didn't really want to listen to Mary but was only amusing her for a chance at getting some clothes. She knew just what happened that day and there was no mistaking what she saw. She was hoping by playing nice that she would make sure Mary would get her some clothes. Amelia didn't want to risk upsetting Mary and lose any chance at getting some.

"After I tell you just what really happened I will get you something to wear but one thing before we start. Why don't you get yourself comfortable before we begin and stretch out your legs?"

Amelia held her jaw firmly shut because she about to say something crude and figured that Mary was just trying to get her upset. She thought the best way to beat her was to do as she said but only to a point. She kept her arms crossed over her chest and her legs tightly shut. She tried to convince herself that it was okay but to no avail. She felt embarrassed and ashamed for letting her body to be on display but didn't think that she had any other choice. Despite showing more of her body, the new position was more comfortable for her and it felt good to stretch out her legs.

Amelia noticed Mary's eyes scanning her body until her eyes stopped at her groin. A thick patch of red hair could be clearly seen between her legs and Mary was staring at it. She thought it was a ploy to set her up for an attack but she wasn't going let Mary play her like that. She was hoping by not playing her game would make her stop. The vulgar things the girl was saying to her were getting to her and didn't like how it made her feel. Amelia didn't want to admit Mary attention was having an effect on her and was confused by it.

Amelia listened carefully as Mary started to speak about the hardship of being a servant and their daily routine. She confessed to breaking only one rule but explained that all of the servants did. They worked long hours in the heat and needed to break it to make it through the day. The priests made them wear these uncomfortable large undergarments that they must wear all year round. It was during those hot summer days that they went without wearing any undergarments to do their jobs.

Amelia knew just how miserable it was to wear so many layers of clothes on a hot day and felt sympathy for her servants. The undergarments that she had to wear nearly covered her whole body and were uncomfortable at times. She was just as restricted to what she could wear as her servants were but she never thought to break that rule as they did. It never occurred to Amelia that she could do things that didn't go with the priests' belief and live her life by her own choices. 

Mary explained that no one could tell under their servant clothes that they weren't wearing any undergarments. The black skirt and bodice that they wore over their white muslin underdress did hide that fact. Never did she ever suspected something was missing but knew it was easy to miss things when you are not looking for them. Mary went on to tell her how good it felt having room for her body to breathe and the comfort that it gave her.

Amelia realized being naked felt nice without all those restraints on her body and felt her self starting to relax. Amelia allowed her body to readjust itself to a more comfortable position as she went on listening to Mary's story. She unconsciously let her arms fall to her side and spread her legs slightly apart but just enough for a wet swollen slit to be seen. Amelia didn't know the signs that someone was aroused but Mary did and knew that Amelia was finally ready.
