 The sun began to streak in through the narrow window in the stonewall. I shivered and blinked, slowly waking up and pulling my fur blanket closer to my chin. Finally I felt ready to get up. Crossing the cold stone floor, I stared down into a basin of water, which was so still that I saw my reflection quite clearly. I combed my hair with a boar's bristle brush, allowing my fingers to brush across my pointed ears. I smiled at myself. Then I pulled a robe of delicate, glistening fabric over my head and adjusted the gold band the encircled my head and dark hair. A glance out the window revealed an already active kingdom full of magic and hard but happy workers.

My little silk slippers barely made a noise on the stairs as I descended, noticing all the old cracks beneath my feet. Out of boredom as I went I touched my nipples, noticing that they showed through my gowns. I felt like a sensual creature and wondered if any wandering knights would grace the elf palace this day. I had been unusually lonely lately, but not painfully so, for I was happy working my magic and helping my old father rule his people. But it had been so long since I had fancied a man or another elf, or any other creature for that matter. Several years ago, when I was 18, a wandering elf from a small village across the mountains had stayed in our town for a while. He enchanted me with his mischievous smile, long delicate fingers, and searching eyes. I visited him at night, and sometimes during the day. We lay together like petals on the same flower, our skin tingling with the passion that passed between us as we joined together in growth. Just his breathing had made my heart race. He was a wanderer though, and chose to move on. Now I was 21, and was becoming anxious to explore the world and perhaps become an adventurer. 

Later in the morning, my thoughts proved to be prophetic, for I heard hoof beats outside. I stepped out onto a balcony and discreetly watched a huge bay horse clatter to a sudden stop. Wearing chain mail and leather, the rider was young and strong. I could tell by his movements. His hair was almost black, and it was tangled from a fight, perhaps. I smiled as I imagined him battling an evil foe. Quickly I ran down to the throne room and stood beside my father, the elfin king. As I knew he would, the young man entered, walking slowly and painfully. He had round ears and solid figure. A human… He knelt before my father and said, "My name is Arius. I fought the trolls in Groveland and have fled to this place..." 

Father cut him off and said, "Are you wounded, Arius?"

"I am, my lord. I don't think it's serious."

"Breena, could you attend to Arius? There is a fresh store of herbs and poultices in the healing room cupboard."

He spoke to me. I nodded and boldly touched Arius's chin, then his hand, causing him to rise and follow me. I tried to walk elegantly. I led him down several corridors and then into a room with an open roof and luxurious pillows spread on the flat rocks that served as beds around the room. There was a fountain at one end and a glittering tree at the other. I bade him lie down on a bed. 

"Where is your wound?" I asked him quietly.

"Below my ribcage, and to the side." 

I gently removed his chain mail shirt, but left his cotton tunic and his leather armbands. I unbuckled the belt that held his sword, and pulled his pants partway down. I didn't want to embarrass him, but I had to expose the area around his wound. I looked at it. It was red, and bleeding a bit. A trail of blood trickled down his side, onto the blanket. I asked him what had made the strange wound, and he said that it was the spear of a troll. First I dipped a piece of cloth into the fountain, soaking it in the healing waters. I pressed it to his wound, and he made a little noise. I stroked his cheek to comfort him. He was very handsome, and had blue eyes. I also applied a special poultice to his wound, bandaged it, and spoke a special elfish prayer of healing. Then he spoke to me.

"I'm a bit uncomfortable in my clothes. Would you help me undress?"

I ran my eyes down the length of his body and bit my lip. I would help him, but I could not guarantee that I would refrain from helping him with a few other things after that. With a smile I unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it away from his shoulders, drawing each arm out of its sleeve. I unbuckled the leather cuffs on his lower arms, and tossed them aside. I took away his belt, and dropped it to the ground. Then he arched his back, lifting his bottom away from the pillows below him. I loosened his pants and slid them downward. His penis lay against one thigh. The thick hair around it glistened slightly. I had to look away. I pulled his boots off and completely removed his pants. Kneeling beside him and staring at his ear, I whispered, "Are you more comfortable now?"

"Yes," he said under his breath, which sounded extremely sexy. I reached out and rubbed his shoulders, helping him relax. 

"Does that please you?" I asked him. He nodded and I allowed my hands to explore his torso, but avoided his wound. Then I leaned in and gently kissed his ear, allowing my hot breath to blow into the canal. He sighed heavily and I noticed his penis began to move. I kissed his ear and then his neck and cheek more passionately. He turned and kissed me right on the lips. It was warm, soft, and satisfying. I smelled him and tasted him, and continued to rub his chest. I looked down and saw that he was hard and ready for love. I looked right into his eyes stood up. He watched as I stripped layers of fabric from my skin, caressing myself as the dress fell from my breasts, then my stomach, and my legs. He said something about my beauty, and reached up to run his fingers down my hair. 

I placed one leg on each side of his hips, and knelt, leaning down to kiss his fair face. He winced in pain and I realized that this position would hurt him too much. My mind began to explore other ways that we would be able to make love. I felt desperate to experience this stranger in every way possible. His face also wore a ponderous expression. Then he carefully sat up, and pushed my shoulders down until I was on hands and knees. He was strong and did not show much pain as he inched towards me. His hands sent electricity through me as he rubbed my back and finally my breasts. His fingers reached around my backside and gently pinched my nipples. I breathed in sharply. He ran his hand down my stomach and gently placed his palm between my legs. He began to press harder, and then allowed one finger to break from the rest of his fingers so that it slid across my clitoris. I jumped a bit and he did it again. Slow circles with his finger around my bud speeded up my breathing. Then I felt him pressing against my opening from behind. He slid in easily, for I had loved before. One of his hands continued to stimulate me while the other pinched my nipples. I began to pound backwards against his pelvis. I quickly realized that this position felt divine, and it didn't take me long to release all my pleasure in a beautiful orgasm. I felt magic between us. I was waiting for him to do the same inside of me, but he stopped and lay back against the pillows. 

I sat with him, not wanted to leave his rod. But then I got up and turned around. I wrapped my hands around his large, beautiful cock and it was very slippery with my own juices as I rubbed it up and down very sensually. I lowered my face and kissed its head, then suddenly enclosed its entire length in my mouth. I sucked very hard while I looked up at his face. His eyes were closed and he breathed very quickly. His face was gripped with passion and he wrapped one of his own hands around the bottom of his penis while I licked the rest of it. Then I tasted a salty sweetness on my tongue. I swirled the fluid around in my mouth and then swallowed it deliberately. Then I lowered my mouth even more and gently licked his balls, carefully drawing each one into my mouth. He moaned and then his penis began to get limp. I pulled myself up and lay beside him, gently kissing his cheek, nose, eyes, chin, and neck. We began to talk about our pasts, presents, and futures, exploring the things that would bind us together before we slept peacefully beneath the glittering sky.

In the morning I as a bit surprised to be in the arms of a man, but then I was purely happy and comforted. I woke him gently and we rose together and dressed. I rang a silver bell and an elf came in carrying a tray with breakfast. We ate the fruit and nuts and then went for a walk outside. We passed a pasture with horses and marveled at how beautiful they looked in the morning light. I asked Arius how long he would stay.

"Not much longer. I must find the other members of my band."

"Please, allow me to come with you."

"How is that possible? Though I adore you, a woman among warriors is a burden."

"But what if I were a warrior?" I said it with such defiance that I believe he heard my dream in my voice. He silently drew his sword and handed it to me. I help it upright in front of my face and touched the blade. It was sharper than I expected and some blood sprang from my finger. He pointed to an invisible line in the air and told me to attack it. I swung the blade round and sliced through the imaginary place. 

"You handle the sword well for one of your experience"

"What experience?" I teased him. "You don't know that I've been handling blades since I was young. We all do in this kingdom. This is my chance to journey and fight, as I long to. I will accompany you, and we will have new horses and supplies. "

He couldn't argue. Especially when I approached him and pressed my hand against his groin. 

The next day I dressed in men's clothing with a shiny new shirt of chain mail. I braided my hair in a way that proudly exposed my elfin ears. Arius decided that I looked enchanting in the clothes of battle. With that we rode off, despite what my father said to me on the subject. I promised to return. We galloped across shires and allowed the wind to blow in our hair. At night we made love in the moss and laughed at the smiling stars. I had no idea what kind of adventures lay ahead, but my knight was battling closer to my heart each moment.