 Gisela of Rugenstadt returned to the humble village of Lendorf by morning. She arrived as something of a mythical figure, a mirage in the form of a living hourglass of a woman clad in armor that did almost nothing to hide her nudity. A gathering throng of villagers stood silently as Gisela emerged from the fetid bog, the paladin's unmistakable figure illuminated by golden shafts of light cast by the morning sun. Many of the unspeaking watchers had not expected Gisela to return from the Blood Marsh — not alive at least — while others had feared an even more tragic fate for the boulder-breasted blonde. Yet Gisela proved victorious in her quest, and she proudly displayed the proof of her deeds. She held aloft a putrid trophy in each plate-armored hand, taken from the rotting corpses of each abomination felled the prior evening. In her right hand she clutched a large, gelatinous eye colored a sickly yellow, and in her left she grasped a severed tendril-like appendage ending with a massive pincer. The bewilderment of the gathering villagers quickly melted into elation at the sight of the grotesque prizes. The congregation erupted with a joyous fervor, and a cacophony of shouts and praises resounded across the small settlement, drawing even more villagers from their thatched hovels to investigate the commotion. Gisela had returned an avenging hero, though it was evident from lustful stares and awkwardly bulging britches that some of the adoring peasants were more interested in her obscenely fat, wobbling breasts and her enormous behind than they were with her valiant deeds. 

Gisela marched through the jubilant crowd wearing a triumphant smile upon her regal visage. She cut through the celebrating throng with a determined step, her nearly-naked figure jiggling wildly past nearly forty grateful and dirtied commoners. The warrior-woman's armor was scandalously revealing and it struggled to restrain her colossal curves as she walked through the mob. Her "breastplate" merely consisted of two triangular steel bulwarks that shielded the twenty-five year old's tiny pink nipples, leaving the preponderance of Gisela's gigantic alabaster mounds freely exposed. Below an astonishingly narrow waist, a strip of steel defended the paladin's womanly cleft but traitorously abandoned her behemoth backside. The thing disappeared hopelessly between the beauty's immensely padded cheeks, much to the enjoyment of the male villagers that marveled mindlessly at the well-toned spheres. A curious black sludge clung to each of the mountainous globes - the vile outcome of a now-dead monster's final sexual release - but the leering men lacked the insight, or perhaps the depravity, to consider what the foul substance might have been. 

The buxom paladin at last reached the wooden lodge that stood in Lendorf's center. The building was the largest in the modest village and it easily dwarfed the pitiful huts that surrounded it, though it paled in comparison with the magnificent structures Gisela was accustomed to seeing in Rugenstadt. While it was haphazardly constructed and thoroughly worn by the ravages of nature, the cabin nevertheless served as Lendorf's court of law and seat of administration. Gisela gently pushed the door open with a plated foot, her hands still busy holding the gruesome trophies harvested from the two slain monsters. 

She found the magistrate sitting at a large desk of carved wood with a quill in his right hand. The man appeared to be in his early fifties. Distinguished silver had overtaken his hair and his cropped beard, and a number of wrinkles had developed on his aging face. He wore a simple but well-fitting black tunic over his slight frame. The sitting man's brown eyes met Gisela's sapphires as the paladin approached him. 

"The Sisterhood of the Dauntless Rose has heeded your call," Gisela said proudly, placing the slain fish-man's gelatinous eye upon the magistrate's desk with a soft squish. The magistrate grimaced at the ugly token. 

"The rapist from the Blood Marsh lays dead, and by Wōdun's divine grace another vile monster with it," Gisela continued, placing her second prize next to the sickly yellow orb. The severed appendage messily extended across the magistrate's desk. "Your village will be menaced no longer." 

The magistrate stared intently at the ghastly items despoiling his desk. His countenance slowly shifted from disgust to guarded curiosity as he inspected them, studying the vile remnants with a contemplative sternness. 

"This is the beast that caused so much suffering?" the silver-haired man asked incredulously, gently prodding the fish-man's rotting yellowed orb with his quill. The magistrate pried his eyes from the sickly globe and looked up at Gisela. "You have done us a great service in destroying this foul thing, my lady." 

"I cannot claim glory in the mongrel's death. It was slain by a greater abomination as I approached," Gisela said, pointing at the massive serrated pincer capping the second monstrous trophy. 

The magistrate examined the scythe-like claw with a renewed inquisitiveness. 

"What was this creature?" he asked with a furrowed brow, his brown eyes still fixed on the natural weapon of a monster now dead. 

"An unnatural one. Never have I seen its like. It was twice again the size of a man, with a dread aspect not unlike a diseased tree. The thing met its end all the same, laid low by my hammer. Wōdun be praised!" 

The buxom paladin intentionally withheld her suspicion that the monster was not of the world, but rather a daemon conjured from the Dark Beyond. Gisela knew such talk was dangerous, and it had a tendency to spread chaos and fear in its wake. She also kept secret the events that transpired immediately prior to the abomination's demise. The vile creature's final act was one of unspeakable sexual depravity. The daemon had ejaculated upon Gisela's massive, jiggling ass as the voluptuous paladin flailed about helplessly in its clutches, and its disgusting load clung to the blonde beauty's smooth, padded cheeks even now. 

"Wōdun be praised," the magistrate echoed before rising from his chair. "On behalf of the people of Lendorf, I thank you for bringing order and justice to our village." The man bowed in appreciation. 

"You need not thank me. The Sisterhood stands vigilant to protect the realm from all threats sorcerous and inhuman, as it has for centuries," Gisela said with a magnanimous smile. 

"That it has. Where now do you go, Sister?" 

"I leave for Rugenstadt come dawn. My matriarch will be eagerly awaiting my account, of that I am certain. Have you any food or fresh water to spare for the journey, the Sisterhood would be thankful." 

"Of course. I will see to it that you are well-supplied for your return home. It is the least Lendorf can do to repay you," the magistrate answered with a warm nod. 

"I am also in dire need of a hot bath." 

The magistrate made good on his pledge. He provided Gisela with a small assortment of dried meats, cheeses, and fruits taken from the village's larder, and sent his page to fill the buxom paladin's water pouches at a nearby stream. He also arranged for a hot bath to be prepared for the muck-covered hourglass of a woman. The village's shoemaker, a man named Ludwin, graciously offered his humble home as a place of relaxation and solitude for the curvaceous beauty, and for that Gisela was immensely grateful. 

Ludwin's home was a simple and shoddy dwelling, but Gisela was nevertheless content with the accommodation. Like most of the dwellings in Lendorf, the place was a small circular hut made of wood, mud, and straw. A wooden tub was situated in the center of the hovel and it was filled to the brim with steaming water in anticipation of Gisela's arrival. A desiccated sea sponge and a large square of stitched wool were generously provided as well, the instruments of scrubbing and drying left within reaching distance of the inviting pool. The pitiful dwelling was violated by a draft, the cool air from outside undoubtedly skirting the flimsy and clumsily erected wooden door that shielded the place's entrance. 

Once inside the hut, Gisela wasted little time in unfastening the leather band that held her skimpy armor to her immense bosom. Her strong but feminine fingers deftly defeated the simple binding, and the triangular steel guards of the beauty's breastplate sprang free and fell onto the floor with a loud clang. Gisela's gigantic alabaster breasts - already eager to burst through the scandalously diminutive armor that confined them - wobbled madly with their newfound freedom. The massive things jutted out proudly like two ripe harvest melons, retaining their perfectly spherical shape and upright orientation even without support. Gisela let out a sigh of much-needed relief as the backbreaking giants were liberated from their steel prisons. 

Her plated gauntlets and greaves were discarded next, and lastly her armored thong. The last bit of armor always proved challenging to remove, so utterly did the narrow strip of steel disappear between the humongous cheeks of Gisela's ass. The paladin had to bend over at the waist and repeatedly tug the thing until the endlessly deep cleft of her buttocks finally surrendered its captive. The tiny piece of armor soon clattered to the floor, a diminutive crown atop a pile of the young woman's belongings. 

Gisela was at last fully nude in that humble sanctuary. Her tiny pink nipples stood erect, a curiosity that puzzled the Saxen warrior-woman. She was uncertain if it was the kiss of the cool air that made the beautiful peaks rise to attention or if it was the peculiar anxiety she felt only when she was naked. Baring her impossibly buxom figure in its full glory was disquieting for the blonde beauty even in solitude, an irony not lost on a sister-paladin accustomed to wearing scandalously revealing armor in her travels. Gisela felt vulnerable and defenseless in her nudity, always half-expecting some wretched goblin or nightmarish daemon to pounce from the shadows to assail her unprotected body with lascivious intent. 

The huge-breasted young woman glanced bashfully at her most coveted of treasures. Between powerfully built thighs of hardened muscle was the sacred grove of Gisela's sex, a pristine cleft graced with a modest bush of soft golden hair. Gisela was a virgin as required by her order, her virtue pledged eternally to the Sisterhood of the Dauntless Rose as a testament of faith and devotion. However, the carnal desires of man and monster were known to even an anointed sister-paladin, and she zealously guarded her immaculate temple from those seeking trespass. 

The vivid memory of battling a tentacled, tree-shaped horror slowly crept into Gisela's mind, followed by a whirlwind of thoughts that soon overwhelmed the fat-assed beauty. They assailed her, phantoms of grasping pincers and unblinking amber eyes, of throbbing appendages, of attempted rape in a manner most foul and violent. Gisela shuddered. Only an armored thong made of steel - and Wōdun's mercy - had shielded her womanhood from certain defilement. Unable to violate the paladin's cherished flower, the frustrated monster instead slid its grotesque "penis" between the enormous spheres of Gisela's ass until it erupted in horrific climax. The renewed thought of the now-dead abomination's unborn spawn still clinging to the soft, padded flesh of her buttocks was enough to send a chill down Gisela's spine, and the ensuing urge to cleanse herself finally goaded her into action. She stepped into the tub and gave herself to its warmth. 

Gisela let out a whimper of satisfaction as she sank into the comforting pool of steaming water. The modest wooden tub proved a blissful sanctuary for the voluptuous blonde paladin, even if she did keep a watchful sapphire eye fixed on the flimsy wooden door of the hovel. She had noticed how some of the local peasants ogled her immense curves, and she did not ignore the possibility that one of them might be bold enough to violate her privacy. 'Men lose their wits and restraint upon seeing my voluptuousness,' Gisela thought to herself, bemused and mildly disgusted at the memory of lustful eyes surveying her impossibly curvaceous figure. The Saxen beauty glanced down at the floating fleshy titans that attracted so much trouble. Her enormous breasts were outrageously buoyant in the bath, the top halves of the massive alabaster globes proudly jutting up and over the hot water. 'Why do large breasts make monsters of men?' she naively wondered. 

What Gisela did not realize was that she was being watched even now. Unbeknownst to the sister-paladin, the hovel's owner spied upon her nubile form from a hidden vantage. Ludwin had taken a position along the exterior of the shoddy redoubt and peered inward through an opportune, almost imperceptible breach in the hut's wall. The dwelling was located on the far northeastern edge of Lendorf and situated between several towering ancient trees, ensuring that the perverted observer would remain unseen as he pleasured himself. He stood with mouth agape and brown trousers bunched around his scrawny ankles, furiously tugging his erect mushroom as he raped Gisela's nude body with his beady green eyes. The naked adventuress bathing before him was a paragon of feminine allure unlike anyone he had ever seen, with pillowy lips, smooth skin of ivory, and long tresses of golden wheat. However, it was not Gisela's regal, undiluted Saxen beauty that truly beguiled him. 

"Such massive tits," Ludwin unconsciously whispered to himself in a hushed, almost reverent tone. It seemed impossible to the cobbler that Gisela's frame could even support her prodigious breasts. The flawless orbs were plump and inviting, and each was capped with an elegant pink nipple just begging to be suckled. Impossibly deep cleavage formed between the fleshy giants, the pillowy canyon promising a hopelessly suffocating embrace for even the largest of throbbing cocks. It was precisely that fantasy Ludwin conjured in his lust-maddened mind as he stroked his underwhelming manhood to Gisela. He imagined himself mounting the paladin's enormous breasts and furiously riding the wobbling behemoths, envisioning his own gangly frame atop the supine adventuress as Gisela dutifully pressed together her bouncing monsters with feminine hands. Never before in his miserable life had the shoemaker desperately desired anything as much as he yearned to have sex with Gisela's backbreakingly huge breasts and erupt between them. 

The blonde beauty scrubbed herself thoroughly in her false solitude, using the provided sea sponge to diligently remove the mud and sweat that befouled her naked body. She invested the preponderance of her time and effort, however, in removing the viscous black sludge - the foul seed of an abomination most grotesque - that yet clung to her enormous asscheeks. Gisela was relieved to finally rid herself of the daemon's ejaculation. The desiccated instrument in her hand removed not only the unwanted onyx slime from her form, but also the weight of uncleanliness she carried from the previous night's horrors. At last she felt once again pure in the eyes of her god. 

Ludwin was already dangerously close to losing control of himself but what happened next caused his seed to be cast into oblivion. Gisela of Rugenstadt slowly arose from her bath, sensually emerging from the hot water like a goddess crafted from alabaster. Water cascaded from her impossible figure as she stood, mighty waterfalls pouring from the pronounced curves of her breasts and buttocks. Then she turned and bent over at the waist to reach for her woolen drying cloth. Ludwin was immediately dazed by the sight of the biggest, fattest asscheeks in all the Kingdom of Saxen. The mountains of padded flesh were beyond massive. Together they spanned more than twice the width of Gisela's waist and appeared almost perfectly spherical, like two iron globes ballooning out from pillars of hardened muscle. Hidden below the immense cheeks was paradise itself, Gisela's sacred grove. It was beautiful and tiny, an unexplored pink clam undefiled by the touch of man or monster. Yet there it was in its full glory, nude and undefended. The thought of plundering Gisela's snatch immediately pierced Ludwin's mind, the imagined imagery of lithe hips striking humongous, wobbling asscheeks storming his thoughts as the shoemaker finally brought himself to release. 

"Yesssss!" Ludwin quietly hissed as his throbbing manhood exploded. Rope after rope of sticky seed sprang forth from the man's fleshy mushroom and splattered unceremoniously against the exterior of his own dwelling. He was able to suppress a scream of pleasure as he erupted, but his gangly figure writhed and jerked uncontrollably during the most intense climax of his life. The cobbler mindlessly bucked his narrow posterior as he blew his load, spurred on by the thought of riding Gisela's mountainous backside and ejaculating inside the blonde beauty's divine clam. By the time Ludwin returned from heavenly bliss, his small cock had spewed no less than eight blasts of rich slime at the sight of the voluptuous paladin's fat ass. The world spun around the ugly craftsman as his orgasm eventually subsided, and he reeled in the disorienting aftershock of sexual release. A lethargic docility overtook Ludwin as the source of his lust-crazed madness diminished rapidly in his grasp, his sanity and senses at last restored with the emptying of his bloated balls. 

The refreshed paladin dried herself thoroughly with her provided woolen cloth before donning her armor. She started with her armored thong, sighing resignedly as she stepped into the narrow strip of steel and pulled it up into the endlessly deep cleft of her gargantuan behind. The thing was uncomfortable to wear as always, but Gisela again felt safe in its plated embrace. 

'I make for Rugenstadt at first light,' Gisela dutifully reminded herself as she equipped the remainder of her effects, forever unaware that a lascivious man had pleasured himself while spying upon her naked body. 

The first day of Gisela's journey was fairly uneventful. The beautiful young woman traveled by foot, retracing the path she had taken from Rugenstadt to Lendorf. She walked west and north along a dreary and unimpressive trail of leveled earth, Gisela's plated feet treading on soft dirt as she plodded toward the Kingdom's bustling capital. The road was poorly maintained and sparsely trafficked, a significant departure from the grand highways of stone that linked the greater cities of Saxen. Gisela encountered only three fellow travelers on that desolate stretch. The first two were merchant-men hailing from the Principality of Mór, the Kingdom's oft-turbulent eastern neighbor, en route to the town of Grunheim. They proved boorish and obscene, speaking to the anointed sister-paladin as if she was a common harlot. One of them offered Gisela a gold sovereign if she would but remove her breastplate and allow him to fondle her immense bosom. The second offered ten sovereigns - a veritable fortune - if the impossibly buxom blonde would spread her thick, toned thighs for him. Both men were answered with a forceful slap from a plate-armored hand. The third and final traveler was respectful as he passed Gisela on the road, though the beautiful paladin did wonder if that was only because he was blind. 

On the following day of the trek, Gisela was waylaid by an encroaching storm. Dark clouds had gathered in the west, and they grumbled low and menacing as they drifted ever closer. Jagged arcs of forked lighting cackled across the distant blackened sky, suggesting a tempest of great fury would soon be upon the sister-paladin. Ill-prepared for such a storm, Gisela found refuge from nature's wrath in a roadside inn and tavern called The Sword and Cask. The place stood alone in the bleak countryside, a lonely waypoint for pilgrims and wanderers bound for more illustrious destinations. It was a large, rectangular structure of wood and stone that stood three levels high, and its sole entrance was guarded by a set of great doors crafted from planks of solid oak and reinforced with heavy iron bands. A weather-beaten placard planted in front of the building displayed a masterfully drawn but well-worn illustration of an arming sword piercing a barrel of ale. Though once colored with brilliant hues, the depiction had long been sullied by the rot of time and exposure to the elements. 
