 ---------- ALL CHARACTERS ARE OVER THE AGE OF 18 ----------

AUTHORS NOTE: Hello everyone it has been a while. So this is a rather weird story that just kind of materialized over the course of 3 consecutive days of writing at 4:30 in the morning, which seems to be when I'm most inspired these days. This story is rather out there by my standards, but I thought it was pretty good so I thought I would share it with you guys and gals so enjoy! 

*****

His head felt fuzzy, he couldn't remember anything. As his senses came to him the first thing he noticed was that he wasn't in familiar surroundings. He was floating in the air somehow, he couldn't move his limbs, but he could turn his head to look around. Now fully conscious he realized that he was naked and definitely not in a familiar place. He wasn't in a room so much as he was in a space, a void. This void was filled with piercing white light, it wasn't blinding but it was all that he could perceive.

He looked down at his flaccid penis that was drooping downward and saw it twitch a couple times as a delicate trickle of clear fluids began to flow from the tip. Suddenly he could feel himself moving, he was being rotated so that he was facing the ground or what can be associated with the general direction of the ground. He lifted his head up to look around when suddenly he saw a translucent pink blob or orb of some kind materialize. His arms and legs were outstretched like Leonardo Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man.

He felt his legs spread wide just as he saw the pink orb move towards him. He saw this orb pass under him and stop near his genitals; panic struck him suddenly, what was this thing? His flaccid penis was still hanging straight down towards the pink orb. Subconsciously his penis twitched and lurched a couple of times, he saw the flow of clear fluid intensify and this horrified him, it was as if his penis knew what was happening even though he had no idea.

Breaking him from his thoughts he heard a loud booming voice, the voice was incoherent, at least to him it was. This voice was babbling gibberish; he saw the pink orb suddenly float upwards until it enveloped his penis. His penis quivered and twitched as it was enveloped in a warm sensation. There was a loud thunderous boom and he saw the pink orb reverberate from the sound.

A new sensation over took him, his penis felt strange. Suddenly his penis was throbbing intensely and before he new it his penis was as hard as steel. He was horrified by what was happening to him, his penis was acting on it's own, he was powerless to stop this pink thing from touching him. That's when it happened, in an instant he was overcome with earth shattering pleasure, the orb wasn't moving or doing anything but his penis was throbbing and trembling.

It was like the orb was alive or reacting to his penis; suddenly he found it hard to form thoughts in his head. Every time he tried to form a coherent thought his head got all fuzzy. A familiar feeling manifested in the pit of his stomach, he knew what was about to happen. The pink orb hadn't been touching him 45 seconds and already his penis was having trouble holding back.

He felt his penis lurch once, twice, three times and he couldn't help the feeling that something was coming out of his cock. He looked down at his penis and noticed the head had turned a deep red color, that's when he saw a small cloud of clear grey fluid appear below his cock. That was precum, he didn't know what that pink orb was, but he knew what it was doing.

His cock continued to lurch as it squirted clear precum; the pink orb was obviously building him up to something. He tried to moan, but found that he couldn't make any sound come out of his mouth. The pink orb didn't move or react at all, it was like it wasn't even alive, but it was still building him up closer to something that he wasn't sure he wanted to happen. His cock was as hard as steel and pointing straight down, by now his cock was lurching rapidly and throbbing like never before.

Suddenly he was struck by a new but very familiar sensation. He looked at his cock just as he was overcome with pleasure. There was no stopping now, he was about to cum and he knew that this would be the most intense orgasm of his life, and suddenly a strange calm overcame his worried mind. He saw his cock continue to lurch and then he felt the intense feeling of ejaculation, he had never felt his cock squirt so much, and it overwhelmed him.

The pink orb was slowly being filled up by a white cloud; this was by far the biggest load he had ever squirted in his life. He felt his cock quiver as he watched the pink orb slowly fill up with his white cloud. Every once in a while he'd catch a glimpse of his cock as another rope of hot goo was squirted out of the sensitive tip into the strange formless confines of the pink orb surrounding his cock. After an eternity his cock stopped ejaculating, but it didn't stop throbbing. Instead his cock continued throbbing intensely.

This is normally where his penis would become soft again, but that didn't happen. There was something about this pink orb that was keeping his cock hard. Suddenly a translucent blue orb appeared in front of him. This orb went down below him as well and he watched as the pink orb detached from his penis and went away, the blue orb attached to his still throbbing cock and instantly went to work on him. This orb felt different, more intense, he could already tell that this orgasm would be approaching much faster.

He tried with all of his might to resist the ministrations of the blue orb, but just as he started his mind was overcome with that same fuzzy feeling and before he knew it he was calm again. His cock throbbed and trembled and in a matter of seconds he surrendered to the feelings the blue orb was causing. His cock lurched and pulsed about like it had a mind of its own and just like that he was squirting again.

He couldn't comprehend how he was cumming again so soon after such a powerful first orgasm, but his mind didn't care. This second orgasm just seemed to last forever as his throbbing cock continued to give up more and more hot goo. Unlike the pink orb this one wasn't completely filled up with the white cloud of his cum. This blue orb was only half full of his white cloud. He tried once again to resist the sensations his needy cock was feeling and unlike the first time he was succeeding at first.

That fuzzy feeling in the back of his mind crept up again but this time he fought them back. Suddenly the blue orb ramped up the sensations to a whole other level and like flipping a switch all thoughts of resistance evaporated from his mind. At that moment a familiar feeling crept up on him for a third time. He couldn't react fast enough as he felt his cock throb endlessly.

He had always known himself to have pretty good stamina when it came to sex, but for some reason these orbs gave him quite the hair trigger. He couldn't help but squirt his load time after time for the greedy orbs; for some reason these orbs forced him to ejaculate mere moments after they touched his cock. This was probably by design to cause him to cum quickly thus shortening the time needed between orgasms.

He didn't know it these orbs were living things or if they were created, but either way they were incredible at what they did. He looked down at the blue orb and watched the white cloud float around within the orb. His mind was flooded with an overwhelming sense of contentment and euphoria once again and this time he didn't fight it. He felt his cock throbbing again and knew that he was about to surrender another load to the blue orb.

Deliriously he looked down at the blue orb and just happened to catch a glimpse of his cock head just as his cock head lurched and squirted a third load. If he could still vocalize all that would be heard would be animalistic grunts as he surrendered his third load in such a short period of time. His eyes rolled back into his skull as his cock continued to squirt, squirt, squirt.

By now his mind had totally surrendered to what these orbs and what this white void were doing to his body. He looked down as his orgasm finished and saw that the blue orb was completely full of his white cloud. Like the pink orb before it, the blue orb detached from his penis and went away. 

A moment went by and suddenly he sensed a presence in front of him. He looked up and saw a trio of green orbs appear in front of him. It was at this moment when he felt his legs get bent up closer to his chest revealing his asshole. He noticed that two of the three orbs had something inside of them. He felt himself get rotated upright to about 90 degrees. His cock, which had softened a bit was still trickling a small amount of liquid as it drooped towards the ground, but being upright again he had the opportunity to really observe the orbs as they approached him.

He saw the first and third orbs travel towards his cock, the third orb being filled with a blue liquid. The second orb, which was filled with a yellow liquid, approached his mouth. The second orb extended its form outwards in the shape of a chute. His mind became fuzzy again and he instinctively opened his mouth assuming this orb was about to feed him something.

He was right to assume that as the voice boomed again and in an instant a slow trickle of translucent yellow liquid flowed down the chute towards his mouth. He didn't pay attention to the two other orbs because he was too busy satisfying his suddenly ravenous hunger. Just as he finished consuming whatever it was that these orbs offered him he felt movement as he was once again rotated back down to face the ground. The two remaining orbs sprang into action and moved into place. The empty one took its normal position enveloping his softening penis, while the other filled up orb approached him from behind and lined up with his now exposed asshole.

In an instant he felt the third orb enter his asshole and proceed to fill up his asshole with its form. Surprisingly he didn't feel any pain from the sudden intrusion into his asshole. He was overcome with euphoria again and this clouded his mind as he observed the second green orb. The orb that fed him moved downward towards the orb on his cock and he watched them coalesce and merge together forming a green orb twice the size of a normal orb. His weakened mind was too busy to process the ramifications of what he had just seen.

It was at this moment that he felt a new sensation as his anal cavity felt tingly. Deep inside of him he felt a new sensation as the green orb inside of his ass stimulated him. He looked down at his cock and saw that it was as hard as ever; he felt his cock begin to lurch rapidly again and did notice that there was once again a large translucent grey cloud forming below his cockhead.

It was at this moment that the clearest part of his fuzzy mind deduced that the green orb in his ass was stimulating his prostate. With that fact ringing through his mind he knew that things were about to escalate rapidly. At that exact moment the green orb around his cock began to do its thing. He felt the all too familiar feeling around his cock as his cock throbbed and trembled, this time it was different though, the feeling felt more intense, almost forceful.

He felt a new sensation in his ass as the green orb inside of him began squirting something into his ass. Whatever this stuff now being squirted into him was, it felt unbelievable. This new liquid being forcefully squirted inside of him felt warm and very tingly. His weak mind was overwhelmed by the sudden sensations in his ass and all he could think about was cumming, he needed to squirt again.

The green orb on his cock had by now been filled up about a quarter of the way with his precum alone. At that moment he realized that the orbs had been and were continuing to milk him like a cow, quite frankly though he didn't care. His weak mind was enjoying the sensations too much to care. He had never felt pleasure like this ever before in his life.

The green orb inside of him was still squirting liquid into his ass; quite frankly it felt like the orb was cumming inside of his ass, he didn't care though, all he could think about was the sensations he was experiencing. His mind up to this point had been flooded with ultra intense orgasmic pleasure, but now his mind felt different. He was experiencing a level of euphoria the likes of which he had never before felt; whatever they had fed him obviously had been laced with some form of drug to make him too hazy to comprehend what was happening, not that he could deduce such a thought at the moment.

All he wanted to do was surrender his hot cum to these magnificent orbs. The green orb pleasuring his cock was quickly working him towards giving up yet another load of cum. Any second now he would be squirting his hot goo, he knew there was no stopping it, he didn't want to stop it. He felt his cock quiver several times and looked down at his cock and saw it lurch and quiver as the green orb forced him towards the edge again.

Seconds later his cock gave up and surrendered its hot goo to the greedy green orb surrounding it. He saw a white cloud forming below his cock and knew that this was only the beginning. His cock stopped squirting after 25 or 30 squirts, an inhuman amount of cum for any normal person to possibly achieve. The sensations didn't stop though, they simply continued building upon themselves.

He couldn't believe how much he was ejaculating, his orgasms were 4 or 5 times as long because of the orbs; that much was curtain. At that moment he felt the sensations inside of his ass kick up to another level. By now the green orb inside of his ass had stopped cumming inside of him as he now referred to it, this green orb was just stimulating his prostate. His heart was pounding in his ears, but the orbs didn't stop. He felt the orb around his cock stop stimulating his cock, but at the same moment he felt the green orb inside his ass intensify its stimulation.

Something deep inside of him began to quiver and he looked down at his cock just in time to see his cock quiver and then he was cumming again. His prostate had triggered this latest round of ejaculation so his hot goo came out in one long continuous stream of hot gooey fluids.

As this latest orgasm went on he was overcome by new sensations, because his cum was coming out of him in one long continuous stream it felt like he was peeing out the cum in the most intense orgasm he had ever felt. As soon as he finished ejaculating from the prostate stimulation he felt the green orb inside his ass stop stimulating him, at the same time he felt the green orb surrounding his cock resume its ministrations on his cock.

In less than 45 seconds his cock quivered and once again he was give up his load to the green orb. At this point it was incredible what the two orbs were doing, because he had already cum so much the two green orbs were alternating which one would stimulate him. This practice allowed him to have orgasm after orgasm without becoming exhausted. 

He stopped counting after the green orbs pushed him over the edge into his eighth orgasm. His mind was foggier then ever and all he wanted was to cum again, it was all he could think about to the point that his cock was quivering trying to achieve climax. He looked down at the green orb surrounding his cock and noticed that it was about 3 quarters of the way full, that meant that he had at least one more orgasm in his future.

He was temporarily brought back from his orgasm-induced stupor by the sensation of both green orbs stimulating him at the same time. The clarity didn't last long as quickly his weak mind surrendered to the sensations. Both orbs were stimulating him harder then ever before and he just knew that this would be his last orgasm for a while. The buildup to this final orgasm was actually longer that he thought it would be, but before long his climax was inevitable.

In the back of his mind he knew that these orbs had enslaved him, but as he squirted another load he realized that he was okay with this new situation. It felt like he was cumming forever as his cock continued to squirt, squirt, squirt. The orgasms just seemed to roll into each other one after another as he squirted endlessly.

By now his mind was simply babbling incoherently as warm ropes of cum left his body in a flurry of orgasmic bliss. Eventually he could take no more and he felt his cock squirt one last time and then he passed out briefly. Though he had lost consciousness the two green orbs continued to simulate him extracting whatever else they could get from his used up body.

Finally the green orbs retracted from his asshole and detached from his cock and went away. The feeling of motion awakened him as he was rotated back to an upright position. Instantly blue gooey fluids trickled out of his asshole for what seemed like an eternity. His cock was still hard and it continued to twitch, a rope escaping every once in a while. Eventually only a single delicate trickle of fluids continued out of the tip of his used up cock. The last thing his weak mind registered before total unconsciousness was the white void going dark, leaving him suddenly shrouded in darkness, not that he would remember anything that had happened this day the next time the void called for him...