 Captain Mariska Holmes shuddered as she came for what seemed like the tenth time. She was sitting in the pillowy gel of her action couch, a thick rod of the translucent green substance gently fucking her sopping cunt. Two thin green tendrils were attached to her leaking nipples, sucking up the thick cream that was pouring from them. A long ago encounter with a Praxian Slobber Hound had thrown her hormones seriously out of whack, necessitating frequent milkings. Not that she minded. One of the first things she'd done upon taking command of the Astarte had been reprogramming her couch to take care of her more private needs. Adding a milking routine had been simple. Changing the parameters of an action couch was officially frowned upon, but the practice was rampant in the fleet.

She had rolled over and spread her ass cheeks, the gel cock just starting to push in to her rosebud, when the com set in her ear beeped.

"This is First Mate Yralla, requesting your presence on the bridge. Captain to the bridge please."

Mariska shook her head in frustration, and reached over to the control panel to turn off the stress relief subroutine. Her assfucking would have to wait. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she stood, and paused for a moment to admire what she saw. Thick black hair flowed in waves past her shoulders, framing a face that was both strong and sensual. She had a trim and athletic figure, with long legs, a flat muscular stomach, and a firm round ass. The mountainous globes of her breasts didn't seem to fit in with the rest of her slender form, gravity defying mounds that many assumed were fake, but that she could prove were not. Mariska smiled at her reflection, a thin sheen of sweat and the glow of many orgasms making her look alive and energetic. A thin trickle of milk still dripped from her dark nipples and ran down her olive skin. She swept some up with a fingertip and brought it to her lips, savoring it's sweet taste. 

She glanced at the clock mounted on the wall of her private cabin and decided she better go and see what was happening. A gold chain encircled her waist, and Mariska reached down and touched one link in particular. Nanofabric began flowing from the chain like oil, painting her skin in the space black of a captain in the Galactic Council Fleet. In seconds the ship suit had coated her from feet to neck, covering everything but hiding nothing. The twin gold stars of a warship commander bloomed on her collar as she walked out of her cabin. 

"Captain on deck!" First Mate Yralla came to attention as Mariska entered the room. 

"Carry on." Mariska made her way to the captain's couch, the gel conforming to her shape. Unlike the one in her cabin, this couch didn't have any extra functions. It was simply there to protect her body during any hard maneuvering. "Yralla, what's the situation?"

She had to smile as her first mate approached. The GCF Astarte was rare in having an almost entirely female crew. The first mate was the only exception. Yralla was a Vollarian, a species from the Sirius system. From the waist up she looked exceptionally female, despite her blue skin, bald head, and purple eyes. Her face, lips, even her breasts would have been the envy of any human woman. But once you let your eyes drift a little lower you would see why she didn't quite qualify as female. The thick length of her cock swung between her legs, covered in the same nanofabric as the rest of the crew, this time in red. Vollarians were one of the rare species that were true hermaphrodites. At first glance, Vollarians resembled human pornstars, but a closer inspection would reveal that every Vollarian had both sets of genitals. It had been quite a shock when humans had first made contact. The Vollarian's complete lack of any nudity or sexual taboos had also taken some getting used to. Luckily, their attitudes towards sex seemed to rub off on most of the humans that they met, meaning that both species existed in general harmony. 

Mariska took the time to admire Yralla's pussy-wrecker of a cock. It hung nearly to her knees, and the thin nanofabric did nothing to hide the pulsing veins running along it's length or the wide flat head at it's tip. One of her proudest moments had come during a drunken shore leave on some backwater planet, when she'd manage to stuff Yralla'a entire cock down her throat. Her jaw had been sore for days, but it was worth it. Mariska saw a twinkle in Yralla's eyes when she looked up. She was probably thinking of the same event.

But, there was work to be done. "Ma'am, we've received a distress call from the planet Lornu, in Sector B1a."

Mariska nodded. "Details?"

Yralla looked over at the duty com officer, Mika Taggart. She stood, breasts jiggling under her dark green ship suit. "Ma'am, apparently a convent has come under some sort of attack. The Holy Sisterhood of the Goddess Naira. We are the closest GCF asset. It's not a very developed planet, and the local authorities can't handle the problem."

Yralla snorted. "Nairans," she said, disdain in her voice.

Mariska raised an eyebrow. "What's wrong with Nairans?"

"They're prudes. Denying themselves in worship of their goddess of purity." Yralla shook her head. "It's unnatural."

"Well, unnatural or not we have a duty to go and investigate. Helm, how long to Lornu?"

Lydia Montrose, the fourth and final crew member on the bridge, consulted her console. "Approximately 2 hours by hyperdrive, Ma'am."

Mariska nodded. "Very good. Yralla, you have the bridge. I'll be in my cabin. Please alert me when we're fifteen minutes out." She stood and departed the bridge, her loins already tingling in anticipation of resuming her interrupted sodomy.

2 hours later she was back on the bridge, watching on the main screen as the blue and green orb of Lornu passed below them. 

Mariska turned to her com officer. "Any further transmissions from the convent?"

Mika shook her head, tossing her blonde locks. "No Ma'am, we received the standard transmission from Orbital Traffic Control in the main settlement when we arrived, but nothing is being broadcast from the convent. However, our scanners are picking up an active receiver down there. If someone is on the other end we should be able to talk to them."

"Very well, patch us in."

Mika began working with her console. "We're connected. It should be coming on the main screen now."

The picture on the screen switched to a young women, a human. She was wearing some sort of robe. Her clothes were torn, but other than that she looked to be in good condition. Though she was obviously terrified. "Hello? Is someone there? I can't see you." 

"This is Captain Mariska Holmes, of the GCF warship Astarte. We received a distress signal from this location. What is your situation?"

The girl's face brightened with relief. "Oh thank you blessed Naira! I didn't know if the signal had gone out. Please, you have to help. The other sisters, they've become...corrupted. Please!" Relief was starting to give way to panic. 

Mariska began to raise a comforting hand, until she realized the girl couldn't see her. "Sister we're here now, calm down. What's your name?"

"Rosa, Junior Acolyte Rosa," she said through her sniffles.

"Ok Rosa, can you tell me what happened?"

She nodded. "In the night, there were lights, and a loud boom. The Mother Superior and Sister Adriana went out to see what had happened. They came back... changed. They tried to do things to the other sisters. And they were carrying these things, like worms. We tried to restrain them, but the affliction spread. Within hours I was the only one still sane." Rosa shook her head, trying to hold off her tears. "I activated the beacon, and then locked myself in this closet. I didn't know what else to do. And I can still hear them."

That didn't sound good. Some sort of insanity inducing worm? "What do you mean you can still hear them?" Mariska asked.

Rosa turned the camera around, until it showed the closet door. As she moved closer the sounds began coming through. Moans, and the unmistakable sound of flesh slapping against flesh. Out of the corner of her eye Mariska saw Lydia smirk. Every member of the Astarte's crew knew the sounds of an orgy in progress. 

The camera turned back to Rosa. She was silent, but there was naked fear in her eyes. 

Mariska nodded. "Rosa, stay where you are. We'll be down there shortly, and we'll get this all taken care of. Astarte out." Once Mika cut the feed, Mariska turned to her first mate. "Yralla, I'll lead the ground team. I'm taking Taggart and Montrose with me. Please program Shuttle One for a rapid descent. And alert the rest of the crew. I doubt we'll need back-up, but you never know." 

She departed the bridge, with Mika and Lydia following close behind. They were visibly excited about the upcoming mission.

"We haven't had any real ground side action in a while," Mika said as they walked to the shuttle bay. "And this involves some sort of worm that can start an orgy at a Nairan convent? Sounds like fun."

"Plus we get to do a rapid shuttle drop," Lydia said, licking her lips in anticipation.

"You only like them cause they make you cum."

"So?"

Mariska turn to her crewmembers. "Ladies, we're here. Now please focus." She touched her belt, black nanofabric flowing back into it's storage. Mika and Lydia did the same, their own green suits running off of their skin like water. Mariska took the opportunity to appreciate their naked bodies, so different in shape and color. Mika was blonde and blue eyed, with wide shoulders and breasts that rivaled the captain's in size. Her large pink nipples were the same shade as her pale skin. Unlike her captain she had wide hips to match her breasts, the thick swell of her ass flaring out from her narrow waist. Where Mika was curved and soft, Lydia was hard and angled. Her dark hair was cut short in a rather severe pixie fashion. She was slender, with small breasts and a high, tight ass. Her skin was just a shade darker than Mariska's olive. But hiding under her waif-like stature was a sexual appetite that had no bounds. Lydia had fucked every member of the crew into submission on more than one occasion, even the mighty Yralla. 

As they entered the shuttle, Yralla's voice came over the captain's ear piece. "Ma'am, the AI pilot is ready. It will begin on your command. Have fun." Mariska though she heard a tiny bit of amusement in the Vollarian's voice. 

"Places everyone." Each woman walked to one of the drop pods set into the wall of the shuttle. When Mariska saw that Lydia and Mika were safely in their pods she gave the command. "Pilot, you may begin the drop sequence."

A transparent barrier slid over the entrance of the pod, isolating Mariska from the rest of the shuttle. Valves opened near the floor, and thick blue liquid began to pool around her feet. It was warm to the touch. Mariska sighed as it began filling the pod, savoring the feeling of the shock jelly coating her skin. It rose higher and higher, until it was lapping at her chin. When it reached her lips she took a deep breath, pulling the jelly down into her throat. She continued to breath, drawing oxygen from the jelly now, as it rose past her head and filled the pod.There was an insistent prodding between her legs, and she slowly shifted, spreading her feet. Mariska moaned, vibrating the jelly around her face, as the blue liquid poured into her pussy and asshole. She came as it continued to fill her up, shaking as her organs were stuffed with a thick layer of shock jelly, protection against the high g-forces they we about to encounter. She could see Mika and Lydia through the now blue tinted glass, their faces slack with ecstasy as their holes were invaded.

Soon enough the pod, and Mariska, were full. A chime sounded in her ear piece, followed by the robotic voice of the AI pilot. "Pre-launch procedures complete. Initiating rapid descent." The shuttle shot from the ship's hold and began its long fall to the planet.

Without any windows, there was no way for Mariska to observe what was happening outside. A display was projected on the glass cover of her pod, showing time to arrival and basic shuttle status. But she wasn't paying attention to that. Every vibration of the shuttle's engines was being transmitted through the jelly, straight into her core. Her first orgasm came ten seconds into the flight. And another followed right on it's heels. She slumped down in the pod, letting the jelly take her weight as pure pleasure washed over her. The shuttle banked into a tight turn, and the jelly compressed around her, squeezing her flesh. Mariska moaned as cream began to pour from her nipples, more coming at every turn as the shuttle unintentionally milked her. The jelly began to take on a lighter hue as her milk diffused into the liquid. 

It went on like that for five long, wonderful minutes. Until the shuttle finally settled on the surface with a gentle thump. The pilot sounded off in her ear again. "Landing sequence complete."

The jelly began to drain from the pod. Mariska reached up and grasped the now semi-solid strand that was in her mouth, helping it to gently depart her throat. As the pod cover slid to the side, she squatted and pushed. Blue jelly began streaming from her pussy and ass. Lydia and Mika were doing the same. Lydia's hand was a blur on her clit, and as she worked out one final orgasm a spray of nectar erupted from her pussy. Mariska's aching twat demanded similar attention, but she pushed her lust down and focused on the task at hand. 

"Ok, this is not a combat action until I say it is. But, let's be cautious, laser pistols for everyone. Mika, you take the sample box." Mariska looked at her two crew-members. "Let's get to it."

As they began to equip themselves she sent a transmission to the Astarte. "Captain to bridge, how do you read me?"

"Loud and clear Ma'am," Yralla sounded like she was standing right next to her. "We haven't observed any additional signs of activity in the convent. We've also been unable to contact Rosa. Be careful."

"We will. Please monitor atmosphere and life signs for us." Mariska signaled to her team. "Move out."

The shuttle had landed just outside of the convent, a large utilitarian building made from local stone. A statue of Naira, in her human form, dominated the courtyard. She was depicted with the face of a stunningly beautiful woman. Her body was covered in thick robes, hiding what was underneath. 

Mariska shook her head. Naira was a Praxian goddess. Which made sense if you knew anything about Prax. As Mariska's leaking tits could attest, a sexual encounter with Praxian lifeforms often led to radical changes in body chemistry. A religion emphasizing forethought and pragmatism in sexual matters was perfectly reasonable on a world where the very act of sex could change your species. But Niara's message of self control and denial also attracted certain members of other species. Especially humans. They tended to be a boring and self righteous bunch. Not anyone that Mariska would like to spend time with.

They advanced cautiously around the statue. Behind it, lying on the ground in front of the convent's door, was a strange object. Oblong and made out of some metallic material, it was open along one seam, revealing a wet pink interior.

Mariska looked down at it, puzzled. "Anybody know what the hell that is?" Mika and Lydia just shook their heads.

"Captain, I believe that is an artificial womb." Yralla was watching through the cameras embedded in their suits. "Maybe that's how these worms arrived here."

"Makes sense." Mariska looked up at the imposing bulk of the convent. "Alright, let's go save some nuns."

The inside of the convent was eerily silent, as though it had been abandoned long ago. Mariska, Lydia, and Mika walked through empty room after empty room, looking for any sign of the inhabitants. 

Mariska's frustration was mounting when Lydia stopped suddenly and raised a hand. "Do you hear that?" Mariska stood silently until, finally, she heard a faint noise. Moaning. They continued in that direction, the sounds of the orgy growing louder as they approached. Eventually, they turned a corner, and stopped dead in their tracks at what they saw. 

Dozens of nuns, in various states of undress, were fucking in what looked to be a dining room. They were in every possible combination. Tongues, fingers, hands, even feet were going into any hole available. As Mariska survey the scene she felt a twinge of arousal. It would have taken a eunuch not to. Most of the nuns were human, though she did see a Vollarian in the back, plunging her thick cock into a woman's ass even as her own ass and pussy were filled with multiple dildos. 

That was when Mariska realized that there were dildos everywhere. And that they were moving. 

"Holy shit. Those must be the worms Rosa was talking about." She looked around the room again and saw hundreds of them. "What is going on? There are way more here than could have fit in that womb."

Lydia pointed. "Captain, look over there."

A nun had climbed up onto a table. She was hugely pregnant. As they watched, her vagina gaped open and worms began pouring out. Mariska counted as they came out. "Twelve, just in her. That explains where they all came from." The nun crawled off the table, to be swept back into the orgy.

Mariska sighed. "Well this is a mess. Ok. Mika, get a sample. Then we'll find Rosa."

One of the worms was slowly making its way towards them. Mika took a pair of tongs from the side of the sample box and snared the wriggling creature. "The specimen is approximately one meter in length and five centimeters wide. At both ends the body flares out into a rounded tip, approximately 9 centimeters in width." She opened the sample box and dropped the worm in. "Transmitting specimen data to the Astarte."

"Receiving data," Yralla said. "We should have some idea of what we're dealing with soon."

Lydia giggled. "Who would have thought? Living double ended dildos. I love this job."

Mariska grinned. "Very funny Montrose. Let's go find Rosa." There was a door on the other side of the room. "That could be her closet."

They made their way to the door, pushing away questing hands and kicking at the worms that tried to coil up their legs. Once at the door, Mariska knocked.

"Rosa? Can you hear me? It's Captain Holmes." She looked over at Lydia and Mika and shrugged. "I guess we'll go in."

The closet was bigger than it had looked on screen. Some sort of dry food storage. There was plenty of room, even when they closed the door behind them. A voice came from the back, very faint.

"Please."

"Rosa? Is that you?" Mariska began walking down the rows of shelving. "We're here for you... oh. Dammit."

Rosa was on the floor, ass in the air. The four fingers of her left hand were plunging in and out of her rosebud. Her right was giving her pussy the same treatment. Her face was a mask of pure lust.

"Please fuck me! I need it! Holy Naira, I need it!" Mariska watched as she added her thumbs, hands disappearing into her holes to the wrist. Rosa's voice went up an octave as her words dissolved into screams of ecstasy. 

Mariska shook her head. "This just keeps getting better. Lydia, get over here and help her up. We'll take her back to the shuttle and figure out what we're going to do from there. Just... try not to let her molest you too much."

"Will do Ma'am." Lydia gently pulled Rosa's hands from her body, and dragged her to her feet. The girl immediately began pawing at Lydia's chest through her suit. 

Something had changed in the dining room. There was a new smell in the air, a mix of cinnamon and charcoal. A fog drifted over Mariska's brain. She heard new moans behind her, and looked back to see Lydia on the floor, tangled up with Rosa. 
