 A letter had reached the Abbey of St. Adelheid, the renowned temple-fortress of the Sisterhood of the Dauntless Rose. 

The contents of the letter were dire. Its sender, a magistrate from a remote village near the eastern border of the Kingdom of Saxen, wrote of a putrid monster that terrorized the settlements around the shadowy wetland known as the Blood Marsh. He described a vile thing that was neither fish nor man but somehow both. The magistrate provided accounts of the creature's evils, of which there were many. The first atrocity attributed to the fish-man was an act of murder. An aging woodsman had been found dead on the outskirts of town roughly one year ago, brutalized by something that left behind only a puddle of ichor and a muddy trail of webbed footprints. Worse yet were the creature's other acts of wickedness. The letter's author wrote in length of three particular assaults that had taken place in or around the murky bog in recent months, each detailing a violent rape of an unfortunate maiden by a walking blue-hued thing with bulging eyes and the scaled flesh of a fish. Interestingly, the magistrate observed that each victim was a woman of a more voluptuous variety, suggesting that the nightmarish fiend had a penchant for that particular sort of woman.

The monster had thus far evaded capture, undoubtedly escaping into the dark expanse of the Blood Marsh following each attack. The magistrate lacked enough able-bodied men to protect the local settlements from the creature, and had not enough coin in the coffers to hire mercenaries to hunt for the beast. Desperate for aid, he beseeched the Sisterhood of the Dauntless Rose to send forth a champion to put down the scaly abomination and satisfy justice for the shattered maidens that had been ravaged by it.

Gisela of Rugenstadt was chosen by her Matriarch to be the Sisterhood's weapon against this slimy abomination. As a fully anointed sister-paladin of her order, Gisela had already proven her martial prowess and unflinching resolve in battle, and she was thought to be more than capable of smiting this abomination in single combat. Furthermore, if it was indeed true that this creature had an affinity for more voluptuous women, both Gisela and her Matriarch agreed that the blonde-haired beauty's exaggerated figure would draw forth the creature from its hiding place.

Gisela arrived in the village of Lendorf within a fortnight. The settlement of three hundred souls was situated on the boundary of the Blood Marsh proper, a humble frontier bastion that straddled civilization and untamed wilderness. Lendorf was pitiful compared to the Kingdom's bustling capital, Rugenstadt. There were no magnificent buildings like the Abbey of St. Adelheid in this place, no thoroughfares teeming with traveling peddlers, no clamor of raucous ruffians and groaning laborers. Only a few dozen thatched hovels stood in the bog's eerie gloom, and they loosely circled the village's largest structure, a weather-worn wooden cabin that served as Lendorf's hall of administration.

The buxom paladin was received near the village's center by a single guardsman. He was a stout man who appeared to be in his late thirties, and he wore a brown gambeson with a tattered black cloak. In his right hand he clenched a spear.

"Halt! Who goes there?" The spear-bearing guardsman forcefully barked as Gisela approached, loudly striking the ground with the butt of his weapon.

The ferocity of the man's shout caused Gisela to stop abruptly, and even such a subtle recoil was enough to set into wobbling motion the paladin's enormous asscheeks, the well-toned spheres being so amply padded with soft, pliable flesh.

"Greetings and well met," The buxom blonde paladin addressed the guardsman. "I am Gisela, paladin of the most holy order of the Sisterhood of the Dauntless Rose. At the request of your magistrate, I have been dispatched by our Matriarch to aid this village in its hour of need." Gisela produced the letter sent from the magistrate to the Abbey, drawing it forth from a leather pouch and handing it to the guardsman.

A swarm of villagers emerged from their thatched hovels and observed Gisela from afar, assessing the living hourglass of a woman as she conversed with the guardsman. She was tall and beautiful, with radiant skin unblemished by age or toil. The mysterious visitor carried herself proudly -- befitting her regal features and majestically long flowing hair of golden wheat -- though it was obvious by both her attire and her arrival in this shadowy, forsaken village that she was no woman of nobility. A number of watchful eyes lustfully fell upon the almost impossibly large mountains that were Gisela's wobbling breasts, while others gazed upon her with bemusement and suspicion. 

The blonde-haired beauty looked well-enough a warrior to those who inspected her; She was well-muscled and carried upon her back a weapon of war, a great hammer with a head of steel and a haft of solid oak, but she wore something that could hardly be described as armor. Indeed, Gisela's attire was obscene and impractical. The immense curves of her impossibly voluptuous figure were prominently unguarded. Two tiny triangular steel guards obscured Gisela's small, pink nipples and a narrow strip of steel below did little but hide her sacred grove. Gisela's incredibly large buttocks -- two mountainous cheeks of extraordinary size -- easily swallowed the paladin's armored thong. While the warrior-woman did wear proper greaves and gauntlets of masterfully-forged platemail, to many of the villagers Gisela appeared more like an armed courtesan than an anointed paladin of an illustrious sorority.

"Your magistrate speaks of a vile monster lurking in the Blood Marsh, a nightmarish beast of carnal sin and depravity. The Sisterhood has guarded the Kingdom of Saxen from such abominations for centuries, and we hear the pleas of the innocent and defenseless," Gisela proudly proclaimed with a certain air of grandiosity. Her statement was met by silence, the guardsman lost in Gisela's endlessly deep cleavage with an empty gaze.

"I have been sent as the Sisterhood's champion in vanquishing this evil," Gisela continued with a louder tone -- loud enough to disturb the guardsman's staring. "Allow me to go forth and deliver justice for the unfortunate souls befouled by this aberration." 

The guardsman gave Gisela a slight nod, beckoning her to proceed past the village and into the bleak bog beyond. He craned his head to watch the paladin's fat, wobbling asscheeks as Gisela continued on, marveling in bewilderment at the sheer size of the warrior-woman's backside. To an untrained eye the paladin seemed bottomless when seen from behind, so hidden was her armored thong between the immense spheres of her buttocks. The guardsman and the nearby villagers watched as the proud paladin followed the dirt path beyond the outskirts of the town and into the Blood Marsh proper, where the path itself gives way to soft peat and squishy mud. The blonde-haired beauty gradually disappeared into a wall of fog as she ventured forth, the sight of her massive, jiggling ass vanishing as she crossed the veil from civilization into a den of evil.

The fetid stench of the great swamp assaulted the buxom paladin as she crossed the veil of thick fog that separated civilization from untamed wilderness. It was midday when she pierced the insubstantial barrier between the two worlds, but the golden light of the sun struggled to illuminate the murky wetland. Ancient trees shielded their home from the intrusive glow with their colossal gnarled branches, shrouding the Blood Marsh in an unending gloom. 'This place is a lair of melancholy and nightmares,' thought Gisela as she studied the blackened canopy of the desolate bog.

Like a luminous hourglass of wobbling flesh lost in a labyrinth of mud and shadow, the Saxen beauty wandered the ominous swamp for hours in search of her quarry. She diligently inspected her surroundings as she walked deeper and deeper into the endless muck, hoping to find some sort of clue that might lead her to her prey. The melon-breasted blonde was no ranger or scout, but she had learned rudimentary tracking techniques in her youth as an initiate in the Sisterhood. 'To slay a monster of darkness,' a young Gisela was once told by her Matriarch, 'a Sister must first find a monster in darkness.'

Gisela's training proved fruitful and the beautiful, fat-assed paladin eventually discovered a promising trail leading to the northeast. The tracks were left by something that clearly was not human, evidenced by impressions of what appeared to be webbed, three-toed feet. 'The tracks of a beast most foul.' The golden-haired warrior-woman brandished her hammer and followed the trail with a watchful eye. The path took Gisela on an awkward journey through mud and moss for another hour until at last her beautiful sapphire eyes fell upon it.

It was a vile mockery of life that joined man and monster, and it was the very same abomination detailed in the magistrate's missive to the Abbey. The creature was but a hundred paces from Gisela but it seemed unaware of the paladin's presence, greedily feasting upon a dead animal near a large pool of blackened water. Its head resembled that of a deep-water fish but with bulbous yellow eyes and a drooling maw of countless spear-like teeth. The aberration's glistening flesh was textured with scales of pale blue, and its disproportionately large webbed hands were adorned with nightmarishly long claws.

With luck -- and Wōdun's favor -- Gisela hoped to catch the dread creature unawares and fell it with a mighty blow before it could react.

'Your time is at an end, monster. You shall not defile another woman so long as I draw breath. Wōdun, grant strength to your servant so that she might deliver justice this day,' Gisela silently growled.

Gisela cautiously flanked the creature and quietly approached it with her hammer held high. She was no rogue well-versed in skulking silently, but she minded her step as she crept forward. It was a gambit for a boulder-breasted paladin clad in steel plate armor (even as minimal as her armor was) but Gisela was graceful enough close the distance without causing an unwanted clamor. At last she came within striking distance and prepared to bring her mighty hammer down onto her scaly foe.

Then a second monster sprang from the nearby pool of blackened water, violently bursting forth from its murky point of ambush. Gisela and her scaled quarry both fell into its trap! With a loud and powerful splash the thing quickly emerged, a vaguely tree-shaped abomination with three massive, sickly-looking eyes of amber and a pair of long tendril-like arms ending with massive serrated pincers. Startled and caught unawares by the strange aberration that was now upon her, Gisela instinctively leapt away from a furiously lashing limb. It was by fortune that Gisela narrowly evaded the lethal snap of the creature's pincer; a massive claw contracted forcefully mere inches from the blonde's enormous, wobbling titties. Such a close call was enough to cause the huge-breasted blonde to gasp.

Gisela's prey was not so lucky. The fish-man frantically scrambled to escape its assailants but its webbed feet were too slow. A serrated pincer found its scaled throat and snapped shut with a sickening crunch. The scaled rapist of the Blood Marsh -- the quarry of Gisela's quest -- crumpled lifelessly onto soft dirt.

The bog-beast loomed over Gisela and stared down at her with its sickly, unblinking eyes. The monster almost seemed to be inspecting or even gazing upon her with awful intent, all three of its eyes fixed upon the beautiful paladin's gargantuan, backbreaking breasts. Gisela in turn surveyed the monstrosity with her piercing sapphires. 'How many depraved abominations lurk in this forsaken swamp?' She had seen no such creature in the various bestiaries in the libraries of the Abbey, nor had she ever heard accounts of a beast that would fit the description of the horror she now looked upon. 'An unnatural monster surely, perhaps even a daemon borne from the Dark Beyond,' Gisela thought to herself as she held high her mighty hammer.

The thing had dozens of writhing mandibles below its great amber eyes, and they wiggled back and forth like the legs of a scurrying insect. The creature also had a third arm of sorts: A long, strangely erect membrane that was capped with four tube-like openings. The monster ominously pointed the appendage at the buxom paladin as if preparing to spew forth some foul substance onto her.

"By Wōdun, I send you back to the cold abyss of nothingness, creature!" Gisela screamed ferociously at the horror, pointing her hammer at the thing as if rebuking its very existence.

With that, Gisela pushed plated foot into ground and propelled herself forward with the righteous fury of the Sisterhood, charging at the disgusting fiend with her steel-headed weapon braced over shoulder. The fat-assed Saxen beauty sprang off soft peat like a wobbling vortex of womanly flesh, leaping with all her might to score a lethal hammer-blow on the putrid creature.

Yet the bog-beast proved a surprisingly quick adversary. The monster caught Gisela in mid-flight, capturing the soaring hourglass by her armored wrists. The virtuous warrior-maiden screamed in impotent fury as serrated claws closed around her gauntlets with bone-breaking force, their lethality only stopped by platemail bulwarks. Although the abomination's powerful pincers could not puncture Gisela's gauntlets, they exerted enough pressure to squeeze the buxom paladin's weapon from her hands.

"Noooooooo!" Gisela howled in despair as the steel-headed hammer fell helplessly from her grasp to land on the moss-covered ground below.

The grotesque tree-like creature held the impossibly buxom paladin in its clutches, suspending Gisela several feet from the ground with great serrated pincers that feverishly clasped the blonde beauty's plated gauntlets at the wrists. With hands bound and her weapon out of reach, Gisela was utterly helpless.

Three sickly, monstrous eyes gazed upon Gisela hungrily. And while the monster was utterly foreign and of eldritch origin, the defenseless woman recognized its stare nevertheless. She had seen that same stare on the faces of a thousand men. It was then she realized how much danger she was truly in, and a death-chill ran down her spine.

'Wōdun! Your servant is in need! Deliver her from this monstrosity! I have kept myself pure in your name, my temple undefiled--!'

Gisela's frantic, silent prayer was broken as the abomination besieged her perfect body. 

The creature buried its trunk-like "head" into the enormous, wobbling globes that were Gisela's breasts. The sister-paladin screamed as the thing did so, and she desperately attempted to break free from the powerful claws holding her in bondage. Yet her attempts were futile as the aberration was too large and much too strong to overcome by muscle alone. Womanly shrieks of terror echoed throughout the Blood Marsh as three gelatinous, unblinking amber eyes pressed themselves onto the fat, pliable mountains of Gisela's bosom.

The unwanted fondling by the strange creature was a hell that seemed to last for an eternity. Yet there was no respite for the huge-breasted paladin when the monster finally ceased its unwanted caressing. The bog-thing extended its long, tendril-like neck and repositioned its horrible visage so that it hovered above Gisela's gorgeous Saxen features. And then the monster's repugnant face descended onto Gisela's.

Gisela let out an ear-shattering scream as the monster's mouth-mandibles came toward her beautiful face. The futile protest was silenced and muffled just as quickly as it was projected; dozens of writhing mandibles soon forced their way past the full, plump pillows of Gisela's lips and into her mouth. There, in that pungent, murky swamp of shadow and horror, the monstrous tree-like abomination forcibly kissed Gisela of Rugenstadt.

The creature's third limb did not remain idle in this assault. It furiously attempted to push itself into Gisela's pristine, womanly clam but found the path to paradise blocked. An armored thong, made of steel and reinforced by a subtle spell of abjuration, shielded the paladin's sacred grove from incursion. Like a siege battery made of flesh, the appendage repeatedly rammed itself against the narrow strip of armor in search of purchase, so desperate was the horrific monster to violate the impossibly voluptuous warrior of light. Its attempts ultimately proved fruitless however, and the frustrated creature sought other means of sating its desires.

The long tentacle-like appendage soon found itself behind Gisela and nestled comfortably between the paladin's immense, well-padded buttocks. And while Gisela's virtue was protected by an armored thong made of steel, the narrow strip of metal did almost nothing to shield the cleft of her obscenely fat ass from the unwanted invader. The monster's pulsing membrane wedged itself deep between the gargantuan globes of Gisela's rear and repeatedly thrust between them in an egregious act of sexual depravity. It was by cruel irony that such a repugnant aberration was doing what perhaps thousands of men had long-dreamed of. It was sliding its "penis" between the biggest, fattest, and most well-muscled asscheeks west of the River Wessen.

The assault was performed in eerie, unnerving silence. Only the sickly sounds of flesh-on-flesh slapping permeated the pungent air as the monstrosity pleasured itself using Gisela's incredibly exaggerated curves. The globes of the paladin's rear were colossal enough to naturally push against each other, and their smooth, soft flesh suffocated the putrid cock that had buried itself between them. Gisela was nauseated by the revolting sensation of the monster's mating appendage sliding between her cushioned mounds. The thing felt spongy and cold, and while it seemed largely smooth, Gisela could perceive the padded flesh of her ass caressing and kissing what must have been bumpy warts growing on the monster's cock. The attack carried on for several torturous minutes, though it seemed like hours to the buxom young warrior-woman, before the inevitable — and unspeakable — happened. 

The three massive amber eyes of the monster bulged wildly as the bog-thing suddenly twitched and rocked in depraved agitation, the creature emitting a terrifying series of screeches in a disturbing cacophony. Its writhing penis frantically withdrew from the cleft of Gisela's gigantic, flawless asscheeks and rotated so that its tube-shaped apertures pointed toward the young woman's ample behind. Gisela let out a bone-chilling cry of shame and disgust as the creature finally blew its load onto her perfect, splendidly huge ass. Rope after rope of viscous black sludge violently erupted from the thing's openings and loudly splattered upon the mountains of padded flesh, the unborn spawn of a daemon most foul cast upon the smooth buttocks of an anointed sister-paladin. An unearthly roar emanated from the eldritch horror as it surrendered to the pleasure of its abominable ejaculation.

That moment proved decisive. In the throes of unspeakable orgasm, the monster unwittingly relaxed its death-grip upon Gisela's wrists. The impossibly voluptuous paladin immediately saw hope and seized it. With all her might, Gisela flung herself free from her captor's massive pincers, descending violently but safely onto solid ground below. Her plated gauntlets found the steel-headed hammer lying in the muck. A burst of divine power ignited dazzling blue flames around Gisela as she grasped the weapon, the brilliant eruption of light piercing the bog's gloom and blinding the daemon with its magnificence.

The steel head of Gisela's hammer, wreathed in blue flames borne of holy magic, met the monster's "head" in a vicious arc. Its amber eyes exploded into sickly slime as the buxom paladin's weapon connected. The thing let out only a fleeting indecipherable screech of agony as it toppled over loudly and forcefully, vanquished by the bustiest woman in the Kingdom. Its lifeless, tree-like body crashed onto soft dirt, its final resting place ironically alongside the fish-man it had slain.
