 This is my first stab at writing sci-fi, and I enjoyed every second of it. John Wyndham I ain't, but it was fun all the same! 

As ever, my heartfelt appreciation goes out to my editor, The (devilishly handsome) Brit, without whom my stories would lack a definite sparkle! Always there with a wise word and a green highlighter, I'm more than lucky to have him on my side *grins*

I also would like to thank my beta reader, the wonderful Lee Savino, who thinks to ask the questions I never even realise need asking. And laughs at my lame jokes. She's fantabulous.

Without any further ado, I hope you enjoy!

*****

The hiss of the hydraulics was the first sensation she experienced. Some sort of fluid drained outside the bag she lay in, settling her gently on the bottom. 

The bottom of what? 

The light was filtered by the opaque plastic sheeting, a fact she was grateful for as her eyes struggled to readjust. She tried to raise her arms but found them constricted by the bag. 

What's going on? Where am I?

A sudden thought stopped her dead.

Who am I?

This last worried her, but remotely, like she wasn't quite awake yet. She tried to think through the fug laid upon her mind but it was blank, like a crisp sheet of white paper floating in smoke.

A beep sounded, loud to her ears, then the bag she lay in began to rise, gears grinding. It shuddered to a halt and slowly unfolded.

The dim light still hurt her eyes and she squinted, rubbing circulation back into her hands. A sharp pain in her legs and back made her gasp and through blurred eyes she saw cannulas attached to tubes snaking back into the machine by her feet, before iced pads covered the insertion sites, a cooling spray coating them.

Something hard slid over her breast and she grasped it before it slipped over her shoulder. Circular sheets of metal attached to a chain sat in her fist. She tried to sit up to read them but her head was still held, motionless, in a frame.

Lifting them up to her eyes, she traced the lettering neatly inscribed.

