 Captain Mariska Holmes tugged at the collar of her dress uniform, pulling the itchy fabric away from her neck for a moment. "Damn thing. It would be so much easier if HQ would just let us wear our ship suits everywhere."

"Agreed." Yralla, Mariska's First Officer, was possibly even more uncomfortable than her captain. Vollarians prefered to go naked, to such an extent that it was almost a joke. "It's times like these that I wish that there were more Vollarians in the Fleet, and fewer Humans." She glanced at Mariska and winked.

"Vollarians wear clothes, sometimes."

"True, but we do it for practical reasons. I wouldn't go naked in freezing temperatures. But this," She waved her hand at the black uniform with it insignia and brightly colored ribbons. "This is ridiculous. Why you would cover yourself up and then pretend that it's for decorative purposes is a Human custom that I'll never understand."

The lift stopped, doors opening to reveal an observation deck.

"Though to see wonders like this I guess I can take a little discomfort," Yralla said, breathlessly.

Armstrong Station was a cylinder twenty kilometers long. Half a million people, from two dozen species, lived there. Mariska and Yralla were at the northern cap, having just arrived at the Fleet docks. They had a view of the entire station. A bright sunline lit the open space, bathing the fields and towns that dotted the surface in perfect illumination. The interior was the sort of green that you would never expect to see in space. The green reserved for forests and crops. Armstrong had plenty of both, it was self-sufficient and grew enough food to export luxury goods to nearby worlds. It was one of the crowning achievements of Human engineering. 

It was also the headquarters of the Galactic Council Fleet.

"Quite a view, isn't it?" Mariska paused at the railing for a moment, her eyes picking out people flying near the sunline, taking advantage of the lack of gravity there. Finally she turned, heading for their destination. "Come on, we have an appointment." 

High Admiral Murchison's office was located in an anonymous building near the port. Mariska and Yralla were escorted in by a junior officer. They came to attention in front of the Admiral's desk and fired off snappy salutes.

"Captain Holmes and First Officer Yralla, of the GCS Astarte, reporting as ordered, sir." Mariska held her eyes a foot above the Admiral's head, as protocol dictated. But she couldn't help but notice that they were not alone in the office. A slim woman with dirty blonde hair was sitting in the corner, wearing the robes of a Council bureaucrat. 

Murchison returned their salute, and gestured to a pair of chairs. He was a large man, powerfully built. Getting older, but still intimidating. Murchison had made his reputation putting down pirate fleets in the Omega Cluster. He was known as a warrior and a leader. 

"Captain, First Officer, let me begin by congratulating you on the exemplary work that you've done in responding to the recent outbreak of genetic terrorism. The Astarte and her crew have been involved in more of these incidents than any vessel in the Fleet, and I'm confident that not all of our crews would have handled the situation as well as you did."

"Thank you, sir." Mariska spoke evenly, but she felt pride for her ship and crew welling in her heart.

"Don't thank me yet. You've proven that you're competent, that just means that I'm going to ask you to do more." He turned to the woman in the corner. "This is Inspector Svetlana Zhang, of the Council Bureau of Investigation. She's been working this case from their side. CBI believes that they have a lead, and they'd like you to participate in the hunt. Inspector?"

Inspector Zhang leaned forward, letting Mariska get a good look at her. She had dirty blonde hair falling down to the middle of her back, tied in a loose ponytail. Her green, almond shaped eyes drew Mariska's gaze lower, to the inspector's high cheekbones and lush lips. Mariska realized that she was staring, and broke away. But not before she saw a small smile grace the inspector's lips.

"I agree with the Admiral that you've performed well in these situations so far. That's why I asked for you." Her voice was strong and melodical. "I think that prior experience will be essential going forward. This is our suspect."

She tapped the data pad sitting in front of her and an image appeared on the office's wall screen. It was a woman, a Tauran woman. She had the crimson skin and yellow eyes that were common to her species. The mass of black hair on her head was actually swept back quills. The image looked like it had come from an official document, like an identification badge.

"This is To'varra Kashto. She is a Tauran genetics expert, and suspected biological terrorist. She's one of the galaxy's leading experts on trans-species sexual transmission. She's also a dangerous religious fanatic and cult leader."

Yralla stirred in her chair. "What religion?"

Zhang's lips twisted into a small grin. "Her own. She made it up. Kashto became obsessed with the idea that the genetic differences between species were just artificial. That it would be possible to breed one true people from all the species of the galaxy. She acquired a few followers." The Inspector tapped her pad again, and the image shifted to Kasto address a few dozen people, most Humans and Taurans. "Some of her followers are very wealthy. And they set her up with private labs and the sort of equipment most geneticists only dream of. That got her on CBI's radar, so we tracked her. And then a year ago, we lost her. She disappeared."

"What does this have to do with the attacks?" Mariska asked. 

"Kashto has a stated desire to alter every Council species so that we all become one perfected race. To her, sex is a weapon, a way to inject your targets with the genetic information that will change them. We think she's trying out different methods, seeing what works best." More tapping, the various different creatures that they had fought appeared on the screen. "Dry runs, if you will."

Mariska nodded. "So what do we do?"

Murchison spoke up. "The Inspector will join you on the Astarte. Your patrol route has been modified to take into account Kashto's possible location. You'll narrow it down, and then take her in. Questions?"

"No, sir."

Inspector Zhang had obviously known about the Admiral's decision before the meeting. Her baggage had already been delivered to the ship. Yralla departed quickly to attend to her duties, leaving Mariska alone with Zhang.

"Well, I suppose a tour is in order. You'll find that the Astarte is pretty quiet right now. We're in port, so most of the crew is on leave." Mariska eyed Zhang's robes. "I think our first stop will be the Quartermaster's berth. It's time for a wardrobe change."

"Excuse me?" Zhang asked, her face coloring a little. "What do you mean?"

"Those robes are not suitable for shipboard wear. If anything happened they could get you killed. Too bulky, and no protection if there's a hull breach. Ah, here we are." The Quartermaster's space was a large room, full of neatly packed supplies. Mariska rummaged in a locker for a moment, before coming out with a slim silver chain. "Here you go, your ship suit."

Zhang blushed, her face going red as she clutched at her robes. "I... I don't understand."

Mariska smiled. Most people wouldn't be familiar with Fleet equipment. "Here, let me show you." She quickly pulled off her dress uniform, until she was naked save for the gold chain that circled her waist. A quick touch sent the black nanofabric spilling out to cover her body like a second skin. "Just like that. Now strip."

For a moment, it looked like Zhang might protest. But finally her hands went to the clasps of her robes. Mariska took a moment to admire the Inspector's body. She was trim and athletic, with a flat, lightly muscled stomach and powerful legs. Her breasts were modest, firm handfuls capped with puffy pink nipples. A full, unkempt bush rested between her thighs.

Zhang saw where Mariska was looking, and blushed even deeper. "I didn't know that I'd be naked in front of someone today. So I didn't... do any grooming."

"It's not a problem." Mariska held out the silver chain. "The suit will take care of it."

"I'm sorry?"

"The suit will remove your body hair. It needs a perfect connection with your skin to function properly." She smiled and ran a hand along her arm. "I haven't had to shave since I joined the service. It's one of the perks they don't tell you about at the recruiting office."

Zhang licked her lips and nodded. She took the chain, fastening it around her waist. One touch of her finger and what looked like dark green oil poured out. It flowed up to her neck and down to her feet, devouring any hair that it found along the way. Once it was finished, Zhang held out her arms, admiring the way that the ship suit covered her skin. "Interesting. I don't think I would have picked this color, though."

"Your choices are a little limited. The captain gets black. First officer gets red. And everyone else gets green." Mariska shrugged. "Just the way it is. Now how about that tour?"

Mariska hadn't been kidding when she said the ship would be quiet. She showed Zhang the bridge, the engineering spaces, and the weapons bays without seeing a single crewmember. Not that something like that was unusual. They were in one of the biggest ports in the galaxy. Most of the crew was off the ship, focused on getting drunk and laid. 

The recreation space was as empty as the rest of the ship. Empty of crew that was. In the back corner, nestled among some gaming machines, was a low cubby. Zhang was drawn to it immediately. 

"Are these what I think they are?"

Mariska looked into the cubby and saw a wriggling pile of meter long forms. "The Lutran Worms. Smuggled on board in Helmswoman Montrose's womb. We've kept them for entertainment purposes. Sterilized of course. They packed quite a punch when we first met them."

"So I've heard." Zhang reached down and grabbed one of the creatures, bringing it up for closer inspection. 

"Careful. It'll climb down your throat if you give it a chance."

"Are they really that aggressive?"

"They are. Some of the girls like being stuffed though, so we keep them." Mariska smiled at the memory of her time on Lutra, heat blooming between her legs. "Come on, only one more stop."

They were heading for the crew quarters. "Obviously, you'll have your own cabin for the duration of your time on board. But, I thought you might like to see how most of the crew lives." She pushed her way into the crew quarters, and then stopped in her tracks. 

Five women remained on board, a skeleton crew in case of emergency. Three of them were here. One of them, likely a junior rating, was being roughly fucked by the other two. She was sandwiched between them, strap-on dildos plunging into her pussy and ass. She was obviously enjoying herself, moans and grunts emerging from her mouth in time with her shipmate's thrusting. In normal times Mariska would have stayed to watch, maybe even joined in. But she had her guest to consider. So she quietly maneuvered the blushing Inspector from the room. 

Zhang's own quarters were considerably more quiet. They weren't much, a desk, a couch, a bathroom. But compared to what most of the crew shared the room was massive. "I'm surprised that you have a room like this to spare," She said as she looked around.

Mariska shrugged. "The Astarte was built to do many missions. One of them is diplomatic courier. That's was this room has mostly been used for. It's small but it should suit your needs. The couch has been programmed with all the latest stress relief routines, if you're feeling antsy." She grinned at Zhang conspiratorially. The Inspector smiled back at her uncertainly, her gaze drifting to the couch. "So, that concludes our tour. I'd like to invite you to dinner with myself and the bridge crew. I can come get you a little prior to that and we can discuss the upcoming mission some?"

"That would be lovely," The Inspector said.

A little over an hour later Mariska was standing in front of Zhang's door. She knocked. No answer. She knocked again. "Inspector, are you there?" She knocked one last time, growing exasperated. Finally, she decided to use her commander's authorization to override the lock. 

Svetlana Zhang was sitting back on her couch, her legs spread, as a column of the green gel thrust deep into her asshole. A ribbon of the couch material had snaked over her thigh and traveled down to her pussy. It was undulating in rapid waves over her clit. Her hands and forearms had been sucked into the couch, holding her in place. Another rope of the stuff was wrapped around her neck, slowly constricting her air as the gel at her pussy and ass picked up speed. Judging from the puddle of nectar on the floor in front of her, the Inspector had been at this for some time.

A fire ignited inside Mariska. She couldn't help but watch. A quick touch deactivated her ship suit. She had a hand at her pussy before it was fully retracted. Her other hand went to her breast, squeezing and kneading, until her milk began to flow. A trickle of thick cream began to emerge from her fat nipple, dripping down to the floor to join the other fluids already there.

Zhang was obviously close. Her legs had kicked out, shaking and flexing as her toes curled. The column of gel in her ass was plunging so deep that it could be seen in her stomach. The gel at her clit was moving faster now, making small wet sounds as it slapped against her pussy. The couch choked her, pulling her head back until her breath was a thin rasp. Her eyes rolled back, drool trickled from the corner of her mouth. Zhang's hips began thrusting off the couch, desperate for penetration. A stream of her juices soon became a flood, every thrust of her hips sending another squirt of nectar out to splash on the floor. Eventually, her orgasm ended. The gel's thrusting slowed, the rope around her neck went loose. She took a deep, gasping breath.

Mariska was rapidly approaching her own climax, when Zhang looked up at her. "Help," She said, her voice a thin whisper.

Mariska reached over to the couch's console, and turned off the routine. The gel released Zhang's hands. She reached down and began pulling the slick material from her ass. The aftershocks of countless climaxes were still running through her. Mariska sat down on the couch and pulled Zhang to her, holding the poor woman close as she shook and twitched. 

"Oh god." Zhang's breath was coming in staccato bursts. "I didn't..." She shook again, one of her legs flying out from her body. Finally, she got herself under a certain level of control. She looked up at Mariska, a small smile on her face. "I thought I was going to get a massage."

Mariska looked over at the console. "I think your finger must have slipped. You went for something a little more advanced than a massage."

Zhang rested her head on Mariska's breast "I... I never... It's been... Wow." She stayed like that for a moment, taking in deep breaths, until she noticed something, She looked back at Mariska, concern filling her eyes. "You're lactating. Are you pregnant? I wouldn't have asked for your ship if I knew you were pregnant."

"Ha! I hope not. If I am I'll have some serious words with the doctor." She gently kneaded her breast, sending out another stream of her thick milk. "No, I've been like this for a long time. Since a youthful indiscretion with an alien species." She saw that Zhang was looking at her breast with a mix of awe and desire. "You can taste it. I don't mind."

Zhang hesitantly reached out a finger, dragging its tip along Mariska's skin. Her milk was noticeably thicker than normal. Zhang marveled at the way it coated her finger. She quickly popped it into her mouth. "Mmm," Zhang cooed. "It's so sweet. Like ice cream."

"That's what everyone says."Mariska was kneading both her tits now, coating her skin and running in little rivers down her belly. "You're welcome to try it straight from the source."

Zhang didn't hesitate this time. She leaned in and latched her lips around Mariska's nipple, and began suckling greedily. Mariska moaned and cradled the Inspector's head against her breast. Mouth filling bursts of milk were pouring from her nipples. A pleasant warmth spread throughout her body as she watched the other woman gulp down her sweet cream. She let her free hand drift down to her pussy, her fingers delving into her slick folds. Mariska tilted her head back and let out a low moan. "You're very good at this, Inspector."

The other woman broke away for a moment, a dollop of cream hanging from her plump lower lip. "I think we can dispense with the formality. Call me Lana." She leaned back in to swallow Mariska's nipple.

"Mmm. Lana it is." She was attacking her pussy forcefully now, hooking three fingers into her dripping gash while attacking her clit with her thumb. It didn't help that Lana was massaging her breast with both hands now, forcing out even larger bursts of milk. Her un-suckled nipple was leaking in sympathy, a veritable river of white running down her firm tit. 

Mariska's orgasm hit like a freight train. She crushed Lana against her breast, smothering the woman in milky tit flesh. Her pussy clamped down on her fingers, and she reveled in the feeling of her slick muscles flexing around her digits. She started thrusting into herself rapidly, her fingers running rampant across her g-spot as she tried to prolong her climax. A long, high groan escaped her lips. Her hips began to twitch. A rush of girlcum poured from her pussy, joining the milk that was already pooled around her hips. She pulled Lana off of her breast, and the two women lay together for a while, cuddling.

"I think I need a shower." Lana sat up and stretched. "I feel... used up."

Mariska took a moment to admire the Inspector's trim frame. She stood, reaching out a hand for the other woman. "You should come to the Captain's Cabin. My shower's nicer."

She wasn't lying. Lana had a shower of her own, a small one, but that was luxury on a warship. Mariska's shower was three times the size, one of the many perks of being the Captain. Warm water fell from the ceiling like rain when she turned it on. Lana stepped in, soaking hair and letting the water wash the sweat and cum from her body. She turned towards Mariska, cupping her breast with one hand and making a come hither gesture with the other. The woman who had blushed at the thought of being naked in front of a stranger was gone. 

"You're lucky we're in port, hooked up to the station's water supply," Mariska said. She stepped into the shower, reaching out to squeeze Lana's breasts. Her lips found the Inspector's neck, making her coo in pleasure. "When we're underway you only get a minute of water every three days."

Lana didn't seem to care. Her hand's were on Mariska's ass, pulling her closer. "Oh my god. Is there something in the air here?" They kissed, tongues wrestling in Lana's mouth, before she broke away with a gasp. "I knew life in the service made people more adventurous, but this is insane. I've never been this turned on." She started grinding her pussy against Mariska's thigh. 

"I've always found that getting on a warship has a way of focusing your mind on what's important." She spun Lana around and pushed her up against the wall. "Though maybe it's just that the possibility of death is an aphrodisiac." Mariska spread Lana's ass cheeks and squatted behind her. The Inspector's pussy and asshole were a little red from the battering they had received earlier. "How many times did your couch make you cum?"

"I don't know," Lana whined. She pushed her hips back a little, desperate for contact with Mariska. "I passed out a few times."
