 Chapter 01: Welcome Aboard

The ship cut its way silently through the vacuum of space, though traveling faster than light. It was cylindrical in shape, tapering to a rounded nose where the cockpit could be found.

Captain Jade was there, sitting in the pilot's seat and letting her mind wander as she watched the boards to make sure nothing went amiss. [The Wanderer] was not an especially large ship, and she boasted a crew of only six people, but they were a highly dedicated crew, and as good at their jobs as she could have hoped for.

First, there was Captain Jade herself. A beautiful woman with skin the color of ivory, brilliant green eyes, and fiery red hair. She was a woman who knew what she wanted and knew how to go about getting it.

Next was her first officer, Andrew Steele. He was a man whose exquisitely chiseled features were only enhanced by the combination of steel grey eyes and raven black hair. He knew his way around both a gun and a woman's body with practiced ease.

Then there were the twins-- Alexis and Ariana. A couple of teenaged pixies, identical in every way with chestnut-brown hair and chocolate-brown eyes. They may have been only eighteen, but they could take an engine apart and put it back together inside of two hours.

Of course, every ship needs a medic. Jack had signed on with [The Wanderer] straight out of medical school. In his mid-twenties, he was already brilliant. He was also more than just pleasant to look at. He was a veritable Adonis. Wavy golden hair, twinkling hazel eyes, tanned but not baked skin, and an even, white smile. He even had dimples. They just added to his boyish charm.

Last, but not least, there was Richard Johnson- ship's cook, unofficial counselor, and all around morale officer. Not only could he cook the favorite meal of every crew member to perfection, he would listen to their problems and come up with the perfect solution or form of therapy while he did it. Of course, it didn't hurt at all that he worked out in his spare time and had the body to prove it.

On this particular night (though [could] it be called night out here in the depths of space?) Jade hadn't been able to sleep and so had decided to take her watch early, sending Alexis to bed. Jade didn't mind in the least. This was her favorite time of night. Things were quiet, lights were dim, and she could think without being disturbed.

Usually her thoughts centered on her crew, things she needed to do for the ship, supplies she needed to obtain, cargo she might be hauling, or passengers she may be transporting. Tonight, though, she was thinking about her destination and what had happened the last time she was there.

Jade's ship was currently on its way to the vacation planet Krystelle to deliver cargo to one of the luxury resorts there. In fact, it was the biggest, most expensive resort on the whole planet. However, the business manager was an acquaintance and had specifically requested her crew for the job.

Even though they were still a whole day away, it was with that resort manager that Jade's thoughts rested. The last time Jade had been to Krystelle, she'd noticed a new lounge that had opened on the strip. Upscale and high-class, it looked like a place she could enjoy. She had found a place at a small table in a dark corner where she could enjoy her drink while listening to the music of the piano player near the bar.

Before long, her solitude had been broken by a rich baritone voice asking if the other seat at her table was taken. Not much as far as opening lines went, but when Jade glanced up to see who had spoken, she was immediately taken by the handsome features and the gentle smile of the man looking down at her.

For awhile, they had just sat talking. They covered everything from who they were and what they did to lists of all-time favorites (of every kind), and everything in between. And with every passing minute, their conversation had gotten more detailed and intimate. When James had finally asked where she was staying only to find out she would be sleeping on her ship, he'd asked her back to his place. She hadn't hesitated.

As Jade remembered what had happened next, she realized that her thighs were a bit moist and her nipples could be clearly seen through the cotton of her dress. It really was a good thing she was alone. She never wore underwear- she found it too restricting. [Which it didn't take James long to discover, much to his very obvious delight,] Jade thought to herself.

James had settled Jade on the bed that took up a large portion of his bedroom before running his hand up the slender leg that he could plainly see since her dress was slit up both sides as far as her very shapely hips. When his hand reached her ass, only to find bare skin, Jade had very clearly seen the desire flood his gaze.

With one hand still cupping her curvy ass, the other found its way to her breast to massage and tease her already hardened nipple. As James nuzzled the hollow of her neck, he pulled her against his body so firmly that there was no mistake in exactly how much he wanted her.

Then he untied the laces at the front of her bodice, allowing it to fall open and baring her creamy white breasts. He eased the dress off of her shoulders and slowly down her body, stopping every now and then to suckle her, to trail kisses in his wake, and to run his tongue lightly across her sensitive skin.

Jade had already been writhing on the bed from the intensity of the tingles zinging from every extremity straight to her flaming hot core, but when James finished the journey his mouth was taking, he stopped just short of the prize. Instead, he ran his tongue lightly along first one side, then the other, of Jade's neatly trimmed outer lips, fanning the flames of her need to a full blaze.

When she couldn't stand another second of that exquisite torture, Jade begged James to give her the release she sought. He glided his tongue slowly up the slit between her labia, lapping at her moistness as he readied her. He reached her clit and gently sucked it into his mouth while flicking it with the tip of his tongue, causing her to nearly scream from the pleasure.

As he alternated between using his tongue to ravish her clit and thrusting it into her pussy like a miniature prick, Jade's muscles began to tense, taking her slowly to that precipice where she would either have to jump, or would surely die. Then all of a sudden, the waves of her orgasm flooded over her, and her juices ran like a tidal wave. But James was good and didn't let even one drop escape. Jade floated back from her passion to find James giving her a wicked grin.

Lost in her memories, Jade thought to herself, [As incredible as that was, it was only the beginning.]

She remembered watching as James began shedding his own clothes, giving her the view she had been longing for. As he lowered his boxers, Jade let out a gasp. James was hung with a cock that was seven inches, and still hardening! By the time he was fully hard, it had to have been at least nine and a half, maybe even ten. James grabbed her hips and positioned himself at her cunt. Looking her straight in the eye, he shoved himself home, burying himself to the hilt. He gave her just a moment to adjust, then drew back to where he had almost pulled out before slamming back in. He wasn't a complete animal with her, but he wasn't gentle, either. As he fucked her, he slammed her again and again, each time driving as deep as he could so that Jade could have sworn he was fucking her lungs.

Before long, Jade could feel her orgasm building again. It didn't take long. It seemed James knew the exact spot to hit and was very talented at doing so. As her release built, so did his. When her pussy walls started clenching around his dick, he simply couldn't hold out anymore and pumped her with what seemed to be a full gallon of cum.

Jade remembered that she had planned to fly out the next day, but had actually ended up staying an extra two days. The crew hadn't minded. After all, the planet was a paradise.

As Jade brought herself back to the present, she realized she would have to clean the pilot's chair before the next watch began. [Oh well,] she thought, [it's not like it's the first time.]