 Nadia rested in her new room, naked. She loved the body Alene gave her, it was perfect, her hips almost as wide as her shoulders, her breasts firm and wobbly, her skin a smooth, welcoming canvas. The room lacked her touch, but she felt content with it, it was much larger than her former room, almost three times bigger. Next to her king-size bed was a drawer, Nadia opened it and took out the two rings, "I can't believe the day finally came..." she said quietly and left the room.

The living room was also quiet, but Nadia heard the commotion taking place outside. Even though Nadia knew they were only seven girls it sounded like many more were outside. She walked down the stairs and out the huge white door. Outside, the girls were talking about the upcoming ceremony, but Nadia didn't see any preparation for the upcoming wedding. The moment the girls noticed her Angie spoke, "There she is! Come on girls, places!" she declared, and each walked her way. Angie walked over to Nadia, "How are you girl? Excited?"

"I can hardly believe this is happening, don't get me wrong, I'm super happy, but you know how long I've been waiting for this." Nadia took a deep breath.

"I know," Angie hugged Nadia, their huge boobs pressed against each other and they shared a passionate kiss, "Alene picked a dress for you, I think you're going to love it."

"I thought we said we'll all be naked," Nadia wondered for a moment, "Well if Alene picked it she probably had her reasons."

Angie led Nadia around the house where a huge screen blocked the setting sun, Nadia assumed that Alene's plans were behind it. Angie pointed her to a door in the wall, Nadia opened it and found herself in a fitting room, Angie followed.

"Well, this is it, do you like it?" Angie pointed to a mannequin that held the dress.

"Oh, my god!" Nadia screamed with excitement, "It's perfect! I can't wait to try it on!"

The dress was made with white lace, it hung onto Nadia's body and its curves perfectly. Alene kept to her word about keeping the girls naked, the dress wrapped around Nadia's neck and down her back, her breasts exposed before wrapping again around her hips and coming down in wide strips all the way to the floor, Nadia's pussy was also exposed. What made the dress perfect was a delicate purple strip that ran from Nadia's neck, between her breasts and ended at Naida's clit.

Angie whimpered for a moment, "You are the most beautiful bride I ever saw." She said and hugged her tight, careful not to ruin the wedding dress. "Well, Nadia, are you ready to start?"

"Yes," Nadia said, her voice decisive.

"Once we leave the room the screen will no longer be outside," Angie explained, "you saw a million wedding movies, you know what to do, right?"

Nadia smiled, "Never saw one where the groom was a magical sex goddess with a giant cock."

"Well... we have to fix that, right?" Angie giggled and opened the door outside.

As Angie promised the screen was gone, Nadia finally got a look at their back yard. The pool was huge, it went on for over a mile, it was filled with thick white cream. The cream sparkled in the setting sun and Nadia notice there were diamonds in it. In the middle of the pool was an island, on it were four trees that formed a canopy, the girls were all there.

"Follow me," Angie instructed and walked over to the pool. Nadia feared she'll have to destroy her dress to get to the island but once Angie reached the edge she carefully placed a foot over the edge and started walking, she was floating inches above the pool. "Don't worry, Alene made a pathway for us, just watch your first step." Nadia listened to Angie and to her surprise she felt the path beneath her feet. The girls walked over to the island, stepping carefully, the white pool with diamonds mesmerized them. Before long they reached the island.

"What happened to the pool?" Angie wondered.

"She got a little excited..." Sabrina gestured to Alene, she was wearing the same dress Nadia was, but her strip was turquoise. Her flaccid cock and balls rested between her knees, they too were wrapped in a thin layer of lace that was meant to give a pleasing pattern to Alene's rod but hid nothing.

"I think it's lovely," Nadia pointed to the pool, "we all love cum, might as well have it in the pool, right?"

"Too true." Nicky giggled.

Jen took charge, "Well ladies, before it gets too cold and the sun sets we have a wedding to take care off," They all knew she was right, "let's call the thing by its name, we all know no religious man will agree to this coupling. Do you girls have someone in particular who is willing to conduct the ceremony?"

Alene and Nadia stood by each other, "Well..." Nadia started, "we thought since you girls are all such a huge part of our lives. That one of you might be interested in doing it."

"Wow, I didn't expect that," Jen said, surprised by the offer.

"You girls changed my life," it was Nicky who spoke, she walked in front of the girls, "Please let me do it, I owe you so much, it's the least I could do. Girls, please let me do it."

"I would love that Nicky," Alene smiled, and Nadia nodded in agreement. The rest showed no objection.

"Let the wedding begin!" Nicky declared, jumping with excitement. She grabbed Nadia and Alene by the girls' hands and pulled them to the center of the island. They stood before her, the girls at their back, the setting sun behind them. "dearly beloved, we have gathered here this evening to witness the coming together of two amazing souls."

Everyone smiled, the girls looked, mesmerized, at Alene and Nadia. "Alene, do you take Nadia to be your wife? For good or worst, through sickness and health, will you care for all her needs?"

"Yes," Alene confirmed, not thinking for even a moment.

"Nadia, will you be there for Alene? Stand by her side and support her every need?"

"Of course!" Nadia also confirmed, both girls convinced in their choice.

"Sabrina, will you bring the rings?" Nicky requested. A moment later Sabrina was by her side, holding a red pillow upon which rested two golden rings. Nicky grabbed them and walked to Alene, she whispered in her ear, "You know what to do now." She dropped a ring in her hand and moved to Nadia, doing the exact same thing.

Alene and Nadia came closer and faced each other. Each offered her left hand and gripped her ring with two fingers. "Is this really happening?" Nadia asked Alene.

"By God, yes Nadia, yes!" tears filled the girls' eye as the rings found their way to the lovers' fingers.

"I declare you wife and wife! You may kiss." And with those words, the girls kissed deeply and shared a love filled hug. The sun was gone, and night covered the world, Alene used her magic to conjure a dinner for the girls, they ate to their hurts' content, and all fell into a deep sleep on the island, Alene and Nadia slept embraced.

The girls woke up to a new day, they made their way back to the house after Alene. "There are a few more things I need to take care of. Firstly, I want you girls to know that even though I am married to Nadia, we are all still going to fuck just like before."

"Glad to hear," Angie sighed in relief.

"Next I need to talk to Sabrina, you girls can stay if you wish," Alene said and turned to Sabrina.

"How can I help?" Sabrina asked and came closer.

"Well, I've been thinking about it Sabrina," Alene closed the distance, "with everything that happened yesterday, we never got to fuck..."

"I think your right," Sabrina said in a seductive voice, her breasts exploded around Alene, engulfing the slim girl in her warm and smooth flash. The girls looked into each other's eyes with deep desire. "want to change that?" the woman teased.

Alene tried to reach down to her crotch but found Sabrina's massive breasts blocked her path, "I do," Alene admitted and tried pushing her way through once more, "want to give me a hand?"

Sabrina shook her head, "nope, if you want my juicy pussy you'll have to work for it" her breasts grew once more, squishing Alene and limiting her movement. Alene smiled, the new addition to the team was putting up a fight, "Well enough, Emarcesco." Sabrina giggled, Alene's spell changed nothing.

"Your magic has no effect on my breasts Alene, or have you forgotten?" Sabrina laughed, and her breasts grew even bigger, Alene never saw a pair so big and knew she had to find a way out if she wanted to keep Sabrina with her. She kept wagging and shifting her hand, trying to reach down. Finally, her hand reached its destination. A smile started to spread across her face when she found it and started guiding the growing shaft to her lover's snatch. Alene was still encased by Sabrina's breasts.

"I see what you're trying to do Alene, I don't plan on making it easy." Sabrina focused, and her breasts grew again, so big Alene could no longer see Sabrina, her world was engulfed completely by Sabrina's delicate, inviting boobs. The feeling was amazing until Alene understood the issue, she couldn't breathe. A fright filled her heart as she felt her cock fighting its way through the crushing wall of boobs. 

Alene felt the darkness, it slowly crept in as no air filled her lungs. "Just a little more, can't fall asleep now," she fought with everything she had, but the weight was overwhelming, "Is this how it ends?" Alene felt her tip, it felt different, it was no longer covered by boobs. She felt a soft breeze; a single drop of liquid fell on her cock...

In a flash, Alene's cock launched at its new target, it burrowed deeply into the pussy, reaching the womb in an instant and picking Sabrina off the ground. Air filled Alene's lungs again, pushing the darkness down and bringing her back. Sabrina was suspended high above Alene. Her body rested on her colossal breasts and Alene's cock.

"I can grow too," Alene declared once she regained her breath, "shrink yours and I'll shrink mine." Now that Alene was out of danger she looked around and noticed Sabrina's boobs were almost big enough to fill the room, the floorboard cracked under the weight. Alene couldn't see her nipples, but she guessed they were bigger than Alene herself.

"Ok, wow, you win," Came Sabrina's voice. Her breasts started shrinking, Alene matched her own size to Sabrina's. Slowly, the woman descended from above into Alene's embracing arms. "You are something special girl," she giggled.

"So, do I get to fuck you now?" Alene asked and sucked on Sabrina's right nipple, it was proportioned to her gargantuan breast, easily bigger than Angie's.

"I don't think I have a say in it any longer," Sabrina said and wiggled her feet, she was a foot above the ground, held there by Alene's pole.

"Turns out you don't," Alene agreed and started enjoying the pussy around her cock and the soft breasts that filled the space between her and Sabrina, they were so big they overflowed. The pussy and womb were dripping wet and Alene felt Sabrina's juices flowing down her shaft and around her balls. Alene turned around and looked at the room as her cock pulsated inside Sabrina, slamming against the back of her womb over and over again.

"Look what you did Sabrina," Alene marveled at the two holes in the floor where Sabrina's breasts rested.

"Ahhh, god..." Was all Sabrina could say, lost deep in an orgasm, her mind and body aflame. Alene started walking through the empty room and made her way to the staircase.

"You feel so inviting Sabrina, are you ready to take me?" she asked as she set down on the second stair, her balls covering the first step, big enough for Sabrina to rest her bottom upon. She was long lost and gave no vocal answer, her body answered instead, her wall squeezed Alene with all her might, pushing her over the edge.

A scream of joy filled Alene's throat as her body locked in place, her fingers clenching onto Sabrina's monster breasts. Sabrina screamed herself, it was not Alene's rough treatment that made her scream, but the cock in her womb. The first shot finished the trip up the shaft and exploded in her lower abdomen.

In seconds, Sabrina's belly grew and filled what little space was left between Alene and her, pushing Sabrina onto her back. Alene knew Sabrina was new to this, and as her belly filled with enough cum to rival her breasts the ejaculation tapered down.

"Thank you, Alene Raven," Sabrina panted deeply, exhausted by what happened, "I am yours..." and with those words sleep overtook her.

Alene got on her feet and extracted her cock out of Sabrina, a stream of cum followed and flooded the floor. "Nadia, where are you?" she shouted over the sound of splashing cum. Nadia appeared in the doorway, marveling at Sabrina and what she'd been through.

"Told you-you shouldn't tease her," She shouted to Sabrina, who moaned softly in reply, "you called wife?" her eyes fixed back on Alene.

"Right Nadia, we also need to talk, upstairs?" Alene offered. Nadia walked over to her and carefully made her way over Sabrina, her feet stepped in the cum and as the girls made their way up their footprints stained the stairs.

Once they reached the second flood Alene asked, "my room or yours?"

"I really want to see your room, Alene," Nadia admitted.

"Fair enough, come with me," Alene said and gently grabbed Nadia's wrist, leading her to the last door in the hallway. The big, white door opened, and Nadia saw Alene's room for the first time, "Welcome Nadia," Alene invited her in. the room was gigantic, easily bigger than the girls' entire former home. The ceiling was high and the whole place was painted white, down to the smallest details. One wall was missing, a giant window took its place, showing the white, sparkling pool and golden fields.

"Wow, you really took care of yourself, Alene," Nadia managed to look back at her wife.

"My room is yours Nadia, any of the girls could claim it if she wants. You know what? This is your room now," Alene protested.

"No, no Alene, don't get me wrong, I was kidding, I love my room, it's perfect." Both girls smiled. Alene walked over to her bed and offered Nadia a seat beside her, the bed was so big it had space for all the girls and then some. "So, what is it, Alene?" 

Alene cleared her throat, "I want to make sure you understand that even though we are married we are both free to have sex with others,"

"I never thought otherwise," Nadia smiled, but suddenly the smile dissipated, "Alene, can I ask something? I just have to know..."

"Anything you want Nadia, what is it? I am an open book for you, love."

"Back at the old house in London, something changed, I can't put my finger on it but something changed in you," Nadia spoke in a confused voice.

"You are right Nadia, something changed, you won't believe me but, if you want, I am willing to tell you about it." Alene blushed.

"I am listening, and I think I saw enough of you to believe anything coming out of your mouth."

"Well, it all happened while you fucked Jen after Elpis left us for good. I went up to my room and locked the door." Alene started playing with her fingers, "I knew you girls are going to sort things out, but I had to face one last problem. I was in conflict, magic brought me so much pain, but it also brought me joy." Alene leaned and kissed Nadia.

"You were in conflict... good and bad..." Nadia reflected Alene's thoughts.

"Right, I felt I needed a talk with myself, so I opened the book," Alene opened a drawer and took the spell book, she flipped through the pages and placed the open book in Nadia's lap, "I used this spell..."

The book read, "To Resolve an Inner Conflict." In blue letters, followed by a list of ingredients and incantations. "looks promising," Nadia commented.

"It was. I was taken from my room and placed in an empty space. And I mean space Nadia, not a room or hanger, like outer space. I could breathe and walk but it was space. Across from me stood a girl, it took me a moment to understand it was me."

"What do you mean? Like two Alenes?" Nadia wondered.

"Not like Nadia, there were two Alene's. She walked over to me and didn't even talk, I can't explain it but somehow, I knew she meant me no harm. When she reached me, she took my cock and directed it to her pussy, she had no problem taking mt to the hilt. It felt amazing, then she took her own cock and entered me."

"Sounds amazing Alene, but you already did something like that with Nicky," Nadia pointed out.

"It was only the start, Nadia we grew, both of us, I never grew that big. It was amazing..." Alene trailed off in memory.

"How amazing Alene? How big?" Nadia wondered, captivated by the words Alene said.

"I don't know Nadia, I can't compare it to anything, I felt trillions of gallons flowing through me, it was unimaginable. Between it all, I was embraced with... well, myself. We talked,"

"About what?" Nadia wondered.

"Many things, we were there for a while," Alene explained, "We talked about our love for you, about the girls and about spells. We came to an understanding, I shouldn't be afraid, I have great power, there is no need for fear, especially not around you girls."

Nadia smiled, "You don't fear magic anymore Alene?"

Alene nodded, "no, no more. I have a great gift, no reason not to use it, all of it."

"I agree Alene, I'm so glad to hear you say it" Nadia hugged her wife and held her tightly.

"Sabrina was a nice snack Nadia, but I need more. Do you want to see what I can really do with my magic?" Alene offered.

"You mean feel what you feel?" Nadia was fascinated.

"Yes, what I feel, interested?"

"I would want nothing more Alene, please..." Nadia almost screamed, she got up and pulled Alene off the bed, "I'm ready! I think your room is big enough."

Alene shook her head, "I need more love..."

Nadia needed a moment to understand what Alene said, "The pool then?" Alene shook her head once more, "how big are you going to get?" Nadia's jaw dropped.

"let's go outside, we need some space," Alene said and made her way downstairs. The girls all played with each other, Nicky fucked Sabrina, unloading her cum and inflating the massive breasted girl. Jen was having her way with Angie, pressing her to the wall and squashing her boobs, a waterfall of milk escaped her nipples and streamed along the wall. Jen's cock crushed into her at an alarming rate.

"Play nice girls, Nadia and I are going to take a walk." They nodded and went back to their business. Alene and Nadia walked outside to the sun and blue skies. The air was warm, and the sun caressed their skin. "We have to walk a bit, wouldn't want to wrack our new house, right?"

"Totally, do you have some place in particular?" Nadia wondered.

"Not really," Alene pointed south, "according to the maps not many people live in that direction, and no major cities..."

"Goodness, I can't believe you're taking that into account now," Nadia gasped.

"You'll believe soon enough," Alene assured her as they made their way south.

They silently walked for half an hour, it was such a refreshing experience. When they approached a forest Alene stopped. "This is it, far enough."

"Ok, 10 points for location Alene, what next?" Nadia asked curiously.

"First of all, I need to know you trust me. Nadia this is dangerously big, please do as I say, trust I will keep you safe." Alene directed.

"I trust you with my life Alene, whatever you say, I do. You say jump I say how high." Nadia winked at Alene with a smile across her face.

"Come here Nadia," Alene positioned Nadia before her and hugged her from behind, Nadia cooperated. "Now please spread your legs," Nadia did as asked and before her eyes, Alene's cock grew stiff, it went between her legs and hung in the air 2 feet away, "you can close them now Nadia. Listen closely, when I grow don't try stopping the growth with your legs, you can't, just let nature work, I'm going to start growing, stop me if anything goes wrong." Nadia nodded, and at that moment she felt it, the dick between her legs was growing, at first, she could cross her legs around it, but soon it was too thick for that, about 5 feet away from Nadia it touched the ground but still kept going.
