 Chapter 02: Twin Desires

Alexis walked back down the narrow corridor, smiling to herself. She was sorry that Captain couldn't sleep- again. She really was. However, she also couldn't pretend she didn't appreciate being let off. It left more time for things that were infinitely more entertaining.

She slipped quietly into the room she shared with Ariana. She undressed quickly and slid into bed. The covers shifted a little as her bedmate turned, and Alexis gently kissed a pair of warm and willing lips. As her tongue slipped in, a pair of chocolate brown eyes opened wide- a pair of eyes that were in every way identical to her own.

"Surprise, Ari. Captain took my shift, so I'm yours for the night," she whispered as she reached out a hand and ran it lightly down her sister's bare side. She kissed Ari again and was pleased when Ari kissed her back. It sometimes took her sister a while to wake up enough to get with the program. Ari's tongue slipped into Alexis's mouth and Alexis wrestled it with her own as her hands began to wander.

She let her right hand run down Ari's side and around her hip to her firm backside. She filled both hands full of ass and pulled her sister closer while slipping a leg between Ari's thighs and allowing Ari to do the same to her.

Their mouths broke apart and Ari took the initiative before Alexis could and lowered her head to take one perky breast into her mouth while she fondled the other. She did her best to mirror her actions. As she suckled one breast, she gently kneaded the other, and as her tongue flicked at one hardened nipple, the other was being expertly pinched and stimulated.

When she had Alex squirming and could feel the juices on her leg, Ari came up for air. "Are you ready now, Alex?" she asked with a wicked grin.

"Oh, fuck yes, Ari! Get up here and turn around," Alex replied.

Ariana carefully raised herself and turned to face down Alex's body. They now each had a view of the other's juicy cunt and the uniquely trimmed hair surrounding it. Alex trimmed hers in the shape of a diamond, and Ari did hers to look like a heart. Not that anyone else ever saw them, but the shapes were truly the only possible way to tell the two apart.

As Ari used her hand to spread Alex's pussy lips before inserting her tongue as far as it would go, Alex pulled Ari down toward her and started sucking on her clit. She sucked until the juices were practically flowing down onto her mouth, then used her tongue to first lap up the excess, then to tongue-fuck her sister's cunt for a minute before moving back to trace lazy circles around her most sensitive spot.

Meanwhile, Ari had finished administering to Alex's opening and had also moved her attention to that most delicate location. However, while Alex's technique was lazy and gentle, Ari preferred a rougher, more frenzied approach. She sucked hard and long on Alex's clit before moving back to flick at it quickly and repeatedly with the tip of her tongue, then sucking hard again.

Ariana and Alexis really did think like twins. They each knew not only what the other liked, but also what she needed at any given point in time. With their special knowledge of each other, it wasn't long at all before they both reached their peaks. It happened simultaneously, as always, and neither of them stopped licking or sucking until they were both completely spent.

When they finished, they pulled the covers back up and fell into a deep, untroubled sleep, spooning together with Alex on the outside and Ari wrapped in her arms.

*********************

The next day, the ship landed on Krystelle- the pleasure planet and vacation paradise. Captain Jade asked everyone to gather for assignments, so the whole crew was together in the mess waiting for her to speak.

"Okay, we're going to be here for a total of four days. That will give us time to do what we need to do, pick up some extra business, and have a bit of time left over for some R&R," Jade said. "Now then, I have some personal business to take care of after I deliver the cargo, but the rest of you have jobs to work on.

"Andrew, you check around the local merchants, big name chains, kiosks, message boards, and anywhere else you can think of and see if anyone needs cargo hauled. Doc, you and Rick are on supplies. Make a list of everything we need and make sure we get enough for a long trip. I don't know where we're headed next, so I don't know how long we'll be out. Ariana and Alexis, I want you two to troll the spaceports and nearby gathering spots. Find out if anyone is finishing a vacation and needs to leave. Rick, Jack, if you finish early, you can help the girls look for customers.

"I know you all want to relax while you're here. I don't have a problem with that. Just make sure you devote at least two days to your assignments. Any questions? None? Okay, go have fun. I'll meet you all back here in four days." And with that, Jade smiled and headed out the door.

Ari and Alex spent the next couple of hours trying to find customers but had little luck. Of course, being a couple of teenaged girls, their attention went quickly from their hard luck to the potential entertainment of their current location.

"Hey, Ari," Alex began, "you want to quit for the day? I'm ready to experience this place."

"Definitely," Ari answered. "Besides, Captain said we could have fun, and we can always try again tomorrow. Hey! I heard this planet has some incredible nature trails and crystal-clear, spring-fed pools up in the hills. You game?"

"You bet," Alex grinned.

Thirty minutes later, they were hiking through the most spectacular-looking woods that either of them had ever seen. They recognized a few trees like oaks, maples, and birches that had been transplanted from Earth, but there were many more that they didn't recognize. One type had branches made of what looked like gold dotted with lavender colored leaves, and another was silver with blue leaves. There were redwoods and yellow woods and leaves of every color imaginable.

After they had been hiking for nearly an hour, the girls heard the unmistakable sound of flowing water. They followed the sound until they came to a grotto. A small waterfall was filling a pool with water so clear that they could see the rocks at the bottom. This was surrounded by a ring of flat stones each big enough for four or five people to lay out on. The entire grotto was enclosed by trees, making it the perfect place for a secluded swim. Of course, every teen knows what that means- skinny dipping!

Alex made a beeline for the pool, shedding pack and clothes along the way. As she neared the pool, she called back to Ari, "Last one in gets kitchen duty for a week!"

Ari accepted the challenge with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. She tore off her clothes on the way and caught up to Alex at the edge. Alex was having a little trouble with the catch on her bra, and Ari, who was already nude since she didn't bother herself with such mundane things as underwear, stopped to help her.

When both were as naked as the day they were born, they turned and dove at the same time into the crystal waters. When they surfaced, they were laughing.

"So much for getting out of kitchen duty this week," Alex laughed. "I ought to know better than to challenge you when I'm wearing more clothes!"

"Oh, well. Maybe next time," Ari giggled back. They splashed back and forth for a minute, then Ari went underwater. When she came back up, she was close enough to grab Alex and pull her closer. Alex went without protest and used both hands to cup Ari's ass. Their hands were all over each other. As Ari fondled Alex's breasts, Alex started fingering Ari's pussy from behind.

"Now this looks like quite the little party."

Startled, the girls looked around, then up. There stood a being the likes of which the girls had never before seen. He was humanoid (they assumed it was masculine based on the voice), and had chiseled features, six-pack abs, light blue skin, and dark green hair. Even though he stood in his altogether, the twins could only guess at his gender because he had no genitalia that they could see.

He smiled. "I can see the questions forming in your minds, so let me give you a small lesson in exobiology. People of my race can take any form they like. You would call us shape-shifters. We have also evolved past the need for modesty. No one on my homeworld wears clothing. However, to make off-worlders more comfortable, we don't form our reproductive organs unless they're needed, and we can form any set we prefer.

"For instance, if you wanted this little get together to remain a pussy party, I could simply change my appearance like so." At that, his hair lengthened until it reached his shapely ass, his waist drew in a bit as his breasts enlarged, and his features softened to mimic perfect femininity. She was gorgeous. Stacked with breasts that were an easy D-cup, with alluring curves and a now visible pussy showing, she went on to speak in a voice like a bird's song.

"I could stay like this, but you two look like you would rather have my usual form." And with that, the siren morphed back into the Adonis.

Ari and Alex glanced at each other with a matching twinkle in their eyes. Sex with this being could be fun and interesting. The twins gave a slight nod and swam to the edge of the pool where their mystery man stood. They lifted themselves out of the water and went to either side of him, rubbing their glistening bodies against him. As Alex started using her mouth and tongue on his neck and ear, Ari stood on tiptoe to whisper to him, "Just be gentle, Blue. We've never been penetrated."

He looked at them both in surprise, but the information did not stop his intentions. He ran his hands down both twins' backs, and it seemed to them that there were more hands than there should have been. Indeed, each girl had one hand reaching around to massage a breast, another cupping her ass to spread her cheeks, and a third testing her wetness by fingering her cunt.

Feeling how wet they both were already, Blue decided to step things up just a little. He laid out a blanket that had been tucked beside the rocks and gently set Alex down on it. He then guided Ari down to lay on top of her sister, front to front. As soon as they were together, the girls started making out. They thrust their tongues into each other's mouths and massaged each other's breasts, pinching the nipples into hardness.

As the girls writhed against each other, Blue went down to firmly grasp each by the inner thighs (using two pairs of arms) and, splitting his tongue, set to work on both girls at the same time. He let his tongue grow enough that he could reach all their parts without difficulty. He would attack their clits, then use his tongues to penetrate their pussy lips like a pair of miniature dicks. He would change up ever couple of minutes and start lashing at the clit of one while sucking the juices of the other. When both girls were squirming and moaning so much that he knew they were close, Blue focused on both twins' clits, licking hard and furiously and not letting up. Within a minute, Ari and Alex were crying out as their orgasms hit, and their juices mixed as they flooded Blue's mouth and tongues in the first orgasm either girl had ever had that was not given by one of them.

The girls turned to Blue and proceeded to kiss and lick their pussy juices from his face and mouth. They looked down and noticed that a decently sized cock had formed, and they went to work. On either side of Blue, they turned so they were facing down his body. Together they grasped his balls and licked up opposite sides of his shaft. When they reached the top, they allowed their mouths to meet and kissed around his knob while their tongues caressed him.

While the twins gave all their attention to Blue's dick and ball sack, Blue decided they deserved a little extra attention, too. He reached one hand between each set of legs and inserted a finger into each pussy while another finger lengthened enough to stimulate their clits. He finger-fucked and stroked them into oblivion, and the faster he went, the wilder the girls got in their ministrations.

They were trading off every few minutes. First one twin would take him into her mouth while the other sucked his balls, then they would trade places. They had a nice little routine going. The one concentrating on Blue's ball sack would apply constant pressure, neither lightening up nor getting more intense. The one concentrating on his dick would start her turn slowly, taking only the head of his shaft into her mouth while using her hand to stroke him. Every couple of down strokes, she would take in a little more, and on every upstroke, she would use her tongue on the sensitive area at the base of the head. A few strokes later and the lucky twin would have him completely in her mouth with the tip of his cock poking at the back of her throat.

As the girls got more into what they were doing, they were going from head to full-shaft more quickly and applying more suction along the way. As the twins got faster, do did Blue until they couldn't tell the difference between his thrusting in and pulling out. It seemed like no time at all had passed before the girls were crying out again. As they came, they increased their own speed and intensity until Blue called out his own warning.

"Shit! Ah, fuck! I'm coming now!" He got up on his knees and took over the stroking while ropes of cum as pale blue as the sky back home spurted over both girls.

When Blue had finished, and the semen had finally stopped spurting, they all decided to take a break and slipped back into the water to wash up and relax. They swam and splashed and floated lazily around the pool. They dove beneath the water, and each came back up with a gem from the bottom to have as a keepsake. As the girls retreated to stow their gems in their packs, Blue found himself turned on once more by the sight of their young and slender bodies glistening with water in the sunlight.

Blue pulled himself from the water, and as the twins returned, they could see that his hard-on had once again manifested and was quite a bit larger than before. He reached out for them saying, "I'm going to do something very special for you two." He kissed one, then the other, then returned the girls to their earlier position with the exception that Ari was now on her back, and Alex was on top of her.

The girls once again got started without any instruction. They kissed, thrusting their tongues down each other's throats, they fondled breasts and teased nipples, and they ground their pussies together, rubbing their clits in the process. Blue watched for a minute, knowing the activity would get their juices flowing with the added benefit of keeping him hard.

He bent forward to taste and to test both girls at the same time to see if they were ready. They were both so wet that it was like lapping at a pool. He once again grabbed hold of and steadied two sets of hips. He retracted his cock for the seconds it took to position himself. Then he started to regrow, not one, but two penises, one a couple of inches north of the other. He filled both girls at once, not by thrusting like an animal, but by extending himself until he reached their virgin barriers. He leaned forward just a little and told them both, "This is going to hurt for a second, but then it will never hurt again. Are you ready?"

They looked at him with just the slightest hint of uncertainty, but both nodded. They both knew that they wanted this. They had been eagerly waiting for it to happen, and now they would share the ultimate experience of being deflowered at the same time.

Blue pulled back just a little, giving himself room to gain the length he would need. Then, holding both girls still to brace them, he thrust himself forward, taking both virginities with him. He held still for a moment, letting himself expand just a little to let Ari and Alex get used to the sensation of having their pussies so full, then he pulled himself back, almost to the point of pulling out, but not quite.

He grasped both girls firmly and thrust himself back in as far as he could go. As Blue got his rhythm going, the twins started moving with him. Fucking two girls at once was doubly stimulating him while matching his thrusts allowed the girls the extra stimulation of having their clits rub against each other. With all of the new and extra sensations, the girls started urging Blue to go faster, harder, and deeper. He pulled out all the stops and fucked them with wild abandon. When he sensed they were getting close, he adjusted the angle of his dicks to perfectly hit their g-spots.

Only a few thrusts later, the twins were coming once again, harder than they ever had before. Blue rode them out, never slowing down, even after they had finished. Their orgasms seemed endless, and their tight teen pussies clenched around his twin cocks so powerfully that he lasted only a minute longer than they did. "Fuck! Yes! You hot little cunts, take it all!" he yelled out as he thrust over and over, filling both with more spunk than even he thought possible.

When he pulled out, the twins set upon him and licked and sucked both of his dicks clean of all fluids. When there wasn't a drop left on him, they got busy on each other. They went into their favorite position and ate each other clean of mixed cum.

They all kept each other busy and didn't leave the pool for the rest of the day. When Ari finally thought to ask their stranger his name, he just grinned at them and answered, "You can call me Blue."