 Chapter 01 - The Beginning

A blond beauty stood in Alex's doorway. She wore nothing but large silver hoop earrings and a smile. Her wavy hair cascaded down her shoulders and obscured her heaving breasts only slightly. Her stomach was as firm and flat as an olympian's. Her tan legs seemed endless and her hairless pussy looked as though it had never been touched. Her eyes burned with desire as she walked towards his bed. She climbed onto the foot of the bed and crawled toward him seductively. He could feel himself becoming aroused as she ran her fingers up his legs. The heat from her body was intoxicating as she uncovered him and lowered her head in between his legs. Her tongue was warm and sensual as she began gently licking him. He was about ready to burst as he looked down and was shocked to see that she wasn't licking his cock. When he looked down at his own body he saw a buxom female figure, and the blond was eat--

"Alex!"

He sat up with a jerk. What the hell kind of daydream was that? He wondered. The rest of the class was staring at him. Few tried to stifle their snickering. Ms. Burnett wasn't amused.

"Glad you could join us. I was just telling the class the downsides of the process of active selection. You'd be fascinated by it, I'm sure."

I'll just stay fascinated with your ass, Ma'am. He thought to himself. Ms. Burnett was pretty hot, especially for a teacher in her 30's. He looked around the class. The laughter had mostly dissipated. Alex's lack of attention and habit of falling asleep in class was no great surprise to anyone. He did well in school but lacked the attention span to really excel. What does it matter anyway? He thought. Alex already had a great job designing websites for businesses and other clients from home. He wasn't making great money now, but once he graduated and got a job at an actual design firm, he'd be set.

The class dragged on for another 15 minutes before the bell finally rang. As usual Alex was the first one out the door, but he wasn't so fast that he didn't notice Ms. Burnett's disapproving look. She had once given him the standard lecture about "meeting his potential" that all of the teachers seemed to be giving these days. He didn't care, though. He brushed her off just like he brushed off his parents or anyone else who told him he could accomplish so much more. His parents wanted him to get some friends that existed outside of online gaming and get a job where he had to leave the house.

Alex checked his watch as he rushed down the hallway. I have 30 minutes before mom and dad expect me home, that should be just enough time to pick up the new expansion pa—"OOF!" He hadn't been looking where he was going and bumped into someone.

"Hey!"

Alex looked up and realized he had knocked Gwen Valentine's books out of her hands and on to the floor. Of course it had to be the absolute hottest girl in school.

"Watch where you're going jack-ass!"

"I'm really sorry, Gwen, let me help y-"

"No, just get lost, you loser."

Alex had nothing to say to that. He was so dumbfounded he forgot all about the video game store, got on the bus, and went home. He didn't realize he hadn't gotten the new expansion pack for Deepest Dungeon 2 until he tossed his backpack onto his bed.

"Can this day get any worse?" He cringed with paranoia, thinking a meteor would suddenly crash through his roof. He plopped down in his chair and flipped on the computer. He was working on a site for his buddy Lenny's dad who owned a small sandwich shop and was finally coming into the technological age. He leaned over and locked his door as the computer warmed up.

His dad didn't like that he always kept his room locked. Alex had him convinced it was so he could work without being bugged, but that was only partially true. Alex also enjoyed watching porn while he worked. It helped him focus. Sometimes he would get distracted by it, but mostly it eased his nerves and allowed him to work uninterrupted for hours.

Once the computer was warmed up Alex opened up the site he was designing and found a new Cherry Hill video. Cherry was Alex's favorite pornstar and she always put out the best girl-on-girl action. Super hardcore, but the scenes were always really well set-up and the girls were always smoking hot. He let it play as he got to work.

Occasionally he would stop and watch as two, sometimes three, girls undressed each other. In one scene a Latina gardener ate out the French Maid in the toolshed. In another two cheerleaders fingered each other in the shower. Some of them ravished each other and others made what seemed like the sweetest love to each other. One scene in particular caught his eye. A blond MILF in a black negligee and sheer robe walked into the bedroom of an 18 year-old hottie who was trying to masturbate quietly. The older woman walked slowly towards the bed and... Holy shit!

Alex sat upright as he remembered his daydream from earlier. How could he have forgotten? That was awesome! Alex was almost exclusively into lesbian porn, and had fantasized many times about being a woman and having sensual affairs with all kinds of girls. But he had never had an actual dream like that, and he thought it was the coolest thing.

As he watched the older woman seduce the young girl and begin kissing her gently, he thought about what it must be like to let a woman lick your pussy. His boner got bigger and harder as he-

"Alex!"

Shit! Interrupted again? What the hell is going on today? It was Mom calling from downstairs. She sure could yell.

"What?"

"We're leaving, make sure you come grab some dinner before you forget you need to eat!"

6:00 already? Time flies when you fantasize. Alex headed downstairs. Mom was pouring spaghetti sauce into a serving dish, Dad was talking to someone on his Bluetooth and Alex's sister Melanie was texting someone as she sat in front of the TV. Alex grabbed a couch pillow and tossed it at her head. His aim was true.

"Hey!" She sounded like he had committed murder, but she didn't even bother to look up from her phone. Alex started poking around in the fridge for something to eat.

Eventually Dad wrapped up his phone conversation.

"Well, that was Carl, he's on his way to pick us up to go to the airport."

Mom and Dad were going out of town for three weeks. Dad had a conference, and they decided to have that coincide with their yearly trip together. That's why Melanie was home. She usually worked during the summer and other than that she only came home from school on the occasional weekend. Alex's parents just didn't feel good about leaving him at home all alone. He had already turned 18 for pete's sake. Whatever. As long as Melanie didn't try to pull the "you do all the housework and I'll lounge out by the pool" routine, he would be just fine. It might give him some freedom to get a lot of work done, too.

"Ok, you too," Mom said, "there's cash for food in the drawer, and if you run into any trouble, just let us know and we can put some money in your bank accounts." Melanie finally looked up when Mom mentioned cash. "Also, Mrs. Daniels will come by to check up on you, and you call her if you need anything." Mrs. Daniels was the neighbor down the street. "And make sure you're civil to each other, bye kids, have a fun time!" And like that they were gone. Melanie made a bee-line for the drawer with the cash in it.

"Hold on, Mel!" I lunged for the drawer and we grabbed the envelope at the same time. She scowled and tried to stare me down.

"Look, Alex, I need this money right now, and I'm the oldest!"

"I don't want all of it, Mel. There's more than enough for food money in here, I just want my half so that I actually get to eat, and then you can do whatever you want with yours."

Her eyes looked like they might shoot fire at me, but she backed down and let me take my share of the cash. We each ended up with $200. How much does Mom think we eat?

"I'm having some friends over tonight, too, Alex, so just stay the fuck in your room and let us grown-ups have some fun."

Grown-ups. Right. Because grown-ups get wasted on their parents dime all the time. Alex didn't even respond. He just turned and headed back to his room. Like he wanted to hang out with Mel's moronic friends. Bunch of bitches and douchebags. He got back to work on the website.

Within the hour cars started pulling into the driveway and Alex could soon hear splashing in the pool. He looked outside. Melanie didn't waste any time. There were already twenty people out there. Her friends may have been bitches, but Alex couldn't deny that there was some hot bikini-clad tail in his pool tonight. Especially that red-head...HEY! What was Gwen Valentine doing here? It shouldn't have surprised Alex. They were both girls who liked to party and they were both hot enough for the guys to want them at any party, Alex just didn't think that they'd party together. Melaine was 22 and Gwen was barely 18. But when it comes to a hot body, who's counting, right? Gwen was wearing jean shorts (if they could be called that) and a blue bikini top. She had some fantastic tits. They weren't huge, but definitely a solid B-cup that didn't need any support. Her straight red hair barely hit her shoulders. What a fox. Too bad she was super bitchy. He closed his window and ignored them as he got back to work.

Around 10PM he heard excited yelling outside. The party had mostly moved to the hot tub. A bunch of muscle-bound guys and bikini clad girls were drinking beers and dancing to music that the neighbors would start complaining about soon. But he saw that the cheering came from a table by the hot tub that was obscured by a number of people. As the cheering repeated again, a few people backed away and Alex could see what all the commotion was. Gwen was lying on the table and some guy was doing a body shot off of her. Awesome, the neighbors won't tell Mom and Dad about THIS one, Mel. The guy got done licking Mel's stomach and she sat up. Alex had to hand it to Mel, she sure took care of herself. Her light brown hair was pulled back into a short pony tail, and she was wearing a pink thong bikini. She had a firm body that Alex would've found impressive if she weren't his sister, and her boobs were just big enough to give everyone else something to look at.

From her sitting position Mel looked around and motioned for one of her girlfriends to come towards her. Alex didn't know this particular friend, but she sure had a pair of cans and an ass to be reckoned with. This was an hour-glass blond at her finest. Mel laid back as a guy poured tequila into her belly button. The blond got a pinch of salt, and rather than rubbing it on Mel's stomach like the guy before her, she sprinkled it on the inside of Mel's thigh. Mel grinned and stuck a lime wedge in her mouth. The blond started with the salt, but she was in no hurry. She climbed up on the table and seductively spread Mel's legs. She placed her tongue gently all the way up on her knee and slowly licked to where she had placed the salt. The crowd was already cheering and whooping and hollering, but got even louder as the blond licked all the way to the edge of Mel's pink thong. One more centimeter and her mouth would've been right Mel's pussy. She then slurped up all of the tequila and climbed into a position straddling Mel. She leaned forward and took a bite of the lime while it was still in Mel's mouth. All of a sudden, with their lips still treacherously close, the blond grabbed the lime and tossed it away, allowing tongues and lips to meet at last. There was a brief makeout while the crowd cheered. Normally Alex would've been all about this, but it was his sister, so it was pretty weird. As Alex turned away though, he saw something intriguing. Standing behind most of the crowd where no one else would notice, Gwen was standing alone. She was entranced by the bi-curious activities on the table and was biting her lower lip just slightly. Her fingers were also lightly tracing her left breast as she watched hungrily. She was totally turned on by this. Now Alex couldn't look away. He felt himself begin to be aroused as he thought about this girl being turned on by his sister. But as the lesbo action stopped, Gwen composed herself and went back to the party. Too bad, thought Alex as he went back to what he was doing.

An hour later, Alex felt like a snack. The party had quieted down, but was still going on outside. He figured he could sneak down into the kitchen and grab something without being noticed. Most everyone was still outside, although a few people had turned on a movie. But the kitchen light was off and they were so focused on the explosions that they didn't even notice Alex grab a half a sandwich out of the fridge and head back towards his room.

As he was about to close his bedroom door behind him, he heard something down the hall. He set his sandwich down and walked towards the sound. There was a faint light coming from his parents' room. The door was open, so he peeked inside and saw that the light in the master bathroom was on. He thought he heard voices, but no one should be in Mom and Dad's room. He crept into the room and from the darkened room could easily see into the lit bathroom without being seen. Fuck me. He thought.

The blond who had taken the lesbian body shot off of Mel was naked in his parents' shower. She leaned forward to turn on the water and turned her back to the spray to let it cascade down her body. She massaged her tits and ran her hands over her firm stomach. She continued to rub her body for what seemed hours, but was but a few glorious seconds.

"Do you like what you see, sexy?" she asked as she opened her eyes and looked towards the door. Shit! But she wasn't talking to Alex. The door was only partially open and from the other side where Alex couldn't see, a figure stepped towards the blond. 

"Hell yes I do, baby." It was another one of Mel's friends. One of her girl friends. This one Alex knew. This was Stacy Wu. Mel and Stacy had gone to high school together and she had been to the house several times. She was Korean and had straight black hair that went down to her ass. And what an ass it was. She was slender, but still quite athletic and what she lacked in mass in her ass, she made up for in her tits. Such a skinny girl supporting a C cup was a glorious sight to behold. The only thing more glorious would be if.... And there it is. Stacy joined the blond in the shower.

At first they looked at each other gently, longingly, and that look turned into a gentle kiss. They've done this before. The kiss quickly turned into a passionate makeout where their tongues fought each other violently and they rubbed their hands all over each other's bodies. Stacy massaged the blond girls tits and squeezed them hard. The blond got a wicked grin on her face as Stacy spoke.

"You know, Bev, you made me really jealous licking up down Mel's leg like that."

"Jealous, or horny?"

Stacy grinned back. "Definitely jealous," she paused, "but really fucking horny."

"I was so close to her cunt I could taste her. She was getting so turned on. She really liked it, and she tasted so hot. Would you like to see that, Stacy, baby? Would you like to see me eat Mel's sweet pussy?" Bev's hand reached down and cupped Stacy's pussy, making Stacy gasp and then moan in ecstasy. Bev kissed her violently as she began to massage and spread her lips. She broke the kiss suddenly.

"I asked you a question, bitch. Do you want to see me eat Mel's pussy? Do you want to see me stick my tongue and my fingers up inside her hot cunt while she fondles her own tits?" Bev's massaging had become much more vigorous.

"Oh, fuck yes, Bev." Stacy stopped Bev's hand. "But only if I get to fuck you while you do it."

"That's what I like to hear."

Stacy gasped almost painfully as Bev suddenly stuck two fingers deep inside of her. Stacy's tits jiggled as Bev knelt down and pumped her fingers in and out of her.

"Oh yeah, baby, that's it, finger me, finger my pussy. Make me cum, make me c---" Stacy looked like she couldn't breathe. She was cumming so hard that she couldn't even move or make a sound. Bev kept pumping her fingers in and out of her until Stacy's body relaxed suddenly. She opened her eyes slowly as Bev stood and licked her fingers, never breaking eye contact with the hot Asian, who grabbed her hand out of her mouth and sucked her own juices off of the blond's fingers.

"Yeah, you like that girl cum, don't you, baby... Maybe you should have some of this, too!" Bev forced Stacy down onto her knees and the Asian went right to work. No romance or anything, just dove straight into what looked like one hot pus---

"What the fuck are you doing, perv?!" You've got to be shitting me. The girls both jumped at the exclamation, and turned to see Alex in the doorway, who had turned to see the source of the voice. It was one of the douchebags. Alex didn't know what to say, but all of a sudden the girls had wrapped themselves in towels and were coming out of the bathroom screaming at Alex. He couldn't go to his room, they would never leave him alone. So he ran down the stairs. All of the attention had already been turned towards him as everyone had heard the shouting and had started making their way towards the stairs. Gwen was already laughing the whole time. Mel was standing at the bottom. Alex thought he might have heard her say "what did you do?" but he was running so quickly he couldn't tell for sure. He just ran. He ran as far away from his house as he possibly could. He ran for nearly 10 minutes straight before he realized he wasn't sure where he was. Had to be somewhere near the old park. There was a large oak tree by the side of the mostly deserted road, and he was so exhausted, angry, frightened and upset that he just plopped down and leaned against the tree. He just needed to rest, just to catch...catch his breath....for a... a minute....

Suddenly everything around Alex was lit. He stared up and take his eyes off of...of...what was that? A spotlight was shining down on him. Alex hadn't felt anything but anger since he left the house, but suddenly he felt something new: fear. His fear should have sent him running back home, and he tried, but he couldn't move. He couldn't feel anything at all. The light grew brighter and brighter until suddenly it was dark again. But not dark like before, now there were no stars. No moon. Just dark.

How long have I been asleep? He stood up and began walking. After two steps he tripped.

"Gluk haardien sheln!" What the hell was that? There was a dim blue light, and Alex saw a pair of big purple eyes glaring back at him.

"Gluk haardien sheln!" Said the voice again. He fell backwards with shock and out of the corner of his eye noticed where the blue glow came from. Whatever he was one had just turned slightly. The blue glow was the light of the Earth shining in his window...

End Chapter 1 