 chapter 2- Hope you like it. Please vote. If you find an error don't hesitate to point it out, the only way I'll learn is if I know what I did wrong. I'm introducing some new characters. Let me know if they need stories of their own.

mac

000

Keslur landed his mount not too far from the Rusty Bucket. He watched quietly from the shadows of a tree as Bets, the barmaid, walked out. She sighed and headed toward a small path in the woods, slinging her bag over her shoulder. 

"You be careful now!" Nan called from the door. "If you see a walker you come running back this way. You hear?"

"I heard. I promise." Bet's called back over her shoulder. "See you in a week."

"I'm glad things are starting to slow down." Nan told Egan as he came to stand behind her. 

"Yep. Poor girl needs a break." Egan said. "I'm glad we managed to get her to take some time off."

"I can't wait to throw her a birthday party!" She clapped her hands excitedly. "Carrot cake."

Keslur smiled as he watched them walk back into the inn. This was just too easy. He hopped off his mount and sent it off. He wouldn't need the thing for now. He sped up a bit and caught up to Bets. He walked a few steps behind her and thanked his lucky stars he was a vampire. No one had ever heard him sneak up on them.

He smiled as he watched her generous backside swish in that sexy unconscious way that some women had. He loved how she looked. She was only about five foot two but she was very curvy in all the right places. Keslur had never really liked women that were skinny. Every time he looked at a skinny woman he just wanted to go and offer her a sandwich.

"It's not up for discussion Bets." He heard the girl mimicking someone, perhaps Nan. "Fifty years in this boring, stupid, place. I've got to get out of here!"

Bets stopped suddenly, picked up a rock, and threw it at a tree. Keslur's eyebrows raised up high as he watched the rock actually embed itself in the tree. That was different. 

Keslur heard Bets groan as she caught sight of a walker shambling toward her, the sound having drawn it. He raised his eyes to the thing and started to push at its mind when Bets distracted him.

"You're a bit close to town. Poor baby. Are you lost?" Bets said to the walker. She went and patted it on the head like one would a dog. "Come on. Let's get you back to the woods."

Bets smiled at the walker. She took his hand and led him quite a bit deeper into the woods and pushed him toward a few others that were milling about. He went easily enough. The walkers always liked to be together anyway. Bets might bad mouth them in front of the others in the village because she didn't want anyone to find out that she didn't have any problems with them. But unlike anyone else she knew she'd never killed one in her life. She always tried her best to get them to stick to the woods, away from the most populous parts of the village and its surroundings. 

"I'm off. Stay in the woods." Bets blew them a kiss and headed off to her own home.

Keslur was intrigued by this. He remembered at the inn how she'd spoken to Ni about killing them and here she was making sure they didn't actually get killed. So she secretly didn't mind the undead, probably even liked having them around. She seemed an affinity with them. They hadn't tried to attack her at all.

"What the hell?" Bets asked and then flipped around to look up at Keslur. "Who the hell are you?"

"You couldn't have heard me." Keslur said to her.

"You were pushing pretty hard on the mind buttons." She told him dryly.

You're a telepath? He asked her.

I am. She answered back.

"I heard you say you've been here for fifty years. Are you immortal than?" He asked.

"Gods, I love having this conversation." She sighed. "I haven't aged in thirty years, so yeah, I'm probably immortal."

"I think I'm in love." He said with a big smile.

He watched her fingers curl into her hands as if she were holding something round. Then to his amazement he saw fire ignite in both hands.

"My name is Keslur Iceheart of the Bloodborn Vampire clan." He said and pushed back his hood.

Bets could see him clearly in the light of the full moon and she was a bit surprised. He looked like someone that you might see walking down the street. He was handsome in a somewhat aristocratic way with his high cheek bones and hawk like nose, but not intensely so. He had mop of curly dark brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. He was a bit pale but not white. More like maybe he'd been sick recently and now he was starting to get over it.

"You're a vampire?" She asked her fire extinguishing. "Really?"

His entire eyes bled to red and he flashed some fang at her. She swallowed and wanted to take a step back but refused to let herself. 

"Gods!" She took a deep breath and let it out. She always gave people a chance though. It's just how she was. "Well, my name is Bettissali Sariel. Everyone just calls me Bets though."

"Sariel?"

"My father's name."

"And he was what?" Keslur asked curiously.

"Beats me." She said with a shrug. "My mother got lost in the woods when she was a teenager and was raped by a," she hesitated, "man."

"You hesitated."

"She was out of her head with fever when they found her. She swore it was a demon but nobody believed her."

"Until you stopped aging."

"Yes. By that time she was dead though."

"I'm sorry."

"She was a good person all her life. She's in a better place now."

"Question for you." He smiled, showing a bit of fang.

"Okay." She really had to wonder why in the name of the nine hells she was standing out in the forest having this strange conversation with this Vampire.

"Would you like to visit your friend Ni?"

"You were one of the men at the inn the other night!" She said accusingly. "What have you done with Ni?"

"She's spending the winter at my Enclave with my friend Danroth."

"Why would she do that?"

"He was very convincing." He told her emphasizing the word very.

"Whatever." She rolled her eyes.

"Come now my dear you have a week off. Wouldn't you like to get away from here?" He smiled a crooked smile.

"I suppose." She said hesitantly. 

He laughed with delight and then gave a whistle. His mount, whom had merely been waiting for his call appeared out of the forest. He hopped on and held out his hand.

"On that thing? Are you crazy?" Bets asked horrified.

"Have you ever flown?"

"No."

"You'll love it. It's exhilarating." He reached out and hauled her onto the mount in front of him. "Hold on."

He didn't even wait for her to say she would join him. Of course he had to be right. Flying was one of the most fun things she'd ever done. Scary but fun. Keslur's mount was fast and the scenery seemed to just wiz by. After a few minutes he took off his cloak and wrapped it around her.

"I don't need it." She told him.

"You will." 

Keslur dipped the mount steeply, pulling it up when they were a mere few feet from the ground. He guided it into the portal that Aiden had waiting for him and heard Bets gasp. They'd come out right over the frozen sea, about fifty feet from the shore of the island.

Aiden, who been waiting for Keslur to get back, saw him and closed the portal. He hopped onto his own mount and flew up to meet Keslur.

"It took you long enough!" Aiden shouted over the heavy north wind. 

"Well I got her! Let's get back to the Enclave!" Keslur shouted back as he covered Bets head. She had already started to shiver and he wanted to get her warm.

They flew over the island, making their way to the middle. They dropped down and made their way to the cave that was the entrance to the Enclave. Aiden and Neron had recently done a little magical tinkering with the entrance ensuring that the snow and driving cold wind didn't make their way into the cave system. They were all in the process of bringing home mates and this was just one of the improvements that they'd talked about making to the caves so that their women would be comfortable.

"Are you alright my love?" Keslur asked pulling the hood off Bets head.

"I'm not your love." Bets told him with chattering teeth.

"You could be." He leaned down and whispered in her ear.

"What is it you want me to see so badly?" Ni asked Danroth as he dragged her to the cave entrance.

"Ni!" Bets called, throwing off Keslur's cloak, and jumping down from his mount.

"Oh my god! Bets?" She glared up at Keslur, who'd dismounted and was standing behind Bets. "How could you?"

"I brought her to visit you." Keslur said with a slow growl.

"Don't speak to my beloved in that tone." Danroth told Keslur angrily. 

"Beloved?" Bets asked Ni as the two men stood toe to toe and glared at each other.

"Beloved? Seriously Danroth, I've been here less than a week." Ni said with a shake of her head.

"It doesn't mean he doesn't love you." Keslur said with a frown, defending his comrade.

"Yes. I love you." Danroth told her.

Bets glanced significantly at the cave entrance and then questioningly at Ni. Ni's shoulders drooped a bit and she shook her head no.

Keslur walked up behind Bets and pulled her gently against him. She tried to move out of his embrace but his strong arms weren't budging. This was saying something considering Bets was stronger than anyone she knew.

"You won't get far. We are on an island that's deep into the Frozen Sea. Not to mention the giant sea going raiders that also inhabit this island. They don't like us."

"What in the name of the Nine Hells is going on Ni?" Bets asked with confusion.

"Short version?" Ni asked and Bets nodded. "There are eighteen War Liches here. They're free now because their former master is dead and they're looking to start reclaiming their lives. That includes finding mates."

"Please let go." Bets said to Keslur who did as she asked. She rounded on him. "I don't want to visit anymore. Please take me home."

"No." He said.

"What do you mean no? I want to go home."

"Again, no."

"Now!" She stamped her foot and her dark auburn hair burst into flames.

Danroth grabbed Ni and shoved her behind him.

Nallish walked into the room and stopped when he caught sight of Bets.

"Hey lass, do ya ken yer hairs on fire?" Nallish asked Bets.

Bets screamed and pointed a hand at Nallish sending a ten foot jet of flames at him. He managed to dive out of the way before he got singed but it was close. Keslur grabbed her wrist and felt the flesh on his hand start to burn but ignored it. He pulled Bets close and planted kiss on her reddened lips. The flames that had become part of her extinguished themselves and she collapsed in Keslur's arms.

"Wow." Ni said coming out from behind Danroth. "You made her maaad. I haven't seen her do that in forever."

"You," Bets said opening her eyes and looking at Keslur, "are tasty."

"What?" He asked confused.

"Tasty. Tasty vampire." She said and licked his arm.

"Apparently making the fire is a really heady thing." Ni told Keslur.

"So yer sayin the lass just tried to barbeque me and now she's drunk?" Nallish asked picking himself up off the ground.

"Basically." Ni said.

"Ha. I haven't seen you move that fast in quite some time." Aiden, who'd been watching all of this from a safe distance, said to Nallish.

"You an me both lad." Nallish said dusting himself off.

"Are you tasty too?" Bets stopped licking Keslur's arm and asked Nallish.

"Nay lass, not unless I'm cooked and you missed. You ken?" Nallish said gently.

"Oh." She smiled and started licking Keslur again. 

"How about you and I go and have a lie down?" Keslur said to Bets.

"Oh we'll lie down alright." Bets told him, pressing her breast against him.

"How long will this last?" Keslur asked Ni.

"She should probably pass out anytime." Ni chuckled. "Bets is kind of a cheap drunk."

"Thank you." Keslur told her and then headed to his room, Bets still licking his arm.

"I'm a virgin." Bets said out of the blue.

"Virgin!?" Keslur almost dropped her.

"Shhh, shhh, shhh." Bets put a finger to her lips. "Don't tell anyone."

"How can you still be a virgin?" Keslur asked with amazement.

"Everybody knows I'm a half demon. None of them want to take a chance on me." She told him sadly.

"It's okay. I'll take a chance on you." Keslur said kindly.

"Oh goody." She giggled. "You're going to make me a not virgin."

"Yes I suppose so." He smiled and squeezed her comfortingly. "But I'm not going to deflower you while you're in a drunken stupor. I'd like us both to not only enjoy it but remember it as well."

"Oh." 

She sounded so disappointed that Keslur almost relented. He didn't want to start their relationship out that way though. She was going to be with him for a long time so he wanted to make sure that it was all going to be on the right footing. But there was nothing saying he couldn't have a look at what he brought home. A long and leisurely look. 

He made it to his room and laid her down on the bed of furs that was near the fireplace. She had finally fallen asleep but he was still a bit worried about her. He covered her and stoked the fire so that she would remain warm and then went to find Danroth and Ni.

000

"Tell me about your friend." Keslur said to Ni, sitting in one of the empty chairs by the fireplace in the great hall.

"I've known her since she was born. Her mom swore up and down that Bets father was a demon."

"She could create the fire all her life?" Keslur asked.

"No." Ni shook her head. "That started happening once she stopped ageing. She normally has a pretty good handle on her temper but sometimes-" Ni shrugged.

"Perhaps the father is a Fire Demon?" Danroth speculated.

"If he is, den you got trouble mon." Neron said walking into the room.

"Let me guess." Keslur said. "You saw Nallish."

"No mon, Aiden." Neron said and plopped into an empty chair with a laugh. "I wish I'd been der. I heard she almost barbeque Nallish."

"She didn't mean too." Ni said, defending Bets.

"How old is she?" Neron asked.

"She'll actually be fifty in about a week." Ni smiled and looked at Danroth. "We need to throw her a party."

"Whatever pleases you my love." Danroth said fondly.

"You... I'm not..." She sighed and decided to quit while she was ahead. It wouldn't do her any good to argue with Danroth. He was just so damn crazy.

"Why is her age important?" Keslur asked. "You know a lot about Fire Demons?"

"I know a bit." Neron shrugged. "Demons age differently. Your Bets could be starting puberty for all we know."

"Oh, gods!" Keslur groaned. "You can't be serious!"

"Not to worry mon." Neron told him. "I tink since she half human her mind and body are full grown. But her powers are young yet. It takes demons a long time to learn to use their powers well."

"Oh." Keslur almost sighed with relief.

"What about the father?" Neron asked.

"She said his name was Sariel." Keslur told the troll.

Neron who'd just taken a mouthful of wine started choking.

"What's wrong?" Danroth asked as he pounded on Neron's back.

"Trouble." Neron said when he could talk again. 

000

"I wonder what he meant by trouble?" Ni asked thoughtfully.

"It means just that." Danroth told her. "Trouble."

"Yeah but I wish he would have elaborated." She said with frustration.

"He needed to talk to the girl first." Danroth said evenly. "We must be patient."

"I don't want to be patient. It could be hours before she wakes up! I'll get bored."

"I will distract you." Danroth told her with a smile and pushed her down until she was kneeling in front of him.

"As much as I'd love to suck your cock, I have other things on my mind right now." She stood and looked up into his eyes and raised her eyebrow letting him know that she was serious. "I need to check on Bets."

Danroth shrugged negligently and walked over to lean against the wall. He motioned her toward the door with a wave of his hand. Ni looked at him suspiciously but walked to the door anyway.

"You son of bitch!" Ni yelled at Danroth when she bounced of an invisible barrier.

"I had Aiden set it up." He chuckled. "You don't like my improvement?"

"I hate it! I hate you! I want to go home!"

"You may hate me Ni but I love you." He walked over and took her tiny face in his hands. "I'm your family now. Your home is wherever I choose to be."

Her brows furrowed together. He sounded absolutely convinced of what he was saying and she just couldn't understand why.

"It was love at first sight for me." Danroth said, guessing her thoughts correctly.

"I don't believe in it." She said, shaking her head. "It's a stupid concept. You can't fall in love with someone just by looking at them. What if they're wrong for you?"

"You weren't wrong for me." He stated.

"You're damn well crazy!" She yelled, wrenching out of his hold.

"Perhaps." He shrugged. 

"That's all you have to say?" 

Ni sat down and wrapped her arms around her knees and watching her cry nearly broke his heart.

"It'll be alright." Danroth said, kneeling down in front of her. 

"You can't keep me here against my will!" 

"Don't test me." He said warningly.

Ni reached out and slapped him.

Daroth stood up and fingered his cheek with a sigh. Ni cringed a bit. Even though she'd been in Ranger training for almost a decade she knew she was no match for Danroth. He merely shook his head though. 

"No. I won't hit you Ni." He walked to the door and stepped out, looking back at her. "But I will make you beg."

000

Sariel Deathblaze silently pushed open the door to Bets cabin. He stepped in and looked around at the small Spartan environment. Such a human place. His own dwelling was a palace decked out in the most exotic and sumptuous décor. He walked over to the bed and ran his claws over the neatly made blanket. It was so tight he probably could have bounced a coin off of it.

He knelt at the fireplace and picked up a hand full of ashes. He rubbed them between his fingers. Cold. The fireplace hadn't been lit for a day or so. He knew that the girl wasn't at the inn so where the hell was she. Her scent was all over the cabin and outside but was beginning to fade.

"Gaaahh!" Sariel turned and looked at the walker who was standing in the doorway.

"Where is she friend?" he asked the walker, his smooth accent and quiet tone was soothing. "Where is my child?"

The walker was still in fairly good condition and his brain was still working fairly well. He wasn't happy about Bets being gone from the forest. None of the walkers were. Bets took care of them. Kept them out of trouble. The walker started speaking the guttural language of the dead, telling Sariel all that he had seen from the edge of the path.

"A vampire?" Sariel asked and reached up to rub one of his horns thoughtfully. "Why would she go with a vampire? Was she unwilling?"

The walker shook his head no.

Sariel walked out of the cabin, pushing past the walker. He took a deep breath, trying to get a scent of this vampire.

"Gah." The walker said getting his attention again and then started speaking slowly to make sure he got the things he wanted to say right.

"Keslur Iceheart." Sariel said trying out the name. "I have heard of this one. He is a War Lich."

"Gah rah ha." The walker said.

"Yes." Sariel said thoughtfully. "Vampires are formidable. War Lich's even more so. Do you know where they went?"

The walker answered his question.

"Enclave?" Sariel asked curiously.

"Gah." 

"I must think." Sariel said. 

He made a circular movement with his hands and a fire ringed portal opened into the great hall of his home. He stepped through and the walker watched with fascination as the portal closed behind the demon.

000

Bets groaned and covered her head with a fur. Her head was pounding. The headaches had gotten better over the years. She remembered the first time that she'd made the flame jet. Her head had hurt so badly she'd actually started begging Ni to kill her. Now it was more of an ache.
