 For four more days they traveled up the northern road in near silence. The gloomy weather and monotonous scenery didn't help to lighten the mood. Though there were some evergreens in the groves of maple and beech around their farm, they were now surrounded with them on the trail. Since they left the main road, this road had dwindled to a weedy track marked only by two ruts to differentiate it in places from any other patch of bare ground. Evelyn had spent much of this time lost in her own thoughts. She wasn't exactly angry at Garret after she understood what had happened. Afraid might have been a better word. Amandra had been tested and she had been found wanting. Now her world would never be the same, and if Garrett was right, she thought, then perhaps that was for the best. If her gifts had grown unchecked without guidance than perhaps she would have done damage to everyone in her life, or worse, one of the witch hunters or paladin might have had to someday put Amandra down. 

Evelyn swallowed hard at the thought. 

Just like The Blue Ladies, those warriors featured prominently in many of the fairy tales, and were implacable in their efforts to hunt down and punish evildoers. Witches who had learned to hate just as much as work magic were the terror of children everywhere. Evelyn shuddered involuntarily. Just thinking about Kvendric and her thousand children or the revenge of Rachellete would probably give her nightmares, even years after she had first heard the tales.

The worst part is that it could have been her in any of these scenarios. She could have been knocked up by one of the village boys at any point in the last couple years, and lost the gift a gift she didn't even know she had, she could have fucked Colton without anyone knowing only for Garrett to take advantage of that fact and plant a baby in her belly when his wagon arrived, or worse yet, she could have avoided all of these lesser fates only from shadow to creep in from the woods in the dark of night and steal her very soul. The idea was terrifying. She had been walking a tightrope her whole life and no one had bothered to tell her. 

No one had even known to tell her. That was the thought that had echoed through her mind in these long days of silence. Magic was only a myth in the lives of everyday people, even if it might actually be a fact out in the wider world. The town's priest had intoned dry old stories about morality and damnation in Briar's drafty wooden chapel every week. Even though she and the other girls of the village had attended those services, they had all rolled her eyes and mouthed the right words right along with her. No one believed those stories more than any other stories told around the hearth. Their belief certainly wasn't strengthened any by their priest's behavior. Evelyn smirked. Rumor was that the child widow Damet conceived 2 years after her husband's death was his, and with the way he eyes had roamed 

Evelyn's body as she was growing up, she could believe it. Still, she reflected, if only she had known how important it was she would have been more faithful and reverent. 

Going forward she vowed to do a better job of it. 

Garrett by contrast was as relaxed as ever. He rarely spoke unless he was spoken to anyway, so he was content to keep his own company for the better part of the ride. There were flurries on the second day, but all he did to combat the changing weather was wrap a muffler around his dour face. The only time you could tell he was alive was he flicked the reigns to steer the horses around erosion or rocks. The rest of the time, even around corners, the horses steered themselves. By the third day though, the snow was falling in earnest, and you could no longer see the trail in places under the snow, forcing him to become more involved. At around noon, the sun should have been high in the sky, but it was lost to the gloom. The drifts seemed to be getting ever higher, Evelyn finally broached the subject.

"Do you think we're going to get stuck out here," she asked, more worried about the delay then any danger from exposure or temperature.

"This will all behind us soon enough, Garrett said, not taking his eyes from the road. "This should be the worst of it."

Evelyn was skeptical, but true to his words the snow stopped falling soon enough, and when they stopped for the night, miles up the road, there was almost no snow left on the ground. 

"How did you know," Evelyn queried when they turned in for the night.

"Magic," Garrett responded, in a wholly inadequate way that was probably calculated to irritate her.

"That's not an answer Garrett Lee," she said, peevish enough to use his full name. "How did you really know?"

In as final a response as any, Garrett rolled over in bed, and was soon breathing softly. 

Evelyn lay there in the dark listening to her companion's soft breathing. Had he always been so simple and straightforward about the facts of his life, or had the geas turned him into this man? She supposed that the compulsion to do anything for a decade would make one single minded. Evelyn had always hated to spin yarn and thread, but if she had been cursed to focus her life on that task, then she supposed that she would have time for little else. The only time his personality showed through, she reasoned, was when he was making a sale to a perspective sister or closing the deal on a woman that had failed his test, but that veneer of charm was thin and brittle, cracking easily after days of exposure. Less than a week ago this strange gypsy that had inflamed her lust, but now he affected only pity. She wanted to start her new life as soon as possible, but as she drifted off to sleep, Evelyn admitted to herself that she also wanted to be rid of this one as soon as she got the chance. 

The last day of their trip, it was as if spring had come early. Flowers blossomed, and the temperatures soared for reasons she couldn't comprehend. It made no sense; winter had come early and it was only going to get darker and colder for the next few months, but this place stood in defiance to winter and logic. She had asked Garrett again, more than once about this strange turn of events. At first, his only answer had been to smile and shrug. Later in the day he had removed his jacket and scarf, stripping down to his stained linen shirt that had once been white. He did keep his wide brimmed hat, though if the weather got any stranger he would need that to protect him from the sun rather than the cold wind. Finally, her irritation climbing as she began to sweat in her wool robe. Last week the warmth of the garment had made it her prized possession, but now it was the worst possible choice. 

The scratchy cloth clung to her all over. She had already re-cinched and hiked it several times, loosening it a little more, and cover a little less each time, taking her from immodesty to the point of wantonness. Garrett had glanced at her a couple times in askance, but said nothing. She could probably strip down to her panties, and he would do nothing to stop her. He could look, but the curse he labored under would never allow him to touch her. Wouldn't that be a site she thought, for a merchant to come around the corner and see a gypsy caravan with a wild woman of the road wearing only her panties. 

Evelyn giggled, drawing more disapproval from her chaperone. Let him wonder, she though flippantly.

"You might want to get yourself a little more put together than that," Garret spoke up, not bothering to lift his eyes up from the road.

"Oh yeah, afraid someone will see me?" Evelyn sounded confident as she turned to face Garrett, but that was only to conceal her surprise. He hadn't said that many words in days. Not even when she was trying to start a conversation.

"No, but you might," He said, pointing to the horizon, and just east of their current path "If you had the sense that the gods gave a horse." Evelyn followed his finger down the path, up the foliage, and across the tree line until she saw what he was pointing out. Initially she thought that it might be a distant mountain peak, but a bit more study soon resolved it into a building.

"Is that where we're going," Evelyn asked excitedly, looking from Garrett to the tower and back again. 

"Aye," Garrett nodded slowly, "and they are a lot stricter than me about how to handle things, so I would practice being the prim and proper young lady I first met, and not the little wanton she has become." At first Evelyn was scandalized by his sharp words, but when she looked over she could see that he was smiling in jest. He was good at that particular trick. 

Nonetheless she put her robe back on properly, and rec-cinched it at the waist properly in a manner more befitting of one of the sisters, but she never took her eyes off the grey peak of her destination. 

Occasionally it would disappear behind a tree that stood out higher than the rest, but each time it would return ever so slightly larger than before. Before long she could see its base, or perhaps that of some other building a couple miles down the road. Concerns about the heat were long gone as her imagination began to run away with itself. She imagined banners still too small to see waving from the battlements, a complex of buildings for the self-sufficient sisterhood to call home larger even than Holstein manor south of town, and all surrounding a beautiful church to pray in. The church in her mind was not a small temple like the one in Briar. It was one of the huge cathedrals that Brother Ricardo sometimes sketched, with tall pillars, soaring buttresses, and dazzling stained glass. Deep down Evelyn knew that there was probably no place in the world as lovely as the one she imagined in her mind, but that wasn't important. For those last few miles she allowed herself to get lost in her day dreams about how much more she would have to eat, and of all the wonderful friends she would make.

When the wagon finally pulled to a stop in front of the open gates, Evelyn was more than a little disappointed. This was not at all what she imagined. Beyond the gate and gate house were a small cluster of buildings surrounding a barrel tower that rose five stories into the air, tapering only at the very top. Some of those small buildings had fallen over, and others looked like they were long abandoned and about to share the same fate. The tower looked solid at least. It was a plain and ancient building, and it looked like it would make a more appropriate home for a band of warriors, than an order of priestesses. 

More than anything though, it looked abandoned. There were no banners, and no stained glass to be seen. Not even people made themselves immediately apparent.

After overcoming her initial disappointment, Evelyn turned to Garret. "Why aren't you coming in," she said, waving her hand at the open gate. 

"Because Malchedemus likes things done a certain way," Garrett said, hopping down from the wagon to a large knocker on one of the gate posts. Garrett griped the ancient looking brass ring that was large around than her head, and beat it three times against the stone.

"Wouldn't a bell make more sense," Evelyn asked helpfully.

"None of that now, girl," Garrett said, waving her forward over his shoulder, "Now you just get down here and do what you're told."

Evelyn considered several retorts as she climbed down from the wagon, but decided against all of them. She stood silently by Garrett's elbow for several minutes. Eventually though, the waiting chaffed at her. 

"Who's Malchedemus," she asked quietly. 

Garrett didn't answer, but a door opened in the gate house and the slow and purposeful stride of booted feet and plated mail descended slowly toward them. Evelyn had no idea what to expect in a guardsman of this place. Templars? Warrior women? Eunuchs? Anything was possible at this point. When a grey bearded man in a knight's regalia rounded the corner that seemed as good an answer as any. He was in decent shape, and only a little thick around the middle, with sinew and muscle still showing in his neck. His face was lined with age, and his red nose provided the only contrast to his tight jaw and well-trimmed iron beard. 

The rest of him was covered in armor and though Evelyn didn't know about such things, it was much like him, old and in good repair. 

As soon as he caught Garrett, Malchedemus scowled. "You again," he called out, as he continued tromping down the stairs. Weren't you here just last season, you old thief? Trying to pass a farm girl off as a material for the order?"

"Last year, lord commander," Garrett said turning to face the new arrival, and addressing him as respectfully as he had ever heard him address anyone, "and I imagine that she is settling in nicely."

Malchedemus broke into a smile as he reached the courtyard. Three strides later he was in front of Garrett, hand extended in friendship. "Too right she is. Avanelle has a green thumb taller than this tower. If she keeps up at this rate she'll be heading out to the wastes to make them bloom again in no time." Garrett took the proffered hand, and Malchedemus pulled him, apparently unexpectedly into a bear hug that held for two or three awkward moments too long. "It's been too long my friend, too long. Tell me," he said, finally turning to face Evelyn. 

Malchedemus reached up to grab her chin, causing her to flinch, though not quickly enough. He turned her head to both sides slowly, scrutinizing her as Garrett chimed in.

"I found Evelyn on the outskirts of Briar," Garrett started, "not far from another girl who didn't pass the tests in Eachum." 

At the mention of the girl that didn't pass, Malchedemus smirked, "Ah - local girls then. How is it a blood hound like you missed them before?"

"You know what the ruins do to my talent's lord commander," Garrett said, answering his question "Evelyn has a broad gift and..."

"...and it looks like she will fit in around here just fine," Malechedemus said, releasing her. "Welcome to Blackwatch Abbey, Evelyn. Sally, will escort you to see to see the Abbot and give you a quick tour of grounds." At the mention of her name, a young woman came out of the gate house, and sprinted to her master's side. That eagerness to please the larger man told her all that she needed to know about the larger man's temperament. 

"Sally, escort Evelyn to see the Abbott if you would be so kind," The lord commander said before turning to face Garrett, "and as for you, let us go upstairs and ... settle up."

Evelyn smiled politely, but it was hard to miss the subtle slur in the paladin's voice, and impossible to miss the smell of alcohol wafting off of him. Sally quickly walked one direction, and Malechedemus and Garrett went in another. As Evelyn watched them walk slowly up the stairs to the gate house, she wondered whether or not he got paid any more than her father had idly as they crossed the courtyard. Sally walked on in front of her at a quick pace. She didn't say anything, and only looked back once or twice to make sure that she was being followed. She was a pretty girl in a summer dress, and not the habit of the sisterhood, which was odd, but perhaps they dressed more casually at the Abbey then they did when traveling through the rest of the world. That was a pleasant thought. The wool she was wearing had gone from hot to sweltering. 

"So how long have you been with the sisterhood," Evelyn asked, trying to make pleasant conversation. Sally glanced at her over one shoulder, and rolled her eyes but didn't stop walking. 

"That's the first question you girls always ask." Sally said over her shoulder. "You see a woman and you assume she's one of you lot. Well, I ain't. I'm just here to serve the brothers for a year or two. After that I'll be on my way."

"That makes sense," Evelyn said after mulling over her words for the length of a few strides. "I thought that would have been the job of the sisters, but I guess we'll be too busy with our studies..."

Sally stopped at the door, laughing. 

"You silly little tart," Sally retorted, one hand on the knob of the door. "You'll find time to serve them their tea and supper. You'll even do their laundry," Sally said turning toward Evelyn. She bit her lip suggestively, looking at the newest initiate through veiled eyelids. Sally was clearly very pretty. "But there are some services you ladies just aren't allowed to provide."

With that revelation ringing like a thunderbolt, Sally opened the door and led them both inside. As she closed it again, the sound of it scrapping and settling into place echoed down the hallway.

"You're a prostitute?" Evelyn whispered that forbidden idea as quietly as she could and still be heard over the ruckus. 

Sally pushed Evelyn back against one of the walls, the move was so unexpected that she offered no resistance, and then she leaned in until her short auburn hair tickled Evelyn's nose. "Before this job I fucked any man with a few commons around the docks of Amaranth, and that made me a whore." Where Evelyn's whisper was only barely muted surprise, Sally's was the steel of a barely concealed threat. "Here I fuck two or three after I clear the dishes or clean the floors because the men of this tower have had to spend yet another day around high strung little sex fiends like you and your sisters. 

Evelyn squirmed in Sally's grip, having only the smallest advantage in size over the woman, but her intensity was magnetic as the two locked eyes while she spoke. "So the next time you hear me cry out while Brother Gerard is fucking me in his bedroom," Sally said slowly, pausing for effect "or I'm walking funny after spending a night with Malchedemus, remember: if you give me any shit about it I'll find a way to shirk my duties and see how long it takes for them to go looking for another source of comfort and release." 

Sally practically spat venom as she pronounced those last three words, and then suddenly the encounter was over as quickly as it had begun, with Sally sashaying down the hall purposefully and Evelyn still leaning against the wall. When Sally got to the end of the hall she stopped only for a moment, "Come on then, we mustn't keep the Abbott waiting," Sally called out before continuing on without a hint of admonishment or rancor in her voice. 

Evelyn hurried to catch up.

The tour that followed as they made their way slowly up the tower was a whirlwind at best and totally inadequate for the size of the place. Decorations and landmarks were minimal and each hallway seemed to look like all the others. As Evelyn struggled to keep up, she had no idea how she would keep from getting lost. The first floor was devoted to kitchens, store rooms, armories, and the main dining hall; though they weren't going down there at the moment, Sally pointed out that the well and bathing facilities were in the first sub-basement just below. The second and third floors were devoted to the cells of the sisters. In the hierarchy junior sisters slept on the lower floor, and senior sisters slept on the higher one, even though there was enough room for either group to stay together on a single floor. Walking through those levels, Sally had briefly introduced her to Liliana and Belle as they walked by, distracted by their own business. Neither had time for Evelyn, sparing her not much more than a glance before they were gone again around another corner. 

On the fourth floor were libraries and rooms devoted to training. Here Evelyn walked around a corner running into a blond girl a head shorter than her. As Evelyn stopped to help her get to her feet, she was struck by just how beautiful the strawberry blond girl was.

Evenlyn looked around, and saw that Sally had continued on at her manic pace without stopping to wait for her. "I'm so sorry," she said, fumbling for the right words in the face of such beauty. "I was just..."
