 Evelyn thanked all the gods above for the small favor when she saw her father talking with a stranger on the road out front of their family's land. Behind him was a closed wagon, like the kind that traveling salesmen or carnival might use, lacking only in the banners and painted advertisements for miracle cures. It had seen a lot of miles and looked almost as shabby as its driver. She on the other hand, hadn't gotten very far today. Evelyn had come back after only an hour in the wood, with half an armful of firewood to show for her efforts. She had hoped that her father would have gone out by now, when she made the decision to sneak back and warm up, as he would certainly be cross about such an early return. Evelyn hoped that she could sneak in with this load, and warm her hands by the fire before going back out to find more wood that would warm their drafty little house through the night. Winter had come early, and her clothing was just as unprepared and threadbare as the rest of the farm.

All around were the signs that they had fallen on hard times. From the unmended fences and weed ravaged fields out back to the patches in her dress, everything spoke of overuse and neglect, but nothing more than the body of the girl itself. She was as thin as any of the goats outback, and though she was lovely, with her dirty blond hair and well-muscled limbs, she would have been radiant if her family had enough to eat, and her ribs weren't quite so visible. She was a beauty, just like her mom was before the world had beaten her down. All of this was picked up on by the stranger when he spotted her, his eyes quickly sizing her up like an animal at market before returning to match her father's gaze. He was swarthy man with enough stubble to make the beginnings of a beard and a pinched face. She didn't much care for the look of him, even he she envied his thick coat and wind brimmed hat, so she was doubly disappointed when her father noticed his gaze and turned to notice her. 

"Get over here then," he said, waving her over. "If you can't gather wood like I told you than you can come over here an' meet Mr Lee. We'll talk about the other thing later." If he remembered the threat tonight, he would do the talking with his belt, Evelyn thought, flinching at his words. 

She couldn't help but notice that even though he looked angry while talking to her, her father pasted his least insincere smile back on before turning around to face the stranger. She set the wood down by the door in a neat pile, swearing she could feel Mr. Lee's eyes on her ass the whole time. When she stood up straight again, Evelyn hugged her thin shawl tighter around her, arms across her chest. Even over the wind though, she could still hear them talking, and she blanched a little at how ominous it sounded. 

"Didn't I tell you, Mr. Lee? 35 silver regals is a steep price, but she's worth every copper, yes she is," her father said, sounding for all the world like he was trying to get the last common for a broken horse.

"That she is Roddrick..." Mr Lee started out.

"Call me Rod," her father said, interrupting him. He didn't tell anyone that unless he was about to ask the innkeeper to open a tab. Father. Roddrick. Mr. Pevrel. He didn't get much respect in this world, so he tried to make things as formal as possible whenever he got the chance. 

"Rod," Mr. Lee began again, "she is, but there are tests to do before we can agree on a price."

He nodded, "Of course, of course." She hadn't see her father so agreeable in a long time now, and as she tried to put all the pieces together, it struck her: he was going to sell her. 

Evelyn had been saving her virginity for the right man for her whole life. At eighteen she should have been married by now, but for her father's drinking problem stole away the dowry season after season. Not even the poorest local family here would marry one of their sons to her without some kind of dowry to offset the burden. Evenlyn's mother tried to stay positive about the whole thing. Many nights she stroked her daughter's hair, telling her that spring would bring a handsome man to Evelyn, and success to the farm. But then she always tried hard to stay positive, Evelyn thought, though she quickly amended it with 'unless her father was around,' then her mother, like everyone else in the family, was seen and not heard. 

She had worried she would die an old maid, her rose never plucked, but even that would be preferable to this fate. Evelyn's cheeks flushed as she imagined it indignantly: she could hardly imagine a worse fate than to have her innocence sold to a man by the side of the road for enough money to stay comfortably drunk through the winter. 

She almost turned to run. She would have, if she thought she could have escaped her father, but he would run her down and make her regret the decision. In the end Evelyn walked forward, her body quickly growing numb as she closed the gap. This time it wasn't the cold that caused it though.

When Evelyn reached her father, he put his arm around her shoulders pulling her close, and looking at her in that overly friendly way he only did when there were other people around. Often he was kindest to mother in moments like this as he was bidding guests goodbye, just before he beat her. 

"Now darling, go with Mr. Lee." He said, gripping her shoulder tightly. "You do whatever he tells you to girl."

"But father," She started to protest. Normally she wouldn't dare, but she did see how she would ever be able to meet her own gaze in a mirror again if she didn't try to put up some kind of fight to this horrible injustice.

"No buts darling," he interrupted. "Now you go on, I've got to talk some things over with your mother. We'll all sit down at chat more when Mr. Lee has done his tests." 

With that, he turned, and left her to her fate. 

Mr. Lee smiled nervously, tipping his hat and greeting her "Good afternoon Evelyn."

"Good afternoon, Mr. Lee" she responded, curtseying automatically, an action she instantly regretted. 

"Call me Garrett," he said nonchalantly over his shoulder as he turned to the wagon. "It's awfully cold out here for a dress so thin. Come inside, so we can get better acquainted"

This time it was the desire to get warm that overpowered her desire to leave this situation. She could always fight him off after she had feeling back in her hands. With only a moments reluctance, she followed him inside the wagon and shut the door behind her. Inside the space was cramped set up so well that it almost seemed bigger on the inside than it did on the outside. Most importantly though, it was warm. A small brazier holding a few glowing coals sat on the table that dominated the center of the room. It looked like it folded up into the left wall, while a bookshelf filled with odds and ends took up the right. Garrett sat on the other side of the table from her, on the edge of a bed which took up the whole front half of the interior space. The subtlety of that message was not lost on her, but the only thing that stood between her and his lust were that table and a small chair, which she supposed that he expected her to sit on.

Mr. Lee sat quietly watching Evelyn, and for a moment or two she met his gaze evenly, before wilting under it. Instead she sat down and looked intently at the glowing coals. "So what now Evelyn asked," looking at her admirer again, and then quickly away again when her blue eyes and gentle soul were no match for the intensity of his green eyes.

"Now we're going to perform some tests," Garett said lightly. She could hear the smile in his voice without having to see it. "to see if everything your father said about you is true." 

"You mean that I'm a virgin," Evelyn countered, proud that she could get the word out without stumbling over it, even if she couldn't meet his gaze. 

"Well yes, and..." Garrett explained, before Evelyn jumped down his throat.

"That's despicable," she countered, real anger in her voice. "How much of that silver is what you pay for my virginity then? What do you offer for girls that have already danced with a man or two? Half?" She had meant to say fucked. She knew the word and what it meant, but when the time came it was too much for her lips. She had blushed though, eyes firmly fixed on the ground, even when using the politer word instead. 

That blush intensified when he started laughing. She didn't look up at first, but when it changed from a chortle into a full-fledged belly laugh, she felt certain that she had missed something. When he finally stopped, he paused for a moment to breathe and shrugged off his jacket. "Miss – I hate to break it to you, but I've never paid more than half a regal for a woman, and Jeiezsa was an elf girl that could this thing with her... well, you get the idea. It was worth five commons, no question. As far as virginity, I've always found it was easier to charm a maid out of her dress than to pay her to take it off. Surely some of the boys around here figured that out too, no?" 

Evelyn swallowed hard. She wasn't sure if she was more embarrassed at her off base accusation or the truth of his words. This past spring Colton had flirted with her each time she had walked past the mill, and his attentions had made her as wet as the river that powered his family's business. If his parents had stayed out a little longer on that fateful market day, she would have ended up with a belly full of his prick instead of the pie that they had offered her upon their return. 

"I suppose so," Evelyn said, trusting on her embarrassment to hide any trace of the arousal rising up in her. "But if they have, they've never tricked me into lying with them." It was only a little white lie. She had never been taken completely, even if Colton did suck on her little titties some nights when they had been able to sneak out. It was those nights she thought about most with she played with herself after the rest of her family was soundly sleeping. 

"Well then, I suppose we will see," Garrett said. He reached up and pulled a pouch off the shelf next to him. 

"How do you test a thing like that?" Evelyn asked. With a finger, was the first thought that jumped to her mind, though she tried to suppress it. If he tested the claim with his fingers right now, he couldn't help but notice just how wet the thoughts of Colton made her. 

"Magic," he said, pulling a series of stones out of a bag and laying them out on the table in front of him. "Tell me, have you ever heard of the order of Magdalene?" 

She broke away from studying the stones to look at him blankly. He had laid out five in a line not far from his edge of the table, and had one more set halfway between them, just to the side of the brazier. 

"The order of the blue lady," Garrett tried again hopefully. This time he was rewarded by a spark of recognition. 

"Oh, The Blue Ladies." Evelyn answered at once. "Around these parts, that's all anyone calls them. They come through sometimes and cure the sick or tell us how long the winter is going to last." She paused, considering her next words, "Its magic of a sort I suppose, but it's not very impressive." 

"Some can do much more than that," he countered without much apparent interest, as he reached down to fiddle with the gem stones. "Much more." Each one was as big as her fist she thought. They were probably worth more than all the money she had seen in her life, combined. "Some of the ladies help the common people, but many more serve as the first line of defense against the gods below." Garett looked up, no doubt trying to gauge her reaction as he looked into her eyes. "That's why they stand forever apart from the world."

"You mean they have to stay a virgin," Evelyn responded, finally starting to understand where this was going. She was being asked to join the sisters. 

"Well, for so long as they stay a part of the sisterhood, yes, but that's only part of it," Garrett said, snapping Evelyn out of her reverie. "They also..."

"I'll do it," she blurted suddenly, her mind made up. "I'll join. It's obvious that my father prefers silver to the presence of his own daughter." In her mind the choice was a simple one: she could live in fear of her father, or go somewhere else.

He smiled in a way that must have once been charming 20 years ago, before age turned it a shade more sinister than he meant it. "Tisk tisk, not just anyone can just anyone can join. First we must see if you are what we are looking for. Let us switch sides."

Garett got up and began to move around one side of the table, after only a little prompting, Evelyn circled around the other. 

"Even our, how did you put it," Garrett said, pausing to remember the exact quote as he stroked his chin "our least impressive members, all have magic running through their veins. Remember that."

The bed took up this whole side of the room, but at that moment, Evelyn dearly wished that she could crawl into a corner and hide. "Look, I didn't mean..."

"It's fine," Garrett interrupted, pulling a notebook from his breast pocket. "If you come with me on my travels, I promise not to tell your sisters what you think of them." Now let's get started. 

Over the next few minutes, Garett walked Evelyn through a ritual of sorts. She touched each stone when told to do so and did as she was told. Generally, this involved holding certain thoughts in her mind. Sometimes he asked her to think of memories holding great emotion. Sadness. Rage. Lust. Other times he asked her to visualize something a little more specific. A towering storm. A candle flame in the dark. A wolf hunting its prey. Often the stones stayed dark, but sometimes, they would glow with an inner light. Most of them were just a flicker, but at least once, the blue stone shone with enough light to rival the light from the brazier. When they were done, Garett slid the book back he had been scratching away on into his jacket, and slid the pencil behind one ear. 

He regarded her silently, without giving away any hint as to what he was thinking, but Evelyn was buzzing with excitement. Each time there was a glow, she had felt something stir deep inside her, though she had trouble putting it into words. There was a connection there – a power she did not know existed. 

"Well," she prompted him impatiently, "What does that mean. Did I pass?"

Garrett smiled his crooked smile. "You did, you did. The first half at least. You have the gift to be sure."

"What did the different color lights mean?" Evelyn was bursting with excitement. It was hard to believe that ten minutes ago she was terrified.

"There are better people than me to give those answers. I just find the girls, and bring them home," Garett finished. "You'll get the rest of the answers from people wiser than I." Modesty was not his strong suit, but this time it worked for him. "Now we just need to find out if you are a virgin."

Curiosity suddenly warred with modesty as Evelyn's mouth went dry. "Why is that even a requirement," she asked, suddenly daunted. "What does sex have to do with magic?"

"Oh, ho," Garrett laughed, "Does that mean you aren't a virgin after all?"

"It's not that," Evelyn said too quickly, "I just don't understand."

He sighed. "It's like this," he said suddenly serious, "and mind you, this is just the short version. Magic and sex are deeply connected, for most people it is the most magical thing that they are ever likely to experience, but it's more than that. The gods below are always looking for a way into our world, and temptation is how they do it."

Garrett paused a moment and stared thoughtfully into the embers on the table, reliving some inner tragedy. 

"That's why the ladies stay apart from the world. There are a few men too, but they Shepard and protect the women who take the blue so they can do their good works. Do you understand?" 

"I do," she said at last, "but how do you determine such a thing," she said, almost afraid to find out. "Do you need to..." she trailed off, "Check?" It was a lame finish, but asking him if he was going to finger her seemed like a bridge too far. Mr. Lee obviously had a lecherous streak. He might have taken that as an invitation. 

She was relieved when Garett's only answer was to nod to the last stone on the table, the one that had been sitting apart from the rest. Each of them was a different color, and this one was a red so deep that it was all but black except for the edges. Evelyn picked it up, noting that unlike the rest, it was warm to the touch. 

"So what am I supposed to think of this time," she asked, ready to cross this final hurdle. 

"You have to cum," he said flatly, the amusement plain on his face. 

"Excuse me?" Evelyn said. She had to have heard him wrong. "But you said that sex was... The whole point of this is to... I..." 

She quickly became too flustered for words, and Garrett struggled to keep a straight face. 

"I said that purity was important, and that sex was inherently magical" he said as Evelyn scrutinized the gem in her hand, like it might hold the answer she was looking for. "Do you think that the women of the order are made from stone?" 

He laughed. "I could tell you some stories, but not now. Now is time for the final test."

Evelyn sat in silence for a moment, pondering her fate. Good girls didn't play with themselves, certainly not in front of strangers. But the alternative was even less palatable. She had never lived in a world where life without her father was an option before now. It was more exciting than the idea that she might learn to work magic one day. Real magic. 

"Do you think that you could wait outside," she was able to squeak out finally, unable to meet Garrett's gaze.

His only response was to slowly shake his head. 

Evelyn sat frozen for a moment before she could work up her nerve, then eyes screwed shut, she hiked up her skirt to her waist, and lifted her ass to pull down her plain linen underwear to her knees. She reached for her pussy mechanically, and was unsurprised to find that she felt nothing. She had never tried to touch herself without being turned on before, and it was no surprise that cold fingers and a dry sex were not conducive to pleasure. 

For a moment she allowed herself to despair. She couldn't do this. Between the pressure of being put on the spot, and the idea that someone was watching her, it wasn't going to happen. She thought for a moment about trying to fake an orgasm. Girls did that sometimes, she had heard, but the gem squeezed tightly in her left hand would probably betray her. For a brief moment she pulled her right hand from her pussy and admitted defeat, but something inside stopped her. From where she was sitting, she could see a better life, and if this was she had to do to get there, then so be it. 

Earlier in their conversation, Evelyn had started to moisten when Colton had sprung into her mind unbidden. She searched through her mind for those images while lightly teasing her clit with one hand. 

He was a season or two older than her, but with the hard work of loading and unloading carts that his parents had him do every day, he seemed several years her senior. There had been many evenings when her mother had sent her to town to fetch her father from his drinking and bring him back to the table for dinner, when she had seen Colton, shirtless and sweaty, as he loaded 50 pound sacks of milled flower, that weighed half of what she did, into a customer's wagon. She had been caught staring more than once as they rippled and flexed in the fading sunlight. It wasn't until she bumped into him in town one day that his shining eyes or lopsided smile melted her heart though, among other things. 

Just the image of him in her mind caused her pussy to moisten. She slid her finger up and down her slit feeling how wet Colton could make her, before returning to her clit with two fingers. Her hips had not yet started to thrust involuntarily, but they had started to rock from increased enthusiasm of her attentions. Her breathing was starting to quicken, but Evelyn still felt terribly exposed. Even her dream man was failing to elicit the response on her body that he usually did. 
