 What Happened at the Warehouse Office One Friday Evening (Part I)


I was picking up the weekend shipment of tools, parts and supplies for my company from the Apexco warehouse one Friday. After loading the truck, I went to the office at the front of the property to hand off some papers to the manager. It was about 5:30pm and the sun was giving the commercial district it's last burning hot thrashing for the day. As I walked up to the office I noticed that there were only two vehicles parked nearby. One was another delivery truck from a local company I recognized. The other was a sleek red sports car.

"The manager stayed late to sign out the last few pick-ups this week," I thought to myself. I usually didn't work the Friday shift or this particular run, but the boss needed someone to cover, so I had volunteered.

I walked into the office and found the other driver and the manager looking over some papers on a long table in the middle of the room. The driver was a rangy, scruffy looking middle-aged fellow in a company uniform. I couldn't see his name tag. The manager was a young woman in her late twenties about 5'2" with long brown hair. She was wearing a tight fitting professional outfit, a grey skirt and a black button-down blouse. I could see that her name was Kristina from her nametag.

I waited quietly a few feet behind and to their right while they continued to quietly look over papers. There was something a bit odd about the other driver, though I couldn't put my finger on it. I dismissed it quickly; you run into weirdos all the time in my business. The manager gave a faint impression of having the same feeling about him as well. I noticed that she occasionally glanced at him with a puzzled expression, but said nothing.

They seemed to have quite a bit of business to work through. Apparently there were a lot of insured items that the driver needed to inventory and sign for. A few minutes went by during which I began to notice more details about the manager. In retrospect, I wish I had paid more attention to the driver, but I'm a guy after all. What can I say? The manager was way more interesting.

She was wearing dark professional high-heels and no hosiery. The skin tone of her legs confirmed that she had very pale skin. She had a fit and well-formed figure. I noticed that her skirt was extremely tight on her shapely posterior and I thought that it might have been made for a smaller woman. Every time she moved I got the impression that she was being very careful. She seemed to be pinching her legs together when she walked back and forth beside the table separating and arranging papers for the driver to sign. She was partly turned away from me, but would occasionally turn in my direction. This gave me a view of her blouse which also seemed to be a bit too small for her shape. Her breasts were unnaturally large for her frame and they projected up and out from her chest putting a strain on her blouse. She had to continually adjust it to keep it from rising above her waistline. I suspected that she had implants.

The room was full of a rising tension. My mind groped to comprehend, but was foiled. The driver conspicuously paid no attention at all to the manager. He didn't even look at her, but simply exchanged papers with her when he was finished with them. She on the other hand watched his every movement and appeared captivated with a growing sense of impatience. She seemed to be swelling up like a balloon about to burst. But the driver took no notice and continued working though not very quickly.

The manager let out a small sigh of impatience as he slowly turned a page on the clipboard he was holding. "Where's the item number on this one?" he said, breaking the stiff silence at last. He handed her the clipboard and pointed to an empty space on it.

She took the clipboard and immediately filled in the missing number. "There we go. All finished finally," she said, impatience evident in her voice. But before she could hand the clipboard back to the driver, he made a sudden, swift, and strange motion, snatching the clipboard from her hands.

As he jerked his hand back tearing the clipboard out of her grasp, the top caught on a button at the base of her blouse and pulled hard on it. Every single button on her tight blouse burst and went flying as it flew wide open. A thin pad fell to the floor and I realized that this had been keeping the manager's nipples from showing through her blouse. Her large braless breasts sprang free and remained quivering, firm, rigid out for the world to see. The manager let out a muffled cry as she seized the edges of her blouse and tried vainly to close it back up over her enormous swollen chest.

I could see that her nipples were very long and erect and her flesh was flushed and the color was now deepening. She continued to struggle to close her ruined blouse but this only pushed her firm breasts up further, making the red swollen areolas even more visible.

The manager had taken a couple of steps back from the driver who continued to pay no attention to her in the midst of her struggle. In exasperation she whirled around to face away from us and avoid our looks, though I was the only one looking. This was also pointless as there were two large mirrors on the opposite wall of the office and I could still she her boobs and her bare toned belly.

It was also her undoing because it caused her to wobble on her high heels and stumble, bending forward. This apparently put too much strain on her skirt which ripped straight up the back seam and fell to the floor tangling up with her feet. I could now see that, for whatever reason, the waistband had been removed from her skirt. Her round, full and bare buttocks quivered as she lurched to her left towards the table to steady herself on it. She was still pinching her legs together and this made it even harder for her to keep her balance.

The manager stumbled towards the table but leaned too far and went tumbling over it upsetting the table and sending papers all across the floor. The table now tipped her almost completely nude body upside down in the air and with the mirror behind her I got a full 360 view of the manager's pale curvy naked ass.

For one moment the manager was suspended in the air, vertical and upside down. Her face was planted into the carpet and her arms were stretched out to the sides. Her big rigid boobs were pointing straight out from her chest, flushed with nipples fully erect. Her toned belly was relaxed and protruded and then went rigid as she lost all contact with a solid surface for a moment. Her legs with the high heels still in place were finally relaxed and bowed to the sides revealing her crotch. Her shaved pussy was swollen and red and protruded from her loins. In the mirror I could see her full round buttocks relaxed at first and then tensed up as she tumbled backwards.

As the manager did a full somersault, her pale body bent and I got a clear view of her anus between her spreading ass cheeks as her legs spread wider apart. She came to a stop against the opposite wall upside down with her bare ass up and her legs spread out in an upside down V. She was still wearing only her high heels and her ruined blouse which covered essentially nothing. Her huge boobs stuck out touching her reddened cheeks, framing her face in flushed sensitive flesh.

Her eyes were mostly covered by strands of her hair, but it was clear that they were wide open. Her mouth was wide open in the most terrific look of tension and shock. Her whole body seemed to be wide open in the throes of a tremendous tension, as if she were teetering on the brink of a precipice. It was as if she thought that if she moved the wrong way, even slightly, she would go plummeting into the abyss. Her legs and back were rigid, holding her in the ridiculous pose. 

The manager's swollen vagina was even more visible now. I could actually see her labia parting slightly. Her clitoris jutted out, rigid and swollen now, as if it were trying to touch her chin. She remained tense and erect as if she were desperately trying to keep her legs spread as far apart as possible. It was as if she were mortally afraid that anything, even her own flesh would touch her swollen pussy. There was a feeling that she was trying to give birth through her bare perineum. I could see her anus, clinched tight between her spread butt cheeks.

The driver still had taken no notice of the entire affair. He finished his signature on the clipboard and walked nonchalantly around the table towards the manager. I didn't think she could tense up anymore, but at his approach she seemed to fill her with dread. I could barely make out her big brown eyes following him as he approached.

He bent down and set the clipboard beside her outstretched right arm. Then with one smooth, swift motion he licked the index finger of his right hand and gently flicked her taught, rigid clitoris down towards her face and swiftly withdrew his arm. As he reached for her, her eyes followed his hand opening even wider than before and the tension reached an intolerable pitch. I saw her mouth barely form the words, "Oh, no."

As her clitoris quivered the manager let out a long, "Aaauuuggghhh!", half grunt and half moan. Her whole body convulsed together from her feet to her labia in one huge spasm of released sexual tension. 

A giant blob of thick, sticky female ejaculate launched out from her gaping vagina and draped itself across the full length of her body. There was gooey female sex juice in the manager's hair and on her face. Ropes of the stuff continued to gush out as the manager's body continued to convulse. With each convulsion the helpless manager let out a short intense moan. There was a big blob on her nose and some had gone into her wide open mouth, but she didn't close it. Goo covered her inverted, quivering fake boobs. Her flexing belly glistened with her aromatic woman cum. 

The manager's body continued to convulse and I could still make out the contractions of her pussy. They were slowing now. With each contraction she let out a softening, "Aaahhh!" But she remained in the same position, her contractions slowing as she became quieter and more still.

The tension was rapidly vanishing from the room. I looked up to find the other driver, but he was gone. He had walked out immediately after so casually flicking the manager's clit. I looked back down at the manager, wondering when she would recover herself. This didn't seem to be on the agenda though.

The manager just laid there: naked, covered in her own sex juice, the smell of it now filling the room. She was completely still now. Her mouth was still open, but was more relaxed. She seemed to relax completely now, her body still propped upside down against the wall. The toes of her high heels touched the floor now.

As her back relaxed, her buttocks and anus came more into view. A string of woman cum stretched from the tip of her softening clitoris down to where her navel hid between the folds of her relaxing belly. The redness was going out of her flesh and she was turning pale all over again. Her breathing slowed until finally she let out a long soft sigh. Her head turned slightly to the right and drool and cum oozed out of her mouth onto the floor.

The manager relaxed completely and became very still. Her breathing was barely detectable. 

Well, I couldn't leave without getting the papers signed. In spite of my now unbearable horniness, I was desperate to get out of there and avoid any potential trouble. I thought the other driver would get into some serious trouble for this and I didn't want any part of it. But I still needed the manager's signature and there she was lying naked on the floor barely moving.

I walked over to her cautiously and laid my clipboard on the floor beside her outstretched left arm. "I'll just wait out in my truck until you can get to this," I said hopelessly, knowing that I was probably in for a long wait. The manager made no response but continued to lie there. As I raised up to leave I looked right at her anus as she let out a huge fart.

"Well she's given up on life," I thought as I almost ran out the door.

I waited in my truck for almost an hour. At one point I looked up and saw my clipboard hanging on a hook on the glass door of the office. I quickly went and retrieved it, and seeing that it had been signed I got the hell out of there, not waiting to see if the manager was alright. I felt like shit for it, but I wanted to get out of there quick.

As I drove home I couldn't shake from my mind what the other driver had done to the manager. With literally a couple of casual flicks of the wrist he had spun her out of control and turned her into a soaking wet pile of defeated female sex. He had sprung her body as if it were a loaded trap and she had been caught in it.

I thought of my wife Becky and how her body behaved when she was aroused. The whole situation I had just witnessed made no sense, yet there it had happened right in front of me. How had the other driver made the manager climax by just flicking her clit once? I thought about the way the manager had been tensed up and it dawned on me that she must somehow have been on the brink of an orgasm and the driver pushed her over the edge into it.

My moral compass was confused about who to blame now. The manager had dressed herself in clothes that were too small without even any underwear. She had stayed right there in the room without excusing herself even though she was getting way too horny. How could I put all the blame on the driver? She had walked to the edge of the cliff, but he had pushed her off. I shoved the whole question out of my mind, unable to decide.

I thought again of my wife Becky and of something she had said once about a young female friend who had gotten into an awkward situation. "Poor wench," she had called our friend, though we're not English. It just popped into her mind, so she said it. Now I said it out loud, "Poor wet wench," adding a touch.

I was so horny that I was afraid that I would have a wreck on the way back or maybe I would end up raping my wife when I got home. Neither of those things happened thankfully, though my wife Becky got quite the treatment later that night. I never heard what became of the manager. I was sent back to the place a few months later and she wasn't there and I was way too afraid to ask what had become of her. And I never saw the other driver again either.

Fuck. That was the weirdest day of my entire life and it still makes my cock hard as a rock.