 Author's note: This is a work of fiction. All characters are eighteen years or older. This story features anal sex, so be warned in case that's not your cup of tea. Consider this just a silly, smutty parody of a few fantasy cliches. Don't expect epic tones or anything even vaguely resembling seriousness and you won't be disappointed when you don't find them! Enjoy!

This chapter picks up exactly where the previous one ended, so it's best to read that first.

***** 

"Well, fuck you, you deluded sex-addicted fat-cocked demon-fucking loser!" Shayla yelled, pushing her face so threateningly close to his that their noses brushed together, her voice breaking into a shriek as she glared daggers straight into Jadrik's wide eyes.

"No! Fuck you, you crazy big-titted round-assed dick-deprived cunt!" he replied, the fast breaths coming from Shayla's soft pouty lips feeling warm and fragrant and so terribly intoxicating on his panting mouth.

For a long intense moment, Jadrik and Shayla just stood there, leaning toward each other from opposite sides of the warlock's desk, growling and glaring, staring into one another's eyes and letting their inner fires sizzle back and forth between their deepest cores, rekindling desires and passions in that love/hate dynamic that had always been the twisted key to their weird yet perfect complementarity. 

That overcharged stillness lasted a mere instant. Then it was just too unbearable. The tension between them burst and, before they knew it, the warlock and the wizardess were kissing like there was no tomorrow.

Clicking and syncing instantly as they always used to, Shayla and Jadrik lost themselves in a searing soulkiss that inflamed their very souls and blew away everything else. Their tongues danced flawlessly and passionately while their hands held one another's face, their mouths smashed together as if desperate to stay joined, determined not to let go now that they were touching once again. Time and space mattered nothing as they devoured each other, sucking avidly on the other's lips, hungry to savor the taste of their kiss.

High on the feel of her soft succulent lips greedily munching on his, Jadrik was soon humming with the kind of all-consuming lust that only Shayla had ever been able to infuse in him. He was about to break their lip-lock and let go of her beautiful face so that he could grab her and pull her up onto the desk to make her his once again, but she preceded him.

Interrupting their torrid make-out session, Shayla straightened back on her side of the desk, leaving Jadrik leaning toward her, his lips still puckered out and his massive erection throbbing with desire, pointing straight at her. Without even letting the warlock open his eyes, the wizardess hissed in frustration, growled, and abruptly hit him hard on the cheek with a vicious, open-handed slap.

That unexpected smack sobered Jadrik up immediately and made him recoil, stunned. "Ouch!" he exclaimed, shocked by that sudden and painful turn of events. "You crazy bitch! What in the Thousand Hells was that for?"

"Fuck you, you filthy demon-humping pig! Why did you kiss me?!" Shayla barked, not really knowing why she said that, let alone why she slapped him in the first place.

With her cheeks flushed red and her body shaking, confused and turned on and angry all at the same time, the wizardess had no idea what she was doing anymore, and she didn't even care. The one thing she knew for sure was that she was loving the sizzling, crackling feel of life-giving intensity that their kiss left inside her. She had missed the delicious craving for more that was making her whole curvy frame tingle and ache for relief, a devouring yet energizing hunger that she only ever experienced with Jadrik.

"What?!" the warlock snorted, blinking in disbelief. "You were kissing me just as much as I was kissing you! Do I get to slap you too, then?"

"Just shut up, Jad!" Shayla snapped, gritting her teeth as she struggled to stop looking at Jadrik's raging erection, failing miserably, and therefore hating herself for it. All the while, her pussy was on fire. She could feel her moist folds quivering with need at the sight of the warlock's big hard cock, an instrument of pleasure that Shayla knew very well and had appreciated many, many times. 

"And close those fucking robes already! I don't need to see your disgusting succubus-fucking cock!"

"Oh really?" Jadrik grinned, taking off his black robes instead. He knew Shayla enough to know that, no matter what she said, the very last thing she wanted was for him to hide his thick meaty dick. 

Totally naked, the warlock slowly walked around the desk, deliberately stroking his stiff boner as he closed in on a panting, thunderstruck Shayla. The wizardess's gaze seemed magnetized to his purple glans and veiny shaft, her eyes wide and glazed-over with desire. As he watched her getting hornier by the second, Jadrik went on teasingly. 

"You don't really want me to put this away though, do you, Shay? Unless you mean that I should put it in you, of course. Is that what you want..." he asked, letting the sentence hang suspended before he intoned the last crucial word, stressing it: "...slut?"

"Stop it, Jad..." Shayla mumbled, sighing and biting her lips as that magic syllable rang in her ears and echoed in her mind, tuning out everything else. She was brushing her thighs together, trembling, unable to remove her sparkling blue eyes from the warlock's huge erection as he got closer and closer to her voluptuous, shivering body.

"Yeah, right. Truth is, you don't really want me to stop. Do you, slut?" Jadrik insisted, standing right in front of Shayla's rooted frame, gloatingly enjoying the sight of her thick hardened nipples poking against the fabric of her tunic. "In fact, I think you want this cock. No," he corrected himself, grinning, "you need this cock. Don't you, slut?" he emphasized, mercilessly.

"Oohh, fuck..." Shayla whimpered, knowing he was right, hating him and loving him for it. 

She was completely overpowered by Jadrik's familiar commanding tone and by the irresistible sound of the word 'slut' escaping his lips. It was like an arrow shot straight into her heart, aimed so perfectly and spelled out just right, intoned with that heady mixture of dominance and adoration in his deep calm voice, tinged with his strong desire to fuck her endlessly but also with the true devotion she knew he always had for her. 

In the back of her mind, Shayla kicked herself for ending up in that sort of situation after spending years trying to be different. At the same time, a naughtier and yet more honest part of her snickered and rejoiced, feeling maddeningly horny and truly alive for the first time since her break-up with Jadrik.

"Come on now, Shay. Just admit it," the warlock persisted, feeling more excited than he had been in a long time, truly relishing the game he and the wizardess were once again playing, the kind of game they had never failed to enjoy together when they were a couple. "You know you need to feel this cock inside you again before you get mar-rmmdf-mmhph!"

The thought of hearing him say 'married' triggered something deep inside Shayla, scaring her, as if that word spoken right there and then by Jadrik could somehow ruin the amazing, sweetly torturous moment she was sharing with him. Unthinkingly, her overexcited body snapped into action, causing her to press her tumid lips against his mouth, muting him with a deep ardent kiss. 

"Oh, I see..." the warlock chuckled as he pulled back, knowing that he had her at his mercy. "So you don't want to hear me say it, uh? Makes me wonder if you truly do want to get mm-mrpph-mph..."

Grinning as he reciprocated Shayla's voracious soulkiss, Jadrik pressed his throbbing cock against the tunic-clad mound of her pussy while she wrapped her arms around his neck and squashed her pillowy tits into his chest. Enjoying her kiss-muffled moans as she started grinding her groin against his pulsating boner, the warlock slapped his hands on Shayla's fabulous plump ass. 

Grabbing those full, meaty globes in his palms, Jadrik fondled and squeezed the wizardess's juicy buttcheeks before running his hands all the way up her back, tracing her spine with his fingertips. He stopped a moment to caress the nape of her neck, then, as she whimpered into his mouth, he pulled the dress off her shoulders. As the exquisitely tailored tunic slid off her curvaceous body and pooled at her feet, leaving her naked except for her black knee-length leather boots, Jadrik broke their kiss and took a step back to admire Shayla in all her unveiled splendor. Because she really was splendid. 

Starting from her flowing jet-black hair, her intense blue eyes and slender neck, down to her large bulging breasts capped with puffy areolas and thick upturned nipples, and lower still, past her flaring hips and down her soft feminine tummy to reach the tiny tuft of trimmed black pubes atop her mound and lower still to the smoothness of her wet, juice-slick pussy, and then all the way down along her long shapely legs: Shayla was a thing of beauty unmatched by any of the many, many other sexy women and demonesses that Jadrik had laid eyes on.

"Fuck, Shay..." the warlock muttered as he drank in every luscious curve and creamy inch of the wizardess's voluptuous hourglass figure, finding her even more gorgeous than she was in his memories. "You're the most beautiful slut in this world and many others!"

Laughing huskily, proud to see Jadrik's cock bucking excitedly at the mere sight of her naked body, Shayla struck a sexy pose, cocking her hip to make the generous curve of her ass protrude even more, making his nostrils flare with increased arousal. 

"And what about your demon-bitches, Jad? Do their scrawny little asses compare to this?" the wizardess teased, slapping her own bouncy bubble-butt, causing her fleshy sumptuous asscheeks to jiggle mouth-wateringly before the warlock's glinting eyes. 

"Fuck, no!" Jadrik panted, loving how quickly Shayla's inner slut had resurfaced and taken hold of her.

Cupping her heavy jutting tits and tweaking her rosy puffed-out nipples, the wizardess continued with a purr: "Aren't these big juicy boobs better than those stupid purple hell-whores' little titties?"

"Yes! Fuck yes!" Jadrik grunted, overjoyed to be back in that unique private place that he and his adored slut had shared for so long and that he thought was lost, but that now he knew to be real and present and accessible again. "You have the roundest, plumpest, most beautiful ass and the biggest, juiciest fucking jugs in this whole pointless multiverse, Shay!"

Chuckling, feeding off his hungry stares and his obvious desire for her, the wizardess sat on the desk and raised her legs so that the heels of her boots rested right on the wooden edge. Slowly splaying her thighs wide open, she revealed the dewy folds of her pussy and the tiny winking pucker of her asshole while languidly leaning back on an elbow. The huge, jiggly mounds of her tits were wobbling hypnotically as Jadrik drank in the amazing sight before him, his heart beating crazily and his cock throbbing with arousal as he admired the wizardess's ravishing, offered body. 

Extending an arm, Shayla reached out and grabbed Jadrik's raging cock in her hand, pulling him urgently toward her needy, leaking slit. As he swiftly positioned himself between her legs, running his fingertips along her smooth supple thighs and parting them even wider, she wrapped her deft digits around his aching boner and pumped his fat shaft, squeezing pre-cum out of him while she slapped his glans on her exposed clit, teasing herself silly. 

"Now fuck me, Jad," Shayla murmured, her voice thick with craving as she pointed his strong cock at the entrance of her hot drooling snatch, wedging his purple glans between her eager pussy lips. "Fuck your slut hard, like you have dreamed of doing for the last three years!"

"Ooohh fuck, Shay!" Jadrik grunted while, dizzy with desire, he pushed himself into her.

As his bloated tip slipped easily past her sopping labia and disappeared inside her, Jadrik felt Shayla opening up for him, letting him slide effortlessly into the cozy, silky-soft wetness of her slit. Hungry for her, egged on by her sexy whimpers, the warlock kept pressing himself further inside his adored slut's welcoming pussy, sinking more and more of his thick hardness in the liquid heat of her pulsing, fiery core.

"Uuhh... Jaaaad!" Shayla howled as he entered her, penetrating all the way into her, totally plugging her needy weeping hole in one single, slick gliding push. 

The wizardess's mind was drowning in pure exhilaration as the warlock held himself there, absolutely still, fully sheathed inside her steamy vaginal passage, widening her willing juice-drooling walls while her pussy clung to him with sweet desperation. Her syrupy slit seemed to be wanting him so much that it reshaped itself immediately around his rock-hard thickness, as if knowing that it was precisely Jadrik who was filling her at that moment, as if her body recognized him and reacted accordingly, aware that she was meant to be filled by nothing else except for the warlock's perfect cock. 

Pulses of ecstasy like she hadn't known since their last fuck took Shayla's breath away as Jadrik remained enveloped in her velvety wetness, throbbing and pulsing inside her, stuffing her pussy so wonderfully full, completing her and making her whole again. She loved how his rigid boner flexed excitedly inside her, his balls resting on her twitching asshole and his glans pushing deep into her womb, touching her where no other man could ever reach. 

Within seconds of having Jadrik inside her again after so long, Shayla's overcharged pussy tingled and twitched crazily as her curvy frame was hit by a quick, stabbing climax. While she gasped and mewled in pleasure and surprise, her soaked honey pot quivered erratically around him and her love juices flowed freely, bathing the warlock's fully embedded length in her orgasmic nectar.

"Fuck, Shay, I love your pussy... This tight wet pussy, is the best!" Jadrik grunted, barely even aware that he was speaking as he gloried in the feel of Shayla's silky snugness engulfing him amazingly and squeezing him in the warmest, sexiest of caresses while she came on his cock. 

Letting instinct take over as his babbling groans fused with her panting squeals of delight, the warlock began bucking his hips, sawing his length in and out of the wizardess's exquisitely tight pussy. He pumped her slowly for a few strokes, shaking all over as he savored Shayla's softness and wetness and warmth. His passion unavoidably took over though, and soon he started fucking her hard and deep, ardently sliding his cock in and out of the one girl he had ever truly loved. 

Picking up speed as her gushing nectar made his pussy-plowing motions all smooth and slippery, Jadrik fucked Shayla's delicious slit with all he had. Removing his gaze from her huge swaying tits and her thick nipples tracing circles in the air in time with his furious pounding pace, the warlock focused on the wizardess's beautiful glowing visage, reveling in the spectacle of his adored slut biting her luscious lips and looking back at him with lust-glazed eyes.

"You feel so fucking good, Shay! I missed this so much... My slut... My sweet amazing slut..."

"Uuhh fuck me, Jad... Fuck your slut!" Shayla panted between lascivious moans, ever more maddened with desire every time he called her his slut. Wrapping her legs firmly around the warlock's waist, she dug the heels of her boots into his back, forcing him as deep as possible inside her. 

"Oohhh yeah... I need your big fucking cock! Give it to meee! Fuck me haaard, yeees hardeeeer... Aahhh Jaaad!"

As he rammed his raging cock over and over again all the way into her surrendered dripping slit, Jadrik leaned down and buried his face in the lush valley of Shayla's cleavage. His hips bucked harder and faster into her pussy as he went crazy on her amazing tits. Licking and slurping and kissing her soft delicious boob-flesh, the warlock tried to fit as much of the wizardess's jiggly jugs into his mouth whenever he wasn't busy ravenously sucking on her puffy areolas or nibbling viciously on her stiff elongated nipples. 

Grunting and thrusting savagely into her enveloping folds as he devoured her epic tits, Jadrik kept his groin as close as possible to Shayla's budding clit all the while, pressing firmly into her nub and stimulating her amazingly while he hammered into her juicy hole with such vigor that he made the heavy desk shake underneath them. 

The combination of pleasure messages coursing through her body drove Shayla beatifically crazy. With her arms locked around his neck and her hands tugging at his messy brown hair, she pushed the warlock's face deep into her buxom cleavage. She was so excited that her nipples were stiff to the point of hurting. Still, as Jadrik feasted incessantly on her tits, the spikes of delicious semi-pain radiating from her engorged areolas only made the storm of pleasure crackling around the wizardess rage more intensely.

As he kept mounting her like a frenzied animal, Shayla responded in kind to Jadrik's passion, pulling him inside her leaking pussy with her legs and pumping her hips up to meet his plunging boner. Moaning and sighing, barely able to believe she was experiencing the glorious feel of being royally fucked by her ever-horny stud again after such a long time, Shayla lost herself in a dizzying string of mini-orgasms that turned her into the kind of screeching, cock-worshiping slut that they both knew she was. 

The horny wizardess was enjoying yet another wave of pure bliss crashing over her when her ringing ears registered Jadrik's grunted words over the wet squishing sounds of his shaft sliding in and out of her dripping dick-stuffed slit. 

"Ooohh, Shay! I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna fill your pussy with so much cum... Aaah yeaaahh, get ready, my slut!"

"Waaait! Aaahh... Jad wait!" Shayla yelped, possessed by a need that she had to sate at any cost, even if it meant not feeling him spray his seed deep inside her womb. "In my mouth, baby! Please, let me drink you! I need to taste you, pleeease, Jad... I haven't had a drop of cum in three years!" 

"Ooh fuck, Shayyy!" Jadrik panted, straining to hold back his ejaculation for just another second as he slipped out of her amazing gushing pussy. 

Both the warlock's mind and his dick were about to explode as he fully realized that, since they broke up, his adored slut hadn't eaten any cum at all. It was heartwarming to know that, just like his seed had been the last that Shayla had tasted, it was also going to be the first that she'd finally get to savor again.

Almost whimpering in anticipation, Shayla jumped off the desk and knelt at Jadrik's feet, plunging her face on his throbbing, nectar-dripping erection as fast as possible. Her parted lips had barely touched his shiny, pulsating glans when the first huge jetting spurt of cum shot out of the warlock's aching boner, splattering on her lips and cheeks and nose. 

With a strangled unintelligible sound, the wizardess opened her mouth wide and pressed her face down, gobbling inch after inch of that spewing cock into her oral cavity. Shayla choked and gagged and spluttered, yet she refused to stop forcing more and more dickmeat into her throat, until Jadrik's ejaculating pole was crammed all the way inside her gullet, with his balls pressed into her chin and her soft lips kissing his groin.

"Aahhh yeahhh... Take all my cum, Shay!" the warlock howled as he sprayed rope after rope of warm seed straight into the wizardess's talented cock-milking throat. "Drink down that load, slut!"

Cooing and slurping and gulping, she did exactly that. The tears filling her eyes were only in part gag-induced but mostly born of sheer libidinous joy as Shayla gloried in the feel of Jadrik's sperm splashing against her tonsils, coating her throat and flowing into her stomach. A sense of deep satisfaction filled the seed-gobbling wizardess as she avidly swallowed every jetting rope of cum the warlock had to give her. As she feasted on his creamy semen, she slowly slid the puffy seal of her lips backwards along his big pulsing cock, stopping with just the slick spongy head trapped inside her inhaling mouth. 
