 Author's note: This is a work of fiction. All characters are eighteen years or older. This story features anal sex and group sex, so be warned in case you're not into that sort of stuff. Consider this just a silly, smutty parody of a few fantasy cliches. Don't expect epic tones or anything even vaguely resembling seriousness and you won't be disappointed when you don't find them! Enjoy!

 This chapter picks up exactly where the previous one ended, so it's best to read that first.



*****

 Their intense nights of passion were undoubtedly the highlight of the companions' journey into the woods. Their progress toward the Chapel of Red Spires was quite easy, impeded only by the occasional wandering monster which was swiftly disposed of, thanks to Shayla's fireballs, Laeny's arrows and Uli's massive axe. 

 As a rule, Jadrik had always been more than happy to let the wizardess's pyromania and the dwarf's bloodthirst compensate for his lack of interest in fighting random enemies coming their way whenever they were on an adventure. Predictably, with the addition of Laeny's marksmanship to boost the group's damage dealing potential, the warlock now felt even more entitled to let his laziness run rampant. 

 Jadrik did decide to get his hands dirty on one specific occasion, though.

 It was early afternoon on their fourth day of travel, when the party ran into a huge forest troll. Squatting in the middle of the trail that they were following, the hulking greenish brown monster was taking a humongous dump, which, beside making Laentharyel go pale with barely contained nausea, only served to make the humanoid's presence even more loathsome to the companions. 

 Within moments of sighting the disgusting creature, Uli's battle shout pierced the air and his charging stomps resounded among the trees, announcing the troll's imminent demise. Watching intently as the monster's squishy flesh was chopped to pieces by the dwarf's whirling axe strokes while at same time Laeny's well-aimed arrows mercilessly pincushioned its abhorrent frame, the warlock took action only at the very last moment, right before Shayla finished off the maimed and agonizing brute with a powerfully charged fireball. 

 Unlike Aldarius, who had spent the whole short-lived fight cowering behind a bush, Jadrik knew perfectly well that setting the troll's smelly, mutilated carcass aflame was necessary to prevent the foul humanoid from regenerating, thus killing him for good. Still, in that particular instance, the warlock chose to ignore that key detail of efficient troll-slaying. 

 While Shayla got ready to launch her fireball at the troll, Jadrik grinned with evil joy and started casting a spell of his own. Intoning the words firmly and briskly, the warlock chanted the tongue-twisting, dissonant sequence of blasphemous syllables necessary to summon a swarm of imps. 

 As soon as Jadrik was done pronouncing his demonic formula, an aetheric crepitation reverberated in the air, followed by a crimson flash and a discordant cacophony of high-pitched cackles. Blindsided by the warlock's quick, unexpected spellcasting and by the clamor of all those grating voices screeching together, her concentration broken, Shayla cursed and turned around. Despite her irritation at having been interrupted before she could finish casting her fireball, just a long resigned sigh escaped the wizardess's lips as she took in the array of Jadrik's freshly invoked minions. 

 Tiny and spindly, laughing maniacally like the bunch of annoying infernal pests that they were, the pack of dark purplish imps emerged from a mist of dense violet smoke and immediately turned en masse toward the black-robed warlock. Still suffused with the unhealthy red glow of the ritual of demonic evocation that had called them from their hellish plane of existence and bound them to Jadrik's will, the little fiends tilted their heads in unison, nodding at him as one while he mentally commanded them to do his bidding. 

 Snickering in amused obeisance to their master's instructions, the puny devils suddenly let out a collective chortle as they skipped and darted toward the troll's butchered remains. Grinning as he silently directed the swarm of demonic pests, Jadrik made the imps pick up the foul chunks of the troll's butchered carcass. When every tiny devil was holding a stinky, gooey piece of the disgusting monster, the warlock commanded his demonic army to turn about, take aim and throw those foul projectiles at Aldarius, just for fun. 

 The embarrassingly girlish squeals of terror that erupted from the dumbstruck paladin's mouth were so amusing to Jadrik that he almost lost control over the swarm of nettling devils. Much to Laeny's shock, neither Uli nor Shayla seemed too surprised by that grotesquely weird turn of events. 

 "Of course..." the wizardess sighed, slumping her shoulders and shaking her head. "I was wondering why Jad hadn't done anything like this yet." 

 Jadrik's sadistic chuckles and Aldarius's yells of shocked repugnance filled Shayla's ears as she watched the imps pelting her betrothed with a barrage of meaty, squishy pieces of troll carcass. Once the paladin had been mercilessly hit and smeared from head to toe in the monster's fetid chunks, the imps rushed to retrieve every last icky bit so that they could throw those nauseating projectiles at Aldarius all over again while he just stood there rooted in place, paralyzed and horrified as he screamed at the top of his lungs. 

 "That's so yucky! It's just so, so... Eewww!" Laeny squealed, disgusted and yet unable to remove her big green eyes from the spectacle of a holy paladin of the Order of the Golden Shield getting plastered in dead troll goo by a hysterically laughing warlock and his imps. "Sacred Tree of Life! Jadrik can be really, really nasty... Eww, this is soooo gross!"

 "Aye, it is," Uli scowled, giving up on cleaning his axe just yet, "and if the lad doesn't stop playing blasted demonic puppeteer soon, that big ugly bastard will regenerate and patch itself back together in no time. Bah, I don't want to chop that thing up again, I'll smear my axe in its crappy blood even more!"

 "Jad, come on!" Shayla yelled at the laughing warlock, trying to make herself heard over Aldarius's screams, the imps' demented yapping and the revolting splattering sound of the monster's butchered remains relentlessly hitting the paladin's no longer spotless armor. "The troll is about to regenerate, cut it out already! Just have your stupid little demons pick up all the pieces and pile them in one place so I can roast this thing before it heals itself back to life! I mean now, Jad!"

 "Relax, Shay. There's at least another half minute before the self-regeneration kicks in," Jadrik snickered, hoping to convince his friends to let him torture Aldarius a little bit more. 

 Unluckily for the warlock, the dwarf and the wizardess just glared grimly at him in a concerted 'cut the crap, or else' sort of manner that left no room for negotiations. Rolling his eyes as Uli and Shayla stared him down, Jadrik grumbled and let out a theatrical sigh. 

 "Pff, fine... You guys are no fun at all."

 As he commanded the swarm of tiny infernal pests to gather every piece of dead troll in sight to form a big stinky heap, the warlock couldn't resist giving Aldarius one last good scare. 

 Noticing the monster's huge, hideously warty penis lying on the ground, Jadrik sent an imp to retrieve it. Instructing the little demon to climb its way up Aldarius's trembling frame to stand on his gore-smeared pauldron, the warlock made the imp wag the troll's floppy, nauseatingly pustulent cock right in the paladin's face. 

 That abominable sight undid the besmirched, miserable knight completely. Already on the verge of a nervous breakdown, with his precious blessed armor drenched in snotty gobs of the troll's acidic brown blood and crusted with squishy traces of his foul greenish meat, Aldarius simply couldn't take it anymore. With a final shriek of ultimate revulsion, the distraught paladin buckled at the knees and fainted, crumpling to the ground with a ruinous metallic clang. 

 "Now that's what I call a fun prank, with an even funnier finale!" Jadrik commented, his voice dripping with satisfaction as he sent the last imp to put the troll's hideous cock on top of the other bits and pieces of the butchered monster. 

 Right after sending a blazing bombardment of firebolts into every last fragment of the troll's carcass, targeting the whole lot of screeching imps too just for good measure and thus incinerating everything in a roaring conflagration of magical flames, Shayla slowly turned toward Jadrik. Though she tried to give him a look of stern reproach, the wizardess couldn't help but be infected by the warlock's naughty, thoroughly inappropriate and yet irresistibly contagious joy. 

 "Happy now?" Shayla said as tersely as she could, barely able to contain a complicit smile.

 "Yes, very happy!" Jadrik replied, leaning in to plant a huge smooch on the wizardess's succulent lips. "I'll be good now, Shay, I promise," the warlock said, grinning shrewdly before adding in an almost serious tone: "Besides, Al should thank me for this, once he wakes up."

 "Thank you? Really?!" the wizardess snorted, pointing at the stinky, motionless heap of slime-coated armor that was her fiance. "And for what exactly, Jad? You humiliated him, and he's gonna get acid burns from the troll's blood dripping through the gaps in his plates too, you know!"

 "Yes, I know," the warlock replied, blinking his eyes in mock-shock, "that's why he should be thanking me. Finally, our self-appointed and blatantly useless healer will be able to use some of his mending prayers," Jadrik said, before concluding with a chuckle, "on himself! Haha!"

 Despite her better judgment, even as she shook her head and rolled her eyes at him, Shayla couldn't stop herself from laughing along with the warlock while he winked at her and walked away, whistling a merry tavern song completely out of tune.



*****

 Given how great that day had been for him until that moment, Jadrik didn't expect it to get even better, but it did. 

 While Shayla watched over Aldarius and energetically slapped his face to make him regain consciousness, Laeny entered one of her cyclic lustful phases. Noticing this, Uli swiftly swept the slender huntress off her feet and carried her away in his massively muscled arms, marching off into the woods with a spring in his stomping steps.

 As a chortling and salivating Uli passed by Jadrik's side with a visible bulge tenting his kilt, the squirming elf grabbed the warlock by the sleeve of his black robes and dragged him along, moaning and whimpering about needing lots and lots of cock. Never one to shy away from a wild fuck, Jadrik tagged along with pleasure. 

 Minutes later, in the comforting seclusion of a grassy clearing among the trees, the three companions were naked, sucking and fucking with gusto. 

 Lying on her back on a soft carpet of moss, Laentharyel was pinching her own stiff rosy nipples while Uli crouched between her legs, pounding her pussy with vigorous thrusts. Meanwhile, kneeling by her smooth shoulders, Jadrik was holding the elf's sculpted face in his lap and slightly turned to the side, just at the right angle for her to gobble his rigid boner deep into her gullet. 

 A sheen of drooling spittle coated the warlock's cock as Laeny slid the soft seal of her cherry red lips up and down along his length, sloppily bobbing her head on his raging boner while he humped her throat with deliberate mouth-stuffing strokes. Despite the somewhat awkward position and the powerful cunt-plowing slams that jarred her delicate body, Jadrik was impressed by what a hungry, reckless deep-throating blowjob the huntress was giving him, and his growls of pleasure made his appreciation clear. 

 With his robust dickmeat sliding incessantly in and out of Laentharyel's delicious slit, Uli was having an amazing time too. Grunting lustfully, the dwarf rammed his thick tool as deep as possible into the elf's snug slippery folds while holding her long beautiful legs straight up, so that her tiny feet were pointing up at the clear blue sky as her toes curled and uncurled in time with the ebb and flow of her pleasure. 

 Grabbing hard onto her thin ankles with his big coarse hands, Uli planted an uninterrupted sequence of hungry nibbling kissing all along the smooth, soft skin of Laeny's shapely legs, tickling her with his mustache and beard in the process. That mix of pleasurable sensations coursing along her legs, on top of the incessant hammering that her pussy was getting from the warrior's fat meaty rod, was making the horny elf see stars. 

 Gushing all over his pistoning boner, Laeny's slick vaginal walls quivered erratically around the dwarf's wide cock, massaging him and clinging wetly to his girthy length at every plunge, causing deep rumbling growls of appreciation to erupt from his avidly smooching mouth in turn. 

 "Aahhh, Alefather bless ye, lassie... Ye're incredible!" Uli murmured dreamily as he kissed and licked the huntress's calves and slammed his rock-hard pole into her slit with boundless ardor, immersing himself balls-deep inside her syrupy sheath at each passionate, battering thrust. "Ye've got such a sweet, soft little snatch! So tight and wet!"

 With her mouth full of the warlock's shaft, Laentharyel couldn't do much but let out a long dick-muffled mewl of climax as she crested over. While her flowery girl-cum flowed copiously, bathing Uli's stiff cockmeat from tip to root in her love juices, the huntress's snug needy folds contracted warmly around the dwarf's relentless pussy-pleasing tool, squeezing him wonderfully and making him redouble his cunt-stretching efforts. 

 All through her orgasm, Jadrik kept humping the elf's face with abandon as she slobbered and gagged but refused to unclasp her cock-munching lips from his pulsing mouthful. The warlock was about to compliment Laeny for the quick improvements he was registering in her oral technique, when an unexpected sound was heard.

 "Jad!" Shayla shouted, her voice vibrant with urgency and excitement. "Here, catch this!"

 The warlock barely had the time to turn around and see the buxom wizardess approaching them and throwing a small object at him. Catching it as he moaned and kept plugging the lust-addled elf's mouth, Jadrik blinked in surprise as he realized what it was that he was unexpectedly holding in his hands. 

 As his adored slut sashayed into the clearing, swaying her juicy ass and puffing out her busty chest to make her spectacular tits even more prominent, the warlock spoke tentatively, genuinely surprised.

 "Uhm, Shay..." Jadrik said over the squishy gagging sounds coming from Laeny's dick-squeezing gullet. "Why did you just throw me a jar of lube?"

 Shayla chuckled and took off her azure tunic in response, remaining gloriously naked except for her knee-length leather boots. Jadrik panted and lost his throat-banging rhythm as he stared at the wizardess's gorgeous body, spellbound. Her huge jutting tits were jiggling mouth-wateringly in time with her breathing while her pose, with her hand resting on her side and her hip teasingly cocked, accentuated to the extreme the magnificent bouncy roundness of her plump bubble-butt. 

 "What kind of question is that, Jad?" the wizardess snickered, a warm sense of naughty pride buzzing inside her as she basked in the warlock's undisguised adoration for her sexy curves. "A devoted assfucker like you should know what his slut wants when she brings him the lube..."

 Jadrik's only reply was an excited laugh and a nod of true admiration toward his amazing, irreplaceable Shay. He almost told her that she needn't have bothered getting the ointment, since he kept a little jar of it in the pocket of his robes at all times just in case, but then he simply shook his head and shrugged, loving the way the day was turning out. 

 Without waiting a second more, Shayla pushed Jadrik back and away from Laeny's face, dislodging his boner from the slippery, constricting prison of her throat with a lewd wet plop. The huntress whimpered for a mere second because of that sudden deprivation, but the wizardess immediately placated her. 

 Turning away from Jadrik so that she was facing a grunting, snatch-pounding Uli, Shayla swiftly sat on Laeny's face and pressed her needy slit against the elf's sensuous lips. Though pussy-muffled, the blonde ranger's squealing moan was one of surprised joy as she shifted seamlessly from sucking cock to eating cunt with renewed enthusiasm.

 "Aahhh yeah, sweetie, that's great! Lick my pussy like that..." Shayla mumbled as she planted her knees firmly on either side of Laentharyel's head and pushed her fabulous ass up, wiggling it right in Jadrik's face. 

 "Come on, Jad," the raven-haired wizardess purred through gasps of delight, looking at the warlock over her shoulder with fire in her blue eyes, "grease me up and stick that big fat cock of yours up my tight little asshole. I want you to buttfuck me hard and deep."  

 "Yeah, absolutely!" the warlock exclaimed wholeheartedly, loving the commanding intensity of Shayla's anal lust. Then, managing to retain a shred of lucidity as he knelt behind the wizardess's majestic bubble-butt, he asked: "Not that I'm backing out, Shay, not at all but... Well, just out of curiosity: if you're here, who's distracting good old Al?"

 "That idiot!" Shayla barked in annoyance. 

 Sitting down harder on Laeny's face and grinding her swollen clit into the elf's talented mouth, trying to mitigate her anger through pleasure, the wizardess explained the situation between mewls and sighs. 

 "Stupid Al, I knocked him out when he yelled at me... Oohh yes, sweetie, lick me right there! I was just offering him some healing potions because, let's face it, we all know they'd do a better job on his acid burns from the troll's blood than his pathetic mending spells... Oohh yeah, eat me like that, Laeny, aahhh! So, I was helping him and trying to cure him but he got mad at me, that moron! He started one of his rants about how potions are evil and alchemy is heresy and he just kept acting like such a rude, stubborn jerk that uuhhh... I almost fireballed him, you know, but then I managed to calm down a bit... So I picked up his breastplate and I smashed it on his stupid head instead, and now he's out cold and here I am and... Aaahh yeees! That's great, sweetie, suck my clit uuhh... Oohh fuck yes, yeees, that's sooo good!" 

 "Ouch! A breastplate to the head'll knock ye right out and no mistake! That'll teach him, eh, lass?" Uli guffawed as he rammed his wide dick full-force into Laeny's soaked little slit.

 "Nice move indeed, Shay, that's my slut!" Jadrik concurred with a huge grin, fondling and caressing the wizardess's smooth fleshy buttcheeks all the while as she writhed in climax from the elf's exquisite clit-lapping efforts. "Alright then," the warlock snickered, "celebratory assfuck it is!"

 As Shayla panted and yelled out her assent, Jadrik parted her meaty buns to reveal the pink little rosebud of her asshole in all its beckoning, twitching cuteness. Unable to resist that alluring sight, the warlock instantly dipped his head down and buried his face in the lush, soft valley of his beloved slut's butt-cleavage, instantly starting to swipe his tongue all over her adorable tiny pucker. 

 Full-body shivers ran through Shayla's curvy body as Jadrik kissed and lapped and rimmed her winking asshole, making her shudder and moan with pleasure. Her reactions to his rimjob were intoxicatingly rewarding to the warlock and egged him on to lick Shayla's docile crinkled sphincter with increasing gusto. Jadrik was thrilled by the way his amazing slut convulsed in ecstasy under his analingual ministrations, and he absolutely loved the feel of her spit-drenched butthole spasming around his tongue, nibbling at him like a tiny hungry mouth begging to be fed and filled full of dickmeat.
