 Author's note: This is a work of fiction. All characters are eighteen years or older. This story features anal sex and group sex, so be warned in case you're not into that sort of stuff. Consider this just a silly, smutty parody of a few fantasy cliches. Don't expect epic tones or anything even vaguely resembling seriousness and you won't be disappointed when you don't find them! Enjoy!

This chapter picks up exactly where the previous one ended, so it's best to read that first.

***** 

On the other side of the room, standing right outside the section of the floor occupied by the teleporting pentagram into which the succubus had disappeared previously, a stockily built dwarf sporting a majestic double-braided red beard was holding his piercing gray eyes trained on the spooning, snuggling couple. 

"How've ye been, lass? Bet ye missed me, eh!"

Still as broad as he was tall, looking rock-solid and more formidable than ever despite not having any weapons or armor on him, Uli Uvnisson saluted the naked and very baffled wizardess with a quick nod of his head, greeting her as casually as if they had parted ways just the night before at the tavern, rather than three years earlier. 

As usual, the husky warrior wore his thick red hair tied up in a topknot, but he was wearing an uncharacteristically neat and almost elegant burnt orange shirt whose refined fabric seemed unfit to contain his barrel-like chest and his massive, powerfully muscled arms. Similarly, his neat black pants were clearly straining from the pressure of the bulky bulge tenting his crotch.

"Uli!?" Shayla shrieked, making a weak attempt at covering herself with the crumpled sheets but giving up instantly, realizing how ridiculous it was to act modest at that point and in the presence of the dwarf whose wide stone-hard cock she had enjoyed on more than one occasion. "How long have you been standing there peeping on us?!" 

"A good few minutes, lass. Nothing that I haven't seen before, though, ye know..." he guffawed, winking and raising his bushy eyebrows allusively.

"So, you just stood there and watched us?!" the wizardess exclaimed, affecting hurt dignity. 

In truth, as much as she tried to be angry, Shayla could clearly sense the familiar tingles of her long-dormant kinkiness resurfacing with a vengeance. No matter what she said, the wizardess couldn't help but feel turned on by the realization that the burly dwarf had just watched her getting royally assfucked by Jadrik, a show that Uli had often enjoyed during their adventuring days, most of the time taking part in the action as well.

"Aye, lass. I teleported in here and ye two were going at it like drunken halflings, so of course I watched yer sweet arse getting nicely buggered! And ye can see what that did to me," the dwarf jokingly grumbled. 

Rubbing his aching erection through his pants, Uli stomped toward the spooning couple. His thick, bushy red mustache wiggled as he smiled at the sight of the naked wizardess's tongue swiftly licking her lips while she stole a glance at his massive bulge.  

"Ye know, I didn't even pull it out to wank one off. Didn't want to ruin yer moment, so to speak. That's how respectful I am of young human love!" Uli concluded with a booming chuckle, actually meaning every word. 

Convinced that Shayla and Jadrik belonged together since he first saw them bickering and then making out passionately during the very first quest that the three of them had done as a group many years before, the dwarf was genuinely happy to see the warlock and the wizardess reunited. Catching them in bed together after their time apart wasn't much of a big deal for Uli. At four hundred and forty-eight years of age, he was still a spring chicken by dwarven standards, so to him the three years that his friends had spent away from each other counted like a mere handful of days in human terms.

The warlock was still torpid with post-orgasmic bliss as he peeked over the wizardess's smooth shoulder and distractedly acknowledged the dwarf's arrival. 

"Hey there, Uli," Jadrik yawned, still clutching onto Shayla's soft curvy body. The warlock kept smooching her delicate neck and caressing her big jutting tits as he lazily addressed the warrior: "You got the new hell-whore settled in alright, I'm sure?"

"Aye, and then some!" the dwarf grinned widely. Uli couldn't help but tug at his pant-clad boner as he recalled the hard fucking he had imparted to the new demoness's three holes before sending her to please the patrons and resuming his own usual responsible persona as the business-savvy manager of the Hellhole Brothel. 

"That's why I teleported back here, lad. We'll need more of them tailless succubi. Many, many more, and real soon. The customers were fighting for that new one and paying double to have her. Lots of gold in this new species ye found, lad, great job!" the dwarf concluded, rubbing his beefy hands together at the prospect of future profit. 

"What in the Thousand Hells?!" Shayla screamed, unnerved by the business conversation taking place while she still had Jadrik's cock jammed up her ass and now also Uli's bulging crotch hovering before her face. 

"Are you two seriously going to talk shop right now?" she demanded, glaring somewhat unconvincingly at the dwarf and then at the warlock, getting just amiable grins and shrugs in response. Not really sure what to say, feeling disturbingly excited as she continued eying Uli's tenting groin while Jadrik massaged her boobs and stirred his boner deep in her rectum, Shayla haltingly went on: "I mean... There's more important stuff to discuss! I came here because..."

"Right... And why is it that ye came back now of all times, lass?" Uli asked, furrowing his brow and crossing his powerful arms on his wide, puffed-out chest. As he stared unwaveringly at the gorgeous naked wizardess, the dwarf parted his legs and automatically assumed a steady battle stance, which only made his pant-clad erection even more evident. 

"Ye know, the lad here never really got ye outta his mind. Ye did quite a number on each other, ye two silly kids. I always thought ye were such a great couple, for humans anyway." 

Uli's half-stern and half-nostalgic tone gave Shayla pause. She knew that he had always been a big brother of sorts to Jadrik, who was an orphan, but during their adventures together the dwarf had grown on the wizardess too, becoming a kind of acquired relative to her as well. Uli's opinion mattered more to Shayla than she would ever openly admit, and hearing him talk so fondly about her relationship with Jadrik really got to her. Besides, despite her attempts at rationalizing the situation, she couldn't deny the ties of affection that bound her to the warlock, their perfect sexual compatibility being just a part of a deeper, true connection. 

Jadrik's smacking smooch on her cheek and his lovey voice sobered her up instantly as soon as he murmured: "Oh, but we're still a great couple! Aren't we, Shay?" 

"Whaaat!?" she exclaimed. "Jad, do you even remember why I came here in the first place?"

"Alas, I do..." he sighed theatrically. "All too well, yes, my sweet slut... I do remember." 

Shayla arched an eyebrow at that. Noticing the unmistakable tell-tale edge of self-congratulation in Jadrik's jokingly staged voice, Shayla knew that he was laughing inside. That seemed very suspicious, all things considered. He looked way less concerned than he should have been, given that she was engaged to someone else. His former anger and hurt appeared to be completely gone, replaced by lust and passion and desire for her. Still pondering, the wizardess lost her train of thought as soon as the warlock embraced her tighter and flexed his chubby boner deep inside her ass, wiping her brain clear and forcing a choked gasp of pleasure to escape her succulent lips. 

"So," Uli persisted, still standing firmly by the bed, "why exactly are ye here, lass?"

Exhaling in resignation, Shayla told Uli what she had already told Jadrik, revealing that she was getting married and that she needed help to free her fiance from an oath so that he could be allowed to profess his wedding vows. It felt wrong to say all of that out loud, especially while lying naked in Jadrik's bed, snuggled in his embrace and with his big cock wedged in her ass, but that wrongness, weirdly enough, came from neither guilt nor shame. Her discomfort, Shayla realized, was rooted in something else, something that the warlock had pointed out earlier and that suddenly, as she heard herself talking to Uli, made perfect sense to her too. 

'Seriously,' the wizardess couldn't help but wonder, 'why am I even getting married at all?'

For three years, Shayla had let things happen, being uncharacteristically diplomatic about everything her family had her do. It had seemed best to just go along with all the things that her father and mother had planned out for her. She had been so determined to distance herself from her reckless past that she had resignedly agreed to meet and then date and eventually get engaged to Aldarius. She couldn't say that she was happy with any of that, but, despite her constant doubts, she never managed to find the motivation to defy the apparent inevitability of day-to-day life. Needless to say, reuniting with Jadrik had changed all of that in a heartbeat. 

The warlock had been absolutely right when he said that her true self was something entirely different from the facade she was trying to maintain. It was undeniable that, as Jadrik had vehemently reminded her, deep down she was wild and passionate and, yes, slutty too. In truth, Shayla loved being that way. The hundreds of sensible reasons that she had given herself to settle down and get a respectable husband and be a well-adjusted mage at the Imperial University seemed like someone else's thoughts all of a sudden, as if her mind had just become sharp and clear and focused again for the first time in years. 

"Ach lass... Ye got yerself engaged to a paladin?!" Uli grumbled loudly in bafflement, breaking Shayla's glum reverie. 

There was more than a hint of honest concern underneath the dwarf's perplexity. Cupping her delicate chin in his thick stubby fingers, the bearded warrior looked the wizardess in the eye, slowly saying: "What in the Alefather's name happened to ye while uncle Uli wasn't watching yer back, lass?" 

His gruff yet sympathetic tone made Shayla sigh and shake her head dejectedly. Meeting the dwarf's unflinching steely stare, she gave her sincere answer. 

"I don't know, Uli. I was just... I thought that... Oh, I don't know... I just don't know."

"Well, ye can relax now, lass," the dwarf said, patting the wizardess's soft oval face with his big, coarse hand. "Ye did good coming to us. Whatever ye need, we're gonna help ye."

Exhaling, letting herself go completely while a familiar sense of comforting warmth enveloped her, Shayla closed her eyes again. No matter what was going to happen, or what she had let happen when she was on her own, she wasn't alone anymore. She was with the people who truly knew her, those who had shared so much with her and who knew how to make her feel good, in every way. And, most importantly, she was herself again. 

As the dwarf stroked her cheeks and chin, Shayla relaxed and smiled, shivering with rekindled arousal under that firm, virile touch. Cooing, safely snuggled in Jadrik's comforting embrace, the wizardess rocked back, pushing her plump cock-plugged ass firmly into the warlock's groin, stirring her rectum with his fully sheathed boner. 

While Jadrik held her tightly and tweaked her sensitive nipples, smooching her shoulders and neck as he gently started humping his length into her seed-slippery rectum, Shayla couldn't help but purr huskily, a growing wave of sensual heat already bubbling inside her. A delicious shiver of excitement ran dawn her spine when one of Uli's strong hands stopped caressing her face and reached lower to cup her warm, soft pussy mound. As the dwarf rested two thick digits on her drenched slit and started tracing his calloused fingertips slowly along her swollen nectar-glinting labia, the wizardess couldn't help but squirm and yelp out her delight. 

Enjoying the butt-filling presence of Jadrik's cock in her ass and Uli's titillating manipulations on her clit and pussy lips, Shayla kept her eyes closed and focused fully on the sizzling sensations caused by the multiple attentions she was receiving. Soon, unbidden moans of pleasure erupted from her slack mouth. 

The wizardess was melting inside as Uli's coarse yet expert fingers kept playing teasingly with her tender slit, toying with her dewy folds and stimulating her engorged nub until she was writhing under his touch. At the same time, her head was spinning as Jadrik spooned her more firmly, holding her by her huge jutting tits while he gently but persistently sawed his recuperated boner in and out of her cum-slick asshole. 

Feeling something hot and hefty brushing on her cheek, Shayla finally opened her eyes. At the sight of Uli's massively erect and obscenely girthy cock flexing right in her face, she couldn't help but coo excitedly. 

Helplessly drowning in desire, groaning as Jadrik bucked his sperm-lubricated boner deep inside her rectum, the wizardess wrapped her slender, elegant fingers around the extra-large base of Uli's pole and gave it a few intense pumps. A huge shiny dollop of pre-cum appeared on the dwarf's bloated purple glans as his shaft pulsed in Shayla's slowly jacking hand. The irrepressible need to savor that clear drop of cock-juice and coax another tastier, denser cream from that powerful slab of dickmeat tore the wizardess's already limited reservoir of restraint to shred. 

Flicking her tongue all along the underside of Uli's veiny tool before finally retrieving the precious drop of runny pre-cum with a contented slurp, Shayla looked up into the warrior's piercing gray eyes as she spoke.

"You want me to suck you off, you dirty old dwarf? Is that what you want, uh?" she asked sultrily, knowing she would do it even if, absurdly, Uli was to say no. 

"Ye know I do, lass!" Uli guffawed. "But I ain't old, I'm just four hundred and fou-ooh-oowwhh..." 

The dwarf's words died on his mustache-covered lips, turning into a guttural grunt as Shayla hungrily took his huge bulbous cockhead into her wet oral cavity and started sucking aggressively on him. 

"Good girl," Jadrik whispered in Shayla's ear, nibbling her neck as he rammed his boner hard and deep into her exquisite seed-slippery asshole, making her voluptuous frame shake and causing her to groan around Uli's thickness. "That's my dirty little slut. Take that fat dwarven dick all the way down your throat..." Jadrik encouraged the wizardess as she forced herself to take more of the burly warrior's mighty tool into her gullet, spluttering and drooling all over it in the process.

Even though she had managed to engulf Uli's monstrously wide glans and a few inches of his large shaft into her mouth with relative ease, Shayla was unable to cram any more of the dwarf's robust cock any deeper down her throat. Uli's dick wasn't as long as Jadrik's, but it was much thicker around. The fact that Shayla had given the dwarf lots of blowjobs in the past should have made the lewd challenge of taking Uli all the way into her gullet very easy, but her position, lying on her side with her head slightly bent, was far from ideal for the task, no matter how much she attempted to better align his pole using her hands.

Noticing Shayla's slutty disappointment as she gagged and choked but failed to fit Uli's large shaft completely inside her mouth, Jadrik buried his boner to the hilt in her warm dick-squeezing rectum and dragged her voluptuous body up with him as he rolled and moved. Shifting and adjusting, Jadrik repositioned the two of them so that he was sitting up on the bed with Shayla straddling him. While her ass remained firmly impaled on the warlock's cock and her arched back still brushed against his slim chest, the wizardess now faced the dwarf openly, granting him complete access to her talented mouth. 

In that new position, finally able to work her jaw better and push her face lewdly further down Uli's wide mouth-stuffing rod, Shayla swiftly managed to slide her obscenely outstretched lips all the way over that rigid, spittle-glistening shaft. A choking, spluttering slurp of lewd contentment marked the moment when the wizardess felt the dwarf's huge cum-filled balls bumping against her chin. 

With the big spongy tip of Uli's massive length poking as deep as it would go into her throat, gagging and drooling profusely, Shayla couldn't help but feel a sense of naughty pride warming her inside. Not many human women possessed the slutty fellating skills to deep-throat a large dwarven cock, but she definitely did. A quick orgasm brought by a whirl of the warrior's thick clit-strumming digits was her immediate reward, soon followed by the warlock's murmured praise.

"Yeah, like that. That's my slut," Jadrik purred into her ear, grinning and wrapping his arms around Shayla's soft cute tummy, lovingly caressing her smooth skin. As she started to bob her head on Uli's stiff meat, the warlock kept egging her on, knowing that she would be excited by his words.

"That's right... Now suck that cock, my sweet slut... Suck him off good while I fuck your fabulous ass..."

To the wet slurping sound of her avid blowjob, Jadrik humped his cock firmly upward into Shayla's buttery bowels, guiding her up and down on his spearing shaft as she rocked her plump dick-skewered bubble-butt on his lap. The warlock couldn't stop staring at her tender, dilated pink sphincter sliding up and down along his length as Shayla started undulating her glorious ass in time with his sodomizing tempo, trying to match his bucking thrusts. As Uli began lustfully ramming his extra large pole into her stretched out, spittle-drooling mouth, the warlock whispered again into the wizardess's ear. 

"I'd really love to see you bounce this beautiful ass of yours on my cock while Uli fucks your throat. Think you can do that, Shay?" he teased, smooching her sweat-salty shoulder as she purred sloppily around the dwarf's girthy tool. "Come on, my slut. Fuck your own little asshole on my big cock." 

Moaning wetly as she slurped on the dwarf's throat-clogging dick, Shayla squeezed Jadrik's butt-cramming shaft within her twitching anus in assent and swiftly did as she was told, loving Jadrik's kinkiness and her own restored sluttiness. 

Lifting her sumptuous rump off his lap and then letting herself plummet down, the wizardess repeatedly engulfed the warlock's ass-stuffing hardness balls-deep inside her rectum, impaling herself on his rigid boner over and over again. The sound of her round jiggly buttcheeks meeting his groin with clap after lewd fleshy clap went straight to Jadrik's head, egging him on to pump his dick harder into the slippery snugness of Shayla's steamy anus, making her shiver with delight while she cooed and slobbered around Uli's mouth-stretching thickness. 

As she worked her plump juicy ass ever more actively up and down on his raging dick, the wizardess's head spun from the heady, pleasure-husky echoes of Jadrik's voice murmuring incessantly into her ear. 

"Aaah, you're such an amazing buttslut, Shay... My sweet slut has the hottest, tightest little asshole ever, oohh fuck... Bounce that beautiful ass on my cock, slut... Fuck yeaaahh, like that, Shay... Good girl..." 

Shayla was high on those lewd praises. Jadrik's words added a further delicious layer of naughtiness to the exhilaration of what she was doing, and she loved every minute. Bouncing away like a madwoman, riding the warlock's cock with her ass and choking on the dwarf's meaty face-humping boner while his stumpy fingers diddled her pussy, the wizardess felt incredibly good, and not just because of the string of mini-orgasms radiating for her well-rubbed clit and dick-jammed rectum. 
