 What Happened at the Warehouse Office One Friday Evening (Part II)

Kristina waved as her secretary, Jennifer headed out the door. It was Friday afternoon and Kristina was the only one still at the office warehouse she managed. She still had work to do and there would be a couple more drivers needing to sign special papers on the shipments they were picking up. She sighed and headed back down the hallway from the front room to her office. It was 4pm and she had a good hour and a half to get more work done before the last of the drivers arrived.

Kristina was 27 now and had changed quite a bit since the wild experience of her 22nd birthday. She had finished college with an MBA and now her ambitions had driven her farther than she thought she would ever go. Her position at the Apexco warehouse was just a few steps from being a full complex manager; a position many thought she would eventually attain. In her spare time, she worked out and did yoga and her body was toned and fit. After her first big promotion last year she had gotten breast implants and she now sported very full, firm D-cups. In her family's opinion, she was a different person entirely: ambitious and disciplined, a far cry from the pouty little girl she was just five years ago.

As Kristina walked down the hall she felt again the discomfort of her clothes. Because of a mix-up at the cleaner's she hadn't gotten the outfit she had wanted to wear today. Instead she was stuck with a grey skirt and a black button-down blouse which were both too small for her. A friend had given them to her, mistaking her size. To make them wearable, Kristina had had to remove the waistband from the skirt and modify to it fit her round full hips. The blouse had to be worn with a thin padding secured over her breasts to keep her prominent nipples from showing through the material. She couldn't wear either a bra or panties lest they show through the tight material.

"I should have borrowed an outfit from Terry," she grumbled to herself, "she's my size." Kristina was used to wearing tight professional outfits to show off her figure. She did it as a way of demonstrating her ambition: that she could keep a figure that looked awesome.

"Just two more hours and I can get out of this goddamned straight jacket. I can't even walk right in it."

She hurried down the hall to her office and sat down at her desk to work. As she worked over the next hour and a half Kristina began to feel an odd sensation come over her body. It came in waves and alternated between flashes of mild warmth and a tingling sensation on her skin. It was odd but subtle enough that she didn't pay much attention to it.

The sensation seemed to be building as time passed. There started to be a low tension in her stomach that was like butterflies. Kristina dismissed it again thinking that it was probably just the tightness of her clothes. 

Around five o'clock Kristina began to feel the tension in her stomach dropping slowly towards her loins. The feeling was not comfortable and she thought she would need to go to the bathroom soon. This feeling caught her attention slightly as she worked, causing her to forget about the growing tingling sensation on her skin. Thus, she missed the subtle agitation working its way into the erogenous areas of her groin and legs.

Kristina's skirt had worked its way up her thighs as she sat and she found that she was sitting with her back arched towards the desk and her bottom pushed back against the seat. 

"How did I get in this position?" she thought absently. 

When she raised up to adjust her skirt she found to her surprise that it had worked up much higher than she had thought. As she pulled the skirt down to its correct position, the material dragged across her vagina sending a burst of warmth through her loins.

"Damn it, how can I be getting horny?" Kristina said out loud, her voice full of annoyance. 

She sat down again uncomfortably, hating the outfit more than ever. The tingling in her vagina remained after she sat down. 

"I'm almost finished with this and then I can get to the bathroom," she assured herself. 

But her arousal continued to build as she worked. She had just finished her last task when, at about 5:25pm, she heard someone come in the front door of the office and she knew that it must be the first driver.

Kristina got up and went to meet him and begin processing the paperwork. "It'll be over soon enough," she said to herself again. 

As she walked down the hall, she noticed that though there was still an uncomfortable tightness in her outfit, she also felt every movement increasing her arousal. The material of her outfit seemed to agitate and massage her skin as she walked. Her vagina twitched in response to the sensation and she unconsciously began to pinch her legs together.

Kristina reached the front room and began working through the papers with the driver, a thin, scruffy looking guy. She started to get an uncomfortable feeling that she knew him from somewhere but couldn't place it. 

She was about to ask if they had met before, but her arousal suddenly seemed to reach deep into her stomach and connect with the tension there to form one unified symphony of sexual pressure on her body. 

"I wish I could get to the bathroom. But I don't want to stop now. I'll just get this over with," she thought resolutely.

Kristina and the driver continued to process and organize the paperwork on a long table in the front room. It seemed to be taking forever. The driver was in no hurry and Kristina started to be impatient. 

It was getting more and more uncomfortable to move around and every time Kristina moved her legs her vagina lurched and tingled with anticipation. There was actually starting to be a feeling of pressure inside her vagina and soon it felt like she needed to urinate. 

"I've got to get out of this damned outfit," she thought.

But the minutes dragged on. Then another driver came in and stood apart from the two of them. "He only needs my signature. That'll be over quick enough," she thought.

At one point Kristina took a clipboard from the first driver and turned around to organize the papers on the table when her inner thighs brushed together sending a burst of raw sexual pain shooting straight up into her gut. She almost visibly convulsed, but caught herself, keeping her posture strong and erect as if nothing were wrong.

"What the hell is this?" she thought angrily to herself, "can't I keep it together at all? Maybe I can just excuse myself a minute and use the bathroom." 

But just as she was about to excuse herself the first driver handed her another stack of papers. "One more after this and we'll be done," she thought sighing loudly with growing impatience.

The driver took no notice of her and continued working. He hadn't said a word since he'd entered the building. He just kept looking through papers and making notes and signing things. The second driver merely stood quietly and patiently waiting about five feet away.

Kristina's vagina was now throbbing slowly. Each rhythmic pulse brought a surge of pressure and sexual thrill to her loins. The urge to urinate was mixed with deep shocks of arousal and sexual pressure that went all the way into her belly. She wanted so badly just to get to the bathroom and pee, but the driver now seemed to be moving slower than ever. 

"How can he be this slow? I swear I'm going to complain to his company about this," she thought angrily.

The throbbing in Kristina's loins began to become more and more frequent until she felt like there were a million butterflies in her stomach and they were all about to burst out of her vagina. She started to lose her concentration, but was suddenly brought back by the voice of the first driver, "Where's the item number on this one?"

She quickly took the clipboard and filled in the item number thinking, "OK, just hang in there Kris. It's the last one." 

But just as she was about to hand the clipboard back to the driver he quickly reached over and snatched it from her grasp. Before Kristina could react, the clipboard caught on a button at the base of her blouse and as the driver pulled the clipboard back towards himself the clipboard pulled ferociously on the blouse.

To Kristina's horror, every single button on the front of her tight blouse burst off and went flying in every direction. Her pad fell to the floor and her large firm breasts popped out in front of her as her blouse opened wide. 

Until now Kristina hadn't felt much stimulation in her breasts as the pad kept them somewhat protected, but now the very movement sent warm sensual waves of distracting pleasure over her chest.

Kristina instantly began to struggle to close her ruined blouse. But every time she tried she succeeded only in pushing her enormous boobs up and out, making the super erect nipples even more visible. Her struggle to conceal her chest appeared increasingly hopeless and it occurred to Kristina that perhaps her implants had made her breasts too big. 

The throbbing of her vagina now melded seamlessly with the stimulation of her boobs. As she struggled they shook and quivered and she felt the nipples agitated unbearably. It was as if she were bringing herself to a climax just by moving.

Kristina whirled to face away from the two men, thinking that she would simply leave the room. But as she did she wobbled on her high heels and began to lose her balance. As she leaned forward to right herself she heard a sudden ripping sound and felt the breeze on her backside as her skirt ripped clean up the back fell to the floor in front of her. As her ankles continued to flop this way and that, Kristina heaved towards the table to steady herself, but too late she realized that she had leaned too far forwards.

Kristina now tumbled forward taking the table over backwards and spilling papers all across the room. For one precarious moment she was tipped upside down in the air. Her thoughts returned for a brief instant and she was struck with the horror of being somehow stripped naked in front of two men. 

"How is this possible? This can't be happening! That stupid outfit!" she screamed inwardly and then rolled backwards and landed against the opposite wall of the room upside down with her totally nude ass pointing straight up at the ceiling.

As Kristina's bare rump slammed against the wall, a wave of pressure ripped through her from her ass to her stomach. She felt like a balloon about to burst. Then to her horror, Kristina felt the unmistakable surge of energy she was accustomed to feeling when she masturbated just before she reached a climax. 

Her pussy now tingled unbearably though nothing was touching it. The surge abated slightly and seemed to be waiting. Kristina realized with horror that if anything so much as touched her aching, throbbing pussy, she would climax right there in the office in front of the two drivers.

She held her body erect and tense. Her legs were in an upside down V shape and she held them as far apart as possible so that they wouldn't come close to her swollen vagina. 

Her clitoris had swelled up enormously and now pointed accusingly at her face. Each time she quivered slightly a shock of sexual tension rippled through her super sensitive flesh. She could see her labia parting and feel the breeze inside her body.

Kristina also became aware that her huge rigid breasts were still extremely sensitive. They had fallen on either side of her head and the nipples were buried in her hair. If she shifted even slightly the sensitive areolas and hardened nipples brushed against her hair sending unbearable thrills over her flushed chest.

"Oh God," she thought over and over. "If I move even a little I'll cum right here! How the fuck can this be happening? How is this even possible? This is not right! My body doesn't do this!" she cried out inwardly, "Thank God, I do yoga or my legs would never flex this far apart."

Kristina's eyes were mostly covered by her hair, but she could still see a little. Out of the corner of her eye she saw movement and rolled her eyes back to look. She saw the first driver walking around the fallen table with the clipboard that he had used so nonchalantly to expose and upend her. 

For a second she saw his face and realized with the worst flood of horror yet who he was. Kristina recognized the face of the strange man who had so mysteriously seduced her on her 22nd birthday.

Dread washed over her and she struggled furiously to hold her posture as a terrible impending sense of doom descended on her. The knot in her stomach felt like a burning hot ice pick. "Oh no," she thought, "oh no, oh no, no, no, no, no." The man bent down and Kristina heard a clipboard drop to the floor.

Alarms were screaming in Kristina's head now and she felt the man come close to her. "Oh, no. What are you doing? What the fuck is this? What the fuck is going on?" she cried, her eyes open wider than ever in her panic. 

Just then she saw the man's hand dart over her face towards her bare, aching loins. Kristina became frantic now, wanting to cry out, but only able to inside her head, "Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh noooooooo!" as she saw his outstretched finger dart straight at her rigid, swollen clitoris.

The motion was swift and gentle, but just enough. Kristina knew she was finished as she felt his finger gently flick her bulging, aching clit downwards at her belly. His hand darted away as Kristina felt the brief quiver of her agitated clit erupt outward into her swollen, wet vagina and thunder across her loins. As she completely lost control she let out a long strangled cry.

Kristina's whole body convulsed as waves of forced sexual pleasure burst out from her vagina. As her pussy lips violently contracted, a huge jet of cum shot out down the length of her body. Her face was splattered and she tasted some of it in her mouth. It was thick and sticky and the odor of her sex filled her nostrils.

Convulsions of unwanted sexual pleasure repeatedly ravished Kristina's helpless exposed body. Her thick, odorous sex juice continued to splurt all over her bare flesh. Her nipples were now tickled mercilessly by her hair and she felt her enormous flesh mounds jiggle against her face with each tormented contraction. 

"Oh, God, it hurts and feels good at the same time!" she screamed aloud in her mind.

This sudden admission was the first time that Kristina had admitted to herself that she wanted to experience the pleasure building within her body. Until now she had maintained rigid professional focus, but this sudden exclamation broke her last defenses. 

Slowly, with each repeated convulsion, Kristina surrendered to the waves of womanly pleasure engulfing her. She began to relish every slowing contraction of her engorged pussy and the taste of her sex cream seemed heavenly.

Kristina's contractions finally slowed and she began to relax her body. She had given herself up to the pleasure and had simply accepted it. A single thought drifted across her mind: "I busted my lady nut..." 

After that she had no more thoughts. In her mind she only knew that she had had a huge bare-assed orgasm and she would now lie here in this ridiculous pose. It seemed the most natural thing in the world.

Kristina was barely aware of the clatter of a clipboard beside her and a muffled voice before she sank down into sleep. As she drifted off she felt a pressure in her rectum and then a big airy fart erupted from her anus. A last fleeting thought came to her, "Oops."