 Author's note: This is a work of fiction. All characters are eighteen years or older. This story features anal sex and group sex, so be warned in case you're not into that sort of stuff. Consider this just a silly, smutty parody of a few fantasy cliches. Don't expect epic tones or anything even vaguely resembling seriousness and you won't be disappointed when you don't find them! Enjoy!

This chapter picks up exactly where the previous one ended, so it's best to read that first.

***** 

The wizardess's mind was made up when Uli cleared his throat and asked the question again, to make sure. His voice was hoarse with arousal, clearly showing that he wished for just one specific answer as he slowly rumbled: "Are ye really up for a double fuck, lass?" 

"Yes, I am," Shayla sultrily replied. "Let's do it!"

Shifting and wiggling her sumptuous bubble-butt until Jadrik's boner slipped out of her cum-slick rectum, Shayla disentangled herself from the warlock's embrace and stood on her knees on the bed. 

"Uli," she declared, taking charge, "you'll do my pussy and Jad will do my ass. Now, let go of that skinny little bitch and get over here. I want you lying on your back so Jad can buttfuck me from behind," the wizardess directed, her heart beating crazily while her pussy drooled with arousal and her gaping, seed-coated asshole twitched with anticipation. 

Wasting no time, the dwarf lifted Miry's lithe limp body all the way up and off his ass-splitting boner. The pleasure-wasted girl squealed in disappointment when Uli's bulbous cockhead exited her overstretched sphincter with a lewd pop. As the dwarf settled her slack frame down on the chair, the innkeeper's daughter tried to protest and demand to get her asshole crammed full of his fat dickmeat again, but she was just too fucked out to do anything but whimper some unintelligible nonsense. 

Uli took one final look at the panting tavern girl and gloried in the sight of her reddened, obscenely dilated anus, then he turned around and stomped straight to the bed, his massive cock wagging before him and the thick red braids of his beard swinging away with each step. The dwarf barely had the time to climb into bed and lie on his back before Shayla straddled him. Her deep blue eyes were glazed over with desire and her huge jutting tits wobbled deliciously as she sat on him, positioning her crotch over Uli's groin. 

With her knees firmly buried in the crumpled sheets on either side of the dwarf and a hand resting on his barrel-like chest, the horny wizardess reached for Uli's thick pole and pointed it straight up, so that his bloated purple glans was aimed at her leaking, splayed open pussy lips. Humming huskily, she guided his cockhead to her slit, nestling his broad tip between her wet swollen folds. As the dwarf's robust boner throbbed at the entrance of her needy cunt and his beefy hands grabbed her firmly by her round feminine hips, Shayla turned to look over her shoulder at Jadrik. 

"Wait until I tell you I'm ready, Jad," she instructed, glad to notice that the warlock was applying more lubricating salve to his already slippery, seed-glossy erection. "And even when you're in, don't move until I say so. I mean it," Shayla warned, "if you end up hurting me you might as well just rip me apart completely and leave me dead here, because I'll just fireball you to ashes if I survive. That goes for you too," she added, staring down sternly at Uli, who just nodded and grunted his assent while feasting his eyes on her big bulging tits.

"Don't worry, Shay," Jadrik said, knee-walking closer behind the wizardess and caressing her glorious round rump, "you say the word and we'll stop. I would never hurt my adored nasty slut," he concluded, kissing her neck, "not even if you asked me. Well, maybe if you ask me, possibly, but we should at least decide a safe word if we're going down that road..."

Shaking her head as she smiled sexily at the grinning warlock, Shayla let out a chuckle and took a deep breath. "Alright," she murmured as she lowered herself down, letting the big spongy tip of Uli's cock push into her nectar-dribbling slit, "here goes..."

Sopping wet and aroused as she was, Shayla didn't have much trouble taking Uli's fat glans into her pussy. His bulbous knob parted her dewy folds with relative ease as it wedged itself past the entrance of her steamy slit, making the wizardess gasp. The feel of the dwarf's huge girth widening her slippery vaginal walls and pulsing inside her soft opening sent a shiver up her spine. His cock felt massively broad, almost terrifyingly so, but she knew she could take more of it. 

A long, husky moan escaped her tumid lips as Shayla gently descended down on the warrior's pole, sliding her drenched pussy gradually lower, forcing his meaty column deeper into her welcoming, needy hole. Slowly but surely, the wizardess took inch after thick inch of Uli's extra large tool inside her hot honey pot, letting him open up her silky weeping walls as his wide glans pushed further up into her fiery core. Shayla groaned deep in her throat when, finally, her drooling labia met the dwarf's groin and his thick shaft was completely enveloped within her sodden, quivering pussy. 

"Ahhh lass, yer cunt is so damn nice and tight!" Uli grunted, basking in the moist caress of the wizardess's juicy hole. "And ye're so wet, always so wet... That's what I like most about yer lovely snatch!"

"Just uuhh... Just shut up and suck my tits," Shayla moaned, leaning down and planting her hands on the headboard, thus squashing Uli's face between her huge dangling boobs. 

Unable and unwilling to talk with his mouth suddenly full of soft, smooth tit-flesh, the dwarf put his lips and tongue to good use. Diving deeper into Shayla's buxom cleavage, Uli devoured the wizardess's jugs like a starved animal, licking and nibbling all over her amazing boobs without restraint, tickling and teasing her flawless, sensitive skin with his mustache and beard all the while. 

Moaning as her puffy nipples got sucked and kissed with gusto, Shayla rocked slowly on the dwarf's pussy-plugging cock, grinding lasciviously and keeping her engorged clit in constant contact with his groin, thus rubbing her sensitive nub in time with her sensuous motions. Purring in enjoyment as she reacquainted herself with the mighty girth and rock-solid feel of Uli's cock stuffed balls-deep inside her slit, the wizardess also joyously savored Jadrik's adoring touch on her ass. 

His kneading, soothing caresses and the way his fingers occasionally grasped and dug into her soft plump buttcheeks confirmed once more to Shayla how much Jadrik loved her ass. That knowledge was so weirdly empowering, it never failed to make her feel good and hot and beautiful. What felt even better though was the certainty that the warlock was just as crazy as she was about what they were doing. 

Acting like a total slut and having no restraints in bed was something that Shayla craved and reveled in, but her pleasure was multiplied tenfold by the awareness that her lover liked and encouraged that naughty, whorish side of her personality. She loved to know that the warlock was watching her with undivided attention, waiting behind her and wanting nothing but to be allowed inside her gorgeous body through her tiniest, tightest, most intimate hole. 

Thriving on the sensation of Jadrik's eyes and hands feasting on her luscious body, Shayla started moving on Uli's massive pole. Moaning as her vaginal walls clung snugly to his thick dwarven rod, the wizardess carefully slid her pussy up and down on the warrior's cock while he slurped away on her big, heavy tits. 

It didn't take long for Shayla to get used to having her soft honey pot jammed full of the dwarf's beefy erection. Once she felt that her pussy was sufficiently adjusted to his imposing presence, she started riding Uli's wide boner with abandon. Encouraged by her moans and purrs, the jug-munching warrior started pumping his thick tool up into her nectar-soaked hole with firm and deep bucking thrusts. Gasping and squirming with pleasure, Shayla responded by bouncing wildly on him, slamming her slit recklessly on Uli's fat cockmeat at each cunt-stuffing pass.

In truth, that huge dick filling her dripping pussy only made Shayla hornier and hungrier for more. It was deliciously torturous to tease both herself and the warlock by delaying things, but soon it became impossible to stall anymore. With one last plunging bounce, she sat firmly on Uli's pole, burying his large dick to the hilt inside her hot, leaking slit. Signaling the dwarf to just lie still, the wizardess turned her head to look at Jadrik over her shoulder. 

She was panting with need, her mouth was open and her lips were lusciously swollen. A few long jet-black strands of hair had escaped her ponytail and were clinging to her flushed face. Her voice was thick with pure lust when she spoke.

"Do it, Jad..." Shayla muttered, looking him in the eye, pleading and demanding at the same time. "Put it in my ass. I need to feel you deep inside me, I need your cock so badly!"

With his feet firmly planted on the bed, the warlock nodded and smiled as he straddled Shayla's magnificent bubble-butt. Shaking with excitement as he crouched over the plump juicy rump that he loved so much, Jadrik parted the wizardess's fleshy round asscheeks wide open and aligned his raging erection with her slick winking rosebud. 

The warlock's rigid cock flexed with joy at the sight of Shayla's cute little sphincter. Her asshole wasn't gaping anymore, but, after the long bout of sodomy it had already endured, it hadn't shrunk completely closed just yet. Jadrik was glad to notice how her tiny pink pucker was abundantly smeared with the overflowing pearly load that he had previously pumped into her rectum and that was still slowly trickling out of her, making her pouty butthole and ass-crevice all cum-slick and glistening.

As he nudged his lube-lathered glans against her twitching slippery orifice, wedging the very tip of his cockhead into her barely open butt-ring, Jadrik leaned down and whispered into Shayla's ear. 

"I fucking love you, my sexy beautiful slut."

The wizardess's heart skipped a beat at those words, goose bumps covering her whole curvy body. Her well-sucked nipples sent sparks of delight straight to her groin and her drooling, dick-crammed pussy suddenly pulsed around Uli's thickness, gushing on his groin as a swift sneaky climax overtook her gorgeous frame. It was through that unexpected haze of pleasure that Shayla felt her pliant asshole stretching meekly and blossoming out around the slick tip of Jadrik's cock as he penetrated her anus, filling her tight little hole with his hard meat. 

"Uuuhh! Ooohh fuck!" the wizardess whimpered as that second big cock entered her body through her delicate, tiny backdoor. 

Jadrik moaned too. As snug as Shayla's butthole normally was, the presence of a robust dwarven tool jammed inside her pussy made her anal passage even tighter. 

With the whole tip plus a mere inch of the warlock's boner wedged firmly into her oily asshole, Shayla already felt completely stuffed. A cold shadow of uncertainty gripped her and she was suddenly hit by a rush of panic that turned the rising pleasure of having both holes stuffed with cock into a painful cramping sensation. Fearing that she was about to be ripped apart and that her body wouldn't be able to handle those two massive dicks, the wizardess screamed out.

"Stop! Oohhh stop, Jaaad! Stop, pleeeease!"

The words weren't even out of her mouth when Jadrik arrested his progress inside her insanely tight anus. He knew he'd have to wait a bit, but he didn't mind. He didn't want to hurt his adored slut, not after she had consented to this insanely erotic act. Besides, even if he wanted to, he simply couldn't have advanced deeper into her asshole another inch, not until she relaxed completely and allowed her body to accept the presence of two cocks inside her.

"Shh easy, my sweet slut, easy... It's alright, I won't move. Everything's fine, Shay, take your time. Just breathe deep and don't worry," Jadrik gently whispered into the panting wizardess's ear. "I'll wait, no matter how long you need. I'd never hurt my slut's cute little asshole, you know that." 

Peppering Shayla's neck and shoulders with tender butterfly kisses and devotedly caressing her spectacular bubble-butt as he soothed her with his murmurs, the warlock held perfectly still as he was, crouched over her ass and with his cockhead gripped inside her cramping, extra tight butt-ring. 

"Try to relax, Shay, you'll be fine. Trust me, I know you can do this. Don't be scared if it feels weird, my sweet slut. Just breathe and relax. Yeah, like that... We'll wait until you're ready, isn't that right, Uli?" 

"Mmphh mpphff!" the dwarf replied through the heavenly prison of tit-flesh trapping his face.

"See, it's alright. Just relax now, Shay. Deep breaths, yes, like that. Good girl..." Jadrik said between soft kisses on the wizardess's arched back, willing to wait for as long as she needed. 

Suspended between discomfort and delight, Shayla could do nothing but gasp and pant in reply to the warlock's soft, pacifying and encouraging words. His voice was calming her a bit, but her heart was still pounding in her ears and her mind was overrun by mixed signals coming from her pussy, her asshole, her tits and her clit, all clashing together and making no sense at all. 

No matter how many times Jadrik had buttfucked her, she was suddenly sure that her asshole had become several sizes smaller than it used to be, making the idea of taking the warlock's big cock up her butt absolutely impossible. At the same time, she could swear that Uli's girthy boner had grown even larger within her pussy, widening her silky slit to new dimensions. At least the sweet stimulation of her engorged clit pressing against the dwarf's pubic bone remained unchanged, causing persistent wavelets of thrumming delight to ripple outward, mitigating her discomfort a bit.

Trying to calm down, knowing that she could do it and reassured by Jadrik's touch and words and mere presence behind her, the wizardess appealed to her mental training in the magical arts to discipline the maelstrom of emotions raging inside her and maybe settle her spinning head somehow. Soon, focusing and breathing deeply, Shayla recognized an intense undercurrent of pure physical joy running underneath the choppy waters of her fear and resistance and discomfort. Willing herself to dive into that warm, heady stream of bliss, the wizardess managed to tap into the sizzling, chaotic ecstasy that her body was registering while both her holes were being penetrated. 

Straining to keep her breathing steady, Shayla drew upon that raging torrent of animalistic delight. As she focused better on the undeniable stream of pleasure coursing through her doubly invaded body, the pain and fear started to dissipate, until her blinding panic was gone. Slowly, she started feeling calm again. Her muscles unclenched and her body was bathed in that delightful current of wild warming sensuality as Shayla surrendered herself to the promise of an even stronger, deeper pleasure waiting for her, beckoning invitingly and almost within reach.

"Uuhh... Ooohh, Jad! I think I'm uuuhh... I'm ready... Keep sucking my tits like that, Uli, but don't move your cock yet... Oohh yeees, bite my nipples... Aahhh!" Shayla managed to say after a while, between broken sobbing mewls. 

Though still shuddering and panting, the wizardess was much more relaxed. Past control, yet more centered because of her capitulation, with each passing moment Shayla felt more and more attuned to the magmatic flow of intense physical stimuli that were possessing her body in the form of random, untamed shocks of pure delight darting wildly right under the surface of her initial discomfort. 

"You can push into my ass now, Jad," the wizardess whimpered, straining to look at the warlock over her shoulder. "Fill me... Uuhh fill my asshole with your cock ooooh! Go deep in me, Jad, I'm ready for you now... I want you owwhh... Deep in my ass aaahhh!" 

Jadrik managed to lean down and press his mouth onto Shayla's succulent lips in a long, passionate soulkiss before the incessant tremors wracking her body and sapping her strength forced her head to loll to the side, breaking their lip-lock. To the sound of her husky sighs and of Uli's tit-smooching slurps, the warlock grabbed the wizardess's gorgeous plump ass in his hands and set to the task of easing himself deeper into her slick, dick-gripping asshole. 

Deliciously snug and clingy as a rule, Shayla's seed-sloppy anus felt even tighter due to the stuffing presence of Uli's motionless but massively broad cock jammed inside her vaginal channel. Her twitching butt-ring and smooth anal walls were becoming more pliant, though: with no cramping spasm to stop him, Jadrik could finally move inside the wizardess's asshole a bit. After a few tentative in-out motions to make sure she was really ready, noticing that her anal muscles were relaxed and yielding, the warlock started worming his way deeper into Shayla's juicy bubble-butt. 

The going was agonizingly slow, made of minimal progress soon followed by bouts of adjusting cramps that choked Jadrik's ass-delving boner and stalled his anal invasion while Shayla wailed and moaned, shivering as her extra snug anus slowly accepted a little bit more of her lover's rigid length. A millimeter at a time, the warlock eased himself gradually deeper and deeper inside his adored slut's cum-coated bowels, stopping to glory in her heavenly tightness each time the warm slick pressure of her smooth rectum hugged another little portion of his aching hardness. 

Anxious to conquer the wizardess's clenching little butthole and plunder her glorious booty, Jadrik had to struggle to rein in his ass-loving ardor. At the same time though, he was also focusing intensely on penetrating Shayla's beautiful plump ass gently and without hurting her. Caught between rabid anal lust and tender, intimate gentleness, Jadrik reveled in that paradoxical challenge. He loved what they were doing, and he loved Shayla for being willing to do it. It was such a savagely hot sexual act but also a weird emotional experience that put trust, acceptance and patience to the test, a test that Jadrik didn't doubt for a second that he and his amazing slut would ace. 

Even when he had to stop to let the whimpering wizardess's asshole adjust and reshape itself around his raging boner, Jadrik was happy to wait. The powerful, erratic clenching squeezes of her overfilled anus were milking his cock wonderfully, while the primal unintelligible mewls and gasps that she let out as she accepted that second cock into her body were music to the his ear. Unfailingly, as soon as her squeals decreased in pitch, Shayla's butthole also relented its tugging grip, allowing Jadrik to resume his careful immersion into the depths of her snug steamy rectum.

Despite the increased tightness of her anus, the wizardess's absolute dedication to the double penetration helped her relax a lot as Jadrik determinedly packed her rippling anal tunnel full of his cock. The huge load of cum that he had previously sprayed into her bowels definitely helped, but something else was going on too. 

As the minutes passed and her lover's butt-plugging cock made its way slowly but surely deeper inside her asshole, Shayla realized that her body was becoming accustomed to the unnatural, unbelievable sense of fullness radiating from both of her dick-jammed holes. Initially she had feared that the presence of Uli's pole embedded to the hilt in her pussy would prevent her from taking Jadrik's cock up her ass, let alone enjoying it, but, incredibly, as the warlock's hardness slid deeper and deeper into her rectum, things seemed to change for the better. 
