 Here is Chapter Three. For those that talked about there not being enough sex in the story I included a scene that made sense for the character. Please keep in mind through all of this that I am really just starting this writing thing so I might fumble a little until I get the hang of it. Hope you enjoy. 

***** 

One of the most overlooked aspects of post coitus cuddling with a demon is the warmth. Never having to worry about getting cold feet put on you is wonderful. As I spooned next to sexy little devil and relished the heat coming off her I felt downright domestic. Not good. I am a summoner of demons and wielder of Hellfyre. I am one of the most feared Warlocks in the supernatural community. I am a damn good trial attorney and an even better businessman. I have the souls of senators and powerful businessmen under contract. I should not be snuggling next to a female thinking about how I just want ten more minutes in bed. Admittedly the female I am snuggling with is a sex demon. I can take this powerful creature and use her however and whenever I want. I guess as a resident Master Warlock if I want to spend another fifteen minutes in bed with a tame succubus no one is going to stop me. Yeah. 

My silent morning self affirmation speech had me all worked up and Xandra must have felt it. She reached back with her hand and guided my now erect rod into her tight opening. Adjusting her hips a little and raising her leg a bit I slid right in. After a few strokes I was feeling a simmer but I wanted something a little different. I pulled all the way out of her now gushing pussy and lined my cock up against her puckered rosebud. I heard a little moan as I shoved the tip of my dick into her ass and felt it go past her tight ring. The juice from her pussy gave me just enough lubrication to stroke almost all the way down to the base. I felt her tunnel ease up for a second as some moisture was produced then clamp right down. She always produced just enough moisture for me to get good friction but not chafe. Xandra and her lubricating ass hole was going to ruin me for mortal women when it came to anal. 

You got that right boss the thought came unbidden in my mind. If you want to take it up a notch I can always get my tail involved. 

"Thanks baby but I still have an exit only policy back there." I grunted. 

I needed to get deeper in her. I needed to really pound her. Make her mine. I pulled out and grabbed her hips. 

"Ass in the air and face in the pillow little lady." I ordered as I pulled complete out and put her in position. 

Give it to me hard master, show this bitch who is boss! she wailed in my head 

Through our link I could tell she was into this. Damn if that ass didn't look like it should be stretched. I used a little bit of magic and grew another inch longer and ½ an inch wider. She was gonna be tight no matter what but the visual was gonna be great. Sticking my bigger cock into her dripping cunt I slammed home a few times to get her moaning. Then I pulled out and shoved it as far as I could into that delectable rear end with one stroke. She squealed delightfully as I slammed home. I picked up the pace quickly until I was jack hammering into her. The earlier simmer was turning into a boil but I was getting a little tired. I used a little more magic to get my stamina back and just kept up the breakneck pace. 

OOOH! Master you fuck me so good. I have never been fucked as hard as you fuck me you fucking bastard! UGHHHHHH! Xandra is usually a little more poetic than that. When she starts talking stupid I know she is into it. 

I felt her shake and buck as she orgasmed but I just rode her through it. I was able to last another minute after she stopped squirming before I painted the inside of her ass. It felt like it took an hour to deposit everything I had into her. I laid on top of her for a little bit to catch my breath then rolled to the side. 

"Damn boss," she said just a little out of breath, " What the hell was that about? Not that I am complaining mind you. Just. Damn." 

"I am not gonna be a house husband." I said. Ummm where did that come from? I was still in my post sex high. 

She just looked at me with those beautiful purple eyes. 

"Uh, I mean sometimes I have to remind myself and others that I am a badass." Okay that didn't sound too much better. 

Now she got a twinkle in her eye and was trying not to laugh. 

"How about we drop this and I will just say that having a fucking gorgeous sex demon around all the time makes me horny and I like to get her off as much as I can?" Damn there is no saving this conversation. Time to change the subject. 

Like a light bulb an idea struck me for the Keychain project. I hopped out of bed and walked over to my desk. I started looking at the numbers and realized that if I could align - 

A claxon rang out meaning someone was was going to be using my teleportation circle quickly. DAMN! Not having any clothes on I switched to my fiend persona and summoned my mace. 

OOH boss that look is SOOO sexy. I heard in my head. 

Not now Xan we got company. I want you to guard Chloe. I don't think this is gonna be an invasion but make sure she gets out at all costs. I threw back to her. 

With a mental note I activated the slumbering rage demons that were disguised as gargoyles throughout the tower. I held off on summoning them but they were literally one phrase away from coming. 

I shifted to the room with the teleportation circle and stood looking out the window. Always make a good first impression. With my bat wings, yellow irises, and horns I could cut a pretty imposing figure should the need arise. 

I heard the pop of air being displaced and turned around slowly. What greeted my eye was very interesting indeed. 

The two men who stood in the circle couldn't be any more different. One was tall, thin, and carried himself like an aristocrat. The other was short, fat and looked like Friar Tuck. This was going to be big if I had two of the most powerful people in the world in my room. 

==================================================== 

Alexander Devon was the current General of the Paladins. Tall and charismatic he looked like he should be vacationing in the south of France wine tasting instead of directing an ecclesiastical army. The shorter of the two was Luthair Falcast. He was in charge of the wet work for the Council of Mages. They both regarded me with suspicion. Probably because I had a shield up and four hellhounds prowling the perimeter of the summoning circle. 

"Dammit Martin get those beasts banished so we can talk to you!" Luthair shouted, "We have no time for games!" 

"Really?" I responded "Because I was just going to break out my collectors edition of Chutes and Ladders, now I am disappointed. You can talk from there. Tell me why I shouldn't reverse that circle and send you back to where you came from?" 

To say there was a bit of mistrust would be an understatement. At one point Luthair's signature was on my death warrant. That is another story. 

Alexander stepped out of the circle ignoring the growling dogs. 

"There has been a security breach in our Boston facility. The demon referred to as Ajak has been unleashed. We require your assistance." he said. He could have been telling me that it was going to rain on Tuesday. 

Un-fucking-believable. These guys had unleashed the demon equivalent of King Kong and now wanted me to help them contain him. I dismissed the dogs, more out of shock than anything else. 

Luthair walked over to the fruit bowl and grabbed an apple. 

"We seriously don't have time for this Martin. Nor do we have time for your bargains. Right now mages and paladins are throwing everything they have just to keep this guy contained. Frankly we are failing. I know your sneaky ass has a plan or gadget for a major player getting loose on the Prime Material, so give us what you have and we will owe you one." He looked disgusted as he said that last part. 

The rat bastard was right. I DID have something up my sleeve for just such an occasion. To hell if I was going to let these asshats use it though. I didn't even know if it would work. 

I looked at both of them and took a deep breath. 

"I have something that might be helpful. The way it is attuned I am the only one who will be able to implement it though so you guys are stuck with me and my bargains. This applies to both of you. First I am going to want to take a look at both of your artifacts collection and negotiate for Warlock and Necro specific items. I won't just take them. I can trade or give fair market value. Second, you Pally's tighten up the reins on your noobs. Vigilantism is so 19th century. Third the mage's give me unfettered access to the secret archives. And if either of your parties break the contract I get both of your souls." 

"Done." 

I almost dropped my mace at how fast Alexander acquiesced. I looked at him in shock. 

"Look I have troops dying out there and what your asking for is not unreasonable. Frankly I was ready to give more. I don't mind playing politics but right now it is wartime so get what you need and let's go." His steely tone was more impressive than any shouting could have been. 

"Dammit Alex! Fine you bottom feeding mercenary bastard, give me your soul sucking contract and let's get this over with. I hope Ajak will take you back to hell with him." Luthair spat. 

I summoned the contract and watched them sign. I then summoned the two most powerful items in my collection. Before I could leave Xandra came running through the door. 

"A word with you boss." she pulled me over to the side of the room 

"What the FUCK do you think you are doing? Ajak'crim'idallion'forseth Is the demon prince that other demon princes scare each other with. If you want to die just release me from section two of my contract and I will take you to my palace in Hades and slowly fuck the soul right out of you over the course of a thousand years. It will be just as final and a hell of a lot more fun for both of us." It almost looked like she was going to cry. Shit. 

"Xan it's me." I whispered to her. "This is what I do. I spend a lot of time telling everyone how I am the greatest. Now it is time to put up or shut up. We both know I don't like shutting up. If I can win this then everyone will know. Dont fuck with Melshimbar. You know I always have an ace up my sleeve. Read my mind right now and tell me what you think." 

I concentrated on my plan. 

You sneaky sonofabitch. That is a hell of a gamble. She sent. 

But think of the payoff babe. Nobody ever got to be great by playing it safe. You know if this goes through I will make sure you get yours. I sent back 

"I really do have to go now though. When it is said and done if this goes south can you keep an eye out for Chloe? I won't be able to force you or anything but she will need a couple years to get her full strength." I asked. 

If this goes south boss I am going to bind myself to Ajak so I can beat the shit out of whatever he leaves of your soul. She sent. 

Don't be hatin' baby. I love you too. I sent. SHIT. DAMN. FUCK. ASS. 

I totally told this demoness that I loved her. SHIT. FUCK. I felt the mental connection almost break due to her shock. 

I mean, why didn't you tell me you had a palace. I sent. 

What the hell. I grabbed her and gave her as soul scorching a kiss as I possibly could. Maybe if I was lucky I would lose this fight and not have to figure this mess out when I got back. 

I summoned one more minor talisman and walked over to the teleportation circle. Both of my new BFF's were giving me a weird look. 

"What?" I asked them both. 

"Nothing at all." said Alexander "I am just reminded that as angels can fall so can demons be raised." 

Fuck that. I had a demon prince to vanquish and some serious Warlock shit to lay down. 

I teleported us to Boston. 

===================================== 

The mood in the command center was bleak. As we walked in I got a couple stares, then more as people noticed me. The room got progressively quieter and conversation eventually stopped completely about a minute after I walked in. So am I loved. What I told chloe was the truth but it went a little further. These people all were told from birth that two of the worst things that could happen were a Warlock summoning a unchained demon prince and a Necro raising an army of undead. The irony that one of the boys in white was responsible for this was too delicious to not mention. I looked at the multiple LCD screens and saw that they had erected what could only be described as a stasis field of holy energy blocking off the entrance to the lobby we were in. As I looked at placements it became glaringly obvious what the immediate problem was. 

"You guys are playing defense." I said into the quiet. 

That got the attention of the big dog in the room, Gwydion Brightblade (seriously, his parents named him that.) 

Gwydion was the real deal when it came to Paladins. I like to think we actually shared a mutual respect as players at the top of our game. Paladins are the self appointed wardens of the supernatural community. They are the FBI, CIA, NSA and LAPD all rolled into one. Most of them are the equivalent of beat cops. You got a problem with a ghost, a minor demon or a zombie you call your local Pally chapter. Gwydion wasn't the leader of of the Paladins but he was their best tactician, fighter, and diplomat. I guess you could call him their top troubleshooter. He regarded me with those blue eyes. 

"You could tell that by looking at thirty seconds worth of information?" he asked quietly. There was no hint of malice in his tone. 

"Actually I could tell that by looking at 10 seconds worth of info." I replied evenly " Furthermore you are taking the wrong approach." 

"Would you care to explain?" he asked, matching my tone. 

"Sure. Dealing with demons is a lot like dealing with your first day in the prison yard. To get true respect you go up and you hit the toughest guy in the jaw your first day in. All demons respect strength. Think of it as channeling your inner Samuel L. Jackson." I did my best impression of the actor. "Get your motherfucking demons off my motherfucking plane." Not a single chuckle. Tough crowd tonight. 

Despite all the wizardly and holy power represented in the room it seemed that it was only Gwydion and I talking. 

"So how would you handle this situation?" he asked. 

"First you should have called me sooner. I know I am as welcome as a case of the clap but even you guys should know I have dealt with more Demons than you will ever see. Second you are going to have to cut your losses. Any person behind that barrier is dead. No search and rescue. Lastly you bring in your biggest guns and run them at him. Right now your biggest is me. From what I have seen here the next biggest is you. If we fail, toss Luthair at him. This is not the time to hide behind your rank or commision. If you got power you need to go all in." 

He regarded me silently, giving me no emotion to feed off of. This guy was kinda scary. 

"Why not send in a tactical team of the people you mentioned?" He asked. 

"Because frankly we aren't trained to fight together nor do we trust each other. Demons can pull some pretty shifty mind tricks especially if there is already discord among the team. I don't want to have to try to incapacitate you while fending off attacks from the big boy." I replied 

He nodded. The Paladin to his right was shaking with anger. 

"How dare you think you are better than the Blade you, you, Warlock!" he shouted at me. 

That would be Jeffery. Nephew to the High Councillor. Engaged to my ex girlfriend. 

"Pipe down junior" I replied "The adults are talking. Unless you want to answer me a question that has been driving me nuts." 

His eyes narrowed. "What is that?" he spat. 

I can't believe he walked into that one. 

"When you go down on Sofia are you breaking the Paladin code on cannibalism? You know because your pussy eating a pussy?" 

Again nothing but silence. I guess my career as a comedian stalled before it ever got going. 

"Now if you will excuse me, I have a demon to go punch and a reputation to grow." I said, starting my walk to the barrier. 

================================= 

Ajak wasn't sitting at the barrier waiting for me so they dropped it quick, let me go through, then popped it back up. Now I was alone. I did some quick meditation and focused myself as best I could. I knew I had the magical equivalent of three haymakers, then I would be out of my spirit magic. As a free extraplanar creature, standard magic wasn't going to do anything but tickle this guy. I ran through every fact known about Ajak in my head. 

He was considered the crown prince of demons 3 millennia ago. He was actually able to come to the Prime Material plane at will and cause havoc. He was the baddest motherfucker right up until he ran into Ahazurak. Ahazurak is the legendary Warlock amongst us summoners. He would be the equivalent of Merlin for Wizards or Galahad for the Paladins. 

The story goes that Ahazurak was not concerned with Ajak's shenanigans until the demon destroyed the town that housed a favorite shop. Once the warlock decided to act he took a diamond and enscrolled it. Then he went looking for the demon and found him destroying a village. Ahazurak then defeated and contained Ajak's essence in the diamond. Everything else about Ajak is speculative but maybe there was a hint of something I could use. Nothing was coming to mind dammit. 

After fifteen minutes of searching corridors I finally found a view where I could look at the big guy. He looked a giant, two dicked minotaur. He had the head of a bull and the body of a human. There was no hair anywhere at all nor was he wearing any clothes. His skin was ivory and he had two massive appendages hanging between his legs. I saw he was headed to an atrium and figured that was going to be the best place to throw down so I picked up my pace and headed there. We entered from opposite sides at the same time. He stopped and took me in for a brief second then raised his wicked looking axe and prepared to charge. I raised my hand and summoned the largest gout of Hellfyre I could. Hellfyre reaches across the planes and infuses the very essence of Hell with fire. It also cuts through any known shields or defenses. It is seriously tough to channel but in most supernatural contests it is the equivalent of bringing a H-bomb to a knife fight. It also costs some SERIOUS mojo. This was my first haymaker. 

The gout hit Ajak right in the face and snapped his head back. It stopped his forward momentum and dropped the 12 foot Demon to one knee. I tossed my homemade relic at the stunned demon prince and used My spirit magic to make sure the relic got through his defenses and landed correctly. Making sure it hit was my second haymaker. 

The flash of silver expanded and turned into a platinum choker that wrapped itself around the Demon's neck. I had been placing soul siphoning enchantments on that collar for years.There were 666 spells on that collar all designed to steal power from the wearer and funnel it back into the collar to suppress extraplanar abilities. I hoped the spells would be strong enough and not break under the pure power that they were attempting to control. 

I had to make sure he didn't figure out what was happening and try to overload the collar. I used every bit of my regular magic to increase my speed and strengthen my mace arm. A split second after the collar latched I was able to deliver a huge blow right to his face. He rocked back from the blow and I could see the collar starting it's work. It was time for my third and final haymaker. I summoned yet another gout of Hellfyre and sent it right into his chest. 
