 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

This first chapter's just a short prologue to set the scene - - plenty more to come! 

† † † † †

"Alex! Are you out of bed yet? You've got that audition today, remember?"

I groaned at the sound of my mother's raucous voice that came shouting up the stairs as I finished getting dressed. One of these days, I kept telling myself, I'd get a good job, a good acting gig that paid well and I could move the hell out of the family home and into a place of my own. Twenty years old and still living at home - - trust me, it sucks.

"Yeah, big brother, don't want to miss your chance for an Oscar, do you?" came the voice of my sister. As if living with my obnoxious mother wasn't bad enough, I had to deal with the eighteen year old version of her as well.

"Fuck you, Chelsea," I muttered under my breath, pulling my tie up and looking at myself in the mirror.

My parents had both been lookers in their earlier years and I'd inherited their good looks if nothing else, even if I say it myself. Dark hair, square jaw, green eyes, standing nearly six feet tall, I'd had more than my share of girlfriends. Of course, most of them had smiled and walked away after seeing my less than impressive dick. Those that had stuck around hadn't exactly been impressed by inability to last more than a couple of minutes in bed. Judging from the ridicule my mother used to pour on my father, that's something else I'd inherited.

Great, I thought, just the things to dwell on before an audition. That'll get my confidence up.

My mother, Lisa, was making breakfast for her and Chelsea in the kitchen when I got down there; no sign of any food for me.

"Didn't want you to get anything on your suit," she said when I complained.

Like I said, she'd been good looking in years gone by but now, ten years after my father's death in a factory accident, she'd long gone to seed. Overweight, lank hair, bad skin - - I couldn't remember the last time I'd seen her looking anything other than like that.

Chelsea was turning into a younger version of her, as well. Not quite as fat yet, but getting there, all the weight was in her belly and thighs, leaving her no tits to speak of. Her hair, like mine and our mother's, was dark but untidy; I don't think she'd ever had it professionally cut. As to boyfriends? She'd a bit of a reputation a few years before of being a prick tease, leading guys on but never giving up the goods. Now, I don't think she'd had a guy even ring her for months.

"So what's the part for?" Chelsea asked, eating her fried bread, eggs, bacon and beans.

"Just a small part on a soap," I said, picking up my car keys from the board on the wall.

"You should be the man for the job if they want a small part," Chelsea said with a smirk. I'd gone out with one of her friends a year or two ago and she'd delighted in telling my sister of my small dick.

"Fuck off," I said wearily.

"Alex? Language," my mother said automatically, not even looking up from her breakfast.

"I gotta get going," I said, heading out the door and to the car.

An hour or so later and I was in the city, heading to my agent's office. I'd signed up with Darla Lassiter a year before and she'd found me several auditions over the last few months which had led to some one off jobs, but no steady work. Today's job, she thought, had the best chance of becoming a repeating job.

"You're looking good, Alex," she said to me, "but you need to wow them today. I know the producer but I can't swing anything for you; it's all down to you, okay?"

Darla was a no-nonsense sort of woman who'd been in the business for years. Mid-thirties, blonde and skinny as a bean pole, me and a couple of her other clients suspected her of being a lesbian. We'd never seen any sign of her love life, with a man or a woman, but she'd rejected several of the men who worked for her, myself included, so we just assumed she wasn't into guys.

She gave me the details of the audition again, who I'd be seeing, who I'd be playing, where I'd be going, and ran through some scripts with me to get me in the right frame of mind. Soon, though, it was time for me to head off and do my thing.

The drive to the audition was long due to the amount of traffic and I found myself worrying that I wouldn't make it on time. Stuck at some lights, I saw a small alleyway that seemed to cut between a builders' yard and an office block and would, if I was right, save me about twenty minutes. As the lights changed, I swung hard on the wheel, turning across the oncoming traffic that was just leaving their lights, heading for the alley - - and the car stalled.

"Fuck!" I shouted, sat in a powerless car that straddled two lanes of oncoming traffic.

I reached for the key as I heard the loud blare of a horn which made me glance up just in time to see the front of the truck that slammed into my car and sent me rolling up the street and into unconsciousness.

† † † † †

"That's it, baby - - suck that cock."

"Mmmmm - - I love your big dick - - make me take it - - make me glummpppffff - - ackkk - - ggacckkk - - koffff - - aahhhh, God yeah - - mmmllffff!"

I half opened my eyes and slowly turned my head to the sounds.

Some guy sat in a chair, trousers around his ankles, long white coat falling to the floor, his admittedly big dick being enthusiastically sucked by a nurse who knelt between his thighs, her head being guided up and down by both his hands.

She was stunning; she looked like she'd stepped out of a porno set in a hospital. Gorgeous face, tiny white uniform that was open to reveal her red lingerie: g-string, stockings, suspenders and a bra that was currently fighting to contain two huge, round, fake tits.

"Fuck - - cumming!" the doctor groaned.

The nurse reared back and grabbed his cock, jerking on it frantically as it started pulsing and bucking in her hand. Streams of jizz spurted from his dick, coating her face over and over as she moaned and purred in delight. I'd seen enough porn in my time to know he was giving her a facial worthy of an award and she was taking it like it was the best thing in the world.

I closed my eyes again, thinking this was a strange dream, and everything went dark.

† † † † †

Dream or no dream, when I woke up sometime later, I was definitely in a hospital bed, laid in a small room with a couple of chairs to one side and a bedside cabinet to another. An IV tube was stuck in my left arm and my right was held aloft and in plaster. As I turned my head, I could feel a thick bandage wrapped around it.

"Fuck," I whispered, my throat sore. "Least I'm not dead," I said as I remembered the truck heading towards the car.

"Mr Taylor. You're awake," a man said from the door of the room. It was a doctor; he might have been the man from my dream but I couldn't be sure that had even happened. "How do you feel?"

"Sore," I croaked. He took some water from the cabinet and poured me a glass, offering me a straw to sip it through. "Thanks."

"You had a nasty accident. Do you remember much about it?"

"The car stalled; there was a truck coming; that's pretty much it," I said.

"Okay. I understand the police are going to want to talk to you as well, just as a formality. All the witnesses describe the same sort of thing happening, but they need to do the right thing, of course. Now, can you remember your name, how old you are?"

Turned out I could, as well as answering a few other basic questions like the date of the accident (which had been three weeks before) but when it came to world figures like the President of America or the Prime Minister of Britain, I was coming up with names he'd never heard of. When he told me who was in those roles, he could have been making names up for all I knew.

"Well, let's not worry about that right now," he said. "We'll get you back in for some tests in a week or so but for now, your mother and sister are here to take you home."

As if waiting for a cue, they stepped into the room - - and I nearly passed out in shock.

My mother looked like she did twenty or more years ago: she was slim again, wearing figure hugging jeans and a cropped vest top that left her tiny waist bare; her make-up, what little there was, was immaculate and she looked gorgeous; her hair was piled up on her head in a big 80's style perm.

Chelsea was still a younger version of her: slim but not skinny, her legs revealed from beneath a very short tartan skirt; knee high socks and a tight blouse completing a sort of slutty school girl look; her hair was short and spiky, though, and her make-up was dark and gothic, her black lipstick set off by a studded collar around her neck.

As if that wasn't a hell of a change, both of them had fake tits as big as their heads. I mean seriously big - - Tiffany Towers, Sarenna Lee, Wendy Whoppers style big. Don't know those names? Go search Google and you'll see what I mean.

"Mom? Chelsea?" I gasped.

"Oh sweetie, thank God you're alive!" my mother said, rushing over and hugging me as carefully as she could, her huge tits squashing against my chest.

"We were so worried about you," Chelsea said, moving around to the other side of the bed and hugging me from that side, being careful not to hit my plastered arm.

Four enormous, fake, round tits pressed against me and even though they apparently belonged to my mother and sister, I couldn't help glancing down mom's vest top and Chelsea's wide open blouse. I've always had a thing for big tits - - that's why the models I named above came instantly to mind - - but this was the closest I'd ever come to any this size.

Beneath the covers, I felt my dick start to stir - - which gave me another surprise. Unless I was very much mistaken, my old familiar member had undergone some changes as well. Something to investigate at a later time, I thought.

"I'm okay, I'm okay," I said, feeling them stand up. "I'm liking the - - the new look," I said, nodding at both of them.

"What new look?" my mother said, looking confused.

"We've always looked like this, Alex," Chelsea said. They both turned to the doctor.

"There's the small possibility of some memory loss," he explained. "To be expected in cases like this. We'll get him back in next week for some tests but on the whole, he's good to go home."

"You hear that, sweetie?" my mother said. "We can get you home today."

"Your son's obviously going to need some help doing everyday tasks," the doctor said. "So please be ready to help him when he needs it."

"What sort of help, doctor?" Chelsea asked.

"Bathing and dressing, mostly. His right arm's going to be in plaster for another week so that's going to limit his movements. Alex?" he turned to me. "You're going to have to put up with this pair of lovely ladies being at your beck and call for a while. Think you can manage that?"

I looked at the new versions of my mother and sister, my gaze dropping to their huge chests for a second, before smiling up at the doctor.

"I'll try," I said.

† † † † †

Later that morning I sat in the passenger seat of my mother's car, waiting for her and my sister to finish up in the hospital before they took me home.

A man, dressed in a long black coat and a wearing a black, wide brimmed hat walked over to the car and tapped at my window. I wound it down a little and looked up into his white, drawn face. He really didn't look well: thin, sunken cheeks and eyes, pasty white complexion, dark shadows around his yellowed eyes.

"You're not meant to be here," he said.

"Well I'm waiting for my mother; I've just been discharged - - "

"No. You're not meant to be - - here," he said again, emphasising the last word.

"I don't understand," I said.

"The truck should have killed you. You should not be here."

We stared at each other, him just looking at me, his eyes never blinking, me sat in shock at his words.

A moment later he turned and walked away.

"Hey sweetie," my mother said as she as Chelsea got in the car just as the man in the black coat stepped out of sight. "Ready to go home?"

"Sure," I said. I turned back to her and smiled, glancing down at her tits again which made her smile indulgently back at me. "Sure. Let's go home."