 Every nerve ending seemed to firing all at once. That is the only way I could describe the pain I was feeling. I heard a whimper and was shocked to think that it came from me. As the pain died and things came into focus I was surprised by the lack of beautiful breasts. One of the nice things about what I thought would be my convalescence was a private room with a sexy succubus giving me sponge baths. I am a wimp when it comes to being sick. I pout and squirm and demand things just because I can. It is a character flaw I know, but it makes Xandra dote on me and that makes it all worth it. Instead I found myself regaining my wits in the parking lot of a country western bar. It took a second but I was able to push myself to my feet and survey the situation.

The scene before me was surreal. I saw a 9 foot humanoid figure with wings bending over a slumped figure while a little minx of a girl appeared to have her hands thrust into the figures chest. Immediately above them were the current objects of my obsession connected to what appeared to be a pissed off succubus. Oh and she had a black sword at the winged figure's neck. Slowly names started returning to my head.

I summoned my mace and started stumbling over to where they were working on Gwydion. I was able to get about 5 steps before I fell but I was now close enough to hear what they were saying.

"I had to anchor his soul somehow, the only way was to link to me temporarily. Now that the body is whole I can put it back in but it is going to be very unpleasant for him." Chloe was telling the angel.

"TURN THE SOUL OVER TO ME AND I CAN EASE THE TRANSITION." I heard the angel say.

"Yeah that is not gonna happen." Chloe responded. "I trust my abilities and intentions. I don't trust yours. Now I need you to be quiet while I work this out."

I know you are wanting to see my tits boss but I am seriously considering dressing in burlap sacks for a month after this fucking stunt of yours. Xandra sent.

Don't be hatin baby. I had to save Gwydion and I did. No harm no foul. I sent back.

You really think pulling an angel across the planes against his will is going to have no consequences? She sent incredulously

I rose to my feet. This time I hardly wobbled at all. I could feel my magic being restored. I was almost up to full strength with my regular magic and about half way with my spirit magic. Although half way now was about equal to full capacity before my fight with Ajak.

This isn't an ordinary angel baby. This is Raphael. We go way back. I sent.

WHAT?!? She sent.

Yeah he needed a map piece for a quest he was trying to complete. I happened to have it in my collection so I gave it to him with the understanding that he hook me up if I needed him in the future. I sent

No boss, if this is THE Raphael you are playing in the major leagues. The guy I am thinking of is roughly the holy equivalent of Ajak. If this is him you better be ready for something because there is no way you could have pulled him against his will without a circle. That means he came for a reason. She was really worried about this.

Shit. I had never really studied the "higher" planes or their hierarchy. I had no clue if this was one of the big boys or not. Suddenly I started wishing I could be at full strength and rested just in case it came to blows. Something about me makes people want to fight. Maybe I have resting bitch face? I concentrated on calming down and trying to meditate to get my spirit mojo up faster. I had to see how Gwydion was doing though.

I saw the hole in his chest had closed and could only assume that Raph had taken care of the damage. Now to see a soul get put BACK into a body. I had no idea it could be done but Chloe seemed confident.

It was a little disappointing to be honest. Just a serious look of concentration and and some shuddering from Gwydion's body and all of a sudden he was breathing again. I could only assume that it made more sense if you had some form of soul sight like a necro or an angel would have.

Chloe and Raphael stood up and regarded each other over the limp form of my friend. Xandra's blade never left the angel's neck but it didn't appear as if he cared too much one way or another. He turned to me.

"OUR LEDGER IS EVEN MARTIN. NOW IT IS TIME FOR SOME UNPLEASANTNESS." He said as he seemed to flex and the remains of my summoning spell burst apart.

"MARTIN MELSHEMBAR, YOU HAVE BEEN DECLARED A THREAT TO HUMANITY AND HEAVEN. I AM HEREBY REQUIRED BY DIVINE LAW TO DETAIN YOU AND LEAD TO CONFINEMENT ON THE PLANE OF NIRVANA FOR THE DURATION OF 500 YEARS. YOUR EVERY NEED SHALL BE CARED FOR AND YOU WILL BE TREATED AS A GUEST OF HONOR. I WOULD ASK THAT YOU SUBMIT PEACEFULLY." He intoned

Well damn. Apparently they know my name up there. Yipee!

"Raphael, you know I can't do that." I responded.

"I ASSUME YOUR INTENTION IS TO RESIST DETAINMENT." He said.

"Damn right Skippy! I will not go quietly into that good night." I laughed.

"THERE IS ALWAYS SUNLIGHT ON THE PLANE OF NIRVANA. I MUST INFORM YOU THAT MY POWER VASTLY OUTMATCHES YOUR OWN. THERE IS NO WAY THAT YOU CAN AVOID THE INEVITABLE. I WOULD REQUEST THAT YOU RECONSIDER. HOWEVER ENOUGH INFORMATION HAS BEEN RECORDED ABOUT YOU FOR ME TO KNOW THAT YOU WILL NOT. I HOPE YOU WILL APPRECIATE THAT I WILL TAKE NO PLEASURE IN DEFEATING YOU." he said.

I was beginning to get a little angry. I am not exactly a pushover.

"Listen up brosef, a lot of people and planar beings have taken a run at me. I am here and they are gone. I will give you a chance to go back and claim you couldn't find me or that my summoning didn't allow you to take me into custody. But if you think I am going meekly follow you to a detention facility anywhere in this universe, you got another thing coming." I gave him my most annoying smirk.

Dammit boss! Play nice! Xandra snarled in my head.

"I SEE WE ARE AT AN IMPASSE. WOULD YOU BE WILLING TO MOVE THE IMPENDING FIGHT TO A MORE REMOTE LOCATION? WE CAN LIMIT THE COLLATERAL DAMAGE."

"Sure thing chief." I responded

Xandra take Chloe and Gwydion to the hospital to get them checked out. Also somewhere close by should be a Wraith holding a prisoner, find out what he knows and have a report waiting for me when I get back. After this little showdown we are going after whoever shot my friend. I sent.

Bull shit boss you are going to need back up. She responded.

Xandra you are the only one I trust to take care of those two. This fight is between me and halo boy anyways. I got him. Just be ready to move on the mystery shooter. I will bet you a full night of bondage and blowjobs that Luthair is behind this. I sent

Okay boss just be careful. She sent as she sauntered over and gave me a mind blowing kiss.

Wait a second. She acquiesced too quickly. She is up to something but I don't have the time or mental energy to figure out what is going on. At this point I was probably 80 percent on spirit magic. I was going in with a handicap but there was no choice. I switched to my fiend persona and nodded at the golden boy. After this I was totally gonna bury my face in Xandra's breasts.

===================================

Pushing the thoughts of motorboating side I started walking towards Raphael. He took off flying so I followed him in my fiend persona. Flying always calms me so taking the time to get my thoughts in order was nice. I climbed a couple feet above Raphael. He climbed a couple feet above me.

This fight was going to be interesting. The Hellfyre that I could summon was directly negated by the Angelfyre he could wield. As an extraplanar creature my regular magic was not going to do anything other than tickle him so that was out. I am hoping that my mace can do some damage.

I climbed about 10 feet above Raphael. He climbed about ten feet above me then got a look on his face as if I was being childish. I went about a 100 feet above him and noticed he didn't try to go higher. I soared even higher just enjoying the feeling of flying before it was time to start. I looked down and Raph was about the size of a lego piece when I figured it was time. I did some basic geometry and dove.

I don't know that I was at terminal velocity when I struck him in the back but I should have been close. We went tumbling down losing altitude and flipping end over end. I had caught him by surprise which explained how I was able to summon my collar and get it on him before we hit. The resulting crater was about three foot deep and we both took a few seconds catching our breath. We had landed in a big farmer's field. What ever they had planted was not poking up through the earth. I wobbled up and summoned my mace from where it had fallen and started running at him. As I brought my mace down he managed to summon a sword and block from a kneeling position. The shock of the blow staggered us both but he was able to gain his footing and return a wild swing that forced me back. Going for broke I threw a bolt of Hellfyre at him which almost got through his defenses but he managed to create a small shield of what must have been Angelfyre to negate it. He hurriedly regained his footing. I saw how he did that Angelfyre shield and got the opportunity to practice with Hellfyre as a gout of Angelfyre was released at me. I threw up a small shield to negate the first incoming bit then rolled to the left to avoid the rest. I launched three quick Hellfyre bolts at him followed up by the biggest soul siphon tendril I could manage. I was hoping that the collar would kick in like it had with Ajak .His shield of Angelfyre easily intercepted my Hellfyre bolts but I had done enough to distract him so I could close to melee range. I went for broke swinging my mace two handed trying to beat down his defenses so I could hook him with my soul siphon.

I am the first to admit I use the mace mainly because the weapon looks cool. I have always thought that swords were so passe. I read once that maces and warhammers came to the fore because the swords had a tough time getting past armor. The drawback being that no one today wore armor meaning swords were perfectly viable. I had only basic training on how to use a mace in combat. Right now I was essentially using it like a baseball bat trying to get through Raphael's defense.

I pulled a little of my regular magic and made a puddle right under the angel's feet. He slipped to one knee and I thought for sure I had him. Just before my soul siphon could lock on I felt the intense pain of a bolt of pure holy energy from Angelfyre. I had to back off and immolate myself in Hellfyre to negate the pain. Thankfully you cannot hurt yourself with your own summoning.

All of a sudden I was hit with the biggest gout of spirit energy I had ever seen, let alone felt. I had to turn my self immolation into a full on shield of Hellfyre just to negate the massive amount of Angelfyre coming my way. This bastard was using my own tricks against me. When all else fails go big or go home. I could feel my soul energy beginning to drop as I was putting everything I had into keeping that blasted holy energy away from me. This might be how it ends.

Suddenly his flow started to dwindle. My collar must have started to kick in. I was almost drained but I might have enough to make it through this! I threw as big of a soul siphon tendril as I could at him. It hit and I started to try to unlock the angel power I knew was hiding behind there. I figured it would be a lot like Ajak where I would need to be ready to channel Hellfyre if I got too much juice. As my tendril was working against him I felt the Angelfyre stop. I didn't have enough juice to toss any Hellfyre at him. I almost wept I was so close. I saw him grabbing at the collar like Ajak did then he went strangely still. My worst fears were realized as he started pouring all of his soul energy into the collar. DAMN! I could sit there and do nothing as the collar glowed brighter and brighter. With a high pitched whine the collar started vibrating then went black. Then it exploded. The shock wave knocked me on my ass and was as effective as a flashbang grenade. My soul siphon tendril disappeared and there was no way to get it back. I was spent. Raphael went down but I saw him stagger to his feet as he made his way toward me. I could literally not make my body move. I had thrown so much energy into summoning this bastard and just didn't have enough time to recoup. At least I was going to be in the heavenly equivalent of Club Fed. Maybe they would allow conjugal visits with Xandra's boobs. Or better yet, Xandra herself. I took stock of how much energy I had and it was pathetic but damned if I was going to leave this plane without a fight. I drew the very last dregs of my soul energy and hit the motherfucker with a small burst of Hellfyre. He stumbled back. After swaying for about a minute he stumbled forward. I saw a pair of manacles appear in his hand as he fell to the ground. I had nothing. I was so tired and sore I just wanted the release of passing out. Raphael fell to his knees about five paces away from me. Maybe he would not be able to get back up and I might have a chance. No such luck. He recovered and stumbled the last little bit to me.

Just as he was about to put the manacles on me I saw a four legged shape jump on him from the side. My sense of hearing was getting back to normal and I could just make out the baying of hell hounds. I stupidly turned to the left and saw my wonderful succubus lover directing a pack of hellhounds to overtake Raphael. I flopped my head to the right and saw him rally as he started swinging his sword and send the dogs back to the lower planes. He focused on Xandra and seemed to pull a second wind. He started stumbling toward her and picked it up into a run. I cursed my weakness because there was nothing I could do to stop that sword from hurting my beloved.

All of a sudden a green mist seemed to coalesce around the enraged angel and the most inhuman scream came from his lips as he fell to the ground.

The mist solidified into a gel that started to eat into his flesh. I saw him frantically channel Angelfyre to negate it but it seemed to have no effect. Turning my head to the right I saw Chloe almost glowing with a green and black energy. I had never seen Soulfyre channeled before but I had heard that it was the most destructive spirit energy that there was. Seeing the effects first hand I had to agree. Raphael's skin was beginning to blister then started to fall away. He looked like he had been dipped in a vat of acid. I managed to regain my senses and stumble over to Chloe.

"He is done Chloe. There is no need to continue." I slurred.

"He was going to take you away Martin. I can't have him take you away." She sobbed.

"He is done Chloe. I am not going anywhere. You are not ready for the fallout if you keep this up." I said.

The screams got louder as the blisters moved up towards his face.

"He saved Gwydion. The guy you love is alive because of him. Is this how you want to start a relationship?" I asked.

She sobbed and the mist dissipated.

"I stopped you today because you weren't ready to make the choice to continue. I promise you that I will train you in both power and knowledge so the next time you can be ready." I said as I hugged her tight. "The next time you will know enough to make your own choice. And I will be there to back you up regardless of the odds. This I swear."

Raphael was still smoldering as he curled up in the fetal position.

Xandra stepped around him as she walked over to me and my sobbing apprentice.

"Thanks for the calvary. I would have been done without you." I reached an arm around Xandra and pulled her close.

"Anytime lover." Xandra responded. "Can you show me how to send this guy home?"

"Yup, watch carefully." I had pretty much regained my senses and equilibrium to the point where I could walk over to Raphael.

"I know you are hurting right now chief but I need you to focus on what I am about to say." I addressed him. "The Prime Material Plane has a new Gatekeeper. If you and yours want to foolishly continue this course of action I will gladly respond in kind with allies. Let the head honchos know that I will not look favorably upon ANY extraplanar creature causing a ruckus on my turf. Do you understand?"

Raphael had managed to stand up even though he was swaying quite a bit.

"I WILL RELAY YOUR MESSAGE. I ALSO WISH TO THANK YOU FOR STOPPING YOUR APPRENTICE. SHOULD YOU NEED ASSISTANCE IN THE FUTURE I WILL AID YOU AS I CAN." The angel offered his hand.

As I shook it I started murmuring the incantation to send a willing extraplanar creature home. He started to fade away and eventually it was only the three of us. I gathered Xandra and Chloe into a group hug and worked the magic for teleportation home.

As we popped into the room with the teleportation circle I instantly was aware of new presence.

She stood 5'9" with the body of a comic book heroine. Blonde hair and blue eyes regarded me expectantly.

"Hi Martin." She said hesitantly.

"Sofia?" I asked.

What the hell was my ex girlfriend doing here?

==============================

I diverted some time from this story for an April Fools story. If you are so inclined I would love for you to take a look at that story and let me know what you think. If not no biggie.

I know Martin has had a busy week so expect the next couple stories to give him a break of sorts.

I love feedback so if you feel the urge drop me a line.

As always thanks for reading!

-Ahaz