 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and I woke up in a world where every woman looks like they've stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine. Am I in a coma? Am I mad? Or have I died and gone to heaven? Whatever the hell has happened, it's like I'm on a different planet. With a bit of luck, if I can work out what the fuck is going on, maybe I can get back to the real world. If I want to, that is.

† † † † †

Despite the obvious changes to my life since I woke up from the coma after the traffic accident, I still expected mom to drive me and Chelsea back to our little mid-row house that we shared. Instead, she drove out of the city to an area I'd never seen or heard of before - - Rockway Hills. The place was populated with big houses, mansions really, set back from the road, all overlooking the city below. There was some serious money here and as I watched the scenery through the car window, I wondered just where we were going.

"Here we are, sweetie," my mother said as she pulled the car off the road and into a drive leading up to one of the huge houses. "Home sweet home."

I sat and stared at the place: three stories high, a huge garden, balconies along the upper levels and, as I would discover, an enormous pool out the back.

"We live here?" I asked.

"Of course we do, sweetie," my mother said as she opened my door and helped me out, taking care not to knock my right arm which was in plaster. Chelsea was instantly at my other side, trying to help.

"Wow, you really have lost your memory, haven't you?" she asked kindly. She was so different from the sister I remembered - - not just in looks (though the sexy, big titted, goth schoolgirl look was a world away from what I was used to) but also in how she treated me: she obviously cared for me which was a pleasant change.

"Let's get you inside and we'll worry about your memory later," my mother said. "Chelsea, get the door, sweetie?"

As my mom helped me up the drive and the steps, Chelsea ran ahead and sister or no, there was no way I could stop myself staring at her pert little ass as it flashed at me from beneath her tiny tartan skirt.

"Haven't lost your appreciation of sexy girls, I see?" mom whispered, leaning in to me.

"Sorry," I muttered. "Guess I shouldn't be looking at my sister like that."

"Being related has never stopped you looking before," she said. "Hell, you should know both of us love having you pay attention to us like that," my mom said with a big smile.

"What are you two talking about?" Chelsea asked as we drew level with the door.

"Alex was just watching that little ass of yours bounce up the steps," our mother said before I could say anything.

"Just my ass, big brother?" she asked, cupping her big, round, fake tits and giving them a squeeze, making them bulge out the top of the tight blouse she wore. She laughed at my startled expression and ran inside the house.

"Chelsea, go and make us all some coffee," my mother laughingly called after her as we walked inside. "I'm going to get Alex up to his room."

Still stunned, I let my mother lead me up the wide marble stairs - - marble stairs? Seriously?! - - to the second floor and my room which turned out to be more of a complete suite. Sure there was a bedroom with a very large bed dominating the whole thing, but there was a sunken lounge area, an en suite shower and bathroom and even a small breakfast bar affair with my own coffee pot, refrigerator and small sink.

"This is my room?" I asked as mom led me over to the sunken lounge and helped me sit down. My arm was the only thing broken but both legs had taken a battering in the accident and my ribs were bruised as well, so I sat down with some relief.

"Sure is, sweetie," mom said, leaning over and brushing my hair out of my eyes, giving me a fantastic - - and deliberate - - view down her cropped top. Her perfect, huge tits nestled together, the cleavage dark and oh so inviting. She smiled as she saw me looking. "We should probably get you changed out of that hospital gown," she said. "God knows who's worn it before you."

I looked down at the basic green all in one thing the hospital had given me to go home in. "I guess so," I said, glancing round the room, having no idea where my clothes were.

"You stay there, I'll get you something," mom said. She headed off to the bedroom area and I watched as she went through some drawers and a wardrobe. She made a big show of bending over at the waist, her round ass pointing back at me, and smiled every time she looked back and caught me staring. Eventually she returned with a loose shirt and a pair of cargo shorts. "Come on, sit up and let's get that thing off you," she said.

I did as she asked and she leaned into me again, reaching behind my neck to untie the knot, thrusting her big tits into my face. For some reason it took her a minute or so to get it undone, all the while rolling her huge jugs against my face. God knows how I resisted grabbing hold of them and stuffing them in my mouth. Unsurprisingly, my cock reacted as just about any straight man's would and started swelling. Unless I was mistaken, that was something else about this weird fucking world that had changed too.

"There we go," mom said, finally stepping back and before I could do anything, whipping the entire gown off me, the large arm hole thankfully missing my plastered arm, and leaving me naked. Both of us stared at the huge cock that sprang up in my lap.

Before the accident - - in what I was starting to think of as the Old World - - I wasn't exactly blessed in the penis department. Just about every girlfriend I'd had was less than impressed and I honestly couldn't blame them. Now though, to match my mother's and sister's porn star sized tits, it looked like I'd been upgraded as well: that was about a foot long cock that stood proudly out of my groin, above a pair of balls that looked to be the size of two lemons.

"Fuck," I said in amazement.

"Are you offering, sweetie?" my mother asked. I suddenly realised I was naked in front of her with a hard-on and tried to cover myself up.

"What? No!" I said automatically - - this was my mother, after all, despite all the flirting that we'd been doing.

"Shame," she said quietly with a gentle shrug of her shoulders. "I wondered if the memory loss might have changed your mind." My blank look made her smile kindly. "Despite our jobs and everything, you've always had this moral code about me and Chelsea." She shrugged again. "I sort of wondered - - hoped - - if things might have changed."

"Our - - our jobs?" I asked, confused as all hell.

My mother looked genuinely sad for a moment as she realised I had no idea what she was talking about.

"Don't worry about that now," she said. "We're just happy you're safe and back home." She dropped to her knees between my legs and held up my shorts. "Now, let's get you dressed."

I slowly lifted one leg, allowing her to slide the shorts halfway up before doing the same with the other. She pulled them up to my knees, bringing my legs together, then leaned up and over me.

"You're going to have to lift your ass up so I can get these under you," she said with a smirk.

"I could - - I could probably manage," I said.

"Oh hush. Doctor's orders, remember?"

Bracing my shoulders against the back of the sofa and with my feet on the floor, I lifted my ass up. My mom took hold of the waist band of the shorts and pulled them up my thighs, dropping her torso on to my waist. Her huge tits landed on my hands that were still covering my dick and ballooned out the top of her T-shirt.

"You have to move your hands, sweetie," she said with a devilish smile.

I slowly moved both hands aside, leaving my rock hard monster cock nestling beneath and between her enormous tits, separated from them only by the thin cotton of her top. Staring at me all the while, gently biting her bottom lip, she pushed and pulled and wrestled with my shorts, rolling and moving her tits over my dick, grinning as I looked down and watched her mounds slide all over it. She glanced down, staring at the head of my mammoth cock as it poked out from beneath her tits, then looked up at me.

"Are you sure I can't tempt you, sweetie?" she asked quietly. Her tongue slid out from between her lips and licked them, slowly. "Maybe just a blow job?"

Mother or not, I had to admit I was incredibly tempted right then, not to mention incredibly fucking horny. We stared at each other, my apparently never softening prick pulsing beneath the weight of her fantastic tits.

"What's happening here?" Chelsea said with a smirk from the doorway.

The moment broken, I managed to use my good left hand to ease my mother back a little and pull my shorts closed over my hard-on. Mom actually pouted a little as she knelt back up, then winked at me.

"Just following the doctor's advice and helping Alex dress," mom said as Chelsea walked in carrying a tray with three coffee mugs on it and sat beside me on the sofa.

"Uh-huh," my sister said, obviously not believing her. She openly stared at the big lump in my shorts as mom took her drink and I reached for mine. "Looked more like you were trying to get Alex's dick in your mouth," she said with a big grin, the pair of them laughing as I blushed.

What the fuck was going on here? I wondered.

"By the way, big brother," Chelsea said, reaching over and prodding the still hard lump in my shorts when she said 'big', "there's a message on the phone from Darla. Sounds like she found out the hospital let you home and she wonders if you're - - up - - for a visit." Another prod, leaving her finger against my dick just a little longer this time.

"I think that's an excellent idea," mom said. "The sooner she gets you back in front of the camera the better." She looked back at my stiffy. "Not that she'll find that - - too hard."

She and Chelsea giggled and, for the first time in what seemed like forever, I found myself laughing with them.

† † † † †

We spent the rest of the day relaxing and, from my point of view, getting to know them, while they spent a lot of time flirting not only with me but each other, sometimes for my benefit, sometimes not. At the end of the day we sat in the huge lounge and watched a horror film together, Chelsea climbing into our mom's lap because she claimed to be scared. I couldn't be a hundred percent certain but from where I sat it looked like mom took her mind off the movie by slipping her hand up Chelsea's skirt. I half-watched my sister move gently up and down, her eyes half-closed, her breathing coming in gasps as - - I think - - our mom fingered her pussy.

It was, I guess, no surprise that my sleep was filled with dreams of the pair of them.

The next morning over breakfast, mom told me she'd been in touch with Darla, my agent, and was going to take me into the city to see her.

"I need to pick up a few things anyway," she said, "so I'll drop you at Darla's office and pick you up later if that's okay?"

"Sure, mom, thanks," I said, looking at her. Skin tight jeans once again showed off her lovely legs and her perfect, round ass. A low-cut spaghetti vest top struggled to keep her huge tits inside it, displaying a massive cleavage and a fair amount of side boob. I looked away as I felt my cock stirring beneath the loose dressing gown I'd managed to pull on over my plastered arm.

She stood in front of me as I drank my coffee, putting one hand on her hip, the other on the table, leaning forward, her tits right in my eye line.

"You need any help getting dressed?" she asked softly, staring at me with a big smile.

"No fair, mom," Chelsea said from the doorway - - it was obviously a habit of hers. "You helped him yesterday. Surely it's my turn?"

We both looked over at her. Gone was the goth schoolgirl look, replaced instead with a pair of plain, pink cotton pajamas that she still managed to look sexy in. The fact that the top was unbuttoned almost to her navel and was spread wide by her big tits helped, of course.

"I suppose so, sweetie," mom said, kissing her lightly on the lips as she came into the kitchen-cum-breakfast area. "But you're going to have to hurry if we're going to make the appointment," she said, pointing up at the clock.

"Come on, big brother," Chelsea said with a smile, taking my drink out of my hand and placing it on the table. She took my hand and led me out and back up to my room. Once there, she took me over towards the bed, leaving me standing as she rummaged through my clothes, looking for something for me.

"I could - - I could manage to - - to do this on my own, Chels," I said nervously, watching her go through the same moves our mother had the day before. She bent at the waist, the pajamas clinging to her gorgeous, pert little ass, her huge tits straining against her top.

"No can do, Al," she said. "Got to do what the doctor told us, remember? Help you with bathing and dressing, that's what he said." She smiled at me as she held up another pair of shorts and a baggy T-shirt. "And you're going to need a shower this evening, I'm guessing."

She dropped the T-shirt on the bed and the shorts at my feet then took hold of my dressing gown and pushed it off, the cord unravelling at my waist, leaving me naked. Maintaining eye contact all the while, she slowly dropped to her knees in front of me, her huge tits brushing against me every now and then. She only looked away when she came level with my big dick which, while not fully hard, was definitely more than a semi and pointed out almost horizontally, bobbing beside her head.

"Oh wow," she breathed, staring at it. She moved closer and I could feel her hot breath against it as she examined it close up. "You're so fucking big, Al," she said quietly.

I looked down at her, unable to move, unable to speak. My hugely fake titted sister knelt in front of me transfixed by my cock. Part of my brain - - okay, it was mostly my dick - - wanted to just move to one side and slip the head of my knob into her mouth while the rest of me was screaming "This is your sister, dude! Don't you dare!"

"I've never had a dick this big," she said looking up at me again. "But I'd really - - really - - like to."

I swallowed nervously, still unable to speak or move or do anything except watch.

She closed her eyes and tilted her head, laying her cool cheek against my heavy prick, moving her face along its length once or twice.

Somehow I found my voice.

"Chelsea - - Chelsea - - I can't," I said, surprising myself at how sad I sounded.

She opened her eyes and looked up at me again, smiling despite her obvious disappointment.

"Okay, big brother," she said. "I'd never make you do anything you didn't want to."

She reached beside her for my shorts and directed my legs, lifting first one then the other into them just as our mother had yesterday. She moved around a little, wiggling them up my calves, before leaning back and then forward, kneeling up quickly.

I watched as my big dick, still half-hard and now trapped between us, slipped down the front of her pajamas and between her big tits. I gasped at the feeling, groaning as Chelsea moved her upper arms together, sandwiching my cock in her cleavage.

"Oops," she said with a smile, not sorry in the slightest.

"Chelsea?" I gasped, simultaneously loving the feeling of her huge mounds of tit flesh squeezing my cock and panicking at having my dick anywhere near my sister.

"Sorry," she giggled. "Guess I should have seen that coming, eh?" She moved again, my dick sliding around in her cleavage. "Have to admit it feels real good, though," she sighed.

"Chelsea - - I can't," I said again.

"Okay, big brother," she said with that same smile. "Then you'd best take your dick out from between my titties, don't you think?"

We stared at each other as I slowly, oh so fucking slowly, used my left hand to take hold of my big cock and pulled it free of her cleavage. I couldn't help groaning at the feeling of her hot, firm flesh against my dick, the biggest pair of tits I'd ever had wrapped around it, and here I was, turning them down.

As my cock popped free, Chelsea stared at it and blew it a kiss before pulling up my shorts, letting me tuck myself away before she did them up. She pulled on my T-shirt over my head, carefully feeding my arm through it, then patted my still bulging crotch.

"See you later, big brother," she said, standing on tip-toe and kissing me briefly on the lips. "Your sneakers are slip-ons so you should be able to manage those."

With that, she skipped out of the room.

† † † † †

Darla Lassiter, it seemed, was still my agent but whereas in the Old World she'd had a single room office above a small store, here she was part of a thriving partnership that she was in charge of. Mom drove me into the city and let me out of the car outside the building of Lassiter, Dash and Collins, a big, sleek multi-storied office building with mirrored windows and a big reception hall.

"You'll be fine, sweetie," mom said, leaning over the passenger seat and looking out the window at me. She knew full well her vest top was bulging under the weight of her huge tits, giving me a fantastic view of her cleavage. "Just ask for Darla at the reception desk and she'll come and get you. I'll pick you up in a hour or so, okay?"

"Okay, mom," I said, watching as she drove away.

I turned to the entrance, stopping as a man, dressed in a long black coat and a wearing a black, wide brimmed hat stepped in front of me, the same man that had talked to me outside the hospital the day before.

"You shouldn't be here," he said, same as yesterday.

"Who are you?" I asked, wincing at his sunken cheeks and eyes and his pale, sallow complexion "What do you mean I shouldn't be here?"

"You need to go home," he said, never blinking. "You need to get back to your world."

"What? How do I do that?"

"You need to leave here."

He stared at me for a moment longer then walked off, turning round a corner and out of sight.

"Weird," I said to myself. Whoever he was, he obviously knew something was odd about me, about this world I'd woken up in. He knew this wasn't my world, my reality, and wanted me to go back to the old one.

I thought about my mom and Chelsea and wondered if I wanted to go back to the Old World.

Still wondering, I walked into the office building to meet with my agent.