 Author's note: Slightly different format for the final chapter here. This story has been very chronologically sequential up until now, but this chapter skips ahead a bunch. Thanks so much for sticking with this story to the end! I <3 all of you.

***

Kitty sat at her Momma's feet as she talked with the other Chieftains. She wasn't really paying much attention to the conversation anymore. Momma had asked several of her new allies to talk about her plan to send a delegation to Lek, to demand a place in the Palace. She'd been listening then, but not now. Now they were talking about weapons and sex and... farming, apparently.

"I can't believe you guys still grow so much rice. Who even buys rice?" Rugana laughed. Kitty couldn't care less about rice, but she still watched their body language. What really had her attention was the fact that they were eating the veal that Laniwyn had spent all day preparing. She was eagerly watching her Momma's every move, hoping she'd offer her some. Momma ripped a chunk free with her knife, and ate it without offering any to Kitty. She didn't pout or whine. Momma didn't like it when she whined and with company there she was much stricter about the rules. Her eyes remained fixated on her Momma, watching her every movement.

"Rugana your cat has been staring at you for like an hour. Do you feed it properly? It looks like it's starving." Jurez' voice. Kitty recognized him, he came around every now and again. He called her an 'it' and she didn't like that, but Momma humoured him. 

"Hrmph. She eats as much as I do and still stays that skinny." Momma rolled her eyes and ripped off a piece of the veal. She held it out for Kitty and she eagerly moved forward to gobble the meat up. It was every bit as delicious as she knew it would be, and she ate it quickly.

"Thank you, Momma," she purred happily, licking her fingers clean.

"Hrmph. I spoil you too much," Momma grunted, but petted her anyway, giving her a quick scratch between her ears. She rested her head on Momma's knee, rubbing her forehead against it, enjoying the feeling of Momma's skin on hers.

The meal wound down to a close, and Kitty heard the sound of her Momma patting her knee twice. She climbed up onto her lap by herself, nuzzling into her chest and wrapping her arms around Momma's waist. She was being extra affectionate partially because she knew Momma liked to show her off to the other Warlords, but she also didn't mind the contact. Momma had been really busy and stressed out organizing all of this, and she hadn't had time for much else other than fucking Kitty before bed.

"So I heard that your pet there is nobility or something, Rugana. You ever considered using her as leverage to get us into Lek? Trade her back for a spot at the table?" One of the other voices, she wasn't sure who. Kitty felt a wave of dread pass through her, and she tightened her grip around Momma's waist. She didn't want to go back. She didn't want to be taken away from Momma and given to her old family again. She looked up at her, eyes fearful, begging for an answer just as much as the other Orc had asked her for one.

"Nah. That's a shit idea." Momma smiled at her and patted her on the head reassuringly. She felt the dread drain away, and she sighed in relief, resting her head on Momma's breast. She didn't offer the Orc who'd spoken any more reasoning, and they let it go. "Alright boys, I'm off to bed. You know where your rooms are, we'll talk more tomorrow, yeah?" She got a chorus of "yep's" and dragged Kitty off to her room.

"So. What do you think?" She asked Kitty, when they got back.

"Jurez did it again." She pouted at her.

"Yeah, he's kind of an ass, but that's not what I meant." Momma frowned a little, her hands on her hips.

"Mmm, Gura's only going along with the plan because he's afraid of you. And when you asked Tak who buys rice, he looked really nervous for a second there and avoided answering you."

"What? Really? I didn't even realize he didn't answer me." She frowned at Kitty, like she didn't believe her.

"Yeah. Maybe he's transporting something else in those ships." Kitty shrugged.

"I'll look into that. Good work tonight, Kitty."

"Does that mean I get to cum twice tonight, Momma?" She asked, a sly grin on her face.

Momma snorted in amusement. "Yeah, I definitely spoil you way too much."

***

Kitty sat on the big plush chair in Momma's room, grumbling to herself as she rubbed her sore tail. A new person had started in the Kitchen that week, and Kitty had never liked him. She'd never really been able to pinpoint why she didn't like him, he just sort of rubbed her the wrong way. Today, he'd cemented her opinion of him by yanking on Kitty's tail, chortling as he did it like it was some kind of joke.

Laniwyn had been furious. She'd slapped the Orc right in the face, hissing out the word 'cunt'' several times. Laniwyn almost never spoke, only growling out the occasional curse word when she was really pissed. In a weird way, Laniwyn was almost more protective of her than Momma was. She could be a little... overzealous sometimes, actually. Kitty didn't really mind, it felt nice knowing that Laniwyn cared for her, same as Momma.

She'd considered telling Momma about the tail pulling thing, but after seeing how hard of a time Laniwyn had given the kitchen helper, she thought it wouldn't be necessary. Momma might be mad, or she might just find it funny. It was hard to tell with her, sometimes.

"Kitty, you here?" Momma's voice came from the door as it opened to admit her. She was dressed in her 'casual' hard leather armour, and she had a wooden crate tucked under one arm that clinked softly when she moved.

"Yes, Momma," Kitty replied, hopping off her chair and padding over to her eagerly, her tail swishing.

"You know what today is, Kitty?" Momma asked jovially, setting the crate down on the nearby table.

"Ummm... the... forty fifth?" she asked, trying to remember how the nonsensical PriMat calendar worked.

"The... Forty fifth? It doesn't even... Okay, nevermind. Today is the day I bought you from Go'a. Happy Birthday, Kitty, I got you a present."

Birthday...? Momma I don't understand," Kitty frowned in confusion. Momma never gave her... well, anything. She had no possessions and she didn't know what a birthday even was. The day Momma bought her? Shouldn't it have something to do with her birth if the word 'birth' was in it? She'd never understand this stupid calendar.

Momma grinned, and opened up the top hinge of the box. Inside were a collection of vials filled with a yellow liquid. Bits of detritus floated around inside each vial, making the inside look murky. "These are yours," she said, beaming.

Kitty raised a distrustful eyebrow and removed one of the thumb-sized vials. She removed the rubber stopper and sniffed at it. She only took one sniff before her nose wrinkled and she recoiled. "Guh. Momma, what is this? It smells like piss." Given how familiar she was with her Momma's urine at this point the statement came from a place of experience.

"Well, it mostly is. Pregnant mare piss, specifically."

"I..." Kitty frowned at her. "I don't get the joke Momma, I'm sorry."

"No joke. I found some horse breeder who sells this stuff. Its meant for women who are suffering side effects from their cycle ending. She told me if boys take it then it makes them more feminine and they grow breasts."

Kitty's eyes went wide. "Really? You're not joking?" It seemed like a cruel joke, but while Momma could be cruel, this didn't seem like the kind of mind-game she'd play with her.

"Well, fucked if I know whether or not it'll work. You're supposed to drink one a week. There's fifty two vials there so that should last until next year."

Without even a moment of hesitation, Kitty brought the vile-smelling liquid to her lips, and swallowed the entire contents in one gulp. The wave of nausea that hit her, hit her hard. It was disgusting. She retched violently, falling to her knees and gagging, fighting the reflex to puke it up. "Urk. Why is that... so gross..." she croaked, clutching her stomach.

Momma just laughed at her, probably finding her distress amusing. "It's distilled or something," she answered with a chuckle. "I won't force you to take it. You're plenty girly enough already as far as I care."

"Urgh. This better work or I'll..." she trailed off, and peeked up through the veil of her hair. Her Momma had taken two steps forward, casting a looming shadow over her.

"Or you'll what, Kitty?" she asked, her tone a mixture of amusement and threat.

"I'll... pen you a sternly-written letter?" She asked hopefully. That was probably the wrong thing to say. Then again, there was almost certainly no right thing to say at that point.

"Uh-huh. Well I'm right here Kitty so why don't you go and start drafting your thoughts on what you're going to include in this letter." As she spoke, Momma undid her pants, letting them fall to the floor. The dark green flesh of her cock dangled less than a foot away from Kitty's face, and she fought the urge to lean forward and start sucking on it. This far into their 'relationship,' Momma had selectively relaxed a few of the rules and the expectations she had for Kitty. Sex was another story though, if anything she'd gotten more strict about that. Kitty hadn't been told to suck, so she didn't start sucking.

"Umm... well, to begin with, I'd... uhh." Her breathing slowed a little as she stared at the object of her desires. She was totally rambling and had no actual direction she was going in with her speech but she doubted Momma would let her get far anyway. As she babbled, Momma turned around, removing her cock from sight. She glanced over her shoulder at Kitty, her expression expectant. "I'd want to outline the injustice of you toying with my emo—Hrrrpf!" Momma's hand was on the back of her head, shoving her face forward into the crack of her ass.

"Keep on going, Kitty. Your opinions are shit so let's get them in my ass where they belong. Preferably with some tongue." Momma chuckled as Kitty's face was shoved deep into her butt, her lips pressing against the sweaty rosebud. It was slick with perspiration and smelled really strong, Momma had clearly been out and about this morning. Her words were pretty scathing, but Kitty was quite sure she was just kidding around.

"Mmrrhph urrgh raiigggh," Kitty mumbled incoherently as she started to kiss and tongue Momma's wrinkled star. She was much tighter than Kitty was, so her probing tongue wasn't able to gain entry with the first few pushes. She kept at it, swirling and sucking on the soft ring of flesh nestled amongst the hard muscle surrounding her face.

"Mmm, I love that tongue of yours... yeah, get in there good, Kitty..." Momma grunted, and Kitty felt her body start to shake gently with the rhythm of her masturbation. She pressed her tongue harder into Momma's ass. A bit of an ache crept into the wriggling muscle as she used it as an anal battering ram, against nature's intentions. Well, it was Momma's intention, so that's all that mattered.

The bitter taste of ass filled her mouth even more completely as her tongue delved deeper into the vice-tight ring. Kitty had only ever gotten a finger up there once, and her Momma had yelped girlishly and slapped her wrist before it got far. She'd actually slapped hard enough to bruise, and Kitty had nursed a sore wrist for days afterwards. Momma didn't like surprises.

Momma started to moan deeper, grinding her ass against Kitty's face rhythmically as the pace of her strokes increased. "Fuck... uuugh!" Momma's ass clenched down on Kitty's tongue almost painfully. The fingers of her other hand tightened their grip on her hair until she was basically just pulling it. Kitty felt a shiver of delight pass through her Momma's body as she came, the pressure on her face and in her hair ebbing away as the pleasure did. She strongly considered furtively reaching down and stroking her own clitty, but the few times she'd tried, she'd not succeeded. Beyond that, the punishments for touching herself without permission had gotten steadily more severe, so she'd stopped trying.

"Momma, can I?" She asked instead.

"Nope. The mouthing off is kinda cute when we're alone, Kitty, but it's a punishable offense. You know that." Momma sighed happily and reached for her pants. She pulled them back into place as she turned around. Kitty did her best not to pout as her clitty went ignored, twitching with a bead of precum slowly gathering on the tip. "It's especially punishable since I just went through the effort to get you a present."

Kitty blushed in embarrassment, and she leaned forward to hug her Momma's legs. "I'm so sorry, Momma! I love the present, thank you so much!"

"You're welcome. If you like it I'll get it for you next year, too. Now let go of my legs I have to go have a stupid meeting with some moron. We'll talk about your punishment when I get back." Kitty released her and beamed up at her. Drinking the vile liquid had put a bit of a damper on the moment but she was actually ecstatic now that the taste was mostly forgotten. Boobs! She couldn't wait.

***

"Woooooowwww!" Dellie squealed, sprinting across the room and leaping at Kitty with open arms. Alarmed, Kitty braced herself and caught the projectile cat girl, letting herself be wrapped in a hug and almost knocked off her feet at the same time. "You look so feminine, Kitty! I love it so much!" Dellie seemed ecstatic. Rugana just raised an eyebrow at the comment. The two of them started gushing to one another like they were overly excited little kids.

"Did I miss something?" Zagrath asked, scratching his head.

"I got Kitty some hormones. They're supposed to fem her body up," she explained.

"How's that supposed to work? I can't even tell the difference between the boys and the girls in the first place, so long as they're wearing a skirt.

"Well, her nipples are kinda puffy and sensitive now but other than that I can't see any difference at all. Kitty's been raving about how much prettier she looks and I honestly thought she was just seeing what she wanted to see. Didn't have the heart to tell her she looks exactly the same, but if Dellie can see a difference too then fucked if I know."

Zagrath chuckled. "The 'shasa are weird. It's a good thing they're so cute. You okay with leaving them alone for a bit while we talk business?"

"Dellie's gonna molest Kitty again, isn't she?"

"Probably. I may have caved a little bit and bought her a new toy. That a problem?"

"Nah. Hey! You two! Stay where we can see you, yeah?"

"Yesssss Momma Ruganaaa!" Dellie called back before Kitty could answer. "Master bought me something so that we could play! You wanna seeee?" She giggled and led Kitty off to the other side of the room where a disorganized pile of odds and ends sat. The small pile was probably everything the girl owned in the world, and it was far more than Kitty owned.

"Right. So what's the story with the Red Scar?" Rugana asked, sitting down and taking a drink of the beer that had been left there for the two of them.

"They 'aint Red Scar no more. Someone stabbed Hakka in the throat two days ago. Dunno who their new chief is, but the whole Clan pretty much ran up the white flag after it happened. They know that the first person to get the announcement about their reformation had better be me." Zagrath smirked happily and a little bit smugly.

"Shit. You have anything to do with that?" Rugana asked.

"I wanted to ask you that, too. Nah I have no idea who did it. Could have been a random pissed off clanmate for all I know. Hakka sure was a piece of work." Zagrath shrugged.

"You're MY bitch now, Kitty!" Dellie giggled maniacally, and Rugana heard the mumbled stammer of one of Kitty's lame excuses.

"Hmm. Let's not celebrate too early then. When something looks too good to be true, then sometimes it is. I got some people who can go and poke around, maybe found out who did it." Rugana grunted, ignoring whatever it was that Dellie and Kitty were doing.

"Really? I was just gonna call it a day. Get some favorable terms out of the new Chief whenever they get appointed. This war has been crap for both of us, with all the shit Hakka's been pulling." Zagrath almost looked a little hurt, like Rugana was trying to belittle his accomplishment or something. 

"I know it has, Zagrath, especially for you. Doesn't mean we should close our eyes just 'cuz we both want an easy out." Rugana gave him a rueful smile. Zagrath sighed and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his forehead. Rugana could see she'd gotten through to him. Kitty squealed in the background in a way that led Rugana to believe she was getting fucked. When she glanced over, she saw her pet on all fours with Dellie hunched over top of her. Dellie was wearing some sort of harness around her waist that was keeping a cock-shaped object in place, and she was using it to fuck Kitty. "What the fuck?" Rugana laughed as she watched, amused by the scene. Kitty looked over at her, her face a mixture of guilt and a plea for mercy from her Momma. She got none, of course.

"Yeah that's what I bought for her. She's been saying that since Kitty is a bitch she needs a cock if she wants to have sex with her. I don't really follow the logic but she's been behaving really good lately so I got her a little something." Zagrath also chuckled as his pet started to inexpertly buck her hips against Kitty's ass. The movements made the girly little bitch moan and writhe all the same. Kitty loved taking it up the ass, Rugana knew she'd never complain. "Looks like she needs some more practice with that thing," Zagrath added.

"Well, I'm here all week. Anyway, where are you planning on deploying your attack craft now?"

Zagrath sighed. "I was going to bring them all back, but I guess I should keep a few out in the field. No sense in taking the risk just to save on fuel, huh?" He rested his elbow on the table and balanced his head in his hand. "It'd be nice if you didn't always make me feel the fool, Singing Spears." He said.

Rugana snorted, "We're all fools. That's why we have allies and advisors."

"Hrmph. Well, I'm glad you're one of my allies, Rugana." In the background, Dellie laughed mischievously, and Kitty cried out in pleasure.

***

"Momma! Please! I caaaaaaaan't" Kitty wailed as her legs trembled. Her grip on the iron railing was so tight that it was hurting her knuckles but she still felt like she was about to collapse.

"What do you mean you can't? Your little cocklet is still dripping pre, that means you've still got more left up there." Momma laughed as her fingers continued to piston in and out of her stretched boycunt, milking her prostate for all she was worth. Kitty just squealed loudly in response. The world spun, she felt dizzy, and the urge to actually have a proper climax was quickly being replaced with the desire to just have a break to catch her breath. There was no way someone in the city below hadn't glanced up and seen them by now, Momma had been going for a good fifteen minutes.

"Too... much..." She gritted her teeth as another spasm ripped through her, making her toes clench and her clitty add more precum to the growing puddle that was beginning to touch the tips of her big toes.

"You do have too much fluid saved up, I'm doing you a favor by draining all of... your..." Momma slowed to a stop, and then withdrew her fingers from Kitty's ass. A second later, her hand on Kitty's back also vanished. She hadn't been told to take a break, or to sit down, but she couldn't keep herself up anymore.

"Momma...?" She groaned as she collapsed into the puddle of precum at her feet, her forehead leaning against the railing.

"Who's there, what's going on?" Momma called out, not sounding like she was talking to Kitty at all. For a few seconds, she thought that everything was normal. Momma was just talking to someone, dealing with some Clan business. When she didn't get an answer coming from someone embarrassed to be walking in on the Chief playing with her pet, she realized that something was very wrong. She'd never heard the tension and the anger that had been in her Momma's voice before, and she'd known her over a year now.
