 NOTE: So in case anybody's not aware this story is super gay.

*****

Tierl laughed softly and smiled at her. He had such a pretty laugh, it always made her heart melt. She wrapped her tail around his affectionately as he rubbed his forehead against hers. "C'mon Qa-La... We've got all day, don't we?" he asked, running his hand along Lin'qa's stomach and making her shiver.

"I guess... my parents are away all day, but we need to be quiet. My servants are such gossipers," She murmured softly, darting her face forward for a quick peck on the lips.

Tierl walked over to the bed, dragging Lin'qa by the wrist along behind him. He glanced over his shoulder, still smiling that beautiful smile at her. They sat down on the bed together, and he put his hand on her back to draw her in close. Their lips pressed together, his were so soft and they made her shiver in delight. Everything flickered for a moment, and she was on her back. Tierl was on top of her, lifting her legs up to bend her in half.

"You're sure this won't hurt?" he asked, concern in his voice. He pressed his body into hers, his cock rubbing at her pucker.

"Don't worry, go ahead," She urged him on, impatiently, wiggling her hips for him.

"Okay, just... tell me if anything is wrong," he conceded, and pushed forward. his cock slid into her inviting hole, filling her with a lovely friction.

Lin'qa whined happily, wriggling underneath Tierl as they started to make love. Pleasure radiated through her as his cock slid against the magical spot inside her.

"Cmon, Kitty. Moan for Momma," Tierl growled softly, his voice suddenly deep and feminine. Confusion washed over Lin'qa. She'd had this dream about Tierl so many times, and it was always the same. Should something be different? Was Rugana supposed to be here? Rugana growled on top of her, folding her roughly in two. Her huge cock filled Lin'qa and it stretched her further than what she thought should be possible. Lin'qa's feet rested next to her head as the Orcess' cock plowed her. The rough sex was so different from the gentle intercourse she'd been having a moment ago, and it was pushing her to the girly orgasm that she'd been denied in the real world.

"M-Momma... please, I love your cock ssssssoooooo—" Her own voice faded out to nothing, the final word stretching out over what seemed like a very long time.

It wasn't a kick or a yell or a bright light in her face that woke Lin'qa up, but the muffled sounds of footsteps and activity in the room. The pleasure of her dirty dream faded, and she groaned unhappily as she was denied yet again. It took her sleep-addled mind a few seconds to realize that the normal, flowery, dirty dream she usually had about the gardener's boy hadn't gone the way it always did. She'd actually dreamed about Rugana. It was an unsettling thought.

She was awake now though, and the sound of movement in the room wasn't going away. Going back to sleep didn't seem like it was going to be plausible so she decided to sit up and talk to Rugana.

"Umm... Morning, Momma... can we talk a little about—"

"Nope, It's just me," Nissa responded, turning a lamp on. The bright light made Lin'qa whine and shield her eyes. "Saves me the effort of waking you up though. Do I need to wash Chief's blanket? There's a few spots."

"I... It should be mostly clean. I didn't get it dirty." she mumbled, blushing as she kicked off her thin little blanket.

"Kitty, do me a favor and don't just leave your blanket in a pile on the... Oh Gods, you leaked cum all over the floor. Next time ask the Chief if you can go to the bathroom after she cums in you. Ugh. Maybe I'll get you a bedpan." Nissa sighed, and Lin'qa blushed crimson as she realized what the wet feeling around her butt was. When she looked, she saw that it had sort of smeared all over the floor where she'd slept.

"Uhh... s-sorry Nissa, I..." Lin'qa stammered and mumbled, mortified.

"Huh? Don't be sorry Kitty, it's not your fault. Chief's the one I'm annoyed at. She didn't tell you to do anything weird like to keep it inside you, did she?"

"Huh? No, she... we just went to bed." Lin'qa avoided elaborating on the way the night had ended. She felt bad enough about it without Nissa scolding her.

"Alright," Nissa unclipped Lin'qa's leash. "You know where the servants' bathroom is. Go on. And if you think of trying to bolt I'll beat your skinny ass myself, you hear?"

"Not gonna run. Where would I even go?" Lin'qa grumbled as she walked towards the bathroom. She clenched her ring a little as she walked so that she didn't leak any more.

"Chief found some clothes for you to wear to work today. Said she'll tan your hide if she sees you trying to wear them outside of work. They're on the drying rack, I washed them last night." Nissa called to her as she entered the servant's bathroom. Lin'qa's breath caught in her chest when she saw what was lying there on the counter, waiting for her. It was a maid's outfit, that much was certain. Beyond the modest skirt and smock, and the straight, somewhat low neckline, it was frilly in a way that made her think that it was maybe not meant as a uniform. The material in the chest was almost see-through, and the skirt didn't go down that far. All in all she wasn't quite sure if it was a functional piece of clothing or a costume. In a fortress full of Orcs, it wouldn't surprise her if this was the only thing with an apron that would have fit her, but... She loved it.

Lin'qa desperately fought the urge to squeal happily and wear it just that second. It occurred to her that if Rugana learned that she absolutely adored this thing, she might take it away. Especially if she talked back. Should she be reluctant about it? No, probably too obvious. Be ambivalent and pretend it's not a big deal, she decided. As she took the outfit off the counter, she saw it was actually concealing a pair of slippers as well. As far as practicality went, this was probably a bigger deal. It meant she wouldn't have to walk around barefoot, her feet were starting to get sore

She put in on, frowning a little at the spots that didn't quite fit right. It was almost a little tight on her. She knew how to sew and could have fixed it, but wasn't sure if Momma would let her. Maybe she'd mention it to Nissa. She glanced at herself in the tiny mirror over one of the sinks, and suppressed a happy giggle. As far as she was concerned, it was the most adorable thing ever.

"Cute. Apparently it's been sitting in storage for years. Doesn't fit anybody here, obviously. Why do you have..." Nissa frowned at her and started to fish the leash out from in between Lin'qa and the dress. She pulled it end over end as Lin'qa giggled. The chain tickled her legs and stomach as Nissa pulled it upwards.

"I can't touch the latch," Lin'qa replied indignantly, stifling a squeal when the cold metal finally came free of the neck opening.

"Yeah but you can touch the actual leash. Yeesh. C'mon I got a lot to do today," She got the end of the leash free and turned around, dragging Lin'qa with her.

"No floors today?" she asked hopefully.

"Not for you," Nissa answered, but didn't elaborate.

As they moved through the fortress, Lin'qa smelled the kitchen before she saw it. They rounded the corner and the large kitchen spread out before them. There must have been room for twenty people inside. Lin'qa didn't even think that kitchens could actually get this big. This early in the morning, there was only about six people inside, chopping vegetables and doing various preparatory tasks. In the middle of the kitchen stood an elf who was busy stirring some sauce or soup in a pan. She occasionally added a small handful of chopped vegetables or spice and tasted the brown liquid. She was tall and skinny, unlike the Astral Elves back on Lek who were slightly squat and broad. The sides of her head were shaved short enough for Lin'qa to see the pale flesh of her scalp. Even on the top of her head, her hair was short and messy. She wore it in a little bit of a flip upwards at the front, frozen in place by some kind of wax, probably. She'd seen several males on Lek wearing their hair the same way. 

Nissa walked over and tapped the elf on the shoulder. The woman turned around, looking at Nissa with a raised eyebrow. Without saying anything, Nissa gestured towards Lin'qa, then made a broad gesture at the kitchen. The elf took out a small pad of paper and scribbled on it a bit, then showed it to Nissa, who nodded, and gestured back towards Lin'qa.

"Right, you're in the kitchen for now, Kitty. She's in charge, but one of the other kitchen staff will probably give you directions. See you tomorrow." Nissa gave Lin'qa a small wave before she headed out. As she left, the elf woman approached Lin'qa, a skeptical look on her face. She got awfully close to Lin'qa, peering down at her for several long moments. After the pause, she got her notebook back out and started writing. She wrote only one word, and turned it over to show Lin'qa

'Experience?'

She was definitely the deaf elf she'd heard Gehra's bodyguard talking about, and something occured to Lin'qa. Planar Common was the language that had proliferated throughout the planes over hundreds of celestial cycles, but other languages still existed. Lin'qa had studied several of them, and she wracked her brain a little for one in particular.

'Absolutely none, I'm very sorry.' Lin'qa signed, using the elven sign language she'd learned over five celestial cycles ago. She wondered if it was a mistake even as she did it. Just because the woman was an elf didn't necessarily mean she'd know this specific kind of sign language.

The elven woman recoiled a bit in surprise, her eyes going wide. She stood there, looking shocked for several moments. Eventually, she put her book away and her hands started signing back to her. 'You know how to sign? Is this a prank?' the woman looked suspicious.

'No. I learned a long time ago. I'm surprised I remember, actually.' Lin'qa giggled a little, somewhat gleeful that part of her education was actually coming in useful.

'I can tell. Your technique is awful.' The woman snickered at her, and Lin'qa's ears twitched. 'But I can understand you just fine, cutie pie. What's your name?'

Cutie pie? I must be reading that wrong. I'm Lin'qa, but everybody is calling me Kitty.' Lin'qa rolled her eyes a little, but was secretly thrilled that she got to give her actual name to someone without getting in trouble.

The elf woman snorted a laugh at her, a smirk on her face. 'Nah, I think you understood it just fine, sweet stuff. I'm Laniwyn. Everybody here calls me "Elf" so I know what you mean.' Laniwyn put her hand on her hip and grinned at Lin'qa. The elf gave her a very blatant head-to-toe leer.

Lin'qa blushed, not sure how to react to being hit on in sign language. She tugged a little on the hem of the maid outfit she'd been given. Her hands suddenly felt terribly out of place.

'Well, if you have no idea what you're doing in a kitchen I have pots for you to scrub in that sink over there.' Laniwyn pointed to a sink full of dirty pots in the corner with her thumb. Lin'qa winced a little at the sight of it. It looked pretty gross but maybe it'd be better than scrubbing floors. A flicker of movement brought Lin'qa's attention back to Laniwyn. She winced internally when she realized she'd missed the first half of what the elf was signing '...Just let me know, okay?'

'I'll figure it out, thanks Laniwyn,' she responded, wrapping her tail around her leg to keep it off the floor. She rolled her sleeves up as she went over to the stack of dirty pots. A hand grabbing and squeezing her ass as she turned around made her yelp in surprise. When she turned around, Laniwyn had the biggest grin ever on her face. The elf gave her a wink and a little wave, and then went back to her soup.

Lin'qa grumbled to herself softly, resigning herself to being objectified no matter where she went. She got to work filling the sink with hot water to start washing the pots. Laniwyn came by a few times to show her where to put things or to be inappropriately handsy with her, but the other workers in the kitchen mostly left her alone. Doing the dishes wasn't quite as bad as scrubbing the floors. She was allowed to stand up, she had clothes on, and she was able to be careful and avoid getting filthy.

After a few hours of work, Laniwyn's hand on her shoulder made her turn around, and she was expecting another pinch on her ass or a hand lingering on her waist. Instead the elf handed her a bowl of soup. 'Take a break. Eat something.' She pointed to a little table in the corner.

'Am I allowed? Chief is... particular.' Lin'qa replied, balancing the bowl down on the edge of the sink to sign properly.

'I like the Chief, but if she wants to put slaves to work in my kitchen then I'm sure as -- gonna feed them. She doesn't like it, she can fire me. Now go sit your cute butt down and have some soup.' Laniwyn signed rapidly, so fast Lin'qa could barely follow what she was saying, and she wasn't certain what the expletive was but it certainly looked lewd.

'Can I ask what this was?' Lin'qa repeated the gesture Laniwyn had used as best she could.

Laniwyn laughed out loud, a strangely pitched croaking noise that could only be made by someone who couldn't hear their own laughter. 'Something I wouldn't mind doing to you. Now go. Eat.' Laniwyn pulled her away from the sink and shoo'ed her off. Lin'qa didn't need to be told twice and grabbed her bowl of soup. There was a mostly empty little table in the corner and she went there to eat. Now that she had it, it actually smelled absolutely amazing, and she salivated as she sat down and took a spoonful. It was a dark brown broth that steamed gently, little bits of vegetables floating around just under the surface, not fully visible. Lin'qa blew on it gently before she took a sip, and was rewarded with a rich creamy taste that made her moan appreciatively. She'd been fed last night but she'd still been pretty hungry for the whole time she'd been here. The vegetables had just a little bit of crunch to them despite being immersed in the soup and it was perfect.

She tried to pace herself, she really did, but she devoured the entire bowl in record time. The sound of her purring echoed out of the bowl as she licked it clean. Laniwyn approached her a few moments after she finished. 'How was it? It's a new recipe I'm working on.'

'I loved it! Thank you so much Laniwyn.' She signed back happily, appreciative enough to overlook the elf's inappropriate conduct.

'You're so sweet. Maybe I'll ask the Chief if I can keep you. Finish up and get back to work. I like you but I'd rather not catch hell for pampering you.' Laniwyn ruffled Lin'qa's hair a little with an affectionate grin. She patted Lin'qa's cheek before going back to running her kitchen. Lin'qa took her bowl back to her sink and washed it herself. She set the clean bowl on a drying rack before getting back to work. The stack of pots that she was washing only seemed to get bigger and bigger as the day went, and her break hadn't helped that. The kitchen slowly seemed to kick into a faster pace as the evening got closer. More cooks and kitchen assistants filtered in over time, including a big burly orc who grunted at Lin'qa and took her spot washing the dishes. She was left to assist him drying and putting the pans away after he cleaned them. This was ultimately fine with her, she felt a tiny bit more useful this way. Besides, her hands weren't getting pruney anymore.

A high pitched whistle at the entryway grabbed everybody's attention. Lin'qa saw Rugana standing there in the doorway. Nobody said anything, she just extended her arm and made a 'come hither' motion. Her gaze was fixated firmly on Lin'qa. She wiped her hands clean and walked over to Rugana. Laniwyn nimbly darted her way through a half dozen other chefs to reach Rugana several steps ahead of Lin'qa. She thrust her little notebook at the Chief, something had clearly already been written in it ahead of time.

Rugana raised an eyebrow at Laniwyn, and looked over at Lin'qa like this was her fault. She took the notebook to read it without actually accusing Lin'qa of anything. She snorted, and looked over at Lin'qa again with a bemused expression. "Sounds like you made a friend, Kitty. She wants you to do your chores here from now on."

"Umm... I'd like that, Momma. Laniwyn is nice." Lin'qa mumbled, still a little afraid to talk to Rugana after what had happened last night.

"Huh? Laniwyn? Is that her name?" Rugana frowned, looking confused.

"Yeah, that's what she told me." Lin'qa frowned. Had Rugana really not known? She also felt kind of bad, talking about Laniwyn like she wasn't there. 'She wants to know why you want me here,' she signed to the elf.

'Tell her it's because I want to stare at your butt. Haven't had a cutie in my kitchen in decades,' Laniwyn replied with a huge smile.

"Is that sign language?" Rugana asked, taking Linqa's leash and giving it a bit of a tug. She still sounded very skeptical.

"Y-Yeah. I was just telling her that you wanted to know why she wanted me here. She just... hasn't had anybody to talk to in a while, y'know?" Lin'qa smiled nervously, looking up at the big, very unconvinced Orcess.

'Hey! You're lying to her aren't you?' Laniwyn signed to her with a grumpy look on her face. 'Don't be rude! Tell her what I actually said!'

"Kitty," Rugana said, her tone dangerous. The leash tightened threatening. Clearly she realized something was up, and Lin'qa lamented her lack of skill in espionage.

"She... uhh... she said she wants me here so she can stare at my ass." Lin'qa admitted begrudgingly, her ears drooping.

"Fair enough. That's a motivation I can respect." Rugana laughed, giving Laniwyn a smile as she grabbed a handful of Lin'qa's butt. Her strong hand squeezed the soft flesh so hard it made her whine. "Alright, I'll send you here from now on. Gonna have to do something about you trying to lie to me, though."

"But..." Lin'qa started, but then immediately stopped.

"Yeah, don't make it worse, Kitty." Rugana snickered as she turned around. Lin'qa had no time to stress about the trouble she was in before the leash went taut and dragged her. The big Orcess led her back to the room they both slept in and dropped the leash. "Go get changed. I gotta double check something and then we're going somewhere for a bit."

Lin'qa gave Rugana a skeptical look, but the Orcess turned her back so quickly that she probably saw nothing. She gathered her courage and spoke. "Umm... can I at least keep the slippers on, Momma?"

"Huh? Oh yeah I guess that makes sense, go ahead," Rugana replied distractedly. Lin'qa immediately scurried off before she could change her mind. Nissa wasn't in the little servant's room or the adjoining bathroom. She had the dingy little set of conjoined rooms to herself, and she used the solitude to heave a heavy sigh. She didn't dawdle too much though, and peeled the little maid outfit off. It was a little bit of a struggle, putting the outfit on proved to be much easier than taking it off. After several moments she cleanly extricated herself from the garment and hung it carefully on a rack in the corner of the servant's room. The frilly thing looked kind of out of place between a counter stacked with towels and a tall closet that looked like it was probably full of other cleaning implements. She paused for a second, and darted into the bathroom to wash her hands, cleaning the leftover grime off of them from the work day. She caught herself looking wistfully at the little slippers. These flimsy things would fall right off if she tried to run away at anything more than a brisk walk. Not only that, but the big iron collar and runed iron bands would signify her as an escaped slave at a moment's glance.
