 CHAPTER 4: The Challenge and The Vision

Pausing a moment to sweep a stray curl out of her face with the back of her hand, Allorah briefly scanned the hall. Most of the rectangular space was taken up with the rows of pallets on either side, nearly all of them occupied by injured men. It was the largest room in the village, originally built for the assembly of the Council of Elders and designed to hold a throng of spectators. At the moment, however, it served as a makeshift hospital. There had to be at least fifty men here, but Allorah felt a swell of pride knowing she had already checked on and treated more than half of them. Dannonae was busy caring for the other half, and soon they would be able to leave matters in the hands of one of the more medically skillful village women and go back home for some much-needed rest. 

She was bone-weary, and frequently smothered yawns, irritably blinking away the moisture when her eyes watered in reaction. It seemed amazing to her that her eyes could still feel so grainy even with all the yawn-induced tears. 

Bending back to her current patient, she finished wrapping the new dressing around his thigh and tied it off adeptly. Allorah let her eyes close for a moment and murmured a short prayer for his fast recovery. When she opened them again, the man was looking up at her, a grateful smile on his mouth. 

"Thank you, Allorah. You are surely a blessing sent to us from the Gods."

Allorah made a gentle tsking noise but smiled down at him. "You're too kind, Kalo. I am merely doing my job."

His expression turned more serious. "Still, you do so much. Perhaps too much. You mustn't push yourself too hard."

"I won't." She told him. He didn't look convinced. 

"Promise a poor, wounded man that you will take care of yourself?" He looked so pitiful that Allorah couldn't help but chuckle and nod her assent. 

"I promise. I am nearly finished here, and then I will rest a while." 

With a contented sigh, he relaxed back into his pillow and Allorah patted his wrist and rose to her feet. She was careful to conceal the dizzy wave that swept over her before moving to the next man needing her attention.

It was over an hour more before she was through. The torches had been lit to ward off the encroaching gloom of evening and the sounds of people readying the communal fire drifted up through the branches. Even with the constant danger from the invaders, the townsfolk had deemed fireside time so essential to maintaining and reinforcing their bonds as a community, that they risked it every night. The only change was the absence of those Hunters assigned as sentries at posts all around the village. If the foreigners attempted an attack, they would warn those around the fire in time to get them to safety. 

Allorah stretched and rolled her shoulders. Her eyes roamed over the resting men until they alighted on Varyn. Dannonae had somehow managed to find him a set of clothes that mostly fit, though the knee-length shirt was a little tight over his broad shoulders, and the trousers just a hair too short. They had not managed to find any boots that would accommodate his large feet, so he went without, but he didn't seem to mind and it was close enough to work until they came up with something better. So garbed, he had opted to join the two of them as they went about their healing duties, though he made no move to help. Instead, he had occupied himself by talking quietly with those men who were alert enough to do so. Allorah had caught wisps of their conversations and it seemed he was questioning them closely about the martial abilities of the enemy. Since it seemed to bring a certain level of comfort to the men, she was glad he had found something to do other than watch her, because she was worried that his gaze would cause stray thoughts of their recent encounter to surface and distract her. 

Her body still seemed to thrum with physical memory of it, though her demanding afternoon had buried the effect somewhat. But every time she looked in his direction, a faint pulse echoed from her core, reminding her. A soft throb came from her aching nether region just thinking about it. It made her want to reach down there and massage the ache out... 

Allorah realized the direction of her thoughts with a start and hid her blush by turning away from the room to collect her personal healing items. She must be more tired than she'd thought to be thinking such things. 

As she turned back to the room with renewed composure, Dannonae stood from what she was doing and made her way over. "We've both done enough for one day, I think. You are going home, then?"

"I thought I'd first stop by the fire and perhaps bring the Warrior with me." She replied. "Maybe his presence will bring people some hope." 

Dannonae nodded. "Good idea. And if him being there doesn't reassure them, your presence certainly will." Allorah frowned slightly in question. Dannonae smiled. "It is the nature of being a Priestess, my dear. People see you as not only a spiritual leader, but a figure they can draw comfort from, and rally to, in times of distress. Your strength gives them strength in turn."

"I hear your words..." She said slowly. "But surely they don't yet see me that way?"

"Of course they do." Dannonae asserted. "They saw you as a Priestess from the first time you joined them at that fire at the age of fifteen. And that impression has only been strengthened over the years, especially by how you've served since the fighting began." 

The old Priestess saw her expression of doubt and told her, "When you go down to the fire tonight, watch them. Notice how they treat you, how they watch you, subtly, yet attentively. And see what your observations tell you."

Allorah nodded. "Where are you going then? To bed I hope..." She trailed off, giving the older woman a stern look. Dannonae chuckled.

"Doubt yourself you may, but that expression is the mark of a genuine Priestess! Ah, I've taught you well..." They shared a grin before Dannonae sobered, patting her hand. "I will go to bed this night, I promise. But first I must pray. I fear with all the commotion over the invaders' newest, boldest move, I may not get another chance anytime close to the full moon."

"Oh. I understand, Mother."

Another pat on her hand, and Dannonae turned to go. "Gods be with you, Priestess." Allorah called gently. Dannonae looked over her shoulder, a small smile on her lips.

"And you... Priestess."

Shaking her head bemusedly, Allorah went the opposite way over to Varyn. He watched her approach then politely excused himself from his conversation with one of the patients. He nodded his agreement to join her at the communal fire and the two of them made their way out of the long building and down the ramps to the forest floor. 

Under the trees, night came early and quickly, bringing a chill, that coupled with the residual dampness from the storm, made her glad of the blazing warmth of the fire. There was a large crowd gathered already, sitting and eating and talking. As Allorah came into the circle of firelight, people hailed her, letting her through and clearing a seat close to the flames. Because of Dannonae's comments, she was aware of the respectful attention that everyone paid her. Then someone noticed Varyn. 

Several of the men stood quickly, their bodies tense, readying themselves for a fight. Allorah spoke quickly to prevent any violence.

"Everyone! This is the Warrior Varyn. I have brought him here in the hope that he will be able to assist us in our fight against the invaders."

There was quiet for a minute as her words sank in. The men standing, all of whom she saw were Hunters, looked at one another, frowning. She noted though, that the frowns were more worried than doubtful, and after a moment they all nodded in Varyn's direction and took their seats again. She silently thanked Dannonae for being right, for surely if these people didn't hold her in high regard, that would not have gone over nearly so well. Conversations resumed slowly, at a quieter level than before. Someone offered Allorah a bowl filled with grilled fish and vegetables and after a tiny hesitation, handed one to Varyn as well. 

As she ate, she continued to watch the villagers' reactions. There were many covert glances stolen at him, and some obvious ones, but all of them seemed to be curious in nature, as opposed to suspicious. As laughter joined the talking, Allorah loosed a little sigh of relief. Things were going to be all right. They would accept him. 

She finished eating and merely listened to the community around her. In all her business, she'd forgotten how much peace she found in simply being here among her people. 

Movement off to the side caught her eye. It was Geldan, seemingly returning from his patrol. A seat was cleared for him and he was handed a bowl of his own. Several men leaned in to talk to him and she caught the whisper of, "...Warrior."

Geldan didn't look up, saying mildly. "So I hear. We met earlier today."

A few people looked interested at that and pressed him for details, but he only shrugged casually, declining to discuss it. Allorah caught herself frowning, and quickly schooled her features to smoothness. For some reason, his casualness didn't seem right to her. Not after the obstinate suspicion he's shown that afternoon. 

Dusk deepened to true night and as the last people finished eating, the dishes were taken away. More logs were added to the fire and the younger children led off to their beds. The conversations turned to darker themes as people began to talk in earnest.  

Geldan waited for a general lull in the conversations to speak up. "So. Warrior." He said, still casual. Silence descended over the crowd. "You're here to help us." Allorah felt her uneasiness deepen. She didn't know where he was going with this, but she had the foreboding impression that it wasn't good. Her feeling was intensified a moment later when he said. "But, so far, none of us have heard how exactly you intend to do that."

Eyes turned to Varyn for his response. He returned evenly, "That depends on what you want me to do. And what you will allow me to teach you."

"Teach?" Geldan's raised his eyebrows in surprise. "You're going to teach us? What sort of things?"

"I will teach you War."

Geldan looked around as whispers flitted through the crowd. "That's an awfully broad topic, Warrior... Certainly you can give us something more specific?"

"The first thing I will teach you is tactics." He told them, his green gaze steady on Geldan. "As a hunting people, you fight well enough, but your use of the territory is pathetic. This is your land, you know it better than anyone. Doubtless better than these invaders, yet you don't use that to your advantage."

Anger flashed across Geldan's expression before he returned it to a strained neutral. "And you think you can do better?"

"I know it."

"How do you know it? Where does all this knowledge come from anyway?" He was rapidly losing his calm façade, his voice growing heated. 

"Geldan..." Allorah said lowly, warningly.

"And being so knowledgeable, of course you already know that there hasn't been a Warrior on this island for over a century. Because there haven't been any wars! Which means that wherever you gained your Warrior skills, it wasn't here. Coincidentally, the only people who seem to know as much about war as you do, are the invaders trying to kill us all!" He had dropped all pretenses now and was openly glaring. "I say you're one of them!"

"That is enough!" Allorah snapped, rising to her feet. "This man is our ally, Hunter, and I will not have you abuse him so!" Geldan stood too.

"With all due respect, Allorah, how can you know for certain? Of course he claims be an ally. A Warrior even!" His tone dripped with ridicule. "But have you any proof? Have you ever actually seen him kill a foreigner?"

Allorah opened her mouth to upbraid him for his intolerable rudeness, then stopped as she realized she hadn't ever seen anything to support Varyn's claims... Yes, his eyes were strange, but that alone wasn't enough to reveal anything, and there was no actual evidence to prove his skill. Or his allegiance. Her mouth tightened in frustration. "No." She answered grudgingly.

A triumphant gleam lit his eyes and he pressed his advantage, sensing her inner debate. "Exactly. There is only his word for any of it." Ominous muttering rippled through the spectators. Geldan seemed to take encouragement from it and his next comment was directed partially at them. "Only his word that he will not lead the invaders here to murder us in our beds!" The mutters rose to an angry buzz directed at Varyn. 

"Careful, Hunter." She with a dangerous softness. The crowd immediately went dead silent. "This is the second time today you have disputed the information I have already accepted as truth. Any further accusations I will take as a personal affront. When you question his word, you question mine."

Geldan's eyes widened, he seemed to flounder for some way to respond. The quietly powerful voice of Varyn saved him from having to. "He is right, though, actually." 

It was Allorah's turn for shock as all eyes turned to him in inquiry. He gave a crooked smile. "I have shown you nothing yet to merit your trust. And as you are under attack, your refusal to give it unconditionally is only to be expected. I will simply have to provide you with proof of my legitimacy."

"And how do you propose to do that?" Geldan asked nastily. He seemed to have regained his speech.

Varyn did not respond to the tone. "You spoke today of the threat of invaders in the woods nearby." He stared calmly at Geldan. "I will remove that threat." 

Several of the Hunters around the fire made loud scoffing noises. One of them who Allorah didn't know the name of spoke up. "Don't you think we tried that? There are too many of them to attack. Too fierce. And we haven't the men to be able to afford such a maneuver."

Varyn looked unfazed. "I intend to go alone. Tonight." 

This time there was a much louder outburst of exclamations and protests. Geldan looked as though he had something to say, but he kept his mouth closed after a glance at Allorah. The same man as before spoke again, incredulous. "That is suicide; I don't care how good you claim to be. And even if it wasn't... If you go alone, how can we know you don't go to rendezvous with them?" Allorah glared at him in warning and he quickly added, "But if you insist on following through with such insanity, someone should at least go with you. If only to tell us all how you died." There was quiet a moment as they waited for Varyn's reply.

"That is the one thing you will have to trust me about." He said slowly. "I go alone." He rose from his seat and in the orange illumination of the flames he looked truly daunting. "You will have your proof." And he turned and walked into the dark.

Voices raised in conversation and question. Several of the Hunters rose as well and made as if to follow, but Allorah halted them with a look and went after him on her own. She caught up to him quickly, and grabbed his wrist to pull him to a stop. Her eyes were still adjusting to the night away from the fire, but she could clearly see his emerald gaze glowing down at her with a hint of golden light. 

"You don't have to do this, you know." She told him. "There are other ways."

"But what did you summon me for, if not this?"

"I certainly didn't summon you to die!" She said sharply. 

She felt, more than saw his smile. "Could it be that you are worried for my safety?" He asked teasingly. Allorah said nothing. "Never fear, my lovely one. It would take much more than a few mere humans to fell me. I will return."

The almost arrogant confidence of his tone both exasperated and reassured her. She sighed. "When?"

"When I am finished." He bent and took her lips in a slow, firm kiss that left her wanting. His mouth curled in a smug little smile as they parted. "Go back home, Allorah. Sleep."

Her mouth twisted wryly. "Not likely. But I'll go home anyway." The smile slipped away, and she searched what she could discern of his features through the dark. "Be careful." She murmured.

His hand cupped her cheek, thumb trailing along her lips. Then he stepped back and turned to disappear into the shroud of nighttime. She blinked. One moment she saw him, the next she didn't, though she thought she should have been able to view some trace reflection of light off his remarkable silver hair. But there was nothing. She peered around her for a moment more, listening, and detected only the quiet forest sounds, and those of the people around the fire. Perhaps he would be able to manage this after all...

She returned briefly to the fire to bid everyone a good night, before beginning the walk up to the the treetops and then to her home at the eastern edge of the village. It was only when she was halfway up the ramp to the house that she realized Varyn had taken no weapon. 

Halting immediately, she turned to go back down then paused. She anxiously caught her bottom lip between her teeth. He was certainly long gone by now. There was nothing she could do, but it made her almost physically ill to think of him completely alone out there in such grave danger, without even a dagger to defend himself. She told herself to calm down. Trust that he knew what he was doing. And if he was a dragon, what difference would having a man-made weapon make anyway? 

It didn't help. Panic constricted her chest. 

Allorah made herself start walking back up the ramp again. Even breaths. She tried to distract herself from the gruesome thoughts by analyzing her reaction. Why should she care so much? Her fear was far too real to attempt dismissing it as simple concern for the potential loss of an ally, and she certainly wasn't afraid he was going to betray her people. So why? The answer loomed starkly in front of her, but she shied away from acknowledging it, even as she accepted its truth. She wasn't sure why she was avoiding even thinking it, except that it filled her with a completely different sort of fright. 

She walked the rest of the way up trying to think of nothing at all. 

***

Sitting outside on her little balcony, she pulled the shawl closer around her bare shoulders, and looked up at the stars. She thought of trying to count them all to ease her worry. She knew both tasks were impossible. Instead, she settled for picking out the constellations, reciting each one's story to herself under her breath.

There was the fish, swimming through the inky waters in the endless search for his brother on the other side of the sky. There was the tree under whose sparkling branches reclined the maiden, and whose far-reaching roots touched the back of the mole. And there was the cat, ever hunting the unsuspecting bird with its magnificent, twinkling plumage. There was the dragon... 

The dragon.

Constellations were really not that interesting after all, she decided. Definitely not worth freezing herself for. Allorah stood up from the bench and went inside, closing the door firmly behind her. 

To keep the candles from being blown out, she unrolled the woven cloth draperies to cover her windows, before going into the main room. Maybe some sedative tea would let her fall asleep. She sat at the table while she waited for the water to heat, unconsciously twisting the corner of her shawl between anxious fingers. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the panel of the hidden entrance to the room below swing open, and Dannonae stepped out. Allorah didn't look over, but continued worrying the cloth between her fingers, thinking. Seeing her distraction, the old Priestess went over to the stove and looked at the jar Allorah had taken out for her tea. 

