 CHAPTER 3: Heartland

As they walked, Allorah began telling Varyn what she knew of the strange invaders that plagued them. When they had arrived, when the aggressions started, what was know about their customs, an estimate of their population. From time to time, Varyn interjected a question, mostly pertaining to their favored weaponry, or what she assumed to be questions about their strategies. She could only offer vague assistance here, for she had never seen an actual battle; only the aftermath. There wasn't much to tell anyway, for the foreigners remained nearly as much of a mystery as when they had first arrived. 

After quickly exhausting her store of knowledge, they lapsed into silence. Allorah darted glances at her companion who tread the ground with feet as silent as the island cats he so resembled in manner. To all appearances, he was completely at ease, yet Allorah had the distinct impression he was acutely aware of everything around him, and ready to spring to action at the least notice. 

She was grateful he had no cause to do so over the course of their trek. The morning forest was peaceful and lovely and she felt herself relaxing as they neared the village. 

It therefore came as a shock when three men suddenly burst from the foliage. Varyn stopped as she did, and she couldn't tell if he had purposely placed himself in between her and the men, or if that just happened to be where he'd halted. Her heart was hammering at the abrupt encounter, but from the casual lines of his back, he seemed unfazed. 

The men slowly arrayed themselves in a semi-circle, blocking the way ahead. They were covered from crown to toe in furs, with nondescript cloth masking all but their eyes from view. Each of them held a spear with steady hands and had a bow slung across their backs. 

The one in the center spoke. "Declare yourself. Who are you that dares tread this sacred ground?"

Allorah recognized the voice at the same time she realized that they didn't know she was present. All their attention was focused upon Varyn who had made no sign of answering. His posture remained easy, but the men began shifting aggressively, perhaps interpreting his silence as an indication of hostility.

"Geldan!" She called quickly, and before anyone could react she stepped from behind Varyn to address them. The center one's eyes widened above his mask. 

"Allorah?" He pulled the cloth away from his face and stared at her. She noticed his eyes travel up and down her body hungrily, aware that the sunlight must make her garment practically invisible. She did her best to not think about that, but she unconsciously clutched the objects she carried so that they covered her chest. "What are you doing here?"

"I could ask the same of you." She countered. "Since when have Hunters sought their prey on hallowed land?"

His eyes were troubled, but his voice, when he answered, held anger and a fierceness that worried her. "Since the invaders tried to flank us last night by sneaking through these very same woods."

Her stomach knotted, self-consciousness forgotten. "Did they reach the village?" She asked anxiously.

He shook his head. "We detected them before they got very far and were able to drive them away. But the Elders suspect they will try again, so Hunters have been sent out to make sure they do not catch us unawares." He suddenly seemed to remember Varyn's presence and his face hardened. "Who is he?"

Allorah glanced at Varyn, her gaze lingering as she saw him as they would. Tall, fair-haired, aloof, and very foreign. With the cat-skin as his only clothing, he should have looked ridiculous, but something about the way he carried himself, or the almost unnatural stillness about him turned the effect into something intimidating. When he showed no intention to answer for himself, Allorah turned back to the others.

"This is the Warrior Varyn." She stated solemnly. "He is here to aid us."

The two men with Geldan made noises of disbelief. He motioned them to silence, but his face was all doubt. "To aid us." He repeated, staring at Varyn suspiciously. "And how do you know one such as him will not betray us instead?"

Allorah drew herself up indignantly. "I know, Hunter Geldan, because I am the one who summoned him to help us."

"And just where did you summon him from?" The suspicion still lay heavily in his tone. Allorah felt her patience coming to an end. She was tired, hungry, worried about her home, and sore in highly embarrassing places. She let her voice sharpen, and her gaze chill.

"That is the Priesthood's affair, Geldan. And while I appreciate your caution, I will not tolerate being interrogated. Is that clear?" He seemed first surprised at the edge in her voice, then shamed by her words. His gaze dropped and he bowed his head respectfully.

"Yes. Please accept my apologies."

She let the silence hang heavy for a moment before nodding. She glanced around at the men and back to Geldan who seemed to be their chosen leader. "Perhaps we can continue this conversation when you return to the village? I find my need for food and rest to be rather pressing, so if you'll excuse us..."

"By yourself?" He cut in. "There could still be invaders about."

"She is safe with me." Varyn spoke quietly, but the timbre of his voice held a trace of command. It seemed to startle the men, as if in his silence, they had almost forgotten he was there. Allorah realized his words carried a strange accent which she had not noticed in speaking with him before, but put it aside for later thought as she waited to see how Geldan would respond. 

His mouth thinned in displeasure. "Be that as it may, stranger, the trespass of the invaders onto these lands marks this as a time of danger." His tone made little distinction between the words "stranger" and "invader," letting it be known that he considered the two practically the same thing. "It would ease my conscience if were I to accompany you both back to the village."

"What of your hunt?" Allorah interjected, a little irritated at his stubborn suspicion. 

"My men will continue without me." Though he spoke to her, his eyes continue to regard Varyn. She sighed. There seemed no point in arguing with him until she'd eaten and rested.

"Fine. Shall we go, then?" 

He nodded once. "I will be but a minute. You should go ahead." Allorah raised an eyebrow, but he'd already turned to his men and was in murmured conference with them. 

"Come," Varyn said. His face was unreadable, his eyes intent. She noted before stepping forward to lead the way, that his eyes had changed back to that startling pure emerald color, and his pupils were once again round. 

There were no definitive paths in this part of the forest, but she chose a route that was wide enough for them to travel abreast of one another. The almost tangible pressure of his gaze when he was behind her made her uncomfortable. At least when he was beside her, she could see when he was watching her. 

Geldan joined them shortly, walking slightly behind. None of them made any attempts at conversation, just watched the surrounding greenery. Allorah got the distinct impression that two men were using this time to assess one another, though she couldn't be sure what they were measuring. One of the times she glanced at Geldan, she saw him regarding Varyn with a frown, but he looked away almost as soon as she'd read his expression. And Varyn, though he never actually looked at Geldan, nevertheless seemed to be aware of, and returning the silent inspection. The whole thing put Allorah's nerves on edge, so when the first delicate tree-bridge appeared far overhead, she let loose an internal sigh of relief. 

Geldan walked them a short distance more into the village before halting. "I must return to my men. I will leave you here."

Allorah stopped too, as did Varyn. "Thank you for the escort, Hunter." He nodded.

"You're welcome." He unexpectedly took her hand, speaking low. "Be careful, Allorah. These are very dangerous times, and treachery often wears friendship's face." His eyes darted to Varyn who was idly studying the arboreal structures. She felt her irritation swell again. He just would not let it the matter rest.

"Geldan, I thought I made it clear that he is here to—" 

"You did." She raised an eyebrow at the interruption, but he continued before she had a chance to speak. "I just ask that you take care, regardless. Please."

She searched his dark grey eyes and found only earnest concern. Slowly she nodded. He looked relieved. Then the expression was gone as he donned his stoic Hunter's face. He let her hand drop and stepped back. 

"Good day to you both. May the Gods watch over you."

"And you, Hunter."

He glanced once more at Varyn then turned on his heel and began the hike back to his men. She watched him go, troubled and a little confused by his words.

"Priestess," Varyn's bass murmur brought her back to the present.

"Um, Varyn," she began, uncomfortable as she realized she'd been remiss in correcting his mistaken impression of her rank, "You should know... I am merely an apprentice. Not a full priestess." She felt a slight blush color her cheeks in embarrassment. 

He looked at her for a moment then replied with certainty. "Yes you are."

She shook her head. "No. I realize I may have lead you to believe that, but I never actually said—"

"You didn't need to. Your abilities speak for themselves."

She frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Only an accomplished priestess can perform the Summoning. It would be impossible for any apprentice."

"He is right, you know." Allorah turned quickly to the new speaker. It was Dannonae, looking frailer and wearier than ever. Still, she wore a large smile and her voice was filled with warmth. She walked forward and pulled her into a quick hug, whispering in her ear, "You did it, Allorah. I'm so proud of you!" 

Releasing her, she faced Varyn. "And you are the Warrior." To Allorah's astonishment, she began lowering herself stiffly to her knees. "It is an honor to meet you."

"No, Old Mother," he said, gently taking her elbows and raising her up, "Do not kneel to me. The honor is mine." He bowed his head and his face showed genuine respect. Dannonae returned the nod and when they both looked up they seemed to share some unspoken communication. 

Allorah was speechless. She had never seen Dannonae bow to anyone in her entire life, and up until seeing it, would have hardly believed it possible of the proud Varyn. Her face must have reflected her surprise, because the two of them turned an inquisitive eye on her. Dannonae was the first to break the silence.

"Now, there are many questions I would like to ask you, and I'm sure, Warrior, that there are things of your own you would like to know. But perhaps first we should all adjourn to a more comfortable location? Surely you both must be hungry."

"Indeed, Old Mother." His lips curved in a small smile that when he glanced in Allorah's direction, suggested that his hunger wasn't entirely for foodstuffs. Allorah felt herself flushing and she looked anxiously to see if Dannonae had noticed, but she had already started leading them to one of the many lifts that gave access to the arboreal structures. 

Though there were several ramps that would lead to the village proper, they were all located in the middle of the town, most of around the communal fire. These spiraling walkways were wound about the enormous trunks of the trees, landings giving access along the way to rooms built right into the tree trunks. At the summit of the great ramps were the paths and suspended platforms that rested in the sheltering boughs of the wooden giants. Fragile-seeming bridges connected the collections of tree-houses, so that from the ground, looking up, the village had the appearance of a giant spider-web hanging almost a hundred and fifty paces in the air.

However, the village being as large as it was, it was not particularly practical for the only access to the ground –and the small gardens nestled between the tree roots— to be from the very center of the town. So the inhabitants had constructed small, pulley-operated lifts much more conveniently placed in each house-harboring tree. 

Dannonae led them to the closest one and closed the little gate as soon as all three of them were inside. Because of the clever design of the lifts, Dannonae had no trouble operating the winch on the side of the compartment that slowly caused them to rise into the treetops, even with three people inside. 

The little platform rose slowly, and Allorah took the opportunity to survey her home. There were no signs of any battles having taken place here, no sign of war or danger at all, aside from the unusual lack of people on the ground. Under peaceful circumstances, at this time of day most of the village would be on the ground, tending to their gardens or searching for mushrooms and roots, or sharing each other's company as they gathered the silken strands of bark from special trees that they would later spin into thread for cloth. Others, mostly men, would be deeper in the forest hunting game, or out in little boats that hugged the coast while they fished. 

Perhaps if she were a stranger to this place, ignorant of how it used to be, she would have considered its present state lovely. As it was, the deserted floor was highly unsettling and it left a sting of grief in her heart. She rested the hand unburdened with the spell's materials on the railing, her hair falling forward around her face as she bowed her head.

It was early afternoon now, and the sun had traded its sparkling white quality for a clear lightness that came filtered through the trees as a soft green glow. The summer air was delicious, perfectly pleasant beneath the trees, filled with the soft creak of rope and timber that was omnipresent in the treetop village. There was a slight dampness here and there from last night's storm, saturating the colors and making them brilliant. It should have been a wonderful day, but Allorah knew better. 

A warm hand covered hers on the railing. She looked at the long, elegant fingers and the powerful forearm it was attached to, then up to Varyn's face. He was standing beside her, and like her had been studying the forest floor. Feeling her gaze on him, he looked down at her, his emerald eyes somber. 

It was a chaste gesture, one of consolation, but somehow the simple touch loosed a pleasurable warmth through her body, and a delicate flutter in her stomach. A part of her mind bristled in rebellion to her reaction, declaring it would not allow itself to be put under his mysterious influence again. She looked down again at the hand that cupped hers so carefully and after a moment, let it stay. 

At last they reached the top and Varyn's hand left hers. With it, the warmth in her body lessened, but didn't leave completely. Dannonae led the way again, though Allorah could have just as easily. Still, she was content to follow and watch as Varyn took in the unique sights of their little world in the trees. A mild interest colored his features and she got the impression that he was committing everything to memory. It was several more minutes of traveling in silence before they reached the ramp that led to their final destination. 

It was the biggest tree in the village, the biggest on the island. So wide around, fifty men couldn't encircled it with outstretched arms, and so tall that its crown rose right up through the canopy surrounding it. It took another spiraling walkway around its enormous trunk to reach the collection of rooms that had been the home of the island's priestesses for as long as could be remembered. The ramp wasn't steep, but it was lengthy. In her state of exhaustion, Allorah found the climb far more strenuous than usual and sighed in relief when they climbed the final step-ladder and reached the balcony of the house. 

Up so high, there was nearly always a breeze blowing in off the sea. The air held a twinge of salt, tempered by the mellower scents of the earth, and the view stretched unlimited all around, particularly clear now after the storm. It was so clear that in pausing to take in the view, Allorah could even see the interruption in the gentle green blanket of forest that was the invaders' settlement to the north. Anger rose unbidden at the sight of the verdant land turned to a drab brown, so that she turned away quickly and went into the house. Varyn followed.

Aside from its sheer magnitude, there was another thing that made this tree so unusual: the trunk continued upwards, far more slender now at its peak, but other, thick branches fanned out around it, much like a flower in blossom. This allowed for a sizable structure to be built upon it. One main room with small cooking and dining areas, two bedrooms, and a secret room below all this, created from the natural cavern where the branches met trunk. The delectable smell of simmering stew filled the house and distracted Allorah from her fury. There would be time enough later for that, she told herself. 

No one spoke much during the meal, and when they were finished, Dannonae gathered the dishes to clean later, then turned back to them. 

"I'll see what I can do about getting you some proper clothing, Warrior." She looked him up and down and said half to herself, "Though your hight may complicate things a little..." She smiled brightly, shaking herself free of her thoughts. "In the mean time, please make yourself at home. I will be back shortly."

Allorah watched her go with something close to resentment. There she went, just leaving her alone with him, to fend for herself. Well, he'd have to take care of himself now, because she was going to go get dressed in something other than the flimsy robe. It was entirely too transparent to continue wearing. 

She rose from the table without looking at him, though she knew he was watching her, lounging casually in his chair with his arms crossed. Without saying anything, she walked to her room and quietly shut the door. 

She leaned her head back against its rough surface, breathing deep and letting her silly heart steady its rhythm. The room was simple in decoration, a wide bed that had been present when she first came to live here, a chest at its foot containing her clothes and few personal items, and a small table and chair next to the door across the room that led out to her own little balcony. One window on the wall next to the bed and another over the table let in light that shifted and swayed in time with the sun-dazzled leaves right outside. It was not much, but it was hers. Her personal haven. 

Making her way to the chest, she noticed gratefully that Dannonae had left her some wash-water in a pitcher on her table. She still felt mostly clean from her bath earlier that morning, but long habit and personal tidiness prompted her to take advantage of the offering anyway. 

The robe whispered to the ground and she unceremoniously kicked it aside. Good riddance to the blasted thing. A splash of water on her face helped sooth the subtle burning that lingered in her body. But it didn't go away. It seemed focused now at that secret place between her legs that Varyn had wreaked so much havoc with. A little embarrassed, she sat on the chair and spread her knees, gingerly touching. There was a stickiness there, but it was not blood, as she'd feared it might be. It had an... unusual smell. Not unpleasant, merely unfamiliar. She considered it a moment before wetting the wash-cloth beside the pitcher and using it to clean the stickiness away. 

The cool and the slight roughness of the cloth felt surprisingly good there. It seemed to ease the residual ache in those parts, and it added something new as well. After a few wipes, she figured she had probably cleaned herself sufficiently, but the sensation was so pleasant that she kept rubbing anyway. Sighing, she let her eyes close, drawing the cloth up and down almost lazily. 
