 His body was eating itself, his heart was pounding harder than ever and he faced a desperate struggle with each and every breath. His shield lay broken at the battlefield, his sword stuck in one of the few unlucky attackers but he still had his armour, weighing him down more than anything. 

His legion had walked straight into an ambush, they were attacked from all sides and never stood a chance. Barely minutes had passed before he and his fellow soldiers broke and ran. Now only he survived, the others having been cut down or captured. 

The warrior did not know where he was, his surroundings were simply trees -- thick, ancient trees. The leaves and branches were so thick that the sunlight itself was broken up into little spots, spots that danced on the ground as the trees moved with the wind. At any other time, a man could have admired the beauty of nature that seemed to pulse through these forests. Although the warrior dare not stop. He did not know if he was being chased. He did not know if the attackers were still looking for survivors. But he dare not stop.

WHACK!

Carelessness that can only come with blind fear or raw hatred, struck the warrior. A loose branch on the floor had caught his foot and he fell to the ground with a bone-crunching thud. The pain washed over him, his body ceased up from exhaustion. He looked up to the sky, saw the dancing spots of sunlight, and then faded into darkness.

****

Her hands caressed his body, feeling him and searching him. It was as if she were blind and her only means of identifying the warrior was through her hands. But they were glorious hands. Smooth, warm and gentle, as close to perfection as can be.

He opened his eyes, the pain had left him and his body was now relaxed. The warrior saw the woman for who she was... an elf, a mistress of the forest. Her golden, vibrant hair flowed down to her waist. Her red lips were full and wet while her blue eyes sparkled with a youthful joy. From the look of her she was barely a woman, not much older than the warrior's children he had left behind to go to war. But her beauty was more than any man or boy could ever dream of. She was a Goddess, and the warrior was under her lustful spell.

Her breasts were round and large, held in by a tight corset which, though keeping them tight to her chest, allowed for a mesmerising display of cleavage. The warrior stared at these incredible breasts, and the elf didn't mind, indeed, she looked the warrior up and down as well.

Her corset stopped at her waist, giving way to a see-through dress that billowed in the wind. Her legs were the purest of whites, smooth and strong. If the warrior could have told of her, his listeners could have scarcely imagined the raw sexual, lustful energy that seemed to beat off of this majestic creature.

The elf sat on top of the warrior, oblivious to any social guidelines. Her naked vagina rested on top of his growing erection, which itself was underneath his own trousers. She moved on top of him, like the trees would move gently with wind, with her eyes shut in a dream of her own. The warrior simply stared at her, he would not close his eyes like she did. As she moved forward and backwards, his penis became fully erect and it hurt against the restrictions of his trousers.

Her eyes slowly opened, she looked down at him and seemed to sense his growing discomfort. She undid the warrior's trouser belt and pulled his trousers down to his knees. His penis stood fully erect for the elf and the trees to admire. And to the warrior's immense satisfaction, the elf did admire his penis so.

She lowered her head to his erection. Opened her mouth and brought her long, wet tongue from the base of his penis up to the tip. The warrior shuddered uncontrollably, letting out a pleasure-filled gasp. She kissed the top of his erection, her lips touching ever so gently on his member. Another shudder. A groan of pleasure. She kissed again, so close to actually taking his throbbing erection in his mouth, teasing him horribly. Her full lips were lush and wet and so, so soft. She sucked on his tip, ever so gently, as one would taste an ice cold lolly. 

Was he dead? Had the attackers caught him and cut him down as they had done to his friends? The thought dawned on the warrior, for this surely must be heaven. He looked down at the elf, she stopped playing with the tip of his penis and stared back into his eyes. She smiled a confident, evil smile and the warrior could only muster a half smile back. And then she took him for all he was worth. He gasped, almost crying out in the unbelievable wave of pleasure that hit him.

Her mouth covered the entirety of his erection, sucking harder than any human woman could ever manage. Up and down. Up and down. She wanted him to cum and she wanted him to cum right that very second. He groaned in pleasure as his penis was wrapped in the intense, soaking mouth of the elf. Again and again she would suck with all her might, her whole body moving and generating as much energy to suck. The warrior felt as if his insides would shoot out of his penis, the pressure was so intense. So unbelievably overwhelming.

He cried out, more deafening than any war cry on the fiercest of battlefields, and the intense pressure exploded out of his penis She never stopped. She was relentless. Taking his cum in her mouth and wanting more, pumping him for more, and he was in no position to resist. Again and again he ejaculated into her mouth but it was never enough. Her teeth ground up his penis, her tongue licking every drop of spunk and her mouth relentlessly pumping him for more. He obliged again and again, it wasn't as if he was in control, but he found himself being overwhelmed. The pleasure was mind-blowing, her relentless sucking was almost painful and he felt exhausted.

She lifted her head up, to the warrior's relief, he could now take a breath. She smiled at him, pleased at how well she had pumped this human warrior. As she sat up he felt her wet pussy rest against his penis. Could there be more? Would he be able to take it?

She took his hands in hers and guided them up her body. He felt her soft, calm breathing and her hot, milky skin beneath his fingers. She stopped guiding his hands under her breasts, but he couldn't stop now. His hands were fairly large although even he could not cup the elf's fully rounded breasts. He wanted to see them. He wanted to grab them. He wanted to suck and taste them.

Seemingly, she read his mind. Slowly and teasingly, she pulled at the thin string that kept her corset tight to her body. Immediately he felt her breasts start to come into his hands, let down by the corset. She leaned closer to him. Her lips touched against his and he felt their tenderness, their wetness against his own harsh, dry lips. Her tongue came out and he opened his mouth to allow her inside of him. She kissed him in a way he had never been kissed before. She tasted him, he tasted her.

And then she left him, returning to her sitting position and that was when the warrior realised that, in his hands, was the elf's corset. He looked down, surprised, to see this impossibly tight piece of clothing in his hands. And then he looked up at her...

To be continued...