 Kazumaru walked through the forest, the spring night breeze flowing through his hair. Having just trained with Hanzo and the others, he was worn out. He walked, running his partially gloved hands through the leaves of the trees, "How's it going guys?" The leaves rustled as if in response. Kazumaru's hair fell down unrulily as it was not held up by its usual tie. He walked the forest without his trench coat, wearing only his black jeans and a white t-shirt. As he walked through the forest, he heard the familiar sound of the nearby waterfall.

Beginning to disarm himself, he walked towards it. Running his left hand over his scared, closed left eye and through his raven black hair, his right hand reached back and unsheathed Oni-Musou as he stabbed it into the ground. He laid the other four, scabbard and all, next to his prized "demon" and proceeded to remove his gloves and shirt, leaving him standing in naught but his black jeans and boots. He walked out into the small lake and under the steaming water of the waterfall. He rinsed his hair and stood there, looking down and letting the water just drip off his hair. His body began to steam and glow red as he used his ki to help clean himself off and burn away the dirt. The cuts from his training began to disappear in flames; the only scar remaining was the one on his left eye, which he seldom chooses to open.

Then the flames leapt up from his body, creating his wings and armor. His sealed eye blazed with fire as it snapped open and he dashed to Oni-Musou, his "Demon without peer." Freeing it from its place in the ground and falling into stance, flames and heat waves dancing around him, "Who's there?!?" he shouted, knowing the ki was no that of one of his friends. His eye gleamed and glowed brighter as the flames within it danced more fiercely, allowing him to see the woman hiding behind a tree. "I can see you're there, come out!" he ordered to the unknown woman.

She slowly peered out from behind the tree and Kazumaru saw a priestess, her radiant gown glowing in the light of the full moon. Kazumaru perceived that she was not a threat and stuck his sword back in the ground, calmed his flames and resumed his shower, sealing his left eye again. "You shouldn't sneak up on people like that, it might get you killed." He dropped his head again and ran his fingers through his wet hair, cleaning it and just enjoying the feel. He felt a familiar ki emanating from the priestess, but unable to place his finger on it, hi chose to continue bathing. He ran his fingers back through his hair, leaving it falling only down his back. He stepped out from under the water and looked at the priestess, seeing something familiar that he couldn't quite place his fingers on.

"I am sorry. I didn't mean to sneak up on you I just... I'm a moon priestess and I was walking through the forest enjoying the moon." The girl said.

Kazumaru looked at the moon and paused momentarily, "Then don't let me stop you, it is a beautiful moon tonight."

The girl clasped the green gemmed necklace around her neck as Kazumaru turned his back to her and picked up his shirt and gloves. As soon as she touched it, chills shot up his spine and his hair flared up and then fell back down his back. He turned around to face the girl and realized instantly who she was. Through her gown, through her appearance, through her demeanor, he saw Nari, his old friend, his old love. The girl looked at the floor and spoke, "I'm sorry, I can't explain it, but something is drawing me to you." Kazumaru dropped his shirt and gloves and walked towards the girl. His presence was driving her crazy, her hands instinctively clutched together in front of her as she looked at the ground, trying to hide her sudden arousal. "You don't recognize me huh? Maybe it has been too long," Kazumaru said as he slowed to a stop mere feet from her.

The girl couldn't explain it, but she suddenly found herself wet all between her legs. 'Surely this man isn't doing this to me,' she thought. Kazumaru noticed that the girl was getting anxious and fidgeting a lot. He had now noticed for the first time how her hands were clasped in front of her, as if hiding her nakedness from him, though she remained fully clothed. Kazumaru walked towards the girl and she tensed, ready to flee, but something inside her told her not to, to trust him. Kazumaru hugged the girl and held her close, all of the tension fading from her body as he did. "Don't worry, I promised you I would protect you, I know it's been a while and I don't know what's happened to you. I'm sorry I was gone for so long, but I never intended on breaking that promise."

The girl pressed tight against him, feeling safe from the world in his arms, comforted and without worry. "My name is Freya," was all she could think to say. Kazumaru looked her in the eyes and saw the glazed look in them. She couldn't explain why, but she leaned forward and kissed him. Kazu leaned into the kiss, relishing in it. 

He again looked in her eyes as they broke the kiss and told her, "I love you." 

The girl was confused having never seen this man in her recollection why should he love her? Why would he love her? But against all reason, against everything she could try to rationalize, she believed him and reciprocated without thought, "I love you too baby." And with that they entered into a deep passionate kiss, tongues dancing and entwining in their mouths, exploring the others.

Freya reached up and wrapped her hands around Kazu's back. As the kiss deepened, she felt the bulge in his pants press against her stomach. She broke the kiss and brought her hands around to the front of his pants and proceeded to undo them. She looked into his eye feeling her way around to unclasp his pants and let them drop to the floor. She brought her hands back up and wrapped one arm around his back and let the other drop into his boxers. Feeling the length of his member, her eyes widened and she looked down not believing one of her senses and wanting to confirm it with another. Her eyes confirmed what her hands felts as Kazu stood fully erect at what appeared to be 7 inches. The wetness between her legs now dripping to her feet, Freya looked Kazumaru in his open eye and kissed him again passionately. In the midst of the kiss, Kazumaru removed the tiara from Freya's head and unzipped and slid her dress off of her and onto the floor. Wearing no bra, her breasts were exposed to the cool night air and her nipples instantly grew erect. Her black panties drenched to the point of virtual non existence, the cool night air brushed its light touch across her sex and sent chills down her spine. Kazumaru kneeled and untied his boots and finished removing his pants and boxers and lowered Freya to the ground, her dress providing a place to lie.

Kazumaru leaned down over Freya and just kissed her, passionately, for what seemed like an eternity when eternity is not too much, and yet not enough. He broke their kiss, saliva trailing from both their mouths as moved around to kiss her neck. She leaned back, providing him with better access and let out a low moan of pleasure. K He kissed his way down her neck, to her collar bone and her chest, stopping betwixt her breast to look up at his lover, her head leaned back urging him on, "Don't stop baby, it feels so good," she told him in pleasure. Kazumaru smiled and blew across her breast, she loot out a coo in pleasure. "Please baby, don't... UHAHH!!!" she moaned as Kazu took on of her nipples in his mouth, groping her right breast with his left hand and supporting his weight with his right arm. He ran his tongue across her nipple and encircled it, continuing to lick all over it all the while kneading the flesh of her right breast with his hand and twisting and pulling the nipple until she brought her hand over his to aid his efforts. He relinquished his grasp on her breast and leaned over to kiss and suck it, but only for a moment, as he continued his journey southwards. He kissed and let his tongue dance over her body until he reached her belly button, stopping to kiss it once, and again, the second time allowing his tongue to dance over the inside of it, creating goose bumps all over Freya's body as she let out a moan, the fire and anticipation building more than before between her legs; a pool of her juices lay on her dress from mere anticipation.

Kazumaru kissed his way down Freya's body, stopping just shy of her sex. She jumped up and looked down at Kazu, shouting, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!? DON'T STOPP!!!" 

Kazu blew across her sex, just barely brushing her lips with those on his mouth, "I'll take care of you baby, don't worry. I want you to enjoy this." The touch sent Freya sprawling back to her previous position; her backed arched, lifting her plump, luscious breast into the night air. Kazumaru kissed his way down her left thigh, holding her legs open, watching her with his single open eye as a hawk watches its prey. He kissed his way back up her thigh, not teasing this time, but wanting to satisfy his lover.

He kissed her lips and the simple touch was all it took to push Freya over the edge, as she shook and writhed in orgasm. "Ooohh..." she moaned as she came in Kazumaru's mouth. As Kazu finished lapping up all the honey she gave for him, Freya began to sit up. Kazumaru stopped her, Oh no you don't, I'm not done yet. Your time is coming soon, just be patient."

"But... ohhh," she began to protest, but was cut short by the feel of Kazu's tongue entering her. Falling back to the ground, she groped her breasts, the pleasure from his tongue already driving her wild. Kazu searched and began to familiarize himself with her insides. As he found her nub, his tongue slathered all over it. "OHHH, I'M CUMMING... I'M CUMMING AGAIN BABY!!!" she yelled into the night sky, not caring who heard, as she cascaded again into Kazu's mouth, filling and then overflowing it. She sat up as he rose to meet her, face to face, as she licked her own juices from his mouth. They entered into another kiss, her juices mixing in their mouths as their tongues entwined.

They kissed deeply and Freya brought her hand up to grasp the back of Kazumaru's head and pulled him deeper into the kiss. She broke the kiss and looked him in his eye, stroking the side of his face, "I love you baby, I remember everything now, Kazu." 

Kazu looked her in her eyes, "I'm happy baby, I'm glad I made you remember." As he brushed her now wild hair out of her eyes, he pulled her in and they kissed again. As they did, Nari grabbed his now 8 inch member and broke the kiss, pumping it in her hand, "It's my turn now baby, let me please you." Without argument, Kazu rolled onto his back as Nari positioned herself between his legs, allowing her to look up at him as she continued to stroke his member and pump it up and down as she began to lower her head.

Kazumaru moaned as he saw and felt his member begin to disappear into her mouth, her hand still pumping up and down. She lowered her head until it reached about halfway down his shaft and backed up, continuing her efforts with her hand. Kazu moaned into the night air, "Oooh, so good baby." 

She smiled hearing this and lifted her mouth off his member, "Oh? Really now? I'm not to sure I believe you. Show me, let me hear you." She returned her mouth to his member, sucking as she lowered engulfed it.

Kazu let out a sharp gasp. "Uhahh... so good baby, your mouth, your hands, you feel so good," he told her. Her head bobbed up and down as her tongue slid up, down, and all around his shaft. Her teeth gently scraped against his member as she continued to suck him off, drawing him ever nearer. "Uhhh... So good baby, almost there." Encouraged by his words, she bobbed and pumped faster as his hands moved to the back of her head. "Rrrrr!!!" he growled as he came all in Nari's mouth. She drank up his seed as fast as she could, but couldn't avoid overflowing and having some drip down to her chin. Nari rose up to kiss Kazu as he continued to cum on her body. She kissed him, both their cum mixing in their mouths.

"I love you baby," Nari told Kazu in a soft, sensual voice, looking at him with a deep, loving look in her eyes. She gently traced her hand along the scar over his left eye. 

Kazu grasped her hand and brought it betwixt their bare chest, Nari's breast heaving in the night air, bouncing ever so slightly from the movement of her arm. "I love you too baby, more than anything. I'm sorry it took me so long to get back to you, but I'm here now and I'm not going anywhere, I'll never leave you again."

Nari smiled coyly, " Don't worry baby, you'll have plenty of time to make it up to me baby." She pushed Kazu back onto his back and pumped his already stiff member with her hand, "Starting right now." She straddled Kazu as he let out a sharp gasp. "You want me to ride you?" she asked, knowing his answer.

"Yes baby," was his only response.

She lowered herself onto his massive member letting out a long groan of shear pleasure, "OOOH... You're so big baby." She lowered herself all the way down his shaft ever so slowly, adjusting to the monster inside her. Kazu and Nari both let out cries of pleasure in unison as she slid down to his base. "Soooo big baby, you fill my pussy all the way," she told Kazu as he sat up and she wrapped her hands around his neck. 

"And your cunt is so tight baby I don't ever want to come out of you," Kazu said as he grasped her hips instinctively. And for a moment, they just say, Kazu filling Nari, Nari swallowing Kazu. Both joined together as one being and holding their counterpart.

Without warning Nari raised herself almost off of Kazu and lowered herself back down, slowly beginning to bounce up and down on his member. They continued, gradually building speed. Nari hunched over Kazu as her breast pressed against his chest as they embraced each other. Nari pulled back a bit to look at the man she was with. As she looked into his single open eye, she knew there was no man she would rather be with. She was 'fulfilled,' both physically and emotionally. Kazu gazed back into her eyes and knew that he loved her and he would never break his promise. He would protect her from everyone and everything that had ever hurt her physically or emotionally. 

"Oooohh...You feel so good inside me baby, I'm so full with you. It feels so good," Nari Told Kazu as she proceeded to grind on him as she reached his base. "OOOOHH... I'm so close baby! I'm gonna cum all over you," Nari cried ou

Kazu trembled, "I love your tight pussy baby, I'm so close, cum with me." They increased their speed even more, Nari's luscious breast bouncing wildly as she bounced on Kazu and he pounded into her.

"AHHHH... BABY!!!" Nari cried out as she brought Kazumaru back into a tight embrace as she increased her speed even more, on the verge of climax again. Kazu began bouncing her faster and faster still as both bodies tensed. He let out a loud roar and they both released torrents, Kazu inside of Nari and Nari on Kazu. They sat there, embracing each other, Kazu protecting Nari and Nari loving Kazu as they both watched the moon, both fulfilled, neither wanting naught but to be together with the other for the rest of time...