 Drasco let her take his hand. She drew it slowly to her mouth and kissed the palm of his hand. She was staring so intently at him, he thought for a moment that she was willing this to happen. The next moment he thought that he just may not care, it was happening, and he wanted it to continue. 

She then raised her hand to touch his face. He reached for her and gently drew her tunic off of her shoulders. She let it fall to the floor, never breaking her gaze at him. He watched the amber flecks in her eyes flash slightly gold. She sighed deeply. 

He reached for her but stopped himself at running his fingertips over her shoulders. Her skin was soft and he could feel the firmness of her muscles. There was an old scar on her left shoulder that he stroked gently. He ran his hand over her collar and to her chin. He lifted her face to his and kissed her softly. She was still standing. He was overwhelmed with the desire to make her want him as badly as he wanted her. 

He broke the kiss and continued exploring her body with his fingertips. There was fresher scar, only a few months old, on her right breast. 

He ran his hand over it and asked, "Did it hurt." 

She looked away for a moment and answered, "Yes." 

He cupped her other breast and leaned down to gently kiss her nipple. She arched against his hand and did not so much as sigh as purr. She again locked eyes with him, but her gaze wasn't quite as firm. Her expression seemed so much softer than it had before. 

He ran his tongue across her chest, his arms wrapped around her waist, lifting her slightly. He hadn't realized how much smaller she was than he. She was so confident and strong that he hadn't noticed that she was a good deal shorter than he thought. He licked her other nipple. 

She purred again and her neck arched with pleasure. She made no move to touch him. He let himself enjoy her uncommon stillness. He picked her up, placing her in front of him as he sat on the chair. He slowly unlaced her leggings and slipped them off. He was surprised to see that she was wearing the same silk hose that were sold to noble women. Not that he'd ever seen them on anyone before. 

She seemed to hear this in his mind. And smiled at him. 

He thought, "much better than I imagined." 

She smiled at him so brightly at this that every muscle in his body tingled. He admired her for a moment, standing in front of him, naked except for the hose covering her legs from toe to the tops of her thighs, her body bathed in firelight. He looked at her and caught the flash of gold in her eyes. 

He lifted her leg gently, placing her foot on his thigh. He slid his fingers up the inside of her leg until he reached the ribbons lacing the stocking in place. He loosened the laces and gently uncovered her leg with both hands. He caressed her skin as he worked his way down. Her legs were dotted with bruises from the rough life she was leading, and he kissed each one as it was revealed. He had just reached her ankle when she raised her hand and placed it on her shoulder. He had no intention of stopping. 

She said, "Please don't stop." 

She caressed the side of his face and he turned his attentions to her other leg. He was unsure what to do as she stood naked before him. He was fully dressed. She seemed perfectly comfortable standing there under his gaze. He drew his eyes slowly over her and met her eye. The gold flashed again. He could no longer resist her and his desire to make her knees buckle no longer seemed as important. 

He groaned deep in his throat and stood, lifting her with him. He carried her to the bed, lying her down, letting his eyes roam over her as she stretched, affording him the most explicit view of her. He tried, he really did, to take his clothes off slowly, but he was after all, only human. She made an approving sound. He looked at her. 

She said, "You are beautiful." 

He had never had anyone say this to him before, and he never expected to hear this from a woman who had seen as much as she had. She sighed that purring sound again, and his body responded. 

She said, "As I said, you are beautiful." 

He blushed and she said, "It doesn't make you any less strong. That is part of your beauty." 

She locked eyes with him again. He sat on the bed beside her. She drew him into her arms and against her mouth. He wanted to savor every moment with this magical being. He pulled away from the kiss, knowing all too well how easy it would be to fall into that comfort. 

He remembered what she had shown him and ran his tongue down her throat. She arched her neck and moaned. He smiled against her skin and licked and nibbled her his way down her body, stopping for a few moments to lick and suck her nipples. She moaned louder. 

He murmured, "You taste sweet." 

She raised her hands and began to stroke his hair as he continued his way down her body. 

He gently spread her legs with his hands and began to lick and suck her where she had placed his hands before. She arched against his mouth. He raised his head and saw her looking down at him with the want he had been waiting for the gold flashed across her eyes and he drew himself up and kissed her deeply. He slipped his fingers into her. 

A ripple ran across her body and he continued to kiss and move his fingers in her. She moaned loudly and he felt her grip him hard. He could not make himself wait any longer. He drew himself up, the full length of his body on hers. She wrapped her arms across his shoulders, her legs falling open underneath him. Her eagerness made him feel powerful, and encouraged him. 

He slowly, almost achingly so, slid himself into her. He had never felt such a perfect pleasure as the tight, wet warmth around him. Until she wrapped her legs around his hips, and then she ground herself gently against him. It was almost beyond belief how each moment was so intensely pleasurable. Each moment rippled seamlessly into the next. He drew himself in and out of her slowly, hoping to make her feel as wonderful as he was feeling. 

She ran her hands up and down his back and shoulders. She began to moan and sigh and purr, alternately. Then her body began to tense and he felt her legs lock around him. She arched, almost lifting him off of the bed. He felt her throb and contract around him. She let loose with a final moan. He held her tightly and let himself go.