 Transference!

The water of the shower ran hot; the small beads trickled down the figure of a woman of fair skin. Her shoulder length black and blonde hair clung together from the water. The tall slender woman just stood, letting the water run down her body. Her mission hadn't gone so well, and she wanted to wash away the shame of the incident. She shivered just thinking about it. Suzumebachi was a part of the Ryuyuwakusha; which meant Dragon Seducer; a clan of all female ninjas that defended the realm from evil monsters known as Oni. The Oni were a violent and perverse creature that killed and raped anything it desired. The Ryuyuwakusha had fought against the Oni since ancient times with the use of special magic they called ninjutsu. However they were not the only clan of ninja with special powers, and not every clan sought to destroy the Oni. Lately it'd seemed the Ryuyuwakusha were one of the only clans left fighting the Oni. The Oni's influence had grown much stronger in the modern age, and they had secured several ninja clans. This open protection from the other clans made it hard for Ryuyuwakusha to attack the Oni without some kind of difficulty.

Today Suzume had been outnumbered by the Oni and several ninja. The Oni and there ninja allies had a habit not to kill the members of Ryuyuwakusha; rather the Oni humiliated the kunoichi instead. Because of that the number of members had dropped recently. However Suzume was not as fortunate as the other members that could drop out. She was the daughter of the head of the Ryuyuwakusha ninja, so naturally Suzume would take her mother's place. This burden, this duty never once displeased Suzume. She was proud of who she was. However, she was not the strongest ninja. Because she was the daughter of Aki Ryuyuwakusha there were always high expectations of Suzumebachi. Expectations Suzume could never quite live up too. She trained hard to become as powerful as her mother but it wasn't easy for her. And it reflected in her missions; Suzumebachi would constantly be used and humiliated by the enemy.

Just like today. Suzumebachi cupped her hands under her breasts; they were very large and soft. It tingled when she touched them; it seemed the enemies' technique was still having an effect on her body. They used a ninjutsu to amplify Suzume's sensitivity. She let out a sweet moan as one of her fingers brushed passed her nipple. The sensation was almost painful. The water of the shower concealed the fluids running down from between her legs. Suzume began to reach one of her hands down to her burning, throbbing clit.

"Suzumebachi," she heard her mother's voice come from behind. Suzume turned to her mother; her face red from embarrassment and desire.

"Ye-yes, mother," Suzume stuttered.

"Get dressed, quickly, and come with me," Aki instructed her daughter.

"Of course," Suzume stepped out from the shower. She went to her locker and put on a white blouse and a short skirt. Suzume barely had time to dry herself so her shirt clung to her sleek figure and was see through at the truly soaked parts. She didn't have on a bra so her tiny nipples were visible; and still perky from the passion she still felt burning inside her. Suzume returned to her mother and then followed her through the halls of the Ryuyuwakusha ninja complex. It was a large ground with a huge palace and dojo. The two went outside and headed towards the rear of the palace. Behind it was a large set of stairs heading up a mountain to a shrine. The two began walking up the stairs. "I'm sure you're curious as to why I'm having you follow me?" Aki asked her daughter. Suzumebachi didn't quite answer; she wasn't too concerned about what was going to happen. "Well, I know lately you've been training hard but still end up getting defeated by the enemy." Suzume looked down with a frown. "Don't worry; your mother used to be the same way."

"What?!" Suzume's head shot up from the floor. She couldn't believe it, Aki the feared leader of Ryuyuwakusha used to be like Suzumebachi. That was just unfathomable.

"Now I've told you the story of how we got our family name when you were young. In the ancient times the Oni ran rampant and not very many ninja clans had been established yet. At the time there was a fierce Oni that devoured many of its own kind. The Oni become much stronger than any Oni before it and soon became a class of its own. A dragon; an Oni that had the power of 1,000,000 Oni. This dragon became feared throughout the lands. Then one day our ancestor seduced the dragon from the heavens with her beauty and powerful magic. The dragon not knowing what to expect from this woman took the form of a human and came to her. She brought the dragon to her bed and lay with it. However, her intentions were not as sweet as her face. She used a powerful ninjutsu to seal the dragon with in her own body."

"Yes mother, I've heard that story a million times," Suzumebachi sighed.

"Yes but what you didn't know is that the story is true."

"What?!" Suzume thought her mother was pulling her leg.

"Yes and as the head of the Ryuyuwakusha clan it is our duty to keep that dragon held within our flesh," Aki pounded her fist to her heart.

"Wait, does this mean-?" Suzume's eyes began to glitter.

"Yes my daughter, it's time you took my place as the head of the Ryuyuwakusha clan."

"But there's no way I can lead the Ryuyuwakusha, I can barely defend myself in a fight."

"Don't worry Suzume, like I said before; I used to be the same way. I constantly lost fights to the Oni and other ninja but once I took the ceremony that all changed."

"Ceremony?"

"Yes. I'm going to transfer the dragon from my body to yours."

"Wait, you mean the dragon is sealed inside of you, mother?"

"Yes and soon it will be sealed in you. Now before we do this there are some things I need to tell you first. When your body takes in the dragon you will gain all of its power. However, to make that happen you're going to have to sleep with the dragon and get it to ejaculate inside of you."

"Wh-what?!" Suzumebachi blushed as she yelled.

"Oh, don't be such a drama queen! You're a kunoichi; you're trained to use your womanly charms against the enemy. It seems sexual ninjutsu is about the only ninjutsu you excel at; but what good that's gotten you." Aki scratched her head in frustration. Suzumebachi just looked to the ground blushing again. "But don't worry; I'll be there to help."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, now we're headed up to the Ryuyuwakusha shrine. In there, I'm going to release the dragon from inside me."

"What, isn't that a bad idea?!"

"No. In the shrine the dragon will be unable to escape even if he kills us both."

"Eek," Suzume winched; she didn't want to get killed over this.

"Plus the dragon will be weak and in human form. Because all Oni were once men but their souls were twisted by their lust and their greed. Then I will use ninjutsu to seduce the dragon and then have him release his seed in you after you've activated the jutsu our family has used since ancient times to seal away the dreaded dragon!"

"I don't know mother; if this dragon has the power of 1,000,000 Oni; I usually lose to just ten."

"Like I said; don't sweat the small stuff; I'm here to help. Besides no one woman could possibly take on the dragon by herself; even in a weakened state."

"What about the first one? Wasn't she by herself in the story?" Suzumebachi pointed out.

"Hmm, how did she do it?" Aki pondered putting her hand to her chin. The two were finally at the top of the tall stairs. Aki stepped high at the top; as if trying to go for another step that wasn't there; and nearly tripped. "Dammit, gets me every time," Aki snapped. 

"You're too clumsy mother," Suzume giggled.

"Yeah yeah, ya little brat. You ready for this?" Aki looked to Suzumebachi.

"I hope so," Suzume shrugged.

"Eh, at least you're somewhat positive," Aki shrugged and slapped Suzume's back, "Let's go." The two then walked into the shrine. At the center of the simple rectangular building was an altar; about three feet high two feet wide and four feet long. Around the room's walls was a slightly raised walkway with railing. Atop all the railing were lit candles with an intoxicating aroma. Suzume began to blush from desire and start to leak between her legs again. "No!" Aki snapped her fingers in Suzumebachi's face, "The candles aren't for you; so don't focus on them." Suzume shook herself from the spell of the candles and walked to the altar at the center. Aki removed her robes and also approached the center. Suzume had the same body type as her mother but was just a bit smaller in all her measurements. While Suzume had fairly nice sized breasts; about the size of two ripe cantaloupes; her mother's were massive; they were damn near the size of crimson sweet watermelons! Aki also had wider hips, thicker thighs and calves; not that she at all looked over weight. Aki had a thin waist and a slightly muscular figure; so much that you could see it but not so much that she looked like some rippled meat head. Aki's six-pack was lightly chiseled, her biceps became rock hard when she flexed. But despite that she still held the 100%, head to toe beauty of a goddess. Her long jet black hair reached to the floor and covered the large tattoo on Aki's back. It was a long serpentine green dragon wrapped around an autumn tree with orange, red, and brown leaves bordering around.

Suzumebachi didn't have has much defined muscle as her mother; but she certainly looked athletic. Her face was more of a delicate flower than her mother's. Aki had a rugged beautiful face with a hardy smile. Suzumebachi was a rose with a golden smile; despite her name meaning wasp. She earned that name in combat; at least when it was a fair fight. But Suzume was deadly accurate with her knives.

"Alright, remove your clothes," Aki instructed. Suzumebachi slowly unbuttoned her blouse from the top down. The white blouse slid from her arms and sank to the floor. Suzume bent over as she began to pull her grey skirt down. As she tugged them down, her mother noticed Suzume wasn't wearing any panties either. "Now I'm going to teach you the ninjutsu our family has used to seal the dragon. Remember every step because you'll have to teach your own daughter when the time comes." Aki began to make several hand seals in a slow manner; only changing to the next once Suzume had fully mimicked Aki's seals. Then, Aki went through the seals one more time just to be sure. "You got it?"

"Yes," Suzume nodded.

"Alright then, focus all of your Ki into your womb as you make the seals."

"My womb?!" Suzume was a bit grossed out as she placed a hand on her stomach.

"Yes, this is a battle of endurance. You have to make the dragon cum first. If you cum first; then the dragon will absorb your soul and body."

"What?!" Suzume screamed.

"But that's why I'm here. We'll both take turns; whittling him down until his ready to burst. At that time you do just as I said; focus all your Ki into your womb and make the hand seals just before he comes."

"Why do I have to focus my Ki into my womb?"

"Because the ninjutsu will force all of the dragon's energy out when he cums; if you don't protect yourself with your Ki, the dragon's could rip through your body." Suzume simply gulped down her fear. "Alright now, I'm going to set the dragon free; are you ready?"

Suzume swallowed again, "Yes, let's do this." Aki then began to make several hand seals; again going slowly so Suzume could observe the signs for releasing the dragon. Then with the final seal there was a great explosion of clouds. Suzumebachi and Aki stood at the edge of the cloud; each one on either end of the altar. Aki stood with a stern glare at the center of the cloud. Suzume watched her mother; a little bit worried; she'd never seen her mother look that way before. Suzume looked to the center of the cloud as it began to clear. A black silhouette of a crouched man began to stand up straight. Suzume saw red glowing eyes shine through a thick cloud passing in front of the silhouette. Then all the white smoke cleared and Suzume could clearly see the shape of the dragon. He was completely nude; his light bronze muscled body was glistening. Its eyes were like a lizard's; red sclera with thin black slits in the center. The dragon had long brown hair stretching down to his knees; all directed back except for long sideburns. He smiled sinisterly at the two women, "Hmm, time to switch bitches already?"

Aki smiled back at the dragon, "I see you'll never change; no matter how long we lock you up."

"You cage a wild beast and expect it to become tame?" The dragon snickered then glared up at Aki, "Not in a million years, little girl!"

"Hmm, oh well, then the beast just has to stay locked up," Aki said matter-of-factly. Then she began to make hand seals again; but much faster than she had before. Suzumebachi recognized the seals despite her mother's fast hands. It seemed her mother was using a very powerful seduction ninjutsu. Aki had taught her how to use it but explained that Suzume should never use it at all. She said it could be used to seduce an entire army of men and Oni. However, seducing that many men causes some troubles for the user. It draws out all of their sexual desire and directs it to the user. One of the ancestors of Ryuyuwakusha had used this ninjutsu to stop two warring nations. The woman accomplished her goal; but she was raped for days by both sides.

Suzume now understood why she had been taught that ninjutsu despite being told to never use it. She would have to use it. Once the ninjutsu was complete the dragon began to drool and became rock hard. The dragon had a massive dick. It stalked towards the two kunoichi licking his lips, "Well at least I get to have some fun."

"Hmm, how can we turn this more in to torture?" Aki wrapped a hand around his shaft and stroked it slowly.

"Be ugly, and have a flat chest," The dragon chuckled.

"Hmm, can't change what I was born with," Aki slumped down to her knees.

"That's right old hag, suck my dick."

"You should be more grateful," Aki frowned; she didn't like being called an old hag. She spit on the dragon's head and began to stroke his shaft with both hands. "Besides, you're way older than me," Aki told. Then she wrapped her lips around his cock and started to bob on his head. Aki didn't take the dragon's massive cock very far; she was having enough trouble trying to take his almost jawbreaker sized head.

"Is that all you can manage you weak little kunoichi," the dragon snorted, "Your mother could take more than half my cock the first time I fucked her throat."

"Oh, really?" Aki ran a hand across his whole cock, "Fine if you want it that badly." Aki put her mouth back on his cock and started to bob on his cock again. She worked her way down his cock slowly. Spit and precum were spilling out of her mouth to the floor. Aki cocked her head back to catch her breath. Half of the dragons cock was wet from Aki's mouth; a sting of spit stretched from her mouth to the head of his cock. Aki huffed hot breaths onto the head of the dragon's dick; making it flinch every time. Aki looked up at the dragon, who was just smiling happily. She looked back down to his cock and dove back onto it. She worked her head harder and faster; but couldn't get close to take his entire dick down her throat.

"That's it, kunoichi whore," The dragon put his hand on the back of Aki's head. "Here, let me help you!" the dragon vigorously drove her down as far as she was capable. Aki's arms went limp as her eyes began to roll into the back of her head. The dragon began to lightly pump his hips; with his cock still all the way down Aki's throat. Then the dragon let go of her head and Aki fell back. "Oh my god," she coughed up spit onto the floor, "Timeout." She threw up a hand seal and the dragon turned with a smile to Suzumebachi.

"Wait, what?" Suzume screeched as the dragon came towards her. He grabbed Suzume by the shoulders and forced her down to her knees. The dragon poked the head of his dick at Suzume's lips. Suzume locked her mouth tight; she didn't want that huge thing being shoved down her throat. But the dragon didn't stop trying to press his cock into Suzume's mouth. It seemed like the ninjutsu her mother used was now directed on Suzumebachi instead of Aki. Suzume didn't know you could change the direction of the seduction to someone else. That must have been the hand seal Aki used when she said timeout.

Suzume closed her eyes as she finally opened up her mouth for the dragon's cock. The dragon drove it in and began to pound Suzume's mouth furiously. Suzume let out whimpers of discontent; while the dragon aggressively drove down her throat. Sure she had wanted a cock earlier but this isn't what she had in mind. But she had to bear with it. This was for her clan; hell this was for humanity. If the dragon was set free the world would become a totally different place. With that thought Suzume became determined, and began to bob her head on her own. She no longer had a dreaded look in her eyes. Suzume now looked like she was actually enjoying herself.

Suzume brought up a hand and stroked at the base of the dragon's cock while she slurped and licked the head. Aki crawled up to the two slowly; then place her hand between Suzume's legs. Suzume let out a sweet moan as she looked her mother in the eyes. Suzume's eye lids were heavy as Aki smiled at her. Suzumebachi turned back to the dragon's cock and began to suck on it again. Aki rubbed the lips of Suzume's pussy lightly; her long fingers sliding up and down it. Suzume licked the dragon's cock as she felt a finger sink into her. "Oh yes," Suzume whispered and started to gulp down the dragon's cock once more. Aki fingered soft and slowly while Suzume furiously sucked on the dragon's cock. Suzume had more than half the dragon's cock in her mouth and was working to get a little further. Aki licked one of Suzume's breasts and began to suck on her nipple. Suzume froze on the dragon's cock while more than half was in her mouth. She backed off and breathed in deeply.

"It's so big," Suzume huffed. Several strands of spit lingered between Suzume's lips and the dragon's dick.

Aki rose from the floor and bent over the center platform. "Come on, big boy," Aki spread the lips of her pussy with both hands. The dragon walked up to Aki's plump ass and slapped his left hand on it. He used his other hand to rub his head across her cunt. Then he slowly plunged the whole thing into her. "Oh god," Aki's back arched when she felt it cram into her.

"Hmph, does it hurt little kunoichi?" the dragon chuckled.

"Of-of course not," Aki cringed.

"Good, then it's okay for me to do this," the dragon smiled and began to thrust hard into Aki. "Try not to cum, or it'll all be over too soon." Aki turned her head and glared at the dragon. She began to pump her hips and the dragon felt a twinge in his cock. Aki continued to glare at him as she rocked her hips faster. The dragon grabbed her love handles and started to pound faster. "I won't lose! Not this time!" the dragon yelled out as he thrust with all the power he could muster; but he could go much harder if he wasn't in this weakened human form. These damn kunoichi would be broken in seconds if I was at my full strength, the dragon thought to himself.

"Ha, that's what you said last time," Aki smirked.

"Damn you," the dragon roared. He then shoved a finger into Aki's asshole.

"Were you hoping for some kind of reaction?" Aki simply smiled.

"What?!" The dragon glared at her, "How about this!" The dragon's cock began to morph inside Aki. Small tentacles began to grow out of his cock. The tentacles pushed against the walls of Aki's insides.

"Oh crap," Aki twitched. She felt every little tentacle cock wiggle inside her. Some of them smashed against her cervix giving Aki an uncomfortable feeling in her womb and stomach.
