 Dispatched!

Aki was in the ceremonial room of the Ryuyuwakusha palace. She was sitting in front of her two most trusted kunoichi. "Yoshida Leiko!" Aki addressed the one to her left. Leiko had short bobbed dirty blonde hair; her right side longer than the left. A metal forehead protector kept her hair out of her eyes. Leiko wore a purple kimono with a white floral pattern. The kimono went past her hip to her knees; serving as a skirt that had a large split on the right so Leiko could move her legs freely. She also had on black gloves covering most of her arms and black stockings. Armor covered her lower legs and her forearms. "Miyamoto Sumiko!" Aki yelled at the one to her right. Sumiko's hair was a deep black and was long; but tied back in a ponytail. She wore; what could be best described as; hakama chaps; as it covered her legs but her red thong was visible. The chaps were held up by a thin red string wrapped around Sumiko's waist. Red bandages were wrapped around her large breasts; like a small tube top; and her arms. She wore armor on her shoulders, elbows, and hands. Sumiko also wore a forehead protector like Leiko. On her feet were white socks and straw sandals.

The two kunoichi were on one knee in front of Aki with their heads to the floor. "I've called you both here," Aki began, "Because Suzumebachi didn't return from her patrol last night. She's always managed to return no matter what has happened. This leads me to believe she has been captured. The Yoshida and Miyamoto clans have served as the guardians of the Ryuyuwakusha since the founder. That's why I'm assigning you two with the task of finding and returning Suzumebachi."

"Of course, madam," Sumiko brought an arm up to her chest; her voice was light but held authority. Leiko simply looked up with a goofy smile.

"Now, at the moment we have no leads on what has happened," Aki sighed, "So that means it'll be a pretty cold search from the start. But I expect no less from you two than the return of my daughter."

"Alright boss," Leiko rose; her tone was much more whimsical than Sumiko's. Sumiko stood and bowed to Aki as Leiko went straight for the door. Sumiko then scurried after Leiko.

"You know you should be more respectful to Lady Aki," Sumiko lectured Leiko as she caught up to her.

"Ah, are you kidding me," Leiko waved Sumiko off, "All that formal bullshit can go down the drain for all I care. Besides Aki's not the head of Ryuyuwakusha anymore; Suzume is. And Suzume doesn't care about that formal crap either!"

"Well, Lady Suzumebachi isn't here is she?!" Sumiko said flustered.

"I guess you're right," Leiko put a finger to her lips.

"Let's just get on with this and find Lady Suzumebachi," Sumiko rolled her eyes at Leiko.

"Ha ha ha, alright," Leiko scratched her head.

Suzumebachi was being held in the Oniwabanshu's hideout; which was underground at the center of the city. Just under the Inoue company building. The Inoue Company had connections with the Oni and ninja clans. Because of that they were in every sector; legal or illegal. They run a number of black label sites; some were arenas where people fought to the death. Inoue Company's most popular sites were the ones of kunoichi that had been captured by Oni and raped for others enjoyment. Ryuyuwakusha had always tried to put an end to these sites by finding the locations of the events. However, that was now impossible. Hundreds would attend the arenas or the filming houses. Ryuyuwakusha only had about twenty members; they were vastly outnumbered. Now they just had undercover ninja watching the games.

For the moment Suzume hadn't been forced to participate in the arena or one of Inoue's dark films. No, the Oniwabanshu ninja were having too much fun with the strong willed kunoichi.

Suzumebachi was standing nude in a room with crawling shadows for walls; surrounded by Oniwabanshu ninja. Her arms were tied behind her back by bandages with runes that prevented her from resisting them. Though she could scream in protest; her body responded to the demands of the men; though she had her legs lock together. Several hands were rubbing her down; head to toe; with warm oil. "You bastards," Suzume tried to shake off their hands; but the magic of the seals were so strong she didn't budge an inch. One of the hands began to rub oil on to her right breast. Then another hand began to massage her left breast as well.

"This kunoichi has some nice tits," One of the ninjas groping her said. Suzumebachi shivered when she felt a hand sliding down her navel to her burning slit. Suzume's skin was completely smooth and hairless. The oil made her elm wood colored skin glisten like a freshly installed floor. The aroma of the oil seeped into Suzume as she took in short rapid breaths. The oils had an enchanting fruity swell; much like the candles her mother had used during the ceremony. Also, Suzume felt like her entire body was on fire; especially wherever the men had their hands.

"Dammit," Suzume whimpered, "I can't lose here." Suddenly one of the ninja bent her over. Suzumebachi turned and saw a man preparing his cock from behind her. "No, don't!" Suzume protested.

"Shut up you stupid bitch," The ninja said as her shoved his cock right between her tightly locked thighs. If the men's hands made her skin feel ablaze; a cock was like the sun touching her skin. The ninja eagle clawed both Suzumebachi's ass cheeks as he rammed his cock between her legs.

"Hey, suck on this kunoichi!" A ninja approached from in front and shoved his cock into Suzume's mouth. The ninja jammed his cock vigorously into her mouth. Suzume could taste the fruity oil; which had a powerful blueberry taste! Suzume's favorite fruit!

No, she couldn't let herself get absorbed by the oil's intoxicating spell. Suzumebachi had to keep fighting them. The other ninjas began to come up and poke Suzume with the burning hot heads of their cocks. The one humping her thighs pulled out; then another came up behind Suzume. The ninja lifted her leg and pointed to the ceiling; her legs were now at a 90 degree angle with the floor. Instead of slipping his cock in Suzume, the ninja simply rubbed his cock across the lips of Suzume's cunt.

Why aren't they putting it in me, Suzumebachi thought to herself. A cock rubbing her pussy with that oil made it burn so hot. But Suzume remembered the dragon's energy and how hot that was. This burning was nothing compared to that. She thought that would help; but it didn't. The heat of the dragon's Chi lasted all of about five seconds; this heat wouldn't stop. And the ninja could keep torturing her with it. They'd remove their cocks and press them back in like hot brands. The ninja behind her just rubbed his cock on Suzume's wet oily lips. Men constantly swapped out shoving their cocks into Suzume's mouth. She gurgled them down by force; spit and oil spilling from her mouth.

"Come on it's my turn to tease her," One ninja said to the one rubbing his cock against Suzume's pussy. The teaser gladly stepped to the side. The new ninja let Suzume's leg down and stuffed his cock between her ass cheeks. He slowly moved his cock between her hotdog bun cheeks.

"Would you just stick it in me already?!" Suzume yelled out suddenly.

The ninja behind her smiled and asked, "Is that what you want me to do?"

"What?! No!" Suzume turned away.

"Alright, then I won't," the ninja said and went back to slowly hot dogging her as another ninja shoved his cock in Suzume's mouth.

Dammit, Suzume thought, That's why they're just teasing me. They want me to give in.

Well that's not gonna happen. Her asshole was on fire from the man's cock rubbing in oil; the oil leaking into Suzume's ass.

"Man, this oil is great," the ninja slinking his oiled cock across Suzumebachi's ass commented.

"Yeah. What do you think of it little kunoichi?" the ninja with his cock down her throat said as he slide his dick out for Suzume to answer.

"It's great! I love it, pour more on me!" Suzume instantly said. What, she thought to herself, No I don't. Damned these restraints and their infernal magic; making me say things I don't mean. Though perhaps she did like the oil; just not the fact this horde of men raping her were using it to break her down. So the magic was just preventing from lying about her true feelings.

"Do you want us to stick our dicks in you now?" the ninja behind Suzume asked.

"No!" Suzume instantly snapped. Those were her true feelings; so the bandages only worked to control the victim's inner feelings. That's why they were wrapped around her arm because her deepest feeling would be to kill all of this weak ninja with ninjutsu. The basis behind most of these ninjas jutsus were the users and the targets will power. One would try to overwhelm the opponent's willpower. In a fight of sheer will power; at the moment; Suzume could clear this entire room in minutes. However, that's why devious ninjutsus and strange magic items like the candles and oils were developed. At first these jutsus and items were used by ninja to aid in the exorcism of very powerful Oni. However, when tribes crossed over they took special jutsus and objects with them. Then developed them further for the use against ninja.

"I guess the oil's not quite doing its job," the ninja behind her said as he pushed her to the ground, "Bring in more!"

"What!" Suzume shrieked as she looked up in terror. First one came in with a bucket full of the oil. The oil flew out of the bucket and splashed all over Suzume's body. It felt like flames enveloping her entire body rather than any liquid. Suzumebachi rolled in pain but the cold stone floor felt like an arctic ocean against her burning skin. Then several men surrounded her with bottles of the oil. The ninja poured it on her face, between her breasts, all over her arms, between her legs, and down her legs. A few of the bottles farted as they sprayed out the last of the oil in them. One ninja sat down and spread Suzume's leg; her knees pointed up and her feet flat on the floor. He polished Suzume's pussy with the shaft of his cock; while pouring oil of his dick and her cunt. "No, please no more!" Suzume demanded.

"Come on guys," the ninja simply yelled out; still pouring the half full bottle all over his dick, "Cover this kunoichi slut in cocks!" The ninja surrounded her stabbing their cocks in to Suzume's burning skin. Cock heads poked into her arms, legs, and sides. Shafts glided across her oiled tits and abs. They took turns stuffing their powerfully blueberry flavored dicks into her mouth. Men squeezed their dicks between the undersides of her bent knees. It seemed like every inch of Suzume's skin was coated in the burning cocks.

"Let's finish this," one ninja stood up and stroked himself off, "The kunoichi has a big day in the arena tomorrow." All the ninja rose and began to jerk themselves off. Suzume lay quivering in pain and dark twisted pleasure. Just as her shaking began to subside the men all blasted their cum onto Suzume. The instant the men's searing hot cum touched Suzume's skin she felt herself cum vigorously. She couldn't believe she could cum from men just coating her in thick hot cum. But this oil was very powerful; Suzume had never quite faced something like it. The men then left Suzumebachi in the mixture of hot oil and cum. She gasped hot breath; her lungs and stomach were on fire. Suzume must have breathed in and ingested some of the oil. It was hard for her to breathe without discomfort. But mixed in with that pain was an erupting pleasure. Slowly but surely; and Suzume could tell; they were breaking down her will. Suzume felt like puking, but there was nothing of substance to come up. She would just have to wait for tomorrow. The arena she'd heard one mention; things were not at all getting easier for Suzumebachi.

Leiko waited outside of Sumiko's house; not wanting to think about what Sumiko was doing. However, Sumiko's screams from her bedroom made that very difficult. "Yes sweetheart!" Sumiko whaled, "That's it! Right there!" Sumiko was married to an average man that worked for the Inoue Company. He wasn't involved in any of the Company's shady business but was aware of the Oni and the Ryuyuwakusha. Leiko had always said it would be bad for Sumiko in the future for being married in this line of work. Rarely did the kunoichi of Ryuyuwakusha get married; especially to a man that wasn't a ninja. Aki herself hadn't been married to Masanori. It just put the people involved at risk. The Oni were a creature that loved to manipulate people through their friends and family.

Sumiko was lying on her side with her leg over her husband's shoulder. "Yes, Yasushi!" Sumiko screamed out her husband's name. She still had on her ninja attire; Sumiko's panties merely pulled to the side for her husband. Yasushi glided into her slowly but with force; his forehead was glistening with sweat. He began to exhale deeply as Sumiko breathed, "Yes that's it cum with me." She felt Yasushi's cock begin to swell up inside her as her eyes rolled into the back of her head. Yasushi blasted into the condom as Sumiko feel limp. Yasushi pulled out and rolled off the condom. Sumiko sat up breathing in great gasps of air.

"You think," Yasushi began, "You think next time we can do it without the condom?"

"What?! Of course not!" Sumiko yelled, "We can't risk having a child right now!"

"But don't you kunoichi have jutsus to protect yourself from getting pregnant?!"

"I have to save my Chi for my missions."

"You'll use jutsus on those Oni but not your own husband," Yasushi whispered as he looked away.

"What was that?"

"Nothing dear," Yasushi frowned.

"I'm sorry sweetheart but right now isn't a good time, the Oni are too powerful. Soon though that'll all change and then we'll be able to do whatever. But that's not gonna be for at least another five years," Sumiko said as she walked out of the room. Yasushi fell to the floor in tears, Another five years? He thought.

Sumiko popped out the front door, "Finally done?" Leiko asked.

"Yes. We can go know," Sumiko simply kept walking.

"You always gotta fuck him before a mission," Leiko brought up.

"I don't see how that should matter to you." Sumiko stuck her nose up at Leiko.

"Hmm? I'm just wondering when you're going to let me fuck him." Leiko shrugged.

"Never!" Sumiko snapped.

"Easy tiger, I was only kidding," Leiko smiled, "Now come on let's go find Suzume before Aki rips both are heads off."