 As if in a Mid-Summer-Nite's Dream, the hunter sat motionlessly, under the twilight stars. Far off in the night sky, the moon was full, casting shadows across the land. The patient hunter, placed amoung the wild ferns and nature it's self, listened as the waterfall made it's soothing lullaby. For hours the hunter waited for it's prey to come, to the waters edge, to drink from the cool water. While counting the hours in his mind, a sound from the far end of the pond, caught his attention. His bow, aimed and ready to find it's target, but as he was about to release it's arrow, the hunter found that what he was to kill, was a women. Quickly, the hunter replaced his arrow and bow, at his feet and watched, hypnotized by the beauty before him. 

The women, with long, dark hair, shimmering of copper, in the night sky, carefully removed her cloak and dress. Naked, her body, soft and pale, glistened in the dark. She moved to the water and tested it's temperature with her toe. Finding it to her liking, she proceeded, slowly into the peaceful water. Slowly the water overcame her body,as she sank within it's depth. Gliding through the water, like a swan on a lake, she made her way to the waterfall. There, she stood under the falling water and let it wash over her. The glow of the water, as it flowed over her skin was enlightened. Her movements, graceful, as her hands roamed over her voluptuous body. As she massaged her firm breasts, she caused her nipples to perk. They were perfect, with their fullness. Her hands trailed down to her patch. Sliding her fingers between her thighs, she cleansed herself. 

All the while, the hunter watched, silently, finding his new prey to be so much more interesting. Sweat pouring down his face, he could feel the blood in his loins. He knew this victim, would be one to savor. He moved to adjust himself and in doing so, he brushed the rocks behind him. Some stones came loose and dropped into the water. Splashes made the women jump, her eyes darted to where the stones penetrated the water.  Looking about she found the cause of the noise, a man hiding in the brush, watching her. She decided to give him a show. Turning back to the water she swished her hair about and ran her fingers through it. She let her hands smooth over her skin and followed their way down to her bush. She played with herself, making it obvious she was enjoying it. Groans escaped her throat as she began to climax. Her other hand grasping her breast, fondling it wildly, entertaining her voyeur. Her hand moved vigorously as she she hit her point of ecstasy. She threw her head back and her cries filled the forest around her. Her body shuddering, she removed her hand and laid herself back into the water. She stroked her way to the shoreline, right beneath her awaiting stranger.

As the woman laid her head back, on the firm ground, her eyes closed in rest, the hunter made his move. He stripped his clothing, without a sound and made his way to the shore, alittle ways away from her. There he silently entered the warm current. Slipping beneath the surface he made his way to her body, from the neck down laying in the mist of the water. He lashed out and drew his animal under the water. Shocked and startled the woman fought with all her might to be freed. Fear filled her body, the terror of drowning. The strong man pulled her to him and drew her up to fill her lungs with air. Gasping, the women lunged for air. Hands freed, she wiped the hair from her face and cleared her eyes of the wetness. Seeing before her, the stranger has come for her. 

Staring into her eyes, the hunter could see that this would be worth the wait and the fight. He was engulfed in her beauty, the auburn hair stuck to her breasts and about her shoulders. He saw the fear in her eyes, but he could also sense the craving within her. Gripping her hair, he pressed her closer to his body. He could feel the warmth of her skin against his. Fully erected, she felt his cock compressed against her box. Leaning his head down, his lips met hers. Lost and searching, their lips and their tongues, danced about. Knowing the mutual want between them, their passion consuming them, they began the mating ritual of lust. Lost in rapture, the prey succumbs to the hunter. Their bodies filling with fire, their groins aching, pining to be touched. 

The waterfall pouring down upon them, not quenching the inferno between them. Their bodies entertwined, as the hunter drives himself into his prisoner. The lioness claws at his back, while the hunter forces himself deeper into her hot pussy. Bucking her hips against him, she beckons for more. The forceful momentum quickens in pace, as he pushes harder into her. Urging his hard rock fuller, into her tight treasure box, soaking with her fluid, he is unyielding in his fight to overcome her. Stopping him, she pulls away from his embrace. Slithering behind the waterfall, she leads him to the ledge. Leaning over it, she puts her back to him. Begging him to enter her from behind. Anticipating her every move, the hunter glides himself back to his place of pleasure. The first entering thrust is a pleasurable pain to her. As he eases himself in and out, he feels the tightness, as she her muscles clench him. He slows his gesture, to hold back the volcano in him. Pushing herself back to him, she yearns for more. Faster! Harder! She compresses him to her. The hunter groans as the overwhelming feeling leads him to that moment. 

Not wanting to end it this way, he releases himself from her. He wants her to taste of him.  He wants her to drink of him, to fill herself upon his load. He seizes her hair and yanks her down to him. Violently he wrenches her mouth to his cock. Latching on to him, she sucks him rigid. Drawing, from within him, the fruit of her labors. Emptying into her, he feels the relief of pressure, held deep within. As the last drop flows down her tongue, the hunter pushes her away. The hunter takes one last look at her, as she stares in contempt up at him. Her chest still heaving from the spent energy. The water clasping around her, accenting her form, leaving that memory in his mind. He turns and stalks out of the water. Not even turning back to look at her, he picks up his things and walks out of the forest, relishing this trophy he has conquered. 

The women licks her fingers, savoring the last of him. She stands and rinses herself under the waterfall. Staring in the direction of his exit, she smiles and thinks to herself, "I didn't even need a bow, to hunt my prey!"