 Hopeless!

Suzumebachi woke up inside Osamu's black torture room. She was alone as Osamu seemed to like to leave her lately. Suddenly a pocket opened in the shadowy wall and Osamu came through. "Good morning," Osamu grinned at her, "The client was very pleased with you last night. He said he had quite the feast. You know I must say I had a blast myself with these two. Two more pockets opened up; Suzume could see Leiko and Sumiko surrounded by Oni. The two of them begged and screamed as the massive monsters dominated the kunoichi.

"No!" Suzume charged out to help them.

"Sit," Osamu commanded and Suzume dropped, "It's really too bad, these two didn't put up much of a fight. But luckily we have jutsu to erase their memories so we can break them all over again."

"You're a bastard, Osamu!" Suzume shot a burning glare at him.

"Heh, it's not my fault they turned out this way. They're the ones who tried to rescue you and ended up failing. They knew the risks; but I have to say. For kunoichi they're not very strong; I mean if we wanted information from them they'd be singin' like birds. But instead; you get to watch them as they break over, and over, and over, and over again. Until you finally break; it's only a matter of time. And seeing as the first rescue attempt went sour it seems like we have all the time in the world. Now let's start this from the beginning." Four ninja entered the room and walked over to Leiko and Sumiko. The horde of Oni pulled out of the kunoichi as the ninja approached. The ninja made a few hand seals and Leiko and Sumiko collapsed. Then they both shot up with a great gasp.

Leiko looked around and saw Suzumebachi, "Suzume!" she yelled out in excitement and run over to her. Sumiko also joined the two.

"Such a happy reunion," Osamu mocked, "But we have more pressing matters to attend to. It's breakfast time. Now, the client told me all about how you were pigging out at his home the entire night. Now I feel insulted. So since you don't like this," an Oni brought in a bowl of the tasteless brown food he'd been feeding Suzume. To her it just seemed like dog food. "I'm going to serve you a hardy meal," a squad of ninja came into the room. "These ninja know a very special jutsu; it allows them to turn their cum into energy that sustains hunger and thirst. They'll make sure you get a feast." Osamu walked out through a pocket and left them alone.

The ninja surround the three kunoichi and shoved their cocks right down the women's throats. The cocks pounded down the kunoichis' throats fast and hard. One of the ninja pulled Sumiko's hair to drive her face farther down his dick. Leiko was drooling and breathing through her nose. She huffed and puffed making the most noised out of the three girls. Leiko was also giving the sloppiest blowjob; drool pouring down her chin. Suzume maintain as much resistance as possible but the ninja seemed to like a little fight. Not to mention the seal on her breast; which prevented her from fighting too much. Suzume noticed Leiko had the same seal on her right ass cheek and Sumiko below her breasts and above her belly button.

One by one the ninja started to cum right down the kunoichis' throats. Leiko had an almost relieved look on her face when she swallowed down the hot sour liquid. Sumiko coughed as semen shot in her mouth making her spit up half of it. The ninja that came in her mouth slapped Sumiko and yelled, "Don't be wasteful." Sumiko cried as another ninja pulled her by the hair and made her swallow down his cock.

Suzume glared up at the ninja that started to squirt out his seed; swallowing the huge load slowly; you could hear her gulp it down. The ninja plugged their cocks into the three women's wet mouths. They'd quickly ram their dick in for a bit a then pass off to the next one. Suzume felt sick as the ninja continued to fuck her face and cum straight down her throat. She also hated the jutsu they were using; she could feel herself getting fuller with every shot. Just like if she'd been eating an actual meal. Leiko was greedily sucking away at the cocks closest to her. Suzume couldn't tell if Leiko was desperately hungry or just broken already by this cruel and unusual torture. Sumiko was sucking the ninja's cocks like a timid girl not wanting to upset her abusive boyfriend. But the ninja still slapped her despite how well she was actually sucking their cocks.

Suzume wanted so much to cry but didn't want these ninja to see her tears. She tried her best to suck it down but couldn't suppress it completely. The situation was starting to look hopeless. Leiko and Sumiko; the top two aside from Suzume and Aki; had been captured along with her. They were also being viciously raped by Osamu's men. And Suzume had to watch. Watch Leiko suck down on ninja cock like a cock hungry whore. Watch; as Sumiko was beaten and humiliated by ninja that stabbed their dicks down her throat. Watch these smiling laughing ninja cum down Suzume's and her two best friends' throats. Watch as Osamu used her own strength against Suzume. Watch Osamu slowly work toward his goal of world domination.

The ninja didn't let up on the three kunoichi. They kept serving them fresh hot jizz without taking a break. Sumiko had finally snapped like Leiko and was scarfing down cock and cum. Suzume could barely keep her eyes open to the sight of her friends. She'd never seen this side of them. They had no regards for shame as they guzzled down the seed like desperate drunk chicks needing more. They slurped down the cocks messily and making all kinds of sloppy noises. Leiko looked high on cock from Suzume's point of view. Leiko's eyes had a glow but were barely opened. She smiled as she vacuumed ninja cocks with intense suction. She held her tongue out as cum blasted from the tips of ninja cocks. Leiko caught it all and swallowed down the thick white liquid. Leiko had had quite the feast already but her face showed she was hungry for more. She continued to suck any ninja's cock that was ready to give her another helping.

Sumiko's face was red from the slapping she'd received from the ninja. They continued to hit her face; but she let out little yelps of pleasure every time. Whenever a ninja hit her she'd look at them with deep passion in her eyes. She wanted more, she wanted to be abused, and she wanted to be raped. Yasushi could never take control of her like this. Maybe that's what turned her on so much about all of it. Having a real man force her to do what he wanted. Or maybe she was turned on by the fact she was cheating on her husband. Or maybe both. Either way, Sumiko was going to have fun with the many cocks in front of her.

The kunoichi feasted for at least one of the days in this room until the ninja finally left. Leiko and Sumiko desperately lick the cum from the floor. Then they turned to each other and started to lick each other clean. Suzumebachi was curled up in a ball watching Leiko and Sumiko lick and kiss one another. The two kunoichi snowballed a wad of cum with their tongues. The two of them couldn't get enough of the taste of cum.

Osamu returned later with a horde of purple skinned and muscular Oni; and the ninja to reset Leiko and Sumiko's memories. While the two kunoichi were being wiped Suzume was examining the bodies of the Oni. They were all at least seven feet tall or taller. Their muscles were defined far beyond that of any human capability. And their cocks. Suzume had to say compared to the rest of the Oni's body; their cocks didn't seem overly massive. But they were covered in little warts.

"I hope you three enjoyed the feast," Osamu said, "I've brought you desert. It's a special treat just for you, Suzume. I'm going to let them fuck your pussy. You've only been here with us for about a week. But with how much time you spent in this room; it's been more like a month. Though I'm sure if feels longer than that for you; that's the wonderful thing about this room." Suzume had to admit that was true; she'd totally lost track of time. She could hardly believe she'd only been here for a week. "Since it's been awhile I'm sure you'll be very sensitive down there. Plus when we add in that, you'll be done for."

"That?" Suzume questioned. More purple Oni entered the room carrying buckets and bottles of oil. Suzume looked at them in terror as she knew what that oil was; remembered its terrible, wonderful effect.

"You ladies should have a lot of fun now," Osamu said as he left with the other ninja.

Leiko and Sumiko came to and looked around in shock. "Suzumebachi!" Leiko yelled out; as if it was the first time she'd seen Suzume since being captured. The Oni stalked in and grabbed the three kunoichi. They held the women's nude bodies against the cold floor. Then, they let out the oil from the bottles and buckets. Leiko and Sumiko screamed out from the fiery sting of the oil. Luckily Suzume was a bit used to the oil and didn't yell out. The Oni started to rub their cocks into the oil covering the kunoichi's bodies. Leiko convulsed as she started to squirt from the burning of the Oni's cocks. An Oni stabbed his cock right into Sumiko's oily cunt and pounded into her. Sumiko had never felt anything quite like this before. The bumps were scraping her insides furiously; while the cock itself didn't feel like a cock. Rather like pure solid heat ramming into her.

One of the Oni rubbing his cock into Suzumebachi hoisted her to her feet. He restrained her from behind as he grabbed hold of his cock. He lathered it in a thick layer of the oil and pressed it to Suzume. Her head started to get hazy as the Oni took hold of both her arms. He pulled Suzume back; the tip of his dick slipping in easy thanks to the oil. Suzume let out a passionate sigh; one you'd hear from a woman being deeply loved. Suzume just let it out on instinct; it felt like years since a cock had been in her pussy. The Oni continued to ease in; Suzume could feel every little wart pop into her and carve against her pussy. She could feel a hot energy radiating from down below. It moved up her entire body as the Oni wormed his cock in little by little. Until finally, the Oni was all the way in her. Suzume could feel that hot energy reach the top of her head once the tip of the Oni's cock kissed her cervix.

Suzume was light headed as the Oni slid his cock back; making her wince as the warts scraped her cunt and the heat withdrew. The Oni quickly built up speed; Suzume could feel the heat moving through her body with the rhythm of the Oni's beating. His hips slapped into her ass with a loud snap. An Oni grabbed her by the hair and bent her forward. The Oni stabbed his cock into her mouth and brutally face fucked her. Suzumebachi could taste blueberries on his cock; the flavor was strong and addicting.

"Apples!" Leiko shouted in excitement as she got the taste of an oily Oni cock. She happily started to deep throat the Oni's bumpy cock. The warts felt strange as they rubbed awkwardly against Leiko's throat. Sumiko was making out with the Oni pounding her pussy; the Oni's lips strong with the oil. She desperately slathered her tongue around to suck and lick away any of the oil; which tasted like watermelon. Sumiko was just crazy about anything watermelon flavored. She could even eat a whole one to herself; which she did quite frequently. In fact she always made her husband get watermelon flavored condoms. But the condoms were nothing compared to this oil. It wasn't like some artificial candy flavoring; Sumiko felt like she was biting into a fresh watermelon. The Oni poured a bottle right into Sumiko's mouth. She gulped down as much as she could but it was draining out to fast and running out of Sumiko's mouth. Her cheeks were on fire as an Oni shoved his cock down her mouth; still full of oil. The Oni humped her tightly locked lips with the oil still in Sumiko's mouth. She gurgled the oil and sloshed it around while the Oni moved his hips.

Leiko was on top of an Oni rocking her hips up and down. She had a cock in each hand and was swapping back and forth on sucking them. She licked the head as she stared up at the Oni with a smile. She wrapped her lips around it and sucked on the head causing her cheeks to sink in. She bobbed her head hard as she maintained an intense suction. The Oni shuttered as he came right in Leiko's mouth. She laughed as she played with the cum in her mouth. Leiko could only taste a strong mixture of bleachy cum and sour green apples. She turned to the next cock and sucked on it. She moaned with the cock in her mouth as the Oni fucking her finally came. The Oni started to breathe heavy; but Leiko wouldn't let him stop. Leiko rolled her hips to make sure the Oni stayed hard.

Suzumebachi whined as an Oni was fucking her splitting bamboo style. The Oni was sitting on one of her legs with the other was hooked over the Oni's shoulder. The Oni pounded his hot cock into Suzume's raw and cum leaking cunt. She was the only one still maintaining a fight. Even though she was fighting; she couldn't fight how good it felt. The Oni's intensely burning cock with its warts carving out Suzume's pussy; which hadn't had a cock in Suzume couldn't tell how long. And seeing how her friends gave in so easily to the pleasure. How Leiko sucked down the Oni like a porn star in a gangbang scene. How Sumiko practically made love with the Oni as they stuffed her. They looked like they were just having fun. Suzume wanted to have fun too; but she knew where she was. She knew why these Oni were doing this to them. They weren't here for the women's enjoyment. They were here for their own.

Suzume could see this as the Oni blasted their seed inside of Leiko and Sumiko. That's all the Oni wanted. A live fleshlight that screamed and howled and begged. Something that could be broken not with force; but by twisted pleasures. The Oni only saw these women as something to dump their cum in. And Leiko and Sumiko seemed to make such good cum dumpsters. Suzume finally wept as another Oni came inside her only to be replaced by another. She needed to come up with a plan fast; not just for her own sake. But for Leiko and Sumiko; before they were totally corrupted by this place. Or worse.

After being fucked for a good three days in the shadow room the three kunoichi were brought down to the arena together. Leiko and Sumiko once again had their minds wiped by Osamu's ninja. "This is going to be a fun match!" Osamu laughed, "A three on three. Should be interesting though, seeing as you've fought them before."

"What?" Suzumebachi looked to him.

"Go on, look who you'll be fighting," Osamu pointed.

Suzume looked passed the iron bars of the gate to the center of the ring. Standing at the middle were the three Oni Suzume had already fought. "How the hell?!" Suzume exclaimed; she was sure she'd killed them.

"All the Oni that fight in the arena are stamped with a magic seal; any damage taken in the arena is reversed as soon as they are dragged out. It's not like they're going to cause the death of their own kind. But I hear they remember dying and it builds up a rage. Those three are particularly upset with you, Suzume. That's why they teamed up to take you on. I was going to have you fight them alone originally; but since these two came along. Now just remember you three don't have the same seals as the Oni; so you really can die out there! So go on girls!" Osamu shouted as the chains rattled hoisting up the iron gate.

Suzumebachi led the trio of kunoichi out to the ring. She walked with confidence as the horde of men and Oni chanted her name. The three stopped on the opposite side of the Oni. "Watch the ninja," Suzume said to the other two, "He can make clones at will. You'll need to kill him just as the clone is popping out."

"Yes, ma'am," Sumiko responded.

"Well, let's give 'em hell," Leiko smiled.

Suzume summoned three knives in each hand with her enchanted bracers. Leiko and Sumiko had similar enchanted objects that allowed them to spawn their weapons. Leiko wielded a straight single edged katana with a gray blade and purple handle. Sumiko had a golden and red naginata with a wide curved blade.

"Sumiko, you take the giant Oni," Suzume instructed, "Leiko, you've got the six armed Oni. I'll take care of the ninja."

"Right!" Sumiko and Leiko said in unison.

As the three kunoichi charged the ninja split into three. Suzumebachi slid to a stop throwing two daggers at the three doppelgangers. Before the daggers even punctured their targets three more clones leapt out from each ninja. Sumiko dodged a power punch from the giant Oni; pieces of tile blasted from the ring where its fist landed. The naginata cut into the thing's arm but didn't sever it completely. The Oni whaled out in pain and flailed its arms about in frustration. Leiko dipped to the side as the six armed Oni thrust forward with two fists. Her sword swept down cutting through both of the attacking arms. However the Oni had high regenerative abilities as the two missing arms grew back almost instantly.

Suzume was surrounded by five ninja all of them attacking her from different angles. She was barely able to keep their attacks at bay with her daggers. She leapt up and out from the ninjas' star configuration and threw her daggers into two of them. "Leiko! Sword!" Suzume called out. Leiko spawned an identical sword and tossed it to Suzumebachi. Now she would have an easier time deflecting the ninjas' attacks. Sumiko was dodging and rolling gracefully away from all of the giant's clumsy assaults. The three kunoichi had this match in the bag.

Osamu snickered with his customary smirk as he started to focus on a command to the three women's seals. The giant Oni set out a powerful straight right for Sumiko. Her entire body froze and the attack smashed right into her. Leiko was also completely still as Sumiko raced through the air and crashed right into Leiko. "No!" Suzume motioned to assist her friends; but her body also stopped. The ninja surrounded Suzumebachi and restrained her. She tried to fight free but her whole body was locked up. The six armed Oni laughed as he hoist Leiko up. The giant Oni grabbed Sumiko by the ankle and started to drag her across the floor.

The ninja began to strip Suzume as the hovering cameras spiraled around the three kunoichi. The two Oni began to do the same to Sumiko and Leiko until all three were completely nude. The crowd cheered at the three women's perfect bodies. Two ninja brutally poked their cocks right into Suzume's cunt and asshole. They ravaged her as the ninja began to make more and more clones to have fun with the defenseless kunoichi. The six armed Oni held Leiko up by her thighs with his lowest arms and eased her down onto his erect cock. With his middle arms he choked Leiko and played with her clit. His last two arms groped her perky breasts. Leiko came in an instant from all the stimulation she was receiving. She gasped for air as the Oni pounded into her.

Sumiko screamed in protest as the giant Oni pinned her to the ground with a single hand; that covered her whole back. The Oni used his free had to pull out his gargantuan cock. Sumiko's eyes widened as she saw how massive the Oni was. There was no way that thing could fit inside her. But that didn't prevent the thing from trying. The head of its cock pressed against Sumiko's cunt; even that could barely fit. But the Oni still pressed it in. Sumiko could feel the tip leaking into her but she felt like it was getting smaller. It seemed the Oni could control the size of its cock. Despite that the Oni's cock was still too much for poor Sumiko to take. She felt like the Oni's cock was going to tear her in two as it grunted while plowing into her.

Suzume was on top of a ninja lying on his back with his dick in her wet pussy. She was already coated in cum like some bukkake star. Another ninja was blasting his cock into her ass while one forced his cock down Suzume's throat. Her delicate hands were wrapped around two cocks as they forced Suzume to stroke them off. The ninja came quickly staining Suzumebachi inside and out. Suzume puked as the ninja repositioned her and slammed her full of more cocks. Her eyes had a dead look in them as the ninja vigorously passed her around to an endless amount of cock and cum. Suzume was certain she wouldn't last much longer under this torture. Osamu would surely win in the end.
