 The end of another hard day at work, Laura sighed with relief as she leaned back in her chair. The relief however was short lived, glancing down at her desktop she saw the date, it was her anniversary. She had been seeing her boyfriend, James, for six months now. She quickly gathered her things together and rushed down the stairs to the exit. As she got the door she could see the grey, overcast sky just waiting for her to step outside before releasing a torrent of water onto her.

As expected, when Laura stepped through the door into the busy high street the rain began to fall heavily from the sky. It was bad enough when this happened when she was just rushing home, but tonight she had to go to an antiques shop to collect the gift she had selected for James.

Laura arrived at the antiques shop and was completely soaked through. The antiques dealer greeted her with a warm smile. 

"Hello" Laura said politely, "I've come to collect a silver pocket watch here is the reservation card."

The elderly gentleman took the card from her and glanced at it; he turned and walked slowly to the back of his shop to collect the watch. He returned with the watch very quickly, it was almost as if he had never left. Laura took the watch from him and inspected it carefully, when she was satisfied that it was perfect she handed it to the dealer to wrap for her. He set the correct date and time before wrapping it quickly. Laura was intrigued by the elderly mans speed; it took no time at all for him to wrap the watch. Laura handed over the correct money and turned to head out of the door, the dealer called after her

"I hope the watch gives you as much enjoyment as it has given me, just be careful with it....." the door slammed and Laura didn't hear the old man's warning.

"Of course I'm going to be careful with it" she mumbled under her breath, "it cost enough!"

Eventually Laura arrived home, she was completely soaked through. She walked into the bedroom and glanced in the mirror, her large pink nipple visible through the soaked material of her bra and blouse. No wonder the antiques dealer had a smile on his face she thought to her self. She changed quickly into a low cut black dress her ample cleavage clearly on show and head out to meet James taking the precious watch with her.

Laura arrived at the restaurant and was only about 5 minutes late, pretty good for her. James stood to greet her admiring her body, her firm cleavage and slim figure made her look irresistible. She sat talking to James about her day enjoying the meal. After the starter they swapped gifts, James was delighted with the watch, an old fashioned looking silver pocket watch which had beautiful intricate patterns on the case. As James admired the case Laura told him about the old antiques dealer and the impressive speed at which he had wrapped the watch. While she told the story all that James could think about was the impressive speed at which he would be undressing her tonight.

After paying the bill, James quickly gathered up his watch and dropped it into his pocket. Suddenly everything went quiet, no one moved, James looked around the room everything had stopped. He stood for a minute wondering what had happened, and then he thought back to the conversation over dinner. What did Laura say about the antique dealer? He pulled the watch out and looked more closely at it, could this watch really stop time?

After examining the watch James found two small buttons near the top, he pressed the first and nothing happened. Tentatively he pressed the second button, as he did everything went back to normal as if nothing had happened. He slid the watch into his pocket, pressing the second button as he did. Again everything stopped, frozen in time; no one moved, not a word was spoken. 

A little more adventurous this time, James walked around the room looking to see if there was anyone who could see him. Still no one moved, he checked the whole restaurant, then he moved to the street and still nothing moved. He could stop the world, the power this little watch had given him. What a fantastic gift, James was no glad that Laura had forced him to make such a fuss about their six month anniversary.

James returned to the table where Laura was still sitting, he ran his fingers across her soft face feeling her warm skin. Remembering why he was in the restaurant he decided that he would take Laura home and play with the watch another time. Returning to his seat he pressed the button and everything started around him again.

James and Laura headed out into the street and jumped a taxi home. They entered their flat and James headed to the sofa his head still spinning with ideas of how he could use the watch. While his imagination ran wild Laura had gone into the bedroom to sort the second part of her surprise.

Laura had slipped on her new purple camisole; it clung to her body showing off her perfect figure. Her nipples peeking through the soft silky material, her tight ass looked perfect. She entered the living room and smiled at James, his mouth dropped open.

Laura straddled James, her large breasts at head height,

"Happy anniversary James" she murmured before her lips met his. They kissed passionately for a couple of minutes, his hands holding her firm ass. Laura broke the kiss and stood up; she winked at James and beckoned him to the bedroom. James felt the throbbing in his trousers as he followed her to the bedroom. 

Once inside the bedroom Laura smiled towards James, her hands began to stroke the bulge in his pants, he gasped as she did wondering how he would control his excitement. Laura's hands felt good on his cock he could feel his own climax approaching, he knew he couldn't cum now not before the action had really started what a disappointment that would be. He reached into his pocket and pressed the watch, thankfully everything stopped. He went to the kitchen and got a glass of water giving him a chance to calm down.

James returned to the bedroom and got into the same position, with Laura on her knees stroking his hard cock, he started time again. Laura began to undo his pants stroking his hard cock wildly. Her big brown eyes gazed up at him as she let her hot tongue flick the tip of his cock. James moaned at the sensation of her soft hand combined with her warm moist tongue, on his stiff member. Laura began to take more of his cock into her mouth while her hand massaged his balls. Her soft red lips gliding along his hard shaft, her head bobbing faster as she greedily sucked his cock deeper into her mouth. With each stroke from her lips he could feel his own orgasm building again. 

Instead of grabbing the watch, James chose to pull Laura to her feet and guided her onto the bed. He kissed her toned stomach, his hands slowly lifting her camisole as his mouth followed, her body tensed with each carefully planted kiss. He kissed her soft breasts nibbling gently as he did, Laura moaned quietly as his tongue licked over her large pink nipples. 

James' cock still throbbing as it brushed against the soft silky material of Laura's knickers she began to grind against him forcing his cock to rub against her. Moaning more loudly as James' cock rubbed against her clit. Laura reached down slipping her knickers to the side she guided his cock inside her. The warmth of her pussy felt wonderful around his cock he began moving in and out of her instinctively. As his thrusts increased in pace he knew it wouldn't be long before he came, reaching for the watch he pressed the button mid moan Laura lay on the bed motionless. James withdrew from inside her pussy, he stood at the foot of the bed admiring Laura's body, and legs parted showing her soft folds and her firm breasts sitting proudly on her chest, mouth wide open.

After a couple of minute's recovery time James positioned himself back on top of Laura, her pussy still warm and moist. After a couple of thrusts into her ensuring his cock was hard again, he pressed the watch and continued to fuck her as she moaned to a tremendous orgasm. Still panting from her climax, Laura removed her knickers and positioned herself on top of James; she began to rock her pussy on his hard cock, grinding her clit against him. Her moans continued getting louder as James sucked on her hard nipples, Laura's body tensed again as her orgasm rushed through her body.

Laura's body trembled as James continued to fuck her,

"This is wonderful" she gasped as another orgasm built inside her. "I'd have brought the new underwear weeks ago if I knew it would have this effect!"

James knew he couldn't put it off any longer; he needed to let his own climax happen. He needed to have his release; his thrusts became more frenzied as he felt his climax building, Laura's lips locked against his as he groaned. His hard cock spurting deep inside Laura, the warm sensation pushed Laura to another almighty orgasm. They collapsed in each others arms, their warm sweaty bodies entangled as they both recovered. 

Laura rolled onto her side facing James, her face covered by a huge grin.

"That was fantastic James" she gasped still regaining her composure from her final orgasm. James smiled at her and winking he whispered into her ear,

"Are you ready for round two?"