 Christian realised something about werewolves. They weren't stupid mongrels. Nope they were in fact rather clever. He realised this when he tried to materialise out of the room, a silver door lay on the other side of the oak one. 

The windows were barred with fine slivers of silver. The room was rather cosy, a nice soft bed, and calming light blue walls. Yep like the Ritz, a plush prison. 

[Where the hell are you?] Came an angry voice. He winced as he heard Simon in the background, mumbling about school and lawns. 

Righty, just because he looked eighteen, didn't mean squat. He was three hundred years old, he knew all there was to know. Social services didn't agree. Christian let out a deep sigh, startling his hot guard out of what ever deep thoughts she had. 

[I'm kinda tied up]

[Do you mean that figuratively...]

[I mean it as in I have silver chains burning my skin faster than it can heal,] he snapped. There just had to be away out.

[See what happens when you go slaying on a school night? What the hell are you doing at the de Groudané place? Simon!] He just loved these guys he rolled his eyes.

Just then the door opened. A cool looking dude walked in, a loving look passed between him and the red head, though she was genuinely in her teens, he seemed a bit older, mayhap two hundred years? Christian shrugged.

"Well, vampire you have survived this night because you helped my students." Christian relished his grimace. 

As the old man prattled on about the age old war between vampire and werewolf, he couldn't help but gaze at the beautiful she-wolf, her green eyes stared adoringly at her grandpa, he also took into account the amount of girls ogling him. And the dark haired boy glaring evilly.

"And so you see we shall let you go." Christian gritted his teeth, thank god! If this was the welcoming party to the new neighbourhood, he'd hate to see the initiation. 

He rubbed his wrist as the chains came of, slowing the healing as to not catch the wolves attention. 

"Umm, grandpa, how does the vampire leave?" the red head asked. Christian nodded, how indeed? He could just walk out, then they would realise something was up and honestly he was sick of having to hide from lynch mobbing werewolves and self righteous vampires. 

Just then a horn blew. 

"Well this was all very nice, but... bye," swirling into a dark mist, he made through the door, sweeping though the hallways and down the stairs. 

A window happened to be open and he quickly filtered through it, making a show of seeping into the boot. Jessica shook her head, and wondered if she'd ever cross paths with him again. He had to be the most flippant and easy going vampire she had met. 

"That was a foolish thing to do Vincent." Michael growled, staring disdainfully at the bed. Vincent shrugged, "he saved your lives." Jessica nodded, he had and they had spared him, debt repaid. 

Jessica hated shopping, especially when it was her turn to do the groceries. The bustling noise of the supermarket always made her ears ring, no matter how much she tried to turn down the volume. 

"But Mary, Oreos are good for my health." Jessica paused, that voice she had heard it before she was sure. She turned slowly to the biscuit isle, and froze. 

A vampire here? She could sense it's taint of evil, no matter how suppressed. He seemed to be talking to a werewolf, couldn't she tell he was a vampire? 

Then again it had been proven that some werewolves lacked that seventh sense. She approached them carefully, there was nothing she could do, there were too many humans about. Damn! She decided she would watch them, the werewolf could be in danger. 

Christian could smell her a mile away. An earthy smell, mixed with orange and berries. He smiled wickedly, as soon as he got home and was lectured by Mary, they had cut his hair and dyed it black, although his tattoo still remained there was nothing they could do about it since it covered the whole of his left chest and arm. 

"Werewolf at two o'clock," he nodded to Mary then turned round the isle towards the frozen food section. Mary stopped to browse some canned goods and waited for the werewolf to approach her. 

Jessica thanked the moon, the vampire was now gone. She had to warn the werewolf before something happened to her. She pushed the trolley beside her and pretended to look at some of the items. 

Mary watched the young girl out of the corner of her eye, just what was she up to? She would have said something by now, knowing how were-hunters were like.

"You are in grave danger." Jessica said in French. Mary looked at her puzzled. "That boy you were with is a vampire."

"Boy indeed!" Mary chuckled as Christian snarled. Poor baby, it would take a long time for him to age dramatically. 

Mary observed the werewolf. She was very beautiful, she'd give her that. She was definitely part of the royal family, their blue blood ran strong. She had an elfish face with electrifying green eyes, and a well formed body perfect for breeding. 

"Oh no, you must be mistaken. My Chris isn't a vampire. He just has a lot of vampire residue." 

[Vampire residue] Christian scoffed, before walking towards them once more, arm filled with frozen goods. He froze as soon as he saw her. Damn she looked good when he wasn't blinded by pain. 

"It's ok Chris she's a good one." Chris cocked an eyebrow before catching on. Mary was evil! He could see a little smile upon her lips. He was supposed to be scared of the little mongrel.

Damn, but he could kill her and her whole race. Swallowing his pride, he moved warily towards them. 

"No werewolf is good, Mary" he said. Jessica looked fit to burst. If he wasn't human she would have staked him already. How dare he say that! Mary burst out laughing, and ruffled Christian hair. 

"Thank you for the warning...?" 

"Jessica, Jessica de Groudané" she shook the woman's hand in greeting. Before whirling around with her trolley, cursing the day Chris breathed air into his lungs. 

"See you at school Miss de Groudané" Jessica stiffened then hurried her pace, she would not be frightened by a mere mortal. 

"Must you do that?" Jessica snapped for the fifth time that day. She, Toni and Michael were sitting under a willow tree waiting for the bell that signalled the end of lunch time. 

Jessica was having a hard time concentrating, she kept on expecting Chris to pop up somewhere, but for the whole day she hadn't seen him and for some unfathomable reason she was disappointed. 

She wanted to see him, to rile him up. But mainly because, without a doubt he was the most beautiful human she had seen. Dark black hair that curled around his ears and neck. Hard muscles that for an eighteen year old were astounding. 

A strong jaw and nose, but eyes that screamed softness, and those lips oh those lips. 

"By the grace of the moon!" Toni whistled. Jessica followed her gaze to where a dark haired boy sauntered towards them. He wore a turtle neck, a scarf and dark jeans, with glasses perched on his nose. He sent Jessica a lazy smile that sent her heart pounding. 

"So we meet again," he stood so proudly, his arms folded across his chest, he had so much power, she could sense that good or bad he was an enigma. 

"Do you know this guy, Jessica?" Michael snarled. 

"Down boy." Chris, patted his coat pockets and shrugged "Sorry, but I've run out of dog treats" Chris could feel their anger like a scorching wave of heat, but he just had to laugh, if only they knew. 

He was sure he was making a mistake. These guys would make great allies. He shook his head, he always worked alone. He couldn't look after anyone else, of that he was sure. 

"I think you better go Chris, or we may just eat you," he could see the flames dancing in Jessica's eyes, he bit back his retort and smiled cheerfully. 

"Of course, my vampire residue may rub of on you," he had no idea where that came from, but it seemed to stun them long enough for him to make a brilliant exit. Jessica sighed, even when he was insulting she couldn't help but be drawn to his beauty. It made her feel things she shouldn't have felt when he turned and winked before vanishing into the throng of people. Jessica met Toni's gaze and knew what was coming next. 

"Ok so spill, where did you meet and just who is he?" so for the next fifteen minutes she told an excited Toni and a peeved Michael all about the supermarket meeting. 

"Well all I can say is that as soon as we finish school and you become my mate, there wont be a chance for you to 'bump' into boys." 

Jessica bristled with anger. He was so full of himself. Did he honestly think she was so weak and feeble as to drop her whole future and become his bitch? 

She wanted her own future, her own partner. She would sooner marry Chris than Michael. 

[I heard that, girl and to tell you truth I'm proud of you. for a moment there I thought you may just cave in.] Jessica scoffed mentally. She would never be Michael's mate. Never!

Jessica had promised Toni she would give her a lift back to the mansion, after cheerleading practice. It still amazed Jessica that a social rebel such as Toni, could be a cheerleader. Her excuse was that she was making a statement and wanted to piss of the captain. 

Jessica knew that being a cheerleader was Toni's way of getting some normal balance into her life. Her ear twitched as she heard the sound of a twig snapping, then the rapid beating of a werepup's heart. She turned to the bushes, her eyes scanning through every opening between the twigs and leaves. 

She walked stealthily, hearing another heartbeat, thudding almost as loud, but in angry protest. Suddenly a brown haired boy burst through the leaves, with a scared look on his face. He backed away slowly.

"Hey kid!" she yelled, searching through her pockets, she could definitely smell vampire. The fact that it was hunting one of her own made her doubly mad. 

"Jake," came a raspy voice. The boy shook his head. Jessica watched as he took of the headphones around his neck and offered it to the shadow. 

She braced herself as the leaves shook. Then Chris jumped from them barring fangs. She knew it! She ran towards him stake in hand. 

Christian could hear Jessica running towards him. Damn him for a fool. Scaring Jake didn't involve being staked. 

In those few seconds he was doubly glad that they were in a secure place. Because when a thirteen year old boy suddenly turned into an angry wolf, well that would be hard to explain to a human. He couldn't help but smile when his adopted brother stood before a highly trained were-hunter. Baring small razor like teeth. 

"What have you done to his mind, vampire scum!" He could see a tick forming in her temple. Any hope of having a friend in her dashed. Revealing his true identity meant death and to all those who protected him. He couldn't do that to his adopted family. 

They were like a real family to him. God damn it! They were his family. He patted Jake on the head, soothing the little boy. 

"It is alright, mon freré. Calm down, she wont bite," slowly Jake began to turn back, Chris took of his coat and wrapped it around his brother. The little boy looked menacingly at the girl.

"Hurt my brother and you die!" 

"Jake! What have I told you about threatening people, Chris can look after himself" this was all getting too confusing for Jessica. Out of nowhere appeared a vision. 

Like a god. Dark hair spilled over his shoulders, piercing blue eyes turned to the delectable female before him. Jessica found his presence soothing. She lowered her stake. No werewolf defended a vampire over another werewolf. This werepup was a mere child. He knew no better. 

"Damn you Steve, as soon as I cut mine, you grow yours. Sometimes I think you do things like that just to get on my nerves." 

"Yeah, cos I have nothing better to do. Anyway what are you doing out in daylight, ma said you gone all vamp." Christian sent him a withering look, that would have curdled cream. 

"Umm, hello, your adversary here." Jessica waved her arms in front of his face

"Oh sorry I forgot," Jessica fumed. He should be afraid. With two werewolves, not including the little kid (since he had been brain washed) he should be shaking his boots.

"Look Jess, I think we should schedule this for another time. If its any consolation I'm strictly vegetarian when it comes to humans, can't stand the taste," he shivered, campy before vanishing in a poof of smoke.

"Come on little brother," before she knew it she was alone, totally confused. When Toni found her she had an alarmed look on her face. 

"A vegetarian vampire," she said before bursting out laughing.