 He entered the temple in the usual manner, under the cover of a moonlit sky. Sneaking through the overgrown gardens that lined the outer walls, carefully picking his way through the blackthorn bushes that grew rampant among rosebushes and choke weeds, scaling the moss covered inner wall that separated the temple grounds from the gardens, moving with grace among the shadows, wending his way over broken pillars and dilapidated benches of what was once a splendid walkway. 

The temple itself was nothing more than an antechamber, an entryway to the inner sanctum. At one point there were guards posted at every door, now there would only be overgrown brambles and knotted roots. Inside the ruined temple his progress slowed to no more than a crawl, many times stopping to test his footing on the stone floor that could easily give way into the cavernous depths beneath. The inner sanctum was no more than a small room set atop a natural rock pillar, there were six doors, four of which were the mystical waterfalls of the world. Thundering endlessly into the world's water table and flowing along unseen routes to whatever destination the spirits willed. A solitary bridge connected the temple to the inner sanctum, covered in vines and peculiar flowers of varying colors, all of which were poisonous to the touch. The thunderous roar of the four waterfalls stifled all other sounds, so if the bridge began to break apart he would only know when that falling sensation set in. his pace slowed considerably, shuffling his way across the ancient bridge, carefully testing and re-testing each step on the boards. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity he climbed over the broken stone door into the inner sanctum. 

The only available ingress led him to a smaller rounded room, touching his hand to his forehead then to the symbol of the Water goddess carved into the ach above the entrance; he removed his mud spattered boots and stained cloak, leaving them by the door before stepping into the darkened room. The floor was cold, the air around him considerably colder, it seeped into his flesh and wrapped around his bones but it was quiet, the noise from the outside seemed unable to penetrate the walls. There was water here, inside the room, he could her it clearly, the soft lapping melody reverberated off the walls, as his eyes adjusted to the gloom he found its source, there was a raised dais with its top cut out to form a large basin, its rim covered in obscure and ancient letters that glowed a dull green the closer he drew. 

Kneeling before the large raised basin, he took a glass sphere, twice the size of a hen's egg from a leather pouch that looped around his belt, placing it in a depression at the basin's rim, there was a soft click as it sunk into place. The letters along the basin glowed and angry red, growing brighter and brighter, the floor lurched, and the water dropped away swirling downwards then just as suddenly surged back upwards, when it was at its previous level it stopped and everything grew calm as the glowing died away. 

Then he waited, and hoped. 

He didn't have long to wait, soon the water in the basin began to swirl, gently at first then increasing in ferocity. A huge wave reached up towards the ceiling before whipping back and splashing into the basin again, no mater how violent the thrashing waves became not a drop spilled over the sides, always curling back as if an unseen barrier kept it in. Slowly the room began to fill with a pale blue light, emanating from the centre of the basin; growing brighter until the entire room became illuminated.

He stepped back as the water began to swirl and splash more violently against the edges of the basin, then with a magnificent roar it erupted, surging to the ceiling and back, then just as before all became calm. The pale light pulsed slowly as the movement of the water settled to gentle ripples spreading outward from its center. 

The surface broke blooming upwards, fingers ascended the silky tension forming hand and arms, her head flowed upwards as the water cascaded from her dark hair raining back into the basin. Her eyes were closed and her face expressionless, her lips held the peculiar pale blue pallor of someone caught too long in a winter storm. As more of her body rose from the water he saw she wore a simple green gown held together by a strip of reed around her middle. It stopped just below her knees and clung to her body as if refusing to separate them from her perfect form, glowing in the pale light that filled the room. 

Her feet came at last and he watched mesmerized as rivulets ran down her legs wending the way to the tips of her toes and dripping inexorably into the dark pool of water. He stood in awe of her delicate beauty and watched as the water melted away from her body, within moments her gown gently flapping in a non-existent wind; she stood on the rim of the basin. 

He stepped forward took her hand in his, they were cool to the touch, not cold as one might expect, marveling at the softness of her skin before slowly raising it to his lips and kissing the back of her fingers.

"My lady." He whispered 

Her eyes fluttered open but she said nothing. Instantly he was captured, drawn into the deep blue/green pupils that seemed to shimmer and move like the surface of the water from which she had just emerged. The room had changed; he didn't notice it until he finally managed to pull his eyes from hers. It was still the small round room it was before but now it was lighted, there were sheets strewn about the floor, he felt the softness beneath his feet, a material he could not name and he knew he would never be able to. The raise dais was still there and the water and also the glass orb, at the opposite end of the room there was another raised platform, covered also in sheets and cushions of varying sizes. 

He was hesitant; he knew what was to be done but couldn't help but wonder how exactly he should start. He led her to a raised platform, bidding her sit he stepped back in silent admiration, sealing the image within the vaults of his mind. Her hair hung in perfect silken tresses, framing her pale skin in beautiful contrast. It was almost painful to remove his eyes from her body but time was of the essence and daybreak would come soon enough.

With the rising tide of uneasiness he made his way closer and closer, until he stood no more than a breath away from her, there was a tense moment of indecision, whether to first hold her, where to hold her and what would follow next. Instead he opted to follow his senses. Wrapping his arms around her, he tenderly pulled her against him. She didn't move. She was motionless as he kissed her, not on her lips but the soft smoothness of her neck, lingering on it as he brought all his self-control to bear. Her skin was cool and had the intoxicating aroma of someone who had just emerged from the baths. 

He felt her tremble, but she made no other movements, his tongue slid forward, lightly touching her skin, tasting her flesh. Slowly he kissed his way across her cheek toward her lips, moving closer and closer, his lips finally brushed the corner of her mouth. Her lips were cold, colder than her skin had been, pressing down on her soft, lips, he kissed her with rising passion. His tongue slid forward once more and brushed against her lips, he was rewarded as they parted slightly deepening the kiss.

With a start he felt her come alive, there was an intake of breath then her arms were around him. She responded to his kiss, her tongue danced with his, pressing forward as if she intended to devour him. 

Finally, the kiss ended, she released the pressure and drew back, their lips parted. Watching her eyes swirl then refocus on his as if seeing him for the first time. He stared back searching her face for any expression whatsoever his heart in his throat. She smiled and his breath left him. 

He didn't say a word as he watched her hands glide down to the reed belt wrapped around her middle. Her breathing grew deeper but still steady, though her bosom seemed to rise higher and higher with each breath. She slowly undid the belt and let it drop from her fingers. Her gown parted. 

He watched on in silence, she ran her hand up to her right shoulder and gracefully pushed the top down off her shoulder, exposing her pale delicate flesh to him. At that moment moon broke through the sanctum windows swathing her form in its shimmering light, the radiance brought to perfect clarity the tantalizing curve of her breast as the gown slipped lower, apparently fascinated by its exposure, stopping at last beneath the dark circle of her nipple. He breathlessly watched her repeat the process with the other side, gently peeling the fabric from her body, catching his eyes as she lowered her arms and letting it slide downward on its own accord. 

She leaned back and rested her head against the cushions, then closed her eyes as his head came down and his tongue touched her nipple. His lips wrapped around her nipple pulling it into his mouth, sucking and teasing for all he was worth, his arms snaked beneath her body pulling her into him...wait, he froze, he was getting carried away. He closed his eyes and took calming breaths, then began again this time gently and much more slowly. As his tongue danced across her skin, he could feel the nipple in his mouth growing harder and harder, growing more and more aroused. His attention then became divided between kissing the rise of her breast and sucking her nipples. His lips moving over to her other jutting nipple, quickly sucking it into his mouth, he began to tickle it with the tip of his tongue while kneading the other with his fingers, she pressed his face against her breast. 

She moved against him, her body writhed and twisted under his ministrations. Her heard he moan time and again, a musical sound as light as the ripple on the water's surface, her cool skin conflict with his growing warmth, a constant heady cold tingle. Her back arched and her hands curled behind his head, at the same time her legs parted almost involuntarily. He noticed this, and let go of one of nipples and slid his hand downwards then up the inside of her leg. 

This assault on her sex was too much, her labored panting and writhing movements attested to her arousal. The room was soon filled with the occasional moan of pleasure, the soft rustle of sheets and the sucking of his mouth on her flesh broken occasionally by the drip of water into the basin.

Suddenly she stopped and pushed him off her, running a pale finger along his cheek she indicated his clothes, without hesitation he got up and began removing them. She watched him, her blue/green eyes never leaving his face as his body was revealed to her. First his tunic dragged fro his body was thrown on the pile at the door to join his boots and cloak. Her eyes dipped as he released the thong on his pantaloons and slid them down. She smiled briefly and in that instant uncertainty threatened to pull his feet from beneath him. 

She slowly pushed herself back until she was sitting in the middle of the big bed. With her beautiful legs bent at the knees and parted them fully displaying herself to him. She ran a hand down the inside of her leg, her fingers trailing a path over her flesh with hypnotic sensuality. At last she was at her middle, her fingers tracing the delicate indentation of her sex. With a long pale finger, she delicately kneaded the swollen lips of her womanhood, splaying them apart to reveal the glistening, dew-covered dale between them, the paleness of her skin accentuating her wet light blue petals. As if in a daze his legs ambled forward, as he stared down at the beautiful rose that was unfurling between her legs, as he made his way unto the soft sheets his eyes were drawn to a small rivulet making its way from between her soft lips. 


he quickly crawled around until he was between her beautiful legs, leaning down he dipped his head and extended his tongue into the valley between her lips. Running it up the length of her sex, he savored the sweet taste of her nectar. He repeated this motion a few more times, running his tongue up and over her swollen nub. He continued upwards, kissing his way up over her belly, there was no navel he noted.

He slowly moved away from her belly and kissed his way up to her trembling breasts. As he did, his manhood jutted out below him as he slowly made his way upward. 

Running his lips over the soft, pliant flesh of her quivering breast, he sought out the protrusion that stuck up out at its center. Sucking the puffy nipple into his mouth, he pulled and plucked at it with his lips as he felt it begin to harden and swell once again. He soft moaning became incessant, which spurred him even more, he slowly kissed his way down into the valley between her curved mounds and then up the slope of her other breast. Finding her other nipple, he quickly sucked and kissed it to hardness, they were like unrelenting icicles to the warmth of his tongue. With the same slow grace he lovingly kissed his way up to her arched neck at the same time he lowered his hips. 

He felt her cool fingers wrap around his length guiding him at the overflowing opening that lay between her engorged lips, ever so gently easing him downwards. Then he felt it, the warmth and in that moment an indescribable feeling of pleasure surged through him as her womanhood enveloped his aching tip. 

He was ecstatic as he tenderly kissed his way up the soft, cooler flesh of her neck and eased his throbbing member down into the tender heat of her sex. Her hands were now wrapped around him, pushing him deeper and deeper into the overwhelming pleasure of her heated chamber, he kissed his way up over the soft underside of her chin and onto the now lightly colored skin of her cheek. Then, staring into her glazed eyes, he delicately kissed his way to her trembling blue lips as his body came to rest against hers sealing him in entirety inside her. 

he was clouded in an ecstatic fog as he rained down soft butterfly kisses on the cool dampness of her face, on her cheeks, on her nose, on her eyebrows, on her forehead, and even on her now closed eyelids. She moaned loudly and musical note lifting upwards into the night, she forced him deeper and deeper into her channel thrusting herself up against him, grinding with unrestrained passion against him.

Still showering her with soft, loving kisses, he slowly eased himself up and down the clinging, velvety channel of her sex, she clung to him cock, seemingly unwilling to release him even for a moment. Her fingers that had pressed him into her before were now wrapped around his sweating body, guiding him, pushing and pulling on him, controlling the pace of their coupling. She had her eyes closed and her mouth lay open in silent supplication as she directed their movements with her hands and sharp fingernails.

Little beads of moisture sparkled in the moonlight, he watched as one droplet merged with another turning into a small river than ran down her chest to pool between her breasts, jiggling in concert with the rhythm of their fevered movements. Curious he thought that there could be nothing in the world more beautiful. 


Then he felt her lift from the cushions, her body tightened and trembled as her face contorted into an unreadable expression, and just as quickly a wall of pleasure slammed into him, sending him over the edge. Her arms locked around him forcing him deeper into the clutching core of her erupting furnace. Her pale sking seemed to grow even paler until it began to glow. Her body twisted and thrashed below him, each movement sent another wall of pleasure through his body, his mind reeled, his body plunged into the depths of euphoria. 

With a cry he released. 

She greedily accepted his overgenerous offering into her sanctified temple, her body clinging to his as her floodgates burst forth. Brighter and brighter she glowed, light spewed from her eyes and her mouth until its brilliance filled the temple and exploded through the doors. The walls shook violently but still he hung on, outside the waterfalls erupted, spraying upwards with increasing force. Her voice echoed in his minds, words he could never understand but filled him with overflowing joy and wonder. He was light headed but he didn't want it to ever stop. 

When he awoke she was gone, he lay on the sheets and cushions as the light from the morning sun poured in through the doors. When he finally moved he found he was already dressed, save his boots and cloak which lay on the floor. He looked over to the basin where she had risen; the water was calm and perfectly clear. The words etched around the rim had disappeared but the glass orb was still there, now filled with a pulsing blue light. 

He put his boots on and went over to retrieve it. Bringing it to his face he studied it for a few moments before carefully placing it in his pouch and tying the thongs. He retrieved his cloak and walked out into the daylight.

"One." He whispered to himself.