 "We should go out tonight." Jessica, slipped her hands through his gapping shirt, feeling his hard muscles clench beneath her finger tips. Her hot breath fanned his neck as she cupped his burning arousal. 

Christian groaned and took her mouth with such fervour it left them both breathless. Jessica moaned as her back hit the wall, strong palms cupped both bum cheeks as Christian grounded her against him. Suddenly Jessica realised they were both wearing too many clothes. A vivid image of both of them naked flashed in her mind, within seconds their clothes vanished. 

Her breast pressed against his hard torso, causing a wave of hot need to sear through Christian. Jessica arched towards him, offering her aching breast. He took a nipple into his mouth and laved it, his teeth grazed her flesh causing goose pimples to appear. 

Christian could feel her hot, wet need rub against his thigh. Growling he lifted her up, both thighs wrapped around his waist pressing aginst his hard member. 

"Please Christian, now!" She sobbed as his fingers trailed her blazing cleft. He didn't need any more prompting. He thrust into her. Jessica cried out as she felt him strech her. Complete her. 

Never had she felt such fulfillment. Within moments her head was thrashing from side to side. Her fists pummeled his chest as she came for him. Christian moved with deep slow strokes, kissing her passionately before taking a breast into his mouth. 

"Please!" She whispered. Christian moaned as her hands trailed to his neck, before her teeth sank into his vein. Jessica feasted on his blood and reveled in it. So much passion and need. Werewolves rarely drank blood, for them it was not mandatory, but she could understand why vampires might need it so. Colour burst before his eyes. He shuddered as he exploded within her.

Jessica was grateful that Christian was supporting her, otherwise she would probably be laying in a puddle before him. Christian gently removed himself from her, extracting a small moan from her swollen lips. 

He chuckled as she leaned into him, her head resting on his chest. They both gasped for breath before collapsing onto the bed. 

"That...was...great." Christian panted, scooping her into his arms. He groaned as she traced his chest, her fingers finally curling in the scattering of chest hair, that narrowed towards his stomach and led to his limp penis. Jessica beamed with pride. I did that.

"You sure did princess." He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, before nipping her bottom lip. He then kissed her chin, small butterfly kisses leading to the erratic beating of her vein. 

"Oh, Christian." She sighed as his fangs penetrated her skin. She held his head to her neck, spasms ran through her body as his hands trailed to her breast, then to her welcoming lips. She thrust urgently at his hands, until she felt the shudders through her lower part. 

Her walls contracted around his finger and she gave a small cry before collapsing. Christian ran his tongue over the puncture wounds, then brushed stray hair form her face and smiled. Once again he had evaded the subject. ...

Christian once again dug his heels into he ground. Jessica almost stumbled as he held her back. The neon lights of the cinema loomed ahead. She almost kicked him as he pouted stubbornly. She couldn't for the life of her understand why he was being so difficult. 

"Lets just go for a walk." He whined, tugging her into his arms. As romantic as it sounded, she was determined to get him into a public place. Using all her super human strength, she pushed him into the revolving doors. 

Nothing was amiss. Everyone was doing what people at the pictures did, buying tickets and pop corn. Everything was right, yet Christian still stood edgily his eyes roaming every nook and cranny. 

"Well I'll be damn!" Came a strong, deep voice. Christian spun around murder in his eyes, he stood haunched in a battle pose. Jessica laid a warm hand on his arm, thrilling over the feel of his skin beneath hers. 

"Christian it's Gabriel." The red mist around him dissolved, until he smiled sheepishly. His friend eyed him speculatively, while his arm rested protectively around his wife's shoulders. 

They both decided to watch the same movie- a chick flick starring Jennifer Love Hewitt, both to the men's dismay. Jessica sat flanked by Maria and Christian, who had his hands pulling the stuffing from his cinema seat. As soon as the lights dimmed, he once again began searching every face and every shadow.

A shudder ran through his body. Nosfaratu was here. He sent Van Helsing a quick warning, but to his horror, his friend was staring misty eyed at the cinema screen. 

"Helsing, I feel it". Van Helsing looked up at his companion, baffled for a mere few minutes then bolted from his seat. 

"Where are you going?" Maria hissed, her eyes continuing to stick to the screen. Jessica tutted as Christian also got up and squeezed past them. 

"Toilet duty." Christian mumbled. Both the woman shooed them away and huddled closer. 

Christian took one last look at Jessica, a tear rolling down her pale cheek, a sad smile upon her lips. His heart gripped uncontrollably for her pain, and he suddenly had the need to sit beside her and comfort her. 

"Hey man, come on." Christian shook his head and followed Helsing out of the screen. The corridor to the mens room was unusually dark, and Christian could feel his brother's taint scratching against his skin.

He stood in the shadows, with just a small flickering light to bathe him in an unusual glow. His skin shone white, as black hair rolled down his leather-clad shoulders. His lips a disturbing red. Christian could feel Van Helsing tense beside him and felt his own muscles coil, prepared for an attack. 

"what are you doing here?" Christian asked. Vlad smiled at his little brother and ran his tongue over a fang and shrugged innocently.

"Would you wish me to starve, little brother?" He asked sweetly "This is a grand eating area..." He looked at him coyly "Thank you for recommending it."

Christian groaned at his own stupidity. He should never had come to such a public place, he should have known Vlad's cronies were on the look out for him. 

"Anyway, I was just saying to Artemis, I need, to find the remaining four guards." Christian took a step towards his brother, only to be hit in the chest by a silver bolt of lighting. 

Van Helsing threw a three five pointed star, with razor sharp edges made for ripping skin. It nicked Vlad's cheek. A small trickle of blood, marked his white skin. He stared murderously at the man. his arms rolled around one an other, causing black clouds to form around his hands. 

Christian countered against the attack, dispersing the cloud so it became nothing. Vlad snarled, launching himself at Christian. They fumbled on the floor, Christian struck him hard on the chin. 

"Stop this!" Came a voice, so loud and startling, it broke both men apart. A striking red haired woman stood with a tunic of pure white wrapped scandalously around her body. 

She walked silkily towards them, her hand upon Vlad's head they disappeared. But not before he saw the triumphant smile on her lips. Artemis was a selfish, woman a danger to humans. She had created both werewolves and vampires. 

Jealous of her brothers followers she made a race of wolf like creatures who could only worship the moon, but soon they realised that day was as important an night, and so in her fury she made vampires, who could not stand the day, and who would feed of both her fathers humans and her traitorous werewolves. Christian knew that if she was with Vlad then the whole word was in trouble. 

"I think we shouldn't tell the women what has just happened." Van Helsing said, rubbing himself down.

"I second that." 

...

In Artemis's domain Vlad passed the confines her palace. He ignored the scent of lilies and the crashing of the fountain, he sent the goddesses a hostile glare before sending a shard of lighting smashing into one of the many pillars. 

Artemis found this behavior all together to amusing, the more volatile he become, the greater the sex. 

"Why did you pull me away, I could have killed him" Artemis just smiled and caressed her lean stomach. Her near transparent gown, her rosy nipple played peek-a-boo, she sent her scent rushing towards him and felt his hunger. Vlad growled and flew towards her, scooping her into his arms he bit into her tender flesh. In a flash their clothes vanished, he penetrated her as he continued to suck from her. They rose in the air as her orgasm built and built. Her fingers ripped through his pale flesh as she came for him. they flowed dreamily back onto the rose covered chaise. His face laid nestled between her breasts. 

"Why Artemis?" She stoked his dark hair rhythmically, her body shivered as his tongue flickered out to taste her flesh. 

"Because we have created something that can kill him and his kind for us." Vlad looked up at her. "Our child."