 *Note to readers, since these are supernatural creatures, they have some special powers. One of them being telepathy, so the ' ' means that they are not speaking out loud but telepathically. I hope I haven't confuzzled you, that would just ruin the story. :)

*

Christian woke with a start. Sweat poured down his chest, he breathed harshly rapidly. Oh shit. He felt an absent weight and realised Jessica was no longer sleeping beside him. 

He sniffed the air. She was downstairs, playing on the playstaion with Steve, Simon and Jake. A small smile crept on his lips. He wondered what Mary had thought when she came downstairs. 

'I thought that maybe now I can have some grand kiddies.' She said telepathically.

Christian laughed heartedly. Then his mind whirred back to the dream he had, or more like vision. One that took place last night. He swore profoundly. Tugging on his leather pants and pulling on a shirt he literally flew down the stairs. The house shook, and the lights flickered before he calmed down.

"Thanks a lot dick wad, now we have to start again." Christian scowled at Steve, then his eyes fell on Jessica. 

Her hair lay wet, rolling down her shoulders. She sat conspiring with Jake on the best way to beat Simon and Steve. 

"Christian?" Mary looked at him worry in her eyes. Only once had she seen him so volatile. But that couldn't be the case surely. 

"Where the fuck is van Helsing?! I gave the dude immortality, and he gave me jack!" The household fell silent as Christian rummaged through draws, while he used his mind to leaf through the phone book. 

"Christian, his number is on the fridge." Christian rubbed his temples before dashing towards the kitchen. 

Jessica looked at the men around her, even though Hulk Hogan was beating her Steve Austin up, she could see that they were all tense, even little Jake. 

Were they afraid of him? had she thought him a special vampire, maybe he had just enthralled her. She sensed his presence in the room.

"I'm taking you home!" Jessica flinched at his tone of voice. Yep he had used her, and she had been a sucker in a red dress. She waved goodbye to Mary and promised to ring as soon as she got home.

"Do not judge him too cruelly. He has just received devastating news." But Jessica could still see the fear in her eyes.   Slowly she entered the car, and kept her head down the whole way. She couldn't keep the tears from falling. All she had seen in his look had been fake! She wiped her tears fiercely, and as the house loomed ahead she made to open the door. 

Her hand stilled as the lock clicked. 

"Jess something's come up." oh no, the 'this was a one off.' speech. 

"Just let me out." 

"No. I care about you Jess, more than I think I should. I found something out and got angry, I don't want you to be afraid of me."

The locks came up, blindly Jessica opened the door and stumbled out. Christian watched as she entered the house. His heart sank, she would never want to be with him again. No one ever did.

'Be there at seven o'clock.' Christian smiled and started up the engine. 

...

"Now Jake, don't hassle the baby sitter, and I mean it, no wolf changing. Remember that's why we left Oregon." Jake stuck his tongue at his mothers retreating back. 

He was thirteen for moons sake! He could look after himself. Christian tapped his foot impatiently. It was already quarter past seven. This was why he never went out with these guys. 

"Mother!" He bellowed. Mary tutted, delicately tracing her lips with a deep red lipstick. Steve fidgeted with his tie before cursing the thing and ripping it to shreds. 

"Please people. I have to get to the king now, Vlad could be anywhere". This got them moving, they all kissed Jake goodbye before piling into separate cars.

Christian groaned as Steve changed the station again. He was now behind their parents. He could see Simon now, mocking him. They swerved through Saturday night traffic, making it to the house at half seven. 

They trudged up the house where Jessica sat, her head in her hands. She looked up as the Edmond's hurried towards her, an apologetic smile from Mary and they pushed past her. All that was left was a tall man with deep blond hair. 

"No kiss?" Jessica gasped, her hands trailed over his face. She didn't even realise. His eyes were a deep blue, and his hair was no longer a died black, but a dirty blond. 

In fact although he did look the same, he had an almost human aura around him. She brushed her lips against his teasingly. Christian growled and pried her mouth open with his tongue. Jessica sagged slightly. 

He tasted so much like dark chocolate, so rich. Her hands slipped to the buttons on his shirt.

"Baby, not now." He laughed. Jessica feigned annoyance, then clutched his hand.     The room was filled with wolves, not even one human. Which meant, he stuck out like a sore thumb. 

The room was filled with the scent of raw meet, and Christian could feel himself salivating. But as a human he should be repulsed. Then again what would a human be doing here? 

Gradually he changed his aura to that of a werewolf. It was very hard to maintain that appearance. 

Jessica knew what he was doing, and couldn't help but marvel at it. Beads of sweat ran down his brow. 

"I'm sorry baby." She whispered, as they danced. Christian moaned as she rubbed against him provocatively. This was how it was meant to be. He sniffed her hair and rubbed his cheek against it. He would never forget the feel of her in his arms. they should be together always. Of that he was sure. 

...     The music stopped and the lights dimmed. A portly man stood before them, a parchment in his hand,

"Presenting his royal highness. King Philippe Valentine VII and the royal family." There was a round of applause. Jessica noticed the Edmond's gathering around them. There expressions stern. Something was up.

"No matter what happens Jess, know that I love you." Her heart stilled at his words. Something bad was about to happen, she could feel it.

...

Christian held Jess to him. Knowing that this was probably the last time he would ever hold her. He felt the golden arm band with the werewolf crest, burn into his skin.   King Philippe stood tall, at six' eight, he was taller than all the men. Dark hair fell down his shoulder. His gaze fell upon the blond haired male. 

His arms wrapped protectively around his grandniece. His lips turned at the corner into a snarl. All his were-hunters pointed the silver arrows towards the golden man. 

"Christian what's going on?" Christian hugged Jess one last time, before pushing her away. He flew into the air as the arrows soared after him. 

He spun around once, then let a fragment of himself taunt the arrows. They followed his projection. His other self managed to make the arrows collide. With his mind he stopped the silver pieces from falling on the werewolves bellow. 

"Stop this foolishness, Philippe." The crowd, hushed. No one talked to the king that way. Philippe cocked his head slightly. Who was this vampire, never had he seen such skill. 

"Sire?" Philippe raised his hand. All the werewolves transformed into wolves, there lips pulled back, their teeth bared.   Jessica turned to the Edmond's, her eyes widened with worry. 

"Help him." She croaked, Steve looked at her as if she were crazy.

"Darling he can take care of himself, he won't appreciate our help." Jessica had no idea what they were talking about. She weaved through the crowed until she reached her uncle's side.

"Please great-uncle, stop?" Philippe growled at his grandniece. What had she been thinking? He shook his head firmly, he would kill this vampire because it was his duty. But the vampire appeared to disarmed his men. 

Already over two dozen of the soldiers were wounded, he was making his way slowly towards the king. Michael stood before him.

"Leave my grandfather!" Christian stopped. This was his cousin? He couldn't help but laugh. This fool, who took more care in his looks. Christian laughed even harder. 

Michael howled before launching himself at him. Christian held him still with his telekinesis. 

"And who are you little boy?" 

"I am Michael Valentine, heir to the throne." Christian smirked, then pinned Michael to the ceiling. He stood before the king. Michael still high up in the air.

"Tell me oh great king the name of your first son." Everything stilled. No one spoke of the kings son. As far as the werewolf community were concerned Prince Julian never existed.   Jessica stared in disbelief. Did Christian have a death wish? Fear for him made her etch closer towards him. 

Philippe noticed her movement then pulled her protectively behind him. how could she reach him, he had put up a mental wall around his thoughts. 

"How dare you!" Already Philippe's clothes began to dissolve as his body quivered, fine grey soared over his body.

"Wait, wait!" A tall light haired man burst through the crowd of people causing the king to stop mid-change. 

A beautiful tanned woman stood by his side, her stomach large with child. Dark hair cascaded down her shoulders as brown eyes assessed Jessica thoroughly. 

"You took your time." Christian thumped the man on the back. Jessica shook her head on confusion, as her uncle quickly transformed back. 

"This a friend of yours Van Helsing?" Jessica skipped past him and tugged Christian's arm. He gave a reassuring look, brushing his lips against her temple. 

Van Helsing watched this exchange amusingly, before turning to his life long ally the king. 

"Yeah, this here is a very good friend of mine. So I'd appreciate it if you didn't rip out his throat...just yet." Christian sent him a dark look.

"Umm can I get down now?" Michael called.

...

Jessica nursed a cup of black coffee, her mind in turmoil. No one ever spoke of Julian. Even the vampires knew better than to even think his name in front of the king. 

The feud had only strengthened with the elopement of the prince and princess, before it was mutual dislike now it was pure hatred. 

But once every year werewolves and vampires of the like would meet, under both kings orders to hunt out The Halfling. 

"This is ridiculous, you should be in there. He is your boyfriend after all." Jessica just sent Toni a scathing look, but deep down she agreed with her friend.

'There are just some thing's, I'd like to tell you in private. Ma chére.' Jessica couldn't help but smile, then felt even more muddled. 

It was written law that vampires should never speak French, for France that was the home land of all Lycan's and French was their language. 

The word Halfling sailed through her mind. 

"That's it!" She told Toni before pulling open the oak library doors. All three men looked at her bewildered and slightly angry. 

"I refuse to wait outside, like some mere pup. I want to know too."   Christian couldn't help but laugh at her bright red face and heaving chest. She looked even more like the whelp she spoke of. Philippe stared at his niece, then looked at Van Helsing who just shrugged his shoulders.

"So be it." He said dismissively. Allowing his niece a seat before the desk, whilst they stood above her.

"Listen, I know what I saw. Vlad has awoken, he has taken the essence of four of the thirteen high priests of the vampire guild. I need your help." Jessica held a hand to her throat. 

Dracula? She had always thought he was dead, and apparently so did her uncle, because a murderous look flashed angrily in his eyes. He turned towards Van Helsing, who seemed to shrink and back away into the shadows.

"Wasn't it you who famously killed him?!" He roared. Van Helsing made a little whimpering noise before pointing at Christian. 

"He wouldn't let me." Jessica gasped in disbelief, and true enough she could see in his eyes that it was true. 

She suddenly felt cold, and she could see the blatant pain on his face as she withdrew from him. What was he? She felt him in her mind, the gut wrenching pain he felt when he realised what she was thinking.

"Then why should I help you? After all you are a blood sucker, not worth the dirt on my paw." Christian stood immobile. Without revealing himself Jessica had already turned away from him. she avoided all eye contact.

"You do not need to. I was fool to think a werewolf would want to protect the human race, as it its written in your law. I was fool to think that maybe my word would be enough, that calling the great Van Helsing would be enough. I will as before take him out myself." 

Jessica barely registered the door slamming shut. All she could focus on was the fact that he had let the most notorious vampire live. He had a chance to destroy him, yet he had not.   She rubbed her head, a pounding headache blocked her senses. She soon left the room leaving her uncle and Van Helsing quarrelling. 

She did not even wait for Toni to catch up with her as she climbed into her car. That night she took of the dress she had lovingly adorned just for Christians benefit. 

She wore nothing beneath. She had wanted him so badly, and she was ashamed to say she still did. What did humans do? they sent their partners a text message. She picked up her phone, but her fingers could not move over the illuminated pad. She didn't want this to end, and that was the worst and best thing of all.