 Jessica sat before the doctor, her hands clenching her small purse. She knew it wasn't a good idea for her to visit a human doctor, but if she had gone to a werewolf, then she probably wouldn't be alive.

"Well Miss de Groudané you are three months pregnant." Jessica smiled tightly, part of her was jumping for joy, another part fully registered Christian's warning. Their child would be hunted down too. What if he or she witnessed their murders? 

"Jessica?" She stood up quickly and shook hands with the doctor. Leaving him puzzled at her reaction, ah well the youth of today.

Jessica left the clinic and made her way to the Edmonds home. Mary was as usual, sitting in the kitchen a large shank of beef lay dripping with blood. Mary garnished it with pepper and turnips. She turned as she heard Jessica slump into one of the chairs. 

"What is it Jessica?" Mary asked, running a finger along the meat and licking the blood from her fingers. 

"I'm going to have Christian's baby." Mary gasped and looked at the young girl sitting at the table, her hands folded on her lap. Instead of the usual jubilation of an expecting bitch, Jessica looked ready to bolt and slightly guilty.

"Oh sweet child" Mary cooed sympathetically pouring her a glass of fresh lemonade from the pitcher. Jessica smiled appreciatively and gulped down the beverage. She was so frightened. Lupine foetus's had high resistants to the termination poison, and she could never do that to any child of hers. Never!But Christian had been adamant about not wanting a child. Although they were mates it didn't mean he couldn't leave her.

"Don't worry Jessica, just wear your most scandalous outfit, and seduce the boy. Then when he least expects it. Bam! It worked with my husband...twice." Jessica couldn't help but laugh. 

She realised that this may be her only chance of having a child seeing as there were malevolent forces at work. 

Just then Christian and Steve walked in, both in a heated argument. 

"That was a foul and you know it." Both men wore snug fitting jeans with dirt marks streaked down the sides. Christian in particular with mud smeared all over his left cheek. 

Jessica blushed as he kissed her on the cheek absently. Usually she would have rebuked his less than eager actions but she was too strung up. Christian detected this. 

"Jessie is something wrong?"

"What, wrong, of course not...just leave me alone." She sprung from her seat and rushed upstairs. Christian looked at Mary, who just shrugged.     Jessica heard him close the door softly behind him. He crouched before her and took her hands in his. He rubbed his thumbs across her own and looked deeply into her eyes. 

"I know how much you fear this Christian, but I'm...I'm..."

"Pregnant." He supplied shakily. 

"But how did you know?" Jessica sighed as he rested his head upon her lap, and dug her fingers in his luscious locks. 

"I know, because you are my mate." He kissed her wrist seductively as her hand rested against his cheeks. "You know what we have to do?" She nodded. Preparing to say goodbye to everything she knew. 

...

Christian sniffed the air once, before conjuring a ball of lighting which swept out the vampires. 

They came like swarms of locust, tens upon tens. "Remind me again why I hang out with you." Gabriel Van Helsing asked, punching a vampire in the jaw, it staggard momentarily, in that brief hesitation, Gabriel thrust the stake through it's heart. 

The demon's body blistered before bursting into fine dust. Christian pushed against the ground and flew into the air, his body a silhouette against the large moon. 

He hated this time of the month, for the next three days he would be dogging, stabbing and running from hoards of werewolves and vampires. Two blond vampires twirled ancient Celtic swords around them effortlessly, Christian pulled out his own sword channeling a thin streak of electric energy. He just hoped Jessica was having a better time.  Jessica felt the reassuring grip of Mary's hand. She was glad she had come, without Mary she didn't know whether or not she would have the guts to tell him. Her grandfather puffed at a cigar his eyes scrutinized her every move. "So he has contaminated by my grandchild?" His face was calm, his voice cool and deathly cold. 

Jessica stared at him, her grandfather. The man who had taken her to the park on sunny days, bought her ice cream when it was hot. He was treating her like a pile of horse dung. 

"It's not like that..." Mary stuttered

"Does this matter concern you bitch." He addressed Mary without even looking at her. Mary stood up and tugged Jessica with her. 

"Don't you dare talk to me like that, I am in every way your superior" Jessica was too stunned to even realize that they were heading out of San Francisco. 

She knew that there bags were packed and that hopefully Christian would join them. She suddenly felt cold and alone, she placed her hand on her stomach and felt the little flutter of life. 

soon she would have to decide whether or not her baby or babies would be born in human form or wolf form. Would this new home be away from the terrors of the world, or would there be vampires and wolves just as like her, searching the Halfling.

...   Christian pulled the knife from the vampire before it even turned to dust. The sun was peeping over the top of the trees. Before them laid scattered wolves and the remains of vampires. 

All twenty four ribs were broken, he could feel the blood filling his lungs. Gabriel on the other hand was relatively unharmed. Thanks to him.

"You know you didn't have to use all your energy to shelter me." Gabriel huffed, shifting through the ash, he gave a small triumphant yell as he found his silver stake. 

"I know, but Maria would have killed me if you had died, by the way you're the father to a baby girl." Gabriel froze, with a crackle of energy Christian moved Gabriel to where his wife and baby daughter rested. 

He turned to the carnage, he lifted his hands into the air. Forceful winds pushed the bodies invisible to humans to where their families awaited their arrival

p.s. This is sooooo not the end. However I need all the advice I can get for the next chapter. Of Course if you all hated it, then I shall forget about making chapter 11 and lock myself in my room forever :( feed back is always welcome, and I hope you enjoy... please, please if you have any ideas on what should happen next please tell, writers block is a bitch.