 Jessica ran her hands through the thick fur, of the magnificent creature that was her lover. He growled gently in his sleep, his wounds finally healing. 

He hadn't woken in ten days and the whole time she hadn't been to school. What did it matter? Her friends were no longer her friends. Or so she thought, until she saw Toni standing in the bedroom door way, a vacant look on her face.

Jessica stood up slowly, unsure if her friend was here to kill her. 

"I brought over some homework." Jessica took the sheaf of papers. They stood in an uncomfortable silence.

"let me fetch you something to eat." Toni nodded. They both went into the kitchen. Toni sat down watching her friend. 

If the truth be told, she looked even more radiant. She looked content and happy. She had expected her to at least be scared if not guilty for joining forces with their sworn enemy. 

"Your grandfather misses you." Toni finally said. 

"I miss him too."

"Come visit then." 

"I thought..." Jessica looked so confused it almost made her laugh. 

"He loves you, we all do. maybe he may over look 'The Hunt'." Jessica nodded, a small smile on her lips which was quickly dashed by a man walking spectacularly naked into the kitchen. 

Blond hair flowed like a water fall over him, his eyes an unnatural grey. Jessica could hardly breathe. He was beautiful absolutely beautiful. Perhaps too beautiful? Toni could barely catch her breath. 

"Jessica, Toni. What are you guys doing here?" Jessica shook her head, her mouth agape. 

"Who are you?" He looked at her strangely. Then caught his reflection in the mirror. He touched his face, just to make sure. They watched in awe as he transformed into his werewolf form and wolf form, before turning back. 

He grabbed Jessica and kissed her so passionately, she almost forgot about Christian. She tried to pull away from him. 

"Who are you?" 

"It's me, Christian. I've aged Jess!"

...

Jessica played with a strand of Christian's hair. His head rested on her lap as she leant against one of the trees in the garden. 

It was still so amazing how he had transformed. That was the reason why the healing took so long, he had been aging. 

And oh how magnificent he looked. Like a painting, a work of art. His fingers entwined with hers felt so purley intimate and right. 

How could she have thought him a monster? Jake ran past them chasing after a Frisbee. This was how life should be like. Her and Christian, and a baby? She froze so quickly, Christian almost broke every bone in her hand. 

"What's wrong?" 

"Christian are you like all royal vampires?" Christian pondered her question, then it dawned on him. 

"If I said yes would that be a bad thing?" He hoped she gave the right answer.

"No, I want children with you." Christian pulled her face to his lips, 'I want children with you'. He'd remember those words for the rest of his life. But it couldn't be, he would never condemn a child to what he had endured. 

He shouldn't even be with Jessica, her life was now in danger, she loved him and that love would cause an all out war.   Jessica watched in anxiety as his face clouded over, it was obvious that he was against the idea. She however was not. As a female werewolf it was her duty to breed. As chauvinistic as it may seem, the females of the specie found it an honour to bare pups. 

Children were valued before all else, they kept the werewolves alive. She ran a hand down his taut cheek. 

"I cant Jessica, not after what happened to me." She knew he would say that, but she was bent upon giving him a child, whether he liked it or not.