 Christian allowed the coldness of night to wash over him. But still his anger burnt hot. The king of vampires was the most thick skulled being ever. 

As they walked his grounds he couldn't help but contemplate staking his grandfather. 

"You do not understand. He has taken your men." Cedric looked at the vampire beside him, his power tickled his skin and he knew that he was a force to be reckoned with. 

He played for time. He understood perfectly. His grandson was out of control. It was bound to get out of hand...again. Last time he had relied on a mortal. Maybe this time he would rely on of his own.

"Fine, I give you five of my best men, that should be sufficient, but we shall wait till he looks for us." His hand rose quieting Christians refusal. 

"No, we will do this my way, or no way." Christian nodded reluctantly, before taking to the skies. Damn him for a fool. 

Now he had five extra lives to care for. Why was Vlad being so difficult. Eternity in a coffin was not that bad, eternal sleep, what he'd give for that. 

Actually he would give anything to see Jessica once more. It had been a month since the incident and they had rarely spoken, except when it was necessary during school. His mind made up he materialised in the grounds.

The garden was still, too still. Nothing made a noise, no animals nor the wind. 

He looked towards the house. Only one room held a light and he knew it was her. He climbed up vines creeping towards her window. She sat hunched over her school work. 

He could see her head drooping and felt sympathetic towards her. Slowly he dematerialised, seeping through the small in the window pane. 

She looked as she always did. Perfect. Easing around her he lifted her to the bed, then lay beside her. He stroked her head rhythmically, her warm breath fanned his neck. This was how it was meant to be, they were meant to be together. 

He had missed her warmth, the feel of her in his arms. very slowly he allowed his eyes to drift shut, just for a few minutes, to savour this moment for when she awoke, he would make sure she had no idea he had been with her. Jessica came awake when a hard body shifted against her. For a moment she froze, the hand that wasn't tucked under the weight of the intruder searched under her pillow for the oak stake. 

Her stranger groaned softly then hugged her closer. The familiar smell washed over her. 

Christian. 

Her heart started beating rapidly, and she couldn't help but smile. He had tucked her in, even though she had work to complete. Carefully she pushed away from him, the feeling of security vanished as she escaped his arms. She looked down at him brushing a lock of golden hair away from his face.

"Jess." He whispered, his arms closed around air. Her heart broke as she saw the confusion and fear on his face. 

His head shot up, it took him awhile to register the figure above him as Jessica, a slow smile spread lazily across his face. "You're safe." Jessica nodded. 

"Did you have a bad dream?" All animosity towards him vanished. This was her love, and she would do anything to protect him. he nodded sheepishly. She sat on his lap and nuzzled his neck.

"I thought he had taken you, and I damned myself for not killing him. but I couldn't Jess, I just couldn't." Hot tears scorched her skin, she cursed herself for not comforting him. 

She took his head in her hands and kissed him feverishly, she took his large hand and placed it over her chest. 

"I'm still here. I'll not leave you, but you have to-." A loud crashing erupted in the house, followed by blood thirsty roars. 

"He's here." She heard Michael yell. Christian hands tightened around her before releasing her onto the bed. 

He opened the curtains and pulled open the window. The wind whipped his face, causing his hair to flutter madly around him. Jessica stood beside him and took his hand in hers. 

It was warm and dry, a massive contrast to her damp hands. 

"Hold onto me." She complied reveling in the feel of his strong arms around her body 

"Close your eyes." She felt light, she could feel the cool autumn breeze surround her. She peeped through her lashes and almost wished she hadn't. they were flying. 

Well floating, but her room was on the third storey. She almost kissed the ground when they landed on it. 

This was what she was the daughter of the moon and the earth. Jessica looked into Christian eyes and smiled, tugging his head to her lips. Christian loved the taste of her, she was his aphrodisiac. Addictive like a drug, but important like insulin. She was the very air he breathed. 

Since his parents death he had spent his life in the dark, not feeling lest he be hurt. But she had broken every barrier around his fragile heart. 

Jessica shivered under his gaze, a nice shiver. The iciness she had always seen in his eyes seemed to melt into stormy passion. 

His lips trailed down to the hollow of her neck, his fingers skimmed her aching breast. She arched towards him, feeling his arousal pressed against her own damp cavern.

The trees around them came to life. What seemed to be fifty wolves stalked around them. Toni stood in her SWAT gear. 

"What's going on Jessie?" She asked, aiming the gun at Christian chest. She moved instinctively before him. Christian smiled softly before pushing her behind him.

"I can take care of this baby." Jessica didn't doubt that, and she suddenly felt scared for her comrades. 

"No I wont hurt them." She squeezed his arm appreciably.

"What makes you think you can." Jessica groaned as Michael, came forth. 

A silver arrow in his crossbow, Christian raised an eyebrow at him. Jessica knew that Michael was still sore about the ball and would take great pleasure in killing the vampire. 

"Ah, the heir to the throne." He mocked. Growling he fired the arrow only for Christian to move both him and Jessica out of the way. 

"Are you trying to get your mate killed?" Jessica bristled. 

"I am not his mate."

"I know, you are mine." Jessica didn't doubt that for one moment. She was already branded his, and she didn't mind one bit.

"So where is this king of yours?" Christian taunted, as if in response, Philippe emerged. His face expressionless, behind him stood Van Helsing. 

"Hey dude, just let it go." He said approaching his friend. Christian sent a psychic wave, pushing him back. He landed on his rump and looked more bewildered than pained.

"Hand my grandsons mate, or else feel my wrath." Philippe spat vehemently. 

This bug needed to be squashed. Christian scoffed. Then thought better of it, instead he started speaking in fluent French, it made everyone confused. 

"Is it not written that the first grandson was to be king." Philippe stopped. That voice, it sound all too familiar. Just like Julian's. 

"I am the first grandson." said Michael. Everyone agreed. Christian shrugged confusingly. 

"There was me thinking Christian Julian Hassledown Valentine was the rightful heir." 

Jessica stood still. She knew it! He was The Halfling. The most feared creature in the world, capable of destroying all races. 

Philippe froze. It was Christian, the child he had wanted dead for so long. Before him stood his grandson. 

He had never thought he would appear as such. He though he would be a hideous monstrosity, instead he stood tall and strong. He was handsome and he had love in his eyes. Philippe waved away his men. Allowing room for them to leave. And they did just that.