 The next time Jessica saw Chris was in biology. Toni and Michael were in a totally different lesson to her and somehow she was now sitting next to a vampire. There was only one seat left that was shrouded in total darkness, he sat there reclining on the lab stool, a pen tucked behind a well formed ear. 

"Oh, god." Jessica groaned as he smiled and waved at her energetically. Every person in the room had their eyes glued to him. he was so powerful and beautiful it was hard not to be drawn to him. Jessica reluctantly sat by his side, unsure of what he was going to do. these humans were not safe with him around, and it was her duty to save them. 

"What are you doing here?" Jessica hissed as the teacher began her lesson.

"That's not very nice." Christian raised an eyebrow at her "There was me thinking you'd be glad to see me." 

"Fat chance." She scoffed, scribbling down s something about haemoglobin, she growled as she heard his mocking laughter. 

"I love you too". For some reason his words caused her heart to beat rapidly, what was wrong with her? He smiled wickedly as if reading her mind, but she knew that wasn't true because werewolves had shields over their minds against vampires. They could only hear telepathic messages. 

"Why are you here? What is you want? Why were those werewolves protecting you?" Christian rubbed his head, so many questions. Jessica waited for him patiently, who exactly was this vampire. 

"Meet me in the gym closet at break". Jessica was just about to say 'as if' when the bell rang, with a flick of his hand he became a dark mist swirling in the air and filtering through the door. 

Jessica gathered her things slowly. If she didn't meet him, it would seem rude. Plus there had been times when he could have hurt her, right? Some how deep down she knew he wouldn't. he was a vampire her mortal enemy, yet she felt at ease with him. maybe it was just because he had helped her and her pack. Yes that had to be it. She would tell him that if he approached her again she would stake him.

"Hey Jessie, wait up!" Toni skidded to her side, her skateboard Harry tucked under her arm. "You were pretty shaken up yesterday, what happened?" Jessica racked her brain for a feasible excuse. 

"I left my trainer in the gym closet, that's where I'm headed now." Toni cocked her head. She and Jessica were close, like sisters she could sense a lie in her explanation. She tried to make eye contact, but she averted her gaze. 

"I gotta run." she carried on walking down the corridor. As soon as Toni was out of sight she ran all the way into the gym. It was dark and empty, even at noon the sun barely lit the large room. Lucky for her she had wolf vision. She found the closet door ajar, carefully she closed it behind her. She saw Chris juggling six balls at a time, creating a large multi coloured arch. 

"Hi Chris, or should I say Christian." Christian dropped the balls. A wry smile on his perfect face. 

"You found me out, and there I was pretty sure I had fooled you." Jessica couldn't help but smile as he pushed out his bottom lip and scowled. Why was she so easy with him? it shouldn't be possible, she hated vampires. But he seemed different and once again the thought crossed her mind that maybe, just maybe he was the Christian Valentine. Christian had no idea why he asked her to meet him. All he did know was that he was drawn to her like no other. Not even the calling of blood made him feel like this when he had gone decades without. I need you. those three word seemed to taunt him every time he looked at her, every time he heard her beating heart. Would she welcome him if he told her the truth, that he was indeed the Halfling? 

Never had there been a Halfling in all history. What if they mated and had children, would they be tracked down and murdered just like his parents had? 

"My parents were murdered by werewolves. The Edmonds took me in." He said after the uncomfortable silence. 

"I was six at the time, and even though they are werewolves, they have loved me like their own." 

Jessica knew there was more to the story, maybe in time he'd trust her with it. Did she want him to trust her. What if she had to chose between him and her fellow brethren? She knew she was falling for this curious vampire. They barely knew each other but she felt like she did. As cheesy as it may seem, she could see herself in love with him. 

Christian walked slowly towards her. A small smile on his lips. Before she could react he ducked his head and kissed her fully on the lips. Christian had meant it to be a quick kiss, it was anything but that. In all his three hundred years, he had never responded to a woman quite like this one. It were as if a dozen hands were soothing his very core, stroking his chest, massaging his head cupping his...wait a second! Jessica was cupping him. he opened his mind, used his telepathy to see what exactly was going on. 

She was leaning into him clutching at his arousal. Christian's outer spirit just shrugged. He wanted to concentrate on her taste. Like honey sweet and addictive. 

Jessica hadn't realised her hands had been wandering. One hand was attached firmly in his dark hair whilst her palm was stroking him. the feel of his tongue caressing her mouth should have revolted her. Instead she could feel her legs buckling under such intimate scrutiny. 

"Babe, I hate to interrupt this but the freshman's are starting gym." Jessica pulled away reluctantly. She traced her swollen lips and touched her mussed hair. Shyly she looked at Chris. 

His lips also looked bruised, his hair stuck out in all directions and he was missing his first three buttons. Christian watched in bemused amusement as Jessica blushed. 

"Did I do that?" Her body tingled as he laughed softly. A nice deep laugh. He nodded his head. 

"Come on princess, all you'll be late for class." Jessica looked at his hand. She knew that if she took it, their relationship would never be the same again. His hand felt warm in hers. 

...

Steve looked at his brother suspiciously. Ever since he come home he had, had a far of gaze. Like he was remembering a memory a good memory. What confused Steve even more was the fact that Christian didn't have any good memories. Well apart from family ones, but he never reminisced about them. He watched as Christian levitated from his bed and sighed deeply, content. 

"What the fuck is going on!" Steve roared. It didn't surprise him that Christian didn't flinch. He didn't scare easily. "Brother?" Steve whispered honest to god worried. 

"I think I'm in love." Steve had trouble picking his jaw from the floor. In love. Christian Valentine? It couldn't be. He was a fearless warrior. Hell bent on ridding the world of anything that threatened the human race. He just couldn't be in love. 

"Oh yes I am Steve." Steve gasped as Christian sent him a mental image of Christian and the red haired werewolf hand in hand wearing wedding clothes. They were skipping in a meadow with two little Christian's running around them. The werewolf was heavily pregnant. 

"Stop that." Steve growled. Next came a picture of Christian and the werewolf sitting in old rockers, grandchildren at their feet. The old wrinkled Christian looked at him and winked. Steve couldn't help but laugh. It was so like Christian to see the funny side of things. 

"Now be gone, puppy I have more daydreaming to do." Christian used his telekinises to move Steve and slam the door in his face. Steve rubbed his face and blinked a few times.

"Mom!" He yelled running down the stairs. Christian smiled as he heard Steve tell Mary what was happening to him. was he really in love, or was it passing fancy? He had never known love, not the kind between a man and his woman. Sure he had seen it between Mary and Simon, but he had never felt it. He sighed deeply again, he allowed his spirit self to track Jessica down. 

The city rushed pass him, drunk office men and women, a homeless person, a cat mating. Then he found her sitting on a small mound just outside the mansion. Her face was lit by the cresent moon. Soon it would be time for a full moon, then she would know. Would she hate him? all were-hunters were taught that if they ever came across the Halfling, he must be killed. For the Halfling was even more powerful than the gods. 

"Hi baby." Christian almost jumped as Jessica talked to him. how did she know he was there? "I could smell you" she answered. 

Christian smiled and settled beside her. Slowly he made himself visible, although he was just a hologram. He wore a tight black shirt tucked in dark jeans. She noticed the tattoo trailing down his arm and reached over to trace it. Her hand went through his image. 

"Sorry Jess." His voice was like a caress. Jessica harrumphed, then smiled as Christian laughed softly once more. 

"Do you think it is wise that we have these feeling for each other?" Jessica didn't look at him when she asked her question. She didn't want to see humour, or confusion. She didn't want to think that he may not feel the same way she felt about him. 

Christian was silent for a moment, unsure how to fraze his answer. 

"No, but I was never one to do the wise thing. My mother always told me to follow my heart." It was then that Jessica looked at him. there she saw what was locked in her heart. Her eyes fluttered shut as he kissed her. Well kissed her in a holographic kind of way. She couldn't feel it, but she could imagine what it felt like. 

"Jessica!" They sprang apart, she watched with a heavy heart as he dissolved into the night. She looked up angrily at her friend. Toni either didn't notice her friends look, or did not care. In her hand was an invitation. 

"From who?" Jessica looked over her friend's shoulder. Her heart picked up speed. She turned and howled at the moon. The king had invited the students and her grandfather to the harvest ball. Toni joined her, incarnating into wolf form. They ran together in the woods, scaring the pants of voles and tumbling in the grass.