 "I wanna come to." Jessica slapped Christian playfully. 

Already his roots were showing, such a pure blonde that it was almost white. They stood by his window watching the crescent moon play peek-a-boo behind grey clouds, her head tucked under his chin. His steady heart beat, a soothing lullaby. 

Christian could hardly contain his excitement. He would finally meet his grandfather. Oh he would enjoy killing him. Jessica continued tracing circles around his nipple. "Pretty please. I can try to hide my aura Jess, please let me come." Jessica looked into his eyes and could feel his wanting to be there, but if she did invite him and even if he did hide is aura she knew he would try to kill the king. It was every vampires goal. 

"Promise you wont kill the king?." She felt him tense under her touch. 

"I can't do that ma chére. I'll try." His grey eyes widened, his face became slightly chubby and he gave her a puppy dog whimper. Jessica laughed, cuddling him to her chest. 

"Fine." She resigned. Christian kissed her fully. His tongue traced her lips, his teeth nibbled her bottom lip. 

Jessica moaned as his hands wandered to her breast. She felt his desire for her as his erection pressed against her stomach, and it ignited her own, making her ache for his body, his touch. She wanted him inside her so desperately it stunned her. Never in her life had she wanted a man or beast like this. He lifted her up in his arms, supporting her weight as he deepened his kiss. Effortlessly, his strong hands held her bottom against his hips so that his bulge pressed against her core. She moaned as the intimate contact with leather and man. Kissing him back as hard as she could, she wrapped her legs around his waist. She felt his satisfied laugh rumble out of his body. It made his stomach caress her between her legs, his chest brush against hers, enflaming her even more. Oh, hon, what are you doing? Jessica heard her reasonable voice in her head. She hadn't slept with anyone before, it was against the laws for any royal to sleep with anyone but their mate, and here she was about to have sex with her mortal enemy. A vampire. But for some reason, none of that mattered. The only thing she could focus on was how good he felt as she held him. How wonderful he looked, and the fact that she cared for him . More than she should. More than what made sense. Right or wrong, she wanted to share her body with him. No, she needed this. It was what she wanted deep down in her heart. And she'd always followed her heart-wherever it led her. There would be no regrets about this. He slid the hem of her dress back, over her thighs. She shivered at the feel of the cool material crawling up her skin, followed by the heat of his hands. He glided his palms up the backs of her thighs until he cupped her bare bottom. 

He growled in pleasure, the sound deep and primal.  "I like the way you feel, Jess." He breathed against her lips.

Jessica couldn't think straight with his large, strong hands on her naked skin. He dipped his head to her neck where his lips burned her. His fangs nipped her skin tenderly. He delivered a hot, shivery lick to her skin. Her thoughts shattered. The man was simply delectable; she couldn't turn him away, even if they had to end up killing him, she had to have him at least once.  Christian gave her a tight-lipped smile as he saw the raw hunger in her light eyes. He was going to savour this woman. Every last inch of her. As a mix breed, he had chosen his lovers, randomly, knowing he'd never see them again. 

For centuries, he'd contented himself with one-night stands. With wanton women who wanted nothing more from him than the few hours of the pleasure he could give them.  After minimal conversation to placate them, he had screwed them wildly, and in the end, they had gone their separate ways. Most of the time he hadn't even bothered asking their names. But he knew something it was different about this one.  Licking his lips in anticipation, he ran his hand over her silken thigh, up to her hips. This woman had the finest butt he'd ever caressed. He pushed her dress up to her waist while she locked her ankles behind his back. 

His head spun at the feel of her wrapped around him like this. The heat of her inner thighs burned his waist as he felt her wetness against his stomach. 

"Do you normally wear a dress without knickers?" He whispered hoarsely into her ear. 

Jessie whimpered and replied "They take too long to take off." Christian laughed returning to her lips; he carried her to the bed and laid her down on the mattress. 

Without breaking his hold, he lay down on top of her and kissed her fully, deeply, as he ground his swollen groin against the part of her he couldn't wait to bury himself into. He sampled the warmth of her mouth and listened to her moans of pleasure. Closing his eyes, he inhaled her unique scent and let it wash over him. Jessica wanted to weep at how good he felt on top of her. The leather of his pants caressed her intimately as his lips tormented hers. 

His hair tickled her neck with every movement he made. And his hands felt wickedly wonderful as he ran them over her body, seeking out every part of her. She almost whimpered in protest when he moved away. He pulled her dress from her and tossed it to the floor. She felt more than just physically naked in front of him. 

For some reason she felt spiritually bare as well. It was as if he could see deep inside her somehow, as if he knew things about her no one else knew. As if they were connected on a level that transcended their physical bonding. This was outrageous since he was a vampire and she was a werewolf. 

At least she thought so until he returned to lie on top of her. Then her thoughts scattered again and she became one with the moment. It was strange, really, this sensation of him. Jessica hissed at how wonderful he tasted. She brought her hands around his waist, to his fly. His bulge huge. He was so hard and ready for her. She laced her fingers through his short curls, moving her hand lower until she could cup the soft heat of him in her palm. Christian moaned in pleasure. It felt so incredibly good to have her holding him like that. He had sex more times than he could count and yet there was something new about this experience. She pulled his pants down lower so that she could tuck her toes into them and pull them off. She rose up on her knees and leaned her naked body against his bare back, making him tremble from the feel of her breasts against his spine.

"I just love this tattoo." She said as she slowly traced it dawn his back with her tongue.

"I love when you do that." He said, tossing his boots and pants into the corner. He gripped the edge of the bed as she explored his back with her mouth.

"Does it have a special meaning?"

He closed his eyes as she returned to tracing the marks with her tongue. 

"They're Romanian symbols for protection, power, and sui generic." Christian clenched his teeth at the last meaning. 

"Of its own kind." Jessica whispered, she gave one long, warm lick, then pulled back. 

"I can't believe Mary did this. My father had a cow when he saw mine, god bless his soul." Christian looked at her over his shoulder. 

"You have a tattoo?" It was a very small, Celtic cross with the jagged symbol for creativity. Smiling, he ran his hand over it. "Very nice."  She moaned as he dipped his head and took one of her breasts into his mouth. Christian sighed at the feel of her puckered areola under his tongue. 

He brushed his hand through the moist tangle of curls until he could touch the part of her he craved the most. She groaned and shivered as he carefully separated the tender folds until he could tease her cleft.  Jessica clutched his head to her breast as she opened her legs wider, giving him access to her body. She ached and throbbed at the feel of his hand stroking her. And when he plunged his fingers inside, she cried out. 

Unable to wait any longer, she reached down between their bodies so that she could guide him deep inside her. They groaned in unison.  Jessica arched her back as soon as the stinging sensation ended, drawing him even deeper. He was so hard and hot, so full. She'd never felt anything better than him filling her. 

He sat back on his legs and pulled her hips so that he could slide into her, slowly, deeply. It was a rolling rhythm that made her writhe from intense pleasure of his intimate strokes. She stared at him as he watched her with a tender look on his face.

"You are beautiful." He breathed, rolling his hips against hers and thrusting himself even deeper and harder inside her.

"You too." She said as she clutched at his knees.  

He had such a way with his hips as he slid himself in and out, hard and deep. He teased her with his hands, his fingers stroking her in time to his thrusts. 

The pleasure of his touch permeated every fibre of her being. And when she came, the orgasm was so intense that she screamed. Christian growled at the sound of her ecstasy as her body clutched his. 

Crying out, she reached up and pulled him down on top of her. She nuzzled his neck and face, raining kisses all over his cheek and shoulder. Her lips scorched his skin as she continued to nuzzle his neck and thrust herself against him. He held her tight and closed his eyes. His senses and emotions reeled from the pleasure of the moment.  Jessica felt like a different woman, she felt like a woman. She sighed as he rolled of her and pulled her into his arms. she rubbed her nose against his hairless chest, and smiled as his arms tightened around her. 

"Sleep Jess." Jessica kissed him gently on the lips before following his order.