 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and I woke up in a world where every woman looks like they've stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine. Am I in a coma? Am I mad? Or have I died and gone to heaven? Whatever the hell has happened, it's like I'm on a different planet. With a bit of luck, if I can work out what the fuck is going on, maybe I can get back to the real world. If I want to, that is.

† † † † †

I sat at my desk, flipping through the small booklet that Darla, my agent, had given me the other day. It was basically a catalogue from Shoot magazine showing the girls that were available to work with me over the coming weeks.

When I say "girls" I mean gorgeous pornstars with huge, fake tits - - and when I say "work with me" I mean star in porn films and get fucked by my huge dick.

No seriously - - since I woke up from my coma in this weird New World, I've discovered me, my mom and my sister are all pornstars, both of them have killer bodies with huge tits, and are desperate for me to fuck them. Weirder still, incest is legal - - as long as you're over the age of consent and into it - - and there was a President Fitzgerald in the 60's. Even fucking weirder is that there's a loose-knit collection of people in a similar situation to me who remember the world they've come from and try and help newcomers decide what to do. Basically my options are to embrace my new pornstar life and forget about my old one, stay in this world but move away from my job and mom and sis, or return to the Old World by dying in this one.

You want any of that in more detail, go read the earlier chapters.

Like I said, I was sat flipping through the booklet, grinning to myself. This world was real similar to the Old World but it had a few differences - - my obvious employment and endowment aside for the moment. Those differences in some cases were subtle by simple, often just a slightly different name, as I was discovering in the booklet.

Having been a fan of big tits in the Old World, I'd bought copies of the premier big boob mag, Score - - here in the New World, it was called Shoot. In its heyday of the mid-90's, it featured silicone enhanced models like Tiffany Towers, Sarenna Lee and Wendy Whoppers, all models I'd fantasised about over the years. Those and others were in this booklet I held but that's where those subtle differences came into play.

The faces and bodies were the same, but the names were different. The big haired blonde was Lisa Weapons - - the slightly thicker bodied, round faced brunette was Letha Lipps. The incredibly fit MILF with the hard body was Pandora Pumpkins - - the brunette with the knowing smile was Penelope Peaks. The gorgeous blonde Canadian was Tiffany Topps - - the fresh faced almost innocent looking blonde was Traci Towers. The athletic redhead with the beauty spot was Sana Lee - - and the queen of them all for me, the Marilyn Monroe of the big titted models of the 90's, was Sarenna Fey.

All of them - - and others including Angelique Alps, Brittany Hills, Candy Gunns and Deena Derringer - - were willing to star in a porno with me, literally making my Old World dreams come true. I could get to fuck my fantasy girls - - not to mention my incredibly hot mother and sister - - and all I had to do was just embrace this life and forget the old one.

So why the fuck was I even hesitating about this?

"Hey big brother, what you doing?" Chelsea asked in a sing-song voice as she sashayed into my room. For once she was dressed relatively normally in jeans and a T-shirt - - I'd become used to her wearing outrageous porno outfits around the house lately - - but she still looked drop dead gorgeous and I couldn't help notice the way her T-shirt was stretched over her big, round, fake tits.

"Just checking out some prospective work," I said, looking her up at down.

"Really? Looks like you're checking me out," she said stepping closer, pulling up the spare chair and sitting next to me at my desk. My instinct was to move away and grab some clothes - - I was only wearing a vest top and boxers - - but then I remembered the episode from the shower and figured she wasn't going to complain about what I was wearing.

"No, no," I said a little too quickly. "No - - it's just this - - this brochure Darla gave me," I explained.

She took it from me and flicked through the pages. "Mmmm, Shoot magazine," she said, licking her lips as she looked at the models on the pages. "Did Darla mention me and mom are hoping to do some work for them in the next few days?"

"No, she didn't," I said. "You've definitely got the qualifications," I said before thinking, glancing at her huge tits.

"Aren't you getting bolder?" she said with a laugh, slapping me on the thigh as I blushed, leaving her hand there.

"So are you - - are you going to be - - ummm - - appearing - - together?" I asked nervously. Darla had shown me footage of Chelsea and our mom in a porno together so I knew they'd done it before.

"Not at first," she said, handing the brochure back to me. "We're doing a couple of solo shoots first, then they're hoping to team us up with one or two of their regular girls."

"Really? Who?" I asked maybe a little too eager to find out.

"I think they want to team me up with Tiffany Topps," Chelsea said, smiling as I couldn't help groaning in pleasure at the thought of my sister hooking up with one of my all time favourite models. "And I think mom's going to be getting it on with - - oh, what's her name?" she said, tapping her fingers on my thigh. "Oh yeah - - Sarenna Fey."

"Jesus," I couldn't help but moan. My mom. With Sarenna Fey. My absolute, all time, no question about it favourite big tit model. Together.

"Mmmm, I can tell you like that idea," Chelsea said, sliding her hand over my rapidly hardening cock, the front of my boxers expanding. "You know we're going to be using toys, too?" Chelsea continued. "It's not just standing next to each other and pretending to lick each other's boobs or whatever. Mom's really looking forward to using a strap on with Sarenna."

"Has - - has Sarenna Fey ever done - - hardcore?" I asked. I knew the Old World version had only done solo or girl/girl shoots and videos - - maybe the New World version was a bit more adventurous?

"No," Chelsea said, dashing my hopes as she rubbed at my cock. "Although the word from Shoot magazine is that she'd be willing to break her hardcore cherry if - - " She stopped, leaving the sentence hanging, still running her hand over my by now very hard, very big cock.

"If what?" I asked.

"If you'd be willing to fuck mom on screen with her at the same time." Chelsea said, pulling my boxers down and freeing my hard-on, gripping it tightly as she slowly jerked me off.

"Oh fuck - - really?" I asked.

"Uh-huh," Chelsea said, leaning down slowly. "She's a real big fan of yours and mom's," she said, sticking her tongue out and rolling it round the top of my knob, lapping up the clear pre-cum that dribbled from the slit. "She'd love to get this fucking - - big - - cock of yours inside her, but the deal is, you gotta fuck mom, too."

She took the first few inches of my cock into her mouth and sucked and licked at it gently, nursing on the flared head. Sister or not, she was damn good at that and I watched her bob up and down on my prick, her hand still sliding up and down the shaft.

"God, I want this inside me," she breathed, looking up at me, her lips moving against the side of my cock. "I want you to fuck me, Alex," Chelsea said. "Will you, big brother? Will you fuck me?"

I looked at her as she licked up and down the length of my cock, staring at me the whole time, and I so fucking desperately wanted to just say yes, of course I'll fuck you. But something - - conscience? Guilt? Suspicion? - - just wouldn't let me.

"I - - I can't, Chels," I gasped.

"But I can still do this, right?" she asked hopefully, sucking my cock between her lips again.

"Fuck yes," I said, letting her take as much of my cock as she could.

And yeah, there was part of me saying "Sure, you're okay with your sister blowing you, but you won't fuck her? You fucking hypocrite," but what can I say? It still didn't seem right fucking her.

I groaned as she shoved as much of my dick into her mouth and down her throat as she could manage, her mouth as wide as possible, her tongue sticking out on the underside of my length. She coughed a little, sending thick streams of spit down my shaft which she used to lubricate it, still jerking me as she sucked on my cock.

"Will you - -hahhhhh - - will you cum for me, big brother?" she gasped, looking up at me, my slippery cock sliding over her face. "Will you give me a big, creamy load?"

"Yeah," I sighed and then - - to my own surprise and before I could stop myself - - added "If you show me your tits."

Chelsea didn't even pause. She just knelt up, grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and whipped it off over her head, her huge, round melons jiggling softly. She leaned in again grabbed my cock, quickly sandwiching it between her big tits, sliding them up and down my dick.

"Ohhhhh God, yeah," I groaned, watching my sister tit-fuck me.

"Mmmmm, you like that, don't you?" Chelsea asked. "You like the feel of your cock in my mouth - - and between my tits, don't you?" She spat into her cleavage, added more lubrication to the mixture of spit and pre-cum that already lined the valley of her jugs. "Think how much nicer it would feel in my pussy," she said.

"Chels - - Chels, I can't," I moaned.

"Mmmmm, your sister's hot - - wet - - pussy wrapped around your cock," she said, ignoring my half-hearted complaining, still moving her huge tits up and down my cock. "Think about that, Alex - - think about sliding this big dick of yours into my horny cunt - - think how good that would feel."

"Oh Jesus - - Chelsea," I managed to groan.

"Or maybe," she said, dropping her voice to a whisper, "maybe you'd like to stuff it up my ass?"

My eyes went wide and I swear to God I almost passed out at the thought of it.

"I know you would - - I know you love butt fucking girls, Alex," Chelsea continued. "I bet you'd love to cram this big fucking tool of yours up my tight little asshole, wouldn't you?"

"Ohhhh fuck," was the most intelligent response I could come up with at that point. My conscience or whatever wouldn't let me fuck her - - but would fucking her ass count? Could I get away with that?

"You know," she whispered, running her huge tits up and down my cock. "I'd be happy to let you fuck mom before me - - let you fuck her tight pussy before mine - - if you promise me one thing."

"What?" I gasped, my dick swelling between her mounds.

"If you promise to fuck my ass before hers," my sister said, grinning up at me.

"Uhhhhhnnnn - - I promise," I groaned. Honestly at that point I'd have promised her anything.

We both froze as we heard the main door downstairs open and then close, followed by our mother's voice calling up the stairs.

"Alex? Chelsea? Are you here?"

Chelsea smiled, dipped her head and kissed my knob goodbye before pulling my boxers back up. "Hi mom!" she called out. "We're in Alex's room." She casually reached for her T-shirt and pulled it on, covering her huge tits back up just as our mother walked into the room.

"And what have you been up to?" she asked, sauntering over to where I sat and where Chelsea still knelt between my legs.

"I was just blowing him and letting him fuck my tits, mom," Chelsea said brazenly.

"Mmmmm, but judging by that hard-on, you didn't let him cum, did you?" my mom asked her, leaning over and reaching down to grasp my cock through my shorts. "Has your wicked little sister been teasing you, Alex?" she asked me, stroking my rock hard dick.

"Yeah, a little," I said quietly, staring at my mom. She wore a skin tight skirt and a blue silk shirt which, as she was bent over, was straining desperately to contain her huge and obviously braless tits, the tits I'd last seen covered in my spunk.

"Well maybe later we can think of some way of making it up to you," my mom said, gently squeezing my cock. "But for now," she said, standing up, "I need you both to get dressed as I'm taking you out for lunch."

"What?" I squeaked, my dick almost bursting a hole through my boxers. Sure I'd resisted their advances up till now but I didn't expect to be left with a case of blue balls like this.

"Come on you," my mom said, lifting Chelsea up on to her feet. "Let's let Alex get dressed and then we'll go get a bite to eat. I have some good news I want to share."

I watched dumbfounded as mom and Chelsea left my room, arms round each other's waists, leaving me all fired up with nowhere to go.

† † † † †

A half hour later we sat in a nice restaurant enjoying a good Italian light lunch. I was in slacks and a smart, short sleeved shirt, mom was in the same skirt and blue silk blouse, and Chelsea had changed into a tight, front zipped blouse and a mini-skirt that only just covered her butt cheeks. Sat at a window table, we could chat and watch the world in all its handsome men and gorgeous women glory go by.

"So what's your news, mom?" Chelsea asked after we'd finished most of the meal.

"Well," she started with a big smile. "It ties in with Alex here. I've spent the morning with Darla and a lovely young lady from the Shoot magazine group. They're really keen to get Alex shooting with them, as you know, and we were working out some final details to entice him back in front of the camera."

"Ah," Chelsea said, looking a little shamefaced. "I might have let slip one or two things there, mom."

Mom frowned at her, looking a little annoyed. "Really?" She turned to me. "Did she tell you about me doing a shoot with Sarenna Fey?"

"Yeah, she did," I said, feeling sorry for Chelsea.

"And what about Sarenna wanting you to be the first guy she fucks on screen?"

I grinned a little. "Yeah, but she said she'd do it only if - - only if I fucked you as well."

Mom said back in her chair, crossed her arms under her huge tits, and frowned at Chelsea.

"Looks like you've stolen all my thunder," she said. After a second, though, she smiled. "Although there's one bit you haven't told Alex because I only arranged that this morning." Mom leaned over to me, putting her hand on my thigh. "If you agree to a threesome with me and Sarenna," she said, "she's agreed to do anal." My eyebrows shot up my forehead. "That's right, baby - - she wants you to fuck her asshole - - right after you fuck mine."

"Holy fuck," I whispered. Back in the Old World, I'd seen a couple of videos of the real Sarenna taking a dildo in her butt and often imagined her doing that with a guy. Of course, I'd never imagined that - - alternate world or not - - I'd be offered the chance of being that guy.

"What do you say, honey?" mom asked me.

"I - - Jesus, I - - ummm," and fell silent as I glanced out the window.

There was a man on the other side of the street watching me. He wore a long black coat and a wide-brimmed hat despite the summer sun. It was the man from outside the hospital, the man from outside Darla's office, the one who had told me I didn't belong here. He was, according to Daphne, going to force me into making a decision about whether I wanted to stay here or not.

"Can you - - can you give me a minute?" I asked them and then hurried out of the restaurant, beckoning the man over as I moved out of my mom and sister's line of sight. He walked over and I couldn't help but wince at his white, drawn face. He hadn't looked well at our first meeting and now looked even worse: his cheeks were sunken, his skin pasty and blotchy, seeming to peel in place, and his eyes were jaundiced, surrounded by red, sore flesh.

"You don't belong here," he said, his voice cracked and rough.

"I know, I know. I spoke with - - with one of the errr - - the outsider people?" I said, hoping he knew who I meant.

"Don't believe her," he said. "She lies, she always lies."

"What? What do you mean?"

"I know what she told you, about this being another world, a limbo or something. It's not true." He coughed, a little blood spraying out of his mouth. "If you have sex with your mother or sister, this whole thing ends," he said, coughing again.

I didn't feel like saying I'd already been blown by both of them - - I figured if a blow job didn't count as sexual relations for Bill Clinton, then it didn't for me.

"Daphne said if I did that, I'd become part of this world. I'd become the pornstar everyone thinks I am." I hoped I didn't sound as desperate as I thought I did.

"That's bullshit. You're dying, Alex," he said. "This whole thing," he waved his arm around, "is nothing more than a dying man's fucked up wish fulfilment dream."

"What?"

"If you fuck your mother or your sister, that's it, you die, end of story," he said. "Your weird, Oedipal complex dream gets done and your body gives up."

"I - - I don't understand. Daphne said - - "

"She told you what you wanted to hear. I'm telling you what you need to hear." He bent over and coughed again, spitting out more blood. "We're both parts of you, you asshole," he said, standing back up. "She's the part you want to be true, the one who gives you licence to do whatever the fuck you want. I'm the part that knows you're lying in a hospital bed after the car accident and you're dying."

I felt sick and staggered against the wall of the building next to me, my head spinning.

"You got one chance, Alex," the man in black said. "You need to end this bullshit here and get back to the real world. The longer you leave it, the sooner you're going to die in here."

"How - - how do you know that?" I asked.

"All the women around here - - they been offering themselves to you? Your mom and sister been trying to get you to fuck them, yeah? Offering you more and more incentives? Upping the ante, putting more on the table?"

I thought about it and had to agree. Since I'd arrived, my mother and sister had been tempting me with more and more. Hell, not ten minutes ago, my mom had offered me the ass of my favourite big tit model!

"They want you to succumb, to fuck 'em. Soon as you do, that's it, you're dead and this whole thing falls apart."

"So - - so this isn't an - - alternate world? I'm not a pornstar here?"

The man in black coughed again and again. "Of course not, you fuckwit. You're just boring old Alex Taylor who got his car hit by a truck while sitting in it. This, this whole sick, sordid fantasy, is your brain trying to let you down easy. Me? I'm the one trying to save your ass."

I stared at him, unsure whether to believe him or not. Daphne had told me if I fucked my mother I'd be part of this world, forget about the old one and live happily ever after. This guy was telling me if I fucked her, I'd die.

"Jesus," I said. "That's a hell of a choice to make."

"Make it quick," the man said, coughing again. "I don't think I've got long left. And if I die, so do you."

"What? How the hell does that work?"

"Like I said, I'm part of you. We're one and the same person, you asshole. I'm the personification of all your injuries and illness, just like Daphne's the image of your lusts and fantasies."

"So how - - I mean, if I don't fuck my mom - - what happens?"

"Kill yourself here," he said. "Jump in front of a car, throw yourself off a building, cut your own fucking head off if you like. You do that, you'll wake up in hospital."

"That's what Daphne said would happen," I said.

"Not everything she said was bullshit. Even she knows there's a way out for you." He turned and walked off, coughing all the while. Just before he turned a corner, he looked back at me. "Make your mind up quick. You ain't got long," he said, and was gone. 
