 Pro

I was at an adult theater watching a guy share his lady with others. She had a cock in each hand and a mouth on each tit. Her guy handed a man a condom and he was soon fucking her. She appeared to be in the middle of a feeding frenzy. After the guy fucking her was done another condom was handed out and she was fucked again. Her body was covered with cum by the time the second man ejaculated but then I heard her say to her guy, "We have to go."

No one questioned that statement and the couple was soon outside. I knew the best show was over and I left too. On the parking lot I saw him give her some money then say, "Catch a cab, you have money," then got in his pickup and drove away.

She did not notice me until she was alone.

"I take it you were a hired performer," I said.

She gave me a quizzical look and said, "Yes but I can't take on another customer right now, I'm exhausted and need to go home."

"Do you think you have the energy for gumbo and coffee?"

She gave me another quizzical look and asked, "Are you serious?"

"Yes, I'm on my way to the Cajun Café and you look like you could use a pick me up. That and it will be easier to get a cab to come get you there rather than here."

"If you don't mind."

I smiled and led her to my car and opened the door for her.

"If you wish we could go someplace closer to your home and save cab money."

"The Cajun Café will be fine."

The next time I looked in her direction she was nude and toweling herself clean. She put on khaki shorts and a peasant blouse and changed her high heels for sandals. When done she looked like a different person. No one looked at us when we went in.

She walked up to the cashier and kissed her cheek.

"I thought you were working tonight?" the cashier asked.

"I did then was left stranded. This guy volunteered to get me gumbo tonight."

"Hi, I'm Don, pleased to meet you."

"Nice to meet you and thanks for bringing my daughter here. Two gumbos and two coffees coming out soon."

The woman led me to a booth and as soon as we sat she said, "Yes, Mom knows what I do for a living. She has no problems with my job but worries about my safety. You are now a knight in shining armor for her. Don't take advantage."

I saw she was kidding so I just hung my head in disappointment.

She giggled.

By the time we were eating I had forgotten she was a hooker and we enjoyed each other's company. When we finished our second cup of coffee I asked her how long she would need to wait for her mother and she said, "Just until midnight, her relief is already here."

"In that case I will say bye. It has been a pleasure all around. Good night."

I kissed her cheek and waved at her mother and left. I went back to the theater, I needed a blowjob. That had been impossible while she was there so I was going back to try again.

There were more men there than had been earlier and that included a guy that had sucked me off a couple of times before. He recognized me and followed me into a booth. He sat on the bench as I lowered my slacks and pulled out my cock.

He loved sucking cock and gave me his best effort but my cock was not very interested. I sat next to him with a long sigh.

"Just one of those things tonight?" He asked.

"Yeah, just distracted. There was a hooker with a guy here earlier tonight and several guys used her although not me. I had a hard cock all the time she was here but never got to use it on her or any of the guys."

"Was she pretty?"

"Yes she was, nice body, nice tits, shaved pussy, but her expression went from fun to that of someone on another boring day at work."

The guy was now on his knees making love to my cock. I caressed his face and hair. 

"It's funny to think about that. Do astronauts have boring days? Do major league catchers?" he asked before returning my cock into his mouth.

"I don't see how but now I don't know."

The guy slid a hand to my butt and slowly worked a finger into my ass. My cock became very excited and I was soon filling his mouth with cum. He swallowed all of it but kept his finger in my ass and my cock in his mouth. I found both sensations were very enjoyable and relaxed. 

We talked about boredom and I confessed that I was getting a little bored with the theater. He asked me if I was bored now and I chuckled. "No, you have my complete attention."

My cock never did go down and soon he sucking hard as he fingerfucked my ass. I had an explosive cum and he again swallowed all of it. He slid his finger out of my ass and sat next to me. I kissed his lips and said thanks.

"Anytime," he said.

He left the booth and I soon followed and went home. I had a decent job and a decent patio home. I had been married for seven years when we decided we had gone past the good part of our relationship two years before. I had dated several women and got laid on a semi-regular basis but ended up at the adult theater anyway.

Having a guy suck me that first time had been magical. I have been coming back at least three times a month for over a year. But for the last months it had become just something to do. The woman and the guy had put some energy back into my life.

I was back at the theater the following week and after a quick blowjob from a guy I had never seen before I went back to the Cajun Café. I said hello to the mother but did not ask about her daughter. As I was leaving she said, "Trish is sick by the way. She has that flu everyone is catching."

"Oh man, I had that two months ago, you think your going to die then you worry you wont die. I feel for her."

"You had it? Then you are immune to it. I need a favor, take medicine and some food to her. She wont let me in because she is afraid I would catch it and is sure I would die if I did."

"Sure, I'll have another cup of coffee while you get her stuff ready."

Her mother called her and told Trish I was coming. When I got there I had to wait by her door while she threw up.

The place stunk and I searched her apartment for antiseptic spray and covered her bed and the entire bathroom with it. I told her that every time she got up she needed to wash her hands and before she ate to wash her hands and before going to bed to wash her hands.

I sat with her and watched her eat some soup and some crackers then helped her back to bed. I waited until she was asleep then went home.

The next day I went back to her place with more antiseptic spray, hand wash soap bottles, instant oatmeal, and chicken soup I had made for me and put in the freezer. I prepared the oatmeal, sprayed her phone and the TV remote with the antibacterial then waited to see if she was going to throw up breakfast. She didn't.

"The soup looks great. You made it?"

"Yes, I brought the plain version, sometimes I add roasted red bell pepper, banana peppers, olives, capers, noodles and broccoli."

"I need the plain version today. Thanks."

"Did you take your medicine?"

"Yes, before I sat to eat."

"OK, I will leave you for now. You have my number if you need anything. Unless you call me I will be back tonight."

"OK, thanks see you then."

That evening I took clean linens for her and sprayed antiseptic on her mattress before making up her bed. I put her linens and towels in a bag to take home and wash. She ate my soup and curled up with me on her loveseat and watched a little TV.

She was sound asleep before the news was over so I picked her up and carried her to bed. When I put my arm under her I realized she was not wearing panties. My cock began to be interested but my brain shouted it down. Anyway I had already seen her pussy and had seen it in use.

Before I left her that night I had apparently kissed her forehead. I wasn't sure I had but maybe I had.

The next day she looked like she was past the worst part of it. I put her in the shower and remade her bed with clean linens. I took clean towels to her and asked if she needed anything. She turned off the shower and stepped out and took the towel. She made no effort to cover up but that may not have been a statement so I made no comment.

I went to her kitchen and brewed some hot tea for us. When she joined me the towel was on her head and she was wearing a t-shirt.

"You are immune to it aren't you?"

"Yes, well most likely. The time that needs to pass before one gets immunity is still being argued. But it could be as little as six weeks. It has been twelve weeks for me."

"Good," she said and sat on my lap and gave me a long sweet kiss.

"Whoops, your cock wants in. Lets go see if my pussy is OK with that.

In just moments I was nude on her bed with my cock pointed skyward and she straddled me and sank it into her.

"Nope, not ready. Sorry." She said and draped herself over me. We kissed and I softy caressed her. She fell asleep.

I covered us up and hugged her to me and just waited for my cock to understand. I dozed off before it was fully aware of the circumstances. When I awoke it was mostly flaccid but still in her pussy. I slid Trish off me and got dressed. I did kiss her goodbye.

When I returned that evening her color was back and she seemed fine. That little "I know something you don't" smile was back.

I called her mother and told her that Trish was past it and could soon return to her regular programming. Trish took my phone and said, "See, I told you I was fine. No, not until next week, this week I am his. Yes I will tell him. Yes, tonight. I love you Mom but I am wondering why. OK, bye."

"Tell me what?"

"Two things. One, I am apparently a nymphomaniac. Two I am a psychologist studying the condition."

I said, "One, you would be the worst judge of whatever the results turn out to be and you know that is true. 

Two. I am a psychiatrist and I noticed that when all those men were using your body you adored it, loved the attention. But you never had an orgasm and when you saw you would not have one you stopped.

You are not driven by the act of fucking; you are driven by the search of an orgasm. Lets got to bed."

We were naked and she wanted to fuck right away. I stopped her and told her to tell me how she felt at every stage of the fuck.

I covered her body with mine and kissed her lips, her nose, her neck and back to her lips.

"Well?" I asked.

"I want you to hurry up and fuck me."

"But you know you will not have an orgasm so what would be the point of fucking you? Tell me how you feel about the kisses."

"I like them. They are soft."

"Then why not relax and enjoy that?"

I kissed her again and that time I kissed my way to the upper part of her tits. "Relax," I said. "Enjoy."

It took a while but I felt her anxiety level decrease. I kept my kisses there for another two minutes then began to include her nipples.

"Relax, enjoy," I said.

"The relax part is difficult."

"You are however doing fine."

I alternated from tits to lips until I felt her relax then added my hand over her pussy. She began to try to fuck it so I lifted it away. It was the third try before she could relax while my hand covered her pussy. I made love to her tits for a while then kissed my way to her pussy. I kissed her mound but kept my hand over her pussy as I kissed my way to her inner thighs. She was pressing her pussy on my hand but I was not pressing back and I did not allow her to increase the pressure. She soon settled into a soft even pressure and relaxed.

She moaned when I kissed her pussy. I again covered it with my hand and I was pleased to see she did not try to fuck my hand. I kissed her inner thighs and her pussy for a while then slid my arms under her thigh and just kissed her pussy. She moaned again.

I raised her clitoral hood and noticed her clit was just barely there. I slowly ran the flat of my tongue over it and she moaned and lost some control of her body. Fluids poured from her pussy and as soon as she could breathe she groaned loudly. She had just had an orgasm.

I resumed kissing her pussy softly until her breathing was closer to normal then began writing the alphabet on her clit with the tip of my tongue. She exploded into a second orgasm in less than three minutes.

I kissed my way back up her body and slid my cock into her as I kissed her. I did not take a stroke and asked her to tell me what she had felt.

"Terror and heaven the first time, less terror more heaven the second time. Those were my first two orgasms since I was a freshman in college. Those had been a gift from my roommate. She dropped out of school and my new roommate would not consider lesbian sex. 

I did find others to eat my pussy but none stayed with it long enough to bring me off. The first two guys to fuck me were not good at all. The father of a friend showed me I could have pleasure without orgasms. I have been stuck there for ten years until tonight.

She kissed me deeply, lovingly. I took a long slow stroke then I moved up so the top of my cock would rub her clitoral area as it went by. She moaned. After a pause I did it again and felt her adjust her pussy to help with the magical contact. I took another stroke until my cock head almost exited her pussy. She moaned again.

I began to fuck her with long slow strokes. She had another orgasm, her first ever from a cock she would later tell me. I did not pause and continued fucking her until I had to cum and stopped at the apex of her pussy and my semen inundated her clit.

She got the orgasm she had been aiming for her entire life. She crushed me in her arms as she cried and rained kisses on me. I rolled us over and we kissed until we were asleep. 

She woke me up the next morning with a blowjob. I caressed her and told her to get on. She straddled me and I asked her to look for the right angle between my cock and her pussy. She found it and lost it a couple of times before she could bring her self to orgasm.

She was very happy and kissed me deeply, then got off me and sucked me off. She had swallowed but the taste of cum was still in her mouth when she kissed me. I loved the kiss.

"I assumed you suck cock since you were in an adult theater so I figured you would be OK with the kiss."

"I have not sucked anyone off and tasted cum yet. I have had several cocks in my mouth but I finished them off with my hand. Last week I for the first time kissed a guy that had just swallowed my cum. I found the kiss and the taste interesting enough I would try it again. I have several gay patients and they have made me curious about their experiences. I call it research but admit I was curious anyway."

'What happens now?"

"You mean between us?"

"Yes, do you like me as a person?"

"We don't know much about each other yet. I know we can be fuck buddies. But what will you do about your side job?"

"I quit when you took me to the first cum so I wont miss it if we remain fuck buddies."

"Lets spend the weekend on a beach."

"Consider me already packed. When is your last appointment?"

"At eleven on Friday. When do you need to get back to your classroom?"

"Monday at ten. What is today anyway? Thursday?"

"Yes. I will pick you up at noon tomorrow. We will eat lunch after we get there. I need to dress and go home. You need a good night's sleep."

"Not a problem now. Thank you, I will see you tomorrow."

Our weekend was exceptional. We learned we liked each other and had fun. We learned that I could get her to orgasms easily. She learned I was most mostly a twice a day performer on good days although from Friday lunch to midnight Sunday I ejaculated eight times.

Our normal lives resumed on Monday except by Friday she was living with me. Psychiatrists make a lot more money than psychologists. We went to the beach town once a month.

She stopped coloring her hair and she now had highlights of gray throughout her head. I already had graying temples. We now looked like we belonged together. So we went to Vegas and got married.

We arrange our schedules so we would have three and a half day weekends and rented a patio home in the beach town. 

We made many friends and I was talked into setting up appointments for patients there. A short redhead that seemed to know the secrets of the universe told me the town would really need me in four months and to please move down there. She also said Trish needed to do some psychological profiles on about eighty people before then. She had secured an office for both of us downtown and that the sooner we came down the better it would be for all.

Then she asked Trish to relate her experiences as a hooker to her.

After they returned from the bedroom thirty minutes later Trish told me we had accepted her offer and told the University she would not be returning for the fall semester. I parceled out my patients among colleagues and we were soon in business in the seaside town.

My first ten clients all had the feeling they were being watched. The town was apparently full of paranoids but especially for one client, the rest seemed to be just curious about the phenomena. I found a note to refer that one person to Trish for testing. That person soon moved to Colorado. 

I found I had and appointment with someone named Sehel, no last name.

She asked me more questions than I asked the woman. On her second visit she turned into a devil right before my eyes.

"There are several of us here. You are aware that a cataclysmic event is coming."

"I have though of that as another Mayan calendar rumor. Are we going to be invaded?"

"No. Our Emperor loves the people in this town but particularly the redhead that set you up here. The town is being reconstructed and many of its people will be moved there and be safe from the extinction event. Your wife has been weeding out some borderline people. They are being sent to Colorado; which will be one of the few safe places on Earth. I brought a friend with me that you cannot see yet. You will need to put this in your ear to hear and understand her.

"Hi, I am glad you can help us."

I looked around the office but saw no one.

Suddenly a small alien was in front of me wearing a tunic.

It said, "We are the ones that give people the paranoid feeling. There are three more alien beings in this town including my Mom and Dad, Mom and the Sprite are in your wife's office now."

I had by then decided the alien was a female but although she introduced herself I did not catch the name.

"There are about thirty people in town that know about us and we allow them to see us as we are," the Devil continued. "We need to be seen by over three hundred people before we are moved three months from now. You and your wife are in effect choosing the next to be included in the secret. If anyone cannot handle alien beings they can't come with us. 

We are on a tight deadline so you do not have your usual time to treat anyone. If you have reservations about someone put them on the Colorado list. Do you have any questions?"

"None that can't wait until we move. You send the ones you want to Trish, she will test them and I will interview them and I will give you the list after each day. Oh have the first nine seen you yet?" 

"Yes, at a party at the redheads home last night. One guy put the make on me," the devils said with a happy smile.

"Two women put the make on me," the small alien said.

"Congratulations," I guess," I said.

Both giggled

"Send your reports to this e-mail address, we will make friends with the others as soon as possible. Oh, here is some soup you need to drink."

It smelled and tasted delicious and I drank all of it immediately.

"Wow, I want some more of that," I said.

"You will have more seven days from now and twenty-one days from now. Nice meeting you, bye" they said.

I was very surprised when they each kissed my lips before they left. Trish rushed into my office and said let's fuck. I noticed I already had an erection and we were soon fucking as she sat on my desk. It was a very fine fuck and we were just kissing as we sloshed our genital juices around when my intercom buzzed and our receptionist said, "Your first appointments are here for each of you.
