 Jessica and Maria both stood on the back porch as their partners sat beneath the large willow tree at the bottom on their garden. Both men had their children in the strong confines of their arms talking amiably about plans for world domination. 

"Gabriel told me Julian and Diane are still alive, how did Christian take it?"

"As could be expected he was angry and hurt, but things have been smoothed over somewhat they came over the other day, they are totally in love with Raphael." 

Both women giggled at that. Raphael 'Rafe' Valentine was the most handsome six month old baby in the world. With his fathers' blonde hair and Jessica's moss green eyes, he had the face of an angel and the temperament of a demon. 

He already had the affections of Sarah who had just celebrated her first birthday. The toddler was totally smitten. The two women had just agreed to join their husbands when the phone rang.

"Hello?" there was a few minutes of silence before the caller spoke.

"Jessica it's me your grandfather." Jessica almost dropped the phone in shock, it was obvious from Maria's expression that she was not being herself.

"Hello grandpa." Maria made a large 'O' with her lips and motioned to leave. Shaking her head Jessica continued listening to her grandfather's niceties.

"Grandpa what is it, we haven't spoken in over a year."

"I know, I know, I have been a fool. But something has come up, something big that I can't tell you over the phone." Rolling her eyes she was ready to set her grandfather to task.

"I have a family now, a man who loves me and a child to love. There's nothing you can possible tell me that I want to know."

"What if I have finally discovered who killed your parents?

...

Jessica called herself every type of stupid as she and Maria pulled into the café car park. Her friend had been adamant that there was no way Christian would allow Jessica out on her own. Jessica agreed.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Maria asked as they made their way to the shop's entrance.

"I've waited twelve long years, trained for the past ten so that I would be prepared to take down who ever killed my parents."

Vincent was sitting in a small booth tucked away in the corner, to Jessica he looked old and weathered but with an excited glint in his eyes which banished any doubts of his claim. 

Kissing him tersely on the cheek she sat down. If Vincent had any qualms about Maria being there, he didn't give any indication. He was too busy assessing Jessica. She had the glow of a new mother, a happy and well loved woman this all reflected on her contentment. Vincent ignored the doubt in his mid prepared tot ell her everything.



Her grandfather had been hell bent on finding her parents murderer, he understood disappointment as well as she didn't, he wouldn't have called her unless he was one hundred percent sure.

"I don't want you to think I'm lying or trying to ruin your happiness, but I had to tell you...it was Christian." 

There was a long pause in which everything seemed to still, there was no noise except for the beating of her heart. The possibility had always been there. Her parents had been firm believers of The Hunt, yet not once had she thought that Christian could have killed her parents. 

She was aware of Maria questioning her grandfather on the reliability of his source, of course he was adamant that his informer was reliable. Christian had taken the only parents she knew, she had only six years with them before they were brutally torn from her.

"Why? Why did he do it?" she finally said, aware of the hitch in her voice, her mind replaying every happy moment shah d shared with her mother and father.

"My source told me that they had befriended him, without the knowledge of what he was, when they found out, they did the only thing they could do."

"Ambush him?!" Maria said angrily.

"It is our duty, or it was back then." 

"To turn on a friend once their heritage was revealed."

"It is our way." Jessica said weakly, Vincent leant forward to stroke her hand but she pulled away before he could touch her.

"Why would you tell me this, why not allow me to be happy?" but Jessica knew the answer even before the grandfather spoke, it was the lycan way. They lived by honour and vengeance. 

"Tonight my soldiers and I attack, be out by midnight. We will know if you have warned the Halfling."

...

"You have to tell Christian, Jess. I know how you feel..."

"How can you possibly understand!" Jessica exploded as they drive back to her home. 

She hadn't wanted to spend another minute with her grandfather he was a man she didn't know anymore. 

What of the man you love?

She needed time to gather her thoughts, assess herself and her relationship with Christian.

"He killed my brother. Christian killed my brother, like you I had been on a search for his killer. Ironically if it wasn't for my brothers death I never would have met Gabriel, never would have had Sarah." Maria shrugged the rest of her words away as she allowed Jessica to digest this new piece of information.

"How could you look him in the eye, knowing he killed a part of you?"

"Because anyone who knows Chris knows how much he hates death, think about what he saw happen to his parents, he doesn't like to cause pain, not unless it is being caused to him or those he loves.

 "I know it will take time Jess but believe me if you run away, you will kill him. He loves you so much Jess, Zeus help us if you leave him."

...

When they arrived home Jessica had only one though on her mid, getting the hell out of there. Tonight there would be a battle and she had a feeling it was the final one. As it was mid August most of the curtains were left wide open. 

The house was silent and for a moment she wondered if her grandfather had lied and used the meeting as a way to get her out of the house, in time to kill Christian and their baby. Morphing into a werewolf she ran up the stairs three steps at a time, Maria at her heels. Her long clawed paws sliding on the wooden floor. At seven feet tall, she knew she would be a formidable sight for any impostor. 

A small sound came from the nursery, in a flash of magical energy she turned into a wolf, her hackles raised and teeth bared. Nudging the door open she was completely floored by the site before her. Gabriel lay slumped in the rocking chair, biker boots over one arm rest, Peter rabbit opened on his lap with his eyes firmly shut as he slept. 

Christian slept on the floor, Sarah and Raphael sleeping on top of his broad chest. Large battle scared hands held each child with the up most care and protection. 



Her paws gently padded on the floor as she stretched by his side, gently as not to disturb him she touched her tongue against his cheek, before turning into a woman her hands resting on what little chest he had to spare.

...

Christian whistled along to the radio as he prepared dinner. Raphael had been taken for the night by both his parents, so it was just the two of them tonight. Jessica was still asleep, having moved her to the master bedroom. It had been a long time since they had been alone and he as going to enjoy tonight. 



Jessica woke up in a cold sweat. It took a while for the dredges of sleep to clear her mind, but when it did she was welcomed with the fact that she had little over three hours to save herself and her mate. 

Rushing down the stars she was hit with the aroma of beef steak, vintage rosé, strawberries and cream. Christian was lighting candles and soft jazz music filled the room.

"Where is Raphael?" Christian looked up to see Jessica bewildered and sexy as hell, growling deep in his throat he stalked her. 

Jessica could not mistake that look, she knew it too well. It meant he wanted her and there was little she could or would do to stop him.

"Jessica." She felt his warm breath on the nape of her neck. Groaning she lent into him, feeling his erect groin against the cheeks of her bottom.

"Please Christian." God he turned her on so much. 

With just a touch and she forgave him. Jessica felt her shirt loosen as he undid the buttons. Wriggling slightly she felt the material whisper down her arms and fall to the floor. Christian turned her around so that she now faced him. Wrapping her arms around his neck she kissed him on each eyelid.

"Jessica Valentine. I love you." Christian murmured kissing her passionately. 

Anchoring her legs around him he placed her onto the cold marble counter. Releasing her hold on him she unbuckled his jeans, licking her lips as she took in his full size. She never got over its largeness. Stroking her thighs tenderly she could see how erect he was.

"Christian?" He just stared at her smiling. 



Then she felt him pushing into her, she swallowed hard as he thrust into her. Gasping slightly Jessica let out a low moan as he pulled himself out of her opening. She could see her glistening juices all over it, sliding her fingers over his cock she fed it into his mouth. Relishing the taste he moaned thrusting deeply into her.

"You're so tight." He exhaled, clutching onto his shoulders she felt the intensity and ferociousness of his second thrust, crying out she clamped her thighs around his waist.

"Oh Christian." Jessica groaned kissing him intently, trailing her hands down his muscular chest, she could feel his hands clench her hips, rocking her against his thrusts. 

Jessica couldn't breath, she could feel the pressure growing, building. This is where she wanted to stay, forever in his arms oblivious to the world and all the hardships around her. 



Feeling a wet warmness on her breast she cried out as Christian suckled her breast, making circular motions with his tongue. Warm liquid gushed from her nipples but Jessica felt no shame, she knew how much Christian enjoyed tasting her milk. The added suction on her breast brought her to her fulfilment as the first shudders of an orgasm rippled trough her body.

"I love you." She sighed as she felt him empty himself into her.

...

"Did I hurt you?" Christian asked wiping the tears from her face, Jessica sniffled reassuring him that she was fine. Her mid was set, she could not betray her grandfather nor could she allow the man she loved to die. Stroking his face with butterfly light touches she memorised every feature of his face lest this be the last time she saw him. 

Raising her arm with all her werewolf strength she struck him. Christian froze shock marred his face, then anger, then betrayal.

"Why?" He whispered before collapsing to the ground. 

Jessica stayed rooted to the table, her legs were still spread open and continued to throb with the reminiscence of the orgasm Christian had brought her to. The ultimate betrayal, she acknowledged and accepted it, it had to be done. 

Lifting his motionless body into her arms she made her way to the attic, if by chance her grandfather had lied, this would bide Christian time. Laying him gently on the floor she brushed back way ward locks which had settled over his face. 

"Forgive me, but it is for the best." Brushing her lips tentatively over his she covered his body with a woollen throw. 

Taking one last look at her home, the red wolf ran across the fields towards her kin. 

................................................

Well there you go another chapter completed. I only have one chapter left to write, a happy ending or a sad one? Or a cliffhanger? who knows, I know I don't. I am really grateful for your patience but you may need to wait a little longer...exam season is upon me *sigh* any ideas would be welcome though, not entirely sure whether a happy ending is too much of a cliche.