 Here is my second submission. I often fantasize about living in the world of the Realms. Where along with dragonlore and wars; there the wicked play. 

It was a cold, crisp night in the Realms. Lady Isis reveled in the cleanliness of the air and gazed up into the twinkling starlit night. She pulled her sturdy black cloak closer to her and set forth towards the Orchard Inn. A hearty meal and some Elvin wine would be most welcome. After guiding a merchant caravan through the enchanted Silver Forrest, one could use some entertainment. Orchard Inn was the central hub of activity in Candle City.

Upon entry she spotted her fellow adventurers sitting at the back table. She was hoping that the sinfully handsome man named Dante would be present. He had been flirting shamelessly with her ever since he had joined the group. Teasing her with his charm and soft caresses. He had long brown hair, pale skin, and black eyes. Although she liked her men heartier, he had a grace about his movement that held her in thrall every time he was near. She had never been swept away by desire for a man this way before. To her embarrassment she hadn't enough control to keep the longing out of her silver eyes. It seems Lady Luck would be with her on this night. For there he was sitting with everyone else. 

She was careful to avoid his gaze, but sent a smile his way when he greeted her. She also sat across the way from him between the dwarf and halfling bardess. Feeling like the distance would keep her safe from making a fool of herself. Magdalena , the bardess, regaled everyone with tales of the champions and how they defeated a coven of witches to rescue the twin children they had stolen. They ate fresh breads, fruits, and ham with their Elvin wine. As the night wore on music was played and exotic dancers enticed the men with the sway of their hips and glimpses of flesh. 

When the women came to their table, the men became rowdy and much laughter was to be had. Lady Isis watched as a barmaid sat upon Dante's lap; whispering in his ear and kissing on his neck. Envy burned in her eyes turning them to a dark pewter and she pushed her curly auburn hair from her. He must have felt her eyes upon them because he looked straight at her and smiled. Suddenly the room became too loud and smoke filled. Her eyes filled with tears as she stood and had to get out of there immediately. 


She went outside and the coldness felt welcome. She was on fire for him and he was with a common whore. Even as she knew this she couldn't control the wave of longing that she felt to the core of her. She placed the back of her palm to her mouth as a moan escaped from her throat. She ran past several houses along the street and then ducked in an alley way to compose herself. As she leaned up against the cold stone wall she felt like she would burst from frustration. In the moonlight you could see her large globes heaving against the red velvet corset. Her mound was pulsing with desire. As she leaned her head back and closed her beautiful eyes, a single hot tear escaped and trickled down her face. 

Her mind was filled with thoughts of him touching her buttocks and kissing her all over her body. Of feeling his hairy chest against her taut nipples and his fingers delving into her hot cunt. She was so wet and she almost climaxed at the thought of this. She was lost to these thoughts when suddenly a body was pressed up against her. A hand covered her mouth and muffled her startled scream. When she opened up her eyes, Dante was there. 

"Do not be afraid, my firebrand", he said huskily and removed his hand from her lips. 

Isis felt every inch of his body as he pressed her hard against the wall. The contrast of the cold stone and his warm body was almost her undoing. Her heart raced madly. 

"What are you doing here? I thought you would be busy with your whore!! She spat angrily. 

"Why would I have bothered with a whore when I have been slowly seducing you for weeks now? He asked. "I prefer a woman who wants me against her will than a woman who flaunts herself so readily."

Isis could not take the feeling of his mouth being so near that she could feel his breath against her lips without wanting to taste him. So she swept up her hands and pulled his dark head to her. As their tongues met he moaned into her mouth. She suddenly no longer felt helpless with her need. She felt powerful in that moment. Floating in the knowledge that he was just as aroused by her. As they kissed he pulled her heavy velvet gown up around her thighs, jerked off her undergarmets, and ground his hard cock against her. She felt a surge of electricity come from his body. She reveled in the pain of how hard he was grinding against her pussy. As she was being lifted she gyrated against his member and moaned. He kissed the top of her breasts. She felt him leave her and fumble with the front of his pants. The sense of loss was so great that she whimpered like a lost child. 

It did not matter that they were in an alley where anyone could find them. She had to have him. She released her large breasts from her bodice as she watched him stroke his cock. 

"I will give you what we both have wanted from the moment our eyes first met", he promised. 

With that he pushed her back against the wall, lifted her, and entered her. Her pussy convulsed as she felt his long hard cock thrust into her and fill her so completely. She screamed out in ecstasy. All they both could do is feel. The contrasts were magical. Fire and ice. Hardness and softness. The whip cord strength of his muscles against her soft womanly form.

She looked into his eyes and moaned as he pumped in and out of her tightness. Loving the feel of how his fingers gripped her thighs as his member seemed to vibrate within her. 

"Harder Dante", she begged. She was on fire. Her juices were pouring like a tidal wave around him. She clenched him with her innermost muscles as he drove into her again and again. When he finally touched her nipples it was with his moist tongue. He then bit hard enough to bring tears to her eyes. The contrast of pain and pleasure was too great for her to bear. She climaxed instantly. He groaned and thrust one last time as he spilt his seed inside of her. She felt the hot spurts of his cum and she came again. It was like a tremor after an earthquake. 

As they both tried to catch their breath he twirled her around and sat down on a crate. He was still inside of her. They were both shaking. She felt tingling all over her body. She was so sated and shameful when she realized where they were at. As if he could sense these thoughts, Dante chuckled. 

"Milady, this was just a taste of how it will be with us," his sexy voice promised. 

She saw a burst of blue light before her eyes. Suddenly she felt like she was having an out of body experience. She looked down upon the two of them and then returned to her body. When she looked at him again, he was quite plain and ordinary. Nothing like the god she had been lusting for the past weeks. She became angered and then he flexed his cock that was still inside of her. She moaned involuntarily.

"You are a wicked, wicked sorcerer Dante. I promise dire retribution will come your way." she stated. With that she threw back her flaming head and began to ride him. As he looked up at her hard nipples and felt her wet hot pussy squeezing him. He laughed and moaned. Thankful for the tuteledge of his deity. The sly mischievous Loki.