 Angel remembered waking briefly - snatches of sight and sound, fragmented memories of being moved, moments of pain from the piercings in her nipples and clit. But the darkness soon overwhelmed and reclaimed her consciousness.

When she finally awoke, it was to clarity. She lay on a hard, warm mattress - naked with no bedclothes covering her. The air about her felt still and smelled stale. She moved and when she could hear echoes of that movement, the realisation that she occupied some small cell began to sink in.

Surprisingly her body was comfortable; she felt terrific - no hunger, no thirst, no pain. No pain? Her hands began exploring her breasts, seeking out the piercings. A large ring still lay embedded in the flesh of each nipple, the touch of her fingers causing them to harden and her breath to catch.

Her hand crept down to her clit, hoping to find that it, too, still lay clasped in the grip of a cold metal ring. A slight movement of her hips confirmed it was and when her fingers reached the piercing, their gentle probing touch made her heart race and her pelvis buck as a sudden intense orgasm racked her body. Joyous - and exhausted - at her discoveries, she drifted off again to happy sleep.

A tongue slipped between her pussy lips, gently probing her, lapping at her flesh, the rasp of hair between her thighs, the feel of her legs wrapped around smooth skin. An orgasm ripped through her, slamming her backwards against the mattress, as her hands desperately pulled at the long hair to hold that lapping tongue tight to her cunt. The tongue was ceaseless, exploring her, teasing at the ring under her clit, soaking up the juices squirting from her cunt as she came hard, yet again. She couldn't stop cumming, her cunt pulsing with each unyielding probe of the warm, wet tongue. Fingers entered, exploring, probing, pushing deep to fuck her cunt, and the tongue still continued to move against her. Her body was a screaming, intense searing force of pleasure, her breasts heaved as she strained to breathe against the intensity of each orgasm.

Gradually the world swam back into focus, with the sweet face of a smiling redhead beaming down at her, kissing her gently, licking at her mouth. The room was redolent of her sex.

"Welcome to heaven, sweetie. You are going to love it here." The voice of her seductress was low and husky, and her hands began to feel the curvy hips and butt, barely concealed beneath a silk shift. Two overflowing tits were firm against her own small tits, the pressure causing her nipples to harden at the press of the rings.

A gentle light was filtering in through the door, and Angel looked about, seeing the confines of her small cell. "Where am I?"

"You're in a private little room off the infirmary. We put you here to rest and sleep in peace. I got tired of waiting for you to wake up, so I thought I'd come and give you a wake-up call."

"Thank you," breathed Angel. "It was divine. Can you wake me like that every morning?"

The warm weight in her arms laughed, and her smile broke into a broad grin. "I will be happy to wake you like that every morning you want me to. Oh sweetie, I am going to love having you around!"

Angel found herself clasped into the bosom of her new friend. "Please," she managed to gasp around the warm tit-flesh her face was buried in. "Who are you?"

"I'm Brandi. And I'm your guide and your best friend over the next few weeks. Maybe longer! Oh, we are going to have so much fun. Come on, you must be starving - let me take you to the kitchen."

Brandi slid off Angel to stand next to the small bed, and leaned down to pull the quivering blonde to her feet. Angel swayed, gradually gaining her balance - and the room seemed to sway and spin slowly.

"I don't feel right. I feel all light," she said softly to Brandi.

"Oh, you won't feel right yet, sweetie. You weigh less on this world and also..." Brandi's hands gently ran over the naked skin of Angel's breasts, and her gorgeous grin returned. "You are a little more top heavy. They do like their sluts buxom here."

"Um," Angel stopped to feel her own breasts. "What do you mean, 'more top heavy'?"

"Can't you tell already, sweetie? They're bigger, and they're going to keep growing over the next few days until they are probably the same size and shape as my gorgeous tits. Here, feel mine. Don't you want gorgeous tits like this?"

Brandi had pulled her low cut shift to the side, exposing one of her breasts. It wasn't huge but it was round, full and easily overflowed Angel's hand. Gorgeous tits no doubt, but secretly Angel thought her own were perfect just as they were. Then Angel found her fingers drawn to the gold ring embedded in the nipple.

"Oh, you too?"

"Yes, me too. Look, see?" Brandi lifted her silk shift and spread her legs, displaying the ring impaling her erect and visible clit, nestled between the smooth lips of her bare cunt.

"Oh." Angel collapsed into Brandi's arms, crying on her shoulder. "I don't understand!"

"Sweetie, you are on another world now." Brandi stroked Angel's hair, and kissed her ear and neck gently. "They do magic here. It's far better than any surgery. You'll be healthier, lighter, look better, stay younger, and best of all you will have the most amazing sex in your life! I think that it's heaven."

Angel continued to cry gently, and Brandi held her tight. "You can't go back now," she told her. "Your life is here now. But I wouldn't go back. And after a week or two, you will feel the same. I'm sure of it, sweetie. Don't cry now. Hush."

Slowly Angel's tears ceased as she clung tightly to her new friend. Then her attention was drawn back to Brandi's very full breasts. "You don't need a bra, do you?"

"Isn't it fantastic?" Brandi giggled, and her tits bounced gently. "You're right, no bra. My tits will stay full and bouncy like this. I love them!"

Angel's fingers reached out to touch the gold ring of a nipple piercing, and then to trace the erect nipple. She heard the catch in Brandi's breathing, as her fingertips explored the nipple, tugging on the piercing, squeezing the flesh around the nipple. Soon she could resist no longer and bent her head to take the fiercely-erect nipple between her teeth. With a small, brief scream, Brandi pulled Angel hard against her and pushed her crotch against Angel's leg, cumming from the pleasure of her bitten nipple.

When Brandi's breath had returned, she laughed softly. "Oh, I didn't mention that you will cum much easier than you ever have. Someone playing with your tits, your clit, your cunt, your arse, even kissing you will make you cum. Sweetie, you will love it."

Angel smiled up at Brandi through the remnants of her tears. "I love it already."

Brandi led Angel outside the small cell, into a large open room into which morning sunlight was streaming. "It's still early, so we will have most of the infirmary to ourselves. But later this room will be busy. So come on, let's get to the kitchens while we can! I have to bring you back before your fitting."

As she spoke, she had been tugging Angel by the hand toward a closed door set into the panels of the far wall. Angel pulled back. "Brandi, don't I need some clothes?"

Brandi giggled again, and then looked a little shamefaced. "Oops! I suppose some clothing would be a good idea. Actually, you could go naked but with your looks, you wouldn't make it half-way to the kitchens unmolested. Today is your first day and it is supposed to be a gentle introduction, not a gang rape."

She went over to the mirrored-wall in the room. It slid aside to show it was in fact a large walk-in closet. She removed a hanger on which hung what looked to be an emerald-green satin negligee. "Will this do, or would you like to come over and pick something?"

Angel wandered over to examine the contents of the closet. Inside hung clothing of all sizes, much of it suited for colder weather than what she currently felt. Most of it was male clothing, simple shirts and trousers. But a section was devoted to displaying the female form, showing it off to maximum advantage. It was from here that Brandi had drawn the negligee.

Angel ran her hand through the clothing, seeing silks and satins but nothing resembling a simple cotton tee-shirt. Her head was still adjusting, and she couldn't decide on anything, so she agreed to Brandi's initial choice of the green satin, shuddering slightly as the smooth cool fabric slid down her warm skin.

"Okay," Brandi said, after looking her over approvingly. "Now we are ready for breakfast."

Angel had soon lost track of the way to the kitchen and could see the practical sense of having someone to show her the ropes. She certainly hoped there were ropes and giggled to herself at the thought.

"What are you laughing at, sweetie?" Brandi looked over to her, leading her by the hand down yet another set of wooden stairs.

"I was thinking about you showing me the ropes, and hoping you would get to show me some REAL ropes soon."

"Soon enough, sweetie. Just wait until you have your first 'fitting' later today!'

"What am I being fitted for?"

"Everything," Brandi stopped moving to hug her quickly. "From clothes to shoes to collars and cuffs to... well, you will see. You are going to love being fitted for your mount."

Brandi resumed dragging her toward the distant kitchens. Angel asked her about the 'mount' and what would happen when she was fitted, and would it hurt, and generally pestered Brandi with questions. But try as she might, Angel couldn't get anything further information from her. Finally they exited the maze of corridors and stairs and found themselves in a large room heralded by the distinctive smell of hot food and coffee, with tables of various sizes, laid out café-style.

"They don't really seem to do the dining room thing here; everyone eats in the kitchens. Just one of those differences that leap out and grab you, I guess," Brandi explained as they helped themselves to fruit and warm crusty bread from the buffet.

"Where IS here?"

"It's a whole different world, sweetie. I don't know where, although the word they use to refer to it means the same as Earth. So that's no help. I think it's a whole different universe - some things just work differently. They have magic."

"They have magic? Really? I know you said that before."

Brandi leaned forward to grasp Angel's nipples beneath her satin outfit, nudging Angel's breasts. "You don't think these were healed by surgery, do you? Or you've had some sort of mysterious breast implants?"

"Oh, yeah. Um, so what does this magic do? How does it work?"

"I don't know exactly what it does or how it works. I do know one thing though: it uses sex. A lot of sex. And that's why you and I are here." Brandi laughed at Angel's expression. "Oh, and a few other cute girls, don't worry. You're not the only sexual dynamo in the place."

"So we get to have a lot of sex, all the time? With whom?"

"Everyone, honey. Anyone in this building has privileges to have sex with you. And you will love every minute of it, I'm sure. You see, you and I and the other house slaves are rather special. We are addicted to sex, we love being slaves, and we will have sex with anyone who wants it from us. Now isn't that a huge turn on?"

Angel was staring at her across the small table, completely stunned. "You have no idea," she finally replied. "You mean I get to have sex with anyone? Anyone at all?"

"Pretty much, sweetie."

"Oh god, I am so wet!"

"Ooooh, you are? Let me see." Before Angel could blink, Brandi was beneath the table, pushing aside the satin material to expose Angel's pussy. "You finish your breakfast, sweetie," Brandi said, looking up from between her legs. "I've found something else to eat."

For the next ten minutes, Angel did her best to concentrate on eating the fruit on her platter and very carefully taking small sips of her steaming hot coffee, as all the while her body convulsed in orgasm after orgasm, her pussy flooding Brandi's face and tongue with her juices.

Several other people entered the room to take up food and eat, and Angel flushed in shame at being on display so sexually. Yet no one seemed to care. A few admiring glances swept their way but, apparently, sex at the breakfast table was a common-place feature.

Angel's clit was becoming super-sensitive, and she could no longer eat, or hold her cup. Her orgasms were coming now with every heartbeat and her hips were convulsing against the chair and Brandi's busy tongue. When Brandi slid two of her fingers up into Angel's cunt, she began to hyperventilate, desperately trying to breathe around the intensity of each orgasm. She could no longer speak or think, her entirety of being focussed on the pleasure sweeping through her body. Orgasm after orgasm after orgasm.

The morning passed in a haze, as Angel was shown around the place. It seemed much like a modernised castle or campus. Everything was interconnected and maze-like and Angel was doubtful she would ever be able to find any of the rooms or facilities again, or remember the vast number of people to whom she had been briefly introduced. Brandi managed to spend most of that time with her fingers in Angel's hair, or holding her hand, or even with her fingers in Angel's cunt, and that distraction didn't help Angel's concentration one little bit.

"Time for your first fitting," Brandi stated, after examining the hall-way clock showing it was near mid-day. She led her to another set of stairs and they climbed to reach a clean, well-lit medical centre near where Angel had first awoken. They seated themselves on a padded bench along a wall to await the arrival of what Angel assumed would be a doctor or nurse.

Brandi's hand slid between Angel's legs - it seemed to be drawn there naturally. In response, Angel slid her own hand up between Brandi's thighs and let her fingers explore the depths of the other woman's dripping wet cunt. Soon, both Brandi and Angel were gasping; rocking forward as they impaled each other's cunts with their flashing fingers, crying out their orgasms.

When both girls regained their breath and their fingers had slowed to idly stroking over the smooth wet flesh of each other's cunt lips, Angel finally found her voice again.

"Brandi, please tell me - what is it I am to be fitted with?"

Brandi snuggled her head into Angel's neck, then licked her ear, making her giggle. "I guess I can tell you now. They are going to measure the inside of your cunt and your arse, sweetie. That way they make a dildo pair to fill them both completely, that you can be suspended on."

Angel squirmed at the thought. "Suspended?"

"They will have you against a wall, impaled and filled to overflowing with cold stone cocks. Sweetie, you are not going to believe how hard and how much you will cum. And if you are really lucky, you will get to feel the stone come alive and fuck you. I've only had it happen once, and I keep hoping for another time."

"Stone? And it comes alive?"

"Hard, cold stone. It's black and smooth like glass. They make it to fit you exactly and then they mount it so that you are pressed against the wall, with most of your weight resting on the stone inside you. And you will hang there and cum and cum. It's an amazing experience."

"How does it come alive?"

Brandi pushed three of her fingers back into Angel's cunt and reached across with her other hand to push two of her fingers into squirming blonde's arse and began to finger-fucking her. "Like this, sweetie. Like two rock hard, cold penises moving inside you, double-fucking you."

Angel's cunt and arse clenched at the fingers inside her. Once again her breath was caught as she resumed cumming. She was bewildered at the thought of being measured and of the stone fitting, and swept away by the constant ongoing orgasms that she had been subjected to over the day. In no time, she was crying out incoherently once again, sobbing with orgasm after orgasm. Never in her life had she had a day of so much sex and she had yet to be fucked even once!

Angel licked her fingers clean of Brandi's cunt juices. Tired by constant walking and orgasms, and further exhausted by all of the new places and people she had seen, she snuggled into her friend and was soon asleep, dreaming of what was yet to come.