 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and I woke up in a world where every woman looks like they've stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine. Am I in a coma? Am I mad? Or have I died and gone to heaven? The trouble is, I've been told I'm either going to die or live happily ever after if I have sex with my mother - - and in this world, there's not much else I'd rather do.

† † † † †

So this was it - - today was the day it all ended, one way or the other.

Dramatic opening, eh?

I mentioned before time was kinda weird in this place - - it might have been the day after my trip to the restaurant and my meeting with the man in black, or maybe the day after that. Whichever it was, I knew today was the day I was booked to star in a porno movie with my mom and the gorgeous Shoot model, Sarenna Fey, both of whom had agreed to do anal with me.

My only problem was working out what happened when I finally got round to fucking my mother. The man in black had said as soon as I did that, this whole porno world basically disappeared because it was nothing more than a dying man's fantasy, with me as the dying man. If I fucked my mom, I died.

Straightforward choice, yeah? It would have been had I not already met a woman called Daphne who claimed this New World was an alternate one from my own, one where I was a porn star - - and so were my mother and sister - - and that if I fucked my mother or my sister, I would forget all about my Old World and just become part of this one.

Of course, I didn't know which of them was telling the truth. In a world where I was a porn star alongside my mother and incest was legal, I was due to finally get my cock inside her - - and I was either going to live happily ever after or die.

That, my friends, is the very definition of one fuck of a decision.

"Ohmygodohmygodohmygod!" my sister Chelsea squealed as she bounced into my room, clapping her hands in excitement. Bounced was right - - she, like my mom, sported a fantastic, huge pair of fake tits which I'd had my hands on and my dick between a couple of times now. It seems this world didn't count blow jobs and tit-fucks as sex for some reason, not that I was complaining.

"I can't believe it!" she continued, running over and hugging me, squashing those big tits of hers against me chest. "You're finally gonna do it - - you're finally gonna fuck mom!"

"I thought - - I thought you might be pissed," I said, genuinely concerned. Back in the Old World, my sister had been a mean spirited bitch - - this version I really liked, even putting the sex aside, and I didn't want to hurt her.

"God no!" Chelsea said, looking up at me. "After all, once you've fucked mom, you're going to do me, too, aren't you?" She paused for a second to two, looking a little worried. "You are, aren't you?"

"How could I not?" I asked with a smile, my big dick stiffening slightly at the thought. She smiled as she reached down and cupped my length.

"Good. I can't wait to get this inside me," she said, running her hand along the outside of my shorts, stroking my cock.

"Well you have to wait a little longer," our mother said from the doorway as she walked in. "Alex needs to keep his strength up for the shoot. He's got to have enough in him for me and Sarenna."

"You lucky bitch," Chelsea said with a laugh as she kissed our mother in front of me, a deep, tonguing, passionate kiss that did nothing to make my burgeoning hard-on disappear. She turned back to me. "But you owe me, big brother. You promised to fuck my ass before mom's and now that's not going to happen - - you're going to have hers first."

Mom kissed her again, running her hands over her huge tits. "I promise to let him have you tonight, after we get home, baby," she said. "I promise to let you have him all to yourself if you want. That okay?"

"Okay, mom," Chelsea said, kissing her back.

"Hey, don't I get a say in this?" I asked.

"No!" they both said together, laughing at me gently.

"Come on," mom said. "We need to get going."

† † † † †

Mom drove us to Shoot Magazine's studios, a large office building near the city centre which made no secret of its contents - - large posters with the covers of recent editions were proudly displayed in its windows showing gorgeous, barely clothed, hugely titted models posing and smiling at the people who passed by. It was a far cry from the Old World where porn was barely tolerated even when it kept to the shadows.

After parking up we headed into the reception where we were greeted by a young, busty girl who looked as though she belonged on the pages of the magazine she worked for, rather than behind a desk. Once she had our names, she rang up for someone to come and get us and, in a few minutes, we were picked up by another, equally busty young woman and escorted to Studio A.

The set was simple to say the least - - a mocked up bedroom with a couple of fake walls, a couple of cabinets, some fake plants and, dominating the whole thing, a huge bed. A lighting technician, sound operator and two camera operators wandered around, making last minute checks, all under the watchful eye of the director. And every one of them was a gorgeous young woman with huge, round tits bouncing gently beneath their T-shirts as they walked around.

"Ah, here's the other stars of today's show," the director said as she caught sight of us. She was a small, petite redhead - - well, petite apart from the pair of fake titties under her shirt - - who introduced herself as Rachel as she shook our hands. "I'm really looking forward to getting you guys on camera," she said. "I'm a big fan of both of you and getting you and Sarenna doing hardcore together - - well, this might be the highlight of my career."

"We're looking forward to it as well," my mom said. "Is Sarenna around?"

"Yeah, she's in make-up - - let me take you through and introduce you."

I followed Rachel and my mom off towards a door leading to another room, my heart in my mouth, my cock stiffening in my shorts. Back in the Old World, Sarenna Lee had been my all-time favourite big boob model despite, or perhaps because of her never doing boy-girl hardcore. Here, in this weird, fantasy fulfilling world, she was Sarenna Fey, a model for Shoot magazine who was willing to not only do hardcore with me but even anal.

The only condition was that I fuck my mom alongside her and that made me think of this fucked up decision I had to make. If the man in black was telling the truth, I might be about to commit suicide by incest.

The side room was quite spacious - - a make-up counter with a mirror on the wall, lights all around it, was on one side, a large sofa opposite it with a big window leading to a fire escape opposite the door we'd entered by. A girl had her back to us as she stood over the model in the seat in front of the mirror.

"Sarenna? Lisa and Alex Hazard are here," Rachel said, introducing us using our porn names.

The make-up girl - - yet another busty model - - moved aside, allowing her client to stand up and come towards us. Sarenna Fey was absolutely fucking gorgeous. Long blonde hair, subtle make-up, bright red lips, beautiful blue-grey eyes, perfect white teeth in a big smile. She was the epitome of slim and stacked, her fantastic figure topped off with a pair of enhanced tits, each as big as her head yet which managed to suit her frame perfectly. That she wore just stockings, suspenders, a G-string and a corset was just the icing on the cake.

"I'm so very pleased to meet you," she said in a perfect, upper class English accent that caught me by surprise as I'd assumed she'd be American. She and mom happily hugged and kissed each other, lightly at first, even politely, before both of them opened their lips, tongues darting out and sliding across each other. "I've seen all your films," Sarenna said to my mom. "I'm so happy you agreed to make one with me."

"There's no way I could have turned it down," my mom said. She let her go and turned to me. "Can I introduce you to my son, Alex?"

"Mmmmm, please do," Sarenna said in that English accent of hers as she turned to face me. She leaned in and kissed me, standing on her tip toes to do so as she was a bit shorter than me. Instinctively, I put my arms around her, pulling her closer, her huge tits squashing against me as I kissed her back, gently at first before we both got into it, our tongues dancing into each other's mouths. I felt her hand slide down to my crotch and grab my already half hard cock through my shorts.

She pulled back, her cheeks flushed a little as she looked me in the eyes.

"Could I - - could I see it, Alex?" she asked, biting her bottom lip a little. "Please, Alex?"

I swear, right then she could have asked me to do anything and I would have. Almost forgetting my mom, Rachel and the make-up girl were all still in the room, I unbuttoned my shorts, pulled the zipper down and let them fall to the floor.

"Oh - - oh my," Sarenna said. "I've seen it in your films, but - - it's so much bigger in real life," she said, unable to take her eyes off my half-hard cock that swung and bobbed in front of her. She reached out and took hold of it, wrapping her hand round its girth, feeling it pulse and harden. My favourite big bust model - - okay, the alternate world version of her - - had her hand on my cock, and I wondered if life could get better.

"Do you promise to be gentle with me, Alex, when you stuff this big thing up my arse?" she asked me, running her hand up and down my cock.

What do you know? Life could get better.

"Uh-huh," was all I could manage.

"You'll have to excuse him," my mom said to Sarenna. "He's a real big fan of yours."

"He certainly is," she said, looking down at my burgeoning dick.

"Okay, people," Rachel said, clapping her hands and bringing us all back to the room. "Let's save it for the cameras, huh?"

Sarenna winked at me. "I can't wait," she said.

"Alex, Lisa? Let's get you changed and made up. We'll be shooting Lisa and Sarenna's scene first, then the three of you."

After I pulled up my shorts, I hung around and watched the make-up girl finish with Sarenna while mom changed from her jeans and shirt into a similar outfit to Sarenna's - - stockings, corset, suspenders and a G-string - - before the make-up girl called her over and did her job. When they were both ready, they stepped back into the studio and headed towards the bed while I stood on the sidelines, out of the camera's line of sight.

Rachel had a quiet word with both of them before they sat on the edge of the bed as Rachel walked out of shot.

"Okay, quiet please," Rachel called. "Lights and sound are on?"

"Check!" called the women technicians.

"Okay, cameras rolling?"

"Rolling!" the camerawomen said as they moved into position.

"Okay then, Sarenna and Lisa? Action when you're ready."

"Hello, Shoot fans," Sarenna said straight at one of the cameras. "I have a wonderful treat for you, today. It's my very great pleasure to introduce a lady who's making her Shoot debut, though you probably know her from the many fantastic films she's made over the years such as Raiders of the Lost Ass, It's a Mom's World, Keeping it in The Family and last year's The Girl with The Pearl Necklace. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the perfect MILF who is definitely an M I'd love to F, international adult star, Lisa Hazard."

Sarenna clapped and turned to my mom who beamed happily at the camera, waving for the viewers.

"Thank you, Sarenna," she said. "May I say it's an honour to be inducted into Shoot magazine by you, its premiere model. I've been wanting to work with you for quite some time."

"Mmmm, likewise," Sarenna said, leaning over and kissing her lightly. "And there's someone else you've been wanting to work with for a while, isn't there?"

"That's right," my mom said to the camera. "Shoot magazine hasn't just brought me and Sarenna together, but today will mark the first on screen scene of me and my son, Alex Hazard. But that's not the only first, is it Sarenna?"

"No it isn't. I know a lot of you have been waiting for this, so I'm pleased to say it's finally going to happen. I will be doing my first boy-girl scene with Alex Hazard and, if that wasn't enough, it's going to be a threesome with Lisa as well."

My mom leaned in closer to the camera. "And there's one more surprise, one more first." Beside her, Sarenna stood, turned around and bent at the waist, pointing and wiggling her butt at the camera. My mom put her hands on her ass cheeks and parted them as she grinned at the camera. "My son's going to get his long - - thick - - cock deep inside Sarenna's ass."

Sarenna looked over her shoulder, her mouth wide in pretend shock at my mother's words.

"It's a Shoot magazine exclusive, so if you want to see me and Sarenna together as well as watching Sarenna do anal in her first boy-girl scene, join Shoot today."

"Okay, and cut," Rachel called. "That's great for the promo clip, girls," she said as Sarenna turned round again and sat on the bed next to my mom. "Now for the first course. Cameras still rolling?" The camerawomen said they were. "Then action when you're ready."

I watched my mom and Sarenna lean towards each other and lightly kiss before their lips parted and their tongues slid out, dancing and licking around against one another before they lip-locked, French kissing eagerly. Almost at the same time, still kissing, they both reached up with one hand and cupped the other's huge tits, squeezing them, tit-flesh bulging over the top of their corsets.

"Mmmm, such fantastic tits," my mother moaned into Sarenna's mouth.

"You too," Sarenna said, carefully unbuttoning my mom's corset, the sides spilling apart as her huge, fake mounds were released. Sarenna bent her head down and, holding one of my mom's tits up with her hand, licked, kissed and sucked at it as she moved lower, circling her stiff nipple with her tongue before sucking it hard.

"Aaahhhhh - - ahhhh yeah," mom sighed. Sarenna moved back up and allowed mom to do the same with her, opening her corset first, revealing her huge, round, perfect tits, before dipping her head and licking at them both, sucking on first one nipple then the other.

"Mmmm, that's nice," Sarenna said in her precise, English accent as my mom sucked on her tits. Mom's hand headed south, Sarenna opening her legs as my mom slid her hand inside her tiny G-string, her fingers moving around, obviously finding her wet pussy and slipping a couple inside. "Oooh - - ooooh, yes," she sighed, reaching over and returning the favour, her own hand easing inside my mom's G-string.

I watched from the sidelines as the two big titted women moaned and fingered each other on the bed, my dick hard in my shorts, knowing that soon I was expected to not only fuck both of them but do them up the ass as well. Of course, tucked away in the back of my head was the thought that I might die if I did it.

How could life suck so bad and so good at the same time?

Back on the bed, my mom and Sarenna separated and giggled as they stripped each other of their corsets and G-strings before climbing on to the large bed and falling into a sixty-nine, Sarenna on top. The two camerawomen moved around it, getting different angles of my mom eating Sarenna's pussy while she returned the favour and I knew the shots would be edited together so the fans could see what I was watching - - two gorgeous, fake titted women having sex with each other.

They stayed like that for a few minutes before Sarenna raised her head and moved off, staying on her hands and knees while my mom stood up. She headed to one of the bedside cabinets, opened a drawer and pulled out a large, pink, strap-on cock. They laughed together as my mom slipped it on and stood in front of Sarenna, jerking her fake cock off before the busty blonde model leaned forward and sucked on the end. I watched knowing that, if I stayed there much longer, it would be my very real and very large dick she'd be doing that to.

Eventually my mom moved back and climbed on to the bed, hunching over Sarenna's upturned ass, aiming the big dick at her pussy. One of the camerawomen moved in to get a close up of mom feeding her false prick into Sarenna's twat as mom started to fuck her with long, slow strokes.

"Oh God - - oh bloody hell - - bloody hell that's good," Sarenna moaned. She knelt on her hands and knees, huge tits swaying gently beneath her in time to my mom's thrusts, pushing back to get more and more of the plastic cock into her. "Oh God - - do it - - ahhhhhh - - do it, Lisa - - fuck me - - fuck my slutty pussy!" she cried as my mom picked up the pace, grabbing her hips and starting to fuck her harder.

My dick was practically bursting out of my shorts by now as I watched Sarenna get fucked by my mom. She started slapping her ass cheeks as she thrust inside her, turning the blonde's pale ass cheeks red, not that Sarenna minded.

"Oh yes - - spank me - - smack my arse!"

"You like that, you dirty bitch?" my mom cried, spanking her as she fucked her with her strap-on. "You like my cock you gorgeous - - big titted - - slut?"

"Yes! Fuck yes!" Sarenna cried, reaching under herself and rubbing at her clit while my mom fucked her. "Oh Jesus - - cumming - - I'm cumming!"

"Come on - - cum for me - - cum for me, Sarenna," my mom yelled as she continued stuffing her full of the fake cock. "Cum, baby - - cum for me!"

Sarenna groaned and pushed back hard, taking the whole of my mom's dildo into her cunt, shuddering and gasping as she came over and over, mom fucking and spanking her the whole time.

Eventually, my mom slowed her movements, letting Sarenna fall on to the bed, her enormous tits squashing out beneath her as my mom laid on top of her. Sarenna turned her head and they kissed lovingly before they both turned to the nearest camerawoman and blew kisses at the lens.

"And - - cut!" Rachel the director called. "Thank you, girls, that was fantastic. Why don't you get showered and changed and then we'll film your threesome with Alex?"

My mom moved off Sarenna, gently withdrawing her fake dick, and the two of them stood. They'd become a little sweaty beneath the hot lights so needed a shower - - they blew kisses at me as they headed to a separate shower room while the set was readied for their return and my arrival.

My arrival - - where I'd get to fuck them both - - and possibly die in the process.

I darted back into the make-up room on my own and, after a second's hesitation, grabbed the chair from the desk and jammed it under the door handle. What the fuck was I going to do? It was decision time - - time to shit or get off the pot - - and I had no idea what to do. If Daphne was right and I fucked my mom, I'd become Alex Hazard, pornstar and live happily ever after. But if the man in black was right, I was going to die.

A fifty-fifty chance, then - - either I get to fuck big titted pornstars for the rest of my days or I don't have any more days. I get my end away forever, or it's the end forever.

"Fucking hell," I groaned. "This is so un-fucking-fair."

I headed over to the window and opened it, getting some fresh air, looking out at the fire escape.

Escape. There was a third option. They'd both said if I killed myself here, in the New World, I'd wake up in the Old. Sure, I wouldn't be hung like a horse or sharing a house with two of the sexiest, horniest women I'd ever met but at least I'd be alive.

"Oh fucking hell," I moaned, climbing out the window and on to the metal fire escape. A minute or so later and I'd run up the flights of metal steps, reaching the top of the building, six stories up in total. I climbed over the ledge and on to the flat roof that was dotted with square boxes that housed fans and air conditioning machinery. I stumbled across to the opposite side from the fire escape and leaned on the ledge, looking down at the parking lot so far below.
