 Jamess Adonis awoke from a restless sleep to a beam of sunlight striking him in the eyes. Squinting, he arose to a cold inn room, and immediately threw several lengths of oak into the wood-burning stove in the corner, stoking last night's fire.

Hearing a yawn, he turned to see his friend and compatriot, Pollux Morningstern, slowly awake from his slumber.

"Sweet Gods it is cold in here." He commented sleepily.

"I'm working on it." Jamess said, closing the stove's door. He rose to his feet and stretched, then pulled on his clothes and strapped on his breastplate and made his way to the door.

"Find out wherever the hell Jonas stayed the night and get him to Kilrath's, I'll get the other's, we roll out at noon."

The others were easier to find than Pollux's task, all but one was sitting at the bar of the Drunken Dragon enjoying a hearty breakfast of eggs and steak and pots of coffee.

"How are my adventurer's today?" Jamess asked, drawing his belt, the large bastard sword slapped familiarly against his toned left leg.

"Ready for the job, boss." Porter said, grabbing a slab of sirloin like it was an oversized meat brownie and tore a chunk off with his oversized canines. The Half-Orc mauled the meat loudly as juice ran down his chin.

"What is the job, anyway?" Kitty asked. She was toying with one of her daggers, flipping it through her fingers, "What's with the big mystery?"

Jamess rubbed at a smudge on the holy crest of his breastplate as he scanned the room, looking for anyone in earshot not privy to the information.

"Well, Miss Deville, Kilrath's got us moving alchemical components to Stoneraven. I'd like to keep as much attention away from us as we leave, the last thing we need is to get robbed on the way there."

"Well that just takes the fun out of it, now doesn't it?" Alice said, snatching Kitty's blade with her deft hands in a lightning quick grab as the dagger flipped between fingers. "I haven't gotten to stick a highway man in ages, these trips are starting to get boring."

"Duly noted, Miss O'roark, but as much as you might like carving up thieve's, I prefer to not get shot at all. If you remember our last outing, most of our money went to the priests to heal us."

"We faired better than those goddamn Goblins." Porter stated, taking another bite from the steak.

"Even still, Mr. Bruce, let's try to keep a low profile for the time being. I'm going to go check our mounts, we meet at noon at Kilrath's shop. That should give you all plenty of time to get provisions and whatnot. And buy some winter gear, it's going to be cold." With that he pulled on his cloak and headed for the stables.

Pollux strolled down the hall, wondering how he was going to find the one Jonas was shacked up in. Jonas was a class A pain in the ass, but he was the most experienced rogue the party had ever seen. His vices came dangerously close to making him a liability however, yet Jamess put up with him. And Jamess was the party's leader, and it was not his place to question the leader's decisions.

He stopped at a door suddenly and listened hard. He thought he'd heard...yes, he had. A woman, moaning. Moaning quite agreeably.

"Yep, this is it." Pollux muttered to himself.

He knocked, no answer.

"Jonas?" He said loudly.

"Go the fuck away, Pollux, I'm in the middle of something." Jonas called back.

"Damn it all." Pollux rolled his eyes, "hurry up, we roll out at noon."

"Sure thing, now go away."

Pollux turned swiftly, clutching his holy symbol as he made his way back down the hall. "If the god's don't curse us for him, it will be a miracle."

Jonas turned back to the job at hand once he heard footsteps leaving.

"He's gone." He said.

"Good, now get back to work!" She cried out, grabbing him by his jet black hair and pulling his face back between her legs. He readily dove back to her glistening pussy, slicked from her orgasms and his spit. Kyrwynn was his favorite girl in Harchester, the beautiful, buxom blonde was a half-nymph who ran the candy store in town.

She cried out again as he ran his skilled tongue up her slit, her large, supple breasts heaved as she panted. She pulled his face in tighter and ground her pussy into his lips as his tongue flicked across her clit with unnatural speed that only a very experienced man could do.

"Gods almighty, that feels so good." She sighed. He came up for air a second later.

"That was just the opener, baby, now it's time for the headline."

He pulled the blankets away from his torso and aimed his thick, hard cock for her hairless cunt. He gripped her gorgeously tanned legs and pulled her to him. She yelped as she was forcebly dragged to his cock, and in one smooth motion, parted her lips with the tip, and slowly drove his rod deep inside her waiting depths. Her eyes grew wide as her wet pussy seemed to gulp at him, drawing him in deeper and deeper until she felt the bush of his pubic hair tickling her pussy lips.

He drew out of her and slammed back in, his balls slapping at her sensitive asshole. She couldn't help but cry out as his entire length pulled out and drove back into her almost in the same instant, a wet clap sounding off every time they came together. 

Her words were incoherent, a steady stream or vowels punctuated by gulps for air and yelps of ecstasy.

A fire began to grow inside her, and she welcomed it lovingly as a massive orgasm started to build. It did not take long for what felt like an explosion of pleasure to erupt inside her as she felt his thick shaft massaging the walls of her pussy.

She cried out, loudly, not even noticing that everyone in the building and most likely the next could hear her scream.

Jonas gasped as he felt her soft, beautiful pussy clench around his cock and squeeze him just right. He grabbed hold of her large, pert tits, pinching the cherry red nipples until they hardened under his fingertips. A few strokes later he could feel hot come building up in the base of his cock. He grunted loudly, and slammed one last time, burying himself deep in her twat as he fired spurt after spurt of red hot come deep into her orgasming pussy.

She was without words. He slowly drew out of her, a gush of hers and his come flowed out of her pussy hole when the head of his cock slid out of her with a small wet 'pop'. He grabbed the sheets and wiped the sweat from his body, and the come from his crotch. He started getting dressed.

"That...was...amazing..."She panted.

"Yes it was." He said, laying down next to her after he'd gotten his clothes one and snapped up his belt and bandoliers.

"When will you be back in town?" She asked breathlessly.

"Can't say. The Boss is being real secretive about it. Can't be more than a few weeks though."

"Well, let me know when you get back."

"Sure thing, sweetness." Jonas leaned in nd kissed her pouty lips, groping one of her tits as he did so."

He grabbed his pack and left the room. Two weeks. Three at the most. It would be a hard wait, but he could make it. He smiled as he made his way downstairs to find the others.

Porter Bruce was escorting the women through the market as they looked for rations that would keep on the trip.

"If'n it's Stoneraven we're 'eaded to, I imagine it'll be about a nine day journey." Bruce stated, giving a group of teenaged boys who were gawking at the two female rogues in their tight leathers the evil eye. One look at the towering brute sent them running.

He slung his great axe over one shoulder and picked up a handful of apples from a barrel and crammed them into a sack on his pelt, then tossed the skittish vendor a gold coin.

"Stoneraven on the eve of winter?" Alice O'roark stated, spying the fruit cart for other selections, "Don't you think Jamess could have found a colder place to go to?"

"Beats Stoneraven in the dead of winta'." Porter said, scooping up fistfuls of walnuts.

"Fuckin' ay on that note, Porter." Kitty said, she was looking at wheel's of hard cheeses in the next vendor's cart.

"I'm just saying, Jamess is a great leader, but he doesn't realize that we girls have a harder time in the wilderness than you boys do."

"Really? 'Ow so?" Porter's eyebrows went up.

"Do you have any idea how hard it is to take piss out in the woods without a dick?"

"Can't be that hard."

"Yeah, we'll you also don't have to worry about keeping an eye out for Jonas trying get a look at your snatch, either." Kitty said, sending Alice into fit of laughter.

Porter chuckled as well. Alice sighed after her laughter subsided.

"Goddamn mountains on the brink of winter. I'm going to need to buy some pelts. My tits are going to be freezing this whole trip, I know it."

"There's always room in my bedroll for ya, love." Porter grunted behind her. She grinned broadly.

"Thank you, Porter, let's hope it doesn't come to that."

"What's wrong with me?" He said.

"I'd rather bunk with Porter than Jonas any day." Kitty said, laughing.

"Mmm," Alice cooed, "or Pollux."

"Mmm, Pollux." Kitty purred.

"Oh, for the love of Hades..." Porter rolled his eyes. Both women fawned over the party's Cleric, but his cloistered nature kept him weary around the wildly flirtacious spirts that were Alice O'roark and Kitty Deville. 

Porter eyed the two human females. Each were about five feet tall, and of slight build. Alice"s long red hair was a stark contrast to Kitty's shoulder length, cropped hair. Each were finally toned, their profession as rogues kept their muscles tight, and Porter had to admire their fine rounded asses, and supple chests that were not large by any means, but were noticeable and amazing in their tight leather clothing.

He had to turn away as he felt his rather large cock begin to tighten and grow hard. He admired these women, but had no desire to become despised by commenting on their assets like Jonas, even if his dick had other ideas about it.

Speaking of which, he wondered, where was that little bastard?

Kelvan Kirath was overseeing the last of the loading of the wagon when Jamess arrived.

"Ah, Jamess, my boy, you ready to head out?"

"Waiting for my party to assemble, and then we'll be heading out. Just wanted to check on the load."

"Everything's secure and fine, just keep a sharp eye out for road agents and things will go smooth."

"Alright. Payment?"

"You don't miss a thing, do ya' boy?" Kilrath pulled a sack out and handed it over. Jamess opened it and saw seven belt pouches inside. He closed it up, satisfied.

"I got to ask boy. You've done a few jobs for me now. Why do you ask for seven shares when there's only six members in your party?"

"Who says there's only six?" Jamess said with a wink.

He walked to the outskirts of town towards a large oak and whistled. He watched as she slowly made her way down the tree.

"Olivia, my dear, you're looking beautiful as ever." He said as she came to the forest floor. She came to about his chest, looking up with her large green eyes, her Elven ears hidden under her platinum white hair.

"Jamess." She said simply, then cracked a smile. She stood on her tip toes as he leaned down and they kissed deeply. He grabbed her around the waist and pulled her close, grabbing her rump as he did so.

She broke away, "Jamess!" She slapped playfully at him.

"We got our shares, figured I'd bring yours first." He said, handing her the belt pouch. She took it gently and a few steps away from the tree, she knelt down and dug a small hole in the earth.

He heard her mutter some words that sounded like garbled Elven, then overturned the pouch and dumped the silver and gold coins into the hole, then covered it back up with the displaced earth.

"You know, if the others saw what you did with your shares, they'd throw a fit." He said.

"I don't mind much what they'd think." She said, walking back to him, leaning in close, looking at him with her brilliant eyes again, "when do we leave?" She asked, untying one of the laces of her leather top.

"Noon."

"Then we have plenty of time, my love." She pushed him against the thick oak, and sank down on her haunches.

"Olivia! We're out in the open for Gods sake."

Undeterred, she pulled the waistband of his breeches down and fished out his manhood. She looked up at him one last time, then opened her small mouth and inhaled his cock.

He had to grab onto the tree for support as his knees felt as though they'd unhinged. She bobbed her mouth up and down the length of his prick as she worked her tongue around the crown of his head. She could taste his precum and felt a growing wetness between her legs. She closed her eyes savoring the taste, the feel of his hard cock enveloped in her soft mouth. He was groaning uncontrollably as she worked her magic, lightly humming as she blew him, sending a vibration through his cock that rippled through to his spine.

He could feel his balls tighten as a large load of come started boiling inside him, when she stopped.

He looked down.

"What? What the hell?" He asked.

She giggled lightly and bit the tip of her finger as she gently stroked his cock.

"You are going to get it now." He smiled broadly, and grabbed her by the shoulders. He lifted her clear off the ground, bent her over and held her hands to the tree. She moaned in pleasure as he forced her over, towering over her lithe frame. He pulled her small skirt up over her creamy ass and lifted her off the ground. She was so light he could hold her up with one arm and keep her hands pinned with the other. He line himself up, then drove forward. His cock slid between he pink, wet, pussy lips a few times, sliding across her clit, causing her to buck and moan.

Several tries later, he felt the head slide into her hole, then started forcing his large cock into her small Elven hole. The first stroke was always tight getting in, but after that it was like her pussy relaxed and he slid easily into her. She moaned again as his length slowly slid into her twat, stretching her as it went in. When he was buried completely in her, she started pumping her hips slowly, taking in sharp breaths with every thrust.

He drew out of her slowly, and then back in, slowly building up speed. She cried out gently, she was coming already, he could feel her tight cunt grow tighter, and suddenly his cock was slicked with warm Elven pussy-come. He drove into her hard, holding her by the arms now, and she was making sharp barks of ecstasy every time he slammed his cock deep inside her, a 'pop pop pop' sounded off like whipcracks as his crotch met her ass, her pussy was gushing now, he could feel warm juice splashing his balls every time he drew his cock out. He reached around her front and tore her top down, her small, perky tits sprang out.

"Ooo!" She cooed in surprise as his hands grouped her delicate breast. She arched her backs as he fondled her nipples, pinching and rolling them with his fingertips. He was fucking her at great speed now, and when he felt her come again, felt the walls of her tight pussy clamp around his cock, it was too much for him to take.

He pulled out, and she spun around and dropped to her knees. She pumped his cock with her hand and opened her mouth in anticipation as hot come erupted from his cock. The first, and largest spurt, hit her square in the mouth. The rest laced across her face, some splashing across her small tits. She swallowed his load, then began to scoop the rest up with her fingertips, bringing them to her mouth.

He was putting his cock away, making sure no one had seen. She slowly laced up her top once more and grabbed for her staff.

"I'll get the others." He said, "We'll pick you up on our way out of town."

"See you then, handsome." She leaned up to kiss him again.

He leaned down once more, but brought his fingers up under her skirt and brushed her still wet pussy. She squealed in surprise.

"We'll be on our way soon." He said, and turned back to town.