 Jamess sat patiently on the cart and gazed up at the sun. They should have been here by now. His gaze shifted as Pollux arrived first, climbing up on the cart next to him, a heavy crossbow in hand. Slowly, the others arrived, Jonas, of course being the last.

"Finally we can leave now." Alice said, mounting her horse.

"Easy there, sugar buns, I had some last minute business to take care of."

"I can imagine."

Kitty Deville pulled her horse back away from him, "You smell like sex." She stated.

"New cologne." He said, then turned to Jamess, "did we get our shares?"

"Got em' right here."

"Can I have mine?"

"What's the hurry?"

"Just that I prefer to hold onto my own money. It's nothing personal."

Jamess withdrew a pouch from the sack and tossed it to Jonas.

"Anyone else?" He asked. Nobody spoke.

"I'll pass them out when we get to Drexlor's Pass. Let's move out, we're picking up Olivia on the way out of town."

"Drexlor's Pass?" Jonas stated, "Don't tell me we're going to Stoneraven!"

"You got a problem with that, Jonas?"

"That's a nine day trip!"

"What's the matter?" Kitty asked slyly, "You can't go nine days without getting your dick wet?"

"It's going to be longer than nine days, Stoneraven is nothing but Dwarves!"

"Like you've never fucked a Dwarf." Alice giggled. Jonas looked horror struck.

"How could you even

think that of me?"

"What's wrong with Dwarven pussy?" Porter asked from the rear. The entire group let out a massive groan.

"Ewww, are you serious?" Jonas asked.

"Pussy is pussy, son." Porter chuckled.

"Alright everyone, let's change the subject." Pollux said.

"It's nearly winter," Jonas said, "what if we get snowed in?"

"We'll be cutting it close, but we should be out a few days before the snows come in the mountains."

"What if they're early?"

"They won't be." Jamess snapped. He didn't need this today, and not from Jonas.

They neared the edge of town and their last party member joined the group, Olivia Beck. Being a druid, she very rarely went into urbanized areas, but she was a keen spell caster and very protective of her group of adventurers. Everyone loved her, especially Jamess, who had been secretly engaging in more 'intimate' sessions with the party's druid.

She gave him a wink as she settled into the rear of the cart, sitting cross-legged near the goods.

As the day stretched into dusk, Jamess was starting to rest easy. If they were going to be robbed it probably would have happened already. He stopped the cart when he spotted a small clearing in the forest, perfect for a camp. He jumped down and stretched, and let the mules free from their barding and let them feed on the green grass of the clearing.

He looked back at the others, "Let's set up camp here. Pollux, unload our gear, Porter and Jonas, go get some fire wood."

Jonas rolled his eyes but didn't complain, he turned and walked off into the forest.



"What can we do?" Alice asked.

"Well, Pollux and I can unload our stuff, we won't need help until dinner. There's some hotsprings around here somewhere, maybe you ladies would like to take a bath before we settle down for the night."

"Hell yeah." Kitty grabbed her own gear and jumped from her horse.

"See you in a bit. C'mon Livi." Alice grabbed Olivia's hand as they rushed down a trail.

Jamess chuckled. Maybe he'd get down to the hotsprings later and relax. Maybe with Olivia. Just maybe, he thought.

"Oh this is amazing!" Kitty sprang up from the water. The spring was so warm, small whisps of steam rose lightly off it's surface in a thin gossamer cloud. Her sleak, naked body seemed to smoke as she made her way to the shore, her nipples growing rock hard as the crisp, cold autumn air kissed them. Olivia and Alice sat in the deliciously warm water, the tops of their breast barely breaking the surface.

"We'll have to thank Jamess for letting us get down here." Kitty said, taking a seat next to Olivia.

Alice winked at their Elven friend, "I think someone will be thanking him quite a bit tonight."

Olivia tried to feign surprise, "What are you talking about?"

Alice rolled her eyes, "Sweet lords of madness, it's no secret you two have been fucking. The way you two look at each other gives you away every time."

Olivia didn't know what to say, she thought they had been doing well with the subterfuge.

"Sweety, what's wrong?" Kitty said.

"It's just, I don't want to get him in trouble or anything, his order and all." Olivia could feel tears coming.

"Honey, we aren't going to tell on you two. As far as we know, his Paladin order never has to know." Alice said, stretching her sore calves.

"Really?" Olivia said.

"Do we look like rats?" Kitty said.

"Of course not." Olivia said, feeling a weight lift from her shoulders.

"I have to ask," Alice asked, closing her eyes and letting the warm water wash away her aches, "is he any good, you know, at it?"

"My gods, he is tremendous." Olivia smiled.

"Really? I never would have expected Paldins to be any good at sex. All locked in their temples for most of their lives and what not."

"The way he touches me sends shivers up my spine. It's like he sends a shock through my body."

"Mmmm." Kitty moaned slightly, "Sounds wonderful."

Wish I knew what that felt like." Alice said.

"Something like this." Olivia said, reaching for Alice under the water. Alice's eyes fluttered open with a small squeal as the Elves small hands gently squeezed one of her supple tits, gently pinching the pink nipple.

"Oh...my, Olivia." She said.

"Good, huh?"

"Wonderful." Alice lay back as Olivia massaged her breast gently.

"No fair!" Kitty said, rising up from the water, "Show me too." Her tits glistened as the water ran down her skin, pert and perky with light brown nipple hardening once more. Olivia moved her other hand to Kitty's firm rack and began fondling one of her tits as well.

"Mmmm." She moaned, "So it's like this?" She reached for Olivia's chest and felt he small tits up as well.

"Almost, more attention to the nipple."

She groaned softly as Kitty pinched her nipple lightly, sending a wave of pleasure through her.

"How does he touch down there?" Alice asked.

"Oh it's lovely." Olivia said.

"Want to show me." Alice whispered.



Olivia grinned, and rand her hand down O'roark's tits, down her stomach and then to her crotch. She was surprised to find the redhead beauty as hairless as she. She gently slid a finger between her thighs and immediately felt her hot pussy. Alice jumped slightly when she made contact with her sex, but soon guided Olivia's hand back.

"Oh, Olivia, that is lovely."

"Is it?" Kitty asked.

Alice opened her eyes, and reached her own hand between Kitty Deville's own splayed legs. Kitty gasped as she felt Alice's hand rub against her pussy lips.

"Oh my." Kitty sighed. She reached down Olivia's stomach and started stroking her pussy as well, and soon the hot spring was full of moans and hushed screams of pleasure.



"Well that was nice of you to let the women go to the springs." Pollux said as he brought an armload of good sized rocks to make a fire ring.

"Better they enjoy themselves, once we start getting into the mountains it's going to be cold." Jamess said as he pulled the cooking gear from the pack mule.

"Maybe we can hit the spring after they've come back."

"Maybe." Jamess said as his ears perked from the sound of someone coming through the brush. He turned to see Porter with a massive stack of lumber.

"Got the firewood boss, ready to get me some viddles."

"Good job Mr. Bruce." Jamess said.

Pollux looked up and gazed hard at each man, then said, "Where's Jonas?"

It took them all only a second to come to the same conclusion.

"Son of a bitch." Jamess sighed.



Jonas couldn't believe his fortunate luck. He'd dropped his armload of firewood a few hundred feet back, when he'd heard the splashing. He was laying in tall grass, looking down on the hot spring. He would have been happy just seeing them naked and frolicking in the water, but this was more than he could have ever hoped for.

He pulled a hand from his glove and crammed it down the front of his pants, stroking his massive hard on. He could feel his cock twitch every time. One of them leaned to suck the other's nipples. Olivia grabbed Alice by the waist and lifted her in the water so she was floating on her back, and spread the redhead's legs.

"Oh, my..." Jonas looked to the heavens and gasped in a hushed tone, "thank you, thanks be to all of you."

He looked back in time to see Oliva dive head first into Alice's pussy, a scream of pleasure erupting from the floating woman as the Elf buried her face in her snatch. Kitty leaned back with one hand gripping her tits, the other under the water, and Jonas could tell by the expression on her face that she had one or more fingers up her pussy, working her way to an explosive orgasm.

He felt his cock tighten and knew he was about to blow when he heard a stick snap somewhere to his left.

He stopped jerking off and drew his hand from his pants. Something was in the grass with him, and not far away. 

He slowly retrieved the crossbow from his belt, a small hand crossbow, and gently pulled back the taut string until it locked in place. He slowly loaded a bolt as he looked through the swaying grass blades. Something green moved not fifteen feet to his left.

He rose to one knee and saw a group of three Goblins hunkered in the grass looking at the girls. Their tiny cocks were out and they were pumping them like pistons with their tiny green fists.

"Dirty motherfuckers." Jonas lined up his crossbow and fired. The bolt caught the closest one in the throat, sending a spray of black blood onto his two compatriots. They looked stunned as the other tried to scream in either surprise or pain, or both, but all that came out was a wet gurgle.

Jonas grinned with satisfaction as he began loading another bolt, the girls hadn't even noticed, they were still down in hot spring simmering away in their steamy pussy-fest.

His grin faded as the other two Goblins came rushing towards him at great speed. He didn't expect them to react so quickly, they hadn't even bothered to put away their dicks.

"Oh shit!" Jonas stammered as one leapt into the air for him. His arm could move fast enough and when the Goblin slammed into him his bolt fired off wild into the trees. The other Goblin hit him around the knees preventing him from standing and he went tumbling backwards into the grass.

The Goblin that hit him high was trying to strangle him, the one on his legs was flailing as he kicked his feet. Below in the spring he could still here groans of ecstasy, the girls still didn't know what was going on up above them.

He finally caught the one holding his leg with the heel of his boot and sent it flying. With that he crawled to his knees, fighting the on clinging to his throat and tried to scream for help,all that came was a gasp as the little hands throttled his neck. He grabbed at his belt and drew a dagger, then turned it upwards and drove it under the little bastards ribs.

Foamy blood poured from the Goblin's nose and mouth and the grip on his throat was finally released. Jonas sucked in a breath of air, and was then knocked over once more, the Goblin he'd kicked had launched into him once more.

Jonas lost his balance and went tumbling down the hill, the gibbering Goblin holding on around his waist as they went rolling towards the hot spring.

The girl's screams of passion turned into screams of surprise as they saw a dusty bundle of human and Goblin come tumbling down the slope. Jonas landed on top of the Goblin and went for his belt, then realized his dagger was gone, dropped it when he'd been tackled.

The Goblin hissed at him and drove a rock it had picked up into the side of Jonas's head.

Slightly dazed, the rogue's anger kept him moving. He grabbed the Goblin around the throat and drug him the remaining few feet to the edge of the spring and dunked his head under water.

"Sorry little lickin' sack of shit!" He screamed at the flailing form splashing in the water. At one point he felt tiny teeth bite into his hand. He yelped in pain, but balled up a fist with his other hand and drove it into the Goblin's stomach. A torrid stream of bubbles capped the surface as the remaining air in the Golblin's lungs was forced out from the blow.

He held it there until there was no more struggling, and then a little bit longer just to be sure. When he was satisfied, he pulled the corpse from the water and threw it on the bank. Blood was flowing from the wound on his head.

He looked to the pool of water and the stunned girls, all hiding their bodies under the water.

"Ladies..." Was all he got out before blackness swam into his vision, and he slumped to the ground.



He awoke to light slapping on his face. Jonas's eyes fluttered open to see Pollux mere inches from his face. He jumped.

"He's awake." Pollux announced, he turned back to Jonas, "Keep the bandage up to your head, the bleeding should stop soon."

"My fucking head hurts." Jonas muttered.

"You got hit with a rock in the temple, your lucky you came away with just a headache."

"Cocksucking little green bastards." Jonas said woozily.

Jamess was standing with the women, they were half dressed, still somewhat startled.

"Did you see what happened?"

"Just the end of the fight. We were bathing when he suddenly just came tumbling down the hill. We thought he was spying on us."

"He probably was." Alice said.

From the ground, Jonas pointed in her general direction, not moving his aching head, "Bitch! I saved your lives."

"Please, Jonas, it was fucking Goblin."

"There were three of them, look at the top of the hill." Jonas dropped his hand.

"You want me to cast something for you?" Pollux asked.

"No, doc, save your spells. I'll be good in a second." Jonas said. Trying to crawl to a sitting position.

"We should get back to camp." Jamess said, he looked over at Jonas, "I don't know what the hell you were doing so far away from camp, and I can take a pretty good guess, but I guess we should thank you. Don't ever pull any shit like this again." He looked at the women, "And you all can't afford to get that distracted again." With that he started back up the hill.

"Dick." Jonas said once he was out of earshot.



The next several days went by uneventful. Every hour the weather seemed to become colder and colder, but the skies remained clear, and Jamess was thankful. He was taking a big risk trying to beat the snow in the mountains. If they weren't to Drexlor's Pass on their way out of Stoneraven by the time it came, they would be stuck in the Dwarven territory for months.

They arrived at Drexlor's Pass on the seventh day just before nightfall. After that the trip would be downhill into the Stoneraven Valley, and a bit easier on the horses, plus the ravaging winds would be blocked by the hills. The Pass was just a small waypoint on the road to Stoneraven where travelers could get a hot meal, a good stiff drink and an actual bed for the night under a roof. Olivia still refused to enter the town, choosing to spend the night in a small cave she'd found while scouting ahead on the trail.

Jamess didn't like the idea of her spending the nights they were in towns alone where anything could get her, but she clung to her Druidic teachings, and he had to respect that.

"I'll bring you a meal once we get settled." He said as she hopped off the cart near the outskirts of town. She winked at him and rushed off to the cliffs where she had spotted her cave.

They entered town and got their horses and cart stowed away, entering the tavern as dusk fell. Porter and Jonas immediately began ordering ales after Jamess passed out the remaining shares. The other's got their things to their rented rooms, and went back downstairs for a nice hot dinner.



Olivia rolled out her buckskin sleeping roll on the floor of the cave. It was nice and warm inside, she had several candles burning and the cave entrance was blocked from the wind. She began her nightly rituals of prayer, but her mind kept wondering back to Jamess. It had been over a week since she had last had him inside her, and her body ached to feel his touch. Maybe when he arrived back to bring her food she would convince him to stay the night with her.

Perhaps give him a nice, long, loving blow job. The thought of his hard, throbbing cock suddenly made her wet. Sitting on her knees, she gently spread her legs and got a hand under her small, leather skirt, brushing her hairless pussy gently, sending a wave of pleasure throughout her body.

Leaning over, she snaked a long delicate finger into her wet snatch, a tremor fired off inside her and she screamed out. Then slowly, she began working the finger in and out of her hole, massaging her hardened clit with her thumb. She rocked back and forth, riding her hand, imagining Jamess's long, hardened cock was between her thighs right now, glistening with her pussy-juice as he slid it in and out of her, slow enough for her to feel every vein, every ridge, and every pulse his cock emitted.

She moaned loudly as she came, spraying her hand with more and more cum every time her pussy orgasmed.

She had to stop to catch her breath, and she heard a noise outside the cave.

She grinned. He was here. She rushed to great him.

"Jamess?" She called as she exited the cave.

Nothing. No one was there.

She frowned, not sure what to think, she was sure she had heard something. She felt a chill as a cold, blustering wind blew up her backside, and up her skirt, chilling he hot, sopping pussy. The change in temperature between her legs sent a chill up her spine. She turned to go back in the cave, but was suddenly jerked backwards.

She let out a surprised yelp by the force, and then strong fingers grasped her around the waist. Large fingers. Too big to be human.

She heard a deep growling chuckle in the darkness.

She craned her head to look, and sae to her horror the black eyes of an Ogre staring back at her.

That deep voice again, "Well, lookee what Krug found himself. A lit'l Elfee maiden." The Ogre snarled. His nose wrinkled as he smelt the air.

"What has the Elfee maiden been up to, Krug wonders?" The Ogre flipped her over in his hand. Olivia screamed as he did so, but it was lost in the wind. He brought his nose down to her crotch, avoiding her flailing legs, and inhaled deeply.

"Ooooo, someone's been a nasty lit'l girl!" Krug said, licking his lips. His tongue snaked out of his mouth, striking her inner thigh. She cried out once more at the hot, wet feel of it skidded down her thigh and to her exposed sex. The large tongue came to a rest on her pussy, and then started moving back and forth.

She grunted now. She couldn't believe what was happening, and when she felt the tip snake inside her she couldn't believe it at all. This foul beast was raping her pussy...with it's tongue. The Ogre's tongue was thick and wet, and went deeper than any cock she had ever taken. After a second, she could feel the tip of it lapping at her womb deep inside her.

Krug was making a lolling sound as he worked his tongue inside her neat, pink folds, savoring the delicious taste of female Elven pussy, a rare delicacy he rare got a chance to experience. He only wished he could get his cock inside her, but knew from experience that women this small could not take what he was carrying. Very very bad, disturbing experience.

But he still enjoyed working with his tongue, the taste and flavor of their pussies, and this one was extremely exceptional. He worked his tongue into her deeper, and she cried out. He was surprised to feel her cunt clamp down on his invading tongue, and then a fresh wave of juice came pouring forth.
