 Olivia was hurled over the Ogre's shoulder, he held her tight, and she was powerless to his will. He walked for a long while on narrow mountain trails in the growing dark until she was completely disoriented and could not find her bearings.

They entered a cave and traveled a bit longer. When he finally stopped, she heard metal clinking and was dropped abruptly into a pit covered with metal bars. He closed the gate and locked the heavy steel chain.

She looked up as Krug disappeared from view. She looked around, seeing shadowy figures in the crevices of rock.

"Who's there?" She asked, squinting, even her acute Elven sight did not allow her to see much in this darkness.

A meek voice came from a figure, feminine, "We are prisoners, like you."

"What is going on here?" Olivia asked.

"Krug keeps us here for his entertainment. He's a foul beast of a horrible sort." As the woman made her forward, Olivia could make out her features. Very thin and very pretty. Definitely human, that much was obvious.

"How many are you?" Olivia asked, trying to make out the others. Her eyes had adjusted slightly. All she saw were women.

"There are eight us now, with you included."

"Who are you?"

"My name is Mayvis, I have been here for several weeks. Krug collects women, he sells some to the Orc tribes of the mountains, but I think we're here mostly to perform."

"Perform?" Olivia asked.

Mayvis opened her mouth to say something more, but the sound of Krug making his way back into the chamber stopped her short. Olivia tried to peer through the bars to see what was going on.

He was dragging a large chair behind him. He drug it up to the lip of the pit. He settled into the seat, and gazed into the pit.

"Alright my fair maidens," he finally spoke, "Krug brought you an Elfee lady to try out. Let us see what she can do!"

"What I can do?" Olivia asked. Mayvis took her by the shoulders.

"Just relax, and this will all be over soon."

---

Jamess strolled out of the tiny town of Drexlor's Pass. The other's were at the tavern drinking and playing dice, and he took the opportunity to slip out with a plate of food for Olivia. He wondered what she was up to, or possibly what she would be in the mood for.

He grinned at the thought of possibly having the night alone with her.

He nearly stumbled over a rock as he made his way to the cave. It was too dark now to see much and he'd wished he'd brought a lantern. The wind tore at his clothes as he made his way to the soft glow emanating from the rocks.

"Olivia?" He asked before entering so as not to spook her.

No answer. She couldn't be asleep already, he thought.

He peeked his head in.

"Olivia?" He asked again, and saw nothing now. He bedroll was rolled out and her backpack and things were still here.

As soon as he saw her staff he knew something was wrong. She never went anywhere without her staff.

He dropped the plate and drew the large sword off his hip and ran back out of the cave, scanning the surrounding areas. There wasn't much to find, and it was dark now. Still he searched and finally found what he thought to be a footprint in a soft spot of the earth, roughly three times the size of his own foot. 

He cursed at himself, and ran back for the tavern, sheathing his sword. They had to look for her immediately. If something happened to her he wasn't sure what he would do.

---

Olivia was forced back as Mayvis crawled on top of her.

"I don't under..." Olivia tried to get out, but Mayvis drew her mouth the Elf's ear.

"He doesn't like it when we talk. If you have to make a sound, just moan."

"What?" Olivia cried in a hushed whisper, but Mayvis had forced her down. She could feel the human's hands roaming over her body, sending a shiver down her spine.

What in the Nine Hells was this? She thought. Other figures were coming out of the darkness, other woman, all humans, all different looking in hair color and body type.

One even looked to have Rokugan features.

She squealed slightly when Mayvis pulled the ties on her top and brought it down, exposing the Elf's small, beautiful chest.

"Oh yesss." Krug hissed. Olivia looked up and saw he had his loin cloth pulled to the side, his massive cock in his hand and he was stroking it to it's full, hard length at the sight of the women.

Her eyes widened at the sight, it was as big around as her thigh at it's base, and she guessed it was as long as her arm.

She looked forward and saw Mayvis lift the burlap she was using as a top to expose a rather large set of breasts, capped with light brown nipples that were already rock hard. She leaned forward and started rubbing her tits into Olivia's and whispered, "Try to make this look good. He punishes us if it's not."

Olivia was horrified, but knew if she didn't do what Krug wanted, it would be all of these poor women who would be punished.

The other women were coming over to her, stripping off clothing as they came her way, she felt hands suddenly all over her, rubbing her arms, thighs, legs, what parts of her chest were not mashed against Mayvis's.

She cried out when she felt a hand skim under her skirt and brush her pussy. Mayvis covered her mouth with hers, cutting off the cry as she crammed her tongue between her lips.

The hand was back in her crotch and she moaned into the other woman's mouth. It felt as though there were dozens of fingers moving around down there, pulling, prodding, and stroking.

She pulled away from Mayvis and felt a finger slip inside her. A heavy sigh escaped her lips and she arched her back in Mayvis's body. The human woman leaned down and started kissing Olivia's chest, sucking on her small, pert nipples, running her tongue across the soft flesh as the other women ran their hands over each other's bodies. A cacophony of moans emitted from the pit, music to Krug's ears. He was rock hard now, stroking off and picking up speed as he watched the female orgy down below.

Olivia pushed Mayvis up and attacked her large tits, pushing them together with her hands and sucking on the delicate brown nipples. She rocked her hips, riding the fingers that were sliding in and out of her pussy. She could feel her feminine juice flowing on the fingers, fingers that brushed her clit every so often and caused her to jump, bringing a knee into Mayvis's own crotch, which was only covered by a bit of burlap, much like her breast, bringing a moan from the woman. Olivia could feel the woman's own juice running down her leg.

Mayvis moved, slipping one of her legs between Olivia's, and smiled at the Elf.

"Just let it happen, babe, it's actually not that bad."

Mayvis parted Olivia's thighs and slid her pussy straight into hers.

The feeling was unexplainable. Olivia barked in surprise as she felt the other woman's hot, wet cunt slap against hers. She could feel a fire begin to roar inside her, and when Mayvis started rolling her hips, grinding pussies, Olivia fell back as passion took her over and orgasm after orgasm slammed her into submission. Her lower body was like one large spasm as she came hard, followed by aftershock orgasms that rippled through her body. 

She opened her eyes to find the Rokugan girl, a delicate looking woman, leaning over her, massaging her breast, leaning in to take one of Olivia's nipples into her mouth and giving them a playful bite. Olivia grabbed for the new playmate's own tits, small like her own with large, budding, dark brown nipples that caused her to squeal when they were pinched.

The girl giggled slightly as she moved further down Olivia's torso, straddling the Elf's face.

Olivia felt suddenly a tongue begin to lap at her twat as Mayvis continued to scissor her.

She lost control of herself as another tremendous orgasm tore through her. She reached her face up and buried her mouth deep in the Rokugan's dark pink pussy and was rewarded with a cry of lust. The girl lapped at her clit with grateful ferocity and both woman began to tremble as powerful orgasms caused them to cum again and again, Olivia receiving a small spurt of sweet pussy juice for her efforts. She slid two fingers inside the girl, trying to milk as much of the sweet juice out of her, wanting more, slowed only by the delicious orgasms that seemed to strike so hard and so fast it was like she would never stop coming.

She was paying too much attention to the pussy in front of her to see or hear Krug, who could hold back now longer. He stood from his chair and aimed his cock down into the pit. With a roar, a torrent of hot, sticky come came raining down on the women, splattering across the female flesh. Several huge spurts splattered their bodies as he came.

Upon realizing what she was covered in, Olivia was not turned off, in fact, quite the opposite. The fire swelled inside her and it felt like a bomb went off deep inside her.

She screamed, long and hard, and felt a stream of her own juice jet out of her pussy and splatter into Mayvis's cunt as the most intense orgasm of her life felt as though it would tear her apart. Black lines swam into her vision and she felt herself starved for breath as her lungs seemed to refuse to inhale air.

With a harsh intake, she drew in a breath, and curled up into a ball as her body shook. The others surrounded her as she trembled, laying next to her and wrapping arms around her. She closed her eyes and slowly tried to regain control of her body.

"Oh yes, my Elfee maiden. You'll catch a decent price for sure. I almost hate to let you go." Krug said as he stowed his limp, dripping dick back under his loin cloth.

"A decent price indeed."

---

"Jamess, are you fucking crazy?" Jonas shouted over the tear of the wind, "you're gonna get me fucking killed!" He was trying his best to keep from being sucked off the cliff.

"Olivia's been abducted and we aren't going to rest until we find her, how many times do I have to tell you?" Jamess said.

They were back at the cave and looking down the sheer mountain trail. Alice, who had once worked as a scout for the military had found the tracks lead to this trail, but the elements were not in they're favor.

Jamess was frantic, and there was nothing they could do to sway him.

"Jamess!" She cried to him, "I can't track what I can't see, this damn wind keeps blowing out our lamps and torches. We're going to have to wait until morning."

"Bullshit, we can't wait that long."

"Look, boss, I know you care a lot for her 'cus your banging the shit out of her and everything, but that's no reason to put us all..."

Jonas was cut off as Jamess brought a fist down into his face. Jonas hit the ground hard, and 'boss' landed on top of him and fired off several more good blows to Jonas's face before Porter tore him off the rogue.

"You motherfucking son of a bitch!" Jamess screamed at him.

"Get off me you fucking psycho! You want us to go traipsing down a goddamn mountain trail in the middle of the fucking night after god knows what. You're putting us all in danger for one person, and I for one am not putting myself at risk because your piece of tail has gone missing!"

Porter had to restrain Jamess for a second time. Jonas spat blood on the ground. "I'm headed back for the inn, we can do this shit in the morning." He turned and stalked back off into town.

Alice stepped up to Jamess.

"I'm sorry, but he's right. I can't track what I can't see, we'd all be killed if we go down that trail tonight. Olivia is experienced, she knows how to survive."

Jamess stopped struggling against Porter. She was right. He didn't like it but it was true, and he had just pummeled Jonas for it as well.

He looked down the trail, then back at them.

"I want you all here at daybreak. Understand?" He said. They all nodded.

Kitty came up to him, "Promise me you want do something stupid."

"I'm not going to look for her on my own." He said, "But I will if you aren't here by sunrise."

"All right, we'll be here." She said, and rushed off to get back to the inn. Jamess turned and walked to the cave. He would spend the night there.

Kitty and Alice caught up with Jonas as he was rubbing the goose egg over his left eye.

"Can you believe that prick?" He said.

"Jonas, do yourself a favor and shut the fuck up." Alice snapped.

Jamess tried sleeping, but it was no use. No matter how many times he tried to calm himself, sleep would not come. When the first hints of light started to splash across the cave's entrance, he got up and walked out. His party was already there. Even Jonas. They looked sleepless as well, but they also looked determined.

"Are we ready?" He asked them. All gave a nod.

"Let's go then."

---

Olivia awoke to the sound of voices. She was nested in the warm pile of women and couldn't move much, but she could definitely hear voices. What they were saying she was unsure, but they were locked in conversation. One voice she recognized as Krug's.

The pile of women began to stir as the others awoke and Olivia was able to find a better vantage point to listen from.

She still couldn't tell what they were saying, but that was because they were speaking in a foreign tongue, though she thought she recognized the language.

Then it struck her. Orc! Speaking the Orcin language, Orcs were here. She had no idea the situation she was in could get any worse, but it appeared it had. Her mind raced now, trying to think of something she could do.

Kneeling on the sandy floor of the pit, she closed her eyes and began murmuring a prayer, drawing in the sand with her fingertip objects from memory. She could only hope this worked, she tried to convey to her god that the situation was dire.

As she finished, heavy footsteps on the stone floor above struck her ears. Boots on stone, they were coming this way. She had only faith that her prayers had been heard. The footsteps came to a halt near the pit. She looked up and in the dim light saw several, ugly, beastly faces of large Orcs looking down on her. She gasped and crawled back to the other women, who had begun to sit up.

"Wake up!" Krug barked down at them. They immediately scrambled and stood. Krug tossed a chain down to them with manacles attached every several feet. Mayvis took the chain and latched her left wrist into the restraint and handed it off to the woman beside her, who did likewise until it reached Olivia. She took the chain and paused for a moment. If her hand was restrained she wouldn't be able to cast spells properly, but it looked like this was the only way to get Krug to lift the gate to the pit.

"Put it on!" Krug shouted, making her jump. The gang of Orcs snickered, one saying, "Stupid Elven bitch. I'll teach her to follow orders."

Olivia snapped the manacle on and handed the chain off to the last girl in line, the Rokugan, small and lithe, her narrow eyes studied the forms above as she locked her own wrist into the cuff.

Satisfied, Krug unlocked the gate and opened the pit to allow the women to crawl up the small stairs carved in the rock. He had them line up abreast to allow his guests to get a good look at them.

Olivia was not sure what was going on, but also knew if she didn't wait for just the right moment, she'd get herself and most likely, the other women killed. The Orcs were walking by the women, inspecting them. They seemed to enjoy what they saw, most were grinning, some even drooling, although she wasn't sure if that was just what Orcs do.

One stopped in front of Mayvis, at the front of the line. He leaned in and gave her a sniff. Mayvis was shivering with fright. In one motion the Orc reached forward and tore her burlap shirt open, exposing the human's rather large breasts. His hands fell on them immediately, squeezing them and bouncing them up and down to his liking. He pinched one of her nipples roughly and she cried out.

"Shut up!" He shouted, bringing up his hand to slap her.

"No!" Krug growled. The Orc looked at him in surprise, his hand cocked in midair. Krug glared back.

"You break, you buy, my friend."

The Orc sneered and spun Mayvis around, pulling up the sack cloth she was using as a skirt up over her round ass, and gave it a hearty slap. She cried out again.

"Bend over, bitch." He commanded. Mayvis did, stifling cries as he forced her over further. Her ass spread before the Orc, revealing the pink folds of her pussy. The Orce sat on his haunches and gazed at it, licking his lips. He brought up on thick, green finger and roughly forced it between her lips and deep into her pussy. This time she screamed.

"If you think this is too big, wait til' you see what's in my pants." He said, drawing a chuckle from the rest.

The Orc stood and turned to Krug, "I'll take this one." He looked at the other Orcs, "Alright, you can pick out yours now."

The other three Orcs moved straight for Olivia. Her eyes went wide, she hadn't planned on being mobbed, she didn't know if her plan would work. She panicked, drawing a blank as to what to do next. In the end the decision was made for her.

The Rokugan girl, last on the chain and standing next to Olivia, had a plan as well. There had been several extra manacles on the chain, leaving her with about ten feet of spare metal link to drag. She whipped her arm around now, none had noticed she had wrapped her tight little fist around the chain, and lashed forth with it.

Two of the Orcs were knocked over by the blow as the manacles whipped them across their face. Blood and teeth were sent flying as they hit the cave floor. The third drew his saber and came at her.

Olivia, casting at a speed she didn't even know she possessed, flung her open palms forward and screamed the incantation. A massive explosion of green light filled the room, blinding everyone for a brief second. When sight returned, the third Orc stood mere feet from them, looking down in shock at the massive wooden thorn she'd conjured that was sticking out of his chest.

Black blood flowed around the rhino-sized thorn as the Orc slowly stumbled backwards and fell on his rear, still gazing in surprise at the thorn as the life drained from him.

Olivia heard a scream of fury and turned to see the Orc who had just purchased Mayvis coming at them with a massive axe raised over his head, his eyes red with bloodlust.

The Rokugan kicked the dropped saber on the ground, sending it flying into the Orc's face. The sword rebounded of his helmet, sending him bumbling off balance. Olivia watched as she caught the sword that was hurdling back to her and run it through the falling Orc's chest. The Orc dropped his axe where it fell to the floor and with a metallic ring, severed the chain that connected Olivia and the Rokugan from the rest of the women.

Before she could even say a word the small Rokugan girl had pulled the saber free of the corpse and was towing her by the chain toward a crevice in the rock wall Olivia hadn't noticed.

"Wait, the others!" Olivia cried out. She was met only by a harsh glare and more tugging on the chain. Olivia felt heavy thuds through the rock and knew that Krug was chasing them down. She raced forward and followed the girl through the thin split in the stone, still worried about what fate the other women would face, but refreshed to be putting distance between her and the pit, even if it meant being tethered to the small, quiet, ferocious warrior woman.

---

Alice O'roark sat in a squating position staring at bare rock. Her eyes rescanned the same surface she'd been studying for twenty minutes.

The others hung back several yards as they tried their best not to let the wind tear them from the rock-face and send them careening down the cliffs.

Porter and Jonas were passing a pipe back and forth, Jamess was pacing...again.

After several more minutes he walked up on Alice.

"Well?"

"I...don't know. I'm sorry Jamess, but I've only had a little training at this, and this goddamn wind has blown these paths clean." She tightened her coat against the chill.
