 Nerata'ari awoke with a start. She looked around and almost panicked. The last thing she remembered was standing in her temple agreeing to something she was hoping would give her life a new purpose. Now she was laying in an overly large, luxurious bed, covered in red and gold sheets. She wasn't sure what material they were made out of but they felt amazing against her skin. At the foot of the bed was a table covered in the most amazing food she had ever seen. Plates of meats piled high, fruits of every shape and color, vegetables and cheeses adorned another plate. The aroma alone was enough to make her call this heaven. Two crystal goblets of wine stood at the other end of the table, almost beckoning her.

Nerata'ari looked around more. The room she was in was about twenty five paces on each side. The floors were made of tan colored sandstone, same as the ceiling fifteen feet above. About ten feet to her left was the back wall of the room. It was covered with murals depicting Sekhmet's battles with hieroglyphs describing the scenes. In the center of it was the head of an enormous lioness. Water was flowing from her mouth into a large basin. The center of the room was dominated by a pool twenty feet on each side. She could see small tufts of vapors rising from the water. In the far back corner stood rows upon rows of shelves, each packed full of scrolls of various sizes. Nerata'ari could see from the opposite side of the room that some were lovingly taken care of, others were covered with the dust of neglect. The remainder of that wall was taken up with weapons and armor of all kinds, most entirely alien to the Oracle. 

Nerata'ari gasped when she looked to her right. For a second it looked to her that the entire second half of the room didn't exist. The room appeared to end on the other side of the pool. She soon saw that there was a small staircase descending to a lower floor. This part of the room was almost completely empty, even the walls ended at the top of the stairs. The only thing down there were a pair of sphinxes in each corner holding the roof up. Beyond them Nerata'ari could see nothing be blue sky. There was something white on the horizon, she couldn't figure out what though. It took almost a whole minute of staring at it before it dawned on her. It was clouds! The room she was in was above the clouds!

Nerata'ari jumped out of bed and was immediately assaulted by a strange sensation. Her body felt different. There was no pain or discomfort, just a strange feeling all over though. She tried to put a word to it, heaviness maybe? Maybe she was a bit larger? She looked down at her body and was hit with a new realization; she was completely naked. She shook that off and tried to focus on the first problem. The first thing she saw where her breasts. They were always above average in size, and didn't look like they were any bigger, thankfully. Looking past those she instantly recognized the problem. She had always had stick thin arms and legs. Now she had muscle, not a grotesque amount, but just enough to fill out her limbs nicely. She stretched, looking herself over. She was actually pleased with what she saw.

She mentally chastised herself forcefully. Her body was nothing to be proud of, it was just a vessel for her ka. She should never slip into hollow, pathetic existence vanity brings she reminded herself.

The sky brought Nerata'ari back to her senses. She ran across the room, down the stairs, and all the way to the edge of the floor. The room she was in sat at the top of a huge pyramid, at least a thousand feet tall. As if that wasn't enough to make Nerata'ari scream for her life and frantically grab at one of the sphinxes, she watched transfixed as clouds floated by underneath the pyramid. Miles below them the earth languidly passed by. She might have found the view beautiful had she not been terrified out of her mind. 

Nerata'ari crawled very rapidly away from the edge, chanting "oh shit" like it was her religious mantra. She managed to make it to the bottom of the stairs before she heard a hearty, yet melodic laughter. She looked up at the sound, not caring who, what, or why someone was making it, her mind was just glad for the reprieve from visions of plummeting to her death.

Sekhmet was bent in half at the top of the stairs, hands on her knees, laughing hysterically. The Goddess could barely keep herself from falling down the stairs. After half a minute she regained some composure, "I'm sorry I laughed at you my dear, but your reaction was priceless. Welcome to my home Nerata'ari." 

The young Oracle didn't even know what to think at that point. Humiliated for acting like a child? Angry for the embarrassment, or her Goddess' laughter? Her mind flashed another image of her falling through clouds. That settled it, she would just feel happy to be on solid ground. 

Nerata'ari's arms and legs were still trembling when Sekhmet helped her up to unsteady feet, the Goddess keeping a firm grip on her lest she fall over. Nerata'ari came to enough to realize her Goddess was also naked. It was then that she became aware of many things about Sekhmet she didn't know, but probably should have considering the time they spent together.

Sekhmet stood about three inches taller than Nerata'ari's five feet two inch frame. The Goddess had high cheekbones, a small, pointed nose, full lips, and a strong, yet feminine jaw. Her eyes were tan colored, but had small waves of black lines, like beautifully hypnotic disks of polished snakewood. These features combined to make Sekhmet the most beautiful woman the oracle ever saw. She was almost ashamed she had spent this long with her Goddess and hadn't noticed these details before. 

No she thought, her face looked the same, but her eyes were different. The last time she looked they were a deep brown like her own. Was she able to change her eye color?

Nerata'ari's eyes drifted lower over the Goddess' body, still glistening with warm water from the pool. Her skin was still a bronze and olive mix, like most Egyptian women, but it had a very faint golden sparkle to it, like a million distant stars in the night sky that you could only see when not looking directly at them. She had very large, firm breasts, each topped with a small brown nipple sporting a gold ring pierced through it. Each of the orbs jutted out proudly from her chest. On her flat stomach, just above her exquisitely shaped left hip was a large tattoo of a lioness tearing out, and eating, the heart of a dragon. On each of her well toned thighs was another tattoo. On the right a lioness had a wolf's limp body in its mouth, while the left thigh displayed the same lioness, blood dripping from its maw, standing over a headless man clutching a large battle axe.

The sight of her Goddess' naked body flooded Nerata'ari's mind with lustful, carnal thoughts and desires. She imagined the two of them rolling in the bed she had just woken up in, tenderly caressing and exploring each other's body.

Decency and modesty brought the Oracle's mind careening back into reality. There were so many things wrong with her thoughts she didn't know where to begin. She was having improper thoughts about her Goddess, who could kill her with just a thought if she had known what her Oracle was thinking. Then there was the vow of celibacy she had taken. Sure, she and her fellow priestesses may have gossiped about men and what they might do to them. That was always late at night while trying to stifle their giggles so as to not wake the older priestesses or Oracle. But none of those were ever as vivid or arousing as what flashed through her mind just now. The idea of being attracted to a woman gave her pause as well. She had occasionally found herself staring at her sisters when they were bathing, but that was nothing compared to this. Not to mention every time she ever fantasized about sex it was with a man. But if she was going to be honest with herself she had to admit that she was hopelessly, desperately attracted to a woman.

How could all these feelings have welled inside of her so fast? Was her Goddess manipulating her? 

No she thought. She needed to be completely honest with herself. Instances of their time together in the temple came rushing back like a tidal wave. Innocent glances at Sekhmet when she wasn't looking. The jokes, laughter, and smiles they shared. The occasional little flirting back and forth between them. These feelings had been brewing for awhile, and she was an active participant in developing them. She felt naive for not recognizing what was happening earlier. She should have known better. Even if she had nothing against which to gauge her feelings, she should have known something was amiss and put a stop to this. Such emotions for her Goddess were heretical. 

Her body brought her mind out of the clouds. Her stomach was churning, not from nausea, but as though something wonderful was about to burst from her chest, wash over humanity, and erase all its sins. Her heart hammered against her ribcage like it was her stomach's accomplice. Her palms began to sweat as she became dizzy. The muscles in her arms built up such energy with the idea of grabbing Sekhmet that Nerata'ari had no idea what willed them to her sides, while her legs were torn between running towards the object of her heretical desires and away from her.

Why now and not before she asked herself. Was it merely because they were both naked, having shed any and all barriers between them? She somehow doubted it was just that but couldn't think of what it was, or think of much of anything other than her Goddess' naked form.

She shook the dirty thoughts from her head. No matter how much her body and soul ached to their very core for Sekhmet, to love and make love to her, it could never be. The thought of the rage her goddess would feel at her thoughts drove her to snap her head straight down, looking past her breasts with her jet black hair cascading over them like a waterfall, to the rough sandstone floor beneath her feet.

"I..I..I'm sorry my queen. I..I.. shouldn't have looked at your naked body. P...please forgive me."

"There's nothing to forgive Nerata'ari, if I didn't want you to see me naked I would have put clothes on." 

As Sekhmet said this she reached out and caressed Nerata'ari's left arm. The Oracle felt like dying. The person she desired with every ounce of her body and fiber of her soul was gently stroking her, and she could do nothing about it!

"While we're here, please call me Sekhmet, 'my queen' is way too formal."

"I... I could never."

"Then how about you call me 'my love'"? With that, she released Nerata'ari's arm and put two fingers under her chin, slowly raising her head.

If the caressing of her arm was too much to bear, the thought of having to look her in the eyes was absolute torture. Then it hit her like someone dropped a pyramid on her; "wanted to seek me naked"?, "MY LOVE"?

Nerata'ari's head snapped up as though her neck was spring loaded, "Wait, wha..."

She was cut off by Sekhmet's lips pressing against hers. Pleasure, energy, excitement, and relief tore through Nerata'ari's body like an inferno. Absolute bliss like none she thought possible wracked her body, escaping in the form of tears through her closed eyelids. 

They kissed slowly and sensually, like they had all the time in the world, yet with an unseen urgency as though they had none.

Nerata'ari savored their kiss. The softness of Sekhmet's lips, their tongues dancing together. She couldn't imagine anything better, yet greedily yearned for more.

Sekhmet reached around and placed her hand on her new lover's ass, squeezing gently as she pulled her in closer until their hips and thighs were touching, their breasts pressed together.

Nerata'ari suddenly became aware of what was really happening. She was kissing a Goddess. She had never even kissed a human, let alone made love to one. She really had no idea what she was doing. Feelings of inadequacy flooded through her, only her selfish desire for more pleasure combined with her selfless need to please her lover kept her rooted in place. 

Sensing her lover's hesitation, Sekhmet softly took Nerata'ari's wrist and placed her hand on her hip, encouraging it to explore further. A jolt of electricity shot through the young woman's body. Nerata'ari may not have known what she was doing, but she would give anything to learn how to please her lover.

The young Oracle sheepishly moved her hand around and grabbed Sekhmet's ample ass cheek. She squeezed gently at first, but applied more pressure as her courage grew. She felt her lover grab her breast and massage the large mound of flesh with her hand. She went weak in the knees when she pinched her nipple. Thinking that it would feel as good for her lover, Nerata'ari reached up and cupped Sekhmet's large breast, letting it roll around in her hand for a minute before pinching her nipple in return. She was rewarded with a moan escaping from her lover's throat that even the completely inexperienced Oracle couldn't mistake for anything other than pure pleasure. 

Nerata'ari was completely lost in the sensations of their tongues dancing together mixed with her lover pinching her nipple when she felt Sekhmet's hand slide down her stomach and reach between her legs. Her mind registered numerous new sensations. She was completely wet between her legs and hoped this was normal. All her pubic hair was completely gone as well. Sekhmet must have shaved her as well as add muscle to her she thought. All she knew was that it felt good to be shaved smooth.

More because of pure instinct than anything else, Nerata'ari opened her legs a bit to allow Sekhmet free access to her. She felt her Goddess' finger slowly part her vaginal lips and caress her. Nerata'ari wouldn't have been able to believe anything could feel this good if she wasn't experiencing it first hand. Her knees buckled from the ecstasy, causing her to break their kiss.

"Let's get you to bed so I can have my way with you" Sekhmet said, the seductive tone in her voice struck Nerata'ari as having a mixture of lust and predatory pleasure. She led Nerata'ari by the hand up the stairs and to their bed and fought the urge to throw her down and ravish her young priestess. This, Sekhmet guessed correctly, was her first time making love to someone and wanted it to be perfect for Nerata'ari. 

The Goddess laid in bed first and invited her lover to join her.

Nerata'ari slid onto the bed and laid on her side next to Sekhmet. They began to make out again, their tongues twirling slowly between them as Sekhmet caressed her face. Nerata'ari built up some courage and began exploring her body with her hands. One roamed over Sekhmet's breast while the other explored lower, slowly making its way between her legs. The Goddess parted her legs and Nerata'ari slipped her hand over her lover's bald pussy. She had never touched a vagina other than her own, and while masturbation was strictly forbidden in her temple she had experimented a little bit a couple times and knew at least a little of what pleased her, so she attempted to to the same for her Goddess and hoped for the best. 

Nerata'ari began by gently caressing the outside of her pussy before slowly working a finger between her lover's lips to massage her clit. Her lover squirmed as pleasure flooded her body. Nerata'ari felt a surge of confidence, causing her to grow even bolder. She slowly slid a finger into Sekhmet's pussy, causing her to gasp.

Sekhmet bit Nerata'ari's lower lip hard before pushing her onto her back. Nerata'ari thought she had done something wrong until Sekhmet climbed on top of her and began kissing her with more urgency. She reached her legs up and wrapped them around Sekhmet, pulling her closer to her. Nerata'ari caressed both her lover's breasts while Sekhmet began trailing a line of kisses down towards her neck. The Goddess bit her neck right where it meets her shoulder; Nerata'ari bucked her entire body in pure delight. She began sucking the area, making her moan uncontrollably. She pinched and twisted Sekhmet's nipples until she moaned into her neck. Nerata'ari used her legs, still wrapped around her, to pull Sekhmet up so she could have better access to her tits. The Oracle began sucking on one nipple while flicking the piercing with her tongue.

"Oh fuck" Sekhmet gasped.

She continued the for a minute, enjoying Sekhmet squirm in pleasure before releasing her nipple. She pushed her head down into the mattress a little so she could get a better look at her lover. She stared at Sekhmet's massive tits hanging down in front of her face, stirring a feeling of pure lust within her. Nerata'ari looked up into her lover's face, her braids falling down around them creating a private tent for the two lover's to hide in. It struck the Oracle that the only thing she had ever seen more lovely than her lover's breasts was her amazingly beautiful face. She nearly cried at the beauty of everything she was experiencing at this moment. 

Was there anything better than this?

Does everyone feel this way, or was this only possible with a Goddess?

Nerata'ari hoped for all humanity that they could all feel the way she did right now at least once in their lives. A tear rolled down the side of her face.

She reached up and gently stroked Sekhmet's face as she smiled down at her. She kissed the palm of her hand before diving back down to kiss Nerata'ari full on the lips. The young Oracle wrapped her arms around her as the made out.

Both women began picking up the pace, their shared passion driving both of them wild. Sekhmet began working her way down Nerata'ari's neck, sucking and biting along the way. She grabbed her Oracle's left breast from the side, presenting her nipple for her hungry mouth. She bit her nipple lightly while flicking it with her tongue. Nerata'ari let out something between a gasp and a moan. The Goddess worked her way down her body, not caring to tease her lover any more. She licked her way up and down the outside of Nerata'ari's pussy before spreading her open and diving in with her tongue.

Nerata'ari screamed as pleasure she had never thought possible shot through her body. She clasped Sekhmet by the back of the head and pulled her deeper against her vagina.

Sekhmet pulled her tongue out of her lover's pussy and began sucking on her clit, flicking her tongue up and down over the tiny button. Nerata'ari almost pulled her braids out in a spasm from the pleasure. The little bit of pain drove Sekhmet crazy. The Goddess slowly inserted a finger into her Oracle's vagina. She tilted her hand up and flexed her finger back and forth, stroking her young lover's g-spot. 

Nerata'ari screamed as she drove her hips up, grinding against Sekhmet's face. Pleasure was building up faster and faster with each flick of her tongue and stroke of her finger. 

"Oh shit! Oh Shit! OH SHIT!" She screamed as the first orgasm of her life tore through her body without remorse. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her making every ounce of pleasure she felt up to now completely pale in comparison. She seemed to almost float away into unconsciousness as her body, arched from pure delight, collapsed back onto the bed. Her arms and legs twitched uncontrollably as she lay there, the last remnants of her mind blowing orgasm still rippling through her. 

She was only vaguely aware of her lover's presence as Sekhmet climbed back up the bed and laid down next to her. The Goddess stroked her hair as she nuzzled the side of her neck, placing little kisses up and down it. 

Nerata'ari opened her eyes and turned towards Sekhmet. "That was, that was... I don't even know" she panted.

Sekhmet smiled down at her as she kissed her. Nerata'ari returned the kiss, weakly at first from exhaustion, but with more and more fire as her desire to please her Goddess grew into an urgent need. She pushed Sekhmet onto her back and climbed between her legs as she had done to her. Sekhmet wrapped her legs and arms around her, pulling her in close. Sekhmet dug her fingers into her back as Nerata'ari bit the point where her neck and shoulder meet. 
