 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

This is a direct sequel to my story Alex in Pornoland.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both.

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different.

† † † † †

I groaned as I opened my eyes to a bright, white hospital room, wondering where the hell I was.

The last thing I remembered - - hell, what was the last thing I remembered? The car accident? The one where I'd been rammed by a truck? No, I'd recovered from that - - I remembered walking around with my arm in a cast for a while, my mom and sister having to help me dress.

My mom and sister. Oh yeah, I remember them - - my mom Lisa who was a pornstar under the name Lisa Hazard, and my sister Chelsea who'd followed her into the same business. Which reminded me that I was a pornstar, too - - Alex Hazard was my porn name, one of the best and biggest dicks in the business.

Yeah, it was all coming back to me, now. I'd had that car accident and wound up here in what I'd called the New World, a world where me and my family were pornstars, where every woman had huge, fake tits and were willing to fuck me - - including my mom and sister. It was a world where incest was legal - - as long as everyone was of age and wanted to do it - - but for some stupid reason, I'd always shied away from it. While they were looking after me, both my mom and Chelsea had half-persuaded, half-tricked me into getting blow jobs and tit fucks from them, but I'd not fucked either of them.

Part of the reason for that was because of the man in black - - he'd followed me round and convinced me that if I fucked them, I'd die. That this New World was some sort of holding ground for terminally ill people and I would die forever if I had sex with my mom or sister. He convinced me the only way out was for me to kill myself in the New World which would take me back to the Old one.

He'd been right about that, at least - - I had gone back but before I left, he gloatingly told me everything he'd said was a lie, that I could have stayed in what he called Pornoland forever, happily fucking my mom and sis. I could have, but he didn't want the competition so he talked me into falling off a high building on the very day I was meant to star in a porno with my mom and the Pornoland version of my favourite big bust model.

What he didn't count on was his enemy, Daphne, somehow managing to get a mirror sent to me in the Old World, one which let me walk through and return here, to Pornoland.

That was my last memory - - walking through a mirror, then everything going black.

I lifted up the sheet that covered me as I lay in the hospital bed, grinning as I saw my chiselled, muscular frame and, laying across my stomach, my big, pornstar sized cock. Oh, yeah, I was back in Pornoland, alright.

The door to my hospital room opened and the quintessential porno nurse tottered in on her high heels. If I needed any more confirmation that I was back in Pornoland, the nurse's uniform was it. She wore a sleeveless one piece outfit all in white that barely reached the tops of her white, fishnet stockings. There were a pair of straps at the front that crisscrossed at her neck and tied behind her head, leaving the inner slopes of her huge tits exposed. A pair of elbow length gloves and a tiny hat finished the whole thing off.

"Mr Taylor, you're awake," she said happily. "How are you feeling?"

"Okay, I guess," I said, smiling back at her. "Little fuzzy headed. Not sure how I got here."

"You had another bump on the head," she said, placing her hand on my thigh. "The doctor will be along in a moment or two to bring you up to speed with the details." Her hand slowly moved up my thigh as she stared at me the whole time, before her fingers lightly ran over the obvious bulge my big dick made in the sheet. "You know, myself and the other nurses were really concerned about you."

"Really?"

"Ah-huh," she nodded, dragging her fingernails along the length of my dick, back and forth, increasing the pressure as my cock started to stiffen. "We're real big fans of your work, you see."

"And what's your favourite film of mine?" I asked. My dick twitched and started to move, rolling round from pointing at my hip towards my stomach as it stiffened and grew. Her fingers followed it, now wrapping around it and slowly stroking my whole shaft through the sheet.

"Maybe I'm biased because I'm a nurse, and all," she said, "but I really like Doctor Dick."

I smiled. "My head's a little fuzzy, like I said. Remind what happens in that one."

"You play Doctor Dick who helps his female patients recover by giving them a - - big - - hard - - injection and a lot of - - cream - - they need to rub into their faces," she said, her hand now grasping my cock tighter as she jerked me off through the sheet.

"Just the patients?" I asked. "No nurses?"

Her smile widened. "There's a couple of nurses you treat," she said. "Blonde. Blue eyed. Really busty."

"A bit like you, then?"

"Exactly like me," she agreed and reached out with her free hand to the edge of the sheet, starting to pull it down.

Just then, the door opened again and the doctor walked in.

"I see Nurse Christy has started the examination already?"

I grinned as I recognised the doctor who had supervised the removal of my plaster cast the last time I'd been in this horny hospital. Dr Barnet wore small, round spectacles perched on her cute button nose, her long blonde hair tied back into a pony tail. The short skirt she wore came to just above mid-thigh, giving a glimpse of stocking tops, while her blouse showed the start of a deep cleavage and the sides of her white lab coat would never meet each other thanks to her huge tits.

"Mr Taylor," she said, walking in and going to the side of the bed opposite from Nurse Christy whose hand never stopped moving up and down my shaft. "It's good to see you again," she said, glancing down at the big bulge that the nurse was stroking. "And in such obvious good health, too."

"It's good to see you too, doc," I said, thinking back to how she'd distracted me from having my plaster cast cut off my arm - - she'd given me a fantastic blow job and titfuck before letting me cum on her face and tits - - and my prick lurched in Nurse Christy's hand.

"Well, physically you seem fine," Dr Barnet said with a smile as she looked me over. "What about memory? Any problems there?"

"I'm not sure what happened before I got here," I said, "but other than that, I'm okay."

"According to your mother, you and her were on set about to make a film together." She paused and licked her lips. "Which I'd love to see, by the way," she half-whispered, before returning to being business-like. "Before you started, you were seated in the dressing room. The old chair you were sat on collapsed and, as you fell, you struck your head."

"And that was enough to land me in hospital?" I asked.

"Not normally, of course, but you did lose consciousness. That, along with your recent traffic accident and the head trauma and memory loss that followed it, was enough to warrant keeping you in for a couple of days observation."

Dr Barnet reached up and pulled the sheet down, over my muscular chest and taut abs, Nurse Christy moving her hand out of the way so that both she and the doctor could finally wrap their hands around my shaft together. I looked down to see the doctor's hand above Nurse Christy's and grinned as I noticed just how much of my cock was still left exposed. Back in the Old World, one hand would be more than enough to completely hide my dick. God I loved this place!

"I've been observing you very closely," the doctor said as she and the nurse continued their slow double hand job. "Making sure everything's in perfect working order."

"And how's it look, doc?" I asked. The last time we'd met, I'd barely been able to say a word to her. This time round, I knew how this world worked and was under no illusions.

"Oh it looks just great," she said, glancing at my cock. The big head pulsed and a thick stream of clear pre-cum leaked out the end which the doctor quickly smeared over my dick, using it as lube. "Don't you agree, nurse?"

"Definitely, doctor," Nurse Christy said.

"Is it just an observation, doctor?" I asked. "Or is there a more - - practical examination?" And yes, I was aware of just how cheesy this porno dialogue sounded, okay?

"Nurse Christy? Would you prepare the patient for me, please?" Dr Barnet said.

The big titted nurse took hold of the root of my cock and held it upright as Dr Barnet bent over and slowly, lovingly, kissed the top of my knob. More pre-cum leaked out and she smeared it over her lips, making them shine. She teasingly opened her lips and slipped them over the head of my cock, easing the fat knob into her mouth where her tongue lashed around it as she took more and more into her mouth.

I gasped as it felt the warmth of her mouth on my cock, and couldn't help smiling as I felt my knob nudge the back of her throat long before her lips met the nurse's hand. She gagged a little and I saw her screw her eyes up behind her glasses as she pushed herself down, my meaty prick head slipping into her throat.

"Oh my God, doctor," Nurse Christy sighed as she watched her start sliding her head up and down my length, more of my dick sliding into her throat with each move. "I can't believe you can take all that."

The doctor slid her head back off my cock and looked up at her as she licked the thick spit from her lips.

"Years of practice, nurse," she said. "Why don't you try?"

They swapped roles, the doctor grabbing the root of my cock, the nurse bobbing her head up and down on my big dick. Nurse Christy wasn't as accomplished as Dr Barnet but I had to give her full marks for her enthusiasm. She pushed herself down as far as she could go, my knob butting against the back of her throat, making her cough and gag, sending thick streams of spittle down my shaft and on to the doctor's hands. Try as hard as she might - - and she did try time and again - - she couldn't replicate Dr Barnet's move and swallow my cock head.

"How are you feeling now, Mr Taylor?" the doctor asked as she leaned down and kissed me. I reached up and grabbed her huge tits, one in each hand, hefting their weight, feeling her nipples poking hard through her bra and her blouse. "You like them?"

"Oh yes, doctor," I said, kissing her back. "I think they - - and I - - feel just fine."

The doctor reached up and pushed her lab coat off before quickly unbuttoning her blouse, revealing her huge tits that were practically falling out of the tiny, sexy lace bra she wore. A second later and that too was on the floor and her heavy jugs were in my hands and then, when she leaned over, in my face.

"You like those big tits, Mr Taylor?" she asked. I nodded as best I could with a face full of tit. "Want to slide that big cock of yours between them?"

She moved back down the bed, nudging Nurse Christy's head out of the way before leaning over and wrapping her huge jugs around my cock. I moaned in delight as she moved her fun bags up and down my shaft, slippery with her own and Nurse Christy's spit, the head of my prick poking out of her cleavage.

"God, doc, that looks so fucking hot," the nurse said, leaning in and wrapping her lips around my bell end again, sucking on it as the doctor tit fucked me, her mounds bumping into Christy's face every now and then, not that she seemed to care.

As they were both bending over to get at my dick, their asses were pointing at me and I reached out to both of them, flipping their equally short skirts up over their perfect cheeks. My fingers pushed their almost identical g-strings aside and I gently eased two fingers into each of their pussies, they were so wet and warm.

"Mmmm, I like that," the doctor gasped, pushing her cunt back against my fingers as she continued sliding her huge tits up and down my cock. Nurse Christy made a similar encouraging noise but her mouth was full of my knob so we can forgive her for not being quite so vocal.

"Would you like something - - more substantial?" I asked her with a smile. "After all, you did the oral exam last time I was in."

"Why Mr Taylor," Dr Barnet said with mock indignation. "Are you suggesting I have sex with a patient?"

I pushed my fingers deep into her cunt, making her moan in pleasure, doing the same to Nurse Christy.

"I'm suggesting you have sex with a patient and a nurse," I said.

Dr Barnet reached down and ran her fingers through Nurse Christy's hair, gently lifting her head up. She moved closer, the pair of them kissing and licking at each other's tongue as they shared my knob between them for a moment.

"Would you hold the patient ready for me, nurse?" Dr Barnet asked, pulling away from my fingers and climbing on to the bed, her stocking clad legs straddling my hips. We all watched as Nurse Christy held my mammoth cock upright and guided the fat head between the doctor's slippery, wet pussy lips. The doctor and I both groaned as she lowered her twat down, the warm, clasping tunnel of her pussy muscles clamping around my shaft as she went lower and lower.

"Fuck that looks good," Nurse Christy said, watching intently as her boss's pussy swallowed my big dick.

"Uuhhhhh - - oh, it feels even better," Dr Barnet sighed as she started sliding up and down on my cock.

"Damn right it does, doc," I said. She moved lower each time, eventually grinding her pussy against the base of my cock, Nurse Christy moving her hand out of the way, before starting to rock up and down, faster and faster.

"Oh shit - - fucking hell - - fucking big cock!" she babbled. She fell forward and as I clamped my lips around one of her tits, Nurse Christy moved up beside me and started sucking on the other one. "Oh yes - - ahhhhh, fuck yeah - - suck my tits - - fuck my pussy!" the doctor yelled, staying still, letting me thrust up into her cunt, fucking her with every inch I had while me and Nurse Christy feasted on her huge tits.

This was heaven, I decided. Fucking with two big titted women at the same time had long been a fantasy of mine in the Old World and here I was, living the dream. And to make it better, I knew that once I got home, I'd be doing the same with my mother and sister - - fuck any hesitation this time round.

"Oh Jesus - - fuck me, Alex - - aaahhhhhahhhh - - fuck me - - make me cum!" the doctor cried as I pounded away inside her, shoving my whole length into her pussy over and over as me and the nurse sucked on her nipples. "Oh fuck - - fucking hell - - cumming!" she wailed, her pussy clenching my shaft as her hot fuck oils lubricated her cunt. I swear I could feel her muscles rippling along every inch of my cock as she bucked and moaned her way through her orgasm.

Beside me, Nurse Christy pulled off her ridiculous porno hospital outfit, leaving her standing in just stockings and g-string, her perfect, huge tits sitting high and proud on her chest.

"Please doctor," she said, almost begging. "Is it my turn?"

Dr Barnet could barely answer her for a while as she lay collapsed on top of me and there was no way I could say anything as I was mostly buried under her tits. Slowly, the good doctor came round and slid her pussy up my shaft until it popped free, Nurse Christy diving in and sucking it deep into her mouth. Once Dr Barnet was off the bed - - tottering slightly on her unsteady feet - - Nurse Christy quickly clambered up and took her place.

This time it was me who held my dick up for her as she slid her pussy down over my bulbous knob head. Inch after inch disappeared into her cunt, her pussy lips spreading wide to take my shaft. She held her big tits apart, looking down her taut, trim stomach, to her neatly trimmed pubes, trying to get a glimpse of the action but the angle was wrong for her.

"Oh God - - fucking hell - - ahhhhhh - - Dr Barnet was right," she moaned. "Feels so good."

"Sure does, baby," I said, grabbing her pert little ass cheeks, holding her steady as I started to fuck her. "Bring those big titties down here," I said, licking my lips.

Nurse Christy fell forward and my face, once again, was full of big, firm tits while my cock was stuffed into a tight, wet pussy. Seriously - - life was fucking great right now.

"Oh yeah - - fuck my pussy - - fuck me - - suck my tits," she mumbled as I did as she asked. "So big - - so fucking big!"

I gripped her ass cheeks and thrust inside her, the whole length of my dick sliding in and out of her twat as deep as I could go, my big balls banging against her.

"Uuhhhnnnn - - so fucking good," Nurse Christy muttered. She held her huge tits in both hands, the big mounds too big to fit in her tiny fingers, tit flesh spilling out, and moved them from side to side, letting me lick and suck on one nipple for a few seconds before moving to the other one. "Fuck my pussy - - ahhhhhh - - fuck my horny pussy!"

Who was I to refuse such a request? I fucked her hard and fast for a few minutes, stuffing the whole of my cock inside her. Back in the Old World, I wouldn't have lasted anywhere near as long as this - - hell, I'd have cum just at the thought of a threesome - - but I had no problems here in Pornoland.

"Oh God - - oh fucking hell - - ahhhhhhhh - - eeeeehhhhhh - - cumming!" Nurse Christy yelled as I fucked her into her orgasm, her pussy clamping down on my cock as she came. I carried on screwing her, slowing my thrusts as she fell forward, smothering me in tit flesh just as the doctor had done, letting her relax and get her breath back.

"Please, Alex," the doctor said from the chair beside the bed. I managed to turn my head and look at her, legs spread, fingers working in her pussy. "Cum for us, Alex - - please," she said.

I lifted Nurse Christy up and off my dick, swinging my legs off the side of the bed as I did, carrying her over to the chair. The doctor accepted her into her lap, cradling her, kissing her as she recovered, their huge tits mashing together. I stood next to them, slowly stroking my big, pussy juice slickened cock, watching them make out for a while.

"Oh fuck," I moaned after a few minutes as I felt my balls tighten and my cock swell. I took one more step even closer, pointed my cock down a little and let fly.

Stream after stream of thick, pent up jizz spurted from my cock, the pearly white fluid splattering over the doctor and the nurse, painting not only their faces but also their tits in viscous threads of spunk. I gasped as my dick lurched in my hand time and again, cock juice erupting all over them, huge lines of cum crisscrossing them, only to be smeared as they turned and kissed each other, sucking up as much of my jizz as they could.

After what seemed like a full minute of cumming - - it probably wasn't but if fucking felt like it - - my dick finally started to cease shooting and I leaned forward, letting them both suck and lick at the head of my cock, swapping the remains of my cum straight from the source. They both looked up at me with cum streaked smiles as they took turns sucking on my knob.

The scene was interrupted by my phone ringing on the nightstand. I grinned at the doctor and nurse as I reached out and picked it up, tapping the screen to answer it.
