 Nerata'ari effortlessly slid through the snow without making more than a whisper of a sound. They were back in a pine forest, the now familiar scents of the snow-blanketed forest filled her nostrils like an old friend. A few songs from the occasional night bird broke the otherwise silent air like a roaring crowd. Shafts of ghostly moonlight shot through the trees like spears haphazardly, giving the forest floor a mosaic pattern of light and darkness. Nerata'ari knew that would be gone soon, the sun would make its entrance, followed by its quick exit a few hours later. She doubted they would find the beast during daylight. 

She gave the signal to meet up in a gentle whip-poor-will call. Sekhmet replied with a whip-poor-will call of her own indicating that she acknowledged her and was heading towards the young Oracle. The Goddess had spent the last couple hours about a hundred yards to her left so they could cover more ground but stay close enough to converse via bird calls. They had formulated a plan that only covered night time, but didn't think to plan for daylight hours.

They met up for a minute to discuss a strategy. During the night they had to stalk the beast, but they would change tactics and see if they could catch it sleeping in its lair during the day. If that didn't work they would stake out it's liar to catch it if it returned. 

As much as they both wanted to walk hand in hand, or in this case mitten in mitten, they separated, returning to their same distance apart. 

Nerata'ari held one spear at the ready, the rest of her weapons slung in their usual places, as she covered another mile looking for any signs of the creature. The moon sank below the horizon with the opposite horizon lightening with the approaching sun. She hadn't caught sight of anything indicating the beast had ever come through here. 

They reached the clearing under the wolf's den just before the sunrise. It was a jagged hole three quarters of the way up the hill across from them. In between them and the cave was a bowl shaped valley a few hundred yards in diameter intermittently lined with either hills or forests. 

The women circled around the valley, not wanting to stand out in the clearing, reaching the entrance at midday. Nerata'ari examined the tracks in front of the cave while Sekhmet explored some of the cavern. Both women worked in silence, not even communicating with bird calls lest they potentially give away their element of surprise. 

Nerata'ari scanned the entire entrance and hill around it. There was one path in the snow leading straight down the hill, then turned right and went into the forest. She could easily see that it had been made at some point before the storm ended yesterday; fresh snow had piled up in it. The beast must be massive to displace this much snow as it walked she thought. Even though the path was easy to spot, it looked as though someone drove a large plow through the valley, she couldn't tell which direction the wolf had gone. Nerata'ari had no choice but to join Sekhmet and admit she was at a loss.

The inside of the cave was slightly warmer, mostly due to lack of wind. Light had such a difficulty penetrating the inky blackness that Nerata'ari would have gotten lost without the mouth of the cave to orient herself. More than once she either kicked a rock or stalagmite. The occasional drop of water hitting the ground was the only sound that accompanied her footfalls. 

How the hell are we supposed to hunt in here? she asked herself. 

As if to answer, Sekhmet lit a torch to illuminate the cave. It flashed like the sun outside before dying down to the regular glow of a small flame. Nerata'ari winced at the sudden onslaught of light, despite it being thirty yards in front of her. She walked toward her Goddess, who turned toward her in turn.

"He's not here" Sekhmet said matter of factly.

"Plan B then?" Nerata'ari asked.

"Yea. I'll post up in the valley across from where the tracks went. You sit on the back of this hill. We'll be pretty far apart, but we should be able to communicate with our bird calls over that distance. I suspect it'll be back at some point soon."

* * *

Nerata'ari sat in the snow waiting for what felt like days. The sun had set again, but the moon hadn't risen yet. Everything was pitch black. Nerata'ari tried staying alert, but what little shadows she could see played so many tricks on her mind she gave up altogether trying to see anything. The only thing that kept her eyes wide open was the fear of falling asleep. 

She relied on her other senses. The wind was blowing at her back, the rustling of branches and her fur coat were the only sounds she could hear. Her nose was so used to sensing only the snow and pine trees that a new smell jolted her like a blow to the face. 

Animals she thought to herself. The unmistakable scent of an animal, wet fur, and filth were faint, but they were there. She tried to judge how far away, but there was no way of telling. She listened for all she was worth but couldn't hear a thing.

The wind must be carrying their scent real far if I couldn't hear them approaching she thought to herself.

Or is it the wolf? she asked.

The thought made her spin around, bringing her spear to the ready. She strained every sense she had trying to find the source of the scent. The trees had no branches for the bottom twenty feet or so, but the unobstructed view was pointless if she couldn't see more than thirty feet at most in this darkness.

She switched relying on her eyes as she focused on her hearing. The only new sound was her mittened hands tightening on the shaft of her spear. She calmed herself, began breathing through her mouth, and concentrated on what she could hear. The usual sounds of branches overhead swaying in the wind was the only thing she could hear.

She was about to relax when she heard it. A gentle rush like something walking through the snow, soft at first, but getting louder by the second. Then there were more. Even at a distance, her heightened senses could tell this wasn't one ordinary creature. But she also couldn't tell what it was exactly. 

The cascade of sound became a roar. She wondered if she should call Sekhmet. What if this wasn't the beast? She'd feel stupid for for calling her lover. This was her first hunt, her first chance to prove herself to both of them.

No, she'd wait until she knew for sure.

The sound grew stronger. She turned slightly to her left to face the sound head on. She dropped her weight and lowered the back end of her spear, ready for whatever was charging at her. 

She could feel the ground trembling under her. She just about changed her mind to call her Goddess. She couldn't handle this on her own.

She inhaled deeply to make the call when the beast crashed through a sapling directly in front of her.

"Shit!" she yelled, startling the reindeer running right at her. 

It tried to turn, but skidded and lost its footing, tumbling over once before scrambling to its feet and bolting off into the night to Nerata'ari's left. Two score more were able to learn from the first and turned without difficulty. 

"Fucking hell" she said aloud. She was instantly relieved she hadn't called for Sekhmet. She was desperate to make her proud and couldn't possibly see that happening if she was afraid of some reindeer. 

She nearly sat down when an idea her her, making her feel completely ashamed for being so stupid: what made them so frightened?

She jumped back up and faced the direction they came from. 

Nothing.

There has to be something, they wouldn't run from nothing. 

She thought of calling again, uncertainty making her feel inadequate. Negative thoughts began to creep into her head. 

I can't handle this. 

I never should have agreed to do shit like this.

I'm not capable of this.

I'm not worthy of her.

That last thought hurt so much it brought her to her senses. While a small part of her always felt she wasn't worthy of being lovers with her Goddess, that was her own problem, it had nothing to do with anything Sekhmet said or did to her. As for being capable, she knew deep down that she was. She was equal sparring partners with a Goddess. Not just any Goddess, but a warrior Goddess. A Goddess that had decimated whole worlds. 

Steeled against the negative thoughts that momentarily brought her low, she renewed her efforts to find the wolf. She scanned her surroundings with her eyes and ears, straining harder than ever to locate the thing. Blackness surrounded her. Silence seemed to envelop her. She couldn't find anything out of the ordinary. 

Minutes went by; nothing.

She scanned 90 degrees to the sides of the direction the herd came from for what seemed like an hour.

Nothing.

The moon just peaked above the horizon, casting small rays of light like a guardian angel desperate to help its charge.

Still nothing. 

Maybe they did run from nothing. Or whatever they ran from caught a slow reindeer before they reached me.

Her muscles, sore from the tension of being in a ready stance for far longer than they were used to, relaxed as she sat in the snow. 

The moon rose higher, giving her more desperately needed light. She could see almost a hundred feet now, but nothing greeted her eyes. 

Another hour went by as the moon rose even higher. The wind had shifted again, coming at her from just over her right shoulder. She inhaled deeply, more to relieve the bored than out of any need. She smelled animals again. 

Another small herd?

She turned her head into the wind and inhaled a few short sniffs. There were definitely more animals out there, closer than last time. She sniffed the air again. Something wasn't right, but she couldn't tell what. She shifted her body to face into the wind and sniffed again. There was a faint odor of something strange, almost foul, yet oddly familiar, but her mind still couldn't place it. She wracked her brain trying to recall the scent. It took her almost a full minute to remember what it was.

The cave! she practically screamed in her head.

She was instantly on alert. She scrutinized every shadow in front of her.

Nothing.

There had to be something out there now she told herself. The only thing that could smell like that was living in that cave, and the only thing that she knew that lived there was the wolf. 

She strained her eyes, trying desperately to pierce the shadows beyond what the moonlight would allow her to see. She sniffed the air again.

Nothing, even the scent was gone.

Was it walking away from her she wondered. 

Or circling around me! 

That made sense. The beast would have know the wind changed direction and when she moved and sniffed the air she betrayed herself to it. The only problem now was which way was it circling?

She stood up, not caring if the creature saw her, she already gave up any hope of deceiving it. She kept turning her head slowly from left to right trying to pick up anything out of the ordinary. Shadows in the distance began playing tricks on her again while her ears heard nothing at all.

Son of a bitch! she screamed at herself. The wolf knew exactly where she was, and was stalking her in all likelihood, but she had no idea where it even was! Part of her knew she should call for Sekhmet, but the same negative thoughts crept into her mind and her pride rose up to crush them and keep her silent.

Then she spotted something off to her right, deep in the shadows. Two pale purple orbs barely visible stood at least ten feet off the ground.

As soon as she saw them they vanished. 

Did she imagine them? Were the dim light and deep shadows playing tricks on her again. Doubt crept back in.

Aaarrgghh! She screamed at herself while quickly shaking her head.

She stared at the spot where the eyes had just been so hard and with such determination that her eyes could almost bore a hole through a tree.

A second after they disappeared they reappeared. 

She couldn't truly gauge size at this distance in the dark, but everything she could guess with was telling her this wolf was huge.

I GOT YOU NOW MOTHERFUCKER! she yelled internally. 

She let out a bird call just as the beast charged.

* * *

Sekhmet heard the call at the same time she heard crashing as if entire trees were being uprooted around her lover.

Fear of being too late shot from her heart and tore through her body. She teleported so fast and with such force she left a two foot deep crater in the ground twice as wide as she was tall.

* * *

Nerata'ari prepared to throw her spear at the oncoming beast. All thoughts of its huge size, what it could do to her, and the doubts that nearly crippled her were gone. Her training had been so good and thorough that none of those things mattered. She had only one thought on her mind, to absolutely destroy this abomination. 

The creature was over a hundred yards away when it started. It covered half that distance in less than two seconds. 

Nerata'ari studied the beast while it charged. It ran steady, plowing snow like it wasn't even there. Even at this distance she could see its massive muscles rippling all over its body with every stride. Long jet black fur shone in the moonlight and waved as air rushed past it. Its pale purple eyes burned with something she had never seen before. Unnatural razor sharp teeth shaped like cones lined both its jaws.

Each stride the beast took was confident; as though it had no idea it was charging straight into its death.

While a leg shot was probably best, Nerata'ari couldn't help but try her luck at throwing the spear straight into its open mouth.

She readied her spear, wanting to wait until the beast was within twenty yards before she threw it.

Suddenly the snow to her left exploded and an unseen wall of force knocked her two paces sideways. She heard her lover yell "Sorry!" as she regained her composure. 

The wolf skidded to a stop thirty yards away. Nerata'ari could finally get a good look at the size of it as she circled to her right. The wolf stood almost fifteen feet tall at the shoulder and half again as long. 

"This is going to be fun!" Sekhmet yelled to her. Nerata'ari just smiled in reply.

The wolf looked back and forth between the women attempting to surround it before settling on Sekhmet as its target. It crouched, readying itself to pounce. Nerata'ari saw her opportunity. She launched her spear as hard as her unnatural strength would permit. She sent the spear straight through the beast's left foreleg and buried it in in its ribcage, pinning its leg.

The beast roared so loud in pain it shook snow down onto it from the branches above.

"Nice shot babe!" Sekhmet yelled.

The wolf reared back on its three other legs and tugged with its injured one. After some struggle it shattered the shaft of the enchanted weapon. 

Nerata'ari watched as Sekhmet ran at the beast, khopeshes trailing behind her ready for a deadly swing. The wolf anticipated the move and batted her away with its muzzle with such force that she shattered a nearby tree trunk. Sekhmet's laughter was drowned out by the sound of the explosion in the still night air.

Nerata'ari grabbed her kopeshes as the wolf whirled towards her. It threw itself at her with everything it had. She dove to her left while swinging with a khopesh. It sliced through teeth and flesh before lodging in its jaw, her momentum tearing it from her hand.

The beast howled with rage and swung its head sideways, hurling the abandoned weapon far into the night. It snapped at Nerata'ari, just missing her as she rolled out of its reach. 

Nerata'ari brought her other sword to the ready in a fighting stance just in time to catch Sekhmet throwing herself, shoulder first, into the beast's right flank. The Goddess shattered numerous ribs in the beast as she sent herself and the ten ton beast tumbling through the snow.

Nerata'ari got an idea. She looked around, and finding a suitable tree, threw her remaining khopesh into its trunk about ten feet off the ground. Running, she jumped and used the handle of the sword as a step to reach a branch as think as her waist thirty feet up. She spun around to see how her lover was fairing.

* * *

Sekhmet rolled off the beast as it scrambled to its feet. She saw her lover jump into a tree fifteen yards behind the wolf. 

She must have a plan the Goddess thought to herself. 

Whatever the plan was, she was probably going to have to keep the wolf in one place, but how?

She faced off with the wolf about ten yards in front of her. It growled menacingly, the stench of death wafting through its bared teeth. Nostrils flared with each breath.

Then it dawned on her.

She flung her khopesh as hard as she could, landing a glancing blow between its eyes. She didn't intend to do much damage to it, just piss it off. It worked.

The wolf charged at her. She cocked back a fist and slammed it with all of her supernatural strength right in the nose. The sound of splintering bone echoed through the night. She managed to drive her fist up one of the beast's massive nostrils until almost her entire arm was lost in the animal. 

It howled in pain and shock its head wildly, throwing Sekhmet's body back and forth like a ragdoll along for the ride. It slammed its head into the ground trying to dislodge her, but to no avail.

Sekhmet regained her feet. She pushed the wolf back through the snow. It tried to resist, but was helpless under the Goddess' extreme strength. She wrapped her legs and free arm around a tree a foot thick and locked the wolf in place. It struggled and shook, but could barely move its head more than an inch or two. She stared into its eyes as the rage they contained gave way to terror. She smiled as the creature realized this was the end and there was nothing it could do about it.

* * *

Nerata'ari watched as Sekhmet immobilized the wolf. Her Goddess had given her her opportunity. 

She readied her last spear and ran along the length of the thick branch. She launched from it, her fur clad body soaring through the night like a terrifying predator about to make a kill. She let out a primordial scream as she covered the ten yards to the beast. She wasn't sure she could get its heart, so she changed her aim. With an earth trembling thud she slammed into the back of the beast. The impact rattling all the bones in her body, but she drove the spear straight through its spine right above its shoulder blades with such force it didn't stop until it came through the other side.

The wolf fell over sideways, sending Nerata'ari tumbling through the snow. She got to her feet unsure if her strike had the intended result. 

Sekhmet had released the wolf when she hit it and now came running towards her.

"That was amazing! I never would have thought of that!" She greeted her Oracle with a hug, planting a kiss on her.

Nerata'ari was startled and still partly in fight mode, but relaxed and hugged her lover close. She released her and looked upon the wolf.

Her assault did in fact end exactly as she planned. 

The beast lay on its side, its crippled body paralyzed from about the shoulder down. It flailed its head, the only part of its body it could move, up and down, each impact with the earth shook the ground around them and caused mini avalanches of snow to fall from the trees above. Its thrashing reminded Nerata'ari about a fish out of water. 

She had done this; crippled such a huge, awesome beast. Pride welled up inside her almost to the point of tears. All her doubts vanished. Yes, she had help, but the most important part of the battle had all been her. She stared almost dumbfounded at the idea. Just a few years ago she was nothing but a lowly temple Oracle, now she was slaying beasts men twice her size were terrified of.

Nerata'ari was awoken from her daydream by Sekhmet's shaking.
