 Sekhmet squirmed in bed from Nerata'ari's assault on her vagina. The Goddess looked down between her breasts, past her stomach, to see the top of her lovers head as she slowly worked her clit like a magician. Nerata'ari liked to tease her sometimes by going incredibly slow, building her to an orgasm that might make her pass out. 

Sekhmet could feel her slowly licking circles around her clit while she fingered her even more slowly. She placed a hand on top of her lover's head and just held her there, savoring every feeling. 

Soon Sekhmet felt another sensation, a much less pleasant one.

Every God has a home entirely closed off to the rest of the universe, just like hers. No other being, God or mortal, could gain access to it without permission of the owner. This ensured there was always somewhere safe a God could retreat to if need be.

And now someone was ringing her doorbell.

Sekhmet tried to ignore it at first. Whoever it was didn't let her know who it was that was knocking, so they could kiss her ass. That and Nerata'ari's tongue was just too amazing to have her stop now. 

Whoever it was asked permission again, then a third time, before finally announcing themselves. It was Mercury, carrying a message for her.

"Shit" she said aloud while trying to sit up in bed.

"What's wrong my love?" Nerata'ari asked, a look of sadness and disappointment on her face.

"Nothing's wrong, at least not with you anyway" she replied. Sekhmet reached out and cradled her lover's face with both hands, planting a sweet kiss on her lips. "We will have a guest soon is all."

With that she climbed off the bed and walked toward the stairs leading down to their training area.

"Who's coming?" Nerata'ari asked, trying to catch up. 

"Mercury" she replied nonchalantly. "Oh, for modesty's sake" she added, snapping her fingers. 

A silky soft blood red dress cascaded from both women's shoulders until it stopped just above their ankles. The shimmering fabric rippled in the breeze as both women stood near the sphinxes in the corner of the temple, waiting for their visitor. 

Nerata'ari's head swam. She only met one other God besides her partner, and she helped kill that one. To top it off, she didn't even know that was a God until afterwards. Now she was meeting another one on friendly terms.

"When he gets here, treat him as an equal, not as someone above you. He'll never respect you, at least not to the level you deserve, if you act like you're less than him. You're my partner, my equal, and he needs to know it and act it."

The Oracle's stomach tied itself in knots. A million thoughts raced through her head.

How was she supposed to do that? 

She was just a mortal with some powers, nothing like him.

He could easily kill me without much effort at all for just offending him.

I'll show him what I can do if he tries.

She called me her equal!

That last thought was repeated in her head ad nauseam, for her pleasure and as a reminder of how to behave when their guest arrived. 

At first there was nothing but a speck in the distant sky, but within seconds he alighted a few feet from them.

Mercury was everything Nerata'ari had come to expect from a God. He stood just over six feet tall, with curly, sandy blonde hair and alabaster skin. His body, the embodiment of perfection of the male form, might as well have been chiseled from marble. His face was just as perfect, with light brown eyes, high cheekbones, a well proportioned nose, and jaw that was masculine, but not overly so. He wore a gold colored cap with wings on the sides, a battle skirt similar to the battle skirts the women wore, but with strips of gold instead of stronger bronze, and brown leather sandals with straps that wrapped around his ankles and calves and small wings on each side of the ankles.

"My dearest sister!" he exclaimed in a voice at the deeper end of baritone. He embraced Sekhmet with a tight grip and broad smile. 

"It's good to see you again brother" she said warmly.

"How have you been? I've missed..." he cut himself off in mid-sentence upon seeing Nerata'ari. 

Mercury stepped back, his eyes shifting from Sekhmet to Nerata'ari and back again.

Sekhmet surmised his thoughts and tried to soften any ill words he may have; "Before you say anything"

"No, before YOU say anything, I love you and I'm happy for you" he said smiling from ear to ear. 

They embraced again, tears streaming down Sekhmet's face. 

"I wasn't sure you'd be there for me"

"I'll always be here for you sister. You've been alone for so long, I'm happy you have someone now. Who cares about anything else. You've always been a great judge of character, far better than I, so I'm sure she's absolutely amazing."

Nerata'ari almost giggled out loud. 

He just said I was amazing!

"She really is! Where are my manners? Mercury, this is Nerata'ari. Nera, this is Mercury, my dearest brother."

Nerata'ari blushed, "I...I...it's nice to meet you" she stammered. 

Mercury took her hand in his and pressed it to his lips, "The pleasure is all mine my dear." He swung his left leg behind his right in a wide arc and bowed low when he said this. Nerata'ari thought it was both incredibly charming and way over the top for the likes of her.

Sekhmet waved her hand and the table by their bed filled with the best food and wine the world had to offer. It moved to the edge of the pool as she willed two divans into existence next to it. The two women sat on one while Mercury sat across from them. Sekhmet and Mercury caught up on old times, and eventually Nerata'ari overcame her shyness and spoke to him as well. She asked him all sorts of questions a human could think to ask a God, which he answered in kind. Nerata'ari was floored with his charm and grace. She was convinced no human man could ever be this charming, eloquent, or downright likable. 

For his part, he had always loved his sister, and found Nerata'ari's company just as enjoyable. He had numerous questions for her as well, and found the most mundane details of her life quite fascinating. 

He sat enraptured by their tale of killing Hati. "You know Fenrir will come after you, he can't let the death of his son go unavenged."

"Fenrir's a pussy, we'll handle him no problem." 

Mercury cringed imperceptibly at his sister's crude language, "This may be true in most cases, but the assassination of his son is a different matter, even if he was slaughtering humans. Don't get me wrong, I never liked the brute or his family, and I'm not sad to hear he's dead, I'm just worried for your safety."

"Yours as well" he added, looking at Nerata'ari. 

"Thank you" the Oracle replied.

"I understand your concern, and I'm happy for it, but we can handle Fenrir no problem."

"Have you considered the fact that he'll drag Skoll into this, and Loki might get involved as well?"

The Goddess shot her brother a look as if to ask if he really thought she was that stupid.

"I have to ask sister. I'm no fighter, so I couldn't help you, and while I'm fully convinced your beautiful accomplice in life is more than adequate in combat I'm not sure you could take all three of them at once."

"Would you prefer I went on the offensive and took them out individually?"

"What would the being think?" he asked, referring to the entity that granted all of them their powers.

"It's never cared before."

"I know that, but now you're going to kill basically innocent siblings of ours. All the others have been guilty of something heinous, so you had justification."

Sekhmet didn't like how her brother demurred to the being that created them. She had respect for it, sure, but didn't kowtow before it. Hell, it never communicated with her or almost anyone else. The other Gods always tiptoed around any subject once they brought up the entity and its potential feelings. No one was even sure it could have feelings, yet here we were, once again talking about them she thought.

She tried to hide her frustration; "I don't think it even cares."

"Possibly."

"Has it ever shown any care for its creations before?" 

"To my knowledge no."

"It's never spoken to you. It only ever speaks to Ra and Zeus, at least that I'm sure of, or as sure as I can be, and then it's only ordering things to be done. It's never once sent him a message that conveyed any emotions whatsoever. So I'm not going to concern myself with it." 

Mercury could sense the finality of her words and let it go, "Fair enough."

"Your visit wasn't merely social brother, what message are you delivering?"

"Ah yes! Your message. In the presence of such ravishing company I often become very forgetful" he said with a flirtatious smile at both women. "Terminus is celebrating his festival day in a few months as you know I'm sure. Normally he doesn't make a fuss, but this year he's going all out. It's apparently some special anniversary for him or something, I don't know and he didn't tell me. He only wanted me to make sure I invited everyone to his estate. I do know that Bacchus is providing fountains flowing with the sweetest wine. So far everyone has agreed to go. What do you say sister?"

She had no problem with going. She was in good terms with her brother Terminus, so she couldn't see a reason not to go.

"We would be delighted to go."

Mercury's face fell; both women knew instantly why.

"I love you sister, and I've grown rather fond of you as well Nerata'ari. I want nothing but your complete happiness and wish you both an eternity of bliss beyond measure. But I doubt all of our siblings would accept your love. To them it's bad enough you're committed to another woman, but to add the fact that she's a mortal to it would push many over the edge. I'm not sure you two would be welcomed by everyone."

"We go together or we don't go at all." Sekhmet replied flatly. 

Mercury smiled, "This is why I love you dearest."

Sekhmet shot him a warm smile.

"I'll inform him you're both coming." He turned to Nerata'ari, "I want to apologize in advance for my siblings, some will accept you, most won't. Some will give you silver tongued platitudes of friendship, others pure venom. I'll do my best to smooth things over now, and to protect you later." 

"Thank you" both women said simultaneously.

"I'd be remiss if I didn't do my best to take care of the two most stunning women in the universe" he said with a devilish grin.

Nerata'ari blushed more than she thought possible. 

"I'm assuming everyone will be there?"

"Terminus has no quarrel with anyone, so I can't see a reason there won't be full family reunion."

"Who do you see giving us a hard time?" Sekhmet asked.

"Anubis will surely have an issue with your love, given his repugnant disdain for humanity. Fenrir, Skoll, and Loki won't be happy with you, and while they won't outright attack either of you given the huge insult it would be to Terminus to start a fight in his home, they won't try making friends either. Cupid still isn't a fan of yours, and considering your love for each other, there's no telling how that will go."

"You've made many enemies in your life," Mercury continued, "any one of them could cause problems. Hou Yi is still pissed with you I'm sure." 

Sekhmet recalled the battle she had with Hou Yi's wife Chang'e after she created a planet full of intelligent beings and attempted to give them all immortality. Not being satisfied with destroying that world through the ecological and sociological nightmares brought on by an entire race of people being immortal, she threatened to do it to all worlds. Sekhmet had no choice but to step in and deal with her.

"Remember Bragi? What did you kill him for again?"

Sekhmet smiled as she looked down at the tattoo of a large man holding a battleaxe. 

"His brother-in-law found out that he was attempting to steal the gift of language back from the humans and tried to stop him. Bragi killed him. Idunn was devastated at the loss of her brother and asked for assistance in killing her husband. Idunn still thanks me for that from time to time. Loki might actually not be happy with me for that as well. He wanted Bragi's head if I remember right."

"Ah yes, yes. I remember now." Mercury looked at Nerata'ari, "It's so terribly difficult to remember all the family drama."

"I can't begin to imagine" she replied with a smile.

"After a few centuries you'll get an idea of just how convoluted it can get."

"Just how many of our deranged siblings have you killed sister?"

"A few dozen at least. Sometimes even I have trouble keeping track."

"I guess it's a pretty safe bet that you have at least that many enemies then, and that's just due to your retribution. There's no telling how many will be upset with you for turning a human into a demigod, for loving a human, and for loving a woman. My dear sister, if I weren't so overjoyed that you've finally found love I'd be terrified for your life. But you know me, I can never let the bad thoughts get me down."

Sekhmet smiled, "Thank you for your concern, but I haven't lived this long and survived this many battles by being weak."

"I know full well you're one of the strongest among us."

Mercury rose and stretched his muscular frame, "I must be going my dears. I'll inform Terminus of your acceptance before I spread the word of his party far and wide."

Departing hugs and kisses were exchanged by all before Mercury left in the same manner as he arrived.

Nerata'ari let the previous few hours sink in. She had just had a friendly conversation with a God. Even though she had been lovers with her Goddess for a little over three years, this still somehow felt different, unreal almost. What made it stranger was that this God seemed to accept not only her, but the love she shared with Sekhmet as well. She wished her brother could have reacted half as well as Mercury did. 

That last thought only made her think of the other Gods and Goddesses. They called each other siblings. Does that mean she's technically their sibling as well? What of the ones that might want to harm her and Sekhmet? The idea of someone attacking the love of her life made Nerata'ari's blood boil. If she could take out a giant wolf just because it was threatening some humans she didn't even know, just wait until they saw what she was capable of if they threatened Sekhmet. 

She was brought out of her daydreams of tearing people to shreds when her dress disappeared. 

"I believe you were doing something before" her lover called from behind her.

Nerata'ari turned around and saw Sekhmet was equally naked. She was laying on one of the divans she had set out for them, her legs spread wide. The fingers of her left hand spread her pussy lips invitingly while those of her right beckoned her.

Nerata'ari instantly became wet with desire. She slowly, seductively, walked up the small staircase towards her lover, her hips swinging just a little more than normal in an attempt to tease her partner. She reached the end of the divan and slowly kneeled, never breaking eye contact. She slowly licked her way up the inside of Sekhmet's leg until she reached her vagina. 

Nerata'ari kept the pace nice and slow, like she had before, slowly flicking her clit with her tongue while she gently massaged her lover's g-spot. She continued at this speed for at least ten minutes, driving Sekhmet crazy. Sekhmet squirmed and moaned, but Nerata'ari maintained her rhythm. She wanted to give her an orgasm so strong she passed out, like she had many times before.

She continued for another five minutes, listening to Sekhmet's moans building in intensity. She could feel her lover's body tense up; her orgasm was coming whether Nerata'ari wanted it to or not.

"Oh fuck babe I'm gonna cum!"

Sekhmet nearly sat straight up as she came hard. She gasped in pleasure before collapsing into the divan.

Nerata'ari smiled in satisfaction as she looked up and saw her partner unconscious. She loved pleasing her as best she could. Nerata'ari climbed up next to her partner, curled her up in her arms, and fell fast asleep.

*****

(Sorry for the delay, the holidays have been insane this year. I should have chapter 7 posted in a week or so. It's shaping up to be the longest one yet.)