 Memphis, Egypt - 3127 B.C.E.

A hot dry wind blew in from the west, making an already scorching day all the more unbearable. Sand from the Sahara desert normally scoured everything in Memphis, but today it seemed almost malevolent. Nerata'ari had to shield her eyes with her gold colored shawl as she lowered a decrepit, but watertight, bucket into the Nile river. Even though she was now her temple's Oracle for her Goddess Sekhmet, the youngest ever, she still preferred to do her own chores instead of ordering one of the lower priestesses to do them. Leadership, to her anyway, meant leading by example. She refused to act like the last Oracle, always laying around ordering the priestesses to do everything. It got to the point that she completely neglected her duties to the temple. She had even taken a lover, completely forsaking all her vows. Nerata'ari was convinced it was Sekhmet herself that killed her former Oracle out of rage at her behavior. 

She filled a second bucket of water then began she slow and careful walk back to her temple. 

Memphis was the capital, both politically and religiously, of Egypt. It boasted some of the most grand architecture in the world, each building constructed for a different pharaoh trying to outdo his predecessor, all the way back to Menes. She made it slowly through the crowd in front of the giant alabaster sphinx guarding the Hut-ka-Ptah, the largest temple in Memphis. It was dedicated to Ptah, the Lord of Eternity. His temple behind the sphinx was a tall building with sloped walls resembling a pyramid with it's top half removed. It was made of white limestone and had numerous vertical openings in the walls to flood its inner chamber with light. The interior was dominated by a thirty foot tall statue of the God while the surrounding walls were covered with painted hieroglyphics depicting the deeds of Ptah. The story of how he created the earth, Nerata'ari's favorite, took up one entire wall of the structure. 

She continued her walk toward her temple, passing through the market in the center of the city. Vendors yelled at every passerby, trying to hawk their wares as best they could. Nerata'ari could smell all sorts wonderful aromas coming from food and spice sellers, overpowering the smells of all the sweaty bodies around her. At the far end of the market were scantily clad women selling their only possession in the world. Nerata'ari pitied them. She and the oracles before her had tried to recruit these girls out of this life. Some had joined, others not. The ones that had all told the same stories about brutal treatment. Being robbed and raped was an almost daily occurrence. The women that continued in that line of work only did so for one of two reasons, she feared a man, or thought she was beyond redemption.

The crowd was thicker than normal with everyone preparing for the upcoming festival. Sekhmet had once come close to destroying all of humanity, but was stopped by Ra, who dyed beer the color of blood, getting her incredibly drunk. Every year at the beginning of the year all of the city's inhabitants celebrated by getting incredibly drunk. People thought they were celebrating their savior from her, and this was partly true. Sekhmet was a warrior Goddess who did nearly destroy all mankind. But what they don't realize is that her wrath, while horrendous in the end, was first meant to protect humanity from the evil that had begun to insinuate itself throughout all civilizations. Sekhmet is the divine protector of humanity, dispensing her judgement upon the wicked. She was always associated with the color red, from the red sandstone walls of her temple, to the ankle length red dress Nerata'ari currently wore, representing the blood of her enemies; the enemies of mankind.

Nerata'ari no sooner arrived at the outer wall of her temple grounds before she was nearly bowled over by a group of street urchins. She smiled as a young boy ran past, at play with his friends. In another life she would have loved to be a mother, but she had taken a vow of celibacy in order to serve her Goddess. It was a steep price, but one she was willing to pay. She always had her nieces and nephew to dote over when she had free time. 

The temple to Sekhmet wasn't as tall as the Hut-ka-Ptah, but it had a much larger footprint. It had vertical walls made out of red sandstone mined from the hills Gebel el Ahmar. Its main interior chamber stood twenty feet tall, and was five times wider. Statues of the Goddess, one for every day of the year minus one, lined the walls of the temple. Two rows of vertical columns covered in hieroglyphics held up the roof. Unlike other temples that had sections of wall missing to allow light in, the ceiling was missing large sections, giving it a lattice pattern. There was one main statue cloistered in a sealed room at the far end of the temple. It stood fifteen feet tall and depicted the Goddess in her most sacred form, a tall woman with golden skin, full length red dress, and head of a lioness. In each hand she wielded a solid gold khopesh, a nasty weapon, the first half of which was a typical sword while the bottom half was curved like an axe blade, with a blunt tip used for bludgeoning enemies. No one was allowed in this room except for a few days a year in preparation for the festival.

Nerata'ari was bringing the water to that statue now in order to wash it. She made it about halfway down the temple when she heard a scream. She dropped the buckets and ran as fast as she could. Columns of stone and sunlight raced past her as she heard another scream, but from a man this time. She would have thought it odd if she had the time to think. Men weren't allowed in the temple at all, even during the festival.

She reached the back of the temple and found the double doors to the main statue room partly open and smeared with blood. The bodies of two priestesses lay in the opening to the chamber. Another scream came from within but was cut short by a gurgling sound. Nerata'ari slowly crept towards the doors. She had no way of defending herself, but it was her duty as Oracle deal with the situation. She hesitantly looked around the edge of the door and gasped. Bodies of men and women lay strewn all over the room, blood coating nearly every surface. Crumpled up at the foot of the statue was a man, still choking on his own blood. Standing above him was an exact duplicate of the statue he was dying under. Nerata'ari was sure it was her Goddess in the flesh. With her red dress, golden hued skin, khopeshes dripping blood, and head of a lioness she could be no other than Sekhmet herself in human form.

Before Nerata'ari could react Sekhmet spun around, fixed her oracle in her gaze, and let out a roar so loud it shook the entire temple. 

Nerata'ari threw herself onto the floor, kneeling with her face inches from the floor and her arms outstretched before her, she began to recite the first prayer that entered her mind.

"Rise" Sekhmet commanded. Her voice seemed to ring from every stone and every bit of dirt and dust in the temple. It even sounded to Nerata'ari that it came from within her own head. 

The young Oracle stood up and looked upon her Goddess. Sekhmet slowly walked toward her, lowering her swords. She shook her head and it morphed from that of a lioness into a beautiful woman with jet black hair down to her waist. He skin lost most of its metallic shine and changed to a more natural looking bronze hue, similar to Nerata'ari's own color. Nerata'ari bowed her head as low as it would go, fighting the temptation to throw herself on the floor again.

"Do not fear me" Sekhmet said, her voice resounding throughout the great hall, causing Nerata'ari to flinch. "I'm sorry" the Goddess apologized in a normal sounding voice, "I forgot how powerful my voice is to a mortal." Sekhmet let out a sigh, "We're both lucky you were out gathering water just now or these tomb robbers would have killed you as well."

The Oracle looked up in shock at the idea that she was still alive out of sheer dumb luck. 

"Don't worry, you're safe now" Sekhmet reassured her. She looked around at all the carnage that lay before her, the look of remorse spread across her face. "I've watched you and this temple from afar for a long time. I wish I had been watching closer."

Nerata'ari looked around her. She had known some of these girls since she was a small child. They had all grown up together in the temple, priestesses in training. They were like sisters to her. She began to weep uncontrollably. A feeling of guilt washed over her, but it wasn't the guilt of a criminal. She felt as though she should be lying dead next to her sisters. She didn't deserve to live due to some mistake, some twist of fate. Rage soon began to well up inside her. None of these women deserved to die, and for what, some gold! She fought back the urge to grab a khopesh out of Sekhmet's hand and hack all the dead robbers to pieces. She saw the futility in this and began to despair again. She couldn't do anything to help her sisters and there was no one left to punish. Nerata'ari collapsed to her knees, looking around at the carnage, she felt completely helpless.

Sekhmet kneeled in front of her Oracle and embraced her for a long time, just letting her cry on her shoulder. They released each other after what seemed like hours, looking completely disheveled. They both spent the time crying into each other's hair and neck, their dresses testifying to the tears they shed for their fallen loved ones. 

The Goddess couldn't read minds, but didn't need to to understand the emotions on her Oracle's face. "I'm sorry for all the sisters you lost today. I'm sorry I didn't get here sooner."

Nerata'ari just shook her head at the thought, then looked down at her knees and sobbed.

Sekhmet gently put a hand under her chin and lifted her face and looked deeply into her eyes. They both noticed that they had the same dark brown eyes. "I'm very sorry I have failed you and your sisters" the Goddess emphasized. Nerata'ari began to shake her head again, but Sekhmet stopped her with a slight, almost loving, pressure on her chin. "Please forgive me" the Goddess implored, lowering her head until it rested in the Oracle's lap.

Nerata'ari's head began to spin. Her Goddess, who she worshipped her entire life was begging for her forgiveness? A mere mortal? Of all the things she was capable of, the power she possessed, the things she could have commanded on earth and in all the heavens, and she was prostrate in her lap asking for mercy. Up until this point Nerata'ari wasn't even sure could even feel anything for mortals, or even experience emotions like them. If she hadn't seen her tears and heard her sobs, she never would have known. But if she was capable of so much more than a human, did she feel emotions that much more too Nerata'ari thought. The idea distressed her. If it were true, how much more did her Goddess grieve for her dead sisters?

She hesitantly placed her hands on Sekhmet's back and rubbed gently "Of course I forgive you my queen." Sekhmet shuddered with another sob on hearing those words. Nerata'ari stroked her hair, trying to fix the mess she had caused.

After a minute of this Sekhmet rose to her feet and looked down at her Oracle. "We have a festival and funerals to prepare for. I know it sounds harsh to talk about the festival in a time like this, it hurts me deeply to say it, but it is our responsibility to the people of this city. We will let them celebrate out there while we mourn in here."

Nerata'ari immediately rose and obeyed her Goddess unquestioningly. 

The two of them worked side by side for the rest of the day cleaning the blood from the temple and seeing to the bodies of the priestesses. During the night Sekhmet took the bodies of the robbers, stripped them naked and hung them by their feet from the outer wall of the compound. To add insult to injury, she sliced off their genitals and shoved them in their mouths. In their blood she wrote the word "defilers" on the wall underneath them. The following morning word of the scene spread like wildfire throughout the city. Nerata'ari stood atop the wall and told the crowd that had gathered outside the sealed doors of the events that occurred the previous day. She spared no detail in recounting the story, whipping the crowd into such a frenzy with her raw emotions that they ripped the bodies down, hacked them to pieces, and threw them outside the city to be fed on by scavengers. Nerata'ari reassured the crowd that there would still be a celebration the next day even though the temple would be closed. The next morning the citizens awoke to find hundreds of barrels of the finest wine they had ever tasted lined up around the outside walls of the temple grounds.

Sekhmet and Nerata'ari worked for weeks mummifying the priestesses bodies. The process was entirely new to the Oracle, and she had a difficult time removing her sisters organs, so Sekhmet took over the more gruesome duties. Weeks turned into months as the bodies were prepared for their final burial. Sekhmet provided food for the two of them every morning so neither had to leave the temple until the ceremony was finished.

The two women grew close together during this time. Despite the fact that one was a Goddess and the other swore to serve her for life, a change in the power dynamic occurred. Nerata'ari still followed commands from her Goddess unflinchingly, but those same commands now came further between, in a softer tone, and in the end became requests. By the time the mummification was almost completed they had become friends.

The morning of the burial Nerata'ari awoke to find nine solid gold sarcophagi at the foot of the main statue. Each was covered in hieroglyphics telling the story of the future occupants life and deeds carved into it, then painted to highlight their intricate details. The lids for each sarcophagus were lying on the floor in front of them. They all had hieroglyphics on the lower parts, with a head sculpted to look just like the inhabitant did in life. They were by far the most beautiful things Nerata'ari had ever seen in her twenty two years on earth.

The two of them loving laid each priestess in her sarcophagus, followed by her organs, then any possessions she held dear. Nerata'ari gasped, staring in amazement as with nothing but a wave of her hand Sekhmet caused each of the lids, weighing well over a thousand pounds each, to rise up into the air and settle gently on the sarcophagi. A flash emanated from the seems as Sekhmet willed them sealed. They exited into the larger chamber, where Sekhmet willed the large wooden doors to the smaller chamber sealed as well.

"It's done" she said, turning to her young Oracle.

Nerata'ari nodded her head while silently weeping. She may not have hurt as much as the day they were killed, but she didn't think it was possible for the pain to ever fully go away. Her guilt at being the only survivor wouldn't abate either. She still had troubled dreams in which she's surrounded by the ghosts of her sisters. They blamed her for their deaths. She felt deep down that she should be lying in a sarcophagus next to them. Why should one simple thing like going to fetch water mean the difference between life and death? She was pulled from her thoughts when Sekhmet tenderly wrapped her arms around her and held her tight.

"You still regret living don't you?" Sekhmet asked.

Nerata'ari nodded her head then buried her face into Sekhmet's neck. She dug her fingernails into the back of the Goddess' shoulders and let out a long wail.

"WHY?" she yelled at the top of her lungs, her body convulsing through the scream. Her knees buckled and she would have fallen had Sekhmet not caught her. The Goddess wrapped one arm around the small of her back while she cradled the young woman's head with her other hand.

"Do not wish for death Nerata'ari. I let you and your sisters down, and for that I will always grieve. But do not think that you should have accompanied your sisters in the afterlife. Each one of them, if able to now, would be happy you were still alive. They would all have gladly died for you, as much as you would have for them. They would want you to go on living."

Nerata'ari knew her Goddess spoke the truth. It didn't make the pain go away, but it would help her focus on healing.

Sekhmet interrupted her Oracle's thoughts, "The day it happened, there was a spark in your eyes. I wasn't sure what it was at first, but I saw it again as the crowd dragged away the robbers' bodies." She held Nerata'ari at arm's length, "You wish you could have killed those men don't you?"

Nerata'ari nodded her head. "I know I shouldn't feel it, but I really did want to do something to them. They prey on innocent people... killing them for nothing." 

Sekhmet could see the anger on her face. "I have a way you could help stop things like this, to right many injustices in the world. It comes with a heavy price, one I'm not sure I want to make you pay." She saw the look of confusion her statement elicited. "I can train you to fight, give you the power to help mankind against its own evils as well as that of other Gods. I can make you powerful enough to challenge the evil Gods of this world and all others. Your ba and your ka will never be separated. The hand of Iah will never touch you."

Nerata'ari was thoroughly confused. Her body and soul would never be separated? Iah, the moon God, will never touch her? 

"Do you mean that I will never die, and never grow old?"

"Yes."

Nerata'ari's mind spun. She couldn't imagine how that was even possible, but then reminded herself she was talking to a Goddess. She never knew how to fight, the idea of hurting someone troubled her deeply. But the idea of punishing the guilty did feel good.

"You'll train me how to fight, to kill, those who would hurt others for their selfish gains?"

A warm smile spread across Sekhmet's face, "Yes."

The Oracle looked back at the sealed doors where her sisters lay entombed forever. Something welled up inside her, but she wasn't sure what it was. A sense of purpose? Duty? Justice? Revenge? Righteousness? Salvation? She wasn't sure what it was, but it felt good, much better than she felt in a long time.

"I'll do it."