 Zak walked to Anniel's quarters, just a few doors away from his own. The look on her face when she greeted him at the door didn't bode well.

She wants to leave—Anniel sighed into his mind.

"Like hell she is," Zak snarled and made to storm into her rooms, but Anniel gripped his arm and jerked him to a stop.

Zak frowned at her.

"She's been crying for the past ten minutes, Goliath. Go easy on her," Anniel insisted, brows drawn.

Zak blinked, eyes wide. His precious girl? Crying? Tearing his arm from Anniel's strong grip, he finished rushing into her living room.

Alluna sat in the middle of the circular seating area, her back against the deep fuchsia sofa and toes buried in the furry white rug below her. His pretty girl had her arms wrapped around her middle with her knees drawn up and head bowed. Her hiccupping little sobs tore at his heart.

Leaping over the back of the sofa to land sitting on the cushions, he reached for her. "Baby, tell me what's wrong," he crooned pulling her onto his lap.

Startled, she resisted a moment, but he gentled her with soft kisses all over her face and mouth. With a shudder, she finally gave in and clung to him, burying her face in his neck.

Zak rocked her in his arms, one arm wrapped around her back, the other buried in the silky hair at her nape. He brushed a kiss to the top of her dark head. "Why are you crying? Tell me, sweetheart."

"I know...about you now," she hiccupped.

Zak stiffened, dread making his heart almost stop in his chest. "What do you know about me, baby?"

She sniffled, her sweet body trembling with distress. He felt her little fingers fist a lock of his hair. He pressed her tighter against his body. "Y-you're a famous rock star," she finally got out.

Zak frowned. That was the last thing he'd expected her to say. Disentangling her arms from around him, he set her back to look into her eyes.

Her eyes were swollen, her nose red and runny. Alluna's eyes brimmed with fresh tears as she stared at him, her lower lip quivering.

Zak wiped the two fat teardrops that made their way down her splotchy cheeks. "You're crying because I'm a famous rock star?" he asked incredulously.

She nodded her breath hitching in her throat as more tears began rolling down her cheeks.

Again, he wiped them away, shaking his head with a smile. "Baby, that doesn't mean anything."

Her eyes suddenly flashed as she pushed his hands away. "Why did you rescue me? Am I like some pathetic little animal you took pity on? If it hadn't been for Remien Fyre...damn it all. I'm so stupid."

Zak felt anger shoot through him. He'd wanted to be the one to show her the things she had no knowledge of. Zak gripped her arms and gave her a little shake. "Don't ever refer to yourself as stupid, Alluna." He grated, making her flinch. "You're just an innocent girl."

Her moment of shock passed, her gorgeous golden eyes lighting with hot anger. She tried to wrench free from his hold. "I'm stupid. Stupid-stupid-stupid, and...and pathetic. I mean nothing to you—"

Zak flipped her over his knees so fast she screamed in surprise. He pulled the long, pink t-shirt Anniel had loaned her up to bare her sweet bottom.

She screamed in outrage when he flattened one palm over her back to keep her down. Her pretty ass squirmed making him grin. "You beast. Let me up."

Zak caressed her tight, round ass; so pretty. "When you refer to me, you will do so with respect."

"Fuck you," she spat making his brows shoot up to his hairline.

He wanted to laugh. She had spirit, he'd give her that...and this too...

He lifted his hand and smacked her right ass cheek with a stinging slap. She jerked in his hold as he delivered five more slaps, alternating between cheeks. Her caramel-colored buttocks were warm and red now, making his cock grow stiff between his legs.

"Furthermore, you will never—ever-ever use derogatory words when referring to yourself," he punctuated his words with slaps to her ass, "nor defy me," smack "nor tell me" smack "fuck you." Smack-smack. "The only" smack "word" smack "that will follow fuck" smack-smack "from your lips" smack "is the word me—as in fuck me, master." Smack-smack-smack. "Do you understand, Alluna?"

She sobbed brokenly, making his chest tighten. He hadn't hit her hard enough to cause her real pain. He was sure her pretty little ass just stung from his attentions. "Answer me."

"Yes," she snapped in anger.

"Yes, what?"

She tried once more to wiggle off his lap, but he pressed his palm harder against the small of her back.

She finally went limp with a shuddering sob. Her head bowed, the gloss of her hair a spill of black satin on the furry white rug. "Y-yes, sir," she cried brokenly.

Her tears melted his heart. He smoothed his hand over her reddened rump, one finger following the seam until he slid one finger into her tight heat.

Alluna gasped and bucked on his lap. He almost groaned, feeling how wet she was. He frowned looking at the back of her head. His punishment had aroused her?

"Open your legs for me," he demanded.

"No, please—"

"Alluna," he snarled, "obey me."

With a shudder, she spread her thighs. He cupped her pussy, feeling her wetness and heat in his palm. Her hand wrapped around his ankle. She whimpered as a shiver ran through her.

Zachariel lifted his hand and this time delivered the slap closer to her pussy. She cried out when he gave her four more. Again, he slid his finger through her folds. Alluna was drenched. Zak pumped his fingers into her and she rotated her hips with a throaty moan. Her inner muscles gripped his fingers within their quivering depths.

Hell, fucking her would be pure heaven. His cock ached to be buried in her tight cunt. He strummed her clit making her buck on his lap. He could feel she was close to the edge.

Zak spread her honey back to her rosette. She tensed when he began to tease her rear opening.

"No. Please, not there," she begged.

"Give me one good reason why not."

"It's...it's...dirty," she whined.

"Not good enough. Your little pucker is clean. The hygiene unit in my room cleaned both of us a while ago."

"But-but..."

Again, she jerked in his hold when he teased her clit and anal star simultaneously. The pleasure made her arch back making him grin when the muscles of her sphincter loosened.

Alluna let out a low groan when he finally breached her ass with one finger. He sank into her knuckle deep before giving her a few light slaps with his other hand over her spread pussy. Her wetness dripped from his fingers. He strummed her clit again, feeling his balls ache for release. She was panting, moaning and begging. He struck her pussy again and she came apart on the third slap, screaming his name.

She trembled, shudders wracking her sweet little body. He gripped her arms and pulled her up to sit on his lap once more. She could barely hold herself up. Alluna was still panting, her cheeks and lips flushed and face wet from her tears. Her dark hair tumbled about her shoulders like a silken veil as she stared at him with her luminous eyes. So fucking beautiful.

"Also, don't ever say you mean nothing to me," he finished feeling every inch of his cock throb painfully in the confines of his leather pants.

He gripped the back of her neck, fingers tangling in her tousled hair and dragged her to him. He took her mouth, his tongue spearing into the heart of it to plunder the sweetness within.

She clung to his shoulders while he devoured her. He felt her fingernails digging into his meaty biceps as she pressed her breasts into his chest. His desire for her was a living inferno running through his veins.

Fire.

Zak pulled away from her.

Control. He needed to keep control of himself. He had a bad habit of igniting things in the heat of the moment. Most times he'd lost his head, he'd been tangled up in his bed with a dozen or so women in the dead of night. Consequently, when some random part of the space station went up in flames, everyone always assumed it had been Remien Fyre having some bad dream.

He ran the pad of his thumb over her quivering lower lip. Her mouth was swollen and wet from his kisses. He imagined another part of her being in the same state and bit back a growl of lust, his cock twitching in his suddenly too tight pants.

"Let's get you cleaned up. I think this time I'll fill up the sunken tub. You'll enjoy soaking a while in some nice warm water."

He scooped her up in his arms and strode out of Anniel's quarters. His Alpha Angel sister had left them alone. A good thing for her because Zak wouldn't have changed a single thing he'd done had she chosen to stay. Having an audience didn't faze him in the least.

