 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both.

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different.

† † † † †

"You're driving, Chelsea," our mom said as she and I climbed into the back of the car.

"Mom!" my sister whined.

"You're driving," our mom repeated, this time with a little more force. "Don't worry, I promise not to tire him out on the way home."

As Chelsea begrudgingly climbed into the driver's seat, mom slid across the back and kissed me hard.

If that confuses you, you need to go and catch up with my earlier adventures because I'm not going to be wasting time paraphrasing what's been going on in my life lately.

Mom and I made out as Chelsea drove off from the hospital where they'd just picked me up and right at that point, I think I was the happiest I'd ever been. My hands roamed over mom's body for a moment or two before I gleefully cupped both her huge tits, the firm, round, fake mounds filling my hands with plenty to spare.

"God, they feel so good," I sighed.

"They taste pretty good, too," she said with a laugh.

It didn't take a genius to get the hint and I happily opened up her shirt as quickly as I could before once more filling my hands with her tits, pulling the cups of her lacy bra down and rubbing my thumbs over her hardening nipples. Eventually I broke our kiss and leaned down, kissing along the tops of her huge tits, each one easily as big as her head and yet firm and high on her chest.

"That's it, baby," she said, cradling my head. "Suck on Mommy's big titties."

I did just that, sucking at her small, rock hard nipples, moving from one to the other and back again, holding her tits up and - if I'm honest - making an absolute pig of myself with them. My mom and Chelsea had offered themselves to me on a plate the last time I was in Pornoland and I'd refused - I sure as hell wasn't making the same mistake again.

"No fair, you guys," Chelsea called over her shoulder from the front seat. "You're having fun without me."

"Eyes on the road, baby," mom said as I continued sucking and gently biting at her hard nipples. "You can have your fun when we get home. She can, can't she, Alex?" she asked me, moaning as I sucked extra hard on one teat. "You're going to fuck your little sister, aren't you?"

"I'm going to fuck both of you," I said, lifting my head from her tits and kissing her hard. "Mouth, tits, pussy, ass - I'm going to fuck you both until none of us can stand. We got a lot of time to make up for."

"Mmmm, I like the sound of that," mom said, reaching over and grabbing my by now rock hard cock through my shorts. "I can't wait to get this inside me. In fact - "

She unzipped my cargo shorts and reached inside, grabbing my big dick and trying to pull it free. I helped her by unbuttoning my shorts and pushing them out of the way, letting her lift my huge, pornstar cock from my crotch, stroking it up and down.

"God, I love how big you are," she said appreciatively before bending over and sliding her lips over the throbbing, pre-cum leaking knob head. She moaned deep in her throat as she took me in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down, sliding her lips and tongue over my cock. She'd only done this once before - with me, I mean, she'd sucked loads of cock in her time as a top pornstar - and she seemed determined to take her time and enjoy it.

I sighed as my mom slid her lips up and down my shaft, the head of my cock bumping into the back of her throat every now and then. Spit ran down my thick length to meet her hand at the base and she used it as lube to slowly jerk off what she wasn't sucking. I looked over at Chelsea in the driver's seat and smiled as I saw her snatching glances at us in the mirror, one hand on the wheel, the other rubbing between her legs.

Mom took my dick out of her mouth and looked up at me.

"I want you to fuck me," she said. "I can't wait till we get home. Fuck me now."

"Mom!" Chelsea whined from the front of the car.

"You'll get your turn," mom said. "God knows there's enough here to share," she said, jerking my cock. She let go of it long enough to reach behind herself and unzip her skirt, pushing it down to the floor, revealing her long legs clad in black stockings and her shaved, hairless pussy.

"No panties, mom? Shame on you," I said with a smile.

"I doubt I'll ever be wearing panties around you again," mom said, staring hungrily at my cock. "Now get over here and fuck me," she said, sliding back across the seat so her back was against the door, her legs spread wide.

I pushed my shorts off and shuffled between her legs, my throbbing cock bouncing and leading the way until I was knelt - a little awkwardly, I have to admit - between my mom's legs. I took hold of my dick and aimed it at her twat, slowly running the big head between her warm, soaking wet cunt lips.

This was it, I realised - this was what I'd avoided the first time I was here in Pornoland, what I'd apparently resisted doing all the years before I woke up here, despite my mom's enthusiasm. I looked at her - stocking clad legs spread, shirt open to the waist, the cups of her bra pulled down to reveal those huge, fantastic tits of hers, a look of unbridled lust on her face - and wondered if I'd been a little bit mad last time round.

"You're not having second thoughts are you, baby?" she asked nervously as I hesistated for a moment.

"Fuck no," I said with a smile and slid my big cock into my mom's tight little pussy, the thick shaft going balls deep on the first thrust.

"Aaahhh - ahhhhhhhh!" mom sighed, her eyes going wide as I finally, after all her pleading, fucked her. "Oh my God - oh Alex - Alex, baby," she cried as I slowly moved, sliding my dick in and out of her pussy.

"You lucky bitch," Chelsea said from the driver's seat as she moved the big saloon through the traffic, desperate to get home.

"Don't worry, Chels," I said as I looked down at our mother beneath me as I fucked her slowly. "I remember my promise to you."

"What promise?" she asked, desperate to look over her shoulder.

"Mom gets my dick in her pussy first," I said, rolling my hips as I pushed my big tool back inside my mom. "But you get it up the ass before her."

"You hear that, mom?" Chelsea called. "Alex is going to fuck my ass before yours!"

Honestly, I'm not sure our mom did hear her words - her eyes had rolled back a little in her head and she was just moaning in time with my long, slow thrusts, a big smile on her face.

"You okay there, mom?" I asked her.

She seemed to come back out of her daze and smiled up at me. "Oh God - Alex, I don't think I've ever been better," she said.

I leaned down and we kissed, tongues sliding over each other as I cupped her huge jugs and continued fucking her slowly.

"How's that feel?" I asked her, shoving my entire cock inside her pussy and holding it there, feeling her hot, tight and juicy cunt grip my whole length.

"So good," she sighed. "So fucking good." She reached down between us and grabbed what she could of the base of my cock, trying to encircle it with her thumb and forefinger, not quite managing it. "Fuck you're so thick," she said. "God I've wanted this for so long."

I braced my hands on the back of the seat the and door - sadly I had to let go of mom's great tits - and started working my cock back and fore, fucking her a little faster with each move. We both looked down and watched as her slippery pussy lips were split wide by the girth of my cock, her cunt clasping my length tightly.

My sex life back in the Old World had been limited to say the least with my small dick and lack of any sort of staying power. Here in Pornoland, though, I was blessed with a big dick and the control to use it. Why the hell did I listen to that asshole in black last time?

"We're almost home, guys," Chelsea called over her shoulder.

"Fuck me, Alex," mom said. "Fuck Mommy - make me cum before we get home!"

I grinned at her and speeded up my thrusts, shoving my entire cock in and out of her twat time and again, watching as her huge tits jiggled on her chest in time with our fucking.

"Oh yeah - oh that's it, baby - ahhhhhh fuck, yeah - yeah, fuck Mommy - fuck Mommy hard."

I did as she asked, stuffing my cock deep inside her, fucking her as hard and fast as I could in the slightly cramped conditions in the car. I know back in the Old World I'd have cum well before now but here in Pornoland I felt like I could go on until I wanted to cum.

Talking of cumming, my mom started shuddering and gasping, clenching her teeth and moaning as I continued fucking her.

"Nearly there," Chelsea shouted.

"Me too," mom grunted. She looked up at me again. "Can you - uuuhnnnnn - can you hold yours?"

"Sure," I said cockily.

"Good - ohhh fuck - want it - want it - uuuhnnnannnn - at home," mom gasped. "Oh fuck - do it, Alex - fuck Mommy! Make me - cummmmm!"

And just as Chelsea pulled the car up the drive, our mother came on my cock, her pussy muscles gripping my shaft tightly as she moaned, gasped and writhed in ecstasy. I kept fucking her throughout her orgasm, slowing down as I did, letting her catch her breath and relax.

By the time Chelsea got out of the car and opened the back door, I'd helped mom move so that she wasn't going to spill out on to the drive. My sister looked in at us, both still half naked, my cock still stuffed up our mother's pussy.

"God - you lucky bitch," she said again, staring at our mother.

"Take me inside, Alex," mom said. "I want to watch you fuck your sister up the ass."

How many men have heard their mother say that to them, I wondered. And there was no way I was going to do anything other than what she demanded, of course.

I slid my big dick out of her pussy - making her moan in disappointment - and watched as she clambered out of the car, not bothering to put her skirt back on or do her blouse back up. Our house was in the middle of fucking nowhere so I figured what the hell and just climbed out after her, picking my shorts up but not wearing them, my still hard cock bobbing around in front of me as I followed my mother and sister into the house.

No sooner was I through the door than Chelsea fell to her knees, grabbed my cock and unceremoniously stuffed my big knob head between her lips, purring contentedly. She forced herself on to it until she gagged, letting it fall from her mouth while she spat on it, looking up at me as she smeared her spit up and down my cock.

"I love the taste of mom's pussy on your cock," she said with a smile.

"That's just as well," I said, stroking her hair, guiding her mouth back to my dick. "I've a feeling you're going to be tasting it a lot from now on."

I thrust my dick gently in and out of her mouth for a moment before our mom reached down and prised it from Chelsea's lips, tugging it gently, making me follow her as she walked away.

"Come on," mom said, Chelsea hurrying after us. "Living room. Now."

She led us into the large living room just off the main hall and pushed me on to one of the sofas, pulling my T-shirt off as she did, leaving me naked. Chelsea instantly crawled up next to me on her hands and knees and went back to sucking on my cock, sliding her head up and down my shaft as I watched our mom lose the last of her clothes except her stockings.

"Chelsea?" she said as she knelt on the floor between my legs, reaching for my cock once again, easing her daughter's mouth off it. "Get undressed."

Chelsea whined a little as she stood, reluctantly allowing mom to suck hard and lovingly on my cock. She smiled at me as I watched her slip out of her tiny skirt and almost non-existent G-string before she slowly pulled her tight T-shirt over her head, her huge, round, fake tits barely covered by a small bikini top. She licked her lips as she reached behind her and undid the string at the back, whipping it off and throwing it to one side. My pornstar sister cupped her enormous fucking tits and lifted first one then the other up to her mouth, her long tongue snaking out and licking at her own nipples in turn.

"You like these big titties, big brother?" she asked.

"Hell yeah," I said, mom still bobbing her mouth up and down on my cock. "Bring them over here and wrap them round my cock."

Chelsea giggled and quickly knelt at my side. It was her turn to move our mother aside, mom shifting over and holding my dick upright as Chelsea did as I instructed and wrapped her huge fake jugs around my cock. As she started sliding her big mounds up and down my cock, I again cursed the son of a bitch in black who convinced me last time that this was the wrong thing to do.

"Oh baby, that looks so good," mom said, watching Chelsea tit fuck me. She leaned in and Chelsea slowed her movements, allowing mom to kiss and suck on her nipples. She looked over at me while I sat there, the biggest fucking grin on my face. "You want to fuck her, baby?" she asked me. "Want to finally fuck your sister?"

"Just you try and stop me, mom," I laughed.

Chelsea let my cock fall from between her tits as she stood and swung a leg over me, straddling my waist and slowly lowering herself down, mom aiming my cock at her twat. I took hold of Chelsea's huge tits in both hands and sucked on her nipples, moving from one to another, loving the feel of the heavy, firm orbs. I felt the head of my cock slip inside her sopping wet cunt, her tight pussy clinging to every inch as she moved lower and lower. She looked down at me, her eyes widening as she took more and more of my cock.

"Fuck - fucking hell - so big," she moaned, starting to slide her pussy up and down my shaft, her slippery fuck oils easing the motion. "Oh God - fuck, Alex - ahhhhhhnnnn - fuck, you're big," she sighed, her hands clenched into fists on my chest.

"You wanted it, Chels," I said, still making a meal of her huge fucking tits. "Hope you like it."

"Oh my God - oh my fucking God," she said, starting to move faster and faster up and down my cock until her pussy lips started bumping into mom's hand as she still held the root of my cock. "Aahhhahhhhh - so good - so fucking good," she groaned.

Mom took her hand from my dick and put both of hers on Chelsea's hips, pulling her right down to the base of my cock, sending her balls deep on my cock.

"Oooohhhh fuck - yesyesyeysyes!" she babbled. "Fuck me, Alex," she cried. "Fucking fuck me!"

Mom raised Chelsea's hips a little so I could start pumping my own, stuffing the whole of my cock into my sister's cunt over and over again, hard and fast, just as she liked it. My balls slapped up to smack her ass, my hands clutched at her huge tits and we kissed as I fucked my sister, bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.

"Mmmmmfff - fuck - fucking yes!" she cried as I plowed my big cock deep up her cunt time and again. "Fucking - cumming!" she screamed, her pussy clamping down on my dick even tighter than it was already. I felt mom slip first one, then a second finger into Chelsea's asshole, her digits sliding alongside my cock, sending Chelsea wild until she collapsed on to my chest, gasping for breath.

As I had with our mom, I slowed my movements as she recovered, grinning - I swear that grin never left my face the entire time! - as I felt our mom push her up a little and pull my cock from her pussy before eagerly sucking and slurping on it.

"You okay, sis?" I asked her when she raised her head, a big smile on her face.

"Fucking perfect," she said, kissing me softly. "Thank you. That was so worth the wait."

"My pleasure, believe me," I said, telling the truth. "You still want it up your ass?" I asked. Just having the courage to ask that question made me realise just how much my life had changed since arriving back here.

"Can we - can we do that - another time?" she asked. "I'm going to need a lot of lube."

"Sure, no problems," I said. What a nice guy I am, huh?

"Well if you're not going to buttfuck your sister," mom said, taking her mouth off my cock. "How about giving us a load of cum?"

In best porno fashion, Chelsea slid off me and joined our mother on the floor as I stood, slowly stroking my cock. They knelt face to face, their huge tits squashing together as they kissed, making out as I jerked off beside them.

I watched them enact the fantasy of pretty much every teenage guy - two girls kissing and fondling each other. The fact they were mother and daughter and both had huge tits might make the fantasy a little more specialised but fuck it, it worked for me. I stroked my cock a little faster and stepped closer, holding my breath as I felt my balls tighten and my stomach clench.

A split second later and the first shot of spunk spilled from my cock head, splattering against my mom's cheek, laying a thick line across her skin, down her jaw to drop unbroken for a second on to the top swell of her tit. Another joined it, and a third, pearly white jism spreading over her face and sliding down to her tits.

I turned slightly as the fourth and fifth ropes of cream shot out over my sister's face, creating almost a mirror image of the mess I'd left on my mother, the viscous fluid hanging in lumpy strings from her jaw to the tops of her huge tits. Again my cock lurched, delivering yet more spunk over both of them, allowing me to turn from one to the other and back, shooting jizz across them until they looked like the girls I'd seen in bukkake movies in the Old World.

And trust me, as turned on as I was, that's only a slight exaggeration.

I finally slumped on the sofa, my cock half-hard and spent, watching my mother and sister clean each other up. They licked and sucked the cum from each other, swapping it from mouth to mouth, swallowing it or passing it back and fore. I don't know how long it took but when they eventually turned to face me, they were both clean of my jizz and sporting matching smiles.

"So you finally committed incest," my mother said. "How was it for you?"

"Fantastic," I said honestly. "I am definitely going to be making up for lost time if you'll let me."

"Mmmm, no doubt about that," mom said.

"Yeah, you still have to get up my ass," Chelsea said.

"And then mine," mom said. "Think you can manage that?"

"Fuck yeah," I laughed. "Your bed big enough for all three of us tonight, mom?" I asked.

"Definitely," she said.

From the floor came the sound of my phone ringing. I really had no interest in answering it, but Chelsea picked up my shorts, rummaged in my pockets and threw my phone over to me.

The caller ID said Daphne.

"Shit, I gotta take this," I said, hitting answer.

"So you're back," Daphne said.

She'd lied to me the last time I was here in Pornoland, feeding me a line about how I had to make a choice and how, if I fucked my mother and sister, I'd essentially forget who I was. I didn't know whether she was working against the man in black, as she'd claimed, or if she was working with him.

At the same time, she'd sent me the mirror that had allowed me to return.

"Yeah, I'm back," I said.

"Good. We should meet," she said, sounding as if that was the last thing she wanted to do. I kinda knew how she felt.

"That sounds like an idea," I said. "Where and when?"
