 He began undoing the closure to his Master Guardian's uniform. Her wide golden eyes were riveted to his actions, making him ache in anticipation.

Going right for the kill, Zak-o?—Remi snickered in his mind.

Zak clenched his teeth. Get out of my head, Red.

But Remi wasn't the only presence he felt...or heard.

Zak, she's really innocent—Anniel's concern-laced voice chimed in next, making his hands freeze. Why don't you let her stay with me and we can have some girl-talk.

Alluna's big eyes rose to his. No. He wanted to be the one to teach her about the male form and all the beautiful things that can exist between a man and a woman.

Like fucking—Remi laughed.

Zak frowned. I'm not going to fuck her.

Yet—Seth added dryly.

Zak snorted in irritation. Now he understood why Remi hated their mental link. For once, he wanted a little privacy.

Alluna was biting her lip, her gaze flickering from his face to his open fly. He could feel the full length of his cock—pulsing against the material of his pants. He was hard. Very hard, and the girl had never seen a male in full aching arousal. Zak closed his eyes. She'd never seen a male close up—period. The minute he lowered his pants and his unruly dick sprang out, she'd scream her pretty little head off and would never allow him near her.

Maybe Anniel was right and she needed a little girl talk first?

Every dominant instinct in him rebelled against letting another take over. She needed to trust him, depend on him for everything.

He turned and lowered his pants to his knees at the same time he sank back down on the bed. He turned to look at her over his shoulder.

"I'm going to lie next to you, Alluna. I want you to look your fill. Touch and learn me. Do you understand me?"

Her lip quivered. "Y-yes."

"I do not want you to be afraid of me. I will not hurt you."

He waited until she nodded and then slowly lowered back.

Her eyes followed his movement until the slippery feel of the coverlet cushioned his back. He bent his arms over his head as he took a deep breath. Alluna stared in fascination at the way his chest expanded, lower to the movement of his abs pulling in before relaxing with his exhale, and then her gaze widened as she looked down at his erection.

For a moment, she looked as though she'd bolt, but he remained relaxed and just smiled at her.

"See? It's not a snake. It's just flesh and blood like the rest of me."

She sat up, her face coming closer to his rigid flesh. He bit the insides of his cheeks in an attempt to keep from laughing as she frowned at his cock. "It's like...like a tail, but in the front," she finally said.

Zak winced at Remi's bark of laughter in his head. The weredragon's ribald laughter set Zak's teeth on edge. In retaliation, Zak visualized Remien strapped to his favorite spanking bench being tickled until he cried and begged for mercy. The red-haired weredragon shut up quickly. Zak couldn't help grinning when his mental presence disappeared.

He'd been so distracted with his visualization he hadn't realized Alluna reached for him until her fingers wrapped firmly around his cock, jolting him back to the situation at hand.

Zak hissed, his body tensing. Alluna snatched her hand away as if stung.

"You told me to touch you," she admonished with her clenched fist pressed against her chest.

His reaction must have startled her.

"So why are you not obeying me?" he frowned back, but kept his voice soft.

Her eyes widened slightly. "B-but... you... Does it... Did it hurt when I touched you?"

Zak licked his lips. "No, Alluna," he replied, his voice thick with arousal. "It felt good. The feel of your soft hand on my cock excites me."

The slight shift of one brow higher than the other was evidence that she felt perplexed by his words. She didn't understand. He wondered if she'd ever felt aroused; awakened with a pleasant tingle between her thighs.

"Have you ever touched yourself?"

"What do you mean? Like when I bathe?"

"Well, kind of like when you bathe. Do you ever touch yourself other than when you're bathing?"

"I... uh... um..." She chewed her lower lip, her brows furrowing in thought. 

Without seeming to notice, she crossed her arms over her breasts and clamped her thighs shut. Her body made her uncomfortable.

Zak frowned. That would not do.

Reaching out, he grasped her hand gently, and brought it back to his cock. "Touch me, Alluna. Explore me."

Delicate fingers curled around his rigid penis. They stroked him lightly from tip to root, her eyes darting warily to his for a moment. He had to stifle a groan when her searching fingers found and cupped his balls.

"What is this?"

Zak swallowed before taking a deep breath. "It's called various things. The correct term would be testes. All male humanoids have them."

Alluna frowned, tentatively lifting them, testing their weight. Zak wanted to spread his thighs, arch his back and demand she suck...control, Zak-o—he chided himself mentally.

"They feel cool to the touch," she murmured rolling them softly in her palm. "What is it for?"

Zak remembered her mother's cruel description of copulation to the girl. Alluna needed to know the truth.

"I produce sperm there."

Alluna's gaze flew up to his, confusion shining in their molten depths.

"My seed. My testes make sperm. When I'm very...excited, my seed erupts," Zak touched the tip of his penis, "from here."

Her frown deepened. "How awful that sounds."

Zak grinned. No, Alluna. It's very pleasurable for me."

"So whenever you're...excited, your seed erupts?"

"If I want it to, yes."

Her eyes stared back down at his erection and a little shudder of pleasure made it twitch when she licked her lips.

"Can I see?" she asked looking at him wide eyed.

Zak swallowed—God.

Clearing his throat, he extended his hand. "Give me your hand."

