 The scent of food lured Alluna from slumber. With a yawn, she sat up rubbing the sleep from her eyes, and then frowned at her surroundings.

The coverlet she sat on was deep, dark, gold satin. Her eyes widened as she gazed at the floor, which was a glossy black. It reflected the sunken lights in the pearl colored ceiling. The bed was round—enormous—and sat on a pedestal that glowed a soft white. To either side of the bed were frosted glass walls. Alluna made out the flicker of fire in the room beyond the partition to her left, but none of the simple luxury of the room could compare to the breathtaking beauty of space yawning out into eternity beyond the thick glass wall that seemed to run the entire length of the living quarters. Stars, trillions of them, winked and sparkled in the absolute black void.

The glass showed her reflection and made her frown. Alluna looked down at herself, realizing she was still naked. Pushing her fingers into her hair, she blinked in confusion wondering where she was.

She took a deep breath and the scent of citrusy sunshine made her remember...

The angel...or demon.

Eyes wide, she looked left and right, but no one else was in the room.

With a whimper, she hugged her middle and bit her lower lip.

"Alluna."

The deep voice made her squeak in surprise, putting her hand over her racing heart. Her gaze darted to where she could see the flames dancing through frosted glass partition.

"Alluna, come to me."

Swallowing, she hesitated a moment before crawling off the giant round bed.

The shiny black floor was warm beneath her toes to her surprise. She'd expected it to be cold. Nibbling her lip, she headed to where the frosted glass wall ended, about seven paces from the glass wall that held back the vacuum of space. The black gloss of the floor continued across another room beyond the sleeping chamber. A circular seating area surrounded a fire pit in the middle of the large room.

Alluna's eyes were immediately arrested by the sight of her golden angel lounging on the thickly cushioned seat the same shade of gold as the coverlet. His arms were spread out to either side of him, resting on the seat's backrest. His thick hair fell over his shoulders in a cascade of golden waves and his sapphire eyes stared straight at Alluna.

He looked regal, she thought as she crossed her arms over her chest.

"I said come here, Alluna."

The angel frowned, his eyes burning in their intensity.

Her thighs trembled as she took the steps necessary to reach him. There were two steps leading down into the sunken seating area. The fire burned in a wide hole in the center. The warmth of it heated Allluna's backside when she finally stood before...Zachariel.

He held his hand out to her, his gaze softening.

Alluna's gaze ran over the display of muscle and sinew sitting before her. His thighs were as big as her waist, his chest and abdomen sculpted, arms corded. A light sheet laid casually over his loins. Other than that, he was completely naked and beautiful, the fire casting a golden glow to his tanned skin.

The sight of one brow arching, reminded Alluna that he was still holding his hand out to her. The second her hand was engulfed in his, he pulled her to sit on his lap.

With a gasp, she pressed her hands against his chest when he fisted a handful of her hair and crushed her mouth to his.

He devoured her, tongue delving in and out, tasting every inch of her mouth. She could feel his teeth. They were sharp, like fangs, and the heat of his body felt hotter than the fire dancing in the fire pit before them.

Alluna felt breathless, her nipples tightening, and a slow throb coming to life between her legs again. She remembered how he'd licked her between her legs and trembled.

Zak released her—or rather, using his hold on her hair, pulled her head back to look into her eyes.

"Are you hungry, Alluna?"

That deep voice sent shivers down her spine as she stared at him, her mouth still agape from the hungry kiss.

Her stomach rumbled as if trying to answer him. She clapped her hands over it, feeling her cheeks heat. The corner of his lip kicked up a bit in amusement.

Turning his gaze from her, he looked over to his left.

Alluna gasped in shock when she saw a tray laden with bite-sized food hovering to them. It settled softly on the golden cushion next to his left thigh.

He picked out an orange cube and popped it into his mouth. Once again, his splendorous blue eyes contemplated her as he chewed. Alluna blinked, wondering if she could eat too. He didn't say if she could share the meal with him. Tentatively, she reached out for one of the morsels.

Zak's hand shot out and gripped her wrist.

Alluna stared into his stern face as her heart sped up.

"I asked you if you were hungry," he stated.

She frowned at him. "Well I guess you must have not heard my tummy rumble."

His eyes narrowed. Keeping his eyes on her, he popped another bite past his lips.

Alluna's stomach rumbled again. She pouted, feeling her eyes moisten.

"The proper response is yes, I'm hungry, sir," he instructed softly.

Alluna's eyes widened. She swallowed, letting her eyes dart to the tray laden with delicious smelling food before looking into his eyes again. "Yes, I'm hungry, s-sir," she whispered.

He smiled. "Good girl."

Grinning, she reached out to grab a treat, only to have her wrist grabbed again. Stunned, she looked up into his stern visage.

"I'll feed you, Alluna."

She tried to pull her hand back but he wouldn't let her go. Anger began to stir inside her. "Why?"

Zak's eyes narrowed. "Because it pleases me." His gaze raked over her before looking into her eyes again. "I want you to place your hands behind your back."

Confusion and a bit of apprehension replaced anger. She shook her head.

His hand smoothed over her back. "Trust me, sweetheart. I'm not going to hurt you."

Alluna chewed the corner of her lip searching his eyes. All she saw was tenderness. Slowly, she pulled her hands behind her back, as he'd instructed. It made her swollen breasts jut out.

His eyes smoldered as one hand reached up to caress her breasts, fingers stroking up the rounded flesh to tweak an erect nipple. A delicious shiver coursed through her body at the sensation.

"Beautiful," he growled.

His head dipped and suckled each nipple, before turning her so that she sat facing away from him.

Alluna gave a little gasp of surprise when he spread his thighs and let her settle between them. Reaching down, he pulled up her knees so that each of her legs draped to either side of his meaty thighs, spreading her out completely.

"W-what are you doing?"

He hushed her, brushing a kiss to her temple. Alluna opened her mouth to protest, but found it full of a bite of food he'd pushed past her lips.

The morsel had a light crunchy outer layer. The inside was a gooey, almost salty substance that tasted very good. She'd never tasted anything like it but found it very pleasing.

"These are my favorites," he said behind her. "They're pizza bites."

She chewed as he stroked her arms. It gave her chills. No one had ever touched her so much.

"Such soft pretty skin," he sighed. "The color of milky caramel."

As she swallowed, she wondered what this milky caramel was. Milk she understood, which made her frown in confusion. She was not white, although she wasn't as dark as mama or the villagers who were deep brown.

He pressed another morsel of food to her lips and she opened for it.

"Mmmm. Such a good, sweet girl."

Alluna shivered at the appraisal. All she was doing was eating from his fingers. She closed her eyes in rapture as sweetness bathed her tongue.

"It pleases me, Alluna, to feel your sweet lips accepting food from my hand," he said as if reading her mind.

As she chewed and swallowed the juicy, sugary, morsel he'd fed her, his hands cupped her breasts and stroked. Alluna arched into the caress with a moan.

"You like when I touch you?"

"Y-yes," she breathed.

"Tell me yes, sir," he whispered into her ear a second before pressing a kiss behind it.

Alluna trembled and hissed when he pinched her nipples. "Y-yes, sir."

One hand abandoned the sweet torment he gave her nipples to press another tidbit to her lips.

This time he gave her a piece of meat, dripping in a tangy sauce. Mama rarely ever gave her meat, so Alluna savored the luxury.

As she savored the moist morsel, his hands stroked down her ribs to caress her thighs. His legs spread farther apart, opening her wide as he slid forward a bit. The feel of his hard erection was evident at her back. The hard shaft of flesh twitched and bucked against the seam of her ass.

As Alluna swallowed the meat, his fingers strayed to her open sex.

"Your pussy is so wet, Alluna."

"P-pussy?"

"Oh, yes." He spread the lips of her sex with one hand as his fingers slid around her folds with the other. He suddenly touched something that sent a jolt through her.

She tried to pull her hands forward to grip his forearms, but found her wrists were somehow bound.

"This is your clitoris."

She cried out when he strummed that sensitive bud of flesh. "Please."

"Please what?" he chuckled behind her circling the sensitive spot that was now throbbing insistently.

"Please, sir," she panted frantically.

He laughed, his lips brushing her neck. "How do you want me to please you, Alluna?"

He circled softly, making her squirm. Whatever he was doing was driving her insane.

"Do you want me to fuck you, Alluna?"

Alluna groaned, but didn't understand.

One thick digit slid deep inside her making her cry out in surprise and then buck against the intrusion.

"I want to fuck you, Alluna," he rasped before placing his sharp teeth at the curve of her neck and shoulder. His deep snarl reverberated through her chest. "Fucking means I open your pretty legs and slide my cock into where I have my finger now." Alluna's eyes widened as she remember how massive his cock was. As if to remind her, it moved against her back again. "Or I could bend you over the back of this sofa and fuck you from behind."

"No. Please. That thing is too big. You'll hurt me."

"It'll hurt a little at first, but then you'll experience pleasure like you've never had before."

She wanted to say no, but he began stroking her clitoris again at the same time he plunged his finger in and out rapidly from her tiny opening. Unable to help herself, she rolled and bucked her hips to his ministrations. Alluna arched her back and pulled at her bound hands, wanting to grip something because she felt ready to fly apart.

He snarled like a beast when her fingers found his cock and gripped it tight.

Alluna moaned brokenly as he growled and snarled behind her, his hips pumping his cock frantically through her tight hold. Her hands felt coated in something slippery, but it didn't matter. All she knew was that the feel of the tight coil was once more pulling in her belly. She bucked frantically, begging, sobbing, her entire body trembling on a precipice of pleasure.

His roar behind her came at the exact moment she wailed as the coil snapped. Tremors shook her and she was aware of a gush of liquid wetting her thighs and his hands. Heat shot up her spine repeatedly and his teeth sank into her neck, the pain making another wave of intense pleasure wash over her.

She continued to tremble in his arms, although her body felt limp. Her breath rasped through her parted lips and she was vaguely aware of Zak lapping her neck. It hurt.

His hand reached up to cup her jaw. Turning her head toward him, he took her mouth in another hungry kiss, the taste of blood prominent on his tongue.

Alluna was still panting for breath when he finally released her.

Her hands were now free and she touched the side of her neck. Her fingers came away stained with blood and she gaped at him. His lips and chin were smeared with blood. "You bit me?"

"I became too excited. You shouldn't have stroked my erection."

She opened her mouth to say something else, but he pushed another bite of food past her lips.

Anger surged through her. She would have spat out the bite of food, but it tasted too good and she was still hungry. Alluna scowled at Zak. "I want to close my legs."

He smirked at her. "I prefer you keep them open. I like the scent of your passion."

Alluna could smell the scent he spoke of, but his words confused her.

He gave her another pizza bite. "After you've had your fill, I'll clean us up. You can either rest a bit or I can take you around the space station and show you around."

"Space station?"

"Alpha 7."

"Are we near Arboria?"

He was silent a moment, but then answered. "No."

She turned to look at him. "Where am I? I need to go home. Mama will be angry with me."

Zak frowned. "You were locked in a tower, Alluna. The people in the nearby village tried to kill you."

She looked away, remembering with a shudder the horrifying experience.

He turned her face back to him. "Why did they hurt you, Alluna?"

"Th-they blamed me for the rains."

Zak closed his eyes and muttered something beneath his breath. He fixed her with his stare once more. "You can never go back there again."

Alluna gasped. "But I must." He scowled now, still, she insisted, "Mama will become angry and punish me."

"Your mother locked you in a tower all your life and left you alone in the midst of dangerous hostile people."

"But I must go back. She'll beat me..."

His eyes flashed making her recoil. "No one will beat you," he rasped. "You're mine now. This is your home. The people who live here are your family."

Alluna stared at him in shock. Mama would find her and beat her. She would hurt him too. Hurt all of them. She needed to get away. But how?

She closed her eyes in misery, cupping her throat. That's when she felt the chain with the golden dragon pendant mama had placed around her throat.

"Alluna," he sighed brushing a kiss to her shoulder. "I'll take good care of you. You can roam free in the space station and we'll travel to other worlds." His fingers traced down her arms. "You'll be happy with me... with all of us."

Alluna knew that if she entranced him, sang the Dragon's Lullaby, and placed the charmed pendant around his neck, she could enslave him to do her bidding. She'd order him to take her back to Arboria and then order him to return to his home and forget her very existence.

A sob caught in her throat as her eyes filled with tears. She would never see him again.

"Alluna?" He turned her face to him as the first tears rolled down her cheeks. With a concerned frown, he turned her to sit sideways across his lap. "Don't cry, baby. Everything's going to be fine. You'll see."

"Baby?"

He smiled even as he stroked away more tears. "It's an endearment."

His hands slid under her and scooped her up into his arms as he suddenly stood. "Let's get cleaned up. I'm going to put a Gorgison cap on you. It'll help you understand they way we speak and put you up to date in things a girl your age should know."

He strode through the sleeping chamber into another room as she clung to him. The feel of his skin felt so wonderful. More tears welled in her eyes. She wanted to kiss him again and feel all the wonderful things he made her body experience.

He chuckled. "You've got the sweetest expression right now. Your lips are all plump and red from our kisses and your eyes are dreamy." His eyes narrowed as he licked his lips. "You look well fucked, although you're still a virgin."

"Virgin?"

He nodded. "You've never taken a man's cock into your pussy."

Again, a curl of fear tightened in her belly. He only chuckled again. "When you're ready I'll take you Alluna. I'm going to be the first man to fuck you."

He set her down in front of him after stepping onto a circular disc in the far corner of the room beyond the bed chamber. There were flat metal buttons on the wall before them as well as a small rectangle. The rectangle blinked to life a flashed a series of symbols she did not understand. She remembered Rayne's stasis cylinder showing similar symbols.

"Activate," Zak stated after touching a few of the buttons on the wall as well as upon the glass of the rectangle. A beam of blue light engulfed them and Alluna had the sensation of tingling pinpricks along her entire body, including her scalp.

The light disappeared as she stared up at Zak. His hair looked glossier, the waves gleaming and more pronounced. The light sheen of sweat he had before had dulled away, showing fresh clean skin.

Alluna shifted her legs and looked down in amazement to see that the sticky mess she'd had between her legs was also gone.

"My hair," she exclaimed noting all her body hair gone. Placing her hand over her bare pussy, she looked up him in alarm.

"I like my women bare." His fingers nudged her hand out of the way and she shivered when he pet her vulnerable flesh. "So plump and sweet, my little virgin's pussy is."Zak's teeth dented his bottom lip as he stared at the juncture of her thighs hungrily.

She sank her fingers into her hair, hoping it was still all there, although she could still feel it brushing her waist. Thick satiny strands surrounded her hands, the feel of it the softest thing she'd ever felt.

He knelt before her and nuzzled her bare pussy. Alluna could feel him sniffing her deeply. He backed her to lean against the wall just before his tongue darted out to lick her again. Alluna cried out at the jolt of immediate pleasure.

"Spread your legs for me. I need to taste you," he growled. " Can't get enough of your pussy. So sweet. So innocent."

Alluna obeyed, spreading her feet apart more. He gripped one thigh and draped her leg over his shoulder, opening her up even more.

Alluna arched her back, sighed, and moaned as Zak's mouth feasted on her aching flesh. The sound of his wet lapping tongue and swallows as he drank the strange fluid her pussy oozed sounded loud in the room.

Panting, Alluna gripped his hair as she felt him use his teeth and tongue on her. How could he enjoy such a barbaric thing? She didn't understand, but the sensation was driving her mad. Her hips bucked and rolled, his hands kneaded her ass.

Say-lick me, Master—she heard his deep voice growl in her head, startling her. Say it—he demanded.

Alluna thought she must surely be losing her mind and whimpered. Zak began to snarl between her legs.

Obey me, Alluna.

She bit her lip and whimpered louder.

Zak pulled away from her, his face enraged.

"What did I tell you to do?"

Alluna trembled before him, unsure of what to say.

He cocked his head to the side, eyes narrowing. "Alluna?"

"But you didn't say anything."

I know you can hear me—he voice growled in her head again.

Better answer him sweetheart—she heard another masculine voice chime in making her gasp.

A strange pressure built against her head. There were whispers around her.

"Open yourself up to us," Zak said stepping closer to her.

She shook her head, rubbing her temples with the tips of her fingers.

Listen closely. Open your mind—his voice said in her mind again.

I don't understand. What does he mean?—she thought pressing herself tighter against the wall.

I hear her, Zak. Impressive.

Good. Now get lost, Remien.

Alluna just stared at him.

"My thoughts are being heard?"

Part of it. We don't go too deep into each other's minds. It's not nice.

Panic gripped her. No. Stop. Don't.

"Easy," he frowned.

I'll sing him the song. He'll like it. Mustn't think anything else.

"Alluna?" His eyes narrowed.

He suspects.

Without allowing her mind to dwell on anything else, she began the Dragon's Lullaby.
