 The second Alluna felt his erupting cock start to swell she'd reared back. Spurts of cum bathed her face, her breasts, and she had to wipe the hot, milky fluid from her eyes and back away some more.

The satin sheets were torn, fluff from the mattress peeking through, but that wasn't what had her eyes popping open as her jaw dropped. Zak's skin looked as if made of gold and his cock had swelled as thick as her arm. The head was different too. It ended in a point rather than the rounded form it had before. His hands twitched and she noted he had claws and his skin was beginning to look scaly. The sheets moved, drawing her attention.

Alluna dashed in terror to the glass wall and curled into a ball. The sheets weren't moving at all. What was spreading out beneath Zak's arching back were a pair of enormous wings that weren't exactly angelic looking.

She stared at him, huddled against the wall. A high pitched screeching sound blared, making her pulse soar. When it suddenly cut off, it left her ears ringing.

Zak's panting was loud now that the alarm deactivated. She watched as his cock shrank back down to normal, though it still remained pointing straight up.

Zak struggled to sit up, the golden wings at his back twitching awkwardly, and then he froze.

Alluna bit her lower lip when she saw the look of terror in his eyes. He turned his head and stared at his wings as if he'd never seen them before. Zak looked more horrified than she felt.

He began to pant again. He yanked the sheets off his legs and stared down at his body and then his hands. Everything was back to normal except...

Her heart leapt into her throat when he suddenly cried out in agony. The wings glowed, shriveled, and seemed to pull into his back. Zak lifted his fists, his face contorted in pain and then he fell forward, bending from the waist.

Two red slashes marred his once perfect skin, but as Alluna approached him tentatively, they began to fade.

She crawled back onto the bed, between his legs and laid her palm on his hot flesh. Zak snapped back up into a sitting position, startling her.

They stared at each other for long moments until he finally spoke.

"I wouldn't blame you if you fear me now."

"You...you were shifting into a dragon?"

He shuddered. "I guess." Zak continued to stare at her with haunted eyes. "I've only shifted completely once in my life and it happened accidentally."

It surprised her to hear him say that. For some reason she thought he shifted into his dragon self regularly.

Zak rose from the bed in agitation. Alluna watched him begin to pace at the foot of the bed, the long braid on his back swaying enticingly against the swell of his backside.

Alluna didn't care if he became angry with her. She dashed out of the bed and clung to him, stilling him in his tracks. His scent and warmth permeated her as her arms squeezed around his waist tighter.

Zak wrapped his arms around her and she felt him brush a kiss to the crown of her head.

"I'm making you more nervous." His hand smoothed over her back, the other caressing the back of her head. "I could never hurt you, Alluna. Please believe me."

She nodded and burrowed deeper into his chest, the fear that somehow mama would find them still haunting her.

A wave of dizziness swept over her and she opened her eyes to see the blue ray of the hygiene machine flowing over them. Zak had teleported them into the hygiene room.

"Alluna, why do you doubt your ability to satisfy me?"

The question took her by surprise.

"Don't evade me by clinging to me and hiding your face." His voice was soft, but he dropped his arms. "I expect an answer."

Slowly she peered up at him, but didn't loosen her hold. She could still feel his erection pressed against her middle.

 *** *** ***