 Alluna disconnected the charging cable from Rayne's glass enclosure. The raven-haired doll laid motionless, as she had for the past moon cycles. Mama had threatened to violently thrash Alluna's hide if she ever allowed Rayne's power to deplete itself.

Alluna peered closer at her. Long sooty lashes rested against rose-kissed cheeks. Rayne's lips were parted slightly, showing a hint of white teeth. The doll's body was swathed in a pale blue cloth as she floated within the glass case with her long black hair flowing like liquid satin around her.

Alluna had seen her eyes open once. She'd forgotten to hook the doll up one time in the very first days mama had left her in Alluna's care. When she'd remembered, Alluna had rushed to the top of the tower. Rayne had opened her eyes. The sparkling blue orbs leaked tears and her mouth worked soundlessly. The doll looked terrified, looked as if she were gasping for breath. Alluna knew a moment of sheer panic and took the thick cord that ran from a glowing metal box in the corner of the tower room. She attached it to a metal plate on the side of the glass case and watched the doll's mouth slacken, her eyes flutter and soon she was still again, her chest rising and falling as though she slumbered.

She sighed loudly, her breath misting the top of the glass case. Using the hem of her green gown, she rubbed the glass until it shimmered again.

When would mama come back? Days had gone by since the golden angel appeared in her tower room. Was mama still upset that her flute had been lost? Alluna was certain the song she'd played lured the angel to her. If she only knew where the flute was, she'd play again for him.

"Dreaming about that fair faced demon again?"

Alluna spun to face the only other human that ever spoke to her—mama.

"Y-you frightened me," she panted, her hand going up to her chest. Dismay filled her as mama's frown deepened. Alluna had forgotten to wear her chest brace. Her cheeks flamed with shame as she crossed her arms over her deformed chest.

Mama snorted, her eyes narrowing. "Could it be possible? You crave the golden-haired demon's touch?"

Alluna flinched when mama stalked closer. Touch? "W-why would I do that?"

Mama laughed, her eyes raking Alluna's trembling form with disdain. "Aye. The seeds of lust are growing in you, my girl. The demon will see your filthy udders and crave them. He'll clip painful chains on your nipples and tug just to hear you scream and beg for mercy.

Alluna shrank back, quivering. Mama's green eyes glowed, her dark face looming in Alluna's vision, and then it wasn't mama anymore.

Alluna saw herself standing in a chamber with dusky grey walls and a gleaming black floor. Her hands were chained up over her head and her nipples hurt. To her horror, when she looked down, two metal clips were attached to her erect nipples, a chain dangling between.

"Feel the pain, Alluna," a deep voice hissed behind her. A very large hand slid over her hip from behind to cup her between the legs. "Feel the pleasure."

Alluna moaned, her eyes darting to a glass wall before her. It wasn't the vast darkness of a star-speckled void that had her eyes gaping, but the reflection of a golden horned creature with demonic wings standing behind her that had her screaming in terror.

Mama's arms engulfed her as she sobbed, her whole body shaking.

"There-there, my girl," mama cooed. "Don't be afraid. Mama is here now. The demon won't ravish you."

"R-ravish?" Alluna sniffed.

She pulled back to look into mama's sullen face.

Mama's hand smoothed down Alluna's hair. "All males have an evil snake between their thighs." Alluna shivered with revulsion. How she hated snakes, feared them terribly. "They'll strike at you with their snake, cause you pain, make you bleed and fill you with their poison over and over until you become addicted to it, crave it, beg for it."

Alluna stared wide-eyed at mama, her fingers clutching mama's purple robes. Visions of the golden-haired one coming at her with a writhing snake between his thighs filled her mind. Alluna bit her lower lip with a whimper, shaking her head to dispel the disturbing thoughts.

Mama cocked her head to the side as her hand stroked down Alluna's hair. "The poison will make you sick, make you swell up until you explode and die."

Alluna's heart raced with terror. She shook her head. "No, mama. I won't let the snake near me."

Mama pouted, "But you already crave the demon, my girl. He's cast a spell on you."

Alluna gaped. He occupied her every thought. It was true. Mama was right. Alluna's hand came up to her throat as she shook her head emphatically. "I-I'll fight it, mama. I won't let it happen."

Mama cupped her face and leaned down, her green eyes blazing into Alluna's. "What you need to do is trap him."

Alluna's jaw dropped. "T-trap? B-but..."

Mama removed a delicate chain from around her neck and placed it around Alluna's. From the chain hung a pendant of a golden dragon with a tiny sapphire for its eye. "Sing to him the Dragon's Lullaby and place this around his neck. He will be enslaved to you and do your bidding. Then call to me. I will take care of the rest, my sweet girl."

"Y-you'll kill him?" Alluna swallowed, feeling something within her twist painfully at the thought of the golden creature dying.

"No, darling," mama shook her head, her brows furrowed. "I want to add him to my collection."

Alluna remembered mama's collection in the dungeon. She had a sleeping golden dragon, a vampire, and a reaper. They were all under her sleeping spell, except the vampire who'd turned to stone from lack of nourishment.

"Why do you need them, mama?"

Mama grinned. "I am going to unleash Leiravad from the realm of reflections."

Alluna blinked, confused. Mama had never told her this before. "Who?"

Mama's grin widened as well as her eyes, making a shiver of fear slide up Alluna's spine. "The Angel of destruction's reflection. His other self."

 *** *** ***