 I wanted to try my hand at an eclectic mix of fantasy and sci-fi, so this chapter begins to go into that theme. This new world has a bit of everything, from castles, dungeons, dragons, to aliens and space travel. Hope you like and vote and PLEASE comment to tell me what you think about my experiment. If it sucks, then tell me and I'll narrow down the action to Zak getting his chick and ending this story in the next two to three chapters.

Chapter Seventeen

Zak strode down the corridor of the twelfth level of Alpha 7. Devon had assigned this level to the reapers. The design of this level was wider, ceilings higher.

Wingspan—he reminded himself.

He knew the first twelve levels had once belonged to the Seraphs that guarded Edenia, or Eden—as those that dwelled on Earth had called it once. All the planets had been verdant and teeming with life until...

"Until Lucifer and his fallen angels meddled with the minds of the Divine One's children and they destroyed it all with their pithy fights for power and wealth."

Zak looked at Devon. The black of his hair was such a sharp contrast to the almost glowing white of his skin and the soft white lighting brought out bluish highlights in the satiny fall.

"How's Angel and the babe?"

Devon's lips kicked up, the luminescence of his blue eyes intensifying. "They're both doing well, thank you. Angel's ability to provide our son with sustenance has her almost dumbfound." Devon chuckled with a shake of his head. "So much thought to training as a warrior and she didn't even look into all the changes her body would go through after giving birth. You should have seen her face when I put a screaming, hungry Jazriel to her breast for the first time to feed."

Devon's words brought back his hunger for Alluna. He'd fed from her breasts... fed her from his body too.

"Are you okay?"

Zak's eyes snapped back open. He took his fist away from his stomach and straightened, feeling his face grow hot. "I'm..."

"He's not okay," Remien stated popping in next to them with a flash of red-gold fire. He fingered the hoops piercing his lower lip, studying Zak intently. "When Golds impregnate their mates, the female begins to produce first milk. First milk is intended to addict the male to her taste and increase his need to be with her and keep her covered with his scent."

Zak grimaced. "Where the hell do you come up with all this stuff?"

"Google." Remi grinned.

Devon chuckled and they resumed walking. Throwing an arm around Remi's shoulders, he asked, "and what else have you investigated about Golds."

"The female is fed her dragon's..." Remi cleared his throat and slid his green-gold gaze to Zak, " her dragon's semen for three days. The fluids contain chemicals that prep her body to carry the baby dragons for the next twenty-four months."

"What the fuck?" Zak's roar echoed in the corridor.

A few reapers appeared in the doorways to the various rooms on that level.

Zak ignored them and tried to contain his roiling emotions. He forced himself to release the front of Remi's black uniform shirt and took a step back.

One of Remi's tawny brows rose. "Zak, when we breed, our genes are dominant. Our babies will always be dragon. Just be glad the girls aren't dragon too."

When Zak gave him a perplexed glare, Remi rolled his eyes and explained. "A dragoness would lay a clutch of eggs after nine months and guess who'd have to sit on it for the remaining fifteen months?"

Zak spun, spearing his hands through his hair. "Two years? Alluna is going to be pregnant for two years?" He spun back to Remi. "And Row let you get her pregnant knowing that?"

Remi gave him a sheepish grin. "Well I didn't exactly tell her, besides, getting her pregnant just..." he shrugged his shoulders, "happened. Anyway, she isn't really going to be carrying for twenty-four months. Jaz accelerated her up way past that. Quinn is checking her now to figure out how far along she is." Remi pouted. "There's a side effect I'm not too happy with. She's become very irritable and snippy with me."

Devon sighed and signaled them to follow him. "Maybe the upcoming mission will get her out of her funk, Rem. Angel got that way too toward the end."

Remi's knees buckled and Zak gripped him in alarm, as well as Devon.

The red weredragon's face looked pale.

"Fuck," Zak cursed. "What the hell is wrong now?"

"God," Remi croaked. "I'm really going to be a father. I thought I'd have two years to get used to the idea. Holy shit."

He's legs wobbled again and Devon bit his lips to keep from laughing.

Zak snorted, "Oh, for fuck's sake, stupid. Pull it together."

Remi shook his mop of crimson and got his legs braced under himself to wiggle out of their hold. "I'm good," he growled with determination. A grin suddenly stretched across his face, molars glinting as he adjusted his crotch. "Yup. Daddy's equipment works just fine."

Zak rolled his eyes.

Clearing his throat, Remi asked, "Where are we going, by the way?"

"I wanted to see Ash," Zak said.

Remi winced, a look of guilt reddening his cheeks. "I tried to heal him, but my healing powers have absolutely no effect on him." He hung his head. "I don't understand why."

"He's counteracting your powers, Remi."

Zak looked over his shoulder. Natanael followed with a big group of reapers behind them.

Zak slowed and gawked. More were coming out of their rooms. "Geez. How many of you went awol?"

"Three hundred," Devon answered.

Zak's brows shot to his hairline. There were three hundred reapers living on Alpha 7, including one of their most powerful high priests.

"Ex high priest," Natanael said as though reading his mind. "Ashriel was cast out for losing his virginity."

Zak frowned and turned to Devon. "Having all of us in my head all these years wasn't too bad, but I really think my sanity will be extremely compromised with three hundred reapers in my head too, Dev."

Devon swallowed. "We'll think of something. Let's see how Ash is doing this morning and then we'll go about reopening the old mess hall."

Zak winced. Their meals were going to be interesting from now on, to say the least.

 ***