 So here it finally is. The last chapter and epilogue to the witch and the dragon. It took me a month to finally get it out, but I had a bunch of stuff going on and it just got really difficult to write. I really appreciate those who took the time to vote and comment. Hope that this, the last chapter, motivates everyone who hasn't commented before to do so now because after this I'll be doing the final edits based on comments and then, I'll put the book out for publication. Of course there'll be changes, stuff added, stuff taken out. I'd never publish a book and expect someone to pay for something they can get for free. I'll do my best to make purchasing it worthwhile. I while take a few months to dedicate to my family (resentment over my writing is bumming me out) but I will be back with Ashriel's and Anniel's story maybe by the beginning of the year. I was also thinking of starting a new project exclusively for Lit, so if anyone has any suggestions on a theme, I'd love to hear it from you. Until next time-love you all. Enjoy The Witch and the Dragon's last chapter.

Chapter Twenty-One

Alluna snuggled closer to the warmth enveloping her.

"Remi, s-stop, oh. God."

The sounds of a female groaning roused Alluna from her deep slumber. Where was she? What happened?

A deep, purring growl echoed around Alluna followed by a deeper rumble against her body.

Alluna opened her eyes as a sharp cry pierced the air.

Her hair clung to her face and body, as well as the flimsy clothing she wore. She lay between the golden dragon's forepaws and the rest of his enormous body was curled protectively around her. It was then she remembered... the jagged dragon's teeth closing around her. Zak had tossed her into his maw midflight.

"Oh," she gasped struggling to sit up.

When she stirred, he lifted his head and stared at her with glowing sapphire-blue eyes. Another purring growl rumbled through him. He was enormous as a dragon, his scales bright like polished gold. His snout was smooth and rounded and the ridge of bone over his eyes pronounced, hooding the jewels of his eyes. Two long horns rose from his head and rows of spikes rode his neck down his back to the tip of the tail tucked around his body and hers. She was completely surrounded by him. Alluna never felt safer.

She opened her mouth to speak to Zak, but another whimper caught her attention.

Three things registered in Alluna's mind immediately. She was in a cave with Zak and Remi still in dragon form. The sun was starting to set, casting a red glow upon the red dragon, which lay at the mouth of the cave. Remien held Rowie in one claw, and with his other claw, he held her legs splayed out as he licked her most intimate of places.

Alluna gasped, her mouth falling open at the sight of Rowie writhing in pleasure at the dragon's lewd attentions.

"Oh, baby," Rowie panted, just before her back bowed and she cried out again.

Remi nuzzled her as she panted. Alluna saw how the other girl's legs trembled in the aftermath of her release.

The sound of someone climbing up to the mouth of the cave drew deep snarls from both dragons.

"God-damn-it, Rem. Have you coaxed Zak back into human form?" It was Seth's voice.

Alluna watched him peer tentatively into the cave. Zak's long golden tail slithered against the front of Remi and with a sharp flick, sent Seth flying back out.

Alluna swallowed a scream before she looked up and glared at Zak. Remi only snickered.

"That wasn't very nice," she spat. Rising up a bit unsteadily to her feet, she began to make her way to the entrance of the cave. "I hope you didn't hurt him."

Exactly how high up were they? Intending to peer out, she lifted a foot to climb over Zak's forepaw. He tried to curve his neck around her to block her from moving forward.

Alluna pushed his head away. "No. I want to see what happened to Seth. And you stop that snickering."

The red dragon winced, clutching Rowie against his throat.

"You have no sense of humor, little human," the red dragon growled out shocking Alluna.

She didn't know they could talk in their beastly form.

"Set me down, Remi," Rowie protested, her bare legs wiggling within his claws. "I can't believe you woke me up that way."

Rowie sounded angry, but Alluna felt worried about Seth. She made her way over Zak's tail and Remi's claws until she came to the edge of the opening.

The wind howled, and the view of the treetops had Alluna gasping. They were in a cave in the side of a mountain. As she neared the edge, she came face to whiskered muzzle with an enormous black and white tiger. He clung to the rock face with giant feline claws.

With a squeak of surprise, she scrambled back. Snarls and growls broke out behind her.

"Oh, stop with all the male posturing," Rowie ordered angrily. "Remi, turn back into human this instant, and you..." Alluna turned to see her pointing into Zak's snarling countenance. Her voice came out very soft now, lulling, soothing, "listen very closely..."

Rowie began to sing, her angelic voice echoing around the cave bringing bumps to Alluna's flesh.

Zak backed away a bit, a soft trilling sound rising from his throat. His scales glowed, as if lit by fire.

Alluna had to shield her eyes from the intense light. She felt the heat slide against her body, intense, almost unbearable and then it just faded.

She turned to see Zak, back in human form, huddled against the cave floor.

Without a second thought, she rushed to him.

His hair spilled all around him. She used her fingers to brush the shimmering gold strands back and watched the play of muscles ripple under his skin as he rose to hands and knees.

"Zak?" she whimpered trying to crawl into his skin when he sat back on his bent legs. He wrapped his arms around her, still looking dazed. "Za—"

His mouth sealed over hers, his arms pulling her tighter against him. Alluna ate at his mouth, he responded by practically trying to crawl inside her tongue first. It was brutal and primal. Their teeth clashed and tongues twined. Her nails pressed against the thick meat of his biceps and shoulders before her fingers lost themselves in the wealth of hair that fell to his ass.

Zak brought them to the floor, barely keeping his weight from crushing her. His thighs shoved hers apart and his hard hot length pressed against her, seeking entrance. Alluna cried out in pleasure and spread her legs wider in wonton invitation.

"Zak," she whimpered nipping his throat. He answered her with a growl.

"Oh-seriously? Give me a fucking break."

The sound of Seth's angry, frustrated voice had Alluna's eyes snapping back open.

She pushed against Zak's chest now and he huffed in agitation, but at least stopped trying to fuck her through her clothes. Not that she was wearing much, just a thin thong barely covered by a skirt of filmy veils. Her top she had no idea where it had gone, but her breasts were bare. Zak was completely naked

The sight of him had her heart lurching and eyes filling with hot tears. With a choked sob, she clutched him to blink at Seth over his shoulder.

Seth ran a hand through his white-blond hair. He was naked too, but the sun shining behind him kept his front in dark shadow.

"I am not going to stay here if you guys are going to fuck all night."

"Fine," Remi answered, "take a hike."

Alluna turned just in time to see Rowie punch Remi in the arm with a glare.

"Ow! What was that for?" Remi looked at her with a pout.

Rowie rolled her eyes. "For being an insensitive idiot."

Zak sighed and straightened further. He looked down at Alluna's body and frowned. "You're all sticky."

"That's because you held her in your mouth and didn't lick her clean after spitting her out," Remi said matter-of-factly.

Next to him, Rowie blushed, her hands going over her rounded belly as her eyes darted around the darkened interior of the cave. "Where are my clothes?"

Remi gave her a blank stare and shrugged. "Beats me."

Rowie made a frustrated sound and wacked him again. "You idiot. I don't want to go back to the village naked."

Remi chuckled and wrapped his arms around her. "I'll cover you, baby."

"Stop grabbing my ass. This isn't funny, you hornball."

Zak's hand touching Alluna's hair and face brought her attention back to him. "You need a bath. Seth, is there any water nearby?"

"There's a small river about a quarter of a mile just east of here. If we're going to go there, I suggest leaving right away before it gets too dark. I left Anniel there with Zakreel. She's still a bit out of it from the trance the sorceress had her in."

"Where's my father and Drakken?"

"Drakken?" Rowie gasped. "My father? My father is here?"

Her fingers gripped Remi's arms tightly.

"Yeah. He wanted to kill me when he saw what I did to you," Remi answered splaying his fingers proudly over Rowie's belly. Rowie just gaped up at him, nibbling her lower lip so that her tiny fangs showed.

Alluna burrowed into Zak's arms. "My mama brought him in many moons ago. He'd been blood starved and petrified,'" she told them. Alluna looked sadly at Rowie. "She wanted to use him for a ritual to bring the angel of destruction's other into this realm."

Rowie closed her eyes as her knees gave beneath her.

"Rowie," Remi gasped sweeping her into his arms. "Baby, what is it?"

Rowie only whimpered in his arms.

"It's probably just everything that's happened and the impact of knowing her father's still alive," Zak said. "Let's get them to that river, bathe and set up a bonfire for the night."

"You think starting a fire is a good idea?"

Seth asked. "It's going to draw attention."

Zak scowled. "We're Alpha Angels. We've don't have much to fear."

The silence was heavy between them. Alluna had the sensation they were speaking to each other telepathically.

Seth reached behind his back and pulled a flaming sword from thin air with a nod. "Fine." He said. "No holds barred then. Let's go."

He turned and bound down the side of the mountain.

Remi stepped to the mouth of the cave and looked down. Alluna watched mesmerized as a pair of giant red dragon's wings slipped from the flesh of his back to spread out wide to either side of him. The breeze teased his blood-red locks back. He hugged Rowie tighter against his body and then dropped out of sight.

Zak swept Alluna into his arms and walked to where Remi stood moments before. Alluna's eyes widened at the drop, and she gripped Zak's thick neck tighter as her heart hammered.

His chest expanded with his sigh, making her look at his face. His expression was pensive, almost sad.

"I hated what I was for so long... feared it, Alluna."

Her hand slid around to caress his cheek. He closed his eyes and nuzzled against its warmth.

"Your dragon?" she whispered.

He pressed a kiss in her palm before opening his eyes again.

With the dying rays of the sun lighting his face, she had to remember to breathe. His eyes looked so blue—deep, fiery, hypnotic. His thick hair was like rippling gold around his face, the setting sun turning it molten. He looked like an angel, too beautiful to be real.

He closed his eyes with a hiss of pain, his back jerking. Wings emerged from his back to open a few feet to either side of him. The shimmering gold caught the rays of the sun and she had to close her eyes from the intense glare.

"Yes. My dragon." He pressed a kiss to the tip of her nose. "Now there's something I fear more, and that's losing you."

 *** *** ***