 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18. 

† † † † † 

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both. 

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different. 

† † † † † 

The cab dropped me off outside Gold's Coffee House on Savannah Drive and I took a seat at one of the outdoor tables, waiting for Daphne, enjoying the view while I did. A young waitress - - as slim, stacked and gorgeous as just about every other woman in this wonderful world - - came to take my order and I couldn't help flirt with her. She was in her late teens at a guess, wearing a T-shirt with the coffee house logo stretched and distorted by her huge tits and a pair of tiny denim shorts that just about covered her ass cheeks - - at least until she walked or bent over, that is.

She took my order and sauntered back inside, leaving me to look out around the city as I waited. As before, I was struck by how clean the place was - - no litter, no day old newspapers blowing down the street, no cigarette butts in the gutters - - with just about everyone, men and women, walking or driving around, looking like they were enjoying themselves,

And why wouldn't they? The guys were all handsome and well built and the women looked like they either just strolled off a porn set or were on their way to one. Each of them - - like my waitress, like my mom and sister - - were possessed of a fantastic figure that, here in Pornoland, equalled a firm, round ass, tiny waist and a pair of big, round tits. Your definition of "fantastic figure" might differ but fuck it, you weren't here, I was.

The waitress - - whose name tag read Siobhan - - returned and placed my coffee on the table. When she hesitated for a moment, I looked up at her and smiled.

"Help you with something?" I asked.

She bit her bottom lip nervously. "Are you - - are you Alex Hazard?" she asked, referring to my pornstar name. My smile widened.

"That's me," I said.

"Oh wow," Siobhan said, almost jumping up and down in excitement, her big tits wobbling beneath her T-shirt. "I am such a fan of your movies," she said.

"Thanks," I said. "Which one's your favourite?"

"Adventures of a Computer Analyst," she said without a pause, pronouncing the last word as anal-ist.

"I've done so many, you'll have to remind me which one that was," I said, covering up my lack of knowledge as I had with the nurse just that morning. Fuck, had that happened just this morning? Time really does fly.

"You're an IT guy working for this big company and every time one of the women has a problem with their PC, you go round and fix it." She leaned down, the low neck of her T-shirt stretching with the weight of her big tits, displaying a deep cleavage to me. "And you fuck each of them up the ass," she finished a little quieter.

I grinned, really wishing I remembered that film. "And that's your favourite?" I asked quietly. "One where I butt fuck a load of girls?"

"Uh-huh," she said, biting her bottom lip again.

"So you like anal? Just watching or - -?" I asked, letting the question hang.

Before she could answer, one of the chairs at my table was noisily pulled back, making Siobhan straighten up in surprise. Daphne parked herself in the chair opposite me, smiling at both of us.

"Not interrupting anything, am I?" she said with a wicked grin.

Before I could answer, Siobhan said "No, not at all. What can I get you?" Once Daphne had ordered her coffee, Siobhan headed into the shop, leaving the pair of us to stare at each other.

Daphne looked as good as she had the last time I'd seen her - - blonde and blue-eyed, huge tits pushing against her tight blouse and a knee length skirt that hugged her big hips and round ass. She laughed when another waitress brought her drink over.

"Looks like I scared your friend off," she said, sipping at her coffee.

"I guess I should thank you for sending me the mirror," I said, referring to the looking glass she'd somehow managed to get to me in the Old World and which had allowed me to return to Pornoland. "How'd you manage that, by the way?"

Daphne shrugged. "I felt guilty about what happened so used up pretty much all my money to get that mirror to you. I don't know how it works but if you've got the cash, you can get something sent back to the Old World by a special service if you know who to ask." She smiled sadly at me. "I'm just glad it worked."

We stared at each other for a while.

"Okay," I said, breaking the silence. "Explanation time."

Daphne sighed. "Most of what I told you was true," she said. "This is some sort of weird limbo stroke heaven where people who've been in accidents in one world or another come."

"One world or another?"

"Yeah. Remember you said a president - - Kennedy, was it? - - had been assassinated in the sixties?" I nodded. "Where I come from it was Nixon. That was true - - there are people here from different time lines, different alternate worlds, I guess. Just about everybody here, though, doesn't remember their previous lives."

"But I do," I said, "and so do you, right?"

Daphne nodded. "Yep, every last bit of it. You remember me telling you about the indexes? The computerised version and the hand written one?"

"Yeah, I think so. That was how you track down people like me, the new arrivals. One index updates, the other one doesn't."

"That's it. That bit was true as well. Mostly. I said there were about a dozen of us who check the indexes? It's actually four of us, all working to identify people who've just arrived and who can remember where they come from."

"So where does the son of a bitch in the black coat come into this?" I asked, thinking about the bastard who'd convinced me to leave the last time I was here.

Daphne at least had the good grace to blush a little.

"That's where the truth sort of ends," she said. "Me and the three other girls who check the indexes? He makes us work for him. Most newcomers don't remember their past lives and they're free to just blend in. The women who remember are recruited by him to do the index checking."

"So not many remember at all then, if there's only four of you," I said, at which Daphne nodded. "And the men like me?"

"That's where he gets involved, doing his whole man in black routine to scare you off."

"Why? What would it matter to him if I'm around?" I asked.

Daphne shrugged. "Honestly, none of us - - me nor the other girls - - know for sure. We think he sees you as some sort of competition. See, he's like you - - he came from some other world at some point and has been scaring off the men who remember ever since."

"Well that makes no fucking sense whatsoever," I said.

"The truth rarely does," Daphne said.

"So, you said I was still in danger?" I asked her, referring to her phone call from earlier.

"He knows you're back," Daphne said. "And he knows you won't be scared off again. While he can't kill you himself - - something about this world stops people killing each other, that much he told you was true - - he's looking for a way to get rid of you." 

I sipped my coffee and stared out at the passersby.

"Does this bastard have a name?" I asked.

"Damian," she said.

"And is there any chance I can meet him? Talk this thing out with him? Find out why he wants to get rid of me?"

Daphne was shaking her head as I spoke. "No, he's not interested in any sort of negotiation. He just wants you gone."

I sighed. "So what now?"

"I'm not sure. He doesn't know I'm meeting you today, or that it was me who found a way to get you back, but he'll do whatever he can to get you to leave." Daphne finished her drink and stood. "I'm sorry I lied to you before, Alex," she said, "but I am glad you're back."

"Yeah, I'm back, and this time I'm staying." As she headed off, I called after her. "You find anything more out about this guy, let me know."

She called out "Okay," over her shoulder and walked off.

I pulled out my cell phone and called Darla, my agent.

"I'm so glad you're okay," she said after I'd been put through by her receptionist and we'd swapped hellos.

"Yeah, me too," I said. "Listen, I'm real sorry about missing the shoot with my mom and Sarenna. What's the chances of rearranging it?"

"Shoot are definitely happy to rearrange," Darla said. "All we need to do is find a time and place that's good for you all. Both your mom and Sarenna have got busy schedules, you know, and I've got stuff lined up for you once you're back up to full health as well." She paused and I could almost hear her smiling. "So you're up for fucking your mom, then?" she asked. Darla knew better than most about my previous reluctance to have sex with my mother and sister, whether in front of the camera or not.

"Well I did her earlier this morning," I said smugly, "not to mention Chelsea as well. So yeah, I'm well up for it."

"Hmmmm, wish I'd been there to see that," Darla said. "Now I'm definitely going to work as hard as I can to get you in front of a camera as soon as possible. Maybe I can change the deal, get your mom and your sister in with you and Sarenna?"

My original waitress, Siobhan, stepped out of the coffee shop and headed towards me.

"Do it," I said, smiling up at her as she reached my table. "And make sure all three of them are signed up for anal."

Siobhan's eyes went wide at my words and she clutched her serving tray to her flat stomach, the plastic tray pushing her huge tits up, the tops swelling out of her low cut T-shirt.

"That's the Alex Hazard I remember," Darla said with a throaty laugh. "Maybe you can stop by the office and show me how much you like doing girls in the butt?"

"Maybe I will," I said. We said our goodbyes, Darla promising to be in touch once she had the shoot set up, and I turned my attention to Siobhan who stood patiently.

"I hope I didn't cause any trouble between you and - - your friend," she said.

"No trouble at all," I said, trying to put her at ease. "And there's nothing between us, either. We're just - - associates, I guess."

"So she's not a - - a girlfriend or - - an actress in your movies?" she asked, smiling as I shook my head. "She could be, you know - - with her figure, I mean."

"So could you," I said, boldly looking her up and down. "For exactly the same reason."

"Could you put me in a movie?" she asked.

"Maybe," I said, honestly having no fucking idea whether I could or not. "Maybe I could do a sequel to Adventures of a Computer Analyst. Think you could handle a part in that?"

She sat down on the chair next to me, placing the tray on the table and leaning in close, her big tits spilling forwards again, giving me another look at that deep cleavage of hers.

"Oh God," she said quietly, "I'd kill for a part in that movie."

"Really? Even though it would mean taking my big dick in your ass?"

"Because it would mean taking your big dick up my ass," she said. She reached across and groped at the thick length of my cock which was clearly visible down the leg of my cargo shorts. When I made no attempt to stop her - - and really, why the fuck would I? - - she slid her hand up the inside of my shorts, her fingers quickly coming into contact with the big, spongy knob.

"I can't believe I've actually got my hand on Alex Hazard's cock," she whispered.

I grinned at her. "Well you have, Siobhan. Now what are you going to do with it? I'm guessing I can't just whip it out here and let you enjoy yourself?" If I'm honest, I wouldn't have been too surprised if she'd said that actually we could do just that. This was Pornoland, after all.

"No, you can't," she said, her fingers still rolling around my cock head, smearing the pre-cum over the bulbous helmet. "But there's always the bathroom in the store," she said, nodding back towards the coffee house.

"Then maybe we should pay a visit to the bathroom?"

We stood and I followed the busty waitress back into the coffee house, limping slightly as my more than half-hard cock strained against my shorts as I walked.

"Siobhan, table four's still waiting on their order," the guy behind the counter said. He was the first out of shape and overweight guy I'd seen since arriving here and I wondered why he was so different.

"I'm on a break," Siobhan called, not even bothering to look at him. I caught his eye and winked at him, surprised at my own boldness. He shook his head and called out to another waitress to tend to table four.

Siobhan led me out the back of the store into a corridor which had doors to both male and female bathrooms. We went past both of them and through a door marked PRIVATE: STAFF ONLY. This led into a small locker room with maybe a dozen steel lockers against the walls and another door marked BATHROOM. With no hesitation, Siobhan opened this door and pulled me in to the small cubicle that contained a toilet, paper dispenser, hand basin and hand drier.

As I closed the door behind us, Siobhan turned and kissed me, her huge tits squashing against my chest as stood on tiptoes to thrust her tongue into my mouth, one hand grasping at my hard cock.

"Mmmmm - - please, Alex - - please fuck me," she gasped as we kissed. I pushed her the bottom of her T-shirt up and over the perfect, round, firm mounds of her huge braless tits, filling my hands with them, her stiff nipples hard against my palms. "Yeah - - yeah, play with my tits," she groaned as I did just that.

I carefully moved her back so that her legs touched the toilet - - she took the hint, dropped the seat cover and sat down on it, staring up at me as I undid my shorts, letting them drop to the floor. My big cock sprang up and Siobhan quickly grabbed it and stuffed it in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down on it.

"Mmmmm, such a big cock," she said, taking it out and licking the head. She grinned up at me. "I've seen so many of your films," she said, stroking my dick. "Never thought I'd be lucky enough to do this."

"I try to look after my fans," I said, reaching out and guiding her mouth back on to my cock. She purred, sucking and licking at my knob, taking in maybe a third of my shaft, stroking it with one hand, the other playing with her own big tits. I moved back a little and crouched down, sliding my now spit covered cock between her jugs, watching as, like a true natural, Siobhan pushed her tits together, her T-shirt still rucked up above them, letting me fuck them.

"I love getting tit-fucked," she said, smiling up at me.

"Yeah? What else do you love?" I asked, moving my hips, sliding my cock back and forth in her cleavage.

"Big dicks," she said, bending her neck and kissing my cock head as it popped up from her tits. "Sucking them - - having them fuck my pussy - - and my ass - - and I just love a big load of cum - - all over my face and tits."

I had to chuckle to myself. I had the feeling that had I asked the same question to just about any woman in the place, the answer would be the same.

"Well you've already sucked on my dick," I said, "so why don't you get rid of those shorts and we can move on to the next thing on your list."

I took over holding Siobhan's fantastic tits, still sliding my cock between them, as she lifted her ass up off the seat slightly so she could push her tiny denim shorts down to the floor. With that done, she moved, sitting back and spreading her legs, letting me crouch a little, aiming my cock at her neatly shaved pussy.

"You want this?" I asked her, wagging my cock at her.

"Fuck yes - - do it, Alex - - fuck my pussy." How could I refuse? I eased forward, both of us groaning as we felt my knob slip between her wet pussy lips and ease deep into her hot, clasping twat. "Oooh - - oh fuck - - fucking hell," Siobhan groaned, her eyes wide, her mouth dropping open. "Alex - - fucking - - Hazard's - - fucking me!" she gasped in disbelief.

I laughed as I started moving back and fore, in and out, my big dick sliding a little deeper each time as she put her hands out to the walls to steady herself, her huge tits swaying slightly as I fucked her.

"Oh Jesus - - oh holy fucking hell - - uuuhngngnnn - - yes!" she cried as I sped up a bit, thrusting a little faster and deeper, watching those lovely big tits of hers moving. "Oh fuck - - oh my fucking God!" she cried, looking up at me one second then down between her legs the next, obviously getting off on having her favourite pornstar fuck her. "Ahh - - ahhhhhh - - fucking - - cumming!" she screamed as her pussy clamped down around my cock, her muscles tightening, her juices flowing as she came fast and hard.

She moaned and convulsed on my cock, shaking and sighing as her orgasm ran through her, her mouth lolling open for a moment as her eyes closed and I swear she blacked out for just a second or so. I slowed down my movements as she returned to normal, smiling up at me as she did.

"You okay?" I asked her.

She nodded. "Fucking fantastic," she said.

I slowly pulled my dick from her pussy. "Ready to try taking this up your ass?" I asked. She nodded, part keen, part nervous.

Siobhan got up and turned around, kneeling on the toilet seat, bracing her hands on the walls in front and to the side of her, lowering her hips and pushing her ass back as I stood behind her, cock in hand. As far as she was concerned, I was Alex Hazard, pornstar and had done this hundreds of times before. Part of me, though, was Alex Taylor about to have his first taste of anal sex - - and I couldn't wait.

I used one hand to part her cheeks and the other to bring my knob up to her tight little asshole. She whimpered a little as I pushed slowly forwards, watching as my glans spread out for a second before Siobhan relaxed and the head of my cock slipped inside.

"Ah!" she gasped in surprise. "Ahhhh - - go slow, please," she said.

"I'll go as slow as you need," I said, somehow fighting the urge to cram my cock up her ass in one thrust. Instead, I rocked my hips gently, inching inside her tight butt bit by bit, going just a little bit deeper each time.

"Oh God - - oh God that's so good," Siobhan sighed. She looked over her shoulder at me. "Thank you - - thank you for - - ahahhhhh - - for going slow - - mmmnnggggg - - you're so big in my ass."

"I'm surprised you can take it," I said honestly, watching my thick meat spread her asshole wide. The hot, incredibly tight confines of her asshole clung to my cock as more and more of it slid inside her butt as I held her cheeks open with both hands. "Your ass is so fucking tight."

"Ahhh - - aahahhhhhh - - it's all yours, Alex - - my tight ass it yours," she sighed, pushing back a little, encouraging me to go deeper. "Fuck it, Alex," she said, looking at me. "Fuck my tight ass."

I did as she asked, picking up my pace, holding on to her ass tighter, starting to saw my achingly hard cock in and out of her gorgeous ass. Siobhan grunted and squeaked as my cock burrowed into her asshole, deeper and deeper until I was in her up to my balls which slapped against her pussy as I crammed my dick into her butt.

"Aaaahhh - - aaahhhahhh - - fucking hell - - yes! Fuck my ass - - ahhhhhh - - fuck it!" she cried as my huge piece of meat slid in and out of her tight asshole. She was fulfilling a fantasy by fucking her favourite pornstar while I could hardly believe that I was that pornstar. "Oh my God - - oh my God - - oh my God," she babbled as she started gasping and shaking again, the hard ass fucking she was getting quickly triggering another orgasm. I gripped her ass and fucked her as hard and fast as I could, watching my cock slip in and out of her tight butt hole, still amazed that she could take the whole thing.
