 Chapter Fifteen

The feel of a hot tongue sliding up her neck had her stirring from sleep. Alluna stretched her sore body and blinked open surprised eyes when she discovered her limbs bound tight. As Zak continued to lick her throat and breasts, she wiggled her fingers and toes with a frown. He'd cuffed her arms over her head and her legs spread-eagled.

A flash of gold had her gasping. Shimmering gold dragon's wings spread behind Zak's back as another snarl tore from his lips.

"M-master?"

He raised his head.

Alluna stared into inhuman eyes, the sapphire taking up all of the whites and slit pupils widening out to black ovals. The bones of his face were more pronounced, and the beginnings of horns peeped from with the wealth of blond spilling down his back.

Alluna's heart sped up, a shiver of fear skipping through her.

Zak's clawed hands caressed down her torso. She felt the sharps tips of his talons leave bumps of awareness in their wake. His smoldering dragon eyes followed his claws.

"Mine." His voice was like heavy gravel, more demonic than human.

"Yes, Master," she whimpered arching as much as the restraints allowed. "I'm yours."

What had come over him? He looked absolutely terrifying... but beautiful too. Alluna cocked her head and studied her Master. He looked like a blue-eyed, golden devil.

Zak sat up straighter between her legs, spreading his wings wider. He licked his lips with another snarl, showing fangs at her.

Alluna grew wet. The sounds he made had her aching with want.

Her eyes lowered to his belly. His cock looked bigger, and the once rounded head ended in a pointed tip.

"Master, fuck me, please," she whispered.

His eyes narrowed to slits and he snarled at her again.

Alluna bit her lip with a sigh. Master really did not like being told what to do. She needed to switch her tactics.

"I'm sorry, Master," she said with a little hitch to her voice, letting her eyes well up and her lip quiver. "I just want you so much..." she sniffled and batted her eyes at him with a pout, "I hurt down there for you. Pleeeease."

At least he'd stopped snarling and growling. His eyes softened and Alluna had to bite her cheeks not to grin when a purr rumbled from his chest.

"My... girl," he said burrowing his face between her breasts.

Alluna smiled. His voice sounded a bit more normal.

When he suddenly dove between her spread thighs, she squeaked in surprise. Master had developed an addiction to the taste of her pussy. She shuddered and pulled at her restraints in desperation. The feel of his hot tongue lashing her cunt mercilessly was driving her insane.

Alluna felt swollen with need, and thrashed her head from side to side. His tongue slid deep within her, driving repeatedly within her clenching center. She couldn't take the pleasure. Rapture approached, coiling the erotic agony in her sweating body to the breaking point.

But Master would ease off whenever she felt ready to tilt over the edge of sexual oblivion. And then he would start the harsh tongue thrusts again, until she was shaking and screaming...begging him to let her cum.

Just when Alluna thought she would lose her mind, Master reared up and snarled, fangs bared. "Now, you will cum for me."

His cock should have ripped her in two when he stabbed into her, but she felt only sublime pleasure. Alluna screamed as she came... and came... and came.

It was too much. Her voice grew raw from her long wail of completion. He fucked her mercilessly, tension making his arms and chest bulge. Blond locks covered her face, spilling into her mouth, but she was beyond caring. Spots of bright color filled her vision as climaxes rolled into each other. Her internal muscles clamped down on the thick cock ramming into her, until all he could do was thrust in small jerks.

Zak threw his head back and roared. Every vein and muscle stood out on his glorious body. Alluna felt the hot spurts within her, filling her womb with his seed. His wings trembled, the quivering echoing out to the rest of his body, until with a groan he crumpled on top of her. Somehow, he managed to keep most of his weight on his arms and legs, but for the most part, Alluna found herself buried under a passion-spent male. Her male. Her magnificent Master.

She passed out with a smile on her lips.

 *** *** ***