 Chapter Twelve

Zak couldn't get a feel for Seth. It was as if he were a completely different person. Devon felt him in the enviro-level, so they had teleported there to search.

God, I don't feel or hear him—Zak sent out telepathically. Dev, are you sure he's here?

He's here. His memories have regressed along with his age—Devon answered.

What does that mean?—Remi's voice echoed in Zak's head.

It's like she turned back time for him. I feel his fear, can almost hear his thoughts...he's scattering his essence so it's really hard to pin-point where he is exactly. Devon's voice sounded incredulous.

Zak also thought it surprising Seth would have so much telekinetic ability when he was practically a baby.

"Here-kitty-kitty-kitty," Remi called in a sing-song voice.

Zak rolled his eyes with a shake of his head and then stiffened when he heard a low growl.

The voices in his head went silent.

"Come-on, pussy-cat. Uncle Rem's got a nice bowl of cream for you." Remi's voice was definitely teasing and the growling grew louder.

Zak smirked. The son-of-a-bitch was riling Seth to get him to reveal where he was.

The feel of Alluna's hand clutching his arm had him turning his head to her. He put his finger over his pursed lips to signal her not to make any noise. Just ahead of them, Zak could see Remi's mop of red hair through the foliage swaying around them.

"Here-kitty-kitty-kitty. Here, little pussy-cat,"

Branches snapped and a flash of black and white knocked Remi over. Rowie screamed and Zak ran toward the commotion.

Seth was no little kitty-cat. Transformed into his tiger, Seth was as big as any normal fully adult Siberian white tiger.

"Oh-shit, Dev," Zak crouch, unsure what to do as he watched the twelve foot nine hundred pound tiger maul Remi. "I thought you said he was a fucking cub."

"Seth, please," Rowie shrieked jumping on the big cat's back. "Don't kill my baby."

Anniel and Angel began shrieking as well, making Zak's ears hurt. Devon gripped Seth around his big furry neck, begging Seth to let Remi go.

Remi, the bastard, was laughing, even as Seth's enormous tiger jaws gripped and shook him from the scruff of his neck.

Alluna began to wail beside Zak, making him raise his brows. "Do something. Oh—this is all my fault. Poor Remi."

Zak had heard enough. His girl wanted Remi's ass saved, bless her sweet confused heart. Zak threw himself into the fray of writhing legs, arms, claws, and fangs.

Seth's fangs were digging deeper into Remi's neck, copious amounts of blood running down the weredragons chest. Still Remi laughed as though he were being tickled.

No. Not tickled. He hated that and screamed in agony when it was done to him.

Rem, you sick fuck. Stop laughing. You're only getting him madder.

Zak wedged himself under Remi at one point when they all rolled to the right. He could see Seth's enraged blue eyes. Zak snarled and gripped the fuzzy ears and gave them a jerk.

He didn't know if it was fear at losing his crazy-assed brother or rage at not knowing how to remedy the situation, but his voice came out as a bestial roar. "You let go of Remi this instant or I swear I'll put you across my knee and beat your scrawny little ass black and blue, Sethaliel."

The fur in his hands became two little ears hidden beneath a wealth of platinum blond hair.

They collapsed in a heap of bodies when the enormous tiger changed back into a boy no bigger than three feet.

The boys' lip quivered, his enormous blue eyes filling with tears just before his face crumpled and soft sobs shook his tiny frame.

Devon scooped him up and held him tight to his chest. Zak got to his feet and helped Remi and Rowie up. Remi was a bit wobbly on his feet, but already Zak saw how his wounds were closing up.

"You alright, man?" he asked, his voice still gruff.

Remi nodded, but his attention was on Rowie who was trembling, her breath choked with sobs. She licked at his blood and wounds, holding on to his tattered shirt with white knuckled fingers.

Anniel's hand on Zak's arm made him jump. "You okay, Goliath?"

Zak stared at Seth's shivering form in Devon's arms. He looked no older than three—maybe four-years-old.

He wanted to caress him and tell him he was sorry for frightening him, but remained quiet. It was better if the boy feared him a little. There was no telling how well the tot could control his beast. For now, his fear of Zak would be a good protection for all of them.

"Remi," Devon looked over Seth's blond head. "You okay?"

Remi nodded, his eyes falling on Devon's bundle. "Amaranth helped me get back to normal the time Luna's mother turned me into a miniature dragon."

Zak looked at Remi when he used the new nickname for Alluna.

"I'll send out a message to the high priestess," Anniel volunteered stroking Seth's hair with Angel at her side holding his trembling hand. His fingers looked so tiny, like a baby's

Seth hid his face against Devon's chest making Zak frown more. He really didn't remember them, the absence of his presence in Zak's mind making him ache.

"No," Devon sighed. "We'll take him to Seraphia ourselves. I'll go with Zak. The rest of you stay. We'll stay linked."

 *** ***