 Alluna stared at her reflection in disbelief. Angel, Rowie and Anniel grinned behind her.

"You look totally hot." Anniel clapped her hands, excitement making her eyes shine.

Angel folded her arms over her belly with a nod. "Yes. I do believe Zak is going to be quite pleased."

Rowie had her fingernails in her mouth and squealed out a laugh. "Holy shit, Goliath's gonna cum in his pants."

Rowie held up her hand and both Angel and Anniel gave it a smack over her head.

"It's called a high five, Alluna."

Rowie remained holding her hand up, obviously waiting for Alluna to repeat what the other two women had done.

She turned and high-fived Rowie. They all cheered.

In that moment, Alluna felt...like part of the family.

Her eyes welled. She had a family. Her smile grew and she turned back to the mirror.

Her bustier was a piece of art made of a mirror-like alloy carved with intricate designs and held in place with a stretchy fabric that wrapped around her back. She wore an undergarment that consisted of a small triangle barely covering her sex, held in place by rhinestone-studded straps that curved over her hips and joined in the back to disappear between her buttocks. A filmy white material draped from her hips to her ankles, open in the front to show her long legs and high-heeled strappy stilettos. The sparkling straps of her undergarment peeked naughtily over the top of the low-slung skirt.

Anniel and Rowie had designed her make-up, making Alluna's eyes look sultry and lips kissable with a shimmering gloss. Angel had finished the beautiful effect by pulling the front of her hair back with diamond-studded pins, to tumble down her back in a fall of spiral curls.

"A few more touches," Rowie said, draping a choker of diamonds around Alluna's neck. The diamonds dripped down her cleavage ending in a single black onyx nestled between her breasts.

Anniel and Angel secured diamond bracelets around her wrists.

"There." Anniel grinned as they all stepped back to admire her. "Now you really look like a princess."

Rowie placed her hand on Alluna's shoulder and looked at her grimly. "Alluna, whatever you do, make sure you're around one of us at all times. Don't trust anyone that isn't one of us."

"Don't drink anything that any stranger gives you," Anniel added.

"Don't talk to reporters. They'll twist everything you say," Angel also advised with a frown.

Rowie stroked Alluna's cheek with a smile. "Don't worry about anything. Zak will watch over you."

"As well as the rest of us, Luna," Anniel smiled hugging Alluna from the other side.

"If anyone tries anything, they'll taste this..."

Alluna's eyes widened when she saw Angel reach up and pull a flaming sword from thin air. The pregnant girl adopted a battle-ready stance and swung the sword in a perfect arc. The blade whistled through the air, fire dancing alone its lethal looking edge.

"Oh, my," Alluna said in awe.

Angel's full lips turned up in a wicked smile, her enormous blue eyes staring at Alluna from beneath dark lashes. "You'll be well protected, Luna. You're one of us now."

Alluna's throat tightened with emotion. "Th-thank you."

The girls converged on her with a heart-felt hug.

***

They piled into Anniel's Viper. Since Rowie and Angel would return with Remi and Devon, they left their transports in Alpha 7.

Angel still didn't quite have the grasp of using her powers to travel and fold space, so she talked with Alluna while Rowie and Anniel concentrated on taking them to a planetoid called X.

"I'm of Crystalian descent, but was born and bred in Grei captivity."

Alluna's eyes widened. "How awful."

Angel looked down at her belly, her hands covering it protectively. "It was. A nightmare." Her eyes rose to meet Alluna's once more, and Alluna saw the haunted look they had. "I was trained to be a whore. They'd put us in holo-sim tanks and virtually mated us with every compatible species there is." Her eyes became glazed, her look far away. "S-sometimes... they weren't compatible."

Alluna's heart sped up when tears appeared in the other girl's eyes. Reaching over, she put her hand over Angel's, making her start and focus on Alluna again.

Angel attempted a smile. "The first time I bled, they pulled me from my cage and took me to the Xenar slave market. There I was put up for sale." She swallowed. "That's where Lady Serena found me. She's the high priestess of the Venushtian temple on Venushti. She'd had a vision and came to rescue me."

"That's... amazing," Alluna said sincerely. "How did you meet Devon?"

Angel grinned. "I was to become a priestess and my task in proving my worth was to retrieve a holy relic that belonged to one of our defiled shrines. A demon that had been locked away in a frozen black orb."

Alluna felt terror shimmy up her spine. "D-demon?"

Angel nodded. "Devon."

Now Alluna's jaw dropped. Devon was a demon? The image of his inhumanly white skin, impossibly black hair, and glowing blue eyes came to mind.

"We're almost there," Anniel interrupted.

Alluna looked at her and then the swirling kaleidoscope of stars beyond the glass top of the Viper.

"Why did your mother have you locked away in a tower?"

Angel's question startled Alluna. She turned back to her, her brows furrowed as she thought. "She said the villagers would hurt me if I ever ventured out."

Angel's eyes narrowed. "But she went out, didn't she?"

Alluna blinked. "Well... um... yes." Mama never stayed with Alluna.

"And she slept in the tower with you?"

"N-no. She only came to bring me food every few moon cycles."

Angel just looked at her. "Did you put a love spell on Zak?"

Anniel and Rowie looked at Alluna this time.

Alluna shook her head. "No, I—I ... um..." Alluna frowned. She'd been practicing her Echize di' Drakkur, Dragon's Lure. "I don't know exactly what it's supposed to do other than lure a dragon to me," she finally admitted.

"You almost had Remi too," Rowie cut in.

Alluna stared at her wide-eyed. "Remi?"

Rowie nodded. "It was his fault Zak was near your tower in the first place. He opened a portal and Zak fell through. We came looking for Zak—Seth, Rem and me. When we were close to the tower Remi started acting strange..." Rowie rolled her eyes, "more than usual. He started walking like a zombie toward the tower. If it weren't for Seth, he might've broken his neck by falling into a secret tunnel a few paces from the bottom of the tower. We found Zak inside your tower, but he wasn't himself, and hasn't been himself really ever since that day."

Alluna nibbled her lip, worry clutching her innards. Did Zak want her because of a spell she inadvertently put on him? How could she break the spell? Her heart began a frantic staccato against her ribs. Did she really want to break the spell? What if he didn't want her anymore afterwards?

"Incoming communication," Anniel said breaking the tension.

The Viper's only electronic equipment blinked to life. The pale face of a male appeared on the com-unit screen. His hair was deep red and eyes a grey so light they looked white.

"Ah, Midnight Rose. We were expecting you."

Alluna bit back her gasp. The handsome male was a vampire, his fangs glinting pure white between rose-hued full lips.

"The boys are already there, I'm assuming," Rowie answered.

The vampire nodded. "You assume correctly. Your escorts are waiting. I've already signaled them to meet you. Do you have a relay?"

Anniel looked at Rowie with a raised brow. Rowie laughed. "We're in our Viper's coming from Signus. No relays in here."

The vampire smiled, his fangs showing even more. "No matter. I'm sure they will find you. I'll tell them to open their minds to you. Try to make contact."

There was a moment of silence.

"I think I feel them," Rowie whispered.

More silence.

"Yes," Anniel nodded. "That's them."

Alluna saw Angel peering out of the glass and looked also. At first, she saw nothing, but then eight silver dart-shaped pods appeared before them. The pods surrounded the Viper all around. One stopped in front, two hovered over them, two more flanked either side, and two lined up behind them. The last one dipped below their Viper.

They moved forward in perfect formation. After a few minutes, Alluna saw a cluster of planetoids. They circled a small yellow star.

"Haddasha is on Ibannia. A small planetoid about the size of Earth's moon," Anniel informed Alluna. "Its atmosphere is artificially generated, and, like the moon, the same side is always facing the sun."

"Haddasha was built on the dark side of Ibannia, on an extinct volcano," Rowie added.

Alluna watched mesmerized as the planetoid loomed closer. The rays of the sun behind it gave it the illusion of a black sun. It was beautiful. The closer they flew in the more details Alluna saw. Like the fact that the entire dark side of the planetoid was peppered with thousands upon thousands of lights, twinkling like space around them.

"Haddasha isn't the only establishment here," Anniel continued. "Ibannia's dark side has restaurants, luxury hotels, clubs and a small city were those that either work or own a business here live."

"What's on the other side where the sun shines?" Alluna asked.

"Nothing," Rowie answered. "It's an inferno. Nothing could ever survive there."

They dipped lower, until the formation of cities and transports were seen clearly.

The lights were blinding. Buildings made of glass and metal soared high twisting into fascinating shapes she never could have imagined in her wildest dreams. More transport pods surrounded them.

"Reporters," Angel snorted.

The view was blocked. There were too many transports surrounding them, but then they melted away to reveal a large, dark grey castle. Its' windows glowed red and golden strobes lit the dark sky from its towers. Alluna saw that the ground around the castle moved, flashes of light flickering like lightning from the strange mass. When they finally landed, she realized the mass was alive. There were millions of beings clamored together around the entrance to the castle. The girls settled the Viper on a red disk about one hundred paces wide.

"Alluna, keep your eyes forward all the time until we get in," Anniel told her.

"And keep your head up high," Angel added.

Rowie sighed. "Whatever you do, don't look scared."

Alluna gulped. She was actually terrified.

"Zak is in there waiting for you, honey," Anniel smiled giving her fingers a squeeze. "Think of that."

Alluna nodded. It definitely helped to think of Zak waiting for her.

My master—she thought, feeling a shiver race through her. She hoped he liked how she looked.

"Everybody ready?" Rowie asked taking a deep breath.

"As ready as we'll ever be," Anniel answered.

The top of the Viper rolled half way open.

"We gotta keep Row hidden until the last moment," Anniel confided into Alluna's ear.

The beings were roaring and cheering so loud, it almost left Alluna deaf.

More vampires stood in a line to either side, creating a path into the castle. Anniel helped Angel and then Alluna out of the Viper. They walked a few steps ahead and then stopped. Four vampires, wearing long black cloaks approached the Viper and extended their hands to Rowie.

Alluna thought Rowie looked like a beautiful Queen with her black lace and velvet gown. She pulled back her hair in a mass of twisted braids. It fell to her waist in a tumble of glossy black curls. Rowie placed her gloved hands into the vampires' and stepped out.

Alluna jumped in alarm when the roaring of the crowd grew louder. Lights were pointed at Rowie and Alluna could hear the name Midnight Rose chanted within the multitude.

"Who's Midnight Rose?"

Anniel nodded at Rowie. "It's her stage name as lead singer of Angel of Retribution."

Alluna's lips formed an O, her brain bringing to the forefront the information of AOR being an intergalactic rock band composed of vampires. Zak had supplanted the guitarist Imo for a while in another band called Draconius Imorteus, but had also made a name for himself in the music business.

They walked to a flat silver disk in the middle of the long red-carpeted entrance. Once they were all standing on the disk, it rose a few feet in the air and floated forward. The red carpet flowed like a river of crimson over a stone bridge. Alluna gulped when she caught sight of the fiery lava that filled the moat around this castle. The gargoyles she thought were decorations perched around the castle, watched with glowing yellow eyes. One transport hovered too close and two dozen of the demonic creatures attacked it, sending it hurtling out over the crowd. Alluna shivered in terror, hoping they wouldn't attack them.

Anniel threaded her fingers through Alluna's, looking down at her with a wide grin. Don't be afraid, Luna. They won't hurt us.

Alluna tried to smile back, but the glowing eyes of the snarling gargoyles had a shudder of terror running through her.

The disk approached the arched entrance. Doors were one hundred feet high by fifty wide creaked open a sliver, allowing the red glow from the interior to reflect upon their glossy black surface. Thousands of metal spikes covered the doors and two muscular Orgwards pulled them open wider to allow Remien to step out.

The multitude seemed to grow wild. This time Alluna clapped her hands over her ears.

Remi smiled, helping each one of them down from the disk. He wore black pants layered with metal-spiked belts and chains. His shirt was more like a clingy mesh that showed off his tattoos and nipple piercings, and over that, he wore a long glossy black trench coat that reached the floor.

The breeze ruffled wisps of his red mane. He grinned at Alluna offering her his hand. She grasped it gratefully and stepped down from the disk.

"Holy shit, Luna," he growled looking at her from head to toe. "Baby, you look totally hot."

Alluna gave a little start when he brushed his lips over hers.

Remi released Alluna and extended his hand to Rowie. His female accepted his hand and stepped down and into his body. They wrapped their arms around each other and fused their mouths in a fiery kiss. More lights flashed.

Anniel and Angel tugged on Alluna's hands. She followed them into the castle a little dazed.

Her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped. Lights flashed over a writhing, swaying multitude. The music was unlike anything she'd ever heard, the beat pounding through the soles of her high-heeled shoes.

The interior of the castle had multiple levels, spiraling stairways, and jutting balconies that rose to the high-arched ceiling. Large chandeliers made of polished brass and dripping with crystals held thick candlesticks. Golden flames flickered from their tips, casting a soft glow upon the vaulted ceiling. Crimson curtains drifted down around the ribbed columns that supported the vaulted ceiling. Lights of every color imaginable flashed around the cavernous interior.

"We're at our usual spot," Remi called out over Alluna's shoulder.

She turned to look back at him. Remi had Rowie tucked in front of him with his arm wrapped protectively around her waist, his hand resting on her small rounded belly.

Rowie's face was flushed, her fangs gleaming in the flashing lights as she smiled and gestured Alluna to follow Angel and Anniel's lead.

They wove their way through the throng of alien beings, deeper into the mammoth stone structure.

Alluna could feel the floor sloping down. There were raised pedestals where only a few beings lounged. A red force field kept everyone else out

"Those are the VIP areas," Rowie said over the loud music. "The closer the VIP area is to the center of the club, the more important the patron."

Alluna narrowed her eyes and looked toward the center of the vast dance floor. A flash ahead caught her attention. Devon was grinning and waving at them. She could see his bioluminescent eyes. There were other dark figures with him, but too many for her to make out.

It seemed like forever before they reached the circular VIP area of the Alpha Angels. It was in the dead center of the club. Two gargoyles stood watch at the entrance of the sectioned off area. It was a few feet higher than the rest of the dance floor and had a spectacular view of the entire club.

Devon stood at the entrance of the VIP area and greeted them when they stepped up onto the pedestal.

Alluna watched when he brushed a kiss over Anniel's smiling lips and then wrapped his arms around Angel. The pretty blonde melted against him as his mouth engulfed hers. Angel's arms went around his neck while Devon's hands roamed her back and cupped her ass to pull her into his groin. He moaned as his hips rolled against hers.

The feel of Remi's arm going around Alluna's shoulders startled her for a second, making her glance briefly at him. Remi still had his arm wrapped around Rowie, his eyes glinting in amusement at Angel and Devon who looked as though they were about to crawl into each other's clothes at any moment.

"Hey, you two," he snickered, "get a room for fuck's sake."

Angel jumped, tearing her kiss-plumped lips from Devon. She looked dazed for a few seconds before her face turned pink and the leg she'd wrapped around Devon's legs lowered to the glowing glass floor. Remi barked out a laugh making her frown and then stick her tongue out at him.

"Ha," Remi scoffed. "I dare you to bring that over here."

Angel sneered at him as Devon laughed and lifted his middle finger at the red-haired weredragon.

Rowie swatted Remi with her tiny fist, her giggles like tinkling bells. "Behave, you brat."

Devon's hand touching Alluna's arm had her snapping her gaze back to him. She tipped her head back, her eyes going round when he wrapped one big hand around her waist and drew her close. Just like Remien, Devon dipped his head and brushed his petal-soft lips over hers.

"You look beautiful, Luna," he said straightening with a smile.

"Th-thank you." Alluna couldn't help gaping at him. She still thought he looked like a god, inhumanely beautiful.

His head tipped to the side. "Go say hi to Seth."

She blinked, her hand going to her mouth. Seth. Alluna gasped, remembering she'd turned him into a toddler. Glancing in the direction Devon looked, she saw Seth rising from a high stool at their private bar. There were a few dark-haired males congregated there she didn't recognize, but it didn't matter because Seth had all her attention.

It was obviously going to be a night for staggering surprises.

He was no longer a toddler. Her eyes ran over his tall, lean, broad-shouldered length. Seth wore a long glossy black coat, its' collar high and tight around his neck with metal buttons marching down his torso in two rows to just below his waist, fitting him like a glove. From there, it flared out to sweep the floor, the split center revealing black velvety pants and tight boots laced up to his knees.

But it was not his eye-catching attire that had her jaw dropping. As he stood, his hair, that once just barely brushed the back of his shoulders, now spilled forward in a silken fall of platinum blond to his waist.

He stepped right up to her. She stared up at him suddenly feeling very tiny in front of the six-foot-six Alpha Angel. His eyes .held no warmth and his brows drew closer the slightest bit, making him look stern. "You and I are going to have a little talk on how to restrain impulsive outbursts of power." Seth's eyes narrowed as he waited for her response.

Alluna winced with a gulp. "Y-yes sir," she replied feeling chagrined. He had every right to be angry with her, but to her surprise, Seth leaned down and put his mouth over hers in a soft kiss that had her sighing.

"Welcome to the family, Luna," he said when he lifted his head to look at her.
