 On Monday, Brian walked onto campus a different person. Apparently his life was a really lude version of Harry Potter now. He was a Warlock. He still didn't know everything that entailed. He didn't understand his relationship with Betsy. Was the transcendental vision-blowjob just an initiation rite? There were so many questions, so many things to learn about this new powers. What he did know was that life would never be the same. He saw the auras on every student he passed. Every one was made of different colors. He found he could dial up his ability to see them if he tried, otherwise there was only a very faint glow. These people had no idea of the forces at play all around them. The discovery of a secret world made him confident in a way he'd never been before. School seemed so mundane now. 

He waltzed into his class with Mrs. Park in the nick of time. He took his seat, sprawled back on his chair, and quickly zoned out. He'd jerked off three times yesterday. But after the events at Betsy's apartment, it never left him completely satisfied. He was incredibly horny all the time, no matter what he did. As far as he could tell, Lust Magi had a vampiric nature. They gained power and satisfaction from feeding on others. That feeling of Betsy's aura bleeding into his own. He longed to feel that again. To feel her again. 

His gaze drifted to Mrs. Park at the front of the classroom. She was an older woman, about 40, but by god did she still have a body. Her kids had not let her get out of shape. Brian's eyes wandered over her as she passionately lectured Chemistry. Her skin was olive toned, and her hair dark brown. He admired her MILF tits and wide hips, willed her to turn to the blackboard so he could get a view of her fat ass. A swelling sensation started below his belt. He jolted out of his erotic daydreaming like he'd been dumped in cold water. His stupid sweatpants were stuffed with tissue paper to even out the bulge, but even that wouldn't conceal an erection, not even close. He felt all his newfound confidence drain out of him as he awkwardly shifted his legs in an attempt to innocuously hide his growing rod. 

Out of the corner of his eye he saw Abby at the row of desks behind his. She turned her head from the blackboard and peered at him through her glasses with a curious expression. He saw her eyebrows scrunch up at his odd posturing. Her eyes slowly wandered downward, then opened up wide. Her face turned bright red as she snapped her gaze back towards the teacher. Shit, she'd probably gotten a full view of the halfy against his leg. 

When class ended Abby got to the door before he'd even opened up his bag, skipping her typical drive-by greeting. He hoped he hadn't freaked her out too much. Maybe he could see if she wanted to play some online games or something later. 

Bzzzzzz!

His phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out in alarm, he didn't want another boner. The screen was lit up with a text notification from Betsy.

"Lesson 1 in 2 hrs from now."

--xxx--

He felt the hard edges of his spellbook through his hoodie pouch as he ascended the stairs to apartment 8. He'd examined it since Betsy had given it to him. It was bound in dark leather, and a drawing was printed on the front in gold. It depicted an ethereal, androgynous being, with breasts, a penis, and ram's horns. It held its hands to the heavens amidst a stylized wreath of light. When he opened the cover he found only blank pages. He didn't actually know that it was a spellbook, but he doubted it was a bird watching journal. 

He got to the landing, knocked on Betsy's door, and steeled himself for her presence, only to find somebody else receiving him when it swung open. What grabbed his attention first wasn't her green hair, or her multiple lewd tattoos, but her crop top that featured an intricate depiction of a skull vomiting smaller skulls. Betsy stood out because of her captivating features and sultry elegance, this girl just plain stood out. 

She was short, and about his age, 19 or 20. A belt buckle style choker hugged her neck, and multiple piercings ridged her ears, which stuck out slightly from her medium-length, mossy locks. Her crop top stretched over cute, handful-sized boobs, and revealed a small waist with a pierced navel. Below that she wore camouflage paratrooper fatigues that hugged extremely curvy hips. 

"Your the new guy?" her eyelined eyes looked him up and down with brows raised. "I mean nice aura but you look like you work in an ice cream truck."

"We'll work on his appearance." Betsy's voice sounded from around the doorframe. 

"I'm guessing you're the other apprentice," he said.

"You got me Sherlock," she turned and walked inside, leaving the door open for him. "At least you're a guy, been too much of a pussy party around here."

As he followed, he saw Betsy in a form-fitting women's business suit, flicking through a weathered tome on the couch. Her long hair was pulled into a tight ponytail. She wore a thin, pink tie under her blazer. It pressed against the middle of her full chest, pulling her white button-up tight and accentuating her breasts on either side. She turned to him and smiled.

"Brian, this is Sam," she gestured to the girl with green hair, "I expect you two to play nice."

"Or naughty," Sam added with a smirk. 

She was sitting with her legs up on a leather recliner he hadn't seen before. That left the remaining chair across from the couch to him. Betsy began talking as he sat.

"Sam, you're a year ahead of Brian, but you could do with some review of the basics."

Sam rolled her eyes.

"Brian, today you're going to learn the most fundamental skill of the Lust Magi, our only power, beyond aura-vision, that doesn't require additional materials or incantations."

"Ok but first I have a bunch of questions like-"

He shut up as Betsy became another person before his eyes. A person that lit up every cell in his body with the desire to rip off all her clothes and begin fucking her madly. Wait, he blinked a few times and noticed the aural energy in the air. She wasn't turning into another person, she was just radiating pure sex. So much so that she didn't even seem like Betsy. She was a goddess. This logical realization did nothing to change his opinion. He needed her. He needed to serve her by filling her up with his cock. He would thrust and thrust and release his seed deep inside her. His legs started moving without him telling them too. He stood up and began taking off his pants. 

"That's enough," Betsy spoke and was mortal again. Attractive within natural limits. The buzz of Lust faded from his mind. He pulled up his zipper and sat down.

"Wow," he breathed.

"Baby's first sex blast," Sam mocked from her chair. But he'd seen her hands move towards her crotch too.

"It's called the Siren's Call, the ability of Lust Magi to seem desirable to any potential lover." 

"I want to learn that."

"Good. Yours won't be as powerful as mine, not for a long time. But with this ability you can learn to seduce almost anybody, and begin cultivating sexual energy: our lifeblood."

"How?"

Betsy picked up a folder from the table and began rifling through it. She removed a piece of copy paper and flipped it around to show it to him. On the other side was a computer-printed photograph. 

"Practice makes perfect."

It was a girl he recognized from his Environmental Science class. Sam clapped her hands together in joy at the dumbfounded expression on his face. Betsy had unveiled the day's assignment.

--xxx--

Brian sidled up to the red-haired girl with sweaty palms. Her name was Stefanie, 10,000 leagues above his own. She looked like Faye Reagan and had a rich dad. He'd only ever seen her hanging out with dudes the size of dumpster trucks. He was pretty sure she did coke. How the everloving shit was this going to work? 

In his mind he repeated what Betsy had told him for the umpteenth time: "Look into their eyes, will them to desire you, and a switch will flip in your head. You'll feel yourself drawing them in."

Betsy and Sam were watching from the other side of the study lounge, looking very out of place among college students in slippers. The sight of Stefanie's ass in expensive jeans woke up his hunger for satisfaction. It had been building since that first morning in his bathroom. His lust mixed with his nerves. His heart was going to explode. He couldn't do this. He sucked in a breath and spoke. 

"Hey, umm, h-hey Stef." 

She turned around from the pencil sharpener and gawked at him. "Uhh, what?"

Awkward start, he brushed it off. He needed to double down, this was it. He locked onto her hazel irises and willed with all his might, tried to make himself believe that he was sexy. "Just wanted to say how cute I think you are."

Silence. He saw it in her face before he felt it. A subtle shift in her expression from apathy to intrigue. Then it hit him. His aura was rippling out and reaching for her. He felt an invisible line connecting them now, reeling her in.

She giggled and moved her hand up to her neck, "really?"

"Yeah, you're the best thing about History class." 

More giggles. "Oh my god that class is so boring, you should sit next to me tomorrow." She reached out and gently pushed his arm.

He had her. He'd never really flirted before but he knew she was into him. This power was incredible. He just had to seal the deal.

"Why don't you sit on me, today."

Jesus christ, there's no way that would fly. That was the worst line he'd ever heard. It was over. He heard Sam losing it across the room.

"I like a guy with confidence," Stefanie stepped in closer and wrapped an arm around his torso.

Brian couldn't believe it. But he knew what came next. He leaned down and kissed the party girl he'd never even talked to before squarely on the lips. He tasted her cherry chapstick as they locked mouths. She gently bit him as they came away, her expression told him everything he needed to know. He grabbed her hand and led her past Betsy and Sam. The first face with an approving smile and the second in disbelief. 

They turned down the hall, for once he didn't care who could see. The nerves were gone now, only hunger remained. He opened a gender neutral bathroom with a lock and pulled Stefanie inside. 

She managed to get out, "this is so hot," before he pushed her against the wall. 

She responded by simultaneously tongue kissing him and groping at his crotch. "Is that...?" she put both hands on the bulge in his pants and let out a girly shriek. "What the fuck is that it's huge."

He helped pull her shirt off as she frantically got to unpackaging his package. Her tits were fake, he realized, big round bolt-ons with quarter-sized areola. He bent down to squeeze them as she finally managed to pull out his cock. It sprang up and slapped her against the cheek. Stefanie looked up into his eyes and started sucking. 

For a full minute she sloppily blew him while he held back her hair, little moans escaping around his girth. But it wasn't enough. He wanted more. He pulled her off of his cock and roughly leaned her over a sink. She eagerly yanked down her jeans, and then a pair of polka dot panties. They stuck to her pussy lips as she peeled them off. Her ass was round and perky. He spread her pale cheeks and saw his first pussy in the flesh, shaved clean and dripping wet. But that wasn't his target. Betsy had explicitly told him to preserve his virginity. 

He spat on his hand and rubbed it into her asshole. Stefanie recoiled from his touch. He saw the hesitation on her face in the mirror above the sink. Then it turned into a look of craving. "Yes. Fucking destroy me."

It was all he needed to hear. Stefanie arched her back and pressed up her ass. Her tight, perfectly round little asshole contracted a bit as he lined up his giant cock. He put his thumbs on the dark skin around its gently raised perimeter and slowly propelled his hips forward. He had the perfect view of Stefanie's face in the mirror as he made contact. She closed her eyes and let out a pained moan as he worked just the head into her ass. It felt so tight. He began to slowly sway his hips, feeling her out. Stefanie was loud enough that people in the hall could probably hear. He didn't care. 

She strained and gripped the edge of the porcelain sink with white knuckles as he made it halfway inside her. He grabbed onto her long red hair and pulled it back as he picked up the pace. Her moans were mostly pleasure now, she leaned back into his thrusts. He slapped her ass and she let out a shriek. He was in ecstasy, completely primal. He felt his aura consume hers as he ravaged her asshole. Ribbons of red energy formed around her naked body and flowed into him. She was drooling and rolling her eyes, her fake tits bouncing beneath her. He watched himself grab her throat in the mirror as the climax arrived. With one last thrust as far as he could go, three quarters of his length deep inside her, he came. A torrent of semen filled her up as they both felt his cock pulse inside her. He almost passed out again. 

For a moment they both stood still. Then he withdrew his tool. It felt like it took ages for him to pull it all out. Finally, he unplugged her. It was a mess. Globs of cum and other substances leaked out in a constant trickle. She kneeled on the ground, paralyzed. She wouldn't be able to walk straight for weeks.