 Authors Note - You all wanted a longer chapter, so I have tried. There isn't much sex in this one, but be assured, it is coming :)

Chapter five -- Revelations

I awoke in a nice warm bed, and for a moment I thought that the whole thing had been a weird and freaky dream; or nightmare. Either way it was over now, and was nothing to worry about. 

I stretched, thinking of what I had to do that day, when my arm touched something unexpected; something warm, and smooth, an arm. I screamed out in shock, and jumped out of the bed, looking back at where I was lying. Next to where I was a short moment ago was a person; and not just any person. It was Alicia. Her red hair was a tangled mess, and her green eyes were awake and alert, looking at me with concern and compassion. 

She sat up slowly and reached her arm over towards me.

"Please, do not be afraid. You should know by now that I mean you no harm. Now please, come back to bed. I was not ready to wake up just yet." She said, smiling at me sweetly. When I saw that smile something inside me twisted. But it wasn't in a painful way. It was more like something inside of me was pulling me towards her, to the bed and everything that could be involved in that.

For once I ignored the sound of my inner conscience, and did what I wanted, not what I thought was right. I quickly got back into bed and sat beside her where she was sitting up. She looked at me longingly, but I didn't know what she wanted. When she didn't look away, I had to, feeling uncomfortable.

"Do you regret it?" Her voice was soft and quiet, but still it made me jump, cutting through the silence like a knife. It took me a moment to realise what she was talking about, but when I did it didn't take me that long to think of my answer. 

"No, I don't think so. Something inside of me is telling me that what happened was wrong, but..." I sighed, not knowing what to say. She smiled, and took her hand in mine.

"I know. When I was in your position I felt exactly the same way. Your brain tells you that it is wrong, but your heart tells you differently." She said, looking at our hands. I nodded, agreeing with what she had said.

"Is that it then now? I'm a w-wi- like you?" I asked, not being able to get the word 'witch' out. She smiled at me kindly.

"Time will tell. But now, you must eat." She said standing up and going over to the kitchen area on the other side of the room. She got out a bowl and put some food in it, and brought it over to be with a spoon to eat it with.

I began to eat, and while I did she sat next to me on the bed stroking my back, my hair, my arm, my leg, anywhere she felt like touching. After I had finished she took the bowl back over to the kitchen area. 

After that she came over to me and sat next to me. She touched and kissed me everywhere, making me feel so loved, so wanted. 

Suddenly there was a twist in my gut and I felt terribly sick. I moved away from her and leaned over the bed, throwing up violently. Soon my head was hurting, and every muscle in my body hurt.

"What have you done to me!?" I yelled at Alicia, not wanting to believe that she had harmed me yet again, after her tenderness just a moment ago. But she simply rubbed my back and held my hair out of my way while I vomited.

"It was not me sweetie. It is the witch blood in you, it is activating. I am afraid you will be like this for a few days. But after that you will not get sick ever again." She said before I passed out.

For the next few days I passed in and out of consciousness, so I wasn't aware of much that happened around me. But I was very aware of Alicia. She took care of me, wrapping me up warm when I was cold, cooling me down when I was unbearably hot. She helped me eat and drink, and even washed me. She would sing to me, and talk to me, even though I wasn't aware of much. And every night she would cuddle up to me, and comfort me.

One day I awoke and didn't feel ill. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. It felt good not to be in pain anymore. I looked next to me where Alicia lay, peacefully sleeping. All of a sudden I felt a pang of need. Not for food, or drink, but for her. I was hers now, and I wouldn't have it any other way. 

Gently I pulled the sheets back, and looked at her naked form. Since I had awoke in this bed after our very first night together we had both always been naked. 

Looking at her I felt the need in me begin to boil. I wanted her; I needed her, in a way I could never have imagined. Being extra careful not to wake her I straddled her, and took one of her nipples in my mouth and nursed, like a baby from its mother. She moaned and twisted, but didn't wake. I moved onto her other nipple, biting and sucking it. She continued to moan, and I wondered what she was seeing in her sleep, if she was seeing me doing this to her... or someone else. With that thought I felt a pang of jealousy. She was mine! No one else could ever have her!

Still being careful not to wake her I kissed down her stomach, paying close attention to her belly-button, and continued my way down to her most private parts. 

I licked my lips and began to eat her. I didn't really know what I was doing, but all I knew what that I wanted all of the sweet juice that was coming out of her. 

I guess she woke up long before she cried out in ecstasy, because she knew it was me.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!! Alison, baby, yes! Do not stop! Yes, yes yes! I love you baby, I always have!" She cried out, and then collapsed limp onto the bed, her eyes staring at the ceiling in a daze of pleasure.

What she had said had confused me. She said that she loved me. But did she mean it? Or was it just a spur of the moment thing? My heart ached, but I wasn't sure why. 

I crawled up the bed and lay next to her, watching her come back to the land of the living. When she did she turned to me and kissed me with such passion that I had to believe that she had meant it, that she truly did love me. 

Slowly she blinked a few times and turned to face me, pulling me into her arms kissing me with such force and passion that I felt completely out of control, but I found that I didn't want any. 

After kissing me for what seemed like an eternity, she pulled back and stroked my face affectionately.

"Now that is how I would love to wake up every morning." She said, smiling. I knew there that I'd be her alarm every morning, waking her in the best way possible. All I wanted to do was please her, and the strength of that want scared me. 

She let go of me and got out of bed, and went to get some clothes. As she did I admired her naked body. I started with her fiery red hair, cascading down her back. Just below the end of her hair was her full round buttocks. It was perfectly shaped and to me it looked like an upside down heart. Her waist was thin and toned. Her skin was pale, and I found myself wanting to worship it all day long. 

She picked up a white dress and turned around before slipping it over her head, so I got a glimpse of her gorgeous globes. I found myself licking my lips at the sight. But before I could admire them more she slipped the dress over her head and her body was covered. 

Her dress was almost as amazing as her naked body, almost. It was white and flowed just like water down a stream. It reached the floor, and had long sleeves. She walked over to the door and looked back at me.

"Come on. We have work that needs doing." She told me, it was practically an order, and I complied instantly. I stood next to her at the door, shifting uneasily. "What is the matter now?" She snapped at me, I flinched and replied shyly. 

"I don't have any clothes on." I motioned to my naked body. She reached our and grasped my nipples, twisting and pinching them painfully.

"Did I tell you to put any clothes on?" She asked me sternly, and I shook my head. She let go of my nipples, massaging them softly. I didn't understand her, one minute she was kind and caring, next harsh and cruel. 

"Look, I need to explain some thing to you, and it would be best if we did that in the sitting room in front of a nice warm fire." She said, looking a bit dazed, as if she couldn't believe what she'd just done. 

She grabbed a hold of my hand and led me up the stairs. I followed her silently, wondering what she wanted to explain. Once upstairs in the main room she pulled me over to the sofa and sat me down before going at making two drinks. She came over and sat next to me, giving me a cup and having one herself. I took a sip and found the drink quite pleasant and calming. After a few moments she turned to me with a serious look in her eyes.

"Alison. I want to explain to you how I was introduced into this life. It is the only experience I have of how to become a witch. I am sure there are other ways, but I do not know them. You see, I was sixteen years old when I first had witch blood in my veins. Unlike with you, the witch blood in me became active instantly and I became very sick. I was sick for a much longer time than you was, a whole year in fact. My mentor, Harriett, thought it was because my body was trying to reject the blood, she explained that sometimes that happens. I knew it would not happen with you because the blood had been in you longer, allowing your body to adjust. So I was seventeen, nearly eighteen when I was finally well. She was nice enough to let me wait until I was ready to start my training. It was two months after I turned eighteen that I finally told her I was ready. You see, witch blood gives you unusual desires; sexual desires, and not of the normal kind." She explained looking at her feet. I understood what she meant.

"You mean desires for other women, don't you?" I asked her and she nodded.

"For those two months between me being well, and the beginning of my training, I had been trying to resist it. It got too bad I am afraid. Eventually every time I stepped outside and saw another woman, I had the unbearable desire to pounce on her, and take her there and then. I told Harriett this, and she explained to me about witch blood. She explained that the only way she knew how to get rid of those desires was to train me in the way that she had been." She explained, taking a deep breath. I thought she'd continue but she didn't. She seemed lost in her own thoughts.

"How did she teach you?" I asked her softly, as not to startle her. She looked me in the eyes, and took my hand.

"In a way I found most wonderful. It was pleasurable and painful. She taught me, and every time I got it right she would reward me. She would give me the most amazing pleasure. And when I got it wrong she would punish me. It hurt, by the devil it hurt, but it motivated me to do better. In time I did get better, and she no longer needed to train me." 

"So that was it then?" I asked, thinking there was more to the story than she was saying. She shook her head.

"Obviously the witch blood in us kept our desires strong, and we tried to continue a sexual relationship. But we were simply too alike; both of us wanted to be in control of the other. Eventually it became obvious to us that it would be best if we went our separate ways." She said, sighing wistfully. 

"What did you do about your desires after that?" I asked her. 

"I invented. I have always been very gifted, and the witch blood in me just made it stronger. A few months after I had left I started to have visions. At first I thought I was simply going insane with my desire. But the dreams were persistent, and eventually I made what I saw. I used witchcraft to make them work, since it was the only power source that would make these objects do what I intended them to do."

"What were they?" I asked her. She looked at me, as if I should know the answer.

"You already know. I used some of them to activate the witch blood in you." She said quietly, and I nodded my head. 

"What does this have to do with me?" I asked her. 

"The way I was trained, as I said, is the only way I know how to train you; with punishments and rewards. And if afterwards we find we are compatible as me and Harriet were not you are very welcome to stay with me as long as you wish." She said. I thought about it for a moment and realised that this was what I had been searching for my entire life. The love and acceptance she gave me. I no longer thought it was a sin to be with another woman, just as I no longer thought it was a sin to be a witch. There was nothing I wanted more than to be trained by her, in more ways than one.

"There is nothing I want more, than to stay here with you, forever." I said. She smiled, a huge happy smile, with tears running down her cheeks. She pulled me into her arms and kissed me with such passion and love that I thought I might faint.

"I was hoping you would say that." She whispered in my ear.