 Chapter two -- Payment

Her home was a beautiful little cottage, deep in the woods. It looked like it belonged there, with plants growing wildly all around it, and some even climbing up the side of the walls. She led me into the cottage, and the inside was as beautiful as the outside, but also creepy. It was dimly lit, only by a small fire. Inside were a lot of charms, potions, herbs and other magical items. There was also a kitchen, a few chairs, and a huge bed. There were other items that I did not recognise. She led me over to a chair in front of the fire and I sat down, she sat opposite me. 

"So tell me a little about yourself. I know much, of course, but I would like to hear it from you." It wasn't really a question but more of an order. One I couldn't refuse.

"Okay, well my name is Alison, but you knew that. I am eighteen years old, and am not married and do not have any children." I said, shrugging. She smiled devilishly.

"But are you a virgin?" She asked me, and I felt confused. Surely if I had said that I was not married then that means that I am a virgin?

"Like I said, I am not married, and am without children." I answered confused. She smiled, a little more kindly this time.

"Oh my girl, you are so innocent. I am going to have my work cut out for me here" She said, more to herself than me. "I need not ask any more questions, since that pretty much explains everything that I need to know. Now it is time for me to speak. I realize that you do not know much about me, and what you do know is most likely village gossip." She said, shaking her head in disgust. 

"So you are not a witch?" She burst out into joyous laughter at my question.

"Look around you girl, and what do you see? Would a normal person live alone in the woods with all sorts of unusual items? Yes, I am what most people refer to as a witch, but you see most people's interpretations of a witch are incorrect. I am not in league with the devil, and have never met him, I also pray to God I never will. I am a very religious woman, and believe my powers originate from God. Although I was taught my ways, and was not born with it, I believe it was from God in which these powers originally came from. But these powers also have side-effects, and I shall come to that later. Right now I want to speak about the deal I made with your father eighteen years ago." She said, standing up and going over to the little kitchen area. 

She mixed a few different liquids and came back over with two cups in her hands. She handed one to me and then sat opposite me. I looked into the cup and saw a strange purplish liquid. I assumed it was a drink of some sort, but was reluctant to try it.

"Drink while I speak." Yet again this was more of an order, and I took a sip not wanting to anger someone who had just admitted to being a witch. The liquid tasted salty and tangy, but also had a bitter taste to it. I did not like it, but kept drinking as I did not want to offend her. "You see, the deal I made with your father all those years ago needs to be paid, and..." She said, but I cut her off.

"My father is dead." I said, feeling the sorrow of my loss. She chuckled a little bit and then took a sip of her drink before continuing. 

"You misunderstand girl, the price is not for your father, and never was. He knew the price was for you, but clearly tried to keep you from it. I am sorry for what is about to happen Alison, but I am afraid there is no other way. Every form of magic has its price, and I am afraid in saving your life all those years ago there is a very big price to be paid. I already paid my price for it, now you need to pay up." She said compassionately. As she spoke I began to feel lightheaded, and very dizzy. Everything in my vision became blurry, and I rubbed my eyes but sadly that had no effect. My head was pounding and I could hear a thumping in my ears. My heart was racing, and my breath came in short shallow pants.

"What have you done to me!?" I snapped at her. I stood up to escape but soon lay face down of the floor, my legs unable to support me. 

"I am terribly sorry Alison. This needs to be done. All it is is a little potion to dull your senses, and put you to sleep. I promise you it will cause you no harm. In fact you will have the best sleep since your father died, and will wake well rested." She said calmly. Everything began to go dull, and I managed to shout, 

"Devil take you, you evil witch!" Before falling into a deep sleep. But I fear it came out no more than a whisper.