 Authors Note - Hey guys! Only a short chapter, and no sex in this one, but dw! it's coming!!

Chapter Seven – History

Getting ready to go out was an unusual experience. Alicia insisted that I not lift a finger. She washed me, combed my hair and styled it. She even picked out my clothes and dressed me. 

My clothes were very simple. A nice white dress that flowed like it was made of water. I asked what I was made of, and Alicia simply winked and said,

"No material you will have ever heard of." and continued to dress me. She put a black ribbon around my waist, and gave me some simple black shoes to wear. No underwear.

After I was ready she got dressed herself. She wore a black suit like a man would wear, but it looked very feminine at the same time. She let her hair fall free, making her look absolutely stunning.

Before we left she gave me a black box. I looked at her curiously.

"Open it" She muttered nervously. Inside was a gorgeous black collar, with a love heart in the middle. I gasped at its beauty.

"I want you to be mine; forever. Plus if you went to the club without a collar you'd be practically raped." She said jokingly, but I shivered. Rape was a too real concept in my village. It was very common for a man to rape his wife when she wouldn't give him what he wanted. 

Alicia didn't notice my shiver, and took the collar from my hands. She lifted my hair and placed it around my neck, letting her hands linger on my skin. She bent towards me, placing a delicate kiss on my neck. She took my hands and we walked to the door, but just as she opened it I froze. What if someone saw us? She looked at me, concern clear on her face.

"Alison, what is the matter?" She asked me.

"What if someone sees us? They know I'm with you, they'll hate me!" I said, petrified of what could happen if the village found out I was with Alicia, if they knew I was a witch!

I saw anger flash in her eyes, and I backed away, frightened. She took a deep breath and managed to calm herself.

"I do not care what the villagers say. They are humans, and mean very little to witches. Once you have been a witch for longer you will understand. Witches do not care about the thoughts and affairs of humans, unless those humans are their partners." She explained and I thought about it. It did make sense. It was like Alicia and I lived in a separate world to the humans that lived close to us; like we were in a protective bubble that nothing could touch. Then I thought of something.

"If you don't care much for humans, why did you help my father? Why help me?" I asked puzzled. She took my hand and led me out of the cottage and into the forest.

"You father seemed so helpless, so lost. He explained that his wife had died giving birth to you, and you were his only link to her. To begin with I could not care less. He was a human, and you a baby. Babies die, it is no big deal." She shrugged, but I saw something in her eyes, like the subject touched her more than she was letting on.

As we walked through the forest I expected animals to run from us, knowing what we are, but they did the opposite. They came to us, twining around our ankles and I picked up a squirrel, fascinated. Alicia saw and explained.

"We are not in league with the devil. The fact that animals come to us so willingly without even being called is proof of that." She explained, and I smiled, putting the squirrel gently on the floor. Alicia continued her explanation as we walked.

"Your father was very persistent. He did not leave, even when I roused my magic to try and scare him away. He eventually broke down. He fell to his knees shaking and sobbing. Begged me to at least look at you, see if there was anything I could do. I agreed, planning on telling him there was nothing to be done and send him away. He gave you to me, put you in my arms, and I could not refuse. I could refuse your father easily. You were a different matter. You looked so innocent, so pure, that I knew it would be a great loss to the world if you were to perish. So I saved you. Your father knew the price and accepted. I am very glad he did." She finished her story, turning to me smiling. I smiled back, and she gave me a very small kiss. I blushed, giggling.

We spent the rest of our journey in silence, but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable. It felt peaceful and dreamy. Soon we reached a large building in the middle of the forest. It looked so out of place, but also like it belonged. I turned to Alicia.

"Where are we?" I asked her, curious. She smiled, and pointed to a sign over the door. It was a picture of a red dragon. I looked back at her, confused.

"It is a club called the red dragon. I believe you will like it here." She said, and pulled me forwards. 

We got to the door, and Alicia opened it without knocking, like she lived here. Inside it was dimly lit with a red light. I don't understand where the light came from, and it confused me. 

It was a corridor. At the other end was another door, and just before that a table with a woman sitting at it. She smiled when she saw Alicia and also gave me a welcoming smile.

"Hello Susie! It has been a while." Alicia greeted the woman smiling. She motioned to me and introduced me. "This is Alison." When Alicia introduced me Susie's eyes widened with curiosity. I smiled, trying to seem nice. 

Susie looked at me and smiled back.

"It's nice to meet you Alison." She said warmly. She wrote on the piece of paper in front of her and then turned back to Alicia. "You can go in now. I'll come and join you later and we can catch up." She said smiling. 

Alicia took my hand and led me through the door and into another world.