 Chapter Four -- Paying the Price

She let me cry, and did nothing more than sit and watch. I was glad she didn't try and comfort me, because that would have only made things worse. She let me cry for a while, and when I'd stopped crying she helped me sit up, and sat next to me. 

"I know this will not make it any better, but I had to go through the same things, only I was younger than you are now. I know you will not consent to it, but it has to be done. So I better get started then." She said, standing up. I looked at her, fearing what was to come. She muttered something under her breath, while waving her hands about, and suddenly I fell limp. I collapsed onto the floor and could move nothing below my neck. 

"What have you done to me!?" I gasped, shocked and afraid. She came over to me and began untying me. I was even more scared since I couldn't feel anything below the neck either.

"I am terribly sorry Alison. But I cannot have you running off to die. I will take the spell off before I continue; otherwise you will not feel a think which I do to you. And it is important that you do." She explained as she untied me. After she had finished that she began to move me into a different position. She tied both my hands to the floor above my head, and my legs to the floor, spread apart. She could see everything. I felt mortified. Here was this witch who was about to take my virginity and she could see into my privy parts! I began to cry again, this time silent tears of humiliation.

After she had finished that she stood up and began muttering and waving her arms again. Soon my body began to go tingly, and then back to normal. She began to stroke my leg.

"Can you feel that?" She asked me, and I nodded. She didn't stop as I expected her to but continued, getting closer and closer to my privy parts. I was shocked and ashamed to find that I was enjoying her attention! I closed my eyes and refused to look at her. 

Eventually she reached my crotch, but instead of touching me there like I expected she continued upwards, across my stomach and to my breasts. At this point I opened my eyes and looked down at her. I was surprised to find that my nipples were hard. How could I be enjoying this!? I kept telling myself that this was wrong. It was a terrible sin, but I couldn't deny what my body was telling me. 

I suddenly gasped allowed as she wrapped her lips around my left nipple and began to suck. The sparks that went down my body to my privy parts was amazing! I moaned allowed, and she looked up at me, smiling. She lay on top of me, I hadn't noticed until then that she was naked also. Her breasts against mine send more shocks through my body. She began to kiss and bite softly at my neck. But I longed for her lips on mine. By now I had given up fighting, and had succumbed to my body's desires. 

"You like it? You cannot lie to me; I see it in your eyes. Simply say you give in, that you submit to me, and I will indulge your body in its deepest desires." She whispered in my ear, but I couldn't do it. For I already liked what she was doing, to admit it allowed would send me down a road I was not willing to travel. I closed my eyes and shook my head in denial.

She sighed, and continued to kiss her way down my body. Soon she was kissing my privy parts. It felt amazing, and I longed for her to continue. It felt as though heat was building up inside me, wave after wave until... But she stopped. I groaned in frustration.

"Submit Alison. That is all you need to do. Simply say you submit and I will let you fall into the sweet bliss that you so badly desire." She whispered, but I still protested. 

She sighed, and shook her head. 

"I did not want to do this without your permission Alison, but you leave me no choice." She said getting up and picking up the tub. Once she opened it she got a large amount of the stuff on her fingers, and began to rub it on my privy parts. Within seconds my privy parts were tingling madly. I twisted and tried to pull away from her, but being bound the way I was prevented such movement. She took her hand away from me, but the tingling remained, and put some of the stuff on the big black object. She then pressed it on my entrance, and my eyes widened in fear. Did she really intend to put that thing inside me like a man would with his wife? I began to sob, and beg.

"Please no! Please I don't want this! Please let me go!" I begged her, and although I saw a deep sadness in her eyes she didn't stop.

"I am honestly very sorry for this Alison. But it needs to be done. You will thank me for this in years to come." She said, pushing harder. I screamed out in pain. It felt as though I was being ripped apart! I screamed and continued to beg, but she didn't stop. She continued to push that thing inside me until it was as far as it would go.

She left it there, and came up to my face. She brought her lips to mine and kissed me passionately. I tried to pull away, but she would not let me. Eventually I found myself kissing her back, enjoying the sweet attention that I had craved my whole life. 

She kissed me for a long time, until the pain had subsided, and the warm tingly pleasure was back. At that point she stopped kissing me and took hold of the long black thing again. She pulled it out, and I sighed, thinking my whole ordeal was over. But I was sadly wrong. Once it was almost all out, she pushed it back into me, and then back out, repeating this over and over. At first the feeling was uncomfortable, but as she continued it became an amazing pleasure, and I was soon moaning with pleasure. 

Soon I was reaching the amazing bliss that I had approached before, but yet again she stopped before I could get there. I looked at her longingly, and she looked back expectedly. 

"You know what you must say before I allow you this pleasure. I can spend all night and day doing this, but you will only become more frustrated. Just say it." She pleaded with me, not wanting to continue this torture. 

I lay there thinking for a few seconds, wondering what I was letting myself in for. But I couldn't deny what my body wanted. It was a basic need, like needing food, water and air. Not only my body wanted it, but I wanted it. I craved this so much, craved the attention, desire, lust and love that this witch could give me. So I said the words that I wouldn't just a few moments ago.

"I submit. I'm yours." I said, tears rolling down my cheeks. I looked up at her to see she was crying also, happy tears of joy. It was like she could see everything within my head, and knew that I now felt as though I belonged, that I was home.

She continued to pump the black object in and out of me, and this time she didn't stop. I approached the sweet bliss and rode the waves of pleasure until I was exhausted, and everything went black.