 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † † 

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both. 

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different. 

† † † † † 

"Hi there," I said to the three busty receptionists of Lassiter, Dash and Collins who looked up at me and smiled.

"Oooh, Mr Hazard, you're out of hospital," the cute blonde said.

"I'm so glad you're okay," the redhead beside her said.

"Thank you," I said, smiling back at them. The last time I was here I'd been dumbfounded having no idea who they thought I was. Now I was more than willing to play up to my status as a pornstar. "Is Darla available?" I asked them.

"Let me just check for you," the brunette said, bending over to tap at her keyboard, giving me a perfect view of her deep cleavage. She picked up a phone and, still looking at me, her arms squashing her tits together, she said "Hi Francesca, is Ms Lassiter free? Alex Hazard's here to see her." She nodded at the reply and thanked her, replacing the phone. "Francesca will be down in just a moment," the receptionist said.

"Is it true you're going to be doing a scene with your mother?" the blonde asked breathlessly, the other two girls edging closer for my reply.

"That's right," I said, leaning on the counter, making no attempt to hide the fact I was staring at their huge tits. "My sister's going to be in it as well," I said.

"I can't wait to see that," the redhead replied. She ran her fingertips down the edge of her shirt, her nails grazing the swells of her big mounds. "Your mom and sister must be the luckiest girls around to have you whenever they want."

"We're not exclusive to each other," I said, winking at them. I lowered my voice a little. "I'd happily share what I've got with any of you - - or maybe all of you together?"

I swear all three of their faces just lit up at the idea of big dicked pornstar Alex Hazard - - that's me! - - getting in their pants. I grinned - - this was exactly the reaction I was getting used to round here!

Before any of them could reply, though, Francesca - - Darla's secretary - - arrived looking like she'd stepped out of a factory that produced stereotypical secretaries. She was good looking with a mass of dark hair arranged neatly in a bun on top of her head and a pair of round, thick black framed glasses perched on the end of her button nose. Her black skirt and white blouse did nothing to hide the killer figure beneath, a deep and inviting cleavage visible with the slightest hint of a lacy bra imprisoning her big tits. In her right hand she held a pen, in her left a clipboard.

"Mr Hazard," she said with a smile. "It's good to see you. If you'd like to follow me?"

I waved a goodbye to the receptionists and followed Francesca to the elevator, watching her perfect ass move beneath her skirt. As before, she directed me to Darla's office, let me in and left.

I looked around Darla's office just like I had last time I was here, noting the differences between Pornoland and the Old World. Massive wooden desk; keyboard, monitor, mouse; pads and pens; huge leather seat behind it. There was the fantastic view of the city out the window and a mini-bar in one corner with a large sofa in another. 

Movie posters were hanging from the wall but some of them had changed since the last time - - Breaking Butt showed a man with a bald head and goatee surrounded by busty babes, the tag line reading "They can't wait to give him their crack"; Game of Whores showed another big breasted woman astride a throne made of huge dildos; Friendship of The Ring showed another bevy of busty fantasy beauties beset by orcs and dragons; Sinful City showed stark black and white images all contained within the silhouette of another big titted pornstar.

Over on one wall, a poster for The Girl with The Pearl Necklace showed the wonderfully busty pornstar Lisa Hazard leaning forward, several long strings of pearls wrapped around her neck and disappearing into her deep cleavage that was formed by the tight corset she wore. She held yet more pearls up, draping them over her outstretched tongue as she smiled at the camera.

Lisa Hazard - - my mother.

"She's up for a couple of awards for that one," Darla said from behind me as she walked in from the en suite.

I turned and smiled at her, once more taking in the Pornoland version of my Old World agent. Back there, you wouldn't give her a second glance unless you liked middle aged skinny women. Here in Pornoland, she was a total MILF, just like my mother. She had curly, platinum blonde hair that fell down to her waist; long, trim legs; a pert, round ass; a tiny waist; and, just like every other woman in this crazy, wonderful place, a pair of huge, fake tits. Just like my last visit, she wore a plain yet sexy business suit that she could probably go to business meetings in, but still couldn't hide her fantastic body.

We hugged perhaps longer than just agent / client really should - - no, screw that, it was definitely longer than any normal agent / client hug!

"So," she said looking up at me, still with her arms around my waist. "You've finally had your mom and sister and now you want to sign them up for an all anal scene with you and Sarenna Fey?" she asked, referring to the phone call we'd had earlier.

"That's right," I said smiling at her, my own hands just resting above her ass. "Think there'll be a problem with that?"

Darla laughed. "Only that most every other model will be jealous of Sarenna," she said. "Why the change of heart? You were always so dead set against doing anything with your mom and Chelsea."

I shrugged and brazenly groped her ass. "Let's just say I had something of a wake-up call. By the way," I said, getting my phone out of my shorts. "I think I've found a new model for you."

I brought up some photos I'd taken of Siobhan after I'd fucked her in the coffee shop bathroom and showed them to Darla. The busty waitress smiled up at the camera, her T-shirt stretched tight across her big tits, pools of my cum staining it dark.

"Mmmmm, she's really pretty," Darla said. "Looks like you've already auditioned her."

"Yeah, she's something of a fan of mine, and couldn't wait to show me what she had." I said. "She's keen to do a sequel to Adventures of a Computer Analyst. Apparently it's her favourite film."

"Really?" Darla said with a little surprise. "She knows that'd be an all anal film?"

"She didn't have a problem with that before I took those pictures," I said, squeezing Darla's butt cheeks with my free hand.

Darla looked up at me, smirking. "You mean you sodomized this lucky girl before coming to see me?"

"Damn right," I said with a smirk of my own. I love this world!

"And you want to do an anal video with your mom, sister and Sarenna?" Darla said, taking my phone and slipping it back into my pocket, running her hand down the outside of my shorts, feeling my thick length twitching and hardening.

"That's right. We're planning on practicing that just as soon as I get home, too," I said.

As you can imagine, having finally fucked my mom and sister, I was looking forward to getting home and doing them in the ass as well. I knew that even though I'd fucked my doctor and nurse that morning, then mom and Chelsea, then Siobhan and - - if this went according to plan - - Darla in a moment, I'd have no problem getting it up and fucking the perfect, round asses of both my mother and sister this evening. Again - - I love this world!

"Mmmm, sounds like you're back to your normal butt loving self," Darla said, grasping my cock through my shorts. I cupped both her ass cheeks, starting to slowly pull her skirt up though it was so tight I had some difficulty. "Give me the waitress's number before you go and we'll definitely get her in for a screen test. She looks perfect for a part in the sequel to Saint Tiffany's I've got planned." She smiled at me again. "Want to replay your scene with me from the first Saint Tiffany's?"

"My memory's a bit fuzzy," I lied once more. "Which film was that?" I asked, leaning down and kissing her gently as I groped at her ass, finally pulling her skirt up and over her ass cheeks, only the flimsiest of g-strings attempting to cover them.

"You're the headmaster of an all girls' school, all of them over eighteen, of course," she said, stroking my cock, gripping it through my shorts as it strained upwards, trying to get free. "I'm the sports teacher. When the school gets into financial trouble, we come up with a plan to save it."

"And does that plan mean fucking the girls?" I asked, pulling her g-string out of her ass and sliding my finger down and under, finding the hot, moist slit of her pussy.

"Fucking them - - filming them - - and selling the films - - aaahhhhh," she sighed as I slipped first one then a second finger into her tight pussy. "And to celebrate - - mmmmm - - saving the school - - we fuck in the final scene," Darla said, unbuttoning my shorts and pushing them down, my huge cock springing up and into her hand.

I turned her round and laid her back on the large wooden desk, making her squeal in surprise. I quickly unbuttoned her jacket followed by her tight blouse, her huge, round, fake tits popping free as I pulled down the cups of her lacy bra. I quickly clamped my lips on her small, hard nipples, sucking one then the other as my cock bumped against her g-string covered pussy. I grabbed her skirt and finished pushing it up to her waist, revealing the tops of her hold up stockings, before I quickly stood and pulled off my T-shirt, leaving me naked and her still dressed - - okay, slightly undressed but you know what I mean.

"Oh god - - oh fuck yes," she moaned, reaching down between and grabbing my big cock head, smearing the pre-cum over the knob. "Fuck me, Alex - - give me that big, fucking cock."

As Darla pulled her tiny g-string aside with her other hand, she guided my dick towards her hot, wet twat and, with just the slightest of nudges, it slipped inside, the first couple of inches disappearing into her.

"Oooooh, fuck - - fuck, I've missed this," Darla said looking up at me as I started moving my hips, pushing a little more of my cock inside her with each thrust. "Fuck me, Alex - - fuck me."

Who was I to deny a lady? I eased more of my dick inside her tight pussy with each thrust until, with a sigh from both of us, my balls rested against her ass. I leaned down and kissed her, my hands full of her huge tits once again as I started moving, dragging my cock almost all the way out and then sliding it back in, slowly at first, then picking up pace.

"Oooooff - - oooooh, fuck yeah," Darla moaned as she felt my cock slide in and out of her pussy. "Fuck my cunt - - fuck my horny, juicy cunt!" she cried, reaching down between us to rub at her clit as my big dick pushed in and out of her pussy.

I picked up my pace, cramming my cock inside her tight hole over and over, my hands full of her huge tits, grinning as they bulged out around my fingers, her perfect globes too big for my hands. Whoever said more than a handful is a waste was a fucking idiot if you ask me.

"Jesus - - ohhhh fucking hell - - gonna cum!" Darla groaned, her whole body shaking on the desk as I fucked her hard and fast through her orgasm, her pussy muscles clenching around my shaft, her arms flailing round, hitting things off the desk as we fucked. "Aaarghhhhh - - fuck me - - fuck me - - with your big cock!" Darla cried as though there were the slightest chance of me stopping!

As she recovered, I slowed down a little, kissing her gently as she got her breath back. Eventually she pushed me back a little, making me stand up, as she reached between us again and grabbed the thick shaft of my cock. Darla pushed me back, forcing my cock out of her pussy, smiling up at me the whole time.

"All this talk about anal," she said, leaning up slightly so she could push my cock down between her butt cheeks, "has got me in the mood for a little myself."

I couldn't help but grin at her as I pushed forward, the spongy head of my knob flattening out for a second as it came up against the tight ring of muscle of her asshole. We both gasped as it popped inside, followed by the first inch or so of my shaft.

"Oh fuck - - slowly, slowly," she sighed, her eyes wide. "It's been - - quite some time," she said.

"Since you've been buttfucked?" I asked, not quite believing her.

"Since I've - - uuuhnnnnn - - had such a big cock - - in my ass," she said, closing her eyes as I started to move again, slowly inching my thick shaft deeper into her asshole. She bit her bottom lip, eyes scrunched shut, concentrating on me ever so slowly starting to fuck her ass. "Ohhh Jesus - - aahhhhhh - - fuck that's good," she sighed, rubbing at her pussy with one hand as I quickened my pace, stuffing more and more of my prick into her tight asshole.

"How's that feel?" I asked her, looking down and watching my cock disappear and reappear from her ass. Back in the Old World the closest I'd come to anal was hesitantly trying to finger a girl's butt before she slapped me round the face - - here I was in Pornoland buttfucking my second girl in as many hours with my sister and mother lined up to get the same later this evening!

"Like you need - - aaahhhhnnnn - - need to fucking ask," Darla said, opening her eyes again and smiling at me. "Now fuck my ass hard!" she demanded.

I grabbed her stocking clad legs by her knees, pushing them back and apart, and started sawing my cock in and out of her butthole, going balls deep in her perfect round ass every time. She started to moan, a long, drawn out wail of pleasure as I fucked her asshole hard and fast, her huge fake tits rolling around on her chest, still mostly held in place by her blouse, jacket and bra that she was still wearing. Her moans might have been a bit too loud though as a moment later her secretary, Francesca, opened the door and stepped in asking, "Ms Lassiter? Are you okay? Oh!" she finished, seeing me naked and her still mostly clothed boss fucking on her desk.

"Oooooh fuck - - never - - never fucking better! Darla managed to gasp as I continued fucking her.

I have to admit I wasn't completely surprised when Francesca smiled and walked over to us, leaning down and kissing her boss as she filled her hands with her tits.

"Mmmmm - - what is that big brute doing to you, Ms Lassiter?" she asked, moving down and sucking at Darla's big tits, her own jugs - - still wrapped in her blouse - - hanging in my agent's face.

"He's - - aahhahhhh - - he's up my - - ass," Darla gasped, nuzzling at Francesca's own big tits through her clothes.

"Really?" Francesca asked excitedly. She clambered up on to the desk on all fours, laying over Darla, placing her hands around Darla's thighs, spreading her ass cheeks wide as she looked down, her face just above her pussy. "Fuck, he really is," she said. She watched my cock slide in and out of her boss's tight little asshole for a moment before looking up at me. "Can I taste it?" she asked.

Swear to God I nearly fucking came and/or died there and then. Not only was I ass fucking a pornstar-cum-producer but her secretary - - who was as slim and stacked as Darla - - wanted to go ass to mouth as well!

I slowed my thrusts and withdrew my cock from Darla's butt - - instantly, Francesca moved forward and swallowed abut half of it, bobbing her head up and down, taking as much as she possibly could. She coughed and gagged, spit running down her chin and my prick, as she forced herself to take another couple of inches. When she let it go, I pushed it down and slid it effortlessly back into Darla's asshole, making her moan again. After another half dozen deep thrusts, Francesca looked up at me and licked her lips. I took the hint, slipped my cock free of the hot confines of Darla's butt and watched as Francesca eagerly ate my dick again.

"If she's stopping me getting butt fucked," Darla said from underneath her, "then she should get butt fucked."

As dubious as that logic was, I wasn't going to argue. As I watched, Darla pushed up Francesca's skirt, revealing her black stockings and the straps of a suspender belt which perfectly framed her ass that was currently pointing up at the ceiling. I stepped back from Francesca's wonderful mouth and walked behind her, climbing up on to the desk, feet either side of her and Darla, hunching over her upturned backside. As she wasn't wearing any panties, I had both her pussy and ass on offer as I pushed my cock down.

"Nuh-uh," Darla said, reaching up and slipping two fingers into her secretary's sopping wet pussy. "I want to see that big cock of yours splitting her ass."

Grinning from ear to ear, I aimed my cock head at Francesca's tiny rosebud of an asshole and pushed forward slowly, watching as the tight muscle relaxed and let me slip inside.

"Ah! Ah fuck! Fuck that's too big!" Francesca cried out.

"Don't pay any attention, Alex," Darla said, slapping her secretary's ass cheek with her free hand, still finger fucking her with her other. "I've seen her take bigger toys in her ass and love it." Darla moved out from under her, kneeling beside us on the desk, one hand still fingering Francesca's pussy, the other parting her ass cheeks as I continued buttfucking her.

"Aaahhh God - - fuck yes! Fuck my slutty asshole!" Francesca moaned.

"She's not just my secretary," Darla said as she watched me force my cock into her assistant's tight little asshole. "This is Francesca Cheeks - - star of Anal Queens, Anal Lesbian Vampire Fuckers and Deep Between My Cheeks." Darla looked up at me and smiled. "All of which I produced - - and two your sister starred in alongside her."

The thought of Chelsea getting it on with Francesca was all I needed to hear.

"Aaaahhhh! Fuck! So big in my ass!" Francesca cried as I shoved my whole length deep up her ass, fucking her with long, powerful strokes as I realised that Darla was right - - her secretary was more than used to this. "Oh God yes! Fuck my ass! Fuck it hard! Fucking - - cumming - - uuughhhnnn - - fuck - - my - - ass!" 

I did as she said, cramming my cock into her butthole over and over as my agent watched and encouraged me to go as deep as I could. Francesca shook and moaned as she came, her asshole clamping down on my cock, making it harder to fuck her, her muscles gripping my shaft.

"Give it to me," Darla suddenly said, opening her mouth wide. I barely paused, pulling my cock from Francesca's butt and stuffing it between Darla's lips, making her gag a little as I thrust too deeply at first, but she simply grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me in further. She gasped as she let me go and I shoved my cock back into Francesca's ass once more, fucking her for a few strokes before taking it back out and letting Darla suck on it again.

Pornstar or not, I couldn't take much more of that and pulled my cock from Darla's mouth, slowly and carefully getting down from the desk, stroking my dick. As if on cue, both of them slid off the desk so that they were knelt in front of me, both of them still fully clothed albeit in a slight state of disarray. Half looking up at me, they started kissing, licking and sucking at each other's tongues as I jerked off in front of them, my balls starting to tighten as I felt my cum ready to blow.
