 "Like I said, beginner's luck," Sam insisted on the way back to Betsy's car. 

"Yeah right Mrs. I-never-got-over-Green-Day, if you had seen what happened in the bathroom you would not be calling it beginner's luck," Brian retorted. 

"Ok first of all I'm offended at your interpretation of my taste in music, second, that would not have worked if that girl wasn't a giant slut."

He'd left Stefanie to clean up, but not before she gave him his number. Images of her hair pulled taunt above her stuffed ass still lingered in his mind. He'd gone from watching porn in his room to that in a matter of days. 

"Enough fighting you two," Betsy interjected. "Yes, I chose Stefanie because she was an easy target. But Sam, you should be proud of your brother-in-apprenticeship, that was a remarkable first performance." She led the way to her purple VW Beetle. "Impressive as hell. Your aura is more potent than I thought."

He felt renewed and energized in the wake of his adventure in sodomy, and more than a little proud at Betsy's words. Somehow he felt more powerful. He realized it was the aural energy he'd absorbed. When they reached the car he remembered that the passenger's seat was full of glass containers and bones wrapped up in newspapers. He climbed into the back seat with Sam again while Betsy pushed the ignition button. 

"Check your spellbook Brian," she said as she adjusted the dashboard mirror.

He pulled the book out of the bag he'd left in the car and flipped it open to page one. It was no longer blank. "Deviance Assessment" was printed at the top in spidery font. Three boxes were underneath, labeled, "Preternatural Magnitude," "Entities Offered, and "Aural Capacity." They each held a number: "0," "1," and "340" respectively. The car pulled out of the parking garage and took to the evening city streets. Betsy spoke from the front.

"I used some of your cum to bind it to you, it'll magically update while you mature as a Warlock."

"What does this stuff mean?"

"PM is essentially shorthand for how powerful and experienced you are. 0 is a nooby, 10 is a grandmaster. There's only one 10 that I know of, my friend Phoebe."

"What are you guys?"

"I'm an 8, Sam is almost a 3."

Sam briefly glanced up from her phone at her name, then got back to it with a bit of a scowl. Her green hair dangled above the glowing screen as she scanned it. He was acutely aware of their knees almost touching in the cozy back of the Beetle. 

"EO is just a count of how many you've sexually interacted with and drained energy from," Betsy continued.

"How many people?"

"Not necessarily."

"Why aren't, uh," he cleared his throat, "why isn't it counting two?"

He thought he saw Betsy's lips curl upwards from behind. "Other Lust Magi don't count. In that case it's more of a back and forth exchange of energy. Some other things to remember: virgins count as 5 and people too young or otherwise unable to feel sexual desire don't count at all. They don't have any Lust energy in the first place."

So maybe that had to do with why Betsy wanted him to save his technical virginity? There was one statistic left for her to explain.

"Aural Capacity is what it sounds like, the baseline amount of Lust your aura maintains. PM reflects what you can do with your aura, the spells you can cast and potions you can make. AC reflects how potent the effects will be. If you use enough magic in a short period of time and your reserves run dry, you'll need to renew them with rest, relaxation, and lots of fucking." 

"And mine is above average?"

"Well above average for a beginner."

He flipped to the next page and saw that it had filled with technical information about auras. Another page detailed the Siren's Call. The car lurched as Betsy made a turn he wasn't expecting.

"Aren't we going back to your place?" he asked.

"First a detour. We're going shopping."

--xxx--

Two days later Brian was tugging on the sleeves of his new jacket on a green couch that was starting to become familiar. As soon as they had gotten to the mall Sam was off to some store or other. Betsy had led him alone through several specialty clothing shops. He quickly lost count of the number of outfits she had him try on. She would slip into the fitting room with him and nip and tuck at the clothes. He remembered the claustrophobic warmth of her body right behind his in front of the full-length mirrors. She had definitely grabbed his butt a few more times than was necessary, but how much of it was a game to her? How did she want him to respond?

Collaboratively, they decided on a "Warlock style" for him. At the checkout lines Betsy would always pull out a shiny credit card, despite his protest. He now had a closet full of quality t-shirts, hemp jackets, and chino pants with specially lowered inseams for his, what was the word Betsy had used? "Equipment." 

They'd also gotten several pairs of fashionable footwear, and a vat of pomade. Oh, and the outfit he was most excited about: a tailored black suit with extended coattails. When they'd been given the price estimate his eyes must have near bugged out of his head. He'd looked over to her, sure she would finally say no. Not even a blink, she handed over her credit card like it was for the week's groceries. 

Now, looking around her dingy apartment in the light from the morning sun, he knew she was deceptively loaded. Come to think of it, how old was she really? Some of the artifacts at her place looked like they belonged in museums. 

"Hey apprentice," she appeared around the hall in a fuzzy bathrobe. "Sorry, I have a tendency to take long showers."

"No problem, uh, Master?"

"Mistress," she corrected, "But Betsy is fine."

He nodded, involuntarily thinking about how she was completely nude under the bathrobe. She sat down in the recliner and began combing her hair. "Today is lesson two. You get to learn your first spell, and I get to be your practice." She paused as she worked through a knot. "So here are the basics. All spells have two parts. First you say the rights words to 'load' the spell. You'll feel your aura gathering around your fingertips. Then you 'shoot' by pointing your fingers and letting the energy fly out of them. It's kind of like cumming."

"Ok, sounds simple enough, what are the words?" 

"Luminis igne libidinis," we call it a Lustball, I think it started as a joke about Fireball spells.

"Are those real?"

"Sure, we can't really do them as Lust Magi though. I knew this Pride Witch that would just roast people."

Again, so many questions, but he was itching to try his first spell. "Ok here I go, you want me to aim it at you?" 

Betsy stopped combing her hair and got up from the chair. Then she let her robe fall to the floor. His breath caught in his throat. If such a thing as perfect tits existed, she had them. They were cantaloupe sized, and clearly natural. They hung from her chest magnificently under the orange candlelight. They gently sloped downwards from her collarbone, and then tipped slightly up at her puffy areola. Her legs were long and sculpted. Slight lines at her hips pointed to her crotch. He was surprised to see a trimmed lawn of curly black pubes there, covering the details of what was underneath. She opened up her arms, "Give me all you've got honey."

He pulled off his jacket in preparation, then spoke the words, "Luminis igne libidinis." He balked at the shake in his voice. But despite the delivery, the effect was immediate. A surge of swirling desire made its way down his arms. It felt like his fingers were coiled springs, ready to burst. He lifted them up, they trembled as much as his voice had. Betsy closely watched his hands as he aimed them at her chest. He let the springs explode. His fingers surged like electric wires. It was clear why they called it a Lustball, smokey light coiled off his fingertips in lazy rings that formed two crimson spheres in the span of a second. The tennis ball sized globes floated towards Betsy at a leisurely pace. As they left the vicinity of his fingers he felt like he'd lost some substance, some energy, but also felt strangely satisfied. It was a little like cumming.

He looked up in time to see the spheres hit Betsy. They burst like bubbles dead center on her tits. The smokey energy sunk into her skin and she reacted immediately. Her nipples visibly hardened. A soft "Ahhhhh," escaped her lips. 

"Oh Brian," she grabbed her tits with both hands and started massaging deeply, "My talented young apprentice." She lifted her left breast up to her lips and started sucking on it, beckoning to him with her other hand.

He walked over and hesitantly reached to her chest. She let out another soft noise at just his bare touch. She was unnaturally sensitive from the effect of the magic spheres. He squeezed and felt her shudder under his firming grip. When his tongue met her nipple she started to moan. His cock was tight in his new pants as he leaned down and felt her tic-tac sized teat under his tongue. She let her left breast fall from her mouth and began to make small circles over its center with her palm. Her eyes closed and her free hand took the back of his neck. He gently bit her and that was all it took. She let out a last, quivering sigh as she had an upper-body orgasm. 

A second passed. She opened her eyes and took his head in her hands. She kissed him on the lips, jamming her tongue into his throat before he knew what was happening, then withdrew with a smile. 

"Very good boy." She shrugged her bathrobe back on. "Don't tell Sam I mentioned this, but it took her three tries to get that right."

He was too much in a stupor to respond, his cock was painful against his pants. Precum had soaked right through and left little wet stains. Betsy looked down at his very apparent boner, handed him his jacket, and winked.

"Better go take care of that now." She grabbed a book from the kitchen counter and disappeared around the corner. 

--xxx--

20 minutes later Brian got to Mrs. Park's class late. He hated coming in late, but he didn't mind the reason for it this time. Several students gave him looks as he squeezed and scooted past occupied desks to get to his spot. 

Mrs. Park's voice hit him like a hammer from across the room. "Mr. Tibbott! You're so casual about Chemistry, coming in late and all, you must be overprepared. Would you mind answering the question?"

Uh oh. His brain was still reeling from being with Betsy. His libido had become a raging beast after the dissatisfaction of being left cold. The hunger was building again. He was not in the right state of mind for Chemistry. Well, not the chemical equation on the board anyways. It didn't help that he had neglected to do the homework. A high voice rang out from the back of class.

"It's norepinephrine, Mrs. Park." Abby had bailed him out. She shot him a sheepish smile from her desk.

"Lucky break Tibbott. Now, as we delve deeper into our exploration of brain hormones..." 

He gave Abby a weary thumbs up from his seat. Thank god she liked him. Or should he be thanking something else now? As class continued his eyes wandered over Mrs. Park. He started to fantasize about her in what was becoming a class habit. Something about her dressed-up, professional look and soccer mom body just set his imagination on fire. Then, as class quieted down for a 10 minute individual assignment, he got an idea.

She was grading papers at her desk in the corner of the room while everyone worked. He could see her crossed legs under the wooden desk, and everything above her stomach, which was pressed against its edge. All that could be heard was the scratching of pencils and the occasional cough. 

He whispered as faintly as he could under his breath. "Luminis igne libidinis."

He new nobody else could see what he could, but he still held his breath. Two gently bobbing red globes weaved their way between desk chairs and absently tapping feet. They floated past the teacher's black work heels, up her shaved, tan, voluptuous legs, and finally disappeared under her striped pencil skirt. 

"UUuuhhg." An unmistakable moan crashed through the silence. Every student in the room looked right at Mrs. Park. She was bent over her desk with her hands gripping the sides of her chair, like she'd just spilled something on her lap. 

"Don't oohh, don't mind me just, ahhg, my goodness. Just... just dropped something on my foot." She managed to get a reassuring smile out. 

Her explanation seemed to be accepted, and people started getting back to work. Brian felt bad, but he kept his eyes glued to her wriggling body. She shifted her butt back and forth in her chair, trying desperately to control her facial expressions. Trying to resist the paranormal waves of heightened sensitivity radiating from between her thick thighs. She couldn't stop a few glimmers of passion slipping through, a trembling lip or a sharp breath. He was getting hard again, but he was prepared this time with his backpack rested over his lap. Mrs. Park glanced around the room a bit, then looked at the clock, then another glance. 

Her hand disappeared under the desk as her legs went from crossed to side-by-side. No way, she wouldn't. But a second later he saw the subtle shapes of fingers moving under her skirt. Mrs. Park closed her eyes and began to silently masturbate. The tip of her tongue meandered across her upper lip. He was surprised to notice a few wisps of aural energy flying towards him from under her skirt. He felt a bit of the hunger in him retreat. As far as he could tell, he was the only one catching Mrs. Park in the act. It was the best 10 minute individual assignment he ever had. 

--xxx--

As soon as class ended Abby popped right up at his side. How did she pack her stuff so quickly?

"Hey Brian you heard about Cowboyz 3 right? I got my pre-order in the mail this morning." She pushed up her glasses and looked at him excitedly. 

Oh yeah, he'd been really excited about the game a while back. With everything going on it had completely slipped his mind that it came out today. 

"Awesome," he said, "I was dying to play it after I saw the trailer."

"I know right!" Abby looked down for a minute. He heard her take a deep breath. "Wannacomeoverandplayitwithmetonight?" She fired the question off with an unrelenting string of syllables.

He thought about it. Some normalcy sounded great right about now. Just playing a game with a friend, getting away from Betsy's teasing and the complexities of magic. "You know what, I'd love to."

"GREAT! umm, see you later then." 

Brian just hoped he could stave off the ever-building hunger.