 Author's Note - Thankyou to everyone who commented on my previous parts, I wouldn't have continued posting if you hadn't of liked it. I assure you, that this IS going somewhere :)

Chapter three -- The Price

I woke up feeling very groggy. The first thing that came back to me was my hearing, but even that did me little good. I couldn't hear anything except my own breathing and my steady heart beat. I also heard someone else breathing, but couldn't remember who I was with. Next came my sense of smell. It smelled, dirty; dirty and damp. Finally came my sight. At first everything was dull and blurry. I blinked my eyes a few time, and luckily they cleared. I was in a dirty prison of some kind. My hands were tied behind my back, my ankles were tied together, and both tied to the wall behind me. Another thing I noticed was that I was completely naked. I slowly sat up and groaned. My head hurt so much!

"Finally! I am so glad you're awake. I was afraid I'd gotten your dosage wrong for the potion." Said a voice to my left. I turned quickly to see Alicia sitting on the floor, quite close to me, looking concerned. My anger boiled up, as if she was capable of feeling such emotion!

"As if you care you witch! Damn you to hell, it's what you deserve!" I shouted at her, but she simply smiled, finding my little outburst amusing.

"I am sorry girl, but it is the only way. If it makes you feel any better, I had to go through it too, and at a much younger age than you are now." She said calmly. Her calmness only seemed to anger me more. How could she be so calm when she was keeping me prisoner? 

"It does not make me feel any better! Now let me go!" I screamed at her, but she just shook her head. 

"I am sorry but I cannot do that. And if you stopped screaming for just a moment I will explain it to you." She said, her voice sounding hypnotic. I calmed down a little, but it left me feeling scared.

"What you are doing is wrong. You cannot keep me here against my will." I said calmly, my voice shaking slightly. She moved closer to me and took my head in her hands, lightly kissing my forehead.

"Shh, I honestly mean you know harm. You see, when I saved your life all those years ago I had to do something I wouldn't normally do without a persons consent. Your father was so desperate to save you, and I couldn't bear to see him falling to pieces like that. So I gave you some of my blood. I am a witch, and therefore, immortal. When a witch reaches a certain age they stop ageing. But the witch blood in you hasn't been activated yet and," I cut her off.

"I don't want it activated! I want to remain normal and mortal!" I screamed at her, but she gave me a sharp slap to the face, cutting off my argument.

"I meant it when I said I meant you no harm, but if you force me I will punish you!" She said menacingly, and I nodded to show my agreement to behave. "The witch blood in you hasn't been activated, and if it does not get activated I am afraid it will kill you." She said. I looked confused until what she had said really registered with me.

"Then why did you save me if it was only for me to die anyway! I will not become a witch. I will not be like you!" I screamed in her face, but that only earned me another sharp slap to the face. 

"I saw something in you that was special!" she shouted at me, before continuing more calmly. "I saw a pure heart full of peace and love, and a brain so amazing and completely out of its time. I could not let that die, and I will not let it die now. Right now you are the most important person on this planet, and although no one knows it, I do. Face it Alison, you need to be alive, and this is the only way." She said, and her words seemed to penetrate my soul. They felt right. By now I was shaking, but mainly from the cold.

"W-what do I have to do?" I asked her timidly. I was scared it would be something gruesome and witch like, and did not really want to know, but at the same time I did not want to die. 

"We will see to that later, for now you need to eat." She said walking out of the cold damp room, and taking with her the only lit candle, leaving me alone in the dark. 

It wasn't long before she came back, bringing with her a bowl of food, and a blanket for me. She placed the bowl down in front of me, and put the blanket around my shoulders. I looked at the food, and saw that it was simply normal food. I looked at her, wondering how she expected me to eat it. She must have grown tired of waiting and pushed my head down into the bowl, forcing me to eat the way an animal would.

"Look we do not have time for me to untie you just so you can escape. Food is food, it does not matter how it makes it to your belly." She said impatiently. I sighed, but saw sense it what she was saying, and I was so hungry, that as soon as the first morsels of food hit my belly nothing in the world could have stopped me from finishing the whole thing.

As soon as I was finished she took the bowl from me and took it out of wherever it was that she was keeping me. When she came back she had some unusual items with her. I looked at them curiously.

One was black, and long and thick. Another was a tub containing something, and finally there was a circular device attached to a stick. She came over to me and placed the objects on the floor before sitting in front on me. 

"I am terrible sorry that it has to be this way Alison, but I am afraid that there is no other way." She said looking truly concerned. For some odd reason I began to cry.

"Please, let me go. I don't want this." I sobbed, pleading with her. She looked very sad, and simply shook her head.

"I am afraid I cannot do that. If I let you go, you will soon die. I know you will not believe me, but I do not want that. I care deeply for you Alison, which is why I am saving you." She said, and I continued to sob.

"But why tie me up? What do you want from me!?" I asked and she looked pained to have to explain it to me.

"For the witch blood in you to because active you need to submit. Not only to me as your Mistress, your teacher, but to your own secret desires. You may not be aware of them right now but they are there, I can assure you; just lying dormant for someone to wake them up. And by submitting to them and me and will be submitting to your witch blood, activating it." She explained.

"Fine, I submit. I just wish to not be tied anymore." I said, but she looked still terribly pained. 

"I am afraid it is not that easy. You cannot just say that you submit; you must in body, mind and soul. I am afraid you will not like this as it requires that I take your virginity using this," She held up the long, thick black object. "But once your witch blood is active no one will take you as a wife, so it will not affect you." She said, as if that would make it all better. But it didn't. It just made it all the more worse. I would never be married. Never have a family of my own. I curled up into a small ball and cried my heart out, for the life I will never have.