 Adam was pounding the new secretary, Mindy, a smug smirk etched into the corners of his mouth. 

The last three weeks had been like a scene out of someone else's life. After jerking off at home for two days straight, he went back to work, feeling cockier than he ever had before. He chuckled to himself at his own little joke as he stepped out of the elevator and into the office.

"Morning," he said to the women standing by the water tank, their legs bound in tightly-fitted pencil skirts. His penis, now so sensitive, throbbed deliciously and pressed against the fabric of his slacks. He could have sworn he felt glances being thrown his way as he strode towards his office, nodding hello to the various employees he passed. 

He was soon to learn that these weren't just manifestations of his own, inflated ego. 

Turning the pages of the dossier on his desk, he heard a feminine cough by the doorway. "Hello, sir," It was Blanche, the human resources representative. Her hair was slightly dissheveled and it looked as though her cheeks were slightly flushed. Adam was reminded of how she had turned him down for a date about six months back every time he saw her amazing tits stretching the fabric of her shirt. He thought that it might have been the rumors the other women had passed aorund- about his small, unsatisfying dick that had turned her off at the time. The thought usually rankled, but his time, he got a savage pleasure imagining how she would regret that decision if there was ever an opportunity to show off his new package. 

"Come in, Blanche," he beamed, "what can I do you for?"

"Well, I..." Was it just him or did she not look at all well? She seemed confused and kept staring at him, her shirt looking more damp by the minute.

"Do you need to go home?" he asked, frowning at her flushed complexion. He was irritated now, especially since his erection was only growing as her nipples became more visible through the damp fabric of her blouse.

"No," she said suddenly, "I just...do you remember how you asked me out a while back?"

Adam shifted awkwardly and nodded. 

"Well I...are you free for lunch?"

Surprised, Adam cleared his throat and looked down at his calendar, trying not to look too smug. He remembered the witch, Miss, she had called herself, who had altered his penis for him; the hunger in her eyes as she looked at his naked genitals. What if... he shook the thought from his head.

"I'm sure I could squeeze you in," he smiled. "You look hungry, why don't I make this last call and we can go get something to eat as soon as I'm done?" Blanche nodded and closed the door behind her with a dreamy look in her eyes.

Half an hour later, Adam was making his usual excuse; "So sorry, I just realized I left my wallet at my apartment, do you mind...?"

She complimented the décor, accepted a glass of water. She took off her jacket and he could see the full gloriousness of her rack up close. Her breasts weren't monstrously large, but they were so round and perky that he fairly drooled at the sight of them. 

"I was disappointed that we never went out..." he said, feigning shyness, his back turned to her as he washed her glass at the sink.

"I've always thought you were...very attractive."

He turned around to find Blanche staring at him in the same, dazed way. He walked slowly towards her and pressed his lips into hers.

In a blur, she had pulled off her shirt and pulled him onto the couch. Unzipping his pants, she gasped and stared at his semi-erect cock.

"Fuck," she whispered, before choking herself trying to engulf the meaty shaft in her mouth.

He came- twice- first in her mouth, then deep inside her spasming snatch. In the final moments, she seemed to eke out a small orgasm, her fingers moving madly, but he wouldn't have cared either way. Now she knew he was packing a serious dick. A dick she seemed magnetically attracted to.

The great thing about Blanche was that she was a gossip. He couldn't have planned the whole thing better himself as employee after employee made an excuse to meet up with him for lunch or dinner. Karen, a notorious nymphomaniac, found her way into his office so many times that he began fitting her in during coffee breaks, finally porking her as she bent over the copier, leaving her dripping and hungry for more.

And now, here he was banging Mindy. A petite redhead, she had to be 22 years old and this was her first 'real' job out of college. His dick seemed to have the same magnetic power where she was concerned as well and he had enjoyed toying with her lack of experience on the way to lunch, flirting, then insulting her in turn.

The rest of the office was closed and he had kept her late, filing papers; how was she to know none of the other employees ever had to stay this late? Karen had shot her an ugly look on the way out of the door, understanding Adam's less-than-honorable intent, but the girl seemed sweetly unaware.

And here she was, mewling as her pussy stretched around his fat cock. He pushed harder, uncaring as she whimpered with pain, enjoying the powerful feeling of the muscle between his legs, the sensitivity of the head buried deep inside her.

He started to feel ready to cum and he gritted his teeth- not again! He didn't want to admit it to himself, but the more he used this new cock, the faster and faster he was cumming. Only this morning, he had jerked off in ten seconds. He was still ejaculating a prodigious amount of semen from his orange-sized balls, but he was certainly not lasting long enough to satisfy the women he was fucking...well, except maybe Karen. 

This had been fine at first, since all of these were mostly cases of revenge-fucking; showing off his new tool to the women who had spurned him. Who cared if those bitches were satisfied? Especially when orgasm denial only seemed to make them want him more.

But he was starting to fear that he was going to get a new reputation: one for having no stamina whatsoever.

Mindy whined under him, her fingers working furiously at her clit and he felt a burst of frustration as his orgasm began to wash over him. Whatever, she wouldn't know the difference. Her college boyfriends probably couldn't last any longer than this anyhow. 

He came hard, ramming the thick tip of his cock into her cervix and thrilling at the sharp yelps it elicited from her. He withdrew and turned away.

"Better clean yourself up before you go home," he said, unkindly, admiring the fatness of his softening meat before zipping up and turning around.

He gasped.

"Y-you."

It was the witch, pulling off a red wig and fake eyelashes. He didn't know how he didn't recognize her before, but then she did possess strange powers...

"I..did we just?" He laughed uncomfortably, acutely aware of his rudeness a moment earlier.

"I hear you're enjoying your present," she purred, her eyes deadly. "All of the women at the office have been exclaiming over it size and..girth." She slid off the table and he retreated like a cornered animal towards the couch.

"Yeah, it's great...thanks."

"But I hear," she ignored him, "That you didn't remember what I taught you with that first little lesson...do you remember it?"

He wracked his brain.

"Um..."

"When I told you you should have considered the women you would be fucking when you designed your ideal man parts." She examined the décor, seemingly unimpressed. "I fairly tortured you until you learned that lesson."

He decided to fess up; it was his only chance. This woman scared him.

"You see..."

"Miss!" her eyes flashed.

"You see, Miss," I just can't get it to stay up long enough...it's...this cock you gave me is defective and...and I want you to fix it!" He tried to sound commanding, but she wasn't fooled. In fact, she looked like the cat that had got the cream. Curling herself seductively in his desk chair, she peered up at him, her fingers steepled together. 

"You said that you would give me whatever you wanted to end that painful experience...so I chose a loophole. A loophole in your gift, that is. You would have your dream cock...as long as you remembered the lesson I taught you. Which you clearly have not."

He made to speak, but she silenced him with a flick of her wrist and he felt as though he had been whacked across the windpipe. He coughed and clutched his throat, truly afraid now.

"So, you have two choices." And here, she leered evilly, like a creature from another world. "I will take away your cock entirely. Or you may choose the second option."

"What. Is. That?" He wheezed, staring at her.

"To serve womankind with your cock for the rest of your life."

"I...I swear to, I promise, I really will."

The witch grinned and she snapped her fingers. With a sigh, she stood lithely and made her way towards the door, leaving the red wig still splayed across the desk.

"Goodbye, Adam." She let the door swing closed behind her.

Epilogue:

"Oh, fuck, I'm cummiiiinnnggg!!" the woman cried as her whole body spasmed. She collapsed and rested for a moment, her chest heaving until her breathing slowly returned to normal."Fuck, I looove that cock," she grinned as she hopped out of bed and went to brush her teeth.

Adam lay back, his eyes glassy as he stared at the ceiling. His cock was even thicker than usual today, with veins popping out all along the shaft. 

"The money's on the dresser, honey." called the woman as she stepped into the shower. "See you next time." 

Adam grabbed the wad of cash and stood before realizing he was facing a floor-length mirror. As he watched, his cock transformed from the woman's dream cock back into his usual shape, size and texture. The only thing that hadn't changed was how stiff it was, as heavy as stone and pumping with blood.

Adam pulled on his pants, tucking his perpetual erection into his shorts, rubbing the shaft through the cloth as he did so, almost without thinking. 

By the time he was back at the apartment, Miss was already there.

"Very, very good, Adam," she purred, taking the money from him and kissing him on the cheek. His blood boiled with hate, but his cock was erect for her as always.

There was a knock on the door and Miss told him to go shower for the next client. When he came out into the room, he felt his cock stretch painfully, becoming long and thin under the towel. The women was a brunette in her 40s and she had a camera crew with her.

"Anywhere you like," said Miss gleefullly, eyeing the bulge under Adam's towel with her usual curiosity.

When the scene was set, the woman told him to remove his towel and begin jerking off. He looked down to see a cock over a foot long, uncircumsized and thin in circumference. Multipe women sat down on this abnormally-long cock as he sat there, all of them cumming before departing. He pushed until the last moment, cursed as he was, to try to finally make himself cum and they enjoyed his efforts, giving him their numbers after the shoot. 

"Wow, he really can last," said the producer before she left, talking to Mindy in a carrying voice. "But he doesn't do cum-shots, ever?"

The witch grinned over at Adam where he sat, furiously jerking his cock in the corner, tears springing to his eyes with the acute frustration of his aching balls and insanely sensitive prick.

"No, never." said the witch and she stepped outside to say goodbye to their guests.