 Sam watched her apprenticeship brother lose his virginity from outside the candle ring. Latin vibrated through her throat in rounds. Once she'd said the words along with Betsy enough for them to become second nature, her mind began to go to other places. First there was fear. Betsy had told her stories of what happened to young Witches and Warlocks captured by the Hunters. It wasn't pretty.

She looked over at the other Witch's face and saw her passionately chanting, with eyes locked on Brian's thrusting form. Her perfect teeth flashed in the candlelight as she opened her mouth wide to give the incantation everything she had. Sam couldn't help but get horny as the fog of sexual energy filled the room. The power channeling through her felt centered in her loins. It tingled as it passed her crotch, then her boobs, then coursed out of her fingers. 

What were they even doing? Betsy hadn't had time to explain the spell, just that it would save them from the Hunters, and that Brian and his pet dork would be the key. She knew that he was their mistress' favorite now. It was petty, but she got jealous every time Betsy doted on him. She still remembered being taken in by the powerful older woman a year ago. She still remembered some of their intense first lessons. She didn't know where she'd be without her guidance. There sure as hell wasn't a female to look up to back at home. 

A few days ago, she'd come in for a lesson and found that there was another object of Betsy's affections. One who seemed to be just so much better at the magic stuff. What made it all worse was that she was starting to think Brian was cute. I mean just watching him fuck his little friend on the mattress, maybe it wasn't just the magic that was turning her on. 

He had an innocent, boy-next-door appeal. But with something deeper and seductive too. Plus, she'd never seen a Warlock before. Betsy was planning on taking her to Witchtown next week, the Magi capital of the world, but who knows what would happen with this Hunter mess. 

Brian suddenly reared back. She had a side view of his extended cock as it spurted crazy amounts of cum. It stuck out perpendicular to his torso like a pencil in the tip of the fingers, dragged down a few degrees by its own weight. It jolted a bit with each release of pearly liquid. It really was a spectacle. The enhanced vaginal control that Witches gained on awakening just wasn't as fun to watch. 

She imagined standing underneath that giant thing with her mouth opened wide. Getting drenched in his load and licking it up. Tasting him. Then she'd push him down on the mattress and show him who the star student was. Show him the difference a whole year of apprenticeship made. She'd make him beg.

Betsy signaled to end the chanting and Sam's focus was drawn from her fantasy and towards the far end of the circle. The massive amounts of Lust energy generated from the deflowering was coalescing in a single point. A glowing red and purple slit formed in the open air. It looked very reminiscent of a puss, she thought. Then the thing emerged. 

It had unblemished, dark purple skin that lightened up on the softer parts of its body. It was humanoid, but with a few extra appendages. Bat-like wings folded tightly against it's back, and a long prehensile tail whipped the air behind it. Two short horns curled out of its forehead in little dark twists. It was completely naked, and didn't seem to be quite male or female. Lithe was the word she would have used for its body. Feminine curves but also lean, defined muscle corded around long limbs. 

It had breasts, probably C sized, and also a small, uncircumcised dick hanging in between its legs. But it didn't have a sack. Instead there seemed to be the telltale twin dunes of a Woman's sex beneath. It was as if it's clit had been exchanged for a cock. It had no body hair, and it's nipples and genitalia were a much lighter shade of purple than the rest, almost pink.

Betsy greeted the creature from the realm of Lust. It responded with an unearthly, crackling voice that was as androgynous as its body. As it spoke she could see two rounded fangs among an otherwise very human smile. It had high cheekbones and caricatured features that seemed beyond normal human limits. Like a mask you'd wear on halloween, but pretty, in a strange way. It's eyes had irises to match it's skin, and even seemed to glow.

"Wonderful to be here," it was saying. 

"How long do we have?" Betsy asked. The creature turned to her and stretched out its arms like it'd just woken from a very long nap. Sam saw that its tail was anchored to the spot at the top of the cleft of its ass cheeks. It had a butt like a woman who did a lot of squats. Pretty hot, she had to admit.

"Hmmm feels like a whole three days. That was quite something you fed me," it crooned. The creature seemed to have a permanent grin on its face.

"Three days! Fantastic, we can get so much done." Betsy's big boobs jiggled as she bounced on her feet a little. Sam noticed that Brian and Abby were staring from the mattress. They were propped up on their elbows, side by side. Abby looked especially freaked. "These are my apprentices by the way, well, the girl on the mattress was just an offering." Brian put his arm around Abby protectively. 

"Nice to meet you humans. I am Mara." When the creature looked at Sam she felt like it was reaching out and touching her bare body. A forked tongue flicked out of its mouth for a microsecond. "Can I have this one?" 

For once Sam didn't have a snappy comeback. This thing wanted her? Betsy hurriedly crossed the circle to her side and whispered into her ear. "Sam, sex with a creature of Lust is a rare privilege for the Magi. They serve us, but we can only command them to seduce our enemies. They will only ever make love to us by choice." 

"Uh ok but what's that thing gonna do to me?" 

"Nothing you won't like, trust me. Their magic interacts with Magi in... interesting ways." The Demon was now eyeing Brian and Abby, who were cowering in a huddle on the mattress.

Fuck it. She wasn't one to turn down a new experience. It was her turn to have some fun. "Alright purple people eater, I accept." Betsy nodded at the creature, then she got out of the way.

It was on her faster than she could believe. Almost like it'd teleported. It was inches in front of her, with its wings expanded and arched around their bodies. It gave her the impression that the world had just turned darker. Strong limbs picked her up effortlessly and carried her over to the mattress. She was squished against the Demon's surprisingly warm tits in a tight fireman's carry. It dropped her to the damp fabric. Brian and Abby were nowhere to be seen, Betsy must have led them from the room. They'd sure left some fluids behind though. 

The effects of the summoning ritual, and now the manhandling, left Sam wet. She felt her pussy getting even slicker as the beast leaned over her. It's quaint sausage was expanding, rapidly. As it grew she noticed that the slit beneath its dick was absolutely dripping. Girl juice was falling onto her legs. She reached down and rubbed a thumb over her clit. Her other fingers played with her own pussy lips. She felt her metal piercing in between two fingers. 

Heat expanded from her hooded nub as she touched herself. She wondered if the creature noticed her nails, coincidentally painted with little horned devil faces. In seconds, there was a virtual horse cock above her. The little member had turned into a purple, veiny, monstrosity. "Holy shit," she mouthed. 

The creature reached down and pinched each of her brown nipples. Electric rippled out from the contact. It was using magic on her. Her hands went up to cover her tits and squeeze tight to chase the pleasure. The Demon used the opportunity to drop to its haunches, grab her arms, and press them above her head. It beared down on her with its cock in position. Its tits hung above with big, swollen tips as it entered her. Its incredibly long tongue lolled out of its mouth and wrapped itself around one of the hard nipples. 

Sam's walls stretched to accommodate the girth of the purple rod. She gasped deeply as Mara penetrated her up to the base with one violent thrust. Her Witch's pussy could expand to take it all. The creature pulled one of her hands down and smashed it against the dripping lips beneath its buried thickness, pulling her upper body towards it in the process. 

She began to finger it just beneath it's cock as it fucked her closely. Its body felt warm and strong, and tingly, almost like an electric current was running underneath it. It kept most of its length inside as it retreated two or three inches and slammed back forwards. It's arms held her up and kept her from falling backwards. Sam felt her fingers being pulled into the creatures body just as she felt the deepest parts of herself being reached. She closed her eyes and orange heat radiated throughout her around the hot, alien, manhood.

She felt something snake around her back and touch her lips. She opened her eyes to see Mara's broad tail tightly wrapped above her hips like a belt, the end of it reaching up to her mouth. It forced itself inside and began to fuck her throat. She screamed and gagged around the tail. She felt overwhelmed. This being was relentlessly invading her body.

Her green hair was plastered onto her sticky, sweaty face. Her makeup was probably running. She was caught in a tight whirlwind of penetration. She heard muffled moans and swiveled her watering eyes to see Betsy on the floor to her left. She was watching with her legs spread wide and three fingers deep in her pussy, jackhammering herself with one hand and shoving fingers down her throat with the other. 

Suddenly, the world spun. Her face was in the mattress. She realized that the creature had flipped her with one powerful movement of its tail, spinning her around its impaled dick like a spit-roast and exposing her thick ass. She was on all fours now. Her wet hand had been pulled from its slit. It put a palm on each of her fat, full cheeks, gripped hard, and began thrusting with its entire length. 

It was fucking Sam like an animal. With every unbridled thrust she heard a damp smack and felt her ass shake. Its tongue slithered down and circled her asshole. She felt wetness prodding around her rim. It began to wiggle its way in, completing the trifecta of spoiled orifices. She moaned and blubbered as much as she could around the tail. She felt hot, primitive desire exploding within her from every angle. Her body was being mercilessly used to the fullest extent. Mara's strong and graceful frame was devastating her. Dark magic coursed through her veins and enhanced everything. A supernatural orgasm approached in the distance like the wave of a tsunami.

A spark of fear raced through her mind. Could she handle what was coming? Could she process it without going insane? It was too late to go back. All her muscles tightened and released in an unfathomable climax. "OOOUUUUUGH," a deep and primal sound escaped from her. She jerked under the creature's clutches. Hot ecstasy racked every cell of her body. But the orgasm didn't end. It was just starting. 

Her eyes rolled to the back of her head, her body was entirely out of her control. She wasn't on a mattress anymore. She was floating in a vast ocean of color and sensation. She was in the world of the creature. In the realm of Lust. Entire lifetimes of raw bliss consumed her perception. Each part of her was a different dimension of pleasure. Her breasts were tropical volcanoes of velvet, coated in longing wildlife. Her mouth a cool bathing lake for unsatiated spirits. Her pussy, the deep cave that an ambitious subterranean civilization filled, and fucked, and prospered in. She was an undulating universe. 

Eons later, she came back down to Earth. She didn't know what was real or fake as Mara withdrew from her. For 10 minutes, she couldn't even remember her name.

Chapter 7

Mom was crying over the phone again. "Please, just listen Mom. He was never fucking there. Never. I don't even call him... you know... Dad. I'm not gonna start treating him like that just cause he cleaned up his act. Ok?"

"Honey," she said with tears on her voice, "I just want us to be a family. Come home for the weekend. We can," she paused to take a shaky breath, "He wants to be there for you now."

Sam couldn't help it, she shouted, "Yeah? Well it's a few years too fucking late." She hung up with a forceful press of her finger against the touch screen. Fuck. She loved her Mom and she hated putting her through calls like that. But she could be such a goddamned mess, and she'd never understood her. Sam wasn't going to sit around the dinner table all perfect nuclear family style with... him. 

Her black jacket was not as warm as she thought it was. She let her sleeves fall past her hands and grabbed them shut from the inside to shield her fingers from the cold. She looked down at the fishnet leggings beneath her maroon skirt as she walked. Not the smartest clothing for the weather. At least she looked great. 

She chewed some bubblegum she'd popped in earlier and wondered where Mara was at the moment. After it'd left her blissed out on the floor last night Betsy had commanded it to find the Hunters. She figured it was darting around the city in pursuit of them, completely invisible to the eyes of the mundane. For some reason, she couldn't get it entirely out of her head. Whatever she'd felt in the heights of ecstasy with that thing wrapped around her, some of it had stayed with her. It was like a tiny buzzing bee in the back of her head somewhere, reminding her what Mara's energy felt like.

She pulled her spellbook out of her bag and flipped open page one. She wanted to double check. "Preternatural Magnitude: 4." Yep, just fucking that thing had made her almost twice as strong of a Witch. She shuddered at the memory of the orgasm, or maybe it was just the cold. 

She could be pretty dominant. So much so that guys were intimidated. She loved being used too, but only if she was in control. That thing had had all the control, and she'd given it freely. It's ethereal limbs haunted her thoughts. She needed to distract herself, big time.

--xxx--

She ignored the stares. They were nothing to her anymore. A long time ago, they were like prodding fingers on her brain, forcing her to become self conscious. Now she reveled in them, loved being the girl that turned heads. Today she was wearing bright pink lipstick to contrast her hair, which she'd styled to fall across her eyes. 

All the boys looked up to take in her striking style choices, then ogled her ass as she walked past them. It must have looked especially good in the skirt, which had black-laced slits in the sides. All the girls stuck their noses up with looks of either judgement or jealousy. "Wow, talk about attention whore," went their imaginary, nasally voices in her head. Fuck em.

She looked pretty at home on a college campus, funny considering she'd barely finished high school. When they'd shown up for Brian's first lesson she'd had to feign unfamiliarity with the place. Betsy would not approve of these types of excursions. Too revealing of their powers, yada yada. She scouted the main welcome hall for what she wanted. It was swarming with students in a mid-afternoon rush. Aha, she found one on the second floor. A men's restroom with just the right amount of foot traffic. 

She looked both ways and slipped inside, skipping behind a few boys at urinals and making it into the farthest stall without being seen. Her heart was beating fast. An adrenaline rush like this would cleanse away the stuff she didn't want in her head. She pulled out her spellbook, aware that anyone looking beneath her stall would see some very feminine boots. She carefully set it on the toilet and began to undress. All her clothes went into her bag, excluding the boots. 

First, she spoke an incantation that would protect against stds and pregnancy for 24 hours. Pretty standard fare Betsy had taught her ages ago. Then she got creative. "Donec tempus in materia," she whispered. She let the magic spring from her fingers. A sparkling blue energy cloud passed over her body and she immediately felt herself sinking through her boots and into the floor. She only had to will her feet to become solid to get her footing back. The spell made her selectively ghost-like, able to phase through matter where she wanted, and be solid where she wanted. It didn't work on clothes and lasted for two hours. 

On her other bathroom adventures, the magic had stopped here, but with her recent growth she could finally implement her last idea. She flipped through her spellbook until she saw a flash of scrawled ink. She'd found the spell in an old volume at Betsy's place one lazy summer afternoon and quickly scribbled it down. "Petulans corpore separata." She uttered it in anticipation. 

A strong magical pull drew energy to her hands before she stretched her fingers and let it fly. Her knees weakened at the release. Green and purple circles of energy made a miniature tornado around her body and then constricted until they went into her. It tickled, and she coughed into her elbow to replace a laugh. Wow, that had taken a lot out of her. She felt depleted. Luckily, she was about to top right back up on Lust energy.

She turned her head and peeked down over her shoulder. She saw two hearty, pale hills with a valley in the middle. Maybe it was embarrassing, but the sight of her own ass always turned her on. She was fully aware of how nice it was. She dug her fingers into one of her own cheeks and relished the feeling of her thick, soft behind. Now, to see if the second spell had worked. In her mind's eye she pictured her torso separating from her hips, and it began to become reality. Her upper body slid right off her lower body at the waistline. She was now floating in the air as a head, torso and arms, looking down at her still standing legs and ass. It was an incredibly weird feeling.

She'd chosen the handicap stall on the far side of the bathroom for a reason. Its left wall was a plastic divider, but the right was white brick. It was also nice and roomy. Still in control of her legs, and still with the ghost ability, she walked her lower half up to the brick wall and bent forwards at the hips until she was nicely presenting herself. She phased her severed waist into the wall up to the navel. It now looked like a naked woman had been bending over to pick something up, and then was teleported into a wall, with her upper body trapped on the other side.

She paused for a moment to admire the view. For the first time she was seeing her own ass from the angle somebody fucking her doggystyle would see it from. It looked delicious. Her legs were spread enough that her brown asshole was on display. The perpendicular lines circling it gave it a starfish-like appearance. Her pussy glistened beneath and formed a lowercase "i" with her butt hole as the dot. This was all nestled between two huge, perfect cheeks. Her inner pussy lips dangled just a little from her undercarriage, along with the shiny silver ring pierced through them.

She couldn't help it, she floated her face up to the enticing, heart-shaped display and shoved it right into her crack. She licked her starfish. She tasted herself while at the same time feeling her tongue rimming around her hole. She heard someone turn on the faucet right outside her stall. It shook her out of the frenzy. It was amazing, but not what she'd come here to do. She could explore herself with this new spell later. It was time to finish the setup. She floated back and smiled at the pink she'd left behind. A lipstick kiss print around her asshole.

All that was left was the note. She pulled it out of her bag and taped it up on the wall right above her bottom. "FREE USE (But only if you can keep a secret. Shh!)." She threw her spellbook in her bag, and the bag behind the toilet where nobody would mind it. Then she unlocked the door and made sure it was cracked open enough that the stall seemed free. Finally, she floated up and into the ceiling, using her temporary ghost abilities to phase entirely into it except for her face. If somebody looked up they'd get a surprise, but she knew they'd be far too distracted for that.
