 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18. 

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both.

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different.

† † † † †

So there I was, all set up and ready to enjoy my life in Pornoland with my red hot, big titted pornstar mother and sister when the son of a bitch in black called Damian threw a huge fucking spanner in the works - - or more accurately, two big spanners. Somehow, he'd managed to swap my sexy mother and sister with the horrible, fat versions of them from the Old World.

Not good. Not good to say the fucking least.

I stared at their fat, questioning faces for as long as I could - - about two seconds - - before ushering them inside the mansion I'd shared with two pornstars until that point and grabbed my phone. I called Daphne, the only person in this fantastic but now fucked up world who would have any idea of what was going on and how to change it back.

"Hey, Alex, what's up?" she asked. I told her. "Shit. That's fucked up."

"That's what I thought," I said. "How do I change this back? Where are my real mom and sister?" And yeah, I had come to think of the Pornoland versions as my "real" family by now.

"It kinda depends what Damian's done, how he brought them over," she said. "I'll need to do some hunting around, find out what I can without him knowing what I'm doing."

"You sent a magic fucking mirror to my world to get me back here," I almost yelled. "Can't you just send these two back and get me my real ones?"

"Let me find out what I can," she said calmly, "and I'll be back in touch as soon as I can."

And with that, she hung up.

"Fuck it," I said, looking up at the mansion. "Fuck it," I said again, heading inside.

My old mother and sister were huddled in the large hallway looking lost and scared but still managing to be more than a little angry.

"Alex, what the hell is going on? Where are we? What are all these posters about? Is this place a - - a brothel?" my mother asked me.

I glanced round and noticed the film posters she was referring to - - the gorgeous, busty form of my pornstar mom knelt at the foot of a slightly overweight and balding guy in a 1960's looking suit, though it couldn't hide the bulge that ran down his trouser leg. The title said it was Lisa Hazard in Alfred Hiscock: A Pornobiopic; next to that, Chelsea, my porno sister, not the one in front of me, ran down a darkened, tree-lined lane, her huge tits almost falling out of the low cut, 17th Century dress she wore while behind her, a headless horseman reared up on his steed. The title was Horny Hollow. The last one showed both my mom and Chelsea, my sister in an almost see through white gown, mom in a long black cloak that was open enough to see the inner slopes of her huge tits. As mom looked down at her, Chelsea stared up, a look of fascination and horror on her face - - the poster read "Coming Soon: Lisa and Chelsea Hazard in Countess Dracula"

"Why do those posters have our names on them?" Chelsea asked. "What - - what's going on? What have you done?"

I held my head in my hands for a moment, wondering why they were blaming me before I kinda mentally shrugged - - they didn't know what was going on and I couldn't blame them for that.

"Things are different here," I said as kindly as I could manage. "I've got someone working on getting you back to where you belong but for now just - - just go sit in the lounge," I said, pointing them to the door. To my surprise, they meekly wandered in and sat down.

I pulled the door shut then grabbed my phone again and tried ringing my mom's number - - my pornstar mom, that is - - but it went straight to voicemail and I didn't bother leaving a message. I quickly tried my sister's but the same thing happened as I expected it to.

"Fuck," I said to myself - - I had no idea what the hell to do now but just as I reached for the door, my phone rang as I held it in my hand. It was Daphne.

"Can you get to the old scrapyard on Williams Road?" she asked in a hurry.

"I - - I've no idea where that is," I said.

"Your car has satnav, doesn't it?" she asked. "Williams Road, scrapyard, bring your visitors, quick as you can," she said and hung up.

Pocketing my phone, I opened the living room door, my Old World mother and sister looking up at me.

"You two, with me," I said, probably a bit more forcefully than I needed to.

"Where are we going?" they asked as they stood and followed me back out on to the drive and into the car. "Alex? Where are we? Where are we going?"

"Just - - just wait for a minute or two, will you?" I asked, tapping the road name into the satnav and heading off as fast as I could, ignoring the repeated questions from the back seat.

The old scrapyard was a few miles away, stuck on the side of a hill which didn't see much traffic by the looks of it - - there was only one set of tire tracks in the dusty road that ran up to the entrance way and they finished at Daphne's car. She stood leaning against it, blonde and blue-eyed, her huge tits straining against her tight, white blouse while her short skirt clung to her big hips and round ass, the tops of her white stockings visible beneath its hem.

"Who's this?" my Old World mother asked as we all got out of the car. "Why does she look like a - - a - - "

"A slut?" the Old World Chelsea finished for her.

"Friendly," Daphne said. "Especially as this slut's going to help you get home. Come on," she said, heading off to one of the old, rust covered sheds.

"Where are we going?" my Old World mother asked again, all of us following Daphne.

"You heard her," I said over my shoulder. "She's going to get you home."

We all entered the shed, walking over to a patch of sunlight that fell on the ground through a perfectly round hole in the roof. Daphne held up her phone and dialled a long sequence of numbers, much too long to be someone's phone number, then pointed her phone at the round circle of sunlight. As we watched, it grew brighter still as a hole opened in the ground in the centre of the circle, the dirt, gravel and sand slipping into it. As the hole widened, the dirt fell quicker, disappearing into a darkness which became no lighter even though the sun continued to shine. Within a minute, there was a perfectly round, perfectly black hole six feet wide in front of us.

Daphne looked at me. "That's their way home," she said, looking over at the large forms of my Old World mother and sister. "Put them in."

"Seriously?" I asked. She nodded. "What will happen to them?"

"They'll wake up on the side of a hill in their own world," she said. "You need to hurry. If Damian realises I've opened this portal, he'll be here in seconds."

I turned to my old mother and sister who - - understandably, I guess - - moved back.

"No fucking way," Chelsea said. "You're not throwing me down a big fucking hole."

"Don't do this, Alex," my old mother said.

I grabbed an arm of both of them and hauled them closer to the black hole, both of them struggling, Chelsea almost pushing me in before her. I spun round, though, and pushed her forward, letting her go as she tottered on the edge of the hole. She let out a brief scream as she fell backwards before disappearing into the blackness, all sound stopping as she fell beneath the surface.

"Chelsea!" my old mother yelled as I pushed her in after her.

No sooner was she gone than Daphne pressed another sequence of numbers on her phone and, as quickly as it had appeared, the round black hole was gone.

I looked around but it was just me and her here.

"If you're expecting your mother and sister to suddenly appear, you're going to be disappointed," Daphne said with a smile. "Try calling them instead."

I speed-dialled my mom's number, staring at Daphne as it rang - - and rang - - and rang - - and was answered.

"Hey babe," my mom - - my pornstar Lisa Hazard mom - - said. "I was just thinking of you."

"Really?" I asked, smiling at Daphne. "Why's that?"

"Well me and Chelsea have just been shopping and picked out some outfits we need your opinion on. Fancy a fashion show back home?"

"What sort of outfits?"

"Nuh-uh," she said. "I don't want to spoil the surprise."

"Okay, I'll be home as quick as I can. And mom?" I asked. "You and Chelsea - - you're both okay, yeah? Nothing - - nothing weird's happened today?"

"With the exception of that question, nothing weird's happened," my mom replied. "Why? Should it?"

"No, no, everything's good," I said. "See you back home. Love you, mom," I said realising it was true.

"Love you too, honey," she said and hung up.

"How can I ever repay you?" I asked Daphne.

She thought for a second as if weighing up something. "You can help me take down Damian," she said eventually. "He's been self proclaimed leader here for too long. Help me stop him."

"Gladly," I said, remembering how he'd tricked me into leaving Pornoland first time round. "How?"

"Let me think about that. I'll be in touch."

† † † † †

Would it surprise anyone if I said I got home as quick as I possibly could? No, I didn't think it would. A combination of the satnav and my own sense of direction got me back to the mansion in record time and I couldn't help but grin as I noticed my mom's car in the drive. Everything pointed to Daphne being right - - my mom and sister were back and, from the short conversation I'd had with my mom, they didn't know anything different had happened.

I parked up and leapt out, rushing into the mansion, calling out for them. There was the briefest moment of worry when I was convinced that son of a bitch in black had stolen them again but then my mom looked over the rail at the top of the stairs.

"Hey honey," she said, smiling down at me. "Nuh-uh," she said, stopping me as I started to head up the stairs. "Go wait in the living room - - your sister and I will be down in just a second."

I smiled and did as she asked, heading into the room and sitting on the sofa, waiting for them. It was more than a second before I heard the sound of high heels click clacking down the stairs and heading to the room. The door opened and my mother walked in, wearing a porno version of a nun's outfit.

The wimple covered her head and neck completely except for her face. Below that, a single, black bodice was wrapped so tightly around her huge tits that it might as well have been sprayed on. A small diamond was cut out of it, exposing her taut, trim belly. Below that was the smallest, shortest black skirt a nun had ever worn - - it barely reached the bottom of her ass cheeks, only just covering her pussy. Thigh high stockings and ridiculously high heels completed the outfit of the world's sluttiest looking nun.

"Wow," I said, genuinely impressed.

"You like this?" my mom asked, twirling round slowly, letting me get a look at her pert ass in the clinging skirt.

"Oh definitely," I said, looking her up and down.

"Good. I'm glad you're here, Mr Hazard," she said. "You see, I'm having trouble with one of my students, and I'm hoping you can help."

"Your students?" I asked her.

"Yes. Your sister, specifically."

"What's she been doing?" I asked.

She turned to the door. "Chelsea? Please come in - - your brother is waiting for you."

My sister walked in, looking like the quintessential porno schoolgirl. Her hair was tied in pigtails, her white blouse was tied beneath her huge tits that pushed the sides of her blouse apart, exposing the inner slopes of her mounds and leaving her belly bare, the short, red and black plaid skirt just about covering her ass and pussy, with white thigh high stockings and high heels finishing the outfit off.

"Hi big brother," she said, smiling at me. "Mother Superior here thinks I've been naughty. That's why she's called you in."

"Really?" I asked. "So what's my sister been doing?" I asked, playing along.

"Your sister has been behaving inappropriately," the Mother Superior said. "She's been caught having - - dalliances - - with the boys from the town."

"What sort of dalliances?"

"She was found with one young man's member in her mouth," the Mother Superior said, raising her hand to Chelsea's lips, letting her suck on one of her fingers as they both stared at me. "Another time she had the same young man's member between her breasts." She slid her finger down between Chelsea's big jugs and ran it up and down her cleavage.

"Is that everything?" I asked them.

"Oh no, Mr Hazard," the Mother Superior said, moving her hand down to Chelsea's skirt, lifting it aside, revealing the tiniest of white g-strings. She eased her finger inside, running it along her slick, juicy lips before pushing it gently into her pussy. "I'm afraid your sister allows just about any boy put his member into her sweet, tight lady box," she said, working another finger into Chelsea's pussy.

I watched my mother finger my sister's pussy, my long cock lengthening and thickening beneath my shorts, clearly outlined down my pants leg.

"That's shocking news," I said, not sounding shocked at all.

"But that's not the worst of it, Mr Hazard," the Mother Superior said, her other hand sliding down Chelsea's back. "You see, she lets the boys put their members in her bottom as well," she said, making Chelsea jump and moan as she wormed first one then a second finger into her ass. "As much as I try to instruct her otherwise, it appears your sister loves being penetrated in both her holes."

Chelsea sighed and closed her eyes, leaning into the Mother Superior slightly as she fingered her pussy and her ass at the same time.

"That's dreadful," I said, watching intently.

"But do you know what the very worst thing is, Mr Hazard?" the Mother Superior asked. I shook my head. "Your sister claims she discovered her love of sex from you, Mr Hazard. That you taught her everything she knows."

Mother Superior suddenly withdrew her fingers from Chelsea - - making her groan in disappointment - - and pushed her over to me, making her kneel between my legs, the busty nun kneeling on the other side of my right leg.

"Show me, Chelsea," she said. "Show me how you commit incest."

I grinned as Chelsea - - the perfect porno schoolgirl - - grabbed my shorts, unbuttoned them and had them on the floor in record time before grabbing my huge cock and stuffing it in her mouth. She went as deep as she could, slobbering over the shaft, her tongue lashing around the knob before licking up and down the length.

"So it's true," our Mother Superior said. "You do commit incest with your own brother."

"Mmm-hmm," Chelsea murmured, her mouth full of my dick.

"I can see why," Mother Superior said. "It's so big," she sighed, reaching over and grasping the root of my thick cock, her fingers barely meeting around it. "Suck his cock, Chelsea," she sighed. "Suck your brother's big cock."

Chelsea did as she said, working her mouth up and down my prick, gagging on it as the fat head nudged against the back of her throat. She reared up, gasping for breath, letting our mother lean in and suck on my dick as well, her big tits squashing against my leg.

Chelsea stood and pulled off her g-string followed by her skirt then climbed on to the sofa, straddling me, leaning in and kissing me deeply. Our mother let my dick slip from her mouth and instead positioned it at the entrance to Chelsea's pussy, holding it steady as Chelsea moved back a little. I sighed as the head of my dick eased into my sister's twat, the tight warmth enveloping it.

"Mmmm, that feels good, big brother," Chelsea said as we kissed. I brought my hands up and pulled her blouse apart, the knot giving way, her huge, fake mounds filling my hands to overflowing. "Yeah - - hold my titties - - hold 'em as you fuck me," she said.

Mother Superior moved out of the way as Chelsea began moving back and fore, more and more of my cock slipping into her pussy until she was grinding her bald, shaved pussy lips down on to my trimmed pubes, the whole of my cock inside her.

"Oh fuck - - fuck that's good - - ahhhhhh - - fuck me," she moaned, sliding her hot, juicy cunt up and down my cock as I held her huge mounds. I started thrusting as she moved, shoving my dick inside her over and over and she rocked on top of me. I bent my head and pushed her tits up, allowing me to suck on her hard, small nipples. "Ooooh fuck - - fuck, yeah!" she cried.

She stopped moving suddenly and I noticed our mother was stood behind her again, one hand in the small of Chelsea's back.

"As I said, Mr Hazard, your sister loves being penetrated in both her holes," she said, leaning forward, the head of the large strap-on dick she wore pushing against Chelsea's asshole.

"Ahh - - ahhhhhh fuck - - oh fuck that's big," Chelsea moaned as our mother, still dressed as a nun, pushed the big rubber cock into her ass while my own dick was still deeply embedded in her pussy. "Oh Jesus - - aahhhhmmmmmm - - fuck - - fuck me, both of you," she cried.

"You heard her, Alex," our mom said, putting one foot up on the sofa to get some leverage as we both started fucking Chelsea, me in her pussy, mom in her ass, both her holes incredibly tight. It was kinda weird, feeling mom's fake dick through the thin membrane that separated Chelsea's ass from her pussy, while watching her huge tits move beneath her nun's outfit as she buttfucked her daughter. Weird but good!

I grabbed Chelsea's ass cheeks and spread them wide, letting mom shove her strap-on deeper into Chelsea's ass as I fucked her pussy.

"Aahhh - - aaahhhhiiiieiee - - fuck me - - fuck me hard!" Chelsea cried as we did just that, me and our mom double penetrating her before mom looked down and smiled at me.

"Wanna swap holes, Alex?" she asked. I simply smiled back and she slowly withdrew her strap-on, slapping Chelsea's ass as she did. "Come on, Chels," she said, "time to swap."

My sister kissed me and moved off my dick, turning round and sucking on it for a moment before turning to our mother's strap-on and sucking that clean as she offered it to her. Once she was ready, she climbed back into my lap facing away from me, her back against my chest, as our mom once more grabbed my cock, this time aiming it at Chelsea's already stretched butthole. As I grabbed Chelsea's thighs and spread them wide, I thrust upward, my cock sliding into my sister's asshole which clasped as me, greedy to get me inside.

"Oohhhhhh fuck - - yes, big brother - - ahhhmmmm - - do it - - fuck me in the ass!" Chelsea moaned as inch after inch of my big dick slid into her butt, the tight, hot muscles grabbing my shaft and - - I swear! - - feeling like it was trying to pull me in. "Fuck my ass - - ahhhhhhh yeah - - fuck my ass!"

"You like that, baby?" our mom asked, stepping between our wide spread legs. "You like your brother sodomising you?"

"Love it, mom," Chelsea gasped. "So good - - aauhhhuhhhh - - so good in my ass."

Our mom laughed, took hold of her strap-on and once more eased it into Chelsea, the fake dick sliding into her pussy this time, making her asshole contract even more around my cock. Chelsea whined, a high, keening note, as she felt mom's rubber dick delve deep into her cunt while I unmercifully kept pounding my cock up her butthole.
