 Sebastian kneeled next to his sister on the stained grey carpet and prayed. "Heavenly father, keep us pure and true in the coming trials. Let us defeat our enemy and cleanse your Earth of darkness. May we always keep our promise to you, no matter the material temptation before us. Amen."

"Amen," Esther repeated by his side. 

They stood up in their combat gear and ignored the stares from the local church goers. Sebastian would have preferred a catholic establishment, but this was the only holy place in walking distance of their target zone. They made a striking pair, him and his sister. He'd worked hard for a body in peak physical condition, and he was blessed to have had a large frame to start with. White combat pants stretched over his tree trunk legs. Muscles bulged underneath his matching white t-shirt with a red cross emblazoned on the front. His long, cylindrical neutralizer hung from a thick white belt among a variety of pouches. 

The church had updated the uniforms of their order to blend with the times a while back, white robes and plate armor were far too conspicuous. His sister wore much the same, but tailored to her slimmer, still powerful body. She was a world class sprinter and it showed. They had matching silver-blonde hair, inherited from their parents. Both of them ran 1" clippers over their heads every month to maintain a simple buzz cut. It was part of their duty to keep an austere appearance. 

"Anything else from the informant?" she asked as they donned their white winter coats and exited the church into the dark city streets. 

"Just what got us assigned this place. Multiple possible Lust Magi, high chance of at least one attending the University." 

"So just patrol for now?"

"Affirmative."

They walked under shining street lamps in silence for a few blocks. This would be their first time going up against Lust magic, Sebastian wanted to take every precaution. 

"Esther, there's something I wanted to talk to you about."

She looked at him quizzically. 

"It's the makeup."

"Oh, come on Sebastian. I look enough like a man with the hair, it's nothing flashy."

"You won't look like a man," he assured her, "but any sexual adornment could lead to the sinner's path. You know this."

"I am as bound by our vow of celibacy as you are. This is for my well-being, not an attempt to excite some pleasure-seeking pig." 

He grabbed her by the shoulder and swiveled her around on the sidewalk. "Remove it sister, for me."

She averted her gaze from his. "Ok, for you."

Devices attached to both of their belts suddenly erupted into beeps, starting them out of their conversation and into combat positions. Magi were near.

--xxx--

Brian and Abby's laughing mixed with the sounds of the city under the evening sky. Their breath made twin puffs of white in the cold air. For the first time in days Brian's mind was clear of thoughts of witches and warlocks. He was just a normal dude hanging out with a girl. They were walking from campus to Abby's place. It turned out that she lived kind of close to Betsy. Their conversation had been great, turning from video games to favorite movies to personal questions. 

"So do you have any roommates?" he asked.

"Yeah but they're all out tonight, it'll just be us," she looked over at him from under her big fluffy winter hat, "Hope that's ok." 

For the first time he found himself attracted to Abby, and he was pretty sure it wasn't the magical urges. This conversation, her cute freckles. She'd been there all along, right under his nose. 

"That's cool. Abby, I'm really gl-" Bzzzzzz! 

His phone went off. He pulled it out and saw that it was Betsy. Fuck it, he'd check it later. Let her wait for once.

"Sorry, I was just saying I'm excited to play that new deathmatch mode."

When Abby didn't respond he looked over, just in time to see a flash of white stealing her from his field of view. 

"BRIAN!" she screamed, struggling against her assailant. A giant man in all white pried her arm back and held some sort of baton against her neck.

"Submit Witch," he spat with a twisted expression.

Suddenly there was a white figure on him too. A woman with short hair. He grappled with her in complete bewilderment. She had her own baton out and was trying to wack him as he gripped her wrists. What weapons did he have? What could he do? Only one thing came to mind. He activated Siren's Call at full blast. She made a strange face. Her arms weakened. He leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. 

Her arms fell completely limp and her baton dropped to the floor with a thud. He heard the large man yelling from behind them. The woman wasn't resisting, but she wasn't kissing back either. She stood with his face against hers until a hand appeared on his shoulder and tossed him to the side with incredible force. He crashed into a fence and was up in a second for Abby. She'd been pushed to the floor too, and was still getting to her feet. He pulled her up by the arm and they booked it. He looked behind his shoulder as they turned the corner. The man had the woman by her shoulders, she still looked dazed. 

--xxx--

"What... was... that?" Abby got out between breaths. They'd ran for 10 minutes straight. Brian had led them to the only place he knew to go. They were on the stairs up to door number 8. He checked his phone and read the message Betsy had sent right before the attack on their way up: "DANGER, GET TO ME NOW." 

"Are you calling the police?" Abby asked.

"No, um, Abby I'm really sorry you got involved in this."

"What do you mean?"

At that moment a loud bang resonated from the bottom of the stairwell, followed by several thumps. They both tensed. Somebody was climbing the stairs. He whispered the Lustball incantation under his breath, he didn't know how it would work as a weapon, but it was better than nothing. 

"Ah!" a green-haired girl shouted in surprise as she turned the corner. "Jesus fuck Brian you scared the shit out of me."

"Yeah you got us good too," he said as relief washed over his body. "Oh, uh, Sam this is Abby. Abby, Sam."

They greeted each other awkwardly. Abby looked to him, then looked back at the punk-metal girl on the stairs. "How do you two know each other?"

"We'll get to that," he replied. Abby was becoming more and more entangled in this mess. When they knocked on door 8 it swung open instantly. Betsy appeared in silk pajamas, her brow was scrunched up with worry. 

"Oh thank the devil you're safe." She gave him and Sam big bosom hugs, then turned to the geeky girl wringing her hands behind them. "And who is this?"

"My friend Abby, I know I shouldn't have brought her but we were attacked and I didn't know what else to do I-" she help up her hand to silence him.

"Attacked?"

"Two maniacs in all white jumped us."

"Fuck. They sent two. You're very lucky to have escaped. Here, come in. All of you."

Abby looked around the apartment wide-eyed as everyone took seats around the coffee table. 

"Shit so they're really here then. How'd they find us?" Sam started.

"Hold on," Betsy replied, "Abby. Dear. I need you to hang out in my bedroom for a bit. You can't hear this."

"Uh, listen I know that was scary but shouldn't we just call the police?" She responded in a timid voice.

Brian spoke up, "Abby trust me, these guys are friends. Could you just stay in the room for a few minutes? I promise I'll get you home."

"If you say so." She let Betsy lead her around the hall.

The sound of a door shutting and locking came back to them before Betsy did. "Those people were Magi Hunters, they've been employed by the church for hundreds of years," she revealed as she started to search the room.

"They basically think we're depraved monsters and need to be destroyed," added Sam.

"Aren't we though?"

"Yeah but they're still assholes."

"This is no light matter my thralls," Betsy said as she flipped through a book she'd pulled from the bottom of a dusty stack in the corner. She stopped on a page she seemed to like. "Brian, you are still a virgin right?"

"... Yes."

Sam snickered.

"And that girl you brought, is she?"

"I think so."

"Then I have a plan."

--xxx--

Brian had very mixed feelings, but it was too late to change his mind. Abby was already unconscious, in only panties, and tied to a mattress he'd helped drag across the living room floor. All other furniture had been cleared away, and a circle of candles was placed around the new centerpiece. He told himself there was no other way to generate the magical energy they needed. 

Betsy and Sam stood to either side. All present were naked. Betsy's hourglass figure was lit in candlelight across from Sam's triangle shaped build. He hadn't been surprised when she'd thrown off her clothes and revealed a pierced labia and curling ram's horns tattooed above it. Her fun-sized tits were perfectly round and she had an amazing, thick, bubble butt; hips that made him think she must have brazilian blood. She gave him an uncharacteristically grim look from her spot outside the circle. Betsy gave a reassuring nod from the other side. 

He walked forwards and gazed down at Abby past his hanging cock. Her waist was twisted so her legs were lying on top of each other. She looked fragile and exposed. Without clothes he could see that she was petite, but still developed. Slight curves traced a cute, perky, round ass and tiny tits with dark pink nipples that were stark against her pale skin. The shallow hills of her tits were smattered with freckles like the ones on her face. Without her glasses she was prettier. 

He gently shook her leg. "Abby, wake up."

Her eyelids fluttered open and she strained a little against the ropes around her wrists and ankles. 

"Brian..."

He began to stroke his cock. He didn't know if he could stop if he tried. For the last few minutes the hunger had been rapidly building, it was all-consuming at this point. The tiny nubile girl in front of him. His friend. Abby. He was going to fuck her senseless. 

Down on the mattress, her attention was entirely on his dick. Her eyes moved back and forth with his stroking hand. He wondered if his mammoth was the first cock she'd ever seen in the flesh? He walked over her so that his legs were on either side of her slight waist. She looked up at the underside of his dick and his heavy balls with something between fear and admiration in her eyes. He lowered himself until he was straddling her stomach, his cock rested on her ribcage. It reached between her little boobs, past her slender neck, and bumped her on the chin. Her body was cool against the skin of his shaft. 

Still spread eagle, she tucked in her head and took just the very end of him into her mouth with a little kiss. Her eyes were wide. He fought the urge to move forwards, he let her take the first steps. She took the whole head next. Her tongue moved over him as much as it could in a full mouth. After Betsy, he could feel how inexperienced she was. He reached down and licked her nipples on either side of his shaft as she simultaneously explored his tip. The other girls began to chant in latin. 

He gripped Abby's sides and rubbed back and forth over her body. He watched her tiny upper lip slide over the puffy edge of his mushroom tip as he did so. Eventually, he backed himself to the end of the mattress, withdrawing his manhood from her mouth and kissing her body as he went. He was in between her legs now, looking down at her yellow underwear. His dick rested against her thigh. She pulled against the ropes to get a view of herself. A strand of saliva still hung from her chin. She gyrated her hips against his hands as he used them, and his teeth, to rip the panties off in fervid tearing motions. Her pussy was laid bare. A line of wetness dribbled out of two tight pussy lips. They formed a single, perfect crease in a smooth mound of skin that had been completely shaven clean by Betsy and Sam. He picked up his cock and slowly rubbed it against her pussy. Not going in yet, just exploring the possibility. He looked up at her face one last time.

"Abby..."

"I... I want it in me. Really."

He obliged. He leaned over her and looked into her eyes as the first inch went in. She gasped and twitched sharply against the rope. Neither of them were virgins anymore. He slid further inside.

"Ooooohhhhhh," she let out a low noise that raised in pitch as it came out. 

He felt something momentarily resist his cock at the entrance of her pussy. He'd broken her hymen.

"Ahh, ow," she squealed.

He fought his body's instincts and paused, afraid he'd hurt her. 

"No, keep going. Brian... I've been waiting so long for you."

She let out her loudest cry yet as he completed his penetration, he couldn't go any further and he couldn't believe how much of him she'd taken. She thrashed in both pain and pleasure as he broke her in. He began to pull out and felt the tight walls of her vagina cling to him in response. The girls chanted louder and raised up their hands, both of them were channeling huge amounts of energy. A steady rhythm developed on the mattress. Abby's chest would heave as he pushed himself into her and then reversed direction. Her hands clung to the taunt ropes tied to her wrists.

"Fuck me, fuck me with your big dick" she whispered over and over. 

The pace picked up. He fucked her tight hole with relentless passion. Both of their body's were slick with sweat. He could see the outline of his cock through her stomach as he pounded her tiny body. His dick looked monstrous between her petite thighs. He thought it was odd that he hadn't noticed their auras in the last few moments, then he realized that the entire room was coated in a solid mist of smokey light. Abby was practically wailing now, her high voice mixed with the low chanting of Betsy and Sam. She bucked and squirmed against her restraints. Pussy juice and a few drops of crimson stained the mattress. 

Their bodies were one writhing beast in the candlelight. He felt an orgasm coming, an intense pressure deep in his lower body. She had her mouth wide open in an "O" shape. He didn't know if it'd be safe to cum inside. In one motion he leaned back and pulled his cock out. Her legs shuddered as he withdrew. Her pussy gaped open in the absence, stretched far more than it had ever been before. A guttural noise escaped him and he began to cum. Abby's body went limp as an unrelenting stream of semen shot forward for an unbelievable amount of time. He was in a state of pure bliss. His load fell onto Abby like a shower of hot rain. He cummed all over her freckled chest, her pink nipples, her sunken stomach, her face and her hair. He fell onto the mattress next to her, completely empty. The chanting ceased. 

"We welcome you to our earthly realm, friend." Betsy's silky voice broke the silence. 

"Wonderful to be here," replied the Demon.