 Adam strolled quickly up the dark avenue, past the slumbering outlines of other campers and vans, the polished toes of his loafers glinting in the light of a distant streetlamp. Under his breath, he counted the vehicles he passed, his sleek head turning sharply at the slightest sound.

He reached the end of the row and his steps faltered. Peering out into the darkness beyond, he could just make out the faint, blue aura of a neon light and, looking back longingly at the paved campground, stepped off into the bushes in search of the distant glow.

It was a small caravan, like those of gypsies in old fairytale books. Adam guessed he shouldn't have been surprised at the fantastical appearance of the wooden trailer, only he had never seen anything like the detailed silver flowers and creatures etched over the surface of the woodwork before. Smoothing back his hair subconsciously, the man knocked quietly on the red door.

"Come in," purred a velvety voice. Adam held his head up higher and turned the brass knob.

The room was dim and draped with velvety curtains, but otherwise had the interior of the average camper, equipped with a small table, a sink and stovetop, a door leading to a bathroom, and a bed tucked away on a risen platform. At the table sat a young woman with brown curls who was staring at him, unmoving. Adam jumped sharply as his brain registered her presence, but masked his shock with what he clearly thought to be a smooth nod. The woman chuckled.

Now that he was here, his nerves were starting to twitch and his face felt hot. He inserted a finger into his damp collar and cleared his throat.

"I, uh...I was the one who called. I called about my uh...a problem."

"You're Adam," said the woman, leaning into the light streaming from the hanging lamp above the table and he saw clearly that she had a sweet, kind face and a smudge of shadow rested above her small, pert breasts.

"Yes," he said, the air escaping his lungs in a sharp puff of relief. Some of his awkwardness dissolved and he smoothed his hair out of his face and managed a smile.

The woman motioned for him to sit on the booth seat opposite her. He stepped smoothly over and sat. The velvet of the fabric draped over the bench felt soft and cool against his trousers and back. 

"Your name was?" asked Adam, injecting a note of cynicism into his voice, hoping to make it clear that he was no fool where business transactions were concerned and that he expected some kind of references from this supposed professional.

For the first time, the woman's gaze turned sharp and Adam knew he was being sized up. He had seen that keen glare on the faces of the men who came to his office; old men, grizzled and accustomed to the shark tank who shouted questions and distrusted the notion that a Facebook page would do anything for their business. 

The woman moistened her coral lips with her tongue and replied, "You may call me Miss."

Adam shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat, but said nothing. He supposed dealings such as these did not follow normal business protocol. 

"Now," said Miss briskly, the air quivering with a kind of energy with every word, "You're here about your penis if I remember correctly."

Adam breathed sharply, staring into Miss's fawn-brown eyes and feeling a hot prickle crawl over his lower back as he broke out in a sweat. He wasn't going to let her see him falter, though. "That's right," he supplied as quickly as possible, giving her the steely look he reserved for his toughest clients.

She laughed and a feeling of ease stole over him. She smiled warmly and he couldn't help but crack a slight grin. 

"Adam," she said, clearly amused, "I deal with men just like you all of the time, please do not feel uncomfortable in the slightest talking about your genitals. I assure you I will treat your case with confidentiality and professionalism." She tilted her head slyly, adding, "Of course my business is unlike your average clinic or medical practice in many ways, but do not doubt that your secret is safe with me."

Adam swallowed and nodded, settling a little more comfortably into the bench seat. 

"So," she said, leaning away from the light, "why are you here?"

Adam spoke carefully, trying to match her cool demeanor and make himself relax. "Well, my partners...the women I'm with, I mean...they don't like it, they say it's too small."

The woman nodded, unfazed. "So you would like an enlargement charm?"

Adam nodded, then, feeling this was too noncommittal, added, "That's right."

"Well!" Miss said, clapping her hands and making him jump slightly, "Let's see it, then! Chop, chop! Stand up, there you go." She motioned for him to stand and then snapped her fingers, "Off with your trousers, Adam. I need to see what we're dealing with."

When it came right down to it, he didn't feel as nervous with his cock hanging out as he'd thought. There was the usual anxiety about what she would think, since she was a beautiful woman, but something about her matter-of-fact attitude made him a lot less self-conscious. A cool breeze brushed his flaccid dick where it hung, about three inches long, above his shaved balls.

"Hmm," said Miss appreciatively, eyeing his pink flesh. "It is a bit small, isn't it?" she asked, musing, "but do you know, Adam, I have seen much smaller. And I've sent them away with twelve- and thirteen-inch cocks, but you're all perfectly normal." She sighed, as thought the state of male self-esteem troubled her. He was a bit shocked at her colloquial speech, but took it in stride; her eyes resting on his cock and the dip of her v-neckline was causing little thrills to run over the sensitive head of his dick.

"So, do you really want a larger penis, Adam?" Miss asked, turning her eyes up to meet his. They were large and almost feline- very pretty and welcoming. He felt dangerously on the verge of beginning to inflate. Although, he thought wryly, this sexy woman seemed to be eyeing his package rather a lot more than was necessary. He was beginning to feel more self-confident and a sweet smell of honeysuckle was pervading his thoughts and dulling the sharp edges of his stress.

"Down to business," she said, turning away for a moment to grab a paper on the countertop. As she turned, he saw the round curves of her ass pressing against her lavender dress and his cock started to feel more plump and taut.

She came back to the table and sat. Adam hesitated, then bent to pull up his slacks.

"No," she said without looking at him, "You stay there."

"Sorry," he said, embarrassed.

"Miss," she said, meeting his gaze.

"Sorry, Miss," he said, smoothing his hair back and darting glances at her neckline which had somehow slipped and revealed a pale crescent of her breast.

Miss spread out the document and looked up, businesslike. "What kind of cock do you want, Adam? How long?"

She leaned over the paper, a pen ready at hand. He noticed her right breast pressed against her arm and swelled over the neckline of her top.

"Uh...10 inches," he said, imagining the pornstar whose penis he had always envied.

"Thickness?"

"uhm..."

"Just hold up your hand in a circle and I can get it."

He made a ring with his hand and she muttered, "7 1/2 inches. Well, we're not messing around here, are we, Adam? Circumsized?"

He answered a dozen more questions about color, weight and ejaculation capabilities before Miss looked up again.

"Now, Adam, the payment?"

"I brought the $6,000," said Adam hurriedly, reaching into his jacket pocket where it hung beside his bare hip. He pulled out a thick envelope and passed it into her hand. She looked inside, then set it down on the bench beside her, out of sight.

"Now, we're ready to begin."

She stood and fixed her gaze on Adam. "Are you ready?"

He nodded, swallowing. He was excited to impress the women at the office, to never feel anxiety as he unbuttoned before a woman's expectant gaze again. "Yes, I'm ready."

"Good,", she said, and knelt before him. In one, swift movement, she was grasping his cock in her soft hands and stroking, chanting softly in a language that he had never heard before. The lights flickered and he felt a red current of electricity power up his spine from the tip of his dick. The skin of his penis began to stretch and he shouted involuntarily, reaching down to push the woman away in shock. His hands didn't move. In fact, his whole body was frozen, except for his now swelling, blistering cock.

He peered down and saw Miss's hands were still stroking, but the shaft was starting to lengthen, to thicken. It felt like something was rushing back and forth, up and down his limp shaft, something that burned icy-hot. He felt tears pour down his face as sobs wracked his torso. He didn't want a bigger penis, he'd be happy with the one he'd been born with. Just let it stop, he pleaded in his mind. He pleaded out loud with Miss, promising impossible things, more money, a house, his car. 

When he looked down again, Miss's hands were barely grasping a massive, meaty cock that was glistening with new, pink skin and throbbing with what he imagined must have been a pint of his blood. He felt a weight begin to pull at his hips and the painful, rushing feeling began to recede. Instead, the aching frustration of a throbbing erection made itself known and he felt his new, meaty cock drop between his legs as his body broke free from the spell and collapsed.