 The woman would have looked out of place at a Halloween party, people glancing at her out of the corners of their eyes, thinking that she was just a little too comfortable in her costume. But she wasn’t at a costume party and it was a sweltering summer night instead of the last week of October.

It was unusual to see someone sitting alone at one of the large booths along the wall of the club. Even stranger was that she had her short skirt pulled up and a leg on the seat next to her. As one hand fiddled with the straw in her drink, the other had disappeared beneath the lip of the table, finding its way between her legs so she could enjoy the feeling of her fingers gently caressing the lips of her hairless pussy.

Glancing at the booth next to her, she smiled. The man and woman sitting closest were kissing passionately and dry humping through their clothes. Leaning slightly so she could look around them, she saw that the other two couples were in similar embraces. Unfortunately for them, the bouncer was also paying attention and was just waiting for a flash of tit or pussy before asking them to settle down, rent one of the VIP rooms in the back, or get the hell out. Of course, it wasn’t until the man working security couldn’t see the pussy or tits anymore that he would finally say something, he wasn’t about to ruin one of the perks of his job.

The couple grinding on each other finally stepped over the line as the female unsteadily stood up on the seat of the booth while the man held her hips, keeping the inebriated woman from falling over. Bending slightly at the waist, she reached under her miniskirt and slowly peeled down her panties, showing her wet snatch to the bouncer and everyone out on the dance floor. The brutish looking man arrived just as the catcalls and hoots started coming from the partygoers, the drunken lady giggling and shaking her ass at them in response.

The woman sitting alone continued to stroke the lips of her pussy, grinning slightly at the knowledge that she was mostly to blame for the table’s exodus to the back rooms. As her neighbors left, the bouncer looked over at the woman playing with herself, but his gaze seemed to slide off her the same way everyone else’s did. A man who had been drinking heavily stumbled off the dance floor toward the lone female, a woman without a gaggle of her friends was easy prey for a one-night stand in his eyes, but a second later suddenly found something else of interest and the woman was forgotten. Two new couples made their way toward the woman’s booth, the men both hoping that the strangely dressed lady might join them for a threesome later. A moment later the woman was again forgotten as they took up the recently vacated booth next to her.

“Dude! Why the fuck did you bring Ren along? Autumn is a total fucking slut and I can tell he’s striking out with her already!” said one of the men yelling over the thumping music.

“Chill out Tyler! Ren is the only reason Brit and I are passing Mr. Haven’s calculus class! He’s helped me with public speaking and built that monster of a computer Brit has for editing her movies and her graphic design class! The least I can do is try to help the man lose his V-card!”

The woman’s fingers stopped moving.

“Shit! He still has that! Fuckin-A man, he’s twenty-two! Who the hell is still a virgin at that age?! Then again, if he can’t get between Autumn legs, your best bet is probably going to be buying him a hooker for the night. I’ll tell you what, if he’s fucked things up as bad as it sounded back at the bar I’ll get him to build me a gaming system and we’ll go halves on getting him an escort for the night!”

The girl who the woman was guessing was ‘Brit’ reached over and smacked Tyler on the arm. “Shut up here he comes!”

Looking towards the dance floor the lady could immediately make out Ren. In the sea of bodies bumping and grinding to the beat blasting from the gigantic speakers, a lone timid figure wove his way through the myriad people around him. Seemingly unaware of the jiggling tits, bare legs, and swaying hips as he made his way to the table his friends were at.

“Dude! Where’s Autumn?!” The first man yelled, the girl’s name getting drowned out by the noise of distorted bass from the dub-step song the DJ crossfaded into.

Ren jerked a thumb over his shoulder at the dance floor making it clear that wherever she was, she wasn’t with him.

The woman crawled over to the side of the booth and got a good look at the man as he sat down, immediately wondering how he could still be a virgin. Admittedly, he wasn’t stunningly handsome, but he wasn’t ugly by any means. His arms showed that while he didn’t have as much definition as the other two, who most definitely fell into the ‘jock’ body style, he must have at least worked out some as he wasn’t overweight and seemed relatively toned. Unfortunately, she was making guesses about his body. Where everyone else was dressed in clothing made for dancing, this Ren fellow looked like he walked straight out of that eighties movie about a bunch of college nerds, all he needed was a pocket protector and some wide-rimmed glasses.

Expecting a nasally, whiny voice she was pleased to hear it was actually a very crisp baritone as he sat down and began chatting with the other four. The conversation was brief and after only a couple of minutes, Ren made like he was about to stand back up.

“Going to try your luck out on the dance floor?!”

“Nah! I don’t want to drag your guys’ night down, I’m heading back to the house!” he yelled back as he stood up.

Brit reached across the man she was with and grabbed his hand, “Don’t Go! I’m sure we can find someone else for you in here!”

Ren shook his head before pulling the woman toward him and kissing her on the forehead, making her giggle.

“The fuck?!” said Tyler just barely loud enough for them to hear. The other man held up a hand silencing any further comments.

“You aren’t wasting your night trying to get me laid, Brit. You guys have fun! I’ll see you in class on Monday!” he called out as he turned to leave.

“A moment please,” came a soft voice from beside Ren as he felt a light touch on his elbow.

Turning, his eyes widened as he took in the woman kneeling on the seat of the booth next to where his friends were sitting. He’d seen fuck-me eyes before, but never directed at him and this woman seemed to have them as part of her natural expression. What really got his attention was her attire. A witch’s hat rested atop her head, wide-brimmed and circled with a black leather strap held in place by a golden buckle. The point stuck out behind her, the hat bending a couple of inches above the top of her head. As if the that wasn’t weird enough she also wore a shimmering purple cape that might have been made from velvet, a light golden chain held the cape in place with a small brooch attached to one side. She wore a bodice that tied in the front with two triangular flaps jutting out of the top covering her nipples. Ren gasped as he looked down and saw that her already short skirt had ridden up to her waist and the way she knelt he could see the slit of her pussy with her clit just barely poking out the top.

Regaining his composure, he asked, “Is there a cosplay or anime convention going on I haven’t heard about?”

“What the fuck was that JC?! You let him kiss her?!” yelled Tyler, distracting Ren from the woman in front of him, the man suddenly seemed very loud as the DJ had turned the music down. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that it hadn’t slowed the action out on the dance floor at all.

“On the forehead Tyler! Don’t be an idiot!”

What the hell? Why was JC still yelling too? Ren looked around but nobody else seemed to care that his friends were bellowing at each other.

“As long as she and I are together the only way he would fuck Brit is if I put his dick inside her and pushed for him,” hollered JC.

Ren frowned at his friend. “Dude, really? You’re making me sound like a total wimp.”

“He can’t hear you,” came the soft voice again, drawing his attention back to her naked pussy. He quickly caught himself and his eyes snapped back up to the woman’s face.

Her words sunk in. “Wait... what?”

“They can’t hear you as long as you are talking to me,” she said with a smile, shifting so her legs were a touch further apart.

The flustered man noticed the movement, his gaze dropping to her exposed sex for just a moment before tearing his eyes away once again and staring intently at her face. “How is that possible?”

“I would think that speaking to someone wearing this,” she used a hand to indicate her attire, “the answer would be obvious. However, that is of no concern, you have something that I need for a particular project I’m working on.”

“If it’s anything IT or computer related I’m your guy,” he said smiling.

“Nothing so droll, dear. Though I do have a computer at home you might like to tinker with. If what your friends said before you arrived was true then you are a virgin, correct?”

Ren almost wished he had been drinking something at that moment so he could have done a genuine spit-take. The macho part of his mind reared its ugly head and screamed at the woman, “How dare you assume I’m still a virgin! Women line up for miles to worship my proud cock!” Aloud he sighed and said, “Yes, I am.” Then immediately wondered why the fuck he just admitted that to a complete stranger.

Even if he wasn’t a virgin, he probably would have said yes just for the opportunity to play with some older tech if her computer was a bit outdated. Judging by how she spoke, that seemed likely.

“Hmm, I believe I understand now why your lady friend lost interest, here I am showing myself to you and your mind is elsewhere.” She leaned back and reached down, spreading the lips of her pussy with two fingers, “It feels much better when both your eyes and your attention is on me. I enjoy being looked at,” her other hand came up and pulled down the triangles at the top of her bodice, revealing her nipples, “but if I feel you aren’t listening to me, I’ll cover myself and you will never see those parts of me again.”

There was a strange finality to the lady’s words that erased any hope she might be joking. “Why do you care if I’m a virgin?” he asked after a short pause. “If you are talking about virgin sacrifices, I’m out. If you are just a cougar who likes taking V-cards, then let’s do this.” Ren swallowed hard as his eyes took in her body, trying to burn every fold of her pussy and every ridge of her areola into his mind for later dalliances with Rosie Palmer. He realized that his mouth was watering from the thought of taking her hard clit or nipple into his mouth and sucking on it. He’d seen plenty of porn online and had never reacted like this before.

The woman smiled, “No virgin sacrifices and sadly your virginity isn’t for me, but I would much rather discuss this back at my place.”

He swallowed again as she moved her hand and started tracing tiny circles around her clit with the pad of her finger. “Not for you?” he asked, coming out of his reverie for a moment. “You don’t have some dude at home who is going to try to fuck my ass, do you? I’ve heard about weird shit like that happening.”

The woman laughed, “While I’ll admit that I do own a strap-on, the asses it has been inside were all female. You won’t be the only man there, but all of the other men are my servants, not lovers.”

“No plans on having sex with me and killing me?”

She raised an eyebrow, “If I were going to do something like that do you think I would tell the truth? Why so suspicious all of a sudden?”

“No, I suppose you wouldn’t and please forgive me but... stuff like this doesn’t happen to me. It happens to guys like Tyler and JC but never me.”

She smiled again. Damn, did her lips look kissable. He had made out with a couple of girls before, not that he ever made it to second base, but never once had such a strong desire to kiss a woman.

“Come, we must go now,” she said standing up in the booth then tugging her skirt and top into their proper place before stepping from the seat to the floor. “Finding you has aroused me fiercely and my scent has a very pronounced effect on men and women already planning on having sex later.” With a flick of her wrist, a cellphone appeared her hand.

Andromeda 10 XPS model, niiice. Ren stared as the woman then did something he had not seen in ages. She opened up the phone app and typed in the number from memory. The strange, witch-looking, magic lady doesn’t get along with tech? Good thing this sounded like a one-night thing, his geekiness didn’t think he could handle a woman who didn’t even know how to properly use the basic functions of a cell.

She spoke a few words to the person on the other end and hung up before looking up at him, frowning. “You’re doing it again. That attitude is why Autumn ditched you, and to be honest if I didn’t need you right now, I would too,” she said making the phone vanish again with another motion of her hand.

He glared at her, “What, you can read minds now? And that doesn’t sound like something you would say to a man you need to come with you.”

“No, but I can read faces, and what you think of people shows through clearly. As for needing you, I don’t really. You just meet my criteria and I don’t feel like waiting around for another year or two to try this again.”

“Again?”

“I’ll explain in the car, we must go. Now.”

She took his hand and began hurriedly pulling him toward the exit. Noises slowly began filtering in as though someone was turning up the volume of the club around them. Looking back his eyes almost fell out of his head as he saw Brit bouncing on top of JC in the booth while JC’s sister, the other woman in their group, did the same to Tyler. Glancing over at where the bouncer usually stood, he saw a brunette squatting in front of him bobbing on the large man’s cock as two fingers plunged repeatedly into her sopping pussy.

“Holy, fuck,” he whispered looking over at the dance floor. No one was dancing, the entire floor had turned into a huge orgy with clothes scattered everywhere and everyone trying their damndest to either fill a hole or get their holes filled.

Ren looked forward and saw the bouncer at the door smiling at him and the woman pulling him along. “Get to feeling a bit too frisky tonight mistress?”

Mistress? What the fuck?

“Sorry Jones, I meant to get out of here sooner, you know what to do,” she said, her voice switching to a heavy English accent.

Jones pulled his shirt over his head and dropped his pants and underwear as they reached the door. “I sure do! Lock the door, have as much fun as I can then press the button when everyone has come back around.”

“Mistress?” asked Ren.

“Club’s named after her kid. Time to have some fun!” As the woman pulled him out the door Jones suddenly grew two feet in height as his chest expanded to proportions that would have put most bodybuilders to shame. Thick gray fur sprouted all over his body as his nose and mouth elongated into a muzzle. Two triangular ears popped up from the fur on his head as his feet lengthened to resemble a dog’s hind legs, the man swearing as the shoes he forgot to remove burst apart from the transformation. Ren was looking back at the monster as Jones gave him a small salute and a toothy smile before locking the door behind him.

A moment later he heard the creature’s voice bellow, “Alright you bitches! Who wants to fuck a real furry?!” Gasps of alarm from inside were quickly replaced by squeals of delight that seemed to be moving toward the door.

Ren was white as a ghost as the woman finally stopped at the curb for the drop-off area and looked about for their ride. The terrified man gazed up at the neon sign above them:

‘Club Lethe’

He then carefully read the smaller sign below it which he had ignored on the way in.

‘Where your night was amazing if you can’t remember it the next morning.’