 So hungry... So horny... So needy!

You'd think that life as a plant would be something simple and easy, entirely stress free, but you'd be so very wrong.

Maybe for the trees I hung across the branches of, they didn't mind the world just passing by... But I'm still a woman too!

My body more slender than even the "Prettiest" of the tribal lizard girls, thanks to a lack of need for silly thinks like organs anymore... I was A witch, long ago, and yearned for an eternal life of beauty... Of course, the forest god I chanted my desires to was feeling tricksy that day, and rather than granting me god like immortality, I was put to sleep with a breath of pink mist from her lips, and awoke in the trees above a forest path.

It took me some time to realise what had become of me... My skin once the deep and rick colour of hazelnut, had become a deep and lush green, my arms now felt stronger but so much slimmer, fingers ending in think and lacquered black thorns that curled like talons.

The rest of my body had changed too, lithe and slender, whip-like in places, with flexibility beyond what I'd ever dreamt of in my own body.

That seemed to be where the benefits of being a plant ended though. I felt a painful pull, as though the end of my hair was trapped in something when I tried to get too far from my perch high in the ancient tree I'd awoken in. As I looked around, noticing the vines coloured a familiar shade, and followed them back to myself... I understood.

I'd asked for immortality from something much older and more aged than myself... Now I'd be shackled to one, leaching from it with these slender tendrils to feed my own life.

Irony, you are a bitch.

After a few days of laying on my back, swinging my leg back and forth, staring up through the leaves to catch the occasional glimpse of the beautiful sun.. I heard something coming.

Then, I smelt it coming too... A rich, musky scent, that set bulbs arrayed around my throat like a choker to vibrate before blooming, the sight of it visible in a small, suspiciously clear pool right below me in the tree.

I saw my own face in the reflection, a pale green compared to the rest of me, my eyes slitted and coloured rose, now with a ring of delicate pink roses ringing my throat... I felt something I had thought now a memory at best for me.

I felt turned on. Not horny, but turned on, tuned in, wound up and feeling satisfaction close by... A few of my vines unwrapped from the tree, and came to float around me like extra arms, showing me their ends, with delicate pink membranes like the lips I'd once had between my legs... They were open too! Just a little... Just enough to see it, a soft opening behind the lips... It clicked.

I wasn't just turned on... I was hungry.Prey was coming...

The lizard man came along below, tight muscle rippling under the leathery scales, coloured a dull yellow all over except for the red at his throat and crest... He was just delicious to look at, and I felt some hungry part of me paying particular attention to his physique, the way it rippled as he moved... Strong... Perfect... I licked my lips with a slender tongue, and positioned myself above him, sat on a thick branch, legs crossed to hide my lacking... Features.

"Hey there Cold one..." I announced, figuring something non threatening would be a good opener... Even as he stopped and looked around before landing his eyes on me with a suspicious scowl, my vines dropped slowly down into position in the bush around him.

He answered me in some primitive language, not that I minded... Ooo ooo all that tension in his voice made my body shiver from the base of my spine all the way up to the base of my skull, my "Hair" of deep rd vines that looked like a mane brushed the tops of my shoulders with the motion.

"Oh you *are* a feisty one aren't you? So much fight too... I suppose we'll see how much good that does you huh?" I asked, and found myself giggling at his confusion. I'm plenty sure that big buff lizard was expecting me to run, or maybe make a show of dominance for him to challenge but.. A giggle? That must have caught him off guard.

"The vines must have caught him off guard too now that I think about it.

A swarm of them shot from the forest all around him, and quickly lashed around his ankles, wrists, thighs, upper arms... Even his throat. I gave that one a little squeeze just to see his eyes flash with panic before lessening the grip pulling him up to me with the strength of my new found limbs, giving him a nice, inviting, red lipped smile all the way up as I let one of those special vines wind its way slowly up his bound up leg.

So fun... Was this how it felt to be a predator? The thrill of having something so entirely at the mercy of your power, knowing you'd feed on it, take its energy to fuel yourself... It was something beyond even just sexually thrilling. I needed every moment of it... The look of panic in his eyes was fucking exhilarating!

"Shhh... Hush now baby boy, c'mon I think we both know what has to happen here... If you behave yourself scale boy, I might even let you go after I'm done!" I told him excitedly. In truth, I didn't know exactly what I'd do... I knew I wanted taste of that lizards essence from one of his most private parts but... How to get it?

My instincts, it seemed, already knew.

That first vine stopped at his back, pressing his lips up against his little lizard tail hole, and I felt him squirm as something sticky with sweet and slick nectar licked up against that little hole, licking again and again, over and over in a flurry of want, just doing what was most likely to work to make the little lizard finally give up what I really had him for.

Finally, after a few seconds, the tip of that slithery and sharp tongue pressed up against his tiny ass hole and wriggled into it until I felt it push up, through, penetrating the big strong warrior in a way that his hissing gasp told me was entirely new to him.

I licked around inside of him, and after a few seconds of tasting the surprisingly tangy and citrusy inner walls of his ass hole, my eyes lit up, and I clapped happily at the sight of his bulbous cock sliding up out of its sheath, accompanied by the strained and confused sounds that came from the sweet lizard. He was still struggling, but only when I wasn't giving all of that attention to his ass... Maybe he wasn't exactly feeling so violated after all.

His cock was a beautifully animistic thing, all pink and slick, thick with almost snakelike veins bulging out of it in a deep shade of blue... I just wanted more! Another vine was already at the beck and call of my desires, and even as I found myself panting, slipping my legs up and down, moving the place between my legs that still felt a teasing itch I could no longer scratch...

Then? I took his cock into the end of one of my thicker vines, slowly, loving every moment of the process.

I pressed the lips to the tip first, and felt the same moment as he did as they began to kiss and smooch the tip of his dick, the lips dripping with a thick and sugary nectar, kissing over his cock again and again with those big soft lips before beginning to envelop the tip of his cock with slow, tugging motions, the feeling of his warm cock being taken into my vine as he got his sweet little ass hole licked thoroughly, now sliding in and out as it licked just to keep him satisfied... The barrage of sensation must of pushed him over the edge, as now he began straining to get closer, thrusting against the pussy at the end of my vine when it pulled back, pushing himself back onto the tongue in his ass when I pulled it out too far for his happiness.

God did I love it.... I loved it all, from the moment it started, and it was only getting better! As I swallowed his cock into my vine, I felt the way his cock twitched with each press of my tongue up against one hard, sensitive little spot in his ass, just behind the base of his tail... Deciding to be a good lover, I found myself pounding my tongue against that little spot over and over, only getting faster the more desperate I got!

At the same time, I slid my mouth pussy down over his cock, swallowing it in deeper and deeper, snake like in the motion I used to take his thick shaft inside me in a way that felt so... SO fucking satisfying! I stopped when I reached his body, and decided I was done playing patient and soft, beginning to suck all along his cock, squeezing with a milking motion the whole way along, the strong muscle rippling against his cock as I felt it stretching that vine to a limit I didn't know it had... But I did love it. A girl's got to have her love, and mine's the feeling of being stretched out... Just so satisfying.

I dragged my pussy back and forth along his shaft, licking at it with the tongue in there too, this one a little wider and plenty flexible... Momma got an idea.

I wrapped my tongue around his cock inside my own pussy, and began to stroke it back and forth as I fucked him, hearing his gasps now just a constant, pointless stream of hisses that made me so happy to hear as I jerked his cock off with my tongue, feeling his thrusts into my mouth hole getting more and more desperate, feeling his cock twitch more and more as now I just lashed his little G spot with my tongue, dragging it up and down, drumming against it mercilessly when he managed to accidentally get it away from my tongue for a second.

It was heaven! It was bliss!! Cum for me little lizard boy, give me that hot-!

Oh mother above did he...

His cock twitched and tugged violently as he came straight into what I guessed was like a throat, those milking, massaging motions with the mouth, the stroking of my tongue gaining a squeezing, my tongue inside his ass hole now just swirling against it madly as I tried to force every single drop from his sweet thick prick.

I squeezed it tightly at the end of each load he shot into my throat, forcing the dregs of that load into my body too before the next came and drenched my throat with the sweet salty tang of his cum...

I realised after a few moments that my actual body had managed to lay itself down, arms and legs hanging from the branch limply, mouth open as I drooled sugary, thick syrup from the corner of my mouth to the ground below.

Slowly, twitchily, I lowered the lizard to the ground below where I let him go, watching almost dreamily as he lay there panting for a while, cock slowly shrinking until it slipped back into its little scaley sheath.

Maybe three years later, or so my worn out, satisfied mind told me, he sat up, looking cautiously at me, and bent over, picking up one of the nine flowers that had fallen from my neck after my own climax with his seed filling me, before he skittered off.

I mumbled after him, amusing myself at least even if he likely didn't hear me.

"Tell your friends about me sweetheart..." With one vine waving after him half heartedly.

Maybe he did get the message though... My guess is that he told his tribe about me, and I've become something of a rite of passage for a lizard to become a "Real man" among them. Not that I really mind... After all, with some young stud being sent my way at least once a week, I'm kept well fed... My vines are getting longer, and these days, I can reach far enough to even snag an unsuspecting human from one of the clearer paths... Can't let them go though.

As sad as it is, my old kind might just see me as some flower witch rather than a goddess... But my sweet scaly boys with their ritual visits...Plus some taken in secret, keep me *very* satisfied.