 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both.

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different.

† † † † †

There is nothing to beat the feeling of waking up with two busty pornstars gently sucking and licking at your big cock - - trust me, I know as that's how my day started. I opened my eyes and looked down to find my mother and sister slowly jerking on my cock as they took turns kissing and nursing on the big head of my prick.

"Good morning," my mother said as she noticed I was awake.

"Mmmmm, morning," I muttered back, watching her swallow most of my shaft as my sister held it upright for her. "I could get used to this," I said.

"No you can't," Chelsea said. "Damian wouldn't like it." She nodded her head back over her shoulder and I looked up to find Damian - - the son of a bitch in black that had screwed me over time and again since I arrived here - - standing at the foot of the bed, holding a bunch of yellow roses.

"She's right - - you can't get used to this," he said and in a split second the roses he held turned into a pistol which he fired at me.

† † † † †

And, of course, that was when I really woke up.

"Shit," I whispered as I lay in my bed, my mother and sister laying either side of me, their huge tits squashed up against my chest as they slept in my arms. I very carefully moved out from between them, clambering over Chelsea as I got out of the bed and headed to the bathroom.

When I walked back into the room, I noticed they'd moved closer together and were now sleeping where I had been, Chelsea's head resting on our mother's tits.

My eyes went wide as I noticed a single yellow rose at the base of the bed.

"That fucker," I whispered.

It was time to do something about Damian.

† † † † †

"I've had enough," I told Daphne later that morning as we strolled through the city park. People milled around us - - business men and women, male and female joggers, people walking their dogs - - and even after all this time, I couldn't help but smile and stare at every hugely titted gorgeous women like a kid in a candy store. Or more accurately a pervert in the land of his dreams.

"So what do you want to do?" Daphne asked. She wore an all in one white dress that was backless and had a panel cut out in the front revealing more than a little of her huge boobs and which clung to her curves. She was pretty much immune to my charms - - or the spell of Pornoland, whichever it was - - so I'd never even kissed her let alone anything else but with her good looks, long blonde hair and deep blue eyes finishing off her killer body, I was sure thinking about it.

"I want this crap to end," I said. "Not just for me but for anyone else like us who arrives here remembering their past life. It's like you said - - this Damian guy's appointed himself judge of this world and he needs to be stopped." I looked at her. "Whatever you need me to do, I'll do it."

"Excellent," Daphne said with a smile. "Last time you were here, that bastard convinced you to throw yourself off a building. I somehow doubt we'll be able to get him to do the same."

"Can't we just - - you know - - kill him?"

Daphne shook her head. "No, I said before there's something about this place that prevents people killing each other. You could walk up to him with a loaded gun - - if you could even get one - - and when you tried to fire it, it wouldn't work. Try hitting him with it and you'd miss. This place doesn't like violence, which is no bad thing."

"I agree," I said. "I don't really want to hurt the guy, even after everything he's done, but I do want to get rid of him."

We both walked along the path, watching the other people as we wondered and thought about how to do this.

"What does he have that we can use against him?" I asked. "He took away my mother and sister for a time - - does he have anything similar?"

"Maybe," Daphne said after a pause. "There's a club that he goes to regularly. He's got something going on with one of the dancers."

"Do you know which one?" She nodded. "Okay, that gives me an idea," I said, fighting the urge to laugh like a bad movie villain.

† † † † †

"Wow, you look fantastic," I said to Daphne later that evening as she got into the car.

"Thanks," she said. "You don't look so bad yourself."

We'd both dressed up for our trip to the club where we hoped to confront Damian and finally put an end to all his bullshit. For once in Pornoland I wasn't wearing T-shirt and shorts - - I'd put a smart suit on over a blue silk shirt and Daphne had changed out of her usual white clothing and into a short black dress with a low neck line that showed off her big, deep cleavage, and which clung to her skin, accentuating her curves while being short enough to show off the tops of her stockings.

She directed me as I drove through the streets of the city, leading me deep into the heart of the place and finally into a parking lot behind a large, neon lit club called Paradise Lounge. As we walked round to the front door I couldn't help notice the signs and posters advertising the dancers - - each of them was like most every other woman here, slim, stacked and gorgeous. They were dressed in a variety of costumes, everything from bikinis to corsets and nurses to police uniforms.

"That's the one we're looking out for," Daphne said, pointing to a poster showing a beautiful girl with rich, auburn hair wearing white lingerie that barely contained her huge tits. Strapped to her back was a pair of white feathered wings.

"Charlene Angel," I read. "Let her take you to heaven." I grinned at Daphne. "I think I'm already here," I laughed.

"But if we don't do something about this bastard, you might not be much longer," Daphne said.

"Way to spoil the mood, Daph," I said quietly as we approached the door. "Come on, at least enjoy the place while we can."

The doorman let us in without a glance - - except at Daphne's tits - - and we walked into the darkened entrance hall, joining the queue of men and women waiting to be seated. Each of them was asked for their reservation number by the girl at the desk and I asked Daphne if she'd booked us a seat, swearing quietly when she said she hadn't.

"What are we going to do?" I whispered as we reached the head of the line.

"Hi can I have your reservation number, please?" the pretty blonde asked us. Before we could say anything, her eyes went wide as she looked at me. "Oh my, you're Alex Hazard, aren't you?"

"Yeah," I said with a grin. I leaned in close - - and yeah, I took a second to get a look down her blouse at the same time - - and whispered, "Listen, me and my girl here forgot to book ahead. You think you could see a way for us to get in?"

"Well, I really shouldn't, Mr Hazard," she said quietly. She paused for a second then grinned. "But I'm such a big fan of yours." She looked down at the reservation book, running her finger down the names and numbers. "Table 18. It's not very close to the stage but they're running late anyway," she said, taking an eraser to the pencilled in entry. "I'll get my manager to explain if and when they turn up."

"Thanks, baby," I said, putting my arm out for Daphne. She took it and we walked in through the doors to the main club floor.

The place had a stage at the front with a stripper pole running floor to ceiling and mirrors around it; the area in front of it had tables for up to four people and, around the sides, more tables in partially closed off booths. We told our table number to a waitress and she guided us to one of the booths - - we didn't have a brilliant view of the stage but we could see enough. As we sat and the waitress left us to bring us some drinks, we both looked around, wondering if we could see Damian, the man in black, but there was no sign of him.

"Ladies and gentlemen," a voice boomed from the speakers, "Please put your hands together for Crystal Shine!"

A leggy, busty blonde strutted out on to the stage wearing a severe suit, her hair tied up in a bun, round glasses on her face. By the time our drinks arrived a few minutes later, she was looking a lot less stern and wearing a darn sight fewer clothes.

"Any luck spotting Damian?" Daphne asked.

I took my eyes off the stripper and looked around the room. "No, nothing," I said.

"Well maybe if you spent less time watching the dancer we might spot him."

I looked at her, grinning. "Come on, Daph, lighten up. We're in a strip club in a world that's just set up for sex and both of us are built for one thing. Yes, I want to stop this bastard, too, but that doesn't mean I can't enjoy myself at the same time." 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to snap," she said. "I just don't want to miss our opportunity."

"Understood," I said, "but relax a little at least. Enjoy the show," I said, pointing to the dancer who was almost down to her underwear. "You've never shown any interest in me - - are you into girls?" I asked. Damn, I was feeling cocky!

"I like guys and girls," Daphne said. "I just don't get much time to enjoy this world - - Damian keeps me pretty much on a tight rein."

"Well you've slipped your reins tonight," I said, "so relax and, if our plan works, you can do whatever the hell you want from tomorrow."

"Hi there," said a young, busty girl in thigh high boots, short skirt and a halter top that jiggled with her every breath as she appeared at our table. "I'm Leanne. Would you like a dance this evening?"

I looked at Daphne. "Here's your chance to start enjoying yourself," I said. "Come on in, darling," I said to Leanne who stepped into the booth and started swaying gently to the music the stripper on stage was dancing to.

"So who am I dancing for tonight?" Leanne said looking from Daphne to me and back.

"Daphne," I said, pointing to her. Leanne wasted no time in moving across so that she was between the table and Daphne's seat, leaning down and placing her hands on the backs of her seat, her big tits moving in front of her face as she gyrated in time to the music.

"That's a great rack you've got there," Leanne said, looking down at Daphne's cleavage. "I bet your boyfriend loves playing with them."

"He's not my boyfriend," Daphne said quietly, her eyes wide as she watched Leanne dance inches from her. "And he's never played with them."

Leanne smiled, a dazzling show of perfect white teeth. Her hands moved slowly from the back of the chair and onto Daphne's shoulders.

"Would you like me to?" she asked her. When Daphne didn't say no, Leanne moved her hands further down, cupping Daphne's huge, heavy jugs, squeezing them gently. "Mmmmm, they're lovely and big," she sighed. She glanced over at me. "You don't know what you're missing," she said before turning back to Daphne, her hands full of her big tits.

Leanne continued swaying with the music, supposedly dancing, but she was obviously more interested in the contents of Daphne's dress. Glancing over her shoulder to see if anyone was watching, she hooked both her thumbs in the already low neckline of Daphne's little black dress and pulled it down until Daphne's huge, pale mounds were exposed, her small pink nipples hard and stiff.

"Ooooh, they look tasty," Leanne whispered, running her hands over Daphne's tits.

"Should you - - should you be - - doing this?" Daphne gasped quietly, writhing in her seat, her hands at her side, watching Leanne stroke her tits.

"Probably not," Leanne smiled back. "Why? Does that turn you on? Doing something naughty?"

I'd guess Leanne hit the nail on the head as Daphne moaned and thrust her tits up towards her. The dancer leaned down and licked at the top of Daphne's tits before pushing them up further so that she could suck first one nipple then the other, swapping back and forth between them.

"Oh God," Daphne sighed. "Feels good."

I smiled as I watched from the other side of the booth - - I'd only met Daphne a few times but she'd always seemed in control. Seeing her letting herself go - - and with another busty girl as well - - not only made my dick hard, it made me happy, too.

Leanne lifted her head and kissed all up Daphne's neck, slowly and gently before moving round to her mouth. They kissed, tongues sliding into each other's mouths and I watched Daphne finally move her hands, reaching up to cup Leanne's own large tits.

"That's it, baby," Leanne sighed into Daphne's mouth. "You like my big titties? You wanna suck on them?" Daphne just nodded her head, letting Leanne climb up on to her seat, straddling her as she undid her halter top, her tanned, dark jugs spilling free. Daphne quickly latched on to them, sucking hard on her nipples, moving from one to the other and back. "Yeah - - suck those titties, girl," Leanne said.

She looked over at me, her smiled growing as she noticed the very large bulge in my pants. She stroked Daphne's blonde hair, tilting her head up.

"Your 'not my boyfriend' looks to have a really big dick in his pants," she said to Daphne who turned her head to look at me. "You want to continue this with just me - - or do you want him to join in?"

Daphne seemed to think for a second before grinning at us both. "Take it out, Alex," she said. "Take it out and bring it over here."

Well I wasn't going to turn that offer down, was I?

I unzipped my trousers, reached in and - - with some difficulty, I have to admit - - pulled out my big, hard dick. I swear both of them made the same "mmmmm" sound at the same time as they looked at my cock bobbing towards them as I knelt up on the seat and moved forwards.

"Mind if I go first?" Leanne asked Daphne, bending down and sucking on the knob of my dick without waiting for permission. Me and Daphne watched as Leanne bobbed her head up and down, my dick sliding in and out of her mouth while she continued playing with Daphne's big tits. Eventually she took it out and looked up at me, licking her lips, before sitting back up and easing Daphne's head down to take her place. "Go on," she said, "suck his dick."

Daphne tilted her head on the side so she could look up at me while she opened her mouth wide and slowly took my cock between her lips. I smiled down at her as she took more and more of my shaft into her mouth before I felt the knob nudge the back of her throat - - and then keep going!

"Holy shit," Leanne whispered in admiration as we both watched Daphne deep throat me, taking my entire length down to the balls. Slowly, Daphne pulled backwards, letting my dick pop out of her mouth so she could take a deep breath. "Damn, girl," Leanne said. "That was impressive."

"You like that?" Daphne asked me.

"Fuck yeah," I said with a stupid, happy grin plastered on my face which got bigger as Leanne leaned back down, both of them running their tongues and lips all over my cock. I watched them both blow me for a few minutes before Leanne sat back up and rolled off Daphne, sitting on the wide seat. Daphne took the hint and slid off the seat, knees on the floor, ass pointing towards me.

Leanne spread her legs wide, pulling up her skirt to reveal her neatly trimmed pussy which Daphne lost no time in munching on, clamping her mouth on the moist folds and licking and sucking as energetically as she had on my dick. I'd have been jealous if she hadn't also wiggled her round ass at me at the same time, reaching behind with one hand and pulling up her short dress, giving me a great view of her firm, pale ass with a tiny g-string covering her pussy.

Hunkering down over her, cock in one hand, I used the other to pull her tiny panties aside and rub the head of my prick against her sopping wet cunt, easing forward, my knob slipping inside. We both sighed as I went deeper ever so slowly, my big dick spreading her tight, hot pussy wide as I gripped her ass cheeks with both hands.

"Yeah, fuck her, honey," Leanne said to me. "Fuck her while - - uuuhnnnn - - while she eats my pussy!"

I was happy to oblige and began stuffing my cock in and out of Daphne's tight snatch, inching more and more inside her with each thrust, Daphne moaning into Leanne's pussy as she continued tongue fucking her. After a few long, slow drives, Daphne looked over her shoulder at me - - her lips glistening with Leanne's pussy juices - - and grinned.

"Come on, Alex," she said, "fuck me - - fuck me harder! Fuck me like the pornstar you are!"

No sooner said than done - - my dick was instantly slipping in and out of her cunt, cramming her full of my fuck meat on each stroke, my hips pounding up and down as I fucked her hard and fast.

"Oh fuck - - aaahhgnnnnnn - - fucking hell!" she cried as I gave her the fucking she wanted. "Oh Jesus - - fuck me - - uuuhhnnnnnn - - fuck me!"

"Fuck her!" Leanne encouraged me, her own fingers working away at her pussy as Daphne was too distracted to tend to her. "That good, honey?" she asked Daphne.

"Uuuhhnn - - so fucking - - good," Daphne managed to groan as my cock continued working in and out of her cunt. "Fucking - - uuuhhnnnnnn - - big - - cock!" she gasped as I continued stuffing my dick inside her pussy. I felt her muscles clench as she started to cum, her pussy clamping down on my shaft as she moaned a long, drawn out groan as she came. She fell forward, resting her head on Leanne's thigh as she shook and gasped while I fucked her through her orgasm.

I could feel my balls start to tighten so - - being the gentleman that I am - - I managed to grunt "Cumming - - where do - - you want it?"

"My tits," Daphne gasped, climbing up on to the seat as I pulled my dick free. In a split second, I was straddling her waist, pointing my cock at her huge mounds which both she and Leanne cupped and held together.

With a groan of my own, I unleashed spurt after spurt of thick jizz over her huge jugs, sending clumpy ropes of spunk cascading over her tits. Not wanting to miss the opportunity, I eased my still spurting cock into her cleavage, using my own cum as lube, fucking her big tits as I came. Cum sprayed out of her tit valley, over her neck, splashing up her chin, leaving her upper chest looking like a glazed doughnut.

Leanne leaned down and noisily slurped up a mouthful of my cum before kissing Daphne, the pair of them sharing my spunk as I finally stopped cumming and collapsed back on to the seat.

"You know," Leanne said, looking down at Daphne as she scooped up my cum and fed it to her. "If he's really not your boyfriend, I'd be happy to take him off your hands."

Daphne looked over at me as she sucked my cum from the stripper's fingers and smiled.

"Maybe I will keep him around after all," she said.

Daphne and I smiled at each other.

"Well I'll leave you two alone," Leanne said, tying her halter top and heading out. "It was fun, guys, thanks."

"She's right, that was fun," Daphne said, sitting up and pulling her dress up over her still slightly cum stained tits.

"There she goes, ladies and gentlemen," the announcer said interrupting us. "Charlene Angel - - wasn't she just fantastic?"

"Shit, we missed her," I said, tucking my cock away and looking out the booth's entrance towards the stage. Sure enough, the auburn haired stripper with the big tits and fake angel wings was heading off the stage. As she did, I saw a man - - a man dressed all in black - - stand up from his table and head towards a door marked PRIVATE where a busty young girl spoke with him before she unlocked it using a key card. "There goes Damian," I said. "How are we going to get past that chick?"
