 This was my initiation.

This was my awakening.

The car wreck had jarred my memory. Things were fuzzy, unclear... but then it started to come back to me. Was it a past life or memories of this life?

There she stood across the cold stone chamber of the castle at the bottom of the stairs, there at the great banquet hall in the castle we call home. 

Anna, the mother of the coven and me. Her lips and hips were so full as she approached me from across the room. Her milky, white breasts seemed ready to spill out of her thick, green, velvet dress-lush like the verdant pastures, emerald green (like the fallen crown) in contrast to her flowing red and wavy hair.

As Anna approached she was flanked by two athletic, feline-like servants, both seemingly identical: one with short blonde hair and one with short raven hair. They were taller than most men especially in the heels they wore.

Yes, I remember now... I trained them to protect the Coven Mother... in sword, in rifle, in pistol, and in hand-to-hand combat.

Alexa-the raven-haired-wore a purple patent leather jump suit with an oversized zipper that ran down through her crotch and back up to the small of her back.

Eva-the blonde-wore a white patent leather jumpsuit with the same setup. 

Both had put their zippers down to the the fine hair just above their fine delicious and well-trimmed cunts. 

It happened in flashes. It must have been the red wine or the accident, but I was quickly regaining my vitality.

They both kneeled down before me sharing my engorged cock. There was much drool. My pants were down. Eva had put her finger in my ass and Alexa was taking me full on in her mouth. They were like two greedy, hungry cats. I could hear them purring as they were licking and slurping and caressing my cock. They seemed amazed by it. I thought I heard one say under her breath "the staff of the chosen one; it's so beautiful."

Anna stood before me amidst their writhing bodies, turkey legs, and stuffed pigs with apples in their mouths. There was a feast but the attendees were long gone. More wine flowed as did the juices of Anna's two servitors.

Anna lowered before me and took the middle between Eva and Alexa. A part of me couldn't believe it was happening, but I had earned it. Flashes of the Initiation Rite came to me now.

Yes... to die upon Emerald Flames. To be reborn. To protect the Coven by blood and by oath.

I had taken my place among them and earned my rights in this winter castle and keep. Alexa and Eva popped out Anna's huge, full, round, white breasts and each took a perfect, pink nipple in their mouth. I took Anna's red hair by the back of her head and jammed my cock in her mouth to the hilt. She took it with grace and put her hands on my hips, accepting it fully. Eva and Alexa lifted up Anna's green dress to reveal her delicious thatch of hairy red cunt-hair and both of them started to squeeze her tits and finger her magnificent lips. 

I could take no more. I grabbed Anna, turned her around and bent her over the feasting table. I pressed her cheek into the wood. Drinks spilled and Alexa and Eva ran to my side to French kiss me as I fucked Anna. My thrusting caused a candlestick to topple. The flame touched a puddle of vodka from an overturned bottle. 

We let it burn.

I thrust hard without letting up as I lost track of time. I rode waves of indescribable passion and bliss from fast to slow and slow to fast keeping tempo with some inner drum as I pounded mother's most thick, full, round and perfect white ass.

Eva stuck her index finger all the way up Anna's ass and provided long thrusts to match those of my cock. Because of the spells the witches had placed on me and the potions they had provided my cock-which already well-sized-was even bigger. I was a horse-no tonight I was a bull because of the sheer thick excitement and lust in the air. I filled my dear mother and she loved it. She loved the pain of my grip and my deep thrusts.

Her nipples began to squirt like little fountains and with each thrust her nipples would pump. This was the way of the witches; to keep it in the family to maintain power. 

They started intermittent, but then built to a constant flow. Eva and Alexa both stopped to drink. With open mouths they let Anna's milk arc right in their mouths. Anna was so aroused. She was tightening-squeezing me out. I pulled out for a moment and she unleashed a torrent of her flow. I was so turned on I rammed my cock back in and went at it even harder and faster. Again she spurted fluids and pushed me out. And again I pounded in. She squeezed me out and squirted again. She was a triple fountain with milk coming out her full, pointed nipples and an arc of liquid coming out of her sweet, little red pussy. Anna took a deep breath.

Such pleasure.

Suddenly the energy of the room shifted...

The fire roared and then calmed. The sconces on the wall flickered off for a moment, brightened and then returned to a normal flare. I turned around-very aroused. Across the way at the grand arch entrance to the great hall stood the head witch, Lady Lilly, the Grand Mistress, The Dark Lady, Queen of the Witches and mother of Anna. She was a sight. 

Sensing her presence I turned to face her. My dick was sticking straight up, erect. I had the hard-on of a teenager again. When I took sight of her and her presence I shot my seed upon the floor before her, pulsing and ejaculating shot after shot as it splattered before me. This in and of itself turned me on and again I felt a rise with no lapse. I was instantly struck with a deep, overwhelming desire for Grand Mistress. I was the beast, the Horned God of the Great Rite.

Such Power.

This was the mother of Anna who I have heard of but never seen, the Grand Mistress of the dark, grandmother of mine. She was tall and well-porportioned but her legs were strong and quite muscular like a classically trained dancer. Her buttocks were larger and full like Anna's.

Her eyes beamed with an inner fire; it was whimsical and youthful but at once authoritative and ruthless all in the same turn. She was Saturnine and Venusian, a goddess in her own right. 

She wore a long, black dress with slits up the sides to her hips. Her eyebrows were arched high and her eyes were dark and deep. Again, she was commanding, severe, and damn sexy. She emanated authority and power-even more erotic. Her breasts were full and one could see where Anna got her full, soft, white cleavage from. Her hair was long, dark and straight. She had two thin lines of grey that fell alongside either side of her face. Her face was more mature than Anna's and slightly drawn expressing her seniority. I approached her and we greeted each other. 

"Should I fear you, Grandmistress?"

"No, silly, I came her to see you, my dear boy," she touched me under the chin with her finger, "and I will watch over you."

She touched me again. "I'll also be watching you."

I smiled.

We looked into each other's eyes for a very long time. I pushed up against her with my still-hard cock and she grabbed it full on and gave it a squeeze. We embraced and kissed. I turned here around and pulled her black dress up. Her legs were strong and well-defined. I grabbed her trim waist and shoved my cock in her delicious cunt which had a bit of dark hair on either side. She moaned. I bent her over and touched my cheek to the side of her head. We regaled in each other's lust. I ripped her dress off. I kissed her cheek and neck and licked her lips and sucked on every inch of her. I wanted to engulf her and swallow her. I wanted to serve her and be nourished by her. I squeezed her tits and nipples with my fingers and thumbs. I pulled them in a milking motion. She reached back and squeezed my balls. 

I pulled out and unleashed a flood of cum down her back. Eva and Alexa were on the case. They licked and sucked all but a thick stream-glob that run down the crack of her full, white ass.

For the witches, my cum was a sacred ingredient that gave them great power and vitality-an Aqua Vitae, a Grand Elixir. I swiped a glob, reached around and put it in Grand Mum Lilly's mouth. I got down on my knees and licked the cum from the crack of her beautiful ass. I rose up, spun her around and kissed her full on.

I was hard again and I gently spread and entered Grandmistress Lilly's pink ass. It was exquisite. I pumped her as I caressed her strong thighs, her calves, the back of her knees. I grabbed her ass and pulled and squeezed the flesh of it. The intensity built up my pressure and I pulled out to cum again all over her ass. Eva and Alexa each put a hand on the length of my cock and stroked it as I came and spurted all over Grandmistress Lilly's beautiful back.

Once again we were at it. I was on top of Grandmistress Lilly on the white, furry, bear rug in front of the large mantle of the fireplace. I pumped on top of her as she wrapped her long legs around me. I held myself up at first and then I came down on top of her and put my arms under and around her. She embraced me and held my head as I nuzzled my face into her neck and cheek. She smelled so good. Her dark, embrace enveloped me and I came again in her womb as she squeezed me and held me tight with her fingers on the back of my head.

We were like the Greek gods. The laws of man did not apply to us. The rules were different for us. There, contained in the keep with its crenelated towers in the snow-covered forest we celebrated our lust, our power, our incestuous desires. Living like monsters to some; gods to others and doing things mortals thought were not possible, things that they only dreamed of.

I took Eva and Alexa; they swallowed and sucked up every last drop of my sacred seed, chasing it with wine.

But there was work to be done. In our time, there is a great awakening of power, a reckoning and their is much to be done for many covens come forward to claim power. The Preturnatural denizens of the Dark World now arise and stir. A Quickening was upon me.