 Milos Drake was and had been a wizard for the past sixty years and came from a family of wizards that had always lived in the village of Hazelwood. He was young for his age for the average life of the wizards in the village was four hundred years, give or take a few decades. Unless, like in the case of his parents, some unforeseen accident occurs like trying a new spell to transport themselves to another village. Something went wrong and they were never seen again.

That had happened twenty years earlier, and ever since, the other wizards of the village had worked on this and finally made a success of it, but though many of them travelled the length and breadth of the country, they never found the parents of Milos. So at the tender age of forty, he became an orphan and lived alone with just his inside and outside elves. As it implies, the inside elf look after everything inside of the house while the outside elf saw to the garden, vegetable patch and the upkeep of the outside of the house.

The inside elf wore an orange smock while the outside elf wore a green one. The colours never varied and they were known respectively as Quirk and Quarrel. They were aptly named for Quirk, the inside elf had the tendency to never put things back in their right places and a habit of mishearing whatever order he was given. 

Quarrel, the outside elf would nearly always pick an argument with Quirk when a specific vegetable was required. He hadn't planted them yet; they were not yet fully grown; they'd been eaten by fly pests, whatever. He was always trying to pick an argument with Quirk who had become wise to him and would ask for things like turquip beans or fantail radishes just to set him off.

In spite of the hassles those two had together, Milos was well looked after and never ever really wanted for anything, except the one thing that any young man desired, and that was the company of a female. 

Now you might say that sixty years of age was getting a bit past the time of wanting a young woman but you must realise that they lived for nearly four hundred years and so by any human standards of life, he was only just reaching his prime. 

Besides, they didn't normally marry until they were a hundred years old as a rule and even then, the village kept control over the birth rate to maintain a steady flow of growing wizards so as not to exceed the number that could be contained within the village. 

There were three other young male wizards of his age and four female ones, and when he reached the age of ninety, he was expected to start courting one of these females with the intention of marriage and continuing the life of the village.

But he had not been under any parental control for the past twenty years and so began to take liberties as far as the women folk of the village were concerned. He was a handsome man and looked quite virile and had a likeable charm about him that soon had woman falling over themselves for him. The best part for him was that he didn't have to use any magical incantations or things like that, it was just his own charm that wooed them to become like putty in his hands. 

He knew the theory of having sex with a woman but had not as such been able to get onto the practical side until he came across Lilith Buckfaster. She was a buxom girl of his own age and they had attended wizard school together as had the other three girls and boys of their age. She was one of the four girls that he would be expected to be married to when the time came, but he was too anxious to wait that long.

He found her out in one of the surrounding meadows one fine day, searching through the grass.

'Hello Lilith, what are you looking for?' he asked, walking over to where she was moving the grass about with a stick.

'I'm looking for some worzel fungus for a potion I'm making,' she replied, bending down as she looked at the ground. He could see her firm breasts inside the bodice she was wearing and felt himself start to stir at the sight.

'Well you won't find it out here,' he said, getting an idea on seeing the tops of her breasts. 'It grows on trees and I think there's some in the woods at the back of my house.'

'Okay,' she smiled at him as she straightened up. 'Let's go and find some.' 

They walked out of the meadow and into the woods near his house and he made a pretence of studying the trees and finally pointed one out that looked fairly easy to climb, well for him anyway.

'This looks a likely tree, Come on, I'll help you up,' he said as he made a stirrup of his hands for her to put her foot in. He hoisted her up so that she could catch a branch and pull herself up, giving him a good look under her skirt to see her fine thighs and the panties that she was wearing. He then climbed up and helped her higher into the tree, both of them getting covered in leaves that came off the branches. She even got a skirt caught on one and tore a hole in the front as well as ripping a button off her bodice.

He made a pretence of looking for this fungus but said no, there wasn't any on this tree, so they climbed back down to the lowest branch. Milos swung himself over and dropped to the ground.

'Come on. Just drop and I'll catch you,' he said as she sat on this branch.

'You sure?' she asked.

'Of course,' he replied opening his arms. 'Jump.' So she slipped off the branch, tearing her skirt even more as she let herself drop into his waiting arms. He caught her and staggered back with her weight and fell to the ground, pulling her down with him. They both laughed as they rolled and finished up with him lying half on top of her and he could feel her breasts against his chest.

'Look at the mess you're in,' he said as he picked pieces of twig from her hair. 'Covered in twigs and leaves,' as he began picking leaves from her neck and throat. 'You've even got some down your front,' and put his hand inside the top of her bodice, pushing some leaves down rather than picking them off with his fingers. His hand moved down over one breast and he felt the nipple under his palm. 

'I can't seem to get this one,' he said and pulled open the front of her bodice to expose her tit and picked up the leaf and showed her. 'Got it. Any more there,' he said as he ran his hand underneath this full breast, lifting it up slightly. 

'This is really a lovely breast you've got,' he said and quickly bent his head and took the nipple into his mouth and sucked on it. Her hand had come up as if to push him away but when he started to suck and nibble her teat, she gave out a groan and let her hand drop back down. 

The sound encouraged him on and he now used his hand to massage the tit that he was sucking on to bring another groan from her. He kept this up for several minutes before pulling her bodice further apart to reveal the other breast and began to suck on this one too while still massaging the other.

Again he spent several minutes sucking this before moving up slightly and kissing her on the lips as he ran his hand over and under both naked breasts. While kissing her, he let his hand moved down over her stomach and into the rent at the front of her skirt and began to stroke her inner thigh. Her arms had come up round his neck and she squirmed slightly as his hand moved ever closer to her panties. 

He clamped his lips firmly on hers as his fingers went under the edge of them and entered her sex. She couldn't cry out because his lips were tightly kissing her and after a few moments of having his fingers move about inside her, gave up any pretence of a struggle and let him continue to play with them inside her.

'This is so good Lilith,' he murmured into her mouth between kisses and she only answered him with a slight moan as his fingers worked over her clitoris. Again it was several minutes before he moved his body and pulled his hand out and quickly undid the front of his trousers and pulled out his erection. He took hold of her hand and placed it on his cock and her fingers automatically curled round it and held it tight as he put his fingers back up inside her again.

'It's big,' she murmured. 'Bigger than before.' She was talking of when she and the other girls had once watched the boys playing and swimming in the river. The boys had been naked and of course, with the water being somewhat cold, their cocks had shrunk in size. The girls had giggled at the sight of these small cocks and had said that they would have to wait until the boys became men before they got any bigger. 

But now she was holding one and knew then that they did in fact get bigger as they got older. Her hand was gently moving up and down on his shaft as his fingers continued playing with her, but Milos wanted more than just this. 

She too was now aroused and wanted more and so made no objections when he pushed her skirt further up and pulled down her panties, she lifting herself up to help with their removal. 

He could see the pubic hairs and the wet lips of her sex where his fingers had been and was now about to use his cock properly for the first time. He got between her open legs and lowered himself down and got a thrill as he felt the head of his cock touch those wet lips and gave out a sigh as it slipped in quite easily. 

He felt the resistance of her hymen and knew that she was a virgin but had no compunction about pushing further in and breaking through to fully enter her. She gave out a low cry at the sudden sharp pain but welcomed the soothing balm of feeling his cock fill her and her legs came up as she held his shoulders tight as their bodies came close together.

'It's big and I love it Milos,' she said with a purr in her voice. 'I can feel it throbbing inside me.'

'I can feel you too,' Milos gasped out at the wonderful feeling of her heat surrounding his erection inside her vagina. 'I wish we'd started doing this earlier,' he said as he began to move and fuck her.

'So do I,' she groaned, her eyes closed and a smile on her face.

So Milos fucked Lilith, having taken her virginity in the woods behind his house.

* 

Now having had one woman, Milos wanted to try another one and it wasn't many days past before the opportunity arrived. He was out in his garden inspecting what Quarrel, his outside elf, had been planting in the vegetable patch, when he saw Elspeth Teacle walking along the river back with a fishing net in her hand. 

He left the garden and went down to the river to meet her and ask what was she doing?

'I need some minnow's fins,' she replied. She was another of the four girls he went to school with and a possible future wife. Well he wanted to sample the wares before he had to make a choice.

'Let me help look with you,' he said and made a study of the river's edge as they moved along. 'Here! Here's some,' he said pointing a little way out into the river. 'Take my hand so you don't fall in,' he said holding it out which she took as she saw where the little fishes were swimming about. 

She leaned out trusting to his hand to hold her as she reached for them with the net. Milos let out a cry as his foot slipped on the bank and both of them fell into the water with a hefty splash. 

It wasn't deep as they both finished up sitting waist deep in the cold water. He had actually gone under and as he shook his head, sending water spraying out over her, she laughed and pulled a small fish out of his hair.

'I brought a net to catch the fish, you didn't need to use your hair,' and kept on laughing and he joined in and splashed some more water over her. This was up her front, really soaking her blouse and making it stick to her chest and he could clearly see the outline of her tits with the nipples really prominent from the cold water. In spite of this cold water, he felt a surge of heat in between his legs and felt his cock start to rise up at the sight.

'Come on out of the water,' he said standing and helping her up. 'We'll catch our death of cold. Let's run to my house and get dry.' He pulled her out of the river and set off at a run, dragging her along before she could think of any reason not to enter his house. Now he could have used a simple spell with his wand and made them both instantly dry but he had other ideas in getting them dry.

He pulled her through to the lounge, grabbing some towels from the kitchen as they passed through, then before she had time to protest, pulled her clothes off and began rubbing down her body. He stood behind her as he ran the towel all over her back and her lower legs before reaching round with the towel and began rubbing her front. He felt her breasts and realised that they were about the same size as that of Lilith's as he rubbed them quite vigorously before moving down and rubbing her front. 

He didn't actually go between her legs for he gave her the towel to do that as he took off his wet clothes and stood naked before her, his penis now fully erect. He picked up another towel and began rubbing his head and moved round in front so that she could see him as his head was covered. 

'Wipe me down now,' he said as he continued to rub his hair. 

He could see between flashes of the towel covering his face that she was just standing there with a towel in her hand and looking at his erection. 'What's the matter? You've seen me naked before when in the river swimming,' he said.

'I...I...didn't know it got so big,' she said.

'Well don't be too rough with it when you dry it,' he said with a smile in his voice, 'and I'll then be gentle with you.' He took the towel from his head and moved closer to her. 

'Your breasts are still wet,' he said as he began to rub them again. 'Well go on, touch it. It won't bite,' and he grabbed her hand and put it on himself. Her hand trembled a bit but she didn't let go and then began to rub it with the towel held in her other hand. 

'That's better,' he said, continuing to rub her breasts but then took the towel away and just used his hand. Massaging it now and using his palm to excite the nipple and make it rise up. 'You have lovely breasts Elspeth,' he said, now gently stroking first one then the other. 'Don't forget to wipe my balls underneath.' 

She had become mesmerised with the fact that she was holding and wiping a man's cock that she obeyed without question and gently begin to dry his balls beneath what was holding her fascinated.

'It's so hot and I can feel your pulse through it,' she said slightly awed. His hand was now with the towel, moving it between her thighs and rubbing up towards her pubic hair and she didn't really noticed when he stopped using the towel and was using his hand instead.

'Now my legs,' he commanded her and she meekly went down onto her knees and began to rub his thighs, his swaying erection just inches away from her gaze. 'Now open your mouth Elspeth.'

'Why?'

'I want to put my cock in it.'

'Milos!'

'Just open your mouth. It won't bite. You've got teeth but that hasn't, now open your mouth.' She meekly obeyed and opened her mouth and he put the head of his cock inside and her lips closed round the head. 'Now gently use your tongue round it and suck at the same time.' 

This she began to do and he closed his eyes and sighed as he felt her tongue move over the exposed head and a tremor went through his body and slowly pulled himself out. 'Now that wasn't too bad was it?' She shook her head and she nodded and stayed there on her knees and he knelt down in front of her and took her in his arms and kissed her.

From there it was easy to move them both gently down onto the carpet where he lay half on top of her as they kissed. He used his knee to get her legs open for him to roll in between and lie full length on her. 

'Open your legs wider and lift your hips a little,' he whispered between kisses and she did as she was told and then gave a gasped as she felt his cock enter her.

'Milos!' she cried as she felt him reach her hymen.

'Just a little sharp pain Elspeth and then you'll enjoy the rest,' he said as he pushed and took his second virgin. She cried out as he burst through but the pain was quickly forgotten as the heat from his prick raised her own body temperature and felt him soothingly slide all the way in till their stomachs met.

'Oh Milos,' she said as he began to move inside her as he started to fuck and her hands came up and held his still wet shoulders. She quickly loved the smooth internal massage she was getting and began to move her body in time to his and enjoyed his shafting of her and even cried out when she felt him come inside her to his short stabbing thrusts.

She gave out a cry when he pulled out, now not wanting to let go what had been one of the most pleasant sensations she had ever felt inside her body. He got up and picked up their wet things and took them into the kitchen where he draped them over the chairs and flicked his wand at them and muttered the drying incantation and they were instantly dry but he didn't tell her that when he went back into the lounge. She was still lying on the carpet and looked at him dreamily as she saw that he had wilted a little.

'Oh. I thought it stayed big all the time,' she said.

'With you lying there like that it won't take long to rise up again,' he said seeing the wanton display she was giving him with her legs wide open and her wet sex just waiting to have his cock once again put in there. 

He lay down next to her and began to stroke and kiss her breasts between kissing her on the lips. She avidly kissed him back for the next half hour as she stroked his flaccid penis while he sucked her tits.

'You could make it rise much quicker if you were to take in your mouth again,' he said lazily as if it was of no consequence.

'Really?' she said, sitting up. 'Let's try it then,' and moved down and lifted up his limp penis and took the whole thing into her mouth and began to suck and move it about inside. With her ministrations it wasn't long for it to start growing bigger and she briefly took her mouth off of him to speak. 

'It's just like magic,' she said with a chuckle as she took him back in again though only getting the head inside now. Her hand was working on him too when he said that he felt it was big enough to satisfy her and so she released him and lay back, a smile on her face and her legs wide open. He mounted and fucked her for the second time and she loved it as much as he did and cried out again when she felt him send his seed into her.

* 

Two down, two to go Milos thought but before he had a chance to tackle the two remaining village maidens, he was accosted in the street by Lilith.

'Milos,' she said rather shyly to him. 'Would you help me look for some more worzel fungus?' Well he didn't have any need to be a soothsayer to know that it wasn't worzel fungus she was after. He smiled and took her hand and walked back up through the village and past his house and into the woods. 

Once in that seclusion, she turned and kissed him fiercely and almost tore his shirt in getting it off of him. She quickly took off her blouse as he took off his trousers and her skirt dropped to the ground and he saw that she wasn't wearing any panties so he knew then that this was premeditated. 

His cock had already risen up ever since they entered the wood and now she took hold of it and rubbed it, giving out small cooing sounds as she slowly eased the foreskin back to see the shiny red flesh beneath it. He rubbed her tits and quickly pushed her down onto the grass where she opened her legs for him.

He saw she was already wet with anticipation and he fell to his knees and then across her body as he dived into the fiery heat of her body as her legs came up high and they fucked.

'Oh Milos. I've been hungering for this since that first time,' she said, hanging onto his shoulders as he reamed her, moving his hips in hard and loving the clenching spasms of her vagina trying to hold him fast as he moved.
