 The forest was dense, thick branches hid the way ahead forcing the four women to push through gaps that weren't really there as the foliage scraped and scratched them, making life very uncomfortable. "This can't be the way, there's something wrong" said Minerva from behind the leader, Carandar.

"This is the way the stone's pointing, so why don't you shut up and just keep moving" replied Carandar, making no attempt to hide the dislike for the other woman.

Undeterred, Minerva carried on. "Are you sure you're using it properly? Maybe someone else should try. Perhaps your magic is too strong and is stopping it from working properly" she replied, laying the sarcasm on thickly.

Carandar stopped abruptly and turned on Minerva. "You really do have a problem with me, don't you" she snarled, her anger barely in check. "You don't like me being leader, do you? You can't handle the fact. Well get used to it, because I'm not going anywhere and I was chosen to lead the group, and you weren't. Get over it."

"You see, it's that temper of yours that I find so distressing" countered Minerva. "I'm sure that if the council could see you as you are now, they would never have given you the leadership, they would see that you can't really handle it. You're just so angry all the time". She was purposely keeping her voice calm, like a condescending adult to a child.

"You, it's you, you make me like this!" shouted Carandar. "It's almost as if you've put a spell on me...oh no...wait, you haven't, you couldn't. Have you?"

"Moi? As if I would" Minerva replied, smiling slyly

"If you have, I'll find out...you'll be in big trouble, you're life won't be worth living...I'll..." Carandar was absolutely beside herself with rage and it took one of the other girls to step in.

"Will you two just stop. I'm tired, fed up and I ache all over, and I don't need you pair making it worse by having one of your little power struggles. Let's just keep going, we must be nearly there, wherever "there" is. Just stay off each other's backs, so we can find out what this is all about."

The speaker was Joncola, a tall, striking black lady. In fact, the one thing all four women had in common was their fantastic beauty. Minerva was a pale-skinned redhead, with deep green eyes that seemed to glow even in broad daylight. Although hidden by a large cloak today, as worn by all the women, underneath she wore her usual long, light dress that left any viewer imagining a firm body that would be a joy to behold, and she had never needed to use magic to draw men under her spell!

Carandar was more open with her assets, and what assets they were! She had shoulder-length black hair that framed a beautiful face, accentuated by thick, pouting lips that had men dreaming about what she could do with them, and dark eyes that looked almost black, that mesmerised anyone who was lucky enough to look at her face for any length of time. Her large, full breasts pushed out against the material of blouse and waistcoat, giving the impression that they couldn't wait to be released. She wore short skirts to show off her lovely muscular thighs, which she wrapped in stockings that stopped just below the hemline of the skirt to leave just a flash of firm skin. 

Joncola tended to wear skin tight short dresses to show her long legs, and the lack of any visible lines underneath the material suggested that the dress was all she wore!

The final member of the quartet was Jenna, the quiet one. The youngest of the group, she had long, blonde hair that fell halfway down her back. Beautiful blue eyes were the focus on a goddess-like face and her lithe body showed her sporting lifestyle when she wasn't practising her witchcraft, which explained why she would normally be found wearing figure-hugging sportswear of some description, indeed today she was wearing her netball kit consisting of a short pleated skirt and a small halter top that framed her perfect, pert breasts and showed her gorgeous, lightly muscled stomach, that she'd still been wearing after practise when she'd arrived at the Coven meet.

The Coven meets were supposed to happen regularly, but due to the bad feeling amongst some of the members they were few and far between. It had become like a chore to the four witches and this further added to the resentment in the group when they did meet, meaning that the atmosphere was almost unbearable and everyone was uncomfortable in each other's company. The odd thing was though, that when they had a task to perform together as ordered by the Witches Council, the body that administrated witchcraft, they worked well together and the results of the spells that they cast were powerful and lasting, a fact not unnoticed by the council. This would explain why they didn't break up the Coven for there was no doubt that they would be aware of the surrounding issues amongst the group.

Whilst meeting on this day, however, they had been half-heartedly gathering the various information and ingredients needed for the impending enchantment that was to be released onto a corrupt local politician, when suddenly a window was smashed by a rock that landed at the feet of Carandar. She picked it up as the others walked to the window to see who had thrown it, and as she did, it warmed in her hand. She then noticed some markings on the stone and looking closer saw an arrow etched into it with the word "Follow" underneath. Having seen nothing from the window, the others walked over to her.

"What is it?" asked Joncola.

"I don't know" replied Carandar "but it's got some markings on it, look." She held it so that they could all see, and as she did so, the wording changed to a picture of a car.

"Someone wants us to get in the car and drive somewhere" suggested Jenna.

"Really, d'ya think?" came Minerva's sarcastic retort.

"Shut up Minerva" Carandar said, leaving Minerva to glare at her. "Joncola, you can drive and I'll direct" she said. There was never any doubt about not going, it was almost as if they were compelled to go simply as there was some sort of magic afoot that needed investigating. "Take one of these, we don't know where things might lead us" added Carandar, as she handed out long, heavy cloaks designed to keep out all weathers. They got in the car and drove, each change of direction causing the stone to heat up in Carandar's hand alerting her to the fact. They drove on for many hours, along main roads, then onto deserted roads with no road signs and not registered on any map they had in the car. They eventually stopped trying to guess their destination and resigned themselves to a blind trip. Suddenly, on a road through a forest with large trees on either side, the stone grew so hot, that Carandar almost dropped it. Looking down, she saw the arrow pointing off to the right, and underneath a figure of a person walking. 

"Stop!" she cried and Joncola brought the car to a screeching halt. "We're on foot now, ladies" she told them and showed them the stone. They put on the cloaks, and even Minerva was secretly grateful for Carandar's foresight as the wind had picked up and dark clouds gave the atmosphere a foreboding dusk-like feel. They set off into the trees where the going was easy at first, but as the hours went by the density of the forest gradually thickened until after walking for miles and miles something had snapped to cause this standoff between Carandar and Minerva.

"Let's keep moving, I'll follow Carandar, Minerva you stay out of her way at the back behind Jen" ordered Joncola. Normally, both Carandar and Minerva might have argued about being told what to do, but tiredness and the need to find out what was in store for them stopped any more arguing, and they walked off again in their new order. It wasn't long before Minerva got bored of walking though and having a new target in front of her, she started to tease Jenna, something she enjoyed regularly when the others were out of the way, knowing that Jenna would never tell the others.

"I can still see your lovely arse, even through that cloak, Jen" she said. "Will you let me see your arse, Jen, when we get to wherever we're going?"

"Fuck off Minerva, leave me alone" Jenna responded

"Please let me see it, I want to peel off your panties and kiss your cheeks. I want to feel your lovely arse, Jen" Minerva said. Getting no response this time, she tried again. "I'll wear a strap-on, and push it into your bum-hole, Jen. Don't worry, I'll be gentle. Then when you're ready, I'll turn you over and push my tongue deep in your pussy, Jen. I'll lick you to ecstasy, Jen, and then I'll lie on top of you and let you lick my cunt while I push my fingers deep inside you and bring you off with my tongue. We'll come together Jen, I'll flood your mouth..." she didn't finish as Jenna had stopped and turned to face her, eyes ablaze, but Minerva saw that it was not all in anger.

"Oh, you quite liked that, didn't you" said Minerva, surprised. "Well, who'd have thought, quiet little Jen." She added.

Jenna turned on her heel and tramped off to catch the others, leaving Minerva to ponder what had just happened. She was interrupted from her thoughts by a shout from up ahead. She hurried on and almost ran into the others, who were standing in front of some dense foliage, but through a small gap could be seen the bricks of a wall.

"What now?" asked Joncola. "What's the stone doing?"

Carandar looked at the stone and saw that it was blank. "I think that this means we're here" she told the others, showing them the stone. "This wall must lead somewhere, so I suppose we need to find out where" she said. With that they started pulling away the branches and ivy covering the wall, working their way down it. They soon arrived at a corner and then around the corner, a window and it became obvious that they were traversing a small house. They could gain no clues from the window and carried on working their way round until they came to a door. Although there was a knocker, by now they were tired and angry and Carandar tried the door handle without bothering to knock. The door swung open and she fell inside, followed quickly by the others. The inside belied what their eyes had told them from the outside of the house as a large, spacious room opened out before them. There was a table in a kitchen area, covered in bottles with various colours of liquids in them, whilst over to one side was a large four poster bed and a comfortable looking sofa.

In the middle of the room stood a small old man dressed in crumpled, scruffy clothes, and he wasn't surprised to see them. "Ah, there you are ladies, come in, come in" he said, beckoning them inside." Shut the door, there's a good girl Jenna" he said, adding "we don't want prying eyes now do we, ha ha". It wasn't lost on the witches that he knew Jenna's name.

"Prying eyes, through that lot?" said Minerva. "I should sack your gardener, if I were you."

"Oh yes, very good, ha ha, sack the gardener, very good, ha ha... yes, it is a bit overgrown, I must do something about it... don't go out there much you see...ha ha"

The witches stood in a line in front of him. "Food, you must be hungry, you must eat" the old man said and turned towards the kitchen. Although they were all ravenous, anger got the better of them.

"We don't want your fucking food" said Minerva, menacingly

"We just want to know why we're here" added Joncola. The old man looked up at them, but said nothing.

"Answer us!" shouted Carandar. "Or do we have to make you" she added threateningly

The old man stood for a few moments contemplating the women in front of him, before muttering to himself and turning to the kitchen table "Yes, it is as bad as they said, could be hard work but never mind...ha ha, hard work never killed anyone.. now where is it, ah here it is..." He suddenly wheeled around holding a large hand pump and before the women could react, he'd sent a shower of spray over them. "Stand still" he said, and against their will, the four women stood exactly where they were. "Now take off your cloaks" he told them, and again they did as ordered even as the voices inside their heads told them not to obey.

"What have you done to us" shouted Carandar, "Why can't I move?"

"I've sprayed you with a potion. It's a bit of a mixture, but mainly it's a compliance potion. With some other things thrown in. I'm afraid it's required as you would never do as you're told otherwise, and we'll get through this much quicker if you would just do as you are told" he told them with a smile. The old man's manner had changed; he was no longer the bumbling, apologetic person that they'd met when they walked in, but now spoke with poise and authority. His physical appearance was different too, no longer an old man, but a handsome chap somewhere in his thirties. Instead of his old clothes, he now sported a long cloak covered in bright swirls and symbols. "The Council have asked me to help you to resolve the issues you have in your coven. My name is Maldrin, and as you've probably guessed by now, I'm a wizard. I have my own way of doing things, and whilst they may be unconventional, I have a one hundred percent success rate. So I'm confident that we can sort things out"

"I don't want sorting out. I'm leaving" shouted Carandar, and proceeded to stand exactly where she was.

"You can't leave, you are mine to do with as I wish for as long as I wish". This comment had all four women shouting at once even the normally subservient Jenna, venting their anger in his direction.

"I can see that you need a demonstration. Then, maybe, we can get down to business" he said, with a smile.

He walked over to where they were standing, and positioned himself in front of Joncola. Her tight white dress contrasted fabulously with her dark skin. "You have a lovely figure" he told her, and ran the fingers of his right hand over her body. Her nipples visibly hardened through the fabric of her dress, and his other hand joined in as he moved to caress and tweak them through the material. Moving away, he told her to remove her dress. She defiantly kept his eye as she grasped the hem and in one movement peeled it up her body and over her head. She stood in her full glory, naked and gorgeous. He moved his eyes over her, taking in the black pubic hair that barely hid the labia underneath. He moved his gaze to her tits, full and beautifully proportioned with dark aureoles and nipples before turning his attention to Jenna. He cast his eyes over her. "Beautiful" he muttered before motioning to Joncola and telling her to remove Jenna's clothes. Joncola moved to do his bidding.

"On second thoughts, leave her skirt on, I like that" he told her. Joncola moved behind Jenna and reached around her to free her top from under her breasts, then pulled it off over her head. She then unclasped the sports bra from behind and removed it, showing Jenna's wonderfully pert tits, her nipples hard from the experience, however unwanted the attention was. Joncola then moved her hands underneath Jenna's skirt and pulled off her knickers, Jenna lifting her legs to aid her in removing them.

"Let me see her cunt" Maldrin ordered, and Joncola moved in behind Jenna, reached around the front of her waist and lifted her skirt to reveal Jenna's pussy. She'd trimmed most of the hair away, leaving a strip running above her crease and giving any viewer an uninhibited look at her pussy. Maldrin stepped in and ran his fingers through her pussy hair, then sliding down to caress her clitoris. He rubbed this for a few seconds, then slid his fingers further down, feeling her wetness as it aided his entry inside her. She gasped as he penetrated her, and as he slid his fingers in and out of her a few more times, he commented "You like that, don't you? You're so wet". He removed his fingers from her pussy and moved them up to Joncolas' mouth. "Suck them" he said, and even though the expression on her face said no, she took them in her mouth and sucked and licked Jenna's juices from them. He removed his fingers from her mouth, and then motioned to the sofa by the bed. "While I start work on the other two, take Jenna over there and lick her. I want to her hear her moan with desire, ok?"

Unable to resist, and not really sure she wanted to anyway, Joncola led Jenna over to the sofa, where she laid her across it, then she straddled herself over her and planted her lips on Jenna's. They kissed deeply for a few seconds then Joncola moved her head down to Jenna's nipples, which she started to kiss and caress with the tip of her tongue. She then sucked them each at a time whilst her hand moved down over Jenna's stomach to find her pussy. She started rubbing her clit as Maldrin had done, and Jenna once again emitted little gasps of pleasure as her delight continued.

Leaving them to it, Maldrin turned his attention to Carandar and Minerva who had been watching the scene unfolding before them in incredulous silence. Rooted to the spot as they were, they had been able to see what Maldrin had been able to achieve with the others, and whilst they knew that they were both stronger to crack than the other the two, the ease at which Maldrin had them performing at his very whim had them both worried. Despite their fears, they met him with defiant looks.

"You'd better not try that with me" snarled Minerva, "you won't break me like that!" 

"Me either, and as leader of this group, I command you to stop!" ordered Carandar

"Oh please, spare me the big "I am" speech" Minerva sneered at her. "What can you do about it?"

"More than you, and I am the leader of the group, and you MUST STOP!" she raged at Maldrin. He just sighed.

"You still don't get it, do you? You are not in control here, I am." He took out a wand from his sleeve, walked over to Minerva and touched the tip of it to her shoulder. Her dress and underclothes all fell to the floor, leaving her standing naked. She tried to cover herself then realised the futility of the action and instead stood tall and said "Okay then, pervert, have a good look. Is that what gets you off". If she expected embarrassment or even anger, she was to be disappointed as he simply said "Thanks, don't mind if I do" and looked her up and down. Her wonderful pale breasts accentuated her light nipples, and her skin had a tightness to it that made people just want to reach out and touch it, to stroke it to check if it felt as good as it looked. Between her legs was a mound of wispy ginger hair that was so light that you could make out the folds of her pussy through it. He walked around her to check out from the rear. "Lovely arse" he commented, and putting both palms on her cheeks he rubbed and gently slapped her cheeks. "Is that nice?" he asked in her ear. Getting no response, he reached a hand around to cup her breast. "How about this?" he asked and tweaked her nipple between thumb and finger, and despite herself she let out a small gasp of pleasure. He smiled to himself and continued to walk around her, and as he did so he glanced over to the others on the sofa where Jenna was lying with her legs open wide with Joncola kneeling on the floor, her head buried between Jenna's thighs, licking her clit whilst frigging her with her fingers deep inside her pussy. Walking over to Carandar, he now turned his attention to her backside. Reaching under her skirt, he caressed her thighs, feeling their firmness before moving up to her arse. "So we come to the leader, the number one, possibly, the Alpha Male. Is that right, the Alpha Male?" he asked. "Surely if you were an Alpha Male, then by definition, there would be a cock under here. Shall I see if I can find it?" His hand moved between her legs, feeling along the fabric of her panties, moving up to her pubic mound "Hmm, nothing there" he said. "Maybe I missed it" he muttered and slid his hand back between her legs, letting his fingers hook into her panties and slide along her crack. He pushed them gently inside her all the way to the hilt, and then extracted them. "I thought so, no cock. Maybe that's the problem". He walked in front of her then gently pulled each side of her skirt and it ripped and fell apart as if made of rice paper. He did the same with her panties, leaving her exposed pussy framed by the stockings and suspender belt and looking extraordinarily sexy. "No, definitely no cock" he said again. He looked directly into her deep, dark eyes. "But we can change that" he said. With that he touched the wand tip to her nether regions, and gently drew it away. When nothing happened, he frowned and tried again. Still not getting the result he was expecting, he pulled back. "Strange" he said, then flourished his wand over Carandar's head. A shimmering fall of glitter-like light fell down on her while Maldrin observed closely. "Well, well" he said as he watched, "an anger charm. Explains things a little, don't you think?" and they both turned to Minerva, Carandar glaring at her with an expression of pure hatred. 
