 The day had finally arrived. Kaylanna was so nervous that she was shaking as Reena, Anaia, her handmaidens and her maids helped her to prepare for the handfasting. The sun had yet to rise above the horizon yet Kaylanna could feel the energies that thrummed through the castle like vibrations on the string of a lute. She and Tyreon would wed as the sun rose in the sky, as was tradition. Together they would greet a new day and a new life as man and wife.

The gown that she wore had been her mothers. It was simple yet elegant, made of ivory brocade and lace with pearls sewn in patterns along the sleeves, bodice and hem. A crown of white roses had been woven with baby's breath and greenery and held in place by a small veil of lace over her elegantly arranged hair.

The women who were gathered in her chambers fawned and fussed over her but Kaylanna was so distracted by her nervousness that she barely heard a word they said.

"Relax, Kaylanna. You look as if you are going to your funeral instead of your wedding," Anaia commented and patted her cousin on the arm. Reena was already crying as she slipped out of the chamber to go prepare the ritual space for the ceremony and the others tittered about what being wed would be like.

"I feel as if I am going to fly apart in all directions at any moment," Kaylanna said, trying to still her racing heart.

"You will feel much better once you are standing with your love at the altar. We should go on down. Everything will be fine, you will see."

The Circle was set in the outer gardens, surrounded by sweet smelling flowers and a forest of trees. Birds who were just waking chirped to the tune of a harp that one of the priestesses were playing within the ribbon marked boundary of the ritual space. Kaylanna could see the altar from the path that wound towards the garden. It was decorated with white and red flowers, symbols of purity and love. 

The guests had already gathered within the Circle, sitting in chairs made of willow and decorated with roses and ivy. A young priestess dressed in a pale blue robe stood at the entrance, ready to anoint those who entered. She smiled at the procession of women as they made their way down the winding path towards the ritual space. Kaylanna would not be allowed to enter for a long while yet and a bench had been set up on either side of the entrance for her and Tyreon to wait.

The handmaidens lined up before the priestess and waited to be permitted within. "How do you enter?" the priestess asked. "With perfect love and perfect trust," each handmaiden answered. With a thumb pressed against their third eye, the priestess anointed them with scented oil and they entered to take their places. As each one left her, Kaylanna began to feel more and more nervous.

Thankfully, Anaia did not leave her side and held her hand in reassurance. "It will be okay, you will see," Anaia told her as they set together on the bench. Kaylanna went over the ceremony in her brain, wishing she had paid more attention to her mother and hoping she didn't forget anything. The process was nerve-racking but she took in soothing deep breaths and tried to remain calm. She felt as if she might faint from the emotional onslaught emanating from around her as well. Joy and happiness from the friends and well wishers who had come to watch was obvious and made her smile, but she could also feel an underlying sadness which she supposed came from her parents, the High Priest and High Priestess. She could even feel an undertone of envy, likely from those priests and priestesses and the younger attendees who had yet to find their love.

Though it seemed like forever, it wasn't long before Darian and Tyreon made their way up the path towards the Circle. The bride and groom were not allowed to talk or touch but he gave her a shaky smile and she returned it with one of her own. That was all they needed.

Tyreon was dressed in a black tunic embroidered with silver and breeches to match. His normally unruly shoulder length hair was combed back into a sleek pony tail and he sat on the bench with his back strait and his visage calm despite his own inner nervousness. He looked quite handsome in his finery but even with his gentlemanly appearance an aire of roguishness surrounded him. Kaylanna could feel Tyreon's fear and joy as well, and was relieved to know that he was just as anxious as she. In fact, she felt less nervous for it and thought she might overflow with happiness from what was about to come.

Anaia and Darian left them both and entered the circle and it wasn't long before they could hear the ceremony beginning. The priestess at the gate motioned them forward and she anointed them both. This was it, what they had been waiting for.

Reena and Arowyn stood on a dais before the altar in the very center of the circle. Her mother called out with a voice holding the energies of the goddess, "Who enters this circle to walk the path of the moon and stand before the heavens and earth to declare her sacred vows?"

Kaylanna took a deep breath and entered the circle with all eyes upon her. "I, Kaylanna Ravenmoon, do," she stated with all the conviction she could muster though she felt as if she might freeze in place at any moment.

"And do you, Kaylanna Ravenmoon, come here this morning of your own free will, in perfect love and perfect trust to seek the blessings of the Lord and Lady?"

"I do," she said, standing straighter and feeling a bit emboldened.

Her father called out then, strong and steady as the embodiment of the god, "Who enters this circle to walk the path of the sun and stand before the heavens and earth to declare his sacred vows?"

Tyreon entered the circle beside her. "I, Tyreon Darkwolf, do."

"And do you, Tyreon Darkwolf, come here this morning of your own free will, in perfect love and perfect trust to seek the blessings of the Lord and Lady?"

"I do."

They each began their track around the Circle, Tyreon traveling clockwise and Kaylanna Widdershins. They crossed paths at the west and smiled at one another then met again where they started in the east.

"Tyreon and Kaylanna, you have walked the path of the sun and the moon. Will you now walk together through the circle of change, through seasons and elements, emotions and dreams?" Her mother asked, her green eyes misty from marrying off her only daughter.

The pair looked at each other and said together, "We will," and took each others hand. With fingers entwined they walked to the south where a priest dressed in red stood. "Will your love endure the fires of passion, both loving and angry, wanted and unwanted?" The priest asked them for all to hear.

"It will."

"Then accept the blessing of the element of fire and the season of summer. May your home and your hearts always be filled with warmth."

Together they walked to the west, where a priestess wearing a dark blue robe stood. "Will your love endure the ebb and flow of emotion, of happiness and sadness, in times of greatness and times of turmoil?"

"It will."

"Then accept the blessing of the element water and the season of autumn. May your life be filled with love and understanding."

To the north they went, neither feeling nervous any longer but simply happy. They were met there by a woman dressed in deep green. "Will your love endure the times of stillness and restriction, of sickness and separation, of times alone and apart?"

"It will."

"Then accept the blessings of the element of earth and the season of winter. May your union be strong and fruitful."

Finally they stood together at the east before the priestess in light blue that had ushered them into the circle. Softly she spoke to them, but loud enough for those gathered to hear. "Will your love endure the clear light of day and of days to come?"

"It will."

"Then accept the blessings of the element of air and the season of spring. May your life be blessed with the light of every new dawn."

To the center they went to stand before Reena and Arowyn. Kaylanna's parents smiled at the two before them, tears shimmering in their eyes. It took Reena a moment to regain her composure and when she finally did her voice was still shaky. She took their joined hands in her own and said, "Together, your love shall endure the passage of time, the trials that are to come, and the changes that life brings."

Her father bound their hands together with the handfasting cord, a rope made of red and white silk, symbolizing the virtue of love and their path being united. "With this sacred cord I bind your hands and your hearts. With hands and hearts entwined, speak you two as one your sacred vows."

Tyreon and Kaylanna faced each other, and in unison spoke the words that would bind them in the eyes of the god and goddess. "With my soul, I thee wed, with my heart I thee adore, with my body I thee worship and pledge my troth forever more. My soul to thee, my heart to thee, my body to thee, so mote it be."

"So the pledge is made and must be sealed with a kiss."

Tyreon grinned and with his unbound hand lifted Kaylanna's veil. Their lips met as man and wife and the crowd cheered for them. As the ceremony ended the sun rose bright into the morning sky and no one could think of a better way to start the day.

The festivities went on throughout the day and would continue on to the end of the week in celebration of the happy couple. A feast was laid out and gifts were given, well wishers offered their congratulations and everyone wanted to kiss the bride. It was agony for Tyreon and Kaylanna both as the celebration dragged on and seemed to hold the evening at bay. With all the guests and gatherers they couldn't find a moment alone though they desperately wanted one.

A band of minstrels played a lovely tune for the married couple to dance too and Kaylanna was very impressed that Tyreon managed not to step on her toes. In fact he was a much better dancer than she had remembered from their childhood and even though all eyes were on them, she felt as if they were all alone.

"I feel as if I might be dreaming," she told Tyreon as he swept her around the dance floor.

He dipped his head to whisper only for her ears, "If we were dreaming my love, we would be in our bedchambers and I would be making love to you."

His words caused her to blush to the tips of her pointed ears but she couldn't hold back her smile nor he his grin.

It was nearing evening when Kaylanna's handmaidens came to fetch her to her chambers. She felt quite embarrassed as all gathered watched her leave, some with romantic sighs and others with snickers. They knew what was to come soon as well as she did and it made her nervous just to think about that fact.

The handmaidens helped her undress and slip into the already heated water of her bath. Once the bath was over they rubbed her with scented oils and dressed her in a white satin nightgown. Kaylanna noticed that the garment didn't leave much to the imagination. White lace accented the low V cut neckline as well as the hem which only came down to mid thigh. The robe they offered her was sheer and practically see-through, more to draw attention to than hide the gown beneath. In all honesty, she felt more naked wearing the gown than not.

"Now milady," Laura, one of the handmaidens, said, "You mustn't be frightened. You must do what you must as a married woman, but the chamber next door has been prepared for you. Once he is done, you are free to leave as you wish."

"Why would I want to leave?"

"Good heavens, child, didn't your mother speak to you about things? Men can be brutal creatures but once he begets an heir he will likely leave you be a while. Do not worry, just endure until then."

Kaylanna was feeling thoroughly confused when the handmaidens tucked her into bed as if she was a child going to sleep. Misty eyed, they left her alone with her thoughts which were wandering in many different directions. What if she didn't enjoy it? What if it was too painful to bear? What if he just mauled her as Laura suggested? No, this was Tyreon, the man she loved, the man she had loved for as long as she could remember. But...

It wasn't long before Tyreon entered the bedchamber but she didn't notice, so deep was she in thought. He smiled to himself, watching the various expressions cross her face in the warm firelight of the room. He almost couldn't believe she was his, bound in the eyes of the world and blessed by the gods. She jumped, startled, as she realized he was there when he started walking towards the bed. "I am sorry love, I didn't mean to scare you," he told her as he came to sit beside her. He had forsaken his earlier attire for a midnight blue brocade robe that was belted at the waist and it made Kaylanna's heart skip a beat to know that he was likely nude beneath. "What were you thinking about?"

She gave a shake of her head causing a few strands of her ebony hair falling out of place. "It does not matter...just something one of the maids said." He gave her a reassuring smile and she returned it with a shaky one of her own. She felt shy and small compared to his large frame. She was almost afraid to look at him, afraid that he might vanish or that she would feel the need to flee.

"You're nervous, aren't you?" he asked softly as his fingers caressed her pale cheek and she nodded her eyes meeting his. "Did they tell you I was going to ravish you with no care for your comfort?"

"Not quite in those words...it was more along the lines of 'endure what you must and then go to the other chamber'."

Tyreon chuckled and the sound seemed to warm her, making her fears subside somewhat. "Do not worry my love, I am planning on making sure you are thoroughly pleasured for the entire night and for the rest of your life for that matter," to which she replied with a blush that lit her cheeks and made him grin.

"I have been waiting for this my whole life," Tyreon whispered only a moment before his lips found hers in an achingly slow kiss that told her everything would be alright. She melted into him, her worries seeming to slip away as he wrapped her in a warm embrace. "I love you, Lady Kaylanna Darkwolf," he told her as their lips parted. She smiled at the use of her new name and the way it sounded on his lips.

"And I love you, Tyreon, my husband."

He pulled the blankets that had been covering her away, revealing the filmy robe and sheer nightgown she wore and let out an appreciative groan. Her skin pinkend as his eyes roamed over her, taking in her delicate form, her slender waist, the curve of her hip, and the creamy flesh of her breasts. "I am only guessing that this is one of the wedding gifts..." he said, referring to the gown.

"Aye...one of Anaia's gifts actually...I believe there is a whole wardrobe full of them..."

"Remind me to thank her later," Tyreon told his wife. Desire burned in his gray eyes as they met her violet ones before he dipped his head and took her lips once more. His tongue teased against her lips and she opened to him as her arms came to slip around his neck, all fears forgotten in the moment. She moaned softly as his hand came to rest on one breast, cupping it through the thin fabric and caressing her nipple with his thumb. It seemed like such a simple touch but it sent tingles of pleasure coursing through her, caused her breath to catch in her throat and her heart to step up a pace. The pleasure gathered in a pool of need low in her stomach and continued to grow as his lips traveled down the curve of her jaw to her neck and shoulder. His deft fingers slid the lacy confection that was her robe off her shoulders and she sat up slightly as it was removed and tossed aside. 

Tyreon was in no hurry. They had a lifetime to spend together and he wanted to make this first night last. One hand rested on her hip as the other kneaded the soft globe of her breast. His lips found the hollow of her throat and his tongue flicked out against her lavender scented skin.

Kaylanna felt hot, extremely hot. Her body was like a flame dancing beneath his magic touch and she felt as if she might burn up at any moment from the building passion. She curled her fingers in his dark hair as his lips burned a path over the slope of her breasts and the fabric of her nightdress seemed to melt away as he pressed it aside, revealing more flesh for his seeking tongue.

He had moved atop her and her thighs fell apart of their own accord, creating a perfect cradle for his hips. He moaned deep in his throat as he pushed the shift down to her waist, her pert breasts thrusting proudly upwards in invitation of his lips and tongue. He couldn't refuse and dipped his head to take in one hardened nipple, lavishing it with attention until she arched beneath him, a whimper of pleasure escaping her lips. The other could not be denied and he shifted to suckle the other breast, his teeth gently grazing the sensitive bud, eliciting a gasp of excitement.

Kaylanna was tugging ineffectually at his robe now, wanting to feel his skin against hers, and he rose up on his knees between her legs to help her. It took only a second to untie the knot in the sash that held the robe closed. She watched him with wide eyes as he shrugged out of the garment and tossed it aside. He was glorious in his nudity, all muscles and fine lines. His chest was peppered with dark fine hair and a thin line drew her eyes downward to where his cock stood proudly in its arousal.

Her fear returned quickly at the site of his impressive size and she instinctively tried to press her legs together but they were met by his unyielding thighs. "It won't fit," she said trying to scoot away from him but he stopped her with a hand gripping her hip.

"It will fit," he told her, as he leaned down once more to caress her lips with his own. "And I will make sure you are ready for me," he assured her. He pulled the nightgown from her hips and down her legs then tossed it aside, leaving her fully naked for his hungry eyes. She was perfect, he thought as he found her breast with his lips again. She was shivering, either from anticipation or fear, he wasn't sure which. He made her a silent promise to bring her to the pinnacle of pleasure but it was going to be a close thing. His cock throbbed against her thigh, his body begging for release, but he mentally girded his raging desire and concentrated on her body instead. 

He murmured soft words of love against her skin as one hand slid up her inner thigh. "Relax, beloved," he told her, feeling the trembling of her legs. He splayed his fingers against the ladder of her ribs as he kissed his way down the center line of her body, finding every sensitive spot with his seeking tongue. His other hand remained on her thigh, stroking the soft skin but not venturing higher as he ached to do. He was trying to calm her, to show her he would go slowly, and that he would be gentle with her. He was rewarded for his patience by a lustful moan that seemed to vibrate through her entire being. Tyreon smiled against her stomach as she arched against him, her sex pressing against his chest as he made his way towards her most secret place. His tongue stroked the sensitive crease where her thigh met her hip as his fingers slid upwards to finally caress her sensitive woman's flesh. 

She was wet for him and it pleased him immensely that his gentle ministrations had paid of. Kaylanna was restless now, her body aching pleasantly from his touches and as his fingers found her feminine petals she gasped from the contact. "Aye love, that's it," he told her as he placed a kiss upon her mound. His fingers slid between her nether lips and teased at the pink flesh that surrounded her secret opening. Her hips rose off the bed, begging for more of his touch. "Do you like that?"

"Aye," she managed to say then moaned as one finger slid shallowly into her while his thumb rubbed the pearl of her desire.
