 This is filed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy because it's set in an alternate world. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff. And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18. 

† † † † †

My name is Alex Taylor. I had an accident and woke up in a world where I was a pornstar and every woman looked like they'd stepped out of an early 90's issue of Score magazine, including my mom and sister, both of whom were also pornstars. While they were more than eager to have sex with me, I hesitated. Trouble was, some fucker dressed in black fed me a load of lies and convinced me to leave this new world before I finally caved in and boned them both.

But now I'm back in Pornoland and things are gonna be different.

† † † † †

The pitch black hole - - the portal to God knows where - - swallowed Damian and myself as we fell into it, that son of a bitch pulling me in after him. There was a weird, momentary feeling of falling coupled with a sort of weightlessness that almost made me sick before we landed or appeared or materialised or whatever the fuck it was we did, in a shallow stream bed.

I didn't exactly take stock of my surroundings as we stood - - bare rocks leading to hills on both sides, bright sunshine and the stream that came up to our ankles was all I really took in - - as I acted on instinct.

Damian pulled out his phone and was about to start dialling his way out of wherever the hell here was when a voice called out "Daddy!" from the rocks. We both turned and saw Charlene, his daughter, still wearing her angel wings and white stockings, tottering down to where we stood. Like I said, instinct took over and with one hand I grabbed his phone while with the other I punched him in the face, sending him sprawling back into the stream. I couldn't help but laugh as I ran to the other side of the stream - - I'd been wanting to hit that bastard for some time.

As quick as I could, I brought up the address book and rang Daphne's number. She answered on the first ring.

"Where is he, you bastard? Where's Alex?" she cried.

"It's me," I said quickly. "I've got his phone. What do I do now?" I said.

"Daddy, daddy are you all right?" Charlene asked as she splashed into the shallow stream and knelt at Damian's side.

"Get the phone!" Damian yelled. "Stop him!"

"Stand by," Daphne said. "Soon as you see a portal, you fucking jump, you hear?"

"Got it." I said.

Charlene started running towards me but stripper heels are no good in a slippery stream bed and she tumbled after the first couple of steps. As her and her father started to stand up in the water, a round, black hole appeared in the ground in front of me, widening as I watched.

"Nooooooo!" Damian roared, his voice sounding deeper and louder than before. I glanced at him and - - I swear - - my jaw just dropped open. The man in black was maybe half again as tall as he had been, his clothes tearing and hanging off him in strips, muscles rippling as he glared at me. But you know what? That wasn't the weirdest thing - - even stranger was the fact his skin had gone a deep red colour, his eyes glowed yellow and two bloody great horns had sprouted from his head.

"What the fuck?" I whispered, stepping towards the portal.

"Go, then," the Damian monster said. "I will find other worlds to rule but mark me well - - I will return."

I paused and, from somewhere, found the balls to lift my hand and give him the finger.

"Fuck you and your threats," I said, and stepped into the portal.

† † † † †

"Alex? Alex, are you all right?" Daphne asked, shaking my shoulder. I looked up at her and then around the room - - I was back in Charlene's dressing room and, apart from being a little damp from that stream, was none the worse for wear.

"Shit," I said as I sat up, "you wouldn't believe what I've just seen."

"Maybe I would," Daphne said as she helped me stand up. "But you can tell me later. I think we should get out of here."

As quickly as we could, we headed back to the main room - - I couldn't help but stop and say goodbye to Siobhan who'd let us in - - before we got left the place and walked out into the city.

"Are there going to be any awkward questions to answer? I'm thinking more about Charlene Angel than Damian." I asked Daphne, pointing up at the big sign advertising the busty stripper I'd last caught a glimpse of sprawled in a stream. "Won't someone notice she's missing?"

"We should be okay," Daphne said. "This world will reconfigure itself in a couple of hours so that she won't even be remembered."

"Poor girl," I said. "Damian said something about other worlds to rule. Do you know what he was on about?"

Daphne smiled. "You and I come from different worlds, remember? Then there's this place, then there's wherever you went to with Damian just now - - stands to reason that there's others as well. I'm just glad to be rid of him."

"So what now?" I asked her as we reached my car.

"I'll still keep an eye on new arrivals here in Pornoland," Daphne said. "Help them fit in, that sort of thing. But I guess you and I go our separate ways. We only really got together to take down Damian and now that's done - - well, you've got your pornstar career to keep up."

"Shame," I said. "I kinda liked having someone normal to talk to," I said.

"But Alex, everyone here's normal when they look like this," Daphne said, smoothing her already tight dress over her curves, accentuating her huge tits and round ass. She laughed, leaned forward and kissed me. "Go be a pornstar, Alex. See you around."

And with that, she walked away.

† † † † †

A couple of days later, I stepped into a bedroom holding Sarenna Fey - - this glorious, fucked up world's version of my all time favourite big boob model - - by the hand, leading her towards the bed. Her long blonde hair was tied up in a bun on top of her head as she smiled at me, her lovely blue grey eyes sparkling as she looked around the room. While I wore T-shirt and shorts, she was covered almost head to toe in a long raincoat.

"Are you sure your mother won't mind us using her room?" she asked me in her perfect, clipped English accent.

"I'm sure of it," I said, standing next to the bed and pulling my T-shirt over my head.

"You know the last time we were meant to get together, you fell, hit your head and ended up in hospital. That's not going to happen again, is it?" Sarenna asked.

"Definitely not," I said. "Now why don't you take off that coat and show me what you've got?"

Sarenna smiled and slowly unbuttoned the coat, holding it closed until the last button was undone. When she was ready, she opened it and dropped it to the floor, standing there in white, thigh high stockings and a basque that cinched in her tiny waist and which struggled to contain her huge, round, perfect tits. Below the basque was a small patch of trimmed blonde hair above her otherwise shaved pussy.

"You like?" she asked, putting her lace glove covered hands on her hips and wiggling her shoulders a little, making her big jugs shake from side to side.

"God, Sarenna, you're amazing," I said and I meant it.

She smiled and licked her lips. "So you've seen mine," she said before looking pointedly at my crotch. "So why don't you show me yours?"

I slowly unbuttoned my jeans before undoing the zip, pulling the sides apart so I could reach in and - - with no little difficulty - - pulled my big, half hard cock free.

"Oh my," Sarenna said, a big smile on her face. "That's really big."

She climbed on to the bed on all fours and crawled over to me, her huge tits almost spilling out of her basque. Looking up at me, she stuck out her tongue and ran it around the bulbous knob of my prick, coating the big head in a layer of spit. Needless to say, my half hard cock became a completely hard cock in seconds, especially when she slipped the head into her mouth and started noisily sucking and slurping at it.

"Fuck, that feels good," I said, watching Sarenna slowly work more and more of my dick into her mouth. She'd got about a third of my shaft between her lips before she coughed and gagged a little, reaching her limit, settling for bobbing her head back and fore along my cock, reaching up with one hand and jerking on the rest of it. Back in the Old World, I'd fantasised about this more times than I could say and here I was, being blown by this wonderful world's version of one of - - if not the - - best big boob model ever.

"God, Alex," she said in her sexy English accent, looking up at me as she rubbed my cock over her face. "It's so bloody big." She took one last lick at it and asked "Would you like to fuck my tits?"

If he hadn't already, the old Alex would have shot his load upon hearing those words. As it was, a long stream of pre-cum ran from the head of my cock and was smeared over its length by Sarenna's hand. She giggled and changed position, sitting on the edge of the bed facing me as she pushed the straps of her basque down over her shoulders, pulling her arms free before slowly pushing the cups of her basque down, revealing her huge, perfect, round tits.

I groaned as I finally saw them in the flesh and couldn't help bending down, cupping them both in my hands, feeling their weight, rubbing my thumbs over her stiff nipples before sucking and nibbling on them both. Not wanting to wait any longer, I stood and pushed my dick forward as Sarenna held her tits apart before wrapping her massive mounds around my meat. While she held them still, I rocked my hips, tit fucking her, the head of my cock nudging her chin until she looked down and sucked on the end of it each time it slid out of her deep cleavage.

Part of me - - my dick, mostly - - would have happily fucked her tits until I came all over them but eventually Sarenna looked up at me again, a big smile on her face.

"Would you fuck me now, Alex?" she asked in that sexy English accent of hers. "Would you take this big dick of yours and stuff it up my pussy?" As she asked, she let my dick go and laid back on the bed, spreading her legs, reaching down to spread the moist lips of her pussy.

I hunkered down and aimed the throbbing head of my cock at her twat, inching inside, watching her slick lips part around my thickness. I took hold of the back of her knees holding her legs up and spreading them wide as more of my cock slipped inside her pussy. We both sighed as about half of my cock slipped into her cunt and she reached up to take hold of both her huge tits, cupping and groping them as I started to fuck her, sliding more of my cock inside her with each forward thrust.

"Oh my God - - oh my God - - you're so big," she gasped.

"Yes he isn't, isn't he?" my mother said from the doorway where she and my sister Chelsea stood watching, both of them wearing long coats. "You were meant to wait for us, Sarenna," she said, walking over to us, one either side of me.

"I'm - - uuhhnnnnnnn - - sorry," she groaned as I continued fucking her. "I just - - uuuhhhhh - - couldn't resist,"

"We know that feeling," Chelsea said.

"So I guess we'll just have to join in now," my mom said. Both of them undid their coats and dropped them to the floor, revealing outfits - - basque, stockings and lace gloves - - that matched Sarenna's, moms in black, Chelsea's in green. I kissed both of them - - still fucking Sarenna - - before they climbed on to the bed and kissed her together, tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths.

Slowly, my mom and sister moved from kissing Sarenna down to her huge tits, the pair of them taking one each and sucking, nibbling and gently biting at her stiff nipples. Not to be left out, Sarenna reached out with both hands, sliding them down over my mom's and Chelsea's backs, groping at their asses for a second or two before slipping a couple of fingers into their sopping wet pussies.

The four of us fucked like that for a while before my mom moved even lower, her head resting on Sarenna's belly as she looked up at me, licking her lips.

"Let me taste her pussy, baby," she said to me. "Let me taste her on your cock."

I eased my cock out of Sarenna's pussy - - making her moan in disappointment - - and let my mom suck and lick at it for a moment before sliding it back inside her twat, only to repeat the move after a few thrusts, going from Sarenna's pussy to my mom's mouth and back.

"Oh God - - fuck me - - fuck me, Alex," Sarenna gasped as Chelsea moved back up and kissed her. "Fuck my slutty pussy!" My mom rubbed gently at Sarenna's clit as I continued pounding my cock in and out of her, feeling her twat getting wetter as it clutched at me. "Bloody hell - - oh bloody hell - - going to - - aahhhnnnnnn - - cum!" Sarenna gasped as she came, her body shaking, her pussy grasping at my cock as her orgasm raced through her.

I pulled my cock free and let mom suck on it as Sarenna recovered.

"My turn," my mom said looking up at me. Chelsea moved aside as mom straddled Sarenna, moving into a classic sixty-nine, letting me quickly move round to her rear where Chelsea was waiting, holding mom's ass cheeks apart. Before she let me fuck mom, though, Chelsea swallowed most of my cock in one move, Sarenna watching from below.

"Ooooh, that's so naughty," Sarenna said. "Mmmmm, suck your brother's dick, Chelsea," she urged as my sister did just that.

"You think that's naughty," Chelsea said, "watch this."

She pulled my forward by my cock, slotting my big knob head between our mother's pussy lips, allowing me to ease forward, my dick going further and further into her twat.

"Uuuhhhhh, fuck," my mother sighed, pushing back against me, forcing more of my cock into her. "Fuck, Alex - - I love you fucking me," she groaned before dipping her head and lapping away at Sarenna's well fucked pussy.

"Fuck her, Alex," Chelsea said, holding her cheeks apart and watching my dick slide back and fore. "Fuck mom's cunt!"

I felt Sarenna's tongue licking at my balls as they hung in front of her as I fucked my mother with long, slow strokes, going almost balls deep with every lunge. Chelsea still held mom's ass, watching intently as my dick slid in and out of mom's pussy - - every now and then, I'd pull it free and offer it to her or Sarenna to lick and suck, letting them get a taste of mom's pussy juices.

Mom lifted her head up from Sarenna's twat and groaned as I fucked her harder and faster. "Uughhhnnnn fuck - - fucking - - uhnnnnn - - cumming!" she cried, shuddering as she came, her pussy grabbing hold of my cock as her muscles spasmed around it. As she fell forward, my dick sprang free and Chelsea quickly slurped it into her mouth before looking up at me and smiling.

"My turn, big brother?" she asked.

I moved over and fell on to my back on the bed, Chelsea wasting no time in clambering on top of me, reaching down and feeding my hard on into her pussy.

"Oooohhhhhh fuck - - fuck that feels good," she sighed as she lowered herself down on to my cock. I reached up and took hold of her huge tits as they started to swing gently in time with her rocking her pussy up and down my length. "Love your big cock, Alex," she said, leaning down to kiss me.

Beside us, mom and Sarenna untangled themselves and took up position either side of us, mom holding her massive mounds up so that Chelsea could suck on her nipples, Sarenna offering me her big tits.

"You like this, Alex?" my mom asked me. "Three big titted sluts for you to play with?"

I managed to laugh around the mouthful of tit I had, Chelsea's tight cunt still sliding up and down my cock as she moaned and sighed around our mother's tits.

"I think he likes it just fine," Sarenna said, moving back and fore, dragging her round tits across my face.

I wouldn't have disagreed with her even if I could - - this was fucking perfect as far as I was concerned!

"Uhhhh - - fuck me, Alex," Chelsea managed to gasp. "Fuck me - - aahhannnnn - - fuck my pussy!"

"Do it, Alex," our mother said. "Fuck your sister - - fuck her!"

I grabbed Chelsea's ass, holding her still as I started to jackhammer my cock in and out of her twat hard and fast, stuffing my whole length up her pussy over and over.

"Oh fuck - - oh Jesus fuck - - aahhhhnnnmmmm - - yeah - - yeah - - fuck me!" Chelsea groaned, letting go of our mom's tits, bracing her hands on my chest as I fucked her. I could feel her start to shake, her pussy tightening around my shaft as her orgasm built up and up until it crashed over her. "Aahhnnnnnn - - fuck - - cumming!" she cried as she came on my dick, riding me through her cum, our mother running her hands over her back.

Slowly, as her orgasm passed, I slowed my thrusts, allowing her to fall sideways towards our mother, my dick popping free of her pussy. Sarenna instantly swooped down and sucked on it, taking as much into her mouth as she could. She slurped on it for a moment before looking back up at me.

"You know what, Alex?" she asked. "I'd love to see you stuff this up your mother's arse."

"What do you say, mom?" I asked her. "Up for a little anal?"

My mother laughed. "I'm not sure I could ever have just a little anal with that big fuck stick," she said. Thankfully, she wasn't saying no. Instead she climbed on to me, facing away from me, spreading her legs wide as she edged her ass towards my dick.

"Want to help my son get that big fucking cock of his up my ass?" my mom asked Sarenna who gave my knob one last, long kiss before aiming it between my mom's cheeks. There was a bit of resistance as my knob head pushed up against the tight ring of muscle before - - with a groan from me and a sigh from mom - - it popped inside. Mom gasped as she moved further down, her ass enveloping more of my dick as I gently pushed upwards.

"Oh bloody hell, that's hot," Sarenna said, watching as more and more of my dick slid up into my mom's asshole.

"Aaahhhh yeah - - yeah, that's it, baby - - fuck Mommy's ass," my mom sighed as I started moving my hips, inch after inch of my thick cock sliding in and out of her butt. "Fuck yeah - - uuhhnnnn - - give it to me - - mmmmmmm - - get it all up there!"

I grabbed her ass cheeks, lifting her up slightly to allow myself a better angle with which to fuck her ass deeper, stuffing my whole length right up her asshole over and over.

"God that looks so good," Sarenna said.

Mom reached down and grabbed a handful of Sarenna's blonde locks, pulling her in close to us, at the same time, twisting up and away, allowing my dick to slide free of her ass.

"Taste it, you slut," she said, knowing how Sarenna liked to be dominated. "Taste my ass on my son's cock."

To her credit, Sarenna didn't hesitate - - she grabbed the base of my prick, held it upright, and crammed as much of it into her mouth as she could, mmmming in pleasure as she went ass to mouth.

Chelsea appeared at her side a second later and - - after a little whining from her - - Sarenna took her mouth off my cock and offered it to her. My sister eagerly licked it from the base to the head before taking as much of my shaft into her mouth as she could, Sarenna licking and stroking what she left free.

"Put it back in my ass," mom demanded and between them they held my cock steady, letting mom slide her tight asshole back down my shaft. "Uuuhhhnnnn fuck - - feels so good," mom sighed as her ass stretched wide to accommodate my dick while at the same time Chelsea leaned in and ate her pussy. After a few minutes of butt fucking, Sarenna was obviously feeling left out.

"Let me taste it again," she said, grabbing the root of my cock and pulling it out of mom's ass, plunging her mouth over it. Chelsea joined in, the pair of them almost fighting to get my dick in their mouths. This time mom slid off me and turned around, grabbing my cock from them and sucking most of it down her throat in one move.

