 The sea seem to calm his troubled mind, the caressing sounds of the water slipping in and out from shore soothed away Jason troubled thoughts. Lying on the sandy beach, eyes closed and hands resting behind his head, he could feel the cool water touch his feet briefly and then make its escape back to the sea. As the water touched him, a fluttering image of a beautiful woman, whose beauty compared to none, flashed in his minds' eye. As the water slipped away from underneath his feet, so did the image of the woman. The teasing thought was just enough for him to feel that undeniable urge of passion. His manly cravings of desire started to flood his mind and body. As intimate thoughts of lust swarmed his head the water flowed under his feet sending a chilling shock of wetness to his heated state. 

"If only there was a woman like that." He said out loud thinking of nothing but unbridled passion that he would savor with her. With another passing of the water under him, he heard, very near, the soft voice of a woman singing strange words. He quickly opened his eyes immediately sitting up to take note of who was there, for he thought he was alone. Emerging from the water before him, a woman started to form while her voice rang out clear as the ocean breeze a song of seduction. He could not understand the words she spoke but could feel their power run through him like a fire surging out of control. Her shape, formed of the clear ocean water, was being born right before his eyes. First her head, then her rounded slender shoulders and then her fully firm breast took shape. He watched marveling as the woman sung a soothing song and appeared before his eyes. He blinked several times wondering if what he saw was real but the watery woman form grew in shape, taking on more of a sensual form as she approached where he laid. Slowly her water body took on appearance of clothing; a white dress wet clinging to her body, nicely displaying her beautifully formed physique. Her long dark hair dried almost instantly and whisked up off her shoulders as the cool ocean breeze twirled around her. 

He sat there in awe, trying hard to comprehend her. His mind was lost to amazement while his body reacted to her song of enchantment. The flames of seduction started to consume him, and he licked his lips feverishly longing for her touch. 

Before he knew it she stood right before him, in full form, dress wet and revealing looking down at him. Her alluring ocean blue eyes sparkled with a desire he knew reflected in his own. He swallowed hard looking up her yearning to explore every part of her body.

"You wished for a sensuous woman?" She asked him as she ran her long graceful fingers from her stomach up over her breast to stretch them high above her body. He nearly cummed as he had full view of her harden nipples pressed against her wet dress.

"Yes... Yes..." He stammered out. 

She smiled down at him saying, "And here I am for your pleasure. What would you like me to do, Master?" 

She did not wait to be told, Jason couldn't even think as fast as she reacted, she fell to her knees and as the tide rose up his legs so did her delicate soft hands. Within a second, his pants were off revealing the hardness of his manhood. The ocean slipped out from underneath him but her watery form pressed firmly against his legs. "Lay back and enjoy." She smiled. He obeyed feeling her nipples press into his legs as her tongue wrapped around his cock. 

"Oooohhhh..." he moaned. Twirling, sucking and bobbing up and down. "Ooooohhhh my god." He exclaimed moving his hips to her rhythm. Her slender body fit ever so nicely between his thighs. Faster she went the harder it became to not just release. The smoothness of her shoulders grazed the inside of his legs tantalizing the most sensitive parts. Jason grabbed her sweet hair forcing her down even harder, the helmet of his cock hitting the back of her throat. She never let up grabbing onto his hips pulling him into her. His body moved in the sand and with each movement his grunting became deep. She sucked, twirled her tongue, and thrust her body into his... suck, twirl, thrust... Harder, faster, more... 

Jason was sitting up now holding firmly to her hair fucking her mouth violently. She never stopped, never showed sign of discomfort, and never let up. "Oooohhhh my god. Ohhhh my god." He said as the sea slipped out from underneath him one last time. As the ocean receded back where it came from she vanished and his body reacted to the cool air hitting the tenderest parts. Cum shot up hitting him across his bare chest, hot and sticky and with each twitch of his cock more spewed out. 

Panting hard, he tried to calm himself. "Oh my god." He said one last time looking down at his hand filled with her long dark hair. He looked out to the ocean and there on the high tide she stood.

"Next time I will tease you even more." She said with a smile she turned back to the ocean where she came.