 The following morning, the introduction ceremony for Leora Dawn Heartsong was performed. The child was only a week old but she looked on with wide blue eyes as she was shown to Goddess and God and all of nature. The child was passed around the circle, to each priest and priestess and all the well wishers, and each whispered their wishes for her in her tiny little ear. When she came to Kaylanna and she whispered, "I pray you find true love," the child cooed happily. When she was passed on to the next person and then the next she began to cry until she found the arms of Tyreon at which point she comforted herself by snuggling against him. Tyreon chuckled softly and whispered to her the same words that Kaylanna had, "I wish you find true love." He caught Kaylanna's eyes from across the circle and smiled to her before passing the child on into the loving arms of her mother. He had yet to speak with Kaylanna this early spring morning as she was a large part of the preparations. He was planning on speaking with her parents shortly about the handfasting. Though he knew they would grant him permission without a second thought, he was nervous and hoped that Kaylanna would be by his side when he asked.

Reena, Kaylanna's mother, was closing the circle, thanking God and Goddess and all the spirits and attendees for coming. "Blessed be!" she exclaimed and the others echoed with the same joyful tone, "Blessed be!"

As the circle dispersed, Tyreon made his way over to Kaylanna and she smiled shyly at him, lowering her gaze as the feelings of love and lust began to stir in her stomach at the simple sight of him.

"Hello, my love," he said for her ears only and bent to kiss her cheek. Instead, she turned her head and her lips touched his, standing in the middle of the ritual space, for everyone to see. He didn't care, not one bit, that everyone stopped to watch and cheer as her arm slid up around his neck and he held her in a tight embrace. It wasn't a long kiss, but it was long enough to let everyone know that Kaylanna now belonged to Tyreon.

"Well," came a familiar feminine voice from behind them and they let each other go, both looking a bit chagrined. "What have you to say for yourselves?"

"Reena...would you mind ever so much if I were to handfast with your daughter?"

The bright smile that lit up Reena's face was blinding. "It is about time you got around to it. I want some grandkids to spoil. You know, I always had a feeling the two of you would wed."

"What's going on?" Arowyn asked as he approached his wife and leaned over to kiss her on the cheek. Reena smiled up at him. "It appears we are going to have two things to celebrate today. Tyreon and Kaylanna are going to be handfasted."

"Oh?" Arowyn asked, raising a single eyebrow in Tyreon's direction with a fatherly look that said 'she's still my little girl'.

"With your permission, of course, milord. I would wish your blessing on this."

"And if I didn't give you my blessing?" he asked, causing identical shocked expressions to mar the faces of Reena and Kaylanna as well as a series of gasps and guffaws from the surrounding crowd who had stopped to watch the goingons.

Without a second thought, Tyreon replied, "I would steal her away to my lands and wed her anyways."

Arowyn laughed heartily and clasped Tyreon on the shoulder. "Well said, my boy. Aye, you can handfast with her...but if you ever hurt her in any way, I will see your head on a pike in the courtyard."

Tyreon had no doubt that he meant what he said but smiled none the less. All his dreams seemed to be coming true within a short span of time, things that he thought would never happen.

Kaylanna smiled at her mother and father then gazed up at Tyreon, happiness shining brightly on her face. "When shall we be wed, my love?"

"By the next full moon," chimed in Darian from somewhere nearby. "I swore to the gods you would be!" He felt proud of himself for playing matchmaker and now both his best friend and his sister were taken care of. Two birds with one stone, he thought to himself, to be more precise, a wolf and a raven.

"That is just three days away, Kaylanna...what say you?" Tyreon asked, his arm wrapped about her waist and holding her close to his side.

To his surprise, her answer was, "Aye, I think I can wait that long," which caused all to fall into a merry fit of laughter that was followed by a grand feast, celebrating both a child destined for love and a pair who had already found it.

Kaylanna had retired to the library after many hours of enjoying the grand banquet, dancing and revelry. The sun was sinking quickly beyond the horizon and she needed to wind down after all the excitement before going to bed, else she would end up staying up all night as she had the night before. After thinking about it, she decided if things like what happened the night before could happen every night, she might just end up staying awake for the rest of her life. Sighing softly with a smile on her face, she opened one of her favorite books and leaned back into a plush armchair. After several pages, she began to drift to sleep without even realizing it.

Soon after, she was dreaming. It was a wonderful dream; warm arms were wrapped around her, carrying her light as a feather. A kiss was placed upon her forehead and she snuggled closer to the heat, wanting more.

Tyreon smiled to himself as, even in her sleep, she wanted closer. He had come to the library expecting to find some more information on handfasting ceremonies. Instead, he had found a sleeping beauty that was in need of a bed. He thought for a few moments about taking her to his own chambers and holding her close throughout the night, but he quickly dashed the thought and resigned himself to taking her to her own bed. Most of the household and revelers had dispersed to their placed within the castle and villages so he would not be question as to why he was carrying Kaylanna into her chambers at such a late hour. Even if they did question him, he wouldn't care. He was just happier than he had ever been in his life.

He managed to open the door with the toe of his boot. The room was pleasantly warm, a fire having been lit in the fireplace by one of Kaylanna's handmaidens, and the bed had been turned down in anticipation of her rest. He placed her gently in her bed and pulled the slippers from her feet. She whispered something unintelligible in her slumber and he smiled. Tyreon took a moment to simply look at her, from head to toe. Even in her sleep she was perfect. Her dark hair fanned out against the white linen of the pillows and one slender hand rested near her cheek. He tenderly caressed her cheek and neck with the tips of his fingers. He sighed softly, realizing that she would likely be uncomfortable wearing her day gown, but was reluctant to wake her up. After a few moments, he said softly, "Kaylanna, my love, you need to wake up and change into a night rail."

In her dreams, she could feel the gentle stroking of his fingers against her skin. To her it felt like a heated caress. Her nipples hardened and her breathing began to come quicker. Tyreon could see the change in her nearly as soon as it happened and it caused his manhood to tighten in response. He ignored it as much as was possible. "Kaylanna, please, dear heart, wake up."

"Aye, Tyreon," came her whispered reply though she didn't open her eyes. "Will you kiss me again?"

This caught him off guard and even though he knew she was still dreaming he leaned down and kissed her lips, softly, sweetly. Even in her sleep, she was kissing him back, her arms moving to wrap around his neck as he sat next to her on the bed. The kiss became more urgent and Tyreon could not help the path his fingers took to rest upon her ribs below her breast.

After a few moments, Kaylanna's waking thoughts began to stir. This is not a dream, her mind whispered, it is real, he is real. Her eyes fluttered open slowly to find him there and she pulled away from him reluctantly, blushing brightly to the tips of her pointed ears. There was an ache deep between her thighs and a stirring in her belly that made her want to continue kissing him, but she knew she should not. "Tyreon..." she breathed, not knowing what to say.

"Tis alright my love...," he said to her, looking a bit guilty. "I just wanted to wake you so you could change into a night rail," he explained. "It would certainly be more comfortable than the gown you are wearing."

The gown certainly did feel constricting at the moment. She would much rather be out of it than not and the thought made her blush even more with these new lustful feelings. She had dreamed many nights of how Tyreon might make love to her, but with such little experience she could only make things up. He had held her and kissed her in her dream world...anything beyond that was pure imagination.

Her emotions were emanating from her, and though Tyreon was not empathic like the majority of her family, he could feel her discomfort. "I am sorry love...I should go so you can change and rest." He bent to kiss her goodnight but it lasted far longer than he intended. It wasn't really his fault that he couldn't resist. Not when Kaylanna wrapped her arms so sweetly around his neck and held him there, not when she sighed against his lips in utter surrender, and not when she let out a soft moan as he slid his tongue between her lips to play with hers. Before he knew what he was doing, Tyreon was lying down beside her on the bed, his fingers unlacing the pretty lavender bodice of her gown and she was urging him on.

Tyreon left her lips to kiss her neck and shoulder as the bodice gave way beneath his deft fingers, followed quickly by the skirt. Soon the whole gown fell away revealing a filmy, lavender chemise that caused him to groan with want. He returned to her lips, devouring them in a passionate, all consuming kiss that made him feel as if he would spontaneously combust.

Kaylanna curled her fingers in his dark hair. She was restless, her body moving of its own accord as his fingers began to dance over her silk covered skin. His hands roved over her ribs and hips and then one slid to rest on her stomach. When his lips finally left hers, she moaned softly from the loss, but then he was kissing the tops of her rounded breasts, his tongue flicking out to taste her pale skin. When his lips covered a cloth covered pink nipple, she gasped from the shock of pleasure, her back arching upwards causing her breast to slide further into his mouth.

One hand slid up to cup her other breast, his thumb smoothing back and forth over the taut bud in a feather light caress.

"Tyreon..." She moaned his name and it brought him abruptly back to his senses. What was he doing? Certainly, they were to be wed, but he could not deflower her as of yet. As a lady of rank, it would be expected for her virginal blood to spill upon their sheets on their first night as man and wife. If there was none, there would be gossip and she would suffer for it. He groaned again, this time in frustration as he let her breast fall from his lips.

"I must go my love; else I will ravish you this night." He tried not to look at her. He was afraid that if he did he would be unable to tear himself away. Instead, he started to stand.

She grabbed his arm, causing him to pause, and he did look at her then despite his better judgment. She was beautiful, with her raven hair tousled and her lips pouting and full from his kisses. Her eyes spoke of secret pleasures he had yet to dream of and it almost undid him.

"Love...Tis for the best."

"You make me ache for you, Tyreon..." she said softly, blushing even as she did so, though she didn't take her gaze from him.

His manhood throbbed painfully in his breeches, but he mentally girded his desire. It was going to be a hard night, he thought as he caressed her cheek. "I will take away that ache, my love..." His voice was rough with need as he leaned down once more and kissed her lips again softly. "I will take away that ache but nothing more."

Then his hand was caressing her leg as his lips ventured down to her neck. He placed an open mouthed kiss on her throat and his tongue felt wonderful against her skin. Her hands gripped his hair once more, afraid he would flee and leave her with this urgent need that had to be satisfied.

Again, his lips sought her breast and closed around her nipple. He could suckle there for a lifetime, he thought, as his fingers ventured up the inside of her leg. Of their own accord, her thighs fell apart, giving him access to her most secret of places. His fingers slid further upwards, barely grazing her feminine petals, and she cried out with the jolt of pleasure that was suddenly sent through her.

She was wet and ready for him and he groaned as he dipped his fingers between her female lips. He teased her for a moment before he brushed against her hardened bud. He started to stroke her and was rewarded with her fervent pleas, begging him to continue and then to stop and then to continue again.

Her hips were moving beneath his seeking hand and she wasn't sure if she was floating or falling. Kaylanna began to tremble from her built up desire and when his mouth left her breast she begged for more. He simply slid down her body and pushed her chemise up to her waist, leaving her exposed and vulnerable, but she didn't care.

Tyreon raised her legs and placed them on his shoulders and when she asked what he was doing, innocence tingeing her voice, he simply said, "Curing your ache, milove." His tongue found her female opening and she cried out, her hips bucking from this new assault on her senses, but he held her down with one arm draped across her stomach and lapped at her juices, believing it to be the sweetest thing he had ever tasted. He worshipped her with his tongue and finally closed his lips over her bud. He sucked on it, his tongue circling it over and over again as one finger slid into her opening. Gods, but she was tight, fitting his finger like a well made glove. He had barely pressed in up to his second knuckle when he felt her barrier and so he stopped and worked it out and then back in again, careful not to breech her maidenhead.

"Please...oh please, Tyreon...I can't...." she chanted incoherently as her body was awash with pleasure.

He lifted his head only long enough to say, "Yes you can, my love...reach for it...I will give it to you." His tongue went quickly back to work, finding all her most sensitive places before his lips clamped down once more on her bud.

The orgasm rushed through her with such unexpected pleasure that she cried out his name over and over again, unable to contain her joy. Her back arched off the bed as one wave of pleasure after another crashed over her, threatening to drown her in perfect bliss. Tyreon knew it the moment she came as a gush of fresh liquid heat spurted from her body. He had seen such a wondrous phenomenon only once before and he smiled to himself knowing she had enjoyed this new experience thoroughly. He continued to lap at her, savoring her flavor, as she slowly floated down from the heavens.

When her last tremor abated, he lifted his head and slid up her body. Kaylanna's eyes were closed, her lips open slightly, her breath coming in short pants. "Is the ache gone now, my love?" He asked softly as one hand caressed her cheek. "Aye," she answered, opening her eyes. They were darker than normal, bright purple with a silver rim around the iris and he smiled, knowing it was her elven heritage coming through, and then frowned slightly.

"What is it?" She asked, wondering for a moment if she had did something wrong.

"Tis your eyes my love..."

"What about them?" She asked and then it suddenly occurred to her. "Oh..."

"Aye, they will give us away if they do not change back before breakfast."

"I am not sure that they will...the effects of...of what we just did...could last for days, or so I have been told. Maybe no one will notice."

Tyreon laughed softly, laying down beside her and pulling her to him. "Oh, they will notice, my love. Such beautiful eyes could not get by without being seen."

Kaylanna blushed brightly and reached down to straiten her chemise. "I could tell my maid that I am sick and wish to stay in my chambers today. Otherwise, my mother will believe I lost my maidenhead and she will be angry, even if it is to my husband to be."

"Aye," he agreed then, without warning, reached into his breeches and readjusted himself. He was becoming quite uncomfortable, and after what they had just shared, he didn't think she would mind.

She blushed brightly as she realized what he had done but what she said was unexpected. "Do you ache as I did, milove?"

"Aye, but I can wai..." His voice trailed off into a gasp as her fingers caressed him through his breeches. "Gods, what are you doing to me?" He asked in painful pleasure as his arousal was fully renewed.

Feeling extremely embarrassed, she withdrew her hand. "I am sorry, love...I shouldn't have...I mean, I thought maybe..." Tyreon silenced her ramblings with a passionate kiss that left them both wanting more.

"I want you so badly right now, Kaylanna, sometimes I fear I will die from wanting you. Do not ever fear touching me, my love, in any way you wish, but know, I cannot be held accountable for my actions if you tease me too much."

"Oh," she said softly, then in a shy voice that caused her cheeks to flame, "I thought perhaps I could make your ache go away as you did mine."

Tyreon groaned and leaned back into the pillows of the bed then took her hand and placed it over his cloth covered manhood. He was so hard from just watching her earlier climax that he thought he might burst at any moment. She touched him shyly at first and then with more boldness as he moaned with pleasure. Soon, her fingers were untying the laces of his breeches and he sprung free from the restraining clothes.

It was much larger than she had expected it to be and her eyes widened in surprise. She barely touched it with her fingertips and he jerked from the skin on skin contact, causing her to take her touch away.

"No," he managed in a voice rough from passion, "please, don't stop."

Gently, she stroked him, marveling at how he felt. "It is as if a velvet sheath has been placed over steel," she whispered more to herself than to him and he chuckled softly at her comment. With curious fingers, she pulled back his foreskin, noting how he tensed as she did so. Liquid was already dripping from the tiny opening she found and she ran her thumb over the head, spreading the moisture over the tip.

"Like this, love," he finally said after a while of her explorations. He took her hand and showed her how to grip his hardened member then how to move it from the base to the head and back again. It felt wonderful and when he finally let her hand go she continued on her own causing him to let out a long moan of pleasure.

He knew he wasn't going to last long, having thought about this moment for most of his adult life. His sacs tensed with each movement her fingers took, and she noticed this, stopping her ministrations momentarily to touch the soft skin with curious fingers, eliciting a groan from him.

She glanced up from her seeking hands to gaze upon his face. His expression looked almost pained and a look of worry crossed her features. "Are you alright, love?"

"Aye," he managed to say, his cock twitching against her fingers as she began to move her hand on him again. Unexpectedly, she leaned down and placed a kiss against the head of his manhood and his fingers clawed at the sheets, trying desperately to make this experience last.

When her mouth opened and tentively closed her lips around the very tip of his cock he reached down and curled his fingers in her hair, pulling her away. His other hand grabbed his cock and tightened his fingers around the base to keep from coming.
