 It has only been four generations since a well-intentioned aggressive female President of the United States rushed to truly liberate women. Just a little gene therapy and women were free from menopause and their periods were easily controllable. The entire European world, India, China and Japan followed within ten years. Within two generations, we learned that the results were catastrophic for women and men alike.

Women are horny and fertile from puberty till death now. About half the males born are sterile with suppressed I.Q.s because of mutated "Y" chromosomes, a fourth are ok and a fourth are virile but can pass on mutated genes. Already, the ratio of fertile women to fertile un-affected men is twenty to one, in the affected areas of the world. High priced sperm banks are rampant; the market for unaffected organs is so lucrative that the underworld makes more from organs than drugs. The demand for unaffected men is quadrupling every year. Polygamy is now legal. Few people bother to get married. For a short time, some men took to wearing a government issued "AM" (all male) badge to signal that they were tested, virile and genetically pure. They could develop harems overnight. But that marked them for beatings, and worse, from the majority of men who want mates but are sterile or genetically affected.

The intelligencia are trying to decide whether women's I.Q.s are also dropping and how to save the human race. Ideas range from pregnancy permits, to only invetro pregnancies, to cloning, to required abortion of all fetuses who carry bad genes, to some really wild stuff, like mandatory sterilization of affected humans or requiring females to become baby factories for known good embryos.

The population is dropping in all expect the Latin cultured countries. Most of those countries have restricted their men from leaving and highly restrict travel into their countries. Entire cultures are extrapolating the generation of their total demise. Productivity is down, research is down and innovation is down world-wide. The best and brightest men are for sex now, not work. The best and brightest women seem to be driven to have unaffected children. Forged medical reports and documents are big business. A whole new set of legal problems have arisen. Many women have paid fortunes to sperm banks to have healthy male babies, only to be scammed and be saddled with the expenses and heartbreak of raising a dim witted, sterile male. Adopting your own healthy child out for money is now legal. Do it five times and you are set for life.

I'm Tom Carrow and I'm an unaffected male of twenty-five." Does that sound like an ancient intro at an Alcoholics Anonymous Meeting? It is much worse than that. If affected males knew that they would want to bash me and kill me. If females knew that am pure, they would hound me way beyond human capacity. So I act dim witted, depressed and stay to myself; I pretend to be one of the affected majority. Like most of my kind. I hide. I work in a tire shop, even though my I.Q. is over 130. I have moved away from home so no one knows me. I would love to go to college and have a fulfilling job. I long for a wife, or two, or three, but then word would get out. Maybe not this year, or the next, but eventually, someone would kill me. I am different. I totally understand, that the lowest common denominator is far below me. I would have to be reduced by the masses of men who also want women.

Vanna lives in my apartment building. We have had dinner together several times, always in her apartment. She has three sisters who live with their mother. She and her family all want normal children. They have all read how families used to be. How men and women worked; how children were reared; and how life was about 2020. She speaks of it as a fairy tale and glows as she keeps me up to date on her friend who has had a fully normal female baby. We both know there is only a slight chance that little girl will grow up and ever see a normal male, much less marry and have children with one.

"How about you Vanna? Have you ever thought of having children?"

"O, yes, all the time. I'm only a one-half. My family stopped the therapy of newborns after two generations. Surely, if I had three children with a whole man, one would be fully healthy."

"Would you give so much of your life to raising the other two, just for one complete one? How would you protect a normal male child? Have you decided how you will get pregnant?"

"Tom, I know my dreams are not sensible. I don't have an answer to any of that. I don't even know an un-affected male and I don't have the money for invetro and testing enough times to get a good baby. There are so few babies today. I know I would be a wonderful mother. It is just a fantasy."

Twice, Vanna had come to my apartment. I never invited her; she just knocked and came in. Today, she came again, presumably to ask me to dinner and to meet her visiting older sister. She doddled around, looked at my books and quickly checked the history and favorites log on my computer, when she thought I was not looking. She noted my electronic subscriptions to what used to be called "Newspapers" and e-zines. I knew a challenge was coming.

"Tom, you are not like the men I know. You have interests and intelligence. You are more articulate than most. Are you sterile and affected?" 

"You know me. I work in a tire shop. We've talked many times. Do I seem smart like that to you? Don't make me admit to my shortcomings. You know how much I like you. Don't you think I would tell you if I could meet any of your dreams?"

"I don't know. I think you are more than you seem."

"Well for God's sakes, if that is what you think, don't say it too loud. You could get me killed."

"Tell me the truth. I'll keep your secret, whatever it is. I don't know a single male who reads the things you do, knows current events or has an intellectual side like you do."

"You're a mean woman, Vanna. I'm just a regular guy who finds you attractive and knows you rejected me long ago. I'm just a friend. Don't make me admit my lack of completeness."

"I can find out you know. I work in the records office."

"Please don't do that."

"Then tell me the truth."

She could be lying. It is not easy to get such DNA info. Even today that is not like DMV records or criminal records. "Vanna, it is time for you to leave. I will come for dinner this weekend, only if you promise not to ask such questions again."

"Ok, I'm sorry Tom. Saturday, evening about seven. Goodnight."

That was too easy. I did not sleep well that night. It was too easy. Women had become more aggressive in the last two hundred years. They knew they were in control of business, intelligence and money now. They were just very, very unfilled and unhappy now. Why didn't she pressure me?

I did not know, Vanna's mom, Marge, was visiting also. I had heard she was a nurse. Her older sister, Addie, was the administrator of the same hospital. Maybe I was affected. I didn't make the records connection until I was shaking hands with good ol' mom. At least for a few minutes, I set my fear aside, when I saw Marge; she was a mid-forties, shapely, big-breasted redhead whose green eyes sparked with the knowledge that she could fuck any man into submission.

I acted shy, avoided getting into any conversations and kept my eyes to my dinner. Into the entrée Marge challenged me. "You can stop the act now, Tom. We know your background and that you are keeping your purity under wraps."

"I have no idea what you are talking about."

"Your real name is Tom Callow, you come from a small town in the farming belt of Kansas. Your family has home schooled for generations. Your entire family was pure. You had two brothers and a sister who were killed along with your mother and father. It took me three tries to get your real blood work up. You've done a good job covering your tracks."

"Not good enough." I got up to leave.

Vanna caught up to me, "Tom, please don't get mad. I really like you and needed to know about you."

"Your medling is going to get me killed. You, your sister and your mother are beautiful intelligent and successful. Your interest alone, will bring unwanted attention. Women like you would not be interested in an affected male. I've hidden well here for three years."

"Tom, please stay."

I stayed. Real conversation was a treat. An intellectual argument was near ecstasy. I was dreading the fall of the other shoe. Women always had a motive for such meetings. It finally surfaced.

Marge started it off, "Vanna wants you to give her a baby. If you do that, I'll finish covering your tracks so only we will ever know."

"I want to see her genetic work-up and medical history too. It will have to be the old fashioned way. Too many records otherwise."

"Have you ever had sex before?"

I was irritated, and it showed in my voice, "There is sex in Kansas. That wasn't my sister who was killed. It was my girlfriend and she was pregnant. I've been here ever since."

"You are really mad at us right now."

"Damn right. But the company, the conversation and the view has been wonderful."

Marge piped up again, "Girls, this is a playful demanding man. Be on your toes, just to keep up with him. You may never see another."

For the next few weeks, Vanna and I talked casually, until one night there was a knock on my door. Women did not risk dressing like this any more. Her mom had a hand in this. Vanna had on a tube-top, a short skirt, no shoes; she was clean and smelled of vanilla. She was bright red, embarrassed and stuttered when she asked to borrow a cup of sugar. 

I think she is older than me, but I played. "Were is your cup for the sugar, little girl?"

"Oh, I guess, I forgot it."

"That's alright, I cannot risk a little virgin like you being out by yourself. I'll lend you a cup. Come sit on the couch while I get one."

"How did you know I am a virgin."

"I guessed. Don't worry, I'll be good for you. You will not be a virgin when you go home and hopefully you will be pregnant."

I never knew what a swoon was until that moment. She was mine. Totally pliable and I had not even touched her.

"Vanna, you can ask me to stop at any time. I know why you are here but I want our time together to be wonderful. Let's pretend we are in love. Trust me, give yourself to me and I will give you what your want."

Our first kiss was a bad one. Our noses were in the way. The second was better. I nibbled at her lips and licked them. When I pushed my tongue between hers, they parted and she sucked. For twenty minutes we learned to kiss and felt each other's body through our clothing. When I lowered my lips to her breast, she arched into me. I pulled her top down and kissed her nipple. A soft moan filled the air.

I could smell her need by the time I finished loving her other breast. She offered no resistance when I reached under her skirt and pulled at her panties. She stood and gave them to me. She never blinked when I brought them to my nose, inhaled and put them aside.

I led her willingly to my bedroom and she opened her legs for me as I pushed her down onto the bed. "Not yet, Vanna. I want to enjoy every inch of you. Taste you, make your body ache and fly before I cum in your belly and give you the baby we both want."

She looked at me strangely. I'm sure every thought up to that time was of "her baby."

I slipped her top completely off and kissed down her left arm, across her armpit and settled on her nipple again. Her body did not know what it wanted, so it just wiggled under me. Down again. Down across her ovary, down the top of her leg, across her knee, down to her foot, where I kissed and sucked at each toe. She was moaning now. Up now. Up inside her leg, inside her thigh. Her legs parted wider for me. I opened her lips. I could tell she was a virgin but she should not have much pain.

I lapped at her lips and the sides of her pussy. I kissed below near her ass, then up to lightly touch her covered clit. Just a hint of what was to come. I opened her and kissed away some of her flowing wetness. She was sweet, clean, not soapy, she tasted only of a woman. I stretched her wider and her little pearl sparkled in front of a man for the first time. When I licked it, she froze. When I licked it again, she moved. When I sucked it lightly the first time, she clasped my head to make sure I would not move away. I let her have her way. She ground into me as I struggled to keep my kisses and touch gentle. Without warning she cried our some unintelligible words and came on my lips. I never slowed, just moved off her sensitive clit. 

I nibbled at the right side of her pussy and sucked her belly button. I kissed and licked at her ovary buried deep. 

"Look at me Vanna." I stood by the side of the bed and slowly undressed for her. She seemed to appreciate my chest, stared at my nipples and the hair. She looked all down my legs when I removed my pants. I paused as she looked directly into my eyes, as if to plead, "Please, hurry." When I stepped out of my boxers my cock was rigid and wet, bobbing on its own. I noted a little fear, so I went to her, laid on her, let her feel my weight.

"Touch me, Vanna. Guide me into your body."

There was no hesitation. She rubbed the head of my cock all around the opening of her cunt, centered it and pushed her hips up so just the tip nestled against her maiden's barrier. I pushed and the helmet stretched her and lodged inside. She gasped.

"The next part will hurt for a moment but only the first time. Then I will be inside you. Your body will stretch and easily take me. Your womb will suck the semen from me and it will puddle at your cervix. In just a little while, your body will be satisfied and you will be pregnant."

I felt her open wider for me. Challanging me. I thrust. She cried out and tightened all her muscles to protect herself from pain. In only a minute, the pain was gone and she rolled her hips, learning how she could use my shaft to rub her clit. Again she rolled and I matched her movements by pulling out half way and thrusting so our pubic bones bumped together the first time. She smiled up at me, "Again, Tom, do that again."

She was ready now. Ready to fuck and to fuck back. Ready to find out why once there were so many people in the world. Ready to feel the pleasure her woman's body could give her. She came again quickly. My mind was filled with worry, so I did not cum with her. I rolled her on top of me and moved her hips with my hands until she learned to ride me. Her body was winning me over. Her sheath was slippery and tight. I could feel the depth of her each time she settled her weight to my crotch. Her eyes were almost closed. She moaned and drooled and she came again.

Her eyes flickered open, questioning.

"Now it is time, Vanna. Get on your hands and knees."

I knelt behind her, entered her and jarred her with my first thrust. On my second our bodies slapped together and on my third she met me half way. Sweat was pouring down my face, dripping onto her ass. She never felt it. She was calling my name and saying words that had never crossed her lips before. "Fuck me Tom. Cum into me. Fuck me Tom. Give me a baby."

She screamed into the mattress and came. That drove me wild. My strokes into her were wild, almost uncontrolled. I slipped out once. Swore and put my cock back in and fucked more controlled. This time I panted, "I'm going to cum. I'm going to fill your cunt up. You will drip for a week." She screamed again into the mattress and pushed back at me violently. I held on and we shared each wet, throbbing pulse of my cum into her hopeful womb.

I fell but hung onto her. I landed on my side, pulling her with me, my cock buried deep.

My breath returned to normal. I felt her squeeze her cunt muscles. My cock was too soft to twitch, so I ran my hand around her and cupped her breast, pulling her to me. She snuggled and we dozed for a while.

When she awoke, I turned her, hovering over her and kissed her. She was warm and compliant. "Do you like not being a virgin?"

"It was a lot of fun getting that way."

"Suck me, Vanna, get me hard again."

When she saw my cock, covered with our combined dried cum stains, she hesitated.

"Get me ready. I want to make sure you are pregnant."

Her lips closed over me and she sucked. Soon she was licking, kissing and enjoying our taste. She had me hard in moments. 

"On your back. I'm going to show you what your body can take."

There was a look of fear in her eyes, when I pushed all the way into her soaking cunt. I pulled out and thrust hard. Her body bounced. I had fifty pounds on her and lots of strength. But she felt how her body was made for this. Her hips spread my power and her body cried, "Do it again." Again and again, I pounded into her. She was helping now, rising up so I could slam her down.

"When I cum this time, I'm going to be very still, so you can feel me pump into you." I pushed a pillow under her for more depth and to get a better angle to impregnate her. Five, ten, maybe twenty more hard thrusts and I froze. She was cuming during my first pump. The feeling was exquisite. Her body was sucking me. Pulling every drop from me. To get what she wanted she would take my blood and my life into her womb.

It was all I could do to keep myself from collapsing onto her. Instead, I looked at her closed eyes and made my cock dance inside her. She caught on and tightened her muscles after each of my jerks. Her lovely eyes opened. Sleepily, she smiled at me. "I could get used to this, Tom."

When I finally lay down beside her. She spoke. "Do you think it worked?"

"Yes I do. But if it didn't, we'll have to do it again."

There was a long pause then she asked, "If it did work, can we still do it again?"