 Prologue

The man sat in a small cafe on the side of the road. He was in his mid 30s, average build , blue eyes and shoulder length hair. He had been half listening to a couple boys in their late teens, sitting a couple tables away, arguing over whether or not wood nymphs were real and what they would do with one, when a voice whispered beside his ear.

"They are real." 

Startled, he turned to see an old lady staring at him with piercing green eyes. "What's that?" he asked.

"Wood nymphs. They are real." she replied quietly, "and I can tell you how to find one." 

"Sure" the man scoffed. "All I have to do is give you a pile of money, maybe my house and a couple of cows and you will send me off on a merry chase to a valley full of over sexed wood elves and magic mushrooms. Move along Gramma. This isn't the table you want." 

Rather than chase the old lady off, this tirade seemed to amuse her and she slid into a chair opposite him. "She is a nymph, not an elf. There is a valley, but she is the only one in it and I don't think there are any sort of magical mushrooms growing there. All I want from you is a bowl of soup and I will tell you where the valley is." 

Not having any thing better to do, and thinking that a bowl of soup was at least worth a story from a strange old lady on a boring day the man ordered a bowl of clam chowder for the lady and settled back to listen.

Day 1

I think I have reached the valley that the old lady told me about. It looks much as she described it. A narrow valley between two mountains with a small creek running through the center of it. The journey was rather easy, though the trail that led me here was well hidden. I doubt I could have found it with out the old lady telling me the signs to look for. I have set up camp in a small clearing at the base of one of the mountains. The stream runs beside it and I can see a couple well used game trails that lead into the trees.

Day 2

I started my search today and Wow. I think next time I see that old lady I will buy her all the soup she can eat for the rest of her life. I started by wandering up along the creek, taking my time. It has been a beautiful day, the sun shining down, a gentle breeze blowing, and the sound of birds singing mixed in with the soft rustle of the leaves. I had been walking like that for about an hour when I realized that I could hear more than just birds and leaves. There seamed to be a soft moaning carried along with the wind so I followed it through the trees. As the sound got louder I came to the edge of another small clearing and that's where I found her.

As I peered through the branches of a tree I could see her reclined with her back against a mossy stump. She looked to be in her mid twenties, long dark blond hair, an athletic build with sexy curves, luscious red lips the color of bright blood, and piercing green eyes.. She was wearing what looked like a red and black lacy teddy. I could see that the bottom of the teddy was pulled to the side and two of the fingers on her left hand were deep inside her gorgeous pussy. As I watched she pulled a small breast out of the top and began squeezing the nipple hard with her right hand. She let out a soft moan with every squeeze and I could see her left hand moving faster and faster. Suddenly she came with a scream that seemed to echo through the woods and I watched as cum sprayed out of her as her back arched.

The sight of it was so hot I couldn't help but gasp and just like that she was gone with nothing to show that she had even been there except the smell of her sex on the wind and the sound of her cries of ecstasy still echoing through the valley. 

I went back to my camp and spent the rest of the day amusing myself with thoughts of what I had just witnessed.

Day 3 Morning

Everything they say about the sexual appetite of nymphs seems to be true. 

I had been asleep for a few hours when I was woken up to the feel of my cock stiffening. As my eyes snapped open I was surprised to find the nymph kneeling between my legs with her mouth just above my suddenly rock hard cock. Her hot silky breath was drifting down over the top of my shaft and my cock twitched in response. She glanced up and saw me away and staring at her and with a smile she plunged her mouth down over my pole, moving her head from side to side as she took it in until I could feel it touching the inside of her throat. She began to work it over and over and as I watched she pulled aside her teddy again and started rubbing herself with her fingers. Her smooth, silky mound glistened with moisture and I could see more of it dribbling down her legs as she worked. Her body began to shudder and a load moan escaped from her mouth as she took my cock all the way in and with a groan I began to cum. Her eyes met mine again and I could see her throat working as she swallowed everything I had to give. With one last long suck for good measure she released me and stood. As I gazed up at her she pushed two fingers deep into her slit and pulled them out covered with juice. I sat in stunned amazement as she rubbed the sweet musky liquid across my lips and turning fled into the woods. I collapsed back, suddenly feeling very relaxed and fell back to sleep.

Day 3 Evening

I slept until around nine and when I awoke I felt very good.. I seemed to be very rested and felt no hunger. So rather than find food I spent a couple hours just relaxing around the camp. I must have fallen asleep because once again my eyes shot open wide to the feel of lips on my cock. 

This time though it was her well shaped ass that greeted me as she straddle my chest with her ass almost pressed to my face. She was wearing nothing but a small black thong the sunk deep into her ass crack. She wiggled her butt a little as her head worked up and down my rod and taking the cue I pushed my thumb into her pussy and began to move it in and out. I could feel how moist she was as more and more of her juices began to drip out until finally she moved back until her sopping hole was against my mouth and began working her clit hard and with a shudder and a scream, her body released and I felt my mouth fill with her essence. It was like nothing I had ever tasted. Sweet and salty and musky. It tasted like an orgasm feels. I swallowed all she gave me and my tongue begged for more as I probed her crevice with my tongue and hungrily sucked every last drop from her lips and clit. I felt the orgasm growing in my own body and suddenly I was spraying into her mouth again as she drank all I had. Feeling my attention off her pussy she turned to smile at me before standing and walking into the woods again. 

I spent the rest of the day just laying in one place enjoying the taste of her that seemed to linger on my lips.

Day 4

When I awoke today it was to her squatting above my iron cock. The top half of her was clothed in some kind of black silky negligee that hung barely to the top of her ass and I could see that her pussy was completely bare, already dripping in anticipation as she slowly lowered it down to my cock. When the tip of my cock was just barely intruding on her hole she smiled wickedly and dropped the rest of the way onto me. I gasped in pleasure, my voiced echoed by hers at the sensation of my shaft sinking deep into her tight moist cunt. She began to writhe on me. Her ass pressing into by balls as my thick cock moved deep inside her making her come over and over. Suddenly she lifted up until my cock was almost out and then dropped hard back down and I came fast. As she stood I waited for her to flit off into the woods again but she walked forward until her pussy was pressing against my face and used it to force me back onto the ground. She then began to grind on my chin and mouth until I started licking and sucking her clit. I could taste the sweet muskiness of her ambrosia mixed with the sharper salty taste of my own cum but I continued licking and sucking until her moans became screams and she began to squirt into my mouth again. Once my mouth was full she watched as I swallowed it all and licked the last drops off her legs before she bent down to kiss me hard, her tongue questing deep into my mouth. Finally she broke the kiss, licked a bit of her juice off the side of my cheek and moved out of sight. I collapsed back, my body almost numb, unable to do much more than turn my head to watch her ass sway as she walked into the trees.

Day 5

When I woke up today I was alone. The first thing I noticed was that my cock was still rock hard. I lay there trying to remember if it had even gone soft after the last time she fucked me. I decided it must have, but I wasn't sure. It did seem to stay erect most of the time lately. 

I heard a rustling in the grass near my head and she was once more upon me. Without any preamble she quickly dropped her naked body down upon my shaft, taking my whole length deep and beginning to grind. I felt the warmth spread over my groin as her juices began to flow and it wasn't long before I was cumming also. 

She stood up and I waited eagerly for my usual taste of her sex before she left me. This time, however, she had more in store for me. She stood over me with her fingers fondling the inside of her pussy but this time instead of letting me taste them she began rubbing them through her ass crack. As she spread her cheeks a little I could see her begin to work a finger into the small pink hole she had hidden there. I lay there amazed at how quickly she came. It was only a matter of seconds before her back arched and she squirted hard, her juices spraying hot to cover my face. She then lowered herself down over me again and taking my cock in her hand began to guide it towards her ass. She slowly sat down on me, small moans escaping her red lips as my cock began to spread her out. Once she had me all the way inside she began to rock back and forth, lifting her ass and slamming it down again. It didn't take long for another orgasm to have her screaming and squirting and more followed that one as she pressed a hand over her cunt and her fingers worked furiously, almost tearing at her pussy with their need. I came again, hard, and to my surprise it was only a minute or so before another orgasm rippled through me. We must have stayed at it for almost fifteen minutes before she finally let out a long sigh of pleasure and raised her hot little ass off my cock. She rubbed her hands in the puddle of juices on my belly before allowing me to lick them clean and then left me by myself again. I stared down my wet body, amazed to see my cock still standing stiff and straight before finally drifting of into some sort of fog.

Day 8

At least I think this is the eighth day. The last few days have gone by in a haze. I can remember fucking her over and over through out the last couple days, sometimes my cock throbbing deep within her pussy or her ass, sometimes it's my tongue as her juices fill my mouth and her aroma fills my nose. The valley is a constant noise of her moans and screams as I bring her to climax over and over. 

I don't know why but I haven't felt the need for food in days and my cock seems to be always hard, my mouth always waiting for the taste of her sex, I seem to also be cumming almost as much as her now. I think today might be the first time I have even moved from off my back in two or three days. She hasn't been here to see me yet today but I know she is coming and my eager body awaits.

Epilogue

Deep within her mountain cave the wood nymph gazed at her latest trophy. She had placed him sitting in a large chair near her bed. He was her best one yet and deserved a place of honor. As she gazed into his adoring eyes she felt the need again and moved towards him. Holding his thick, hard cock she guided it slowly towards her hungry ass and lowered herself down the length of it feeling it's size stretching her tight hole as it sank deep. She leaned forward and licked his lips, enjoying the taste of herself on them as she began to grind and rock back and forth, her need becoming greater until she began to climax and her whole body shuttered. She could see the pleasure building in the man's heavy lidded eyes and she smiled as she felt his hot seed spray deep inside her. She pushed her fingers into her moist warm pussy until they were soaked before allowing the man to suck them clean before standing up and idly watching her juices slide down her leg. 

"I should have thought of this years ago," she mutters into the silence, "though next time I am going to ask for two bowls of that chowder."