 Chapter 7

The freezing night air hit me like a wall as we left the laboratory, and a snow-laden gale swooped down on us. Inside her electric blue aura, the Goddess seemed impervious to the cold. I, however, immediately began shivering uncontrollably, my teeth chattered, my erection vanished and my balls contracted. The cold cut through my naked body, piercing like a knife into my chest. My heart thumped painfully as Lilith pulled on my leash to drag me behind her hideous mount. I stumbled after her, feeling that my body could no longer stand the abuse. Just as I could bear no more, the material of my belt began to spread and flow over my skin. It coated me with a thin, invisible layer of material that kept out the freezing wind without hiding any of my flesh from the eyes of the goddess. At the same time it caressed me with its smooth, slightly damp tightness, stimulating my cock so that it again began to rise.

The journey to Lilith's slave pens was mercifully short. A few minutes running down a glowing, silvery path almost hidden by wildly swirling snow flakes. I struggled to keep pace with the fast predatory lope of the mnimrast, while the goddess kept a constant, uncomfortable pressure on the lead attached to my collar. Through the gaps in the storm I could vaguely discern the shape of a golden pyramid and beneath it a group of buildings, through the gate of which the goddess pulled me.

We passed underneath a tall arch and through an invisible membrane to find ourselves in what appeared to be a large hall. More than two dozen naked men were strenuously exercising under the watchful eyes of three women. The women wore their hair piled regally on their heads and were dressed in full-length gowns made of an iridescent material that sparkled across the spectrum as the light caught it. The bodices of the gowns clung tightly to their full breasts, clearly showing their thrusting nipples. The skirts seemed almost liquid, parting as they moved to show tantalising glimpses of naked cunts and arses, and coalescing seamlessly into tight, shimmering sheaths when they stood still. In their hands the women carried short crops, which they applied enthusiastically to the slaves whenever they sensed any slackening in their efforts.

Lilith jerked my leash and dragged me close to her. Her boot heel dug into my shoulder, forcing me to my knees. She remained mounted for a brief moment, watching the women and the slaves, her hips flexing so that the rast's huge symbioform slid in and out of her widely distended cunt. Very soon I felt her orgasmic aura wash over me. Immediately all eyes were drawn towards her. The slaves instantly stopped what they were doing and knelt down, facing her with their heads bowed, holding their pricks between the thumbs and first two fingers of each hand – presenting their erections for her inspection. I realised that this was a ritual movement and I followed their example.

The rast knelt down, the Goddess sprang from its back and strode over to the kneeling slaves.

"Where are the rest of them?" She asked.

"Eris is bringing them over from the household now." One of the women replied.

"Good," said Lilith, "as soon as they arrive I'll choose twenty of them for tonight. Make sure that they and the others are fed, then bring them to my dungeon."

She gestured at me, still kneeling behind her. "I've just bought this one, 7833. He's pretty well-endowed. When he's been fed you can have him for tonight. Just make sure he's at the ceremony tomorrow morning."

The women wandered over to me. One of them stood behind me and grabbed my arms, pulling my hands away from my penis, while another stood in front of me and lifted it with the end of her crop. It had been in a semi-erect state, but now it began to unfurl into full hardness, with its tip rapidly approaching my navel.

"Not bad," said the woman in front of me, slapping my cock hard with her crop. "I want to fuck him first!"

"OK," said the third woman, who was standing beside her. "It looks as if there's plenty to go round!"

At that moment there was a blast of cold air, the sound of heels striking the floor, and the clink of chains. Glancing up I saw, coming through an entrance opposite me that I had not previously noticed, a seductive, dark-skinned woman with long black hair, white boots and gloves, and a tight, white cache-sexe. I immediately recognised her as Eris, my earlier tormentrix. In one gloved hand she held a whip and in the other a fine chain, attached to which was a coffle of some thirty slaves, every man linked to another by a short length of chain attached to his collar. They filed into the room after their young slave mistress, their heads bowed.

"Excellent Eris!" The Goddess said as the group appeared, "bring them over here with the others, for my inspection."

Lilith was soon surrounded by kneeling men, each presenting his hard penis to her lust-filled gaze. Eris removed the chains of those she had brought, allowing the Goddess to stalk like a predator around the naked bodies of some 60 men, all with huge erections now straining towards her. She deliberately brushed her naked hips against the shoulder of every man she passed, making him gasp with frustrated lust. Occasionally she bent over to fondle a man's cock and balls in her tightly-gloved hands. Sometimes she stood in front of a man, her legs on either side of his knees, then she grasped his hair and pulled back his head, before grinding her drooling cunt against his face. 

After what seemed like an age of expectant silence, broken only by the sounds of men in sexual torment, she seemed to have reached her decision. Beckoning Eris to her side she pointed at man after man. As each one was indicated, Eris attached his collar to a chain and drew him after her to stand in a line at the side of the group. The Goddess walked slowly along the line, stopping at each man to cup his balls and run her fingers over his erection. Finally she nodded in satisfaction at her choice.

"They'll do. Feed them and bring them to my dungeon!" So say she turned again to her rast, mounting it and impaling herself on its still-erect symbioform in one fluid movement. As she turned to leave she glanced back at Eris. "Oh, and choose one of them to be my sacrifice tomorrow. I need to make room for my new slave - 7833." Waving contemptuously in my direction, the Lilith-mnimrast left the hall through the entrance by which we had arrived.

As soon as the Goddess had left, the men moved over to hatches at one side of the hall from which they each fetched a steaming bowl and a cup. They took their bowls and cups to one side of the hall and squatted or sat cross-legged on the floor. They transferred the contents of the bowls into their mouths with their fingers, occasionally swigging from their cups. The men who hadn't been chosen by Lilith were supervised by the three women. Eris took charge of the chosen ones, a look of intense disgust on her face as she watched her charges eat. When she noticed one man drop some food on his chest, she rounded on him, laid into him with her whip, and screamed at him furiously.

"You filthy, disgusting male scum 6453! Why do I have to watch your swinish feeding behaviour? Lilith will make you pay tomorrow. I choose you as the sacrifice! Lilith'll suck the life out of you through that shrivelled thing between your legs!"

The man collapsed under the onslaught of her whip, begging for mercy while she flayed his back until it was bloody. All the other men continued to eat with bovine concentration, seemingly oblivious to the plight of their companion. At last, with her breasts sweat-slicked and heaving, she threw down her whip and stood over her victim, who lay, moaning and whimpering between her legs.

"I think you need some cream for that back of yours," she said, looking down at the bloody runnels her whip had cut into his flesh.

"No, not that!" He screamed, not daring to look up, as, laughing mercilessly, she peeled the latrix away from her cunt and allowed the pearly drops of her lust juice to drip onto his back. I knew exactly what he was feeling as he writhed in agony after she had delved deep into her pussy, coated her fingers thickly and, kneeling over him, massaged the fluid across his wounds.

"You'll feel worse than that tomorrow morning," Eris laughed. 6453 screamed and twisted beneath her as she sat on him, rubbing her cunt over his shuddering body.

By the time 6453's screams had turned to sobs of frustrated lust, the last man had finished eating and drinking. Eris dragged her victim to his feet and attached his collar to her chain, linking the other 19 in a line behind him. Picking up her whip, she cracked it over their heads and led them out of the exit taken by the Goddess.

The other men stayed where they were, as if awaiting further orders. The three women were talking together, ignoring the men. Then the woman who had said that she wanted to be the first to fuck me glanced in my direction She appeared to notice me for the first time and strode over to me.

"I am Mistress Amnita," she said. "You haven't eaten yet have you 7833?"

"No Mistress Amnita" I replied.

"Good," she said, "well, I've got a little hors d'ouevre for you!" So saying, she gripped my hair with one hand and parted her skirt with the other.

"Get licking boy!" She said, pressing my mouth against her cunt lips. "Let's see if Lilith has got herself a bargain!"

My mouth and lips were still very sore from the abuse they had been given by Eris, Charis and Lilith herself. However, as I felt her plump, naked cunt-lips rub against my face and smelled once more the musk of female arousal, I began to lick and suck with enthusiasm. Almost immediately she rewarded my efforts with a gush of her sex-cream.

"Oh yes!" She cried, pulling me harder into her cunt and slapping at my back with her crop. Smothered by her sopping cunt, in pain from the blows she was giving my back and from her grip on my hair, I nevertheless found my cock rising to full hardness as her lust juices flooded into my mouth. Within a very short time she was crying out and gasping as her vagina contracted around my lips and tongue in the throes of her powerful orgasm.

At last she pushed me away, and I sank back on my haunches. "Yes!" She said when she had regained her composure. "Lilith was right to buy you." She looked appraisingly at my now rigid prick. "And it seems that you've got more to offer."

She hit me on my chest with her crop. "Go and feed now," she said, "then I'll take you to your cell and visit you later!"

I moved over to the feeding station, opened a transparent door that still had a bowl and cup behind it, and took them out. The other men watched me with blank, incurious stares as I took my cup and bowl and went to squat against the wall.

The food was a homogenous lump, brownish and with the consistency of very thick porridge. It was easy to scoop out of the bowl and tasted good, but bland. The liquid in the cup was clear and tasted vaguely of an unidentifiable fruit, but it was thirst-quenching and invigorating.

As soon as I had finished eating, the three women shouted "Up!" at us. When we had risen to our feet, they mustered us into three groups, each taking charge of one. Amnita made sure that I was in her group.

"Cleaning time!" She said, "I love watching this!" Amnita touched the buckle on my belt and that of the other men with me, while the other women did the same to the men in their groups.

Immediately the material of my slick-suit began to expand and crawl slowly over my skin. I felt as if it was removing the top layer of my flesh – the pain was like ripping away a sticking plaster. Involuntarily I cried out, and so did some of the others. The women smirked, and two of them parted their skirts and began to masturbate as they watched us squirming in pain.

Mercifully, I became accustomed to the pain and soon it was no more than a discomfort. I suppose it took about 10 minutes for the slick-suit material to cover me completely, even probing inside my anus, mouth and nostrils. Then, far more quickly, it began to retreat, leaving behind skin that was completely smooth, hairless and covered with a light coating of oil.

"Lovely," said Amnita, roughly wanking my slick and glistening cock. "I can't wait to get it inside me!" She slapped my buttocks with her crop and jabbed it at the others in her group. "Into your cells now!" She ordered. Silently, the men walked away through an opening behind the feeding station.

"You!" Said Mistress Amnita, "come with me".

I followed her as she led me after the retreating figures of my fellow slaves. We went down some stairs and into a long corridor lined with doorways. All of them were open and I could see the rooms beyond. Each was identical – a narrow bed with no covering and a small stool beside it., illuminated by the flickering light of a web screen. Men were already in their rooms. Some were lying on their beds, some were sitting on them, vacantly watching the web screen and idly masturbating as they did so. Some were sitting on their stools, and I realised, from the way these moulded around the men's bottoms and groins, that they were designed to absorb their waste.

"This will be your cell, 7833," Amnita said, pointing to a door near the end of the corridor. "6453 won't be needing it again. Let's just hope that you serve the Goddess better than he did!"

I followed her pointing crop and went into the cell. I felt its entrance membrane brush over me and, once through, I realised that it would not let me back out. I turned and watched Amnita walk off down the corridor. She looked back at me and called over her shoulder, "don't worry, I'll see you again soon 7833!"

I turned back into my cell and sat on the narrow bed. The whole of the wall through which I had come was now apparently occupied by the web screen. I couldn't see the doorway at all and it was as if the wall had gone. In its place was a brightly lit, three-dimensional image of a large room with a group of men being strapped into various pieces of apparatus by a woman whose back was to me. As she turned I recognised that the woman was Eris, that the men were the slaves she had taken out of the hall, and that I was looking at Lilith's dungeon. As her name sounded in my head, I heard the sound of her heels striking the stone floor and she herself came into view. As she did so I smelt her musky perfume and a wave of intense lust washed over me. She appeared to walk right up to me, her eyes boring into mine with piercing intensity as she swept her hands, now covered in skin-tight gold, down over her breasts, her stomach and onto her thighs.

I couldn't help myself. Almost as though she herself was willing it, I began to masturbate furiously and hopelessly as I watched her taking her pleasure with slave after slave. Two, three, four or five at once she took them, while Eris bound and positioned each man at her bidding.

That was not to be the end of my torment that night. Even as I my prick ached unfulfilled at the vision of my Goddess, Mistress Amnita reappeared. For what seemed like hours she forced me to give her orgasm after orgasm while she rode my cock and my mouth. She left me at last and I fell into fitful sleep with my prick still huge and my lust unslaked, while images of Lilith taunted me from the wall of my cell.

Chapter 8

It felt as if I had shut my eyes for only a few minutes when I once more felt the pain of my slick suit crawling over my body, absorbing dead skin, hair, sweat and the remains of the cunt-juice with which Amnita had coated my skin during the night. As it retreated I felt surprisingly awake and refreshed. I sat up, running my hands over my smooth, oiled flesh, glorying in the rippling play of my newly created muscles. The beautiful, moving vision of Lilith still dominated the wall of my cell and her perfume lingered in the air. Then the picture dissolved to reveal the open doorway with the sight of other slaves getting up and moving down the corridor. I sat on my stool and allowed it to mould itself around me as it carried away both my piss and shit. Then I rose and joined my fellow slaves in a wordless walk up the stairs and into the hall where I had been brought last night.

I followed the other men to the serving hatches, taking out a bowl and a cup like them. For once the men appeared to be unsupervised by any women and, for the first time there were whispered conversations among them. I heard one of them muttering and saw some dark looks being thrown in my direction.

"Don't worry about them," a voice said close to my ear. "Frit was their oar-mate in the sexcar team, but I think he was getting weak and the Goddess was going to sacrifice him anyway. You coming along just made it quicker."

I looked over at the man who had been speaking. He seemed to be older than most of the others.

"Yes," he said, as if reading my thoughts, "I'm going to be sacrificed soon anyway. If Frit hadn't annoyed Eris it would probably have been me." He touched my arm gently. "I'm Arf by the way. I'm senior here."

I thought quickly, in none of the preparation Leela had given me had there been any mention of male culture, and certainly not that men ever called themselves names, rather than using the numbers so contemptuously assigned to them by women.

"I'm Jake." I replied, hoping that my real name would pass.

"That's unusual," Arf replied, "but then you're not from round here are you?

"No," I said, remembering Leela's words to her daughter, "I was bought from Sydney three weeks ago."

"Sydney eh. I've never heard of a town called that in this city."

"No, Sydney is a city on the other side of the world."

"Other side of the world!" He shook his head in wonder, "And I've never left this township. The Goddess must have wanted you real bad." He looked me up and down. "Well, I can see a few reasons. Do you pull a good oar too?"

Again I thought quickly. I had been a reasonable oarsman at college. "Yeah," I said.

He shook his head. "You're probably going to have to fight for a place. Our first sexcar is top of the township league and I think we're in with a chance at city level."

We took our bowls and cups and went to sit together by the wall. Arf talked to me as we ate and drank. "It's the Goddess you see. She's changed everything. This village used to quiet. Never won anything. Then along comes Lilith. Sacrifices every week. New slaves from exotic places. Mind, you can see that she's class. No Goddess has touched her in my lifetime, and I'm near fifty. She's so beautiful and cruel it's going to be a pleasure to die for her."

I nodded fervently. "I worship her as well," I said.

He shrugged. "We all do. And soon we'll get the chance to do it again, while she sucks the life out of poor old Frit."

We finished eating and put our cups and bowls back through the hatches. Some of the men moved over to the exercise machines and began to pump the weights, obviously showing off to the others. I was watching them when I felt a blow on my back. Turning quickly and raising my fists in defence I saw the man who had been muttering earlier about Frit.

"What about you, new boy? Can you use those muscles, or are they just for show?"

"I can use them," I said, stepping back and crossing my arms over my chest to show that I did not intend to fight.

"Oh yeah," he said, stepping up to me and pushing me, "well let's see you do it then."

Before he could land another blow, Arf had stepped between us.

"Not now Rad!" He said. "The Goddess will want to see you both fight for a place in the sexcar. She'll be furious if you decide it before she's ready!"

Rad shuffled backwards and I appreciated that Arf had said exactly the right thing.

"Yeah, well," Rad said, looking at me with his head lowered, "I'm not afraid to meet him whenever. The Goddess only has to say the word."
