 5.

In one fluid, graceful movement, Lilith dismounted from her hideous charger, the huge phallic symbioform on its back leaving her cunt with an obscene sucking sound that seemed loud in the sudden silence. The animal collapsed into a deep sleep immediately its symbioform left her body, and the fire in its eyes went out.

Her eyes, however, blazed with lustful blue heat as they swept across my spread-eagled body. The plump, shining, dark-red pillows of her lips curled into a cruel smile. Tossing back her head, she laughed. The sound was musical, thrilling and at the same time terrifying. The mane of her hair swept around her naked breasts like a cloud. If her eyes were blue flame, then her hair was a blazing furnace of crimson and flashing gold.

Her skin also glowed golden, free of imperfections; taut, firm and silky-smooth. Her body was the picture of ideally toned female flesh. She stood with her legs slightly parted, running her hands over her torso and cupping her massive, firm breasts Each was a perfect double handful of tit flesh, riding high on her chest. Her blood-red nipples, each the size of the top-joint of my thumb, stood proud from her prominent, dark brown aureoles and stiffened at the first touch of her fingertips. A delicious shiver went through her body as she played with her tits. Sounds of pleasure burst from her lips, making the subtle muscles in her abdomen ripple with each ecstatic gasp and the golden pendant of her goddess-hood swing between her breasts. Pearly beads of juice from her pussy seeped out between her hairless labia, oozing down in oily drops to the tops of skin-tight, black boots that began just below her crotch, covered her long, firm thighs and swept over the perfect curve of her calves. As I watched, the drops of her lust-juice trickled down the shimmering latrix to gather in glistening puddles at the stiletto-sharp tips of her towering heels.

She scooped up her liquid arousal with hands covered in black, flesh-hugging gloves that extended from her slender fingers to her shoulders and began to massage it into her exposed flesh. The creamy fluid slid over her skin, coating it with glistening sap that enhanced its golden-satin sheen. The musky fragrance was heady, intoxicating and so arousing that I thought my cock would burst, as more and more of my blood pumped into its already massive bulk.

She stalked over to me with predatory grace, carefully planting each foot in front of the other so that her stiletto heels struck the floor with sounds that echoed like gunshots in the silent room. She licked her glistening red lips as she took in the massive size of my throbbing prick. Then she looked at the two girls, now both standing to one side of me, with their eyes downcast.

"You have done well girls," she said to them, "is he thoroughly prepared?"

"Yes Mistress," replied Eris "...except that..."

"Except what?"

Eris tossed her head and glanced at her companion. "Except that Charis here has not yet taken him in her arse."

"Is this true child?" The goddess asked. Striding towards Charis, she took her face in her gloved hand and lifted her chin so that she was staring into her eyes. 

Although I knew that Lilith could not be more than a couple of years older than Charis, the difference between them was immense. The younger, though lovely and cruel, was like a gentle breeze before the hurricane force of beauty, strength and terror that was Lilith.

"Yes Mistress." Charis replied. She looked away, unable to bear the force of the goddess's gaze.

"Then you must do so – now."

"But he is so big Mistress!"

"Charis, Charis," Lilith shook her head in sorrow, "if you are to be made Silver you must take this, and more!"

Suddenly she turned on the brunette, "and you, Eris – have you taken him in your mouth?"

Now it was Eris's turn to look downcast. "No, Mistress," she admitted.

"Very well, then that is what you must both do first. Come..." She said, moving to stand beside me and gesturing at my huge, throbbing prick. 

If I was astonished at the sight of these young girls impaling their cunts on my cock, I was wholly unable to believe that they would be capable of swallowing such a monstrous organ. I was certain that no one could even open their mouth wide enough to admit my fist-sized glans.

Eris knelt between my legs and bent over my gigantic penis. Raising it in both hands she positioned the slippery glans between her red, cushioned lips. Swirling her tongue around, she then drilled its tip into the cum-hole, and I screamed again in agony as once more the onset of my orgasm was frustrated by the increasingly tight band at the base of my scrotum. Her dark eyes flashed triumph into mine as she began to open her lips, wider and wider.

"Come my darling, " Lilith said in low, thrilling tones as she stood behind the kneeling brunette and began to caress her firm, young breasts with her shiny, gloved hands. "Remember your lessons – use the mnim to change the shape of your mouth and throat."

As she spoke I could see Eris's lips and throat rippling and changing. Like a snake swallowing its prey, her mouth slid over the head of my prick, and I felt the most incredible sensations as the whole of my giant organ began to slide down her throat. Once more the desire to cum was overwhelming and the agony of frustration was so intense that I felt that I would faint. Eris's eyes swivelled up to meet mine, and her triumph and delight at my pain shone out from them.

"Yes, that's it!" Lilith cried, "You have done well. I will make sure that you become a Silver at the next meeting of the township coven."

With lingering suction, Eris slowly withdrew me from her mouth. Despite the restricting band, a little pre-cum had leaked from my shaft and now glistened white on her luscious lips. Carefully she wiped it off with her index finger, which she popped into her mouth and sucked, all the while gazing deep into my eyes with cruel delight at my pain.

Now it was Charis's turn. She glanced at the goddess apprehensively and then took Eris's place between my legs. Lilith knelt behind her, and I heard Charis gasp and saw her catch her lower lip between her teeth as the goddess's fingers invaded her cunt, stimulating her to the brink of orgasm.

"Quick!" Lilith hissed, "now that the orgasmic power is strong in you, take the slave's prick in your mouth."

Obediently, Charis bowed her head and opened her lips around my bloated, purple glans. Sure enough, I saw her throat rippling and changing, just as Eris's had done. With an astonishing ease she slid my huge organ into her mouth, all the while caressing my balls with her cool soft hands, while her throat muscles massaged my shaft into the exquisite agony of yet another orgasm denied. Her deep blue eyes met mine triumphantly and her lips curled into a predatory grin as she bit down on the base of my cock with her sharp, white teeth. A bead of dark red blood oozed from the wound and her tongue emerged to lap it up.

"Oh yes, very well done my sweet girl," Lilith said, caressingly. She stood and rested her gloved hands on Charis's shoulders. "Now let me see you take him all the way into your tight little arse!"

Instantly Charis sprang up and straddled my waist. Facing me, she treated me to a display of her luscious young cunt, its lips swollen and thickly coated with glistening cream. Staring straight into my eyes and licking her lips, she put both hands between her legs and smeared her juices into the puckered ring of her anus.

Lilith bent over my body and held my massive organ upright between Charis's legs. Looking up at the goddess with adoring eyes, Charis pulled open the cheeks of her arse and sank down so that my glans butted against her sphincter. Closing her eyes, she pushed harder, until she felt the slippery, fist-sized monster invade her taut body.

"Yes, oh yes!" She cried out, as she buried more and more of my shaft in her hot, tight tube. 

It felt even more erotic than when Eris had taken me in the same way. Charis moved more slowly and sensually, and I could feel her flesh rippling around me as she slowly frotted her clitoris with her finger. All the time she held my eyes with hers, conveying the clear message that hers was the pleasure and mine was the pain. 

After what seemed to me like hours of agony, Charis at last built her orgasm to a slow, shattering climax. She writhed around on my impaling organ, crying out again and again with inarticulate ecstasy.

She slumped back, exhausted, into the Lilith's cradling arms. The goddess kissed her, slowly and sensually.

"Well done little one," she said. "I will make sure that you too will be proclaimed a Silver."

She lifted Charis up, so that my prick slid out of her tight arse, causing me yet more torture. 

With her arm still around Charis, Lilith summoned Eris to her side. The goddess's arms circled the waists of the two girls, drawing them close to her, so that their breasts were pressed against hers, their bullet-hard nipples rubbing sensuously against her slippery, oiled flesh.

"When you are Silvers you will both take my cunt juice into your blood and become my brood-sisters." Lilith told them, kissing each of them on the lips.

"Together we will destroy all those goddesses who oppose us. Then we will take and use as many slaves as we wish. No one will be able to stop us!"

I heard the sound of clapping behind me and of sharp heels striking the floor. Eris and Charis stood back from the goddess and bowed their heads as Mistress Leela came into the room. 

She was dressed in silver instead of her usual black. Her boots and gloves were made of shimmering scales, so thin and fine that they appeared to be a continuation of her skin. Her entire torso was covered with a delicate net of silvery threads, clinging to her body, tightly moulding the golden flesh beneath. The mesh that covered her generous breasts was carefully arranged so that her nipples, the width and length of the top joint of my thumb, thrust through holes in it, and I noticed that they, too, were encased in silver threads, so gossamer-fine as to be nearly invisible. The material was cut high over her legs, barely covering her sex-mound. Between the threads I could clearly see her soft, puffy labia. She stood close to me, deliberately taunting me with the sight and smell of her body. So close that I could see that her vulva was distended around a dildo, thrust deep inside her cunt. 

All the silvery threads of her costume shone as if with an internal light. They shimmered and pulsed, alternately contracting and relaxing as if caressing her body. From her slight, shuddering movements it was obvious that she was experiencing an endless series of controlled orgasms. As a result, her whole body glowed with such energy and power it was hard to look at her. Yet I could not turn my face away.

"Bravo Goddess!" She said, in her low, thrilling voice. "For too long have we held back. The time has come for us to act. To throw off the restraints that have shackled us. To consume what is rightfully ours and have no limit placed on our appetite! To rule the world as we would wish!"

"Go now girls!" She said to Eris and Charis, giving them a graceful gesture of dismissal. "You have done well. The goddess and I will complete the initiation of this slave. You have helped to usher in a new order, in which you two will play an important part!"

The girls glanced at each other with triumph in their eyes. Then they bowed to Lilith and Leela, turned and left the room. I was alone with the two whom I most feared, and whom I most worshipped.

6.

When Eris and Charis had left, Mistress Leela walked over to Lilith and handed her a small, black, cigar-shaped object about 2 centimetres in length.

"Use this," she said, "instead of the usual control device. It will key him to you and me with an unbreakable bond. No other goddess will be able to access him, I can assure you. Furthermore, you will be able to communicate your orders directly to him, no matter how far away you are."

"Thank you Mother." Lilith said as Leela let the object fall into her daughter's outstretched hand. "But you haven't explained why he is so important. He's only a slave, after all – even if he is spectacularly well endowed and has the stamina you promise!"

"I can assure you that his stamina will match his endowments!" Leela laughed, "and you will be able to test him for yourself in a moment." Her voice dropped to a whisper and became serious. 

"I haven't yet told you any of this, and I didn't want to speak while the two girls were present." Her voice fell still further, so low that I could barely hear. "He is the key to worlds full of men that we can enslave. Through him we can travel to any time up to 2,500 years in the past. We will have access to billions of men. You and I can feed as much as we desire and I will no longer have to pretend to be merely a Silver!"

I gasped as her words made me realise the truth. Leela was really a goddess! It explained much that had puzzled me about her. She heard my gasp and turned towards me.

"Yes slave – I am a goddess and have been one for many years. It was simple for me to alter the mnim expression within my genotype. However, I have no interest in wasting my time in petty scrabbling for slaves and power. So I have taken only so much energy as I can easily get. Although naturally my advanced knowledge and the technology I can command has allowed me to take far more than any other goddess would guess!"

"The costume that I'm wearing for example enables me to create dark energy within my body and to absorb it from many metres around." She turned to her daughter.

"I have one that was made for you. You'll find that it enhances your power significantly, once you learn to use it."

"Excellent, if it is as good as you say we can make more to sell to other households. Our credit has gone and I need more slaves!"

Mistress Leela laughed. "I assure you my darling, after today you will never need to purchase another slave!" She turned to me. "But come, we are wasting time. The slave is ready for you. Take his seed and make him fully yours!"

Lilith moved to stand on my left side. Then, facing my head, she slowly raised her left leg, lifting it across my body until it was horizontal. Her cunt was now brazenly displayed in front of my face. The petals of her labia were open, pink and glistening with her juices. Her clitoris was the size of bean, it seemed to throb and glow with a ruby light that pierced my eyes like a laser. The pungent, fragrant, intoxicating smell of her sex washed over me. I panted and salivated with need, pulling against my bonds as hard as I could in a vain attempt to worship her with my mouth.

Teasingly, she pirouetted, presenting the perfect globes of her arse to my gaze. Then she straddled my head so that I was gazing up at her bottom. Pulling apart her arse cheeks she revealed her oozing cunt just centimetres away from my straining tongue. "Come then," she said, "drink from the Goddess and learn the true meaning of desire!"

So saying, she sat down hard on my face so that my nose was buried deep in her arse and my mouth was covered by her wide-spread labia. She pushed her vulva hard against my tongue, and ground her rock-hard clitoris against my chin. Immediately I felt her sex-cream flow into between my lips. It was better than the most delicious, most intoxicating drink I had ever tasted. I sucked and lapped like a man dying of thirst, eager to gulp as much of her essence as I could, not caring that by drinking I was binding myself to her for ever, igniting a blaze of desire that only my death would extinguish.

My prick now throbbed with need so intense that it was beyond pain, as she lingeringly ran her slick-coated hands over my pulsating organ and aching balls. I felt her probing between my legs, her strong fingers pulling my arse cheeks apart. I felt the air, cold on my anus. Then a momentary stabbing as she inserted the cigar-shaped control device through the resistance of my sphincter.

The sensation was like no other that I had ever experienced. As soon as it was inside my rectum the control device came alive. I could feel it crawling through my intestine, the pain intense as its tentacles pierced my gut-wall and began to spread throughout my body. Almost immediately, I sensed that it had gained control over my ability to cum. Then I felt a cold shock as it reached my central nervous system. I knew from implanted memories that it was able to detach my autonomic from my central nervous system; this would make my orgasms more intense, my ejaculations more powerful, for the same reason that a female mantis bites the head off her mate at his moment of climax.

I was not prepared for the sensation that followed, as I felt my mind brushing that of the Goddess. I sensed an immense, alien cruelty and a vast hunger for power. Through her eyes I saw a vivid interplay of forces beyond my ordinary sight. I felt my weakness and her immense strength. 

Abruptly the contact was broken.

"He does not have the mind of a slave!" The Goddess said in astonishment.

"That is because he is from the past, when men were not born as slaves." Leela answered.

"But his soul is that of a slave!" Lilith said with satisfaction, grinding down harder on my face, suffocating me with the perfumed, silken strength of her sopping cunt-flesh. "See, he makes no effort to stop me. He would gladly die between my legs, wouldn't you slave?"

Again the steely power of her mind touched my weak will, and mentally I babbled my allegiance to her. Truly I wanted nothing more than to be her slave. Indeed, I would be happy to die of suffocation between her legs, as long as she continued to let me lap at her addictive cunt-juice. 

She laughed in the knowledge that I had fallen totally under her spell. I sensed her thrill of domination and mastery. She knew that I had become another worm under her boot-heel, to use and abuse for her pleasure. The ecstatic feeling of power pushed her body into orgasm. She began to climax with terrifying intensity, clamping her thighs so powerfully around my head that I thought she would crack my skull, while she flooded my mouth with more of her sex-cream.

Once her orgasm had subsided she cruelly raised herself from my mouth. She laughed at my moans of frustrated anguish as the source of intoxicating fluid left my lips and I wept like a baby denied the teat. Teasingly she lifted her cunt away and, with both hands, she spread her labia wider, within centimetres of my face. Then moving from my head, she deliberately began to rub her sopping cunt over the wounds the two girls had inflicted on my body. 

The pain poured through me, as blood pounded into my cock and balls. I could feel my metabolism racing, forcing my testicles to generate more and more sperm, driving the production process a thousand times more rapidly than nature intended. This time the pain was not localised to the base of my prick; it spread throughout my body and was compounded by an overwhelmingly intense frustration that surged within me. I felt that I had to cum or my over-extended heart would burst!

As if sensing that a crisis had been reached, the goddess at last took hold of my gigantic cock, circling it with both of her sex-soaked, slick-coated hands. Raising herself off my body, she turned around to face my head once more. Then, straddling my groin, she began to feed my monster organ into her hungry vagina. As she impaled herself she threw back her head and pinched a rock-hard nipple in each hand. Immediately her body began to shake in the throes of orgasm and she drove down harder on my huge pole, around which her cunt-lips were obscenely extended. At last I heard the words for which I seemed to have been longing for an eternity: "I give you permission to cum!"
