 A very, long, long time ago in Asia 

Alexa awoke with a start. Ran was still sleeping soundly. She snuggled against his warmth and thought about the dream; the dark -master-at-arms and the Khan's niece Lilli. She placed a hand on her belly, closed her eyes and thought of what was growing inside her.

Is this real? How could it be? Then she heard it. It wasn't really hearing, but more like a sensing.

I am real, mother. Rest, my dear and know that I love you.

She caressed her belly and whispered a response.

"I love you too, my child." She fell back to sleep, this time deep and dreamless.

The next day was a long hard ride up into the mountains. They camped in a windy pass and Ran Chi found a small cave large enough for the two of them. He built a private fire and went out for a long time. Alexa sat watching the flames dance around on the rocks. She instinctually held her hands against her belly thinking about the being of pure energy that grew inside her. Each passing moment made it more evident. When the seer returned, he had a small rabbit, skinned and gutted. He gave the fur to Alexa and prepared the meat to roast over the flames. Alexa rubbed salt into the fresh hide and rolled it up for later tanning. Once the rabbit began cooking, he settled next to her.

"Do you feel it growing inside you?" He too stared into the fire. It was hypnotic.

"I feel it," she said softly and her hand went to her belly. "It's a strange feeling, almost like an itch at the center of my body." He put his arm around her and hugged her close.

"I've never felt this way toward anyone," Ran said. She leaned against him and put her head on his shoulder.

"Nor have I."

"Lay back on the blankets," he said. She obeyed him but she felt no sexual energy stirring in him and wondered what this strange man was up to. He remained sitting cross legged.

"Close your eyes, little dove, and place your hand on your womb." Alexa put the palm of her hand flat on her belly. It was the first time she thought of having a womb, but it made perfect sense, and she was shocked she hadn't thought of it before. Ran placed a hand over hers.

"I'm going to sing our child forth." Ran began intoning nasal sounds that rose and fell through the scale. It was an eerie sound and Alexa felt herself floating in a warm, dark space. It echoed off the cave walls and soon she could hear many voices blending into a harmonic chorus. The melodious singing went on and on when suddenly she heard a familiar voice.

"Hello mother. Hello father." She gasped and opened her eyes. The Golden Orb of light floated above her between she and Ran. A tiny golden thread of light tethered the orb to her womb.

"Let me introduce myself to you. I am an ancient entity who has had so many names over so many millenniums that it no longer matters what I am called. This is the process of my regeneration. When a perfect seer mates with a perfect two-spirit girl, I am conceived. I use the word perfect, because there are many who think they are seers and two-spirits and act the parts, but they lack the pronounced energetic configurations required to draw me from the eternal ethos. When I am reborn you can name me appropriate to your customs. The best way to understand me is to know that I am pure consciousness of all things all the time. I am birthed into the world to remind humanity of this truth - all men are equal and essentially the same being, my being, the being.

"There have been some changes in the Khan's fortress. You must be very careful, father. The master-at-arms would like to do away with your sensible spirit-inspired council. And there will be forces suspicious of mother's presence. You must never forget, mother, that in the eyes of the higher cast, you are nothing more than a slave. Father, don't let your love for mother make you break any of the rules."

The singing no longer emanated from Ran's mouth, but it still echoed back and forth through the cave. When the only sound that remained was the popping of the embers, Alexa opened her eyes. Ran was staring at her.

"In public, you are my slave," he said and leaned down close to her. "But In private, you are my little dove." He kissed her softly on the lips. "Can you handle that?" She didn't speak right away. She stared into his dark eyes. After a few moments, Alexa smiled and quickly bit the side of his jaw.

"Fuck me right now," she demanded in a strong commanding voice. "The big bad wolf's bitch is in heat." Ran roared with laughter, scooped her to his chest and kissed her hard and long. He snaked his tongue into her mouth while his free hand began pulling away her clothes. Alexa reached between them and found his hardness stroking it through his tunic. When the front of her body was exposed, Ran caressed her softly from her delicate, slender neck down to her soft, smooth thighs.

"Master, I love you so much," she whispered but Ran shock his head and frowned.

"In public, I am your master. In here, I am..." She placed her fingers over his lips.

"The love of your life," she said, pulled the tunic ties and reached in for his cock. It was on fire and hard as a rock. It pulsated in her hand and she traced the large veins with her finger tips. He slid his hand between her legs and caressed her from her pussy to her clit. They stared into each others eyes.

"Please," she mumbled. "I love you inside me. It's the most divine feeling."

Ran continued to caress her with his finger tips. She moaned and squirmed as one finger probed her garden gate.

"Is this where you want my cock to go?" He pushed his finger inside her. She groaned as her whole body shivered.

"Yes, my love, right there while I look into your eyes."

He positioned himself between her open legs, pulled her close, leaned forward and rubbed the fat purple head of his stiff cock against her clit, back and forth until it became stiff as well. Gripping the back of her knees, Ran pushed her legs up and over until her thighs pressed against her chest. Her pussy was fully exposed staring straight up at him. He bent down and kissed the perfect rose bud. As he dragged his wet tongue back and forth inside the crevasse of her ass cheeks, stopping to probe her cunt, Alexa twitched and moaned.

Oh my God. He's really licking my pussy.

"You like that?" He asked grinning down on her. She smiled and nodded her head. "You want more?" She vigorously nodded her head grinning back at him.

Ran buried his face in her pussy. His tongue dove as deep as it would into her well of need before he shifted and licked her vulva sucking her sensitive flesh into his mouth. Finally he took her clit between his lips and into his mouth while he filled her cunt with a long, fat finger. Alexa almost screamed. She did pant and groan rocking her hips against his mouth, but Ran suddenly stopped. His mouth slid off her clittie with a little popping sound. His finger however remained inside her.

"I want to teach you something before we go on," he said looking down at her. He put his knees tightly behind her back letting her relax a moment. He placed her ankles on his shoulders. "I want to show you the basic energy centers of your body." Alexa wanted him inside her, and she frowned slightly. It only made him chuckle.

"This spot right here," he explained letting his finger slide out of her cunt. It made little circular motions around the area between her vagina and her vulva. "This is where your energy body connects to the Earth Mother. Each center is actually a few inches away from the physical body because your energy body is much bigger. It's as wide as your arms can reach out and around you. His hand moved to her lower belly between her still stiff clit and her naval.

"This is where your energy is concentrated right now. When you are sexually excited, dreaming or passionate about almost anything this energy center is full and dominate." His hand moved to her belly button. "This is your power center." He started laughing and caressed the soft skin of her belly. "You were shining like a bright star; right her in your power center, when you stood defiantly glaring at the Khan. That's why I took notice of you. It's good to remember that the Golden Orb grows inside your dream center, but it's nurtured by the centers on each side, power and your connection to the Earth Mother, Gaia." He slid his hand up slowly marveling at the softness of her skin until it rested between her hard, little nipples.

"This is your heart center. Do you love me?" He leaned down to better see her eyes. She smiled and placed her hand on his cheek and slowly nodded her head. She was out of breath and swooning. "That's because your energy is divided right now between your sensual center...," he caressed her lower belly, "...and your heart center." His hand went back to her chest. "I can see you are paying close attention, and that means you have energy in this center too." He touched the middle of her forehead. "That's the sixth center where you intuit things and see the truth." He moved his hand to her throat.

"The fifth center is here, where you speak your piece. In private, you can let your energy go here at any time, but in public, be very careful. That's when you keep your energy in the sixth center. Be observant."

He leaned way over and touched the crown of her head. His stiff cock head briefly brushed against her cunt and she flinched bringing a smile to his lips.

"The center at your crown is where your energy connects to the Great Spirit, the primal, all pervasive, infinite creative force that manifests this great universe out of its own energy. So..." He traced his hand from her crown down across her forehead, over her lips and throat, down the center of her body touching each energy center. When he touched her softening clit, he wrapped his finger around it and pushed his hips against her. The glans of his penis touched the opening to her sweet feminine center and she shivered.

While he had explained the energetic centers, Ran had smeared lubricant on his cock. When he sat all the way up, he was positioned perfectly. As her hips rocked back down, the opening to her fuck hole dropped right on top of his very hard cock. When her hips came to rest on the blankets, she was instantly half way impaled on him. She gasped in surprise. He pulled her tightly, pushed his hips forward and the rest of his shaft suddenly disappeared inside her. Then Alexa screamed.

He held her legs straight up. She could almost wiggle her toes against the roof of rock. Ran's head was rolled back and his eyes closed. His hips moved with a steady slow pace and his well oiled cock slid effortless in and out of Alexa's tight, hot hole. When he buried it deep, it seemed like she could feel it through the full length of her body. When he pulled it out, she experienced a cascade of pleasurable feelings that rippled up and down her torso. Her clittie was swollen and achy and Alexa took it in her hand and slowly fondled it.

As Ran's pace began to increase, he started making deep, guttural animal sounds with each thrust of his hips. Alexa loved that. Her own animalistic sounds began to screech and snarl out of her throat. She gripped his forearms and dug her finger nails into his flesh. They became two wild animals. Ran bared his teeth and growled. Alexa's head thrashed from side to side as she returned the growls bucking and slamming against him.

Suddenly Ran pulled out of her, flipped her on her stomach and pulled her hips against him slamming his cock back inside her gaping cunt. When he did, he let the beast out and Alexa followed suit. They growled, snarled, bit and clawed at each other as Ran fucked her with a frenzy of energy and passion. He pushed her away, rolled her onto her back, turned around and dangled his cock in her face. Her breath heaved in her chest. She slowly reached up, took the long, swollen cock in both her hands and pulled it to her mouth. He watched between them. When his glans entered her mouth, he leaned down and took her clit in his. They gently rocked and moaned. Alexa sucked and licked his large purple mushroom, and Ran sucked and licked her hard clittie. A fire storm of sexual passion began to surge up between them. His thighs and stomach muscles began to quiver. Alexa's whole body twitched. The velvety skin of his cock felt like heaven in her mouth. Ram felt the same way. Her clit was divine. Lips, tongues and fingers became wetter, more urgent and desperate to bring release.

Alexa felt it first. Bolts of lightning shot up her arms and legs. She was moments away from exploding. Ran's body contracted as his testicles tightened up. He grunted around her clit buried completely in his mouth, and his balls surrendered his seed. As he convulsed sending his semen gushing into her mouth, Ran's mouth became flooded with the sweet love juice from Alexa's climax. In the most perfect exchange of life force, they filled each others mouths with spurt after spurt of molten sexual lava. Tears of joy dribbled out of Alexa's eyes. At the center of this circular exchange of energy sat the Golden Orb. Ran and Alexa were like two planets revolving around a bright star. The experience was filled with so much beauty, pleasure and joy.

Ran continued to suck on Alexa's clit like a nursing child. He never thought he'd do something like that, but having her energy inside him made everything complete. Alexa drew out the last drops of Ran's semen and licked up and down the shaft devouring every speck of his seed. She was still holding his balls in her hand when he rolled away. She made a pouting sound and tried to hold on. Ran laughed and slapped her hand away. He turned around and curled up next to her.

"I had this wild vision as we made love," he said still breathing heavy. "I felt like we were two planets..."

"Revolving around a golden star," she interjected. He looked at her for a moment and then embraced her kissing her neck.

"I love you, Alexa."

"I love you too, Ran Chi."

"And I love you both." And they both heard it. The stared into each others eyes smiling. Ran rolled on his back.

"Quickly," he said breathing heavy. "Lie on top of me and put your womb against my power center." Alexa obeyed him and soon she felt all three of them were connected in some magical and indescribable way.

"We are one," the Golden Orb whispered. Alexa thought she could hear its voice in every part of her body. She also felt something intense and powerful radiate from Ran's body.

"We are one," Ran mumbled. And suddenly both lovers felt consumed in the energy of the orb. They were one with this mystical force that was growing inside the perfect two-spirit woman. Swept up in a whirlpool of golden light, they drifted off into a deep embrace with the divine.

Ran awoke with a sharp kick to his leg. From a strange dream fleeing a dark, faceless menace, he looked into the eyes of his master, Magus Khan. Alexa opened her eyes too, saw the great Khan and quickly looked away.

"This little bitch isn't going to make you soft, is it old friend?" Ran pulled his tunic ties together and stood up.

"She's just a fuck hole and a slave, my lord." Ran and Magus Khan looked at Alexa. She started to cover her nakedness and Ran slapped her hands away. The Khan laughed, reached down and squeezed Alexa's clit.

"Maybe I should take a boy slave to fuck," the Khan said. "All mine keep getting pregnant and I have to kill the little bastards."

"That's the price you pay," Ran replied," when your seed is so potent." Magus Khan laughed deeply.

"Is that how it works?" He slapped Ran's shoulder. "At least you can't make this one pregnant. What would we do with a little Ran Chi running around?"

"I think your pleasure would be doubled, my lord." Both men laughed as they exited the cave. Alexa scrambled to dress and pack up the blankets. Her legs were shaking with fear and anger toward the Khan.

Murdering bastard!

She took a deep breath and imagined her energy rising up to the center of her forehead. When she was calm she went outside careful to look no one in the face. Her hand kept rubbing her womb area, feeling joy and love each time she thought of the Golden Orb.

"Put your bitch on the empty pack horse," Magus Khan said to Ran. "I want you up front to discuss a few things before we arrive at the fortress."

Ran took her over to the horse and gazed into the animal's eyes.

"A new rider will be on your back," he whispered to the horse. "She is not experienced with a great and mighty being like you, so be gentle with her. Teach her to ride." He turned to Alexa, and held his hands for her to step in his laced fingers and vault up to the saddle. She looked at him incredulously. He looked back at her.

"What?" He asked impatiently.

"I've never ridden a horse." He snorted, reached under her arm pits and hefted her into the saddle.

"There's a first time for everything. Now you're not a horse virgin," he said, laughed and slapped her thigh. "Trust the animal. He'll help you figure it out." He leaned closer and whispered. "Ride two horse lengths behind me and no closer. Listen to everything we talk about."

Once the column of warriors started out and fell into a formation, Alexa felt more and more confident. The personal power of the animal between her legs was almost intoxicating. She hoped that one day she could ride like the wind. In front of her, two horse length ahead, her love and the monster rode side by side. She strained to listen once again drawing her energy up to the center of her forehead.

"Tell me something I don't know, Ran." The great Khan sat on his jet black stead and moved like they were one being. That fascinated Alexa. The symbiosis was beautiful in spite of the fact she wished she could drive a knife through Magus Khan's back.

"The spirits whispered to me, my lord. I was told something has changed at the fortress. I believe it conspiratorial and dangerous." The Khan laughed heartily.

"There is always something conspiratorial and dangerous at the fortress. I said tell me something I don't know." Ran chuckled too.

"Indeed that is true," he said to the Khan. "But I have the absolute feeling that this is something altogether different. Who can we really trust in the inner circle?" Magus Khan snorted.

"Trust is a luxury best distained. I have you," he said and turned in his saddle. "We've roamed these steppes together since we were children. You tell me who we can trust. I only have you." Ran didn't respond immediately. He knew the Khan was right. Trust was a luxury.

"I don't envy your position, my lord. I never have. I know there are those in the fortress that would like to take my voice from your ears, because I council truth. Unfortunately, we can trust no one." They rode for a long time in silence. Finally Ran resumed talking.

"I trust the little people the most, but they are easily bought. The higher cast serves only their base desires. They can be trusted to do nothing else. Your inner guard at the fortress is to be trusted the least. They have the means and at times the power for mischief." Ran turned in his saddle and looked behind him. His eyes fell on Alexa first, and then he swept them over the warriors that followed.

"These are the men to trust the most, your personal warriors. After that, it would be your armies that have little contact with the fortress."

"Alas you still haven't told me anything I don't already know." Ran chuckled and his boyhood friend, the great Magus Khan, smiled at him.

"That makes it more exciting," Ran said. "Let's face it; we never know when the hand of death is going to tap us on the shoulder and take us to glory." They laughed together.

"Indeed and today is a damn fine day to wrestle with death," the Khan said. He turned in his saddle and looked back at the entourage of warriors and at Ran's little two-spirit slave. He let out a warrior's scream of triumph and every warrior behind them followed suit. Ran nodded to Alexa, and she too found her voice mimicking the warrior's cry. Magus Khan smiled, kicked the flanks of his stead and began a full gallop. Everyone followed and Alexa clung to the saddle horn slightly terrified and greatly exhilarated. The Khan turned to Ran as the war horses billowed up a great cloud of dust.
