 Chapter 9

Leela was dressed again in the silver net that she had worn yesterday. Her firm breasts were throbbing with her controlled orgasms, while power palpably emanated from her. She attached a leash to my collar and dragged me towards the dais, now empty of all except the grey, skeletal husk of the man who had been called Frit. Leela led me through a hidden door at the base of the dais and we descended to a room supported by a tall central pillar. She touched this, and it opened to reveal a hidden cavity that was full of gently writhing, pulsing, blood-red tentacles, each of which led to a large, phallus-shaped spunksel. 

"A good spunking I see," she said, detaching the tentacle from one, taking it out and looking at it. Through the opalescent sides of the spunksel I could see that it contained about half a litre of swirling, viscous, white liquid. Dropping my leash, Leela pushed aside the tight netting that covered her cunt and inserted the tip of the phallus between her swollen labia. It stretched her so wide that her clitoris was forced out of its hood.

"Lick me, slave!" She cried.

I immediately fell to my knees and pushed my face between her legs. Grasping the back of my head with one hand, she thrust my mouth against her engorged clitoris, while pushing the spunksel into her cunt with her other hand. I lapped hard as she fucked herself on the fake penis, while my own, all too real cock, hopelessly became harder and harder. The swollen base of the spunksel pressed against my chin; it felt warm, soft and slightly damp, just like the skin of a real scrotum. Mercifully, my torment was soon over, as a powerful orgasm shook her, while I felt the spunksel contract as it emptied itself into her gaping cunt.

The sensation of a powerful electric shock passing through my body, and I was thrown backwards. I lay stunned, looking up at goddess Leela, towering above me, her entire body crackling with the energy she had absorbed from the now empty spunksel. She replaced it and took out another, which she placed into the bag attached to her belt. Then she re-sealed the cavity so that the pillar once more looked featureless.

"Time to test the gate!" She said, once more attaching my lead and pulling me after her down a long, winding tunnel, arriving eventually in her laboratory.

Once inside, Leela attached my leash to her belt, while she pressed it to make containers materialise from the floor. From them she quickly gathered a number of items which she put into her bag. I took little notice of what she was doing, my attention was riveted by her gate mechanism, which shimmered in its strange organic complexity in the middle of the floor. Leela kneeled to make some adjustments to the gate mechanism. Then she stood and faced me while her fingers traced a complex pattern over the studs on her belt. The whirling vortex appeared in front of us and for the first time in weeks I felt again the strange sensation as we passed through the time gate.

We arrived in a dark room that seemed somehow familiar. The smell was what struck me first. Plastics and oil seemed to be its main constituents and I gagged at the nauseating odour.

"Disgusting isn't it?" Said Leela, noticing my discomfiture. "This is what you men made of the world. How much better it is that you all became slaves!"

As she said this, I realised where I was. This was the laboratory I had left one night in another life, where I had worked before my enslavement. I looked around and saw that the light was on in my office, and with a sense of shock I saw my previous self, gazing into my computer screen.

"He can't see us," said Leela. "Our timelines do not intersect. But we can only travel to a time and place where you, as the gate, exist in your world. Just as we can only travel to my laboratory, where my gate exists in my world."

I saw my other self get up, pick up my coat and bag, and leave the office. I looked so weary, bowed and weak. It was strange to think what would soon happen to that other me.

"First things first," said Leela, after my previous self had left. "We must destroy your laboratory so that all trace of your gate will disappear."

"An electrical fire should do it," Leela said, "your equipment is so primitive that it will be easily destroyed."

She pointed her finger at an electric socket, and a line of blue fire arced from the tip of her crimson nail. Where it touched the socket there was a flash, and smoke began to pour from the fitting. Simultaneously every piece of electrical equipment in the room burst into flame. The laboratory very quickly turned into a raging inferno.

"Time to leave", she said. Her fingers danced once more over her belt and again we plunged into the vortex.

This time I immediately recognised the room in which we materialised. It was the bedroom of my flat. The bed was rumpled and the clock showed 3 o'clock in the morning. I realised that it was the night in which I had been taken to serve the goddess. Sure enough, I glanced towards the window and saw the imperious figure of another Leela, silhouetted against the light of the street lamps, while at her feet crouched the former me. In a flash they were gone, leaving their current avatars alone.

"I need to explore this world of yours," said Leela, "how do I access the Goddess-Web?"

I took her into my living room and showed her how to get Internet access on my laptop. Sighing at the primitive male technology, the goddess scanned through Web pages at an incredible speed. While she was doing this she ordered me to kneel under the table and to lick her cunt.

After about four hours my telephone rang.

"Shall I answer that Mistress?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied. "It is likely to be your place of work. The fire at your laboratory has been reported widely on your news media."

It was indeed the University to tell me that a disastrous fire had destroyed my laboratory and much of the building it was in before being brought under control. I feigned shock. I was told that, in view of the total destruction of my work, it was likely that my research fellowship would be suspended indefinitely.

After I had finished my telephone conversation I once more knelt beside my Mistress, who continued to scan Web pages at an incredible rate. Barely glancing at me, she ordered me to resume pleasuring her.

At last she rose, pushing me out of the way.

"I see what we must do, " she said, speaking more to herself than to me, "we need a great deal of money. We also need a place that is larger and more isolated than this. We can then begin to gather all those millions of men whose absence will not be missed."

As she spoke, she was walking around my living room, examining the furniture and fittings with undisguised contempt. She stopped by my sideboard and picked up a framed photograph that was on it.

"Who is this?" She asked. "Is she your Mistress in this world?"

The photograph showed a young woman dressed in a wet suit, her long, dark hair dripping with sea water. Behind her sparkled the blue Aegean sea and in her hand she held an ancient Greek amphora, encrusted with barnacles and coral.

"That is Thea Lucas, Mistress," I replied, "she's my, um, business partner"

In truth Thea and I had been lovers when that photograph was taken, six years earlier. Thea was four years younger than me. We had met when I was first a postdoctoral research fellow. Thea had been recommended to come and see me by a mutual friend. She was in the first year of her PhD research, studying marine archaeology in the eastern Mediterranean. She believed that she had discovered a new submerged Minoan site and she wanted help to conduct an instrument survey. The friend had told her that I was brilliant at making very sensitive scanning instruments from odds and ends, so she had come to enlist my help.

That was the beginning of a fantastic summer. We went to Greece together and I built the instrument she needed: a hand-held, waterproof, magnetic-anomaly detector. We dived together, explored the site she had found, and we became lovers. I suppose that we were drawn together by the fact that we were both orphans. My Father had died when I was young and my Mother soon after I went to university. Thea had lost both her parents in a car accident when she was eighteen. However, that similarity apart, our circumstances were very different. Thea was beautiful, extremely wealthy and very highly sexed. Thea had the confidence and assurance that come with inherited money. Her family had been Merchant Bankers for many generations. They knew how to invest money and how to make it grow. Thea had inherited that ability, as well as the money on which to use it. She had also inherited her love of archaeology, as well as an astonishing collection of ancient artefacts, from her great, great, great grandfather, Sir Arthur Lucas -- the famous Victorian excavator. 

At the end of the summer, Thea suggested that I patent the instrument I had designed and made for her and that we jointly start a company to put it into production. She put up most of the money and I contributed as much as I could. Our joint business, T&J Instruments, soon became well known in its own niche market and, since that first summer, I had designed half-a-dozen other instruments that the company made and sold worldwide. It was now a thriving small business, with a couple of dozen employees and a well-filled order book. Thea was chairman and I was technical director. I visited the company at least once a month and was in weekly contact with the technical manager. On a day-to-day basis the company was run by one of Thea's tame financiers, and recently I had come to suspect that T&J Instruments was being used by Thea as a cover for some of her other activities.

Towards the end of that summer we spent together, Thea had changed. It happened suddenly about a week before we were both due to return to England. One morning, I was feeling hung-over and didn't feel that it would be a good idea to dive, Thea, however, decided that she had to visit her research site, alone if necessary. The previous day we had explored a new part of the site and Thea was anxious to examine the structure we had discovered more closely. I begged her not to, pointing out the dangers of solo diving, but she was not to be dissuaded. So I came with her on our hired diving tender and watched as she slid under the water. She returned in about 40 minutes, looking exhausted, with her wetsuit torn. She wouldn't speak to me about what she had found, although I could see that there was a heavy object in her collecting bag. She deliberately hid her bag from me and made no mention of it.

After that day Thea became cold and distant. Strangely, however, she also became even more demanding in her sexual appetite. She insisted that we make love several times each day -- on the beach, in the sea and even in hotel restrooms. Even so, my attentions alone were clearly not enough to satisfy her. On the remaining nights of our stay, after we had made violent love in my room, she would get up and leave me. An hour or so later I would hear her return to her own room, which adjoined mine, clearly accompanied by a man. A few moments later I would hear the sounds of noisy sex through the wall. Sometimes I would see the men at breakfast the next morning, but never the same man twice.

When we returned to England, Thea and I remained friends and later became colleagues in the running of T&J instruments. We stopped having regular sex together, but would generally have a passionate fuck whenever we met. She never completed her PhD, being too busy developing and running her own business empire, of which T&J instruments was a very small part. And, with my work at CERN, our meetings became less frequent. Thea was beautiful and highly promiscuous, and it was clear that sex with me alone would never be enough to satisfy her. Indeed, I heard stories about how she worked as a lap-dancer just so that she could pick up more men. Recently there had been darker rumours about orgies at her country house on the south coast, as well as whispers about the treatment some of her employees received at her hands.

Leela was staring intently at Thea's photograph. "Yes!" She said, "I think she may be the key that will unlock this world!" She turned to me. "You will get her to come here." She ordered.

I was about to protest that this was an impossible task, I was not sure that Thea was even in the country, when the telephone rang again.

I answered and heard a familiar and beautiful voice on the other end.

"Darling, it's me, Thea. I've just heard on the news about your laboratory. Are you alright? You must be devastated. I'm going to come over right away, just stay where you are." Before I could say another word she had put the telephone down.

I looked at Mistress Leela. "She's coming over immediately," I said.

Leela clapped her hands. "Excellent!" She said, "Come, we must fetch Lilith."

Once more we stepped into the vortex, arriving again in Leela's laboratory in front of her gently shimmering time gate. 

Almost immediately I heard the now familiar roar of the mnimrast, shortly followed by the hideous creature itself. Its jaws and steak-knife teeth were flecked with foam and blood, while it chomped and crunched on what looked like a human skull.

I had fallen to my knees as the Goddess entered and I raised my eyes fearfully to meet her hard, fierce stare. The sexual urge ripped through me and my prick engorged rapidly as she held me in the cold flame of her eyes.

She saw me looking at the rast's champing jaws. "Yes 7833," she said in response to my unspoken thoughts, "the slave has fed me with his energy and now his body is feeding my rast. I consume all my slaves, both soul and body, and they give themselves to me gladly!"

The monster swallowed the last grisly morsel of its meal and Lilith dismounted.

Her beauty was blinding and her skin seemed to shine with a golden radiance. It was obvious that the energy she had absorbed during the ceremony had given her immense power. Waves of sexual heat poured from her, making me breathless with lust. 

Leela embraced her daughter and shuddered in orgasmic ecstasy at the mere touch of her lips. 

"Truly, you are a Great Goddess daughter. And I now know how to give you as much power as you wish. Come with us to this slave's world and I will show you how to gather the lives of millions of men."

"First, you will need this." From her bag, Leela withdrew what looked like a large ruby on a wide, gold choker.

She handed the choker to Lilith. "It's lovely Mother," said the Goddess, "what is it?"

"This is a device that I have programmed to allow you to understand, and to be understood by, those who live in the slave's world." So saying, she fastened the choker around her daughter's throat, where the ruby glowed like a menacing third eye.

All three of us now stood before the time gate as Leela's fingers flew over her belt. We plunged into the spinning vortex and once more emerged in my flat. This time it was daylight, but again the figures of myself and Leela were before us. "Come, we must fetch Lilith." I heard her say again -- then they were gone.

Leela explained to the Goddess what we had seen and the limitations of the time gate's function. She showed her daughter the picture of Thea and told her that she would be arriving shortly. The Goddess looked at the picture.

"Do you think she is potentially a Silver, Mother?"

"Yes Lilith, I do."

"Good, then I will make her my brood sister."

"If you do so, then she will become our instrument for the subjugation of both this world and our own!"

"But first we must test her. Slave, can she enter this place without your help?"

"Yes Mistress," I replied, "Thea has key to this flat and can let herself in."

"Good. Then we will prepare you and see what she does when she finds you. The Goddess and I will make ourselves invisible until we wish to be revealed."

From her bag, Leela drew a squat, silvery cylinder about 15 centimetres long and about 5 centimetres wide. She manipulated some studs on one end of it and placed it on the floor. Immediately it began to grow, until it had nearly reached the ceiling. Then it extended sideways for about 1 ½ metres before reaching downwards to the floor. It now formed what looked like a tall, wide frame made of thin, steel rods.

Leela made me stand inside this frame. She pulled my wrists upwards as far as they could go and pressed my wristbands against the upright frames, where they fastened themselves. Then she pressed my anklebands against the bottom of the uprights, where again they fastened themselves. I struggled briefly, but I knew it was hopeless. I was immovably fixed, naked, massively erect, and spread-eagled to a frame that faced the front door of my flat.

Next, Leela took a small bottle from her bag and from it she tipped an oily fluid over my shoulders. Using her hands, she massaged this into my entire body, so that I gleamed with oily slipperiness from head to toe. As the oil warmed, it released a musky, sexual odour that made my prick rise still further.

The next object she took from her bag was a strip of black material, which she placed over my mouth. 

As soon as it touched my skin it formed a perfect seal, effectively silencing me. "We don't want you blurting out the truth before she's ready for it, do we 7833?" Leela said.

Finally, from her bag she drew a small black cylinder, which she quickly extended so that it became a thin, tapering crop. This she placed on a coffee table next to the frame where I was bound.

Leela stood next to the Goddess and admired her handiwork.

"If she is truly a Silver she will not be able to resist a man in this condition," she said. "She will have to tease him, fuck him and beat him; even if her relationship with him is not that of Mistress and slave."

Leela touched her belt and a shimmering in the air concealed both her and the Goddess from my sight.

Chapter 10

For about half an hour I struggled to break free from the apparently flimsy frame. Despite, or perhaps because of my efforts, my erection grew rather than subsided. Eventually, just as I gave up and hung sweating in my bonds, there was a ring at the doorbell.

After a brief pause, and another ring at the bell, the door opened. Thea entered. She looked even more lovely than when I had last seen her about six months previously. She was wearing a charcoal grey business suit. Her long, black hair was held back in a severe chignon. The jacket of her suit was buttoned, with the swell of her generous breasts pressed tight against the material. Her skirt was pencil-thin and calf-length, but split at the side to show her glossy, black stockings. On her feet she wore black crocodile-skin shoes with pointed toes and a three-inch stiletto heel. She was obviously on her way to work, as she was carrying a slim, black, leather briefcase.

She saw me and did a double-take.

"Jake, is that you?" She said. "What's happened to you?" I saw her eyes widen as she took in my enhanced body and the size of my cock.

I struggled in vain to speak. "No need to try to explain," she said, seeing my predicament. Then, unexpectedly, she laughed. "Especially as I see that you can't!" she continued, looking at my bonds and my gag. Then she walked towards me, lithe and graceful as always. As she approached I saw, with a thrill of horror, the same predatory look flash into her dark eyes that I had seen in the eyes of Eris and Charis.

"You look fantastic!" She breathed, "those muscles and that cock!" She came closer and ran her scarlet-tipped fingers over my body.

"Mmm... good enough to eat!" She said, drawing the length of my oily cock through her fingers.

"I never knew you were into BDSM," she continued, "if only you'd told me, I would have added you to my stable of slaves a long time ago. Especially if I'd known that you'd be ready to build your body and make your cock bigger for me!"
