 Alexa-3
The Fortress of Magus Khan

I should have said this at the beginning of Chapter One. This story is dedicated to all the two-spirit people who have struggled to be their true, authentic self. The term "two-spirit" is taken from the Navajo Native American tribe who historically has revered their two-spirit people unlike contemporary Western culture. And most of all, it is dedicated to my good friend, Alexa, who inspired the story and has encouraged me from the beginning. She is an authentic two-spirit sister. I am grateful for her friendship.


A very, long, long time ago in Asia

Alexa opened Ran's pouch and greased his cock. She opened her clothing exposing enough of herself to fuck him. The remains of grease on her hand she wiped around the lips of her needy pussy. Alexa threw one leg over him. Her breath was quickening and her clit was hard. She moved her hips back and forth feeling his fat cock head against her hole. When he was in the right place, she pushed down and groaned softly. The head of his shaft popped inside her. They both sighed as she relaxed and gravity pulled her down slowly swallowing Ran's cock inside her. She rested on his hips and groaned.

Out of the darkness they heard, moaning, grunting and screams. The Khan and his men were fucking their victims before slitting their throats. Ran pulled Alexa to his chest and kissed her. The Golden Orb's glow was magical warmth radiating into them both, uniting them as one body and one being. Ram didn't move, and Alexa sat very still on top of him ignoring the horror in the darkness as they concentrated on the beautiful feeling in each others arms. His throbbing cock was engulfed by her tight, feverish cunt, and a climax caught them both by surprise. They shuddered together and exploded in spontaneous orgasms. His semen pumped deep inside her and she squirted all over his hairy belly. Their bodies twitched and spasmed as the orgasm rolled over them in multiple waves of ecstasy drowning out all other sounds.

"I love you, my little dove," he said as his cock continued to ooze out his seed inside her.

"My master...my man...my love," she whispered and moved her body from side to side feeling the delightful slickness of her love juice between them. Eventually they fell asleep with his cock inside her and the warmth of the Golden Orb radiating between them.

In the morning they began the last leg home. It was a long, hard ride and Alexa's butt became sore and raw from the friction with the saddle. Ran noticed her wincing and standing in her stirrups, but before he could try and help her, Chung the horseman rode along side and handed her a gourd of liniment. When Ran caught his eye, he smiled and nodded his gratitude.

When their entourage neared the fortress city, the Khan's trumpeter rode out in front and blew a long, loud announcement that the great and exalted Magus Khan had returned. They were still half a league away, but everyone in the fortress heard the far off trumpet, and a great bustle of activity began. The Khan's inner guard lined the wide central road from the huge front gates to the main palace. The villagers that lived outside the walls in hundreds of small huts and dwellings lined the road leading to the gate. His harem of concubines and wives bathed and adorned their skin with perfumes and sheer silk garments, each one hoping to be the one he called to his bed.

The fortress was a massive structure, more than five hundred years old, perched on a tall hill. It was first built by one of the Khan's ancestors, and generation after generation added to it to make it an impressive sight. Alexa was shocked at its size. She could have never imagined anything like it. The walls were solid stone and seemed to reach to the heavens. There were hundreds of warriors lining the rim of the walls. As the Khan's caravan of warriors, seer and slave girl passed the people on each side of the rode they obediently dropped to their knees and bowed their heads. The trumpeter blew again and the gates slowly swung open. Alexa was awe struck. Ran Chi dropped back alongside her as the Khan rode alone, first through the gate.

"Welcome to our humble home," he said and rolled his eyes with a grin. The sights and sounds inside the fortress were fascinating as well and Alexa looked around taking it all in. "Our little domicile is not inside the fortress, my dove. I'll take you home once the ceremonies have concluded."

"Do you call this place simply the fortress?" She asked.

"We call it the fortress, but on the map, it's called, Alamain."

"Alamain," she whispered nodding her head. "I've heard of this place, but never knew where or what it was."

"And how is your precious little bottom?" Ran asked her. She frowned and shook her head.

"I have a special ointment I'll gently rub onto the effected area. When we stop at the palace steps, the Khan and I will go inside. Stay with the horses. And by the way, he has made Rain a gift to you." Alexa caught her breath.

Rain? A gift from the Great Magus Khan? She could hardly believe it and leaned down putting her cheek against Rain's neck. She loved the smell of Rain's mane.

"I love you, Rain. You are so beautiful," she whispered and the horse snorted a reply. She gratefully slipped out of the saddle. Her poor butt was on fire. Chung came up behind her.

"So, one less horse for me to take care of," he said. She turned and smiled.

"Will you teach me how to take care of him?"

"If the seer's property orders it," he said with a twinkle in his eye.

"The seer's property asks respectfully," she replied. "I will help you in your duties if you teach me the proper care of Rain."

"Rain?" He looked surprised. "Only a girl would name a horse, Rain. Providing the seer agrees, you come each morning at sunrise, and I'll teach you everything you need to know."

"Thank you, so much, Chung." She kissed the side of his dusty, dirt smudged face. He stepped back and looked around feeling embarrassed and awkward.

"You shouldn't do things like that." Chung turned and quickly walked away leaving Alexa to realize she crossed a line. She focused her consciousness up to the center of her forehead and heard the voice of the Golden Orb.

Well done, mother. You are getting very good at refocusing your energy. Save your heart energy for father, but keep a look out for the Khan's niece, Lilli. She is important to our destiny. Keep your energy in the sixth center.

Just then, something caught Alexa's eye in a high window of the palace. It was a young woman with raven black hair looking down at her. 

"Lilli." She whispered to herself. The girl in the window quickly with drew.

Inside the palace, the Khan and Ran were greeted by the master-at-arms, Megara. He was tall, thin and had a curled mustache and a pointed goatee. His eyes were as black as coal.

"Welcome home, my lord," he said bowing low to Magus Khan. "Ran Chi, it's so good to see you again." He nodded his head.

"Megara, the pleasure is all mine," Ran said with a sincere voice, but all three men knew it was a veiled disguise.

"Ran my old friend, take off a few days," Khan said. "I will conduct some business of court that will only bore you to tears."

"Indeed it would, my lord. If you need me send word. I bid you both a grand evening." With that, Ran Chi left the palace and joined Alexa at the foot of the great stairway.

"Come my love. It's time to take you to your new home." Alexa didn't move.

"Ran, I can not."

"What?" His face looked puzzled.

"I can not sit in the saddle any more." Ran laughed deep, climbed on his horse and reached down taking her hand.

"Put your foot in the stirrup and sit side saddle in my lap." She did as he said, and although it wasn't perfect, it was better than sitting on her raw butt cheeks. He reached for the reins and led Rain behind them. He went the long way through the city, just to show it off. When they came to a small gate in the wall, Ran saluted the guard who quickly opened it and let them pass.

The ride took them in the waning light of dusk to a narrow canyon. Less than half a league from the fortress, they came to a stone dwelling built against a rock cliff face. After dismounting, Ran showed Alexa a small niche in the cliff where the horses would stay. There was a natural spring fed pool of water, and the floor was deep with sand. He pulled two cross beams across the entrance and filled a small stone basin with grain taken from clay urns. The saddles and reins were removed and together they brushed the horses while they ate.

"And now my love..." He scooped her up in his arms, kissed her softly and carried her to the door to her new home. It was pitch dark inside. When he set her feet down, he pulled her close, ran his hands down to her butt and gently caressed each cheek.

"Poor little butt. It'll be all better in the morning." He left her standing in the dark, and after a few long moments, she saw the sparks from his flint, and quickly a small fire started throwing its flickering light around the room. It was small but cozy. Alexa could tell it needed a woman's touch. She hoped he would let her fix it up. 

As if he read her mind, he said, "This has been a man's home for all my years. I would like you to make it our home." Suddenly there was a rap on the door and it startled Alexa. Ran simply smiled, opened the door and greeted an old woman and bid her enter.

"You came so quickly, Caree."

"When the great seer, Ran Chi calls, you don't think I sit around and play with myself do you?" Ran Laughed.

"Alexa, this is Caree. She too is a seer. She cares for the women of our clan. Caree, this is the two-spirit girl. This is Alexa, and..." He paused, looked at Alexa and then back at Caree. "I want to take her as my wife. The marriage will be a secret until I choose to announce it." Alexa was stunned and speechless. Caree clucked her tongue.

"You live on the edge of danger, Ran Chi. But I will do as you say. Let me have a word with her." Ran nodded.

"I'll go draw some water and bring in some dried fruit." After he left, Caree stared in Alexa's eyes and then looked at her lower belly. She stepped closer and put her hand on the two-spirit girl's womb. She didn't say anything but she grunted softly and patted Alexa's belly.

"It will be good to have someone with him; especially a two-spirit. Come to me from time to time, and I will teach you the ways of the feminine seers. I will also teach all about the local herbs and potions and how to concoct ointments and salves. I live in the next canyon toward the rising sun. Easy to find." The door opened and Ran returned.

"Take her hand," she said, and Ran stepped beside Alexa and held her small hand in his. "Feel your connection to the earth mother, Gaia. Extend your fibers into the heavens. Your energy now belongs to the other. Together you belong to Gaia and all of us belong to the Great Spirit. Place a hand on each others heart center." The faced each other and did as Caree commanded.

"Send your heart energies out into your mates' hands. Feel the energy come into your arms and enter your bodies. Let it consume you. That is love. You are one, now and forever." She clapped her hands together. Ran put his arms around his new bride and Alexa hugged him as hard as she could. She couldn't believe this had just happened.

"My work is done," Caree said and turned toward the door.

"Not so fast, old woman." Ran reached into his shoulder pouch and came out with a small leather bag. He handed it to Caree. "Thank you, dear friend." He hugged her and then kissed her mouth. Alexa also embraced her mumbling her gratitude.

"Enough you wanton lovers. Your sexual energy is spilling on to me." She fanned her face with her skirt hem. "Now I'll have to go play with myself." She laughed and went out through the door but stopped a moment and looked back at Alexa. "I have a nice fat lingam stone, as smooth as baby's skin to slide inside my itchy hole, but it's nothing like that snake between his legs." She laughed uproariously as she closed the door.

"So," Alexa said. "She's been bitten by your mighty snake?" Ran laughed.

"No my little dove; it's just legendary, that's all." Alexa smiled and reached down groping for the snake that was still asleep. That didn't last long. She worked her hand through the folds of his tunic and soon her soft fingers wrapped around his flaccid meat bringing it to life once again. Ran groaned as he came to full attention. She let go of the snake and unfastened his upper garments. When his chest was bare, she ran her hands over his hair covered muscles and kissed each tiny nipple biting them softly.

Next she dropped to her knees and untied his tunic letting it fall to the floor. His legs were like tree trunks and she ran her hands up and down them before removing his boots. Her eyes were locked onto his massive erect cock. It was so beautiful in the orange glow of the fire light. She leaned in and kissed the glans. A tiny drop of juice leaked out of him and she caught it on her tongue. As she was about to take it in her mouth, Ran pulled her to her feet, quickly removed her clothes and took her hand.

"We have something to do first," he said. He picked up a flaming branch from the fire and led her into the darkness at the back of the room. The sheer rock cliff made up the back wall, but when they neared, she saw a small hewn door way in the rock. He looked back at her and smiled. The tunnel wasn't long and it opened into a natural cavern. In the center was a pool and steaming hot water that trickled out of a hole in the rock, filled the natural tub-like basin and disappeared into another rock hole. Leading Alexa by the hand, he didn't hesitate. Ran walked into the water and sank down until all but his head was submerged. She quickly joined him and squealed slightly. The water was very hot. She nestled against him and he encircled her with his arms.

"Let me wash you my love." Ran dunked her head, stood her up and rubbed a soapy plant material all over her body. He had her raise her feet, spread her legs and arms scrubbing and washing every where and then had her do the same to him. She took particular time and care with his cock.

"Do you think it's clean now?" He asked chuckling. She shook her head, took it into her mouth and sucked on it until he groaned.

"Now it's clean and do you know what I want you to do with this very clean penis?"

"I'd rather just show you what I AM going to do with it." He turned her around and pulled him against her. "Tell me if I hurt your saddle sores."

"Don't talk my love, just...fuck me."

"Stand up." With her hips out of hot water, he reached in the small gourd that held the oily paste. He scooped a large glob on one finger and slowly worked it into her very tight hole. Alexa moaned as his finger went all the way in. He pulled her back into the water and held her ass cheeks apart. Some how her eager hole knew right where to go. When she relaxed against him, his cock head found her entrance. Ran pulled hard and his shaft sank in deep and filled her. They both sighed and he whispered in her ear as he kissed her neck, "My beautiful and precious wife. How I adore fucking you, Alexa dear."

"Yes, yes, yes, my husband." When she said the word husband, she broke into a little sob and started crying.

"Sweetheart! Why do you cry?"

"Because," she replied through her sobs, "I am so happy. You are my husband. I have life growing inside me. I have a home, and I have a horse." When she said horse she began to weep uncontrollably. Ran laughed, slowly slid his cock out of her, and just before the swollen bulbous head made its exit, he plunged it back inside. Her crying instantly stopped and Alexa started to pant rocking her hips against him and sloshing the water in the pool.

"If there is a heaven," she said through a moan, "This is what I want to feel when I get there." Ran only grunted as he began to fuck her in earnest. His hips began to move with more speed and force. His cock slid in and out of Alexa sending ripples through the water, and ripples of pleasure throughout their bodies. Faster and faster he slammed against her. Stroke after stroke brought them closer together, truly one body united in love, cock to cunt, soul to soul, heart to heart, they fucked long and hard until a great wave washed over them and exquisite pleasure exploded inside them. Ran once again filled his little dove with his seed in shuddering spasms of orgasmic joy and Alexa spilled her hot love juice into the hotter waters of Gaia.

The Orb's golden light flared brightly inside her womb, radiated through her skin and illuminated the cave. The walls and ceiling were studded with thousands of quartz crystals and it became a dizzying light display of golden color. The beauty was indescribable and Alexa convulsed in a second orgasm and collapsed against her husband. Ran held her tight against him. His cock still pumped his semen into her twitching body but he too found it difficult to stand. They gasped for breath. Ran kissed her neck and cupped her clit and vulva in his hand as Alexa's cheeks tracked with tears of joy.

"I love you so much, my little dove."

"Oh...my...my husband," she struggled to speak. She loved the sound of calling him her husband. She held her hands against her womb. She had never dreamt of such happiness. After they dried off, they curled up in bed on soft animal fur, entwined in arms and legs, and after a series of long, deep kisses they vowed eternal love and fell asleep.

Ran awoke suddenly to the sound of banging on the door. A frantic voice called to him.

"Seer, come quickly!" He leaped from the bed, wrapped himself in a blanket and opened the door. It was the Khan's niece, Lilli, crying and looking terrified.

"Come in. What has happened," he asked frantically? Alexa covered herself with another blanket and sat on the edge of the bed. Her heart raced, but she quickly calmed herself drawing the energy to the sixth center at her forehead.

"My uncle is barricaded in his inner chamber. There has been a revolt. Every guard that was dispatched to find you has been killed." She began to weep. After a moment, she composed herself. "I knew they wouldn't suspect me, so I came as fast as I could."

"Who has led this revolt?"

"Magara, the master-at-arms, of course." Ran nodded his head and looked at Alexa.

"Stay here with Alexa. Bolt the door and hide in the grotto. There's a special place where you won't be found." He turned to Alexa. "Across the hot poll on the back side of the cave is another tunnel with another cave beyond. They won't find you there." He took Alexa by the shoulders and looked into her eyes.

"If you don't hear from me by this time tomorrow take Lilli and ride south through the mountains."

"I won't leave you," Alexa protested.

"Nor will I," added Lilli, sniffling and wiping her nose.

"It's not a time for stupid heroics. If Magara comes out on top, he won't let either of you live." He leaned in and whispered in her ear. "Think of our child." Alexa growled and stamped her foot.

"You just come back, do you hear me?" Alexa's expression was stern. Ran made an angry face and glanced at Lilli.

"Do as I say, slave." Before she could respond, he quickly dressed, gathered up his belongings he used in battle and stormed out the door.

Alexa and Lilli stood staring at each other. Finally Alexa lowered her eyes and mumbled an apology.

"I'm sorry. I have misspoken. I'm just frightened."

"You're not the only one," Lilli said softly. "You don't need to apologize. Besides, it seems like you are more than a slave to the seer." Alexa nodded but continued to stare at the floor.

"Yes, I am a slave...in love with her master." Alexa went to the door and peeked out. Ran had already saddled his horse and was on his back in swift vault. She caught his eye as he rode away and watched until he was out of sight.
