 With a graceful spring, Thea seemed to soar up onto the top of her desk, where she stood with her legs apart. I knelt and gazed in worshipful wonder at the exquisite beauty of her endless, latrix-clad thighs and the swollen sex-lips above them, glistening with her arousal and pouring their lust-inducing, musky perfume into the air. She had become a true goddess, as exciting and terrifying as Lilith herself. Her eyes blazed with the same lustful hunger and pitiless cruelty.

She parted her naked labia, exposing her swollen clitoris, which seemed to throb with power, conveying a beam of energy that struck my penis and made it swell to even greater size. I bowed my head and held my distended cock between my fingers, thrusting it towards her in offering. As I knelt, I heard the door open behind me and a gasp of astonishment.

"Come in Nadia, come in William," the goddess said in her low, thrilling voice, "close the door behind you and get undressed immediately."

Strangely, there was no murmur of protest from either of the two, just the rustle of clothes being removed.

"Good," Theas said, "I like instant obedience. Now William, kneel beside Jake and copy what he's doing. In future, whenever you see my cunt exposed, you will fall to your knees and worship it, as Jake is doing, by offering up your pathetic cock. "

I glanced to my side and saw that William was a young man, fit and well muscled, with a good-sized cock. From the look of abject lust on his face I could see that he was just as deeply in thrall to Thea as I was. He gazed at her, open-mouthed, as his prick began to engorge under the energy beam from her throbbing clitoris. Acting on an irresistible impulse, William closed his cock in his fist and began to pump it eagerly, panting and drooling with sexual need. 

Theas's reaction was instantaneous. A searing blue flash darted from her clit into his chest, sending him sprawling backwards, clutching at his heart and moaning in pain.

"Don't you ever dare to masturbate without my permission, slave," Thea snarled at him, a look of terrifying rage in her burning eyes. "Your feeble cock exists only for my pleasure and to fulfil my needs. Do you understand?"

"Yes Thea," William mumbled as he struggled back into a kneeling position. He kept his eyes down as he took his still rigid prick between trembling fingers.

"And look at me you fool!" Thea yelled at him. "Concentrate on my glorious cunt, think how much you want it, how much you need it, how it's the centre of your universe!"

Reluctantly, William raised his eyes and fastened them once more on that drooling chalice of lust, as Thea beckoned to Nadia. "Come here my sweet," Thea said, indicating a spot in front of her.

The tall, beautiful girl moved to stand on the spot which Thea had pointed to. Her eyes were also transfixed by Thea's pouting sex-lips. Thea spread her legs wider until her cunt was level with Nadia's mouth.

"You may worship me with your lips and tongue my darling," Thea said to the girl, her voice low, thrilling and full of sexual promise.

Nadia needed no second bidding. Immediately she bent forward and began to lap her tongue along the length of Thea's labia. She gasped as Thea's juices flooded into her mouth. Moaning with sexual desire, Nadia thrust the perfect globes of her rounded arse towards us. Her hands grasped her smooth, café-au-lait coloured skin and pulled her arse cheeks apart, exposing the pouting fig of her inflamed sex to our lust-filled eyes. She pushed her face harder into Thea's cunt, slurping and licking as if her life depended on it. As she did so, her hands left her arse-cheeks and delved between her legs. Parting her labia with the fingers of one hand, she thrust the fingers of the other into the depths of her dripping pussy, pistoning them frantically, making her juices spray out over the tops of her creamy thighs. 

It took only a few moments for both women to reach a simultaneous orgasm. Raising their heads, they screamed their ecstasy together, their bodies shuddering in unison. 

Thea recovered almost immediately and knelt on the desk. Her hands, in their skin-tight latrix, stroked Nadia's generous breasts, tweaking her prominent, dark-brown nipples between her fingers. Nadia began to tremble and pant once more, until Thea closed her mouth with a lingering kiss. Within a few seconds Nadia was shuddering in yet another orgasm, her fingers once more frotting at her clitoris and delving deep between her cunt-lips.

Thea broke the kiss, licking with her pointed tongue around Nadia's pouting lips, as the girl gasped out inarticulate cries of passion. Taking Nadia's head in her hands, Thea bent her mouth to Nadia's ear and whispered into it: "would you like to fuck the men my darling?"

Nadia glanced over her shoulder at my prick and William's, both throbbing and iron-hard with need. She licked her lips at the sight of the two engorged tools that awaited her pleasure, and the lust sparked into her deep brown eyes. Turning back, she gazed into Thea's eyes. "Yes please, goddess," she said, her lovely voice dripping with sexual longing.

"So you shall my dear," said Thea, "but first you must use this..." 

Thea handed the girl the obsidian dildo; its dull, black surface glinting with faint blue sparks as she lifted it up to the light. I felt its power then, immeasurably ancient and alien, reflecting the same fathomless female cruelty that I had sensed when looking into Lilith's eyes. It was both horrible and strangely compelling. I knew it contained a power that could blast me to nothingness, yet at the same time it drew me inexorably. However, to judge by the look on Nadia's face, it would seem that, on her, the sinister object had the opposite effect. A look of longing came into her eyes as she took it from the goddess. Instictively she grasped it in both hands, and without hesitation thrust it hard into the depths of her soft, yeilding cunt. Its passage was eased by the copious juices of her previous orgasms and she screamed with a mixture of terror and ecstasy as it penetrated her body.

The effect on Nadia was even more intense than I had seen Thea experience. Was it really so short a time ago? Nadia's body arched backwards, so that her head was thrown between her legs. Lines of fire spread out from her vagina, snaking over her body in crackling, golden streams. Her hair was electrified, the thick, black locks twisting and curling as if with a life of their own. She was crying out almost continuously now, but still pumping the obscene black invader into her dripping cunt.

Thea looked at me. "Yes Jake, its power is much greater now than when I first used it. It has been absorbing energy from me. I expect that Nadia will either be instantly transformed into a Silver, or she will die."

Nadia now lay writhing face down on the floor. Her entire body was covered by a slippery sheen of golden oil. The musky scent of extreme sex pheromones wafted from her, making my prick and William's swell between our fingers. At last, with a few, final convulsive jerks, she lay still. 

At first I thought that she had indeed died. Then, suddenly, she gave a convulsive gasp and raised herself on her hands and knees. The black dildo still protruded from her swollen cunt lips, but as I watched, it slowly slid out of her. As it left her body she gave a great gasp and, kneeling upright, she caught it before it could hit the ground. She moaned as she cradled the slippery length in her palms. It seemed almost to throb with a life of its own as she closed her hands around it and brought it to her mouth. Shutting her eyes, she licked the head and slid it between her lips.

She opened her eyes again and looked at Thea. "Thank you goddess," she said, handing her back the ancient artefact. "Thank you for changing me. Now I understand the true meaning of sex. "

Thea swung her legs off the desk and stood beside her new Silver acolyte. She took Nadia's head in her hands and kissed her passionately. "I know!" She cried, "isn't it fantastic? Soon, when you are ready, I will make you into a sister goddess and together we will learn to dominate an entire world full of men!" She put her hands on Nadia's shoulders and turned her towards me. "For now you may use Jake as your fuck-slave, I give him permission to cum for you. I will deal with William -- he has to be enslaved and branded before we can use him properly."

With a cry of delight, Nadia turned to me. "On your back!" She ordered. I obeyed instantly and she immediately straddled my body, crouching down to rub the length of my cock between her moist palms. Then, moaning with delight, she grasped it in both hands and frotted the apple-sized glans against her oozing slit. I gasped with pleasure as the engorged nub of her clitoris thrust into my sensitive skin.

"Oh what a monster!" She groaned, "I must have it!" Slowly she began to feed my entire slippery length into her gaping cunt. She sank down, moaning with pleasure, until all 18 inches of my meat had slid into her tight sheath. Tweaking her engorged, thrusting nipples she pressed her pubis into my crotch, driving my throbbing prick as deeply into her body as she could, before riding me with wild abandon. "Yes! Yes! Yes!" She yelled, her taut muscles rippling and convulsing as orgasm after orgasm shook her body. "Now! Now!" She cried, "give me your cum!"

I felt the spunk surge up inside my rod, bursting out of my cock head and splattering against her throbbing womb. "That's it! That's it! I need it! Give me more, more and more!" She yelled at me through features convulsed in a rictus of ecstatic pleasure. As her orgasms became continuous, my balls emptied themseves into her again and again, her tight tube sucking up all the cum I was able to produce. Just before my body began to shut down, to protect itself from further damage, I heard the cries of William from the chamber next door, and I knew that he also was now Thea's slave.

When I regained consciousness a few moments later, I raised my head weakly to see Nadia crouching in front of Thea, paying oral homage to the goddess, while Thea herself was speaking into a slim, black phone.

"Hi Tricia," she was saying, "how is my favourite employment agent? Listen, I have a job for you. I need as many fit young men as you can get me, preferably by tomorrow. Qualifications aren't important -- they're for my "holding company"... yes, that's right, you know what I mean... Well... Get as many as you can and have them sent down to my place in Sussex. You can come too if you like... Good, I'll see you there, it'll be fun... Oh, and Tricia, if you can make sure that none of them have any close relations -- or relationships -- so much the better... Fine, bye then, see you tomorrow."

Thea put the phone down on the desk and gently raised Nadia to her feet, kissing her sensuously on the lips. "Get dressed my love, we're going down to my place in Sussex and we'd cause an accident if you walked out of the office looking like that! Oh, and wear high heels and leather -- you'll find they insulate you from losing some of the power you absorbed from the slave. Look in the wardrobe in the chamber -- you should find something to fit you. Choose what you like."

Nadia tore herself away from the goddess and swayed into the adjoining chamber, her skin glistening with a sheen of sex. Her arse-cheeks swung provocatively and between her legs I could see a few stray rivulets of my spunk. She paused in the doorway to look back at Thea and, leaning on the door-post she scooped up the liquid with her long fingers and licked it from them with her red, pointed tongue; for all the world like the cat who had got the cream. Then she smiled at Thea and turned away towards the wardrobe.

Thea looked at me and saw that I was conscious. "Get dressed Jake and go and help William. I think I was a bit over-enthusiastic with him. You're going to have to dress him and carry him down to the car. I think we'll take the Hummer. I need room and privacy." She picked up the phone again. "George," she said, "I need you to take me down to Sussex. Bring the Hummer to the office will you."

I rose to my feet, dressed again in my tracksuit, picked up William's clothes and went into the chamber, where William was inert and unmoving, suspended upright from his bound wrists. On his chest I could see the inflamed outline of the double labrys, where Thea had marked him as her slave. Behind me I could hear Thea barking a series of orders into her phone about how the business was to be run in her absence.

I untied William's wrists and began to dress him awkwardly. I was not helped by the fact that Nadia was close by, easing her slippery breasts into a tight red, leather bustier that seemed barely able to contain her firm flesh. She stepped into a matching, leather micro-skirt and cinched it around her narrow waist with a broad black, leather belt, heavily studded with glittering steel spikes. Then she pulled on long, black kidskin gloves, smoothing them sensuously onto her fingers and up her arms. Finally she selected a pair of red, leather thigh-boots, laced at the top.

"Jake, get over here!" She ordered. "Help me into these." She handed me the boots. As I knelt in front of her, she leaned back against a bondage-bench. Her tiny skirt did nothing to hide her glistening pussy from my hungry eyes.

She glanced down and saw where I was looking. She spread her legs a little and wriggled the skirt still higher up her hips. "Are you hard for me again Jake?" She asked.

"Yes Mistress," I replied.

"Show me then," she breathed.

Placing the boots on the floor, I removed my tracksuit bottoms, allowing my engorged cock to spring up.

"Wow, you sure recover quickly!" She said, licking her lips as she took in the length of my monster tool. "I might just have to use you again! But first, I'd better get these boots on. Thea was right, I can feel the power leaking away from me."

I loosened the laces and opened the throat of one of the boots as far as it would go, holding it up so that Nadia could wriggle her feet into it. "I need something to push against," she complained, ""hold the boot against your cock!" She ordered.

She pressed hard into me, the boot sole squashing my shaft and the stiletto heel digging into the sensitive flesh dangerously close to my balls. "Does it hurt?" She asked.

"Yes Mistress." I replied, controlling the cry of pain that came to my lips as she seated her foot firmly into the boot.

"It feels so good to have a man under my heel," she said, pressing harder, "I can feel that lovely huge cock all squashy under the sole of my boot. You're at my mercy, but I don't want to damage you, this time. I may need your services again soon."

We repeated the process with the second boot and, leaning back, she instructed me to lace them for her. As I did so, both she and I were very aware of how close my face was to her engorged cunt-lips and throbbing clitoris. I tried to concentrate on the lacing and ignore the maddening smell of her sex pheromones. 

I finished lacing her boots, and my torment grew worse as one leather-clad hand sought her cunt and her fingers delved deep inside, while she held my face against her thigh with her other hand. She panted as she drove herself towards an orgasm.

"Yes! Yes!" She screamed. Kicking out at me, she sent me sprawling backwards. She stood over me pulling up her skirt and straddling my legs. "I must have you now!"

Luckily I was saved from further torment by the imperious voice of Thea from the next room.

"George is here!" She said, "let's go. Come on Nadia. Jake, bring William."

As Nadia visibly struggled to control herself, I quickly put on my tracksuit bottoms, crawled over to where I had left William, and finished dressing him as quickly as I could. By this time he was beginning to groan and stir.

"Where are you?" Thea shouted, "come on, we haven't got all day, I want to get down to Sussex." Nadia drew herself up to her full height and strode out of the chamber with a contemptuous look at me. 

"Hurry up Jake," the girl shouted venomously at me over her shoulder, "am I going to have to punish you for holding us up?"

"Sorry Mistress," I muttered, bodily lifting the comatose William as I did so. I knew that it would be pointless and dangerous to argue with her.

"You can punish him if you like my darling," Thea said. "Punishing a man makes me hot for sex, and I expect that it will have the same effect on you now." 

Thea put her hands on Nadia's hips and positioned herself in front of her. She looked her protégée up and down lustfully, smoothing the girl's skirt over her thighs. "I was wrong about you causing an accident if you went out naked." She said. "You're far more likely to stop the traffic looking like you do now. You are devastating sweetheart!" So saying she gave Nadia a deep kiss, pressing her body hard into that of her new acolyte. Nadia returned the kiss with passion and shuddered as another orgasm hit her. Laughing, the two women left the room arm in arm, while I struggled after them, carrying William.

When we reached the basement car park, George, Thea's butler, had the Hummer waiting by the lift with the rear door open for his Mistress. As she appeared, George knelt down. Thea extended her foot towards him. "You may kiss my toe" she said coldly.

I knew that George had been Thea's butler for many years, he had worked for her Father before he died. I had no idea that he was also her slave. 

"Is your cock hard George?" She asked him, as he reverently kissed and licked the pointed toe of her shiny, black latrix boot.

"Yes Mistress," he answered, without looking up at her.

"Good George," Thea responded, "now I am your Goddess, not just your Mistress you will be hard in my presence at all times. Show me..." George knelt back, without raising his eyes and unzipped his flies. His cock spang out with surprising vigour for a man of his age.

"What a pity!" Thea said, "now I can't punish you for failing to be erect. Never mind, I'll punish you anyway when we get to Sussex and then you can masturbate for me."

"Thank you Mist... ah, Goddess," George said.

"Well done for correcting yourself George. Don't forget again! Now, kiss the toe of Mistress Nadia's boot and then drive us to Sussex. And keep your eyes on the road at all times."

Nadia laughed as she extended her foot for the willing tongue of the compliant George. Allowing George only a short time to worship the boot of her acolyte, Thea kicked him away. "Get in the car!" She ordered, "we have to get going. Jake, put William in the back!"