 Chapter Sixteen

Between us, George and I carried the bodies of William and the six unconscious security guards down into the basement, through a door that led directly from the gym. The basement had been converted into a long corridor running the entire length of the gym, with at least 10 cells and a shower-room on either side. Each cell was the same, about two meters wide and three deep. There was no furniture in any of them, apart from a simple bed with a rubber mattress and a blanket , beside each bed was a tall, locked cabinet. Each room was fully equipped with a range of suspension points screwed into the walls, with rings, chains and shackles attached. Although none of the cells appeared to be occupied, George said that he used one of them and he indicated that I should use another while I stayed at Ashlands.

We dumped the comatose bodies onto separate beds and George attached a shackle to one ankle of each man, chaining it to a ring in the wall. He covered each naked body with a blanket, then shut the door to the cells and locked them. 

When we had dealt with the last guard, I turned to George. "Look," I said, "I must eat. The Goddess has drained my energy and I know that she'll use me again as soon as she can. I must try to regain some strength."

George nodded and, unspeaking, led me through a door that led under the main part of the house into the huge basement kitchen. He indicated a massive refridgerator. I opened it and began pulling out anything that I could find, stuffing food into my mouth and swallowing almost without chewing, I was so ravenously hungry. I drank pints of milk and beer indiscrimately, but the alcohol had no effect on me at all.

"You'd better get some sleep," George said when, at last, I had eaten and drunk my fill. "The Goddess will call you soon I think. There are speakers in each of the cells, so I expect she'll summon you direct. You can find your way to her room, can't you?" 

"Yes, I think so – I assume she still has the same bedroom at the front of the house?" He nodded and silently we made our way back to the cells. I chose one at random and, after stripping off my clothes, I collapsed onto the bed, pulling the blanket over me. I immeditely fell into a deep, dreamless sleep as my drained and exhausted body sought to recover its strength.

I was woken by a violent shock from my implanted device. For a moment I writhed in agony and looked wildly round, wondering where I was. The the voice of Thea came from a loudspeaker in the ceiling. "Did that hurt Jake?" Her voice was soft, but utterly unsympathetic. 

"Yes goddess," I answered. 

"Good. I got your attention. I need you up here now!"

"Yes goddess," I said getting to my feet, still groggy from sleep. I had no idea how long it had been, but I did feel refreshed and my strength was beginning to return. 

"Run!" she shouted, for good measure giivng me another shock through my implant. Needless to say I was out of the basement, through the library and up the stairs in an instant. As I ran through the library I could see that the sky was beginning to lighten. I guessed that it must have been about 5 o'clock in the morning and as I passed through the hall I heard the great long-case clock strike that time.

I knocked on the door of Thea's bedroom and heard her voice imperiously telling me to enter. I opened the door and immediately sank to my knees. The goddess and Nadia were standing together in front of one of the two floor-length windows that looked out towards the rising sun. I saw that Nadia now wore white latrix boots and gloves, their surface slick, clinging like a second skin and glistening in the early-morning light, their pallor contrasting erotically with her glistening, coffee-coloured skin.

Both girls turned to me, and Thea strode towards me. I bowed my head and offered my erect and straining cock to her, holding it out between my fingers and thumbs as I had seen the slaves do in that future world. Thea gestured for Nadia to join her.

"You see what we could have when the rule of the goddess is complete, my darling!" Thea indicated my huge, throbbing organ and Nadia licked her lips, lustfully.

"Are all slaves' cocks as big as yours in the future, Jake?" She asked, her voice full of need.

"Not quite as large, Mistress," I answered truthfully, "but most are much larger than in our day."

"Let me show something else," Thea said. "Get up now Jake, and come over here." Thea walked towards the huge, circuar water-bed that dominated one wall of the room. At its foot, she had set up the silvery whipping frame, which Leela had given to her. "You know what to do, don't you Jake?"

"Yes, goddess," I replied. Walking over and standing in the centre of the frame, I raised my arms as high as they would go. I touched my wrist-bands to the frame, where they immediately became fixed, as though firmly welded. Then I moved my ankles apart until the bands on them were similarly caught and fastened.

Nadia came over to look at me. "Amazing!" She said, "he's completely at our mercy!" She tugged at my wrists, testing the strength of the bonds, then slapped my cock hard, before grasping it in both hands and tugging it towards her greedy cunt.

"Wait!" Thea commanded, "There's something else you need to see." As Nadia stood back, Thea touched the thick, silvery-grey material of my belt. At once the slick-silk began to creep across my flesh. Involuntarily I gasped as the material pulled at my hairs, devouring them and my dead skin; giving me the sensation that a giant sticking plaster was being torn off all around my body. Within a few moments the suit had done its work, covering me entirely and then retreating to leave me completely hairless, my skin smooth, oiled and glistening.

With a squeal of delight, Nadia began to run her slick-coated hands over my body. "I love it!" She cried, "he's so gorgeous, so smooth and muscular" she turned and looked at Thea, "can I have him now?"

Thea smiled, indulgently, "Of course you can my darling, do what you like with him. I'm going to go down and see what George has done with the other slaves. When you've finished with Jake, come down and help me. Bring him too, if he can still walk!" She laughed, and looked into my eyes, "Jake, I give you permission to cum for Nadia!" So saying, she turned on her heel and left me at the mercy of the girl who yesterday had promised to punish me. Looking at the cruel lust in Nadia's eyes, I realised that mercy would be the last thing on her mind.

As soon as Thea had left the room, Nadia threw herself at me. Squashing her huge, firm tits into my chest, she rubbed her crotch up and down against my rock-hard meat.

"O god, I need that pole of yours inside me now!" She breathed into my ear, "but don't imagine that you're going to get away without that punishment I promised you. As soon as I've taken the edge off my cock-hunger, I'm really going to enjoy making you suffer!"

She levered herself up by pushing down against my shoulders , straining my arms as I hung in my bonds, until her cunt-lips opened wide over the massive helmet of my prick. "O god, yes... Yes... You're really stretching me. O god, it's fantastic, you're filling me up... Yes, yes, yes, yeeeesss!" The final word ended in a scream, as she impaled herself fully on my huge rod. I could feel the walls of her cunt rippling round me and spasming as she went into orgasm. "Now!" She yelled, "I want your cum now! Give it to me! Feed me your spunk!" The fingers of her gloves had retracted, and her long, sharp nails raked bloody furrows down my back as my body obeyed her orders and my balls pumped spurt after spurt of jism into her suctioning vagina. She threw back her head and howled as she pulled more and more sperm from me, her body shaking in continuous orgasm.

Although my balls continued to serve her, I suddenly began to realise that I could control them. While Leela had given me the ability to just withstand the full onslaught of a powerful goddess such as Lilith, or now Thea, she had also given me power enough to control the amount of energy that a lesser goddess, or a mere Silver, was able to take from me. Consciously I found that I could slow the rush of my sperm into Nadia's voracious cunt, although the pain of denial was so bad that I trembled with the effort and the sweat poured off me.

Nadia sensed that my trbute to her was lessening, as her orgasms subsided. With what I could see was a considerable effort of will on her part, she ordered me to stop cumming. The relief as my orgasms subsided was immense, and I slumped, exhausted against my bonds as Nadia dismounted from me.

She stood in front of me, her melon-sized breasts heaving and drenched in a glistening mixture of her sweat and mine, as well as the oil that covered my body.

"I really needed that," she breathed, "I could feel your energy flowing into me, feeding me. The feeling's just fantastic!" She prowled round my suspended body. "Stand up straight!" She ordered, and as I did so she ran her tightly-gloved fingers over my back, making me wince as her fingers touched the wounds she had given me. "Look at you," she hissed, "so muscular and strong and yet I completely dominate you. I just can't tell you how wonderful the power is – knowing that your strength and your huge cock are mine to control and use in any way I like." She came round to stand in front of me again. She looked down at my penis, which had once more regained something near its full length and thickness.

"O god, that cock of yours. How do you manage it? It's just so big again. I was going to beat you, but I just can't resist it!" She knelt down in front of me, cradling my balls in her palms. "I've always loved cock. It's my one weakness – the bigger the better, and yours is such a monster!" With a cry of delight she sucked my glans into her mouth. Suddenly she bit down hard, her sharp teeth sinking deep into my firm cock-flesh. I gave an involuntary scream of pain and she lifted her head and looked at me with a cruel grin. "But this way I can have my meat and punish you as well!" 

"First the pleasure," she said. She sucked me once more between her her soft red lips and swallowed as much of my rod as she could. Grunting with delight she massaged my prick with her tongue and the walls of her throat, rolling my balls between her fingers, until I was gasping with frustration and attempting involuntarily to fuck her mouth. Suddenly she pulled away so that my cock left her lips and slapped hard against my stomach. 

"And now the pain!" She held up her hands and showed me how the tips of her latrix gloves had drawn away to reveal once more her wickedly sharp nails. Then she dug them into the sensitive skin at the base of my scrotum, so that once more I screamed in agony.

After raking my skin for a few seconds, she sat back on her heels and looked critically at my cock, now with blood trickling from the wounds inflicted by her teeth and her nails. "Well, it doesn't seem to have got any smaller. I wonder if it can get any bigger?"

With that she spread her thighs wide and thrust her fingers, now covered once more in skin-tight latrix, deep into her oozing cunt. Reaching out to my crotch, she rubbed her fluids into my wounds, causing me yet more pain. But I was prepared for this, and no more than a stifled cry escaped my lips. She looked disappointed at my muted reaction, but continued to massage the cuts she had inflicted with more of her vaginal mucus. The effects were not long coming, as I felt her hormones surge through my bloodstream. Although nothing like as powerful as those of a goddess, her secretions were more than enough to make a visible difference to the length and thickness of my prick and the size of my balls.

Nadia licked her lips in satisfaction as she saw the results of her handiwork. "Oh that's good," she said, "it can get bigger, how wonderful! Now – where shall I put it? Here..." She thrust a finger into her cunt, then shook her head, "No, it's already been there. Perhaps here..." She lifted her bottom and reached behind her to thrust a finger into her anus. "I'm not sure, I might have to get you to lick me there first, and you're not really in a position to do that are you? So really, I shall have to just carry on sucking you, and this time I want you to cum for me again!"

Once more her soft, pillowy lips closed around the head of my cock. While one slippery, gloved hand wanked my shaft, the other was pressed hard onto her clitoris, so that she began to orgasm as soon as the powerful jets of my spunk began to spurt into her sucking mouth. Swallowing gobbet after gobbet of my sex-fluids, the rapacious young succubus began to drain me dry. Once again, however, I discovered that I was able to control the amount of energy that I let her take from me. Indeed, this time it was somewhat easier than before. 

As I consciously slowed the amount of spunk I produced, I had to pretend to slump once more in my bonds, acting more exhausted than I really felt. Nadia, however, appeared to be satisfied. Although she hadn't taken all that I had to give, she had certainly drained a lot from me. Her body was glowing and vibrating with energy, her breasts were larger, her nipples thrusting out from her golden aureoles like fat, juicy, purple grapes. 

Her long black lashes swept upwards and she flashed me a look of lustful cruelty from her huge dark eyes. "I think I'm just about ready to face the day now!" she said. "I was always told to start with a good breakfast. But somehow, I think that today, one just won't be enough." 

She reached out and slapped my penis, now lolling against my thigh rather than standing to attention. "I don't think I'm going to get much more from you just yet, so I'll have to go and see what's available downstairs."

She rose to her feet with feline grace, turned on her heel and began to walk towards the door. Just as she reached it, she paused. "Oh – I suppose I'll have to release you. What a pain!" She turned back to me and touched my ankles and wrists. As she touched the last, my bonds sprang free. Feigning more exhaustion than I felt, I allowed myself to collapse to the floor. She kicked me hard with the sharp, pointed toe of her boot. "Useless slave!" She hissed. "Kiss my boot to thank me for releasing you."

I groaned and rolled onto my stomach to hide my burgeoning erection. I ran my tongue over the smooth, shiny surface of her boot. "Oh!" She cried, "oh that's fantastic, it feels as if you're licking my clit! Don't stop!" She commanded, although I had no intention of doing so, "do it harder!"

I licked for all I was worth, hearing her above me shuddering into yet another orgasm. After a series of moans and gasps, she at last kicked my mouth away from her. "That's enough for now," she ordered. "When you can get up, you'd better follow me down, I'm sure the goddess has work for you to do."

I lay with my face pressed into the carpet until I heard the door close behind her and the sound of her heels clicking away down the stone stairs. Cautiously I got to my feet. I felt pretty sure that Thea would have this room covered by CCTV cameras as well. Somehow I knew that she liked to film herself as she dominated her slaves, and I suspected that she would also use the recordings to blackmail some of those that took part. However, I slso felt sure that she would have other things on her mind at the moment. 

Pausing, I searched my mind for the link that I knew bound me to Lilith, and which she had handed to Thea temporarily. After a moment's reflection, I felt it; nothing like the rushing torrent of strength that was Lilith, but the same rapacious, cruel energy nevertheless, and a power that was growing minute by minute. I withdrew before I could alert her to my presence.

Making my mind as dumb and incurious as I knew a slave's should be, I left the bedroom and slowly walked down the stairs. Glancing at the clock I saw that less than an hour had passed. It was not yet six o'clock and I was ravenously hungry again.

The rest of the morning passed in a blur of activity. After eating and drinking as much as I could, I helped George with household chores. Thea and Nadia had ordered Willaim and their six new slaves into the gym, only reluctantly allowing them to have breakfast first, only so that they could recruit the energy that the two succubi would drain from them. George and I could hear the mens' cries as the goddess and her acolyte took their pleasure with them. 

At about 11:30, Thea summoned George and me into the gym. Five of the security guards were strapped to benches, and all of them were motionless. William's face was buried under Nadia's bottom and he was writhing beneath her as she suffocated him between her thighs and sucked on his spasming prick. Thea was seated on her throne and Chris was strapped beneath it, his face positioned so that he could lick her pussy, which he seemed to be doing even as Thea talked into her mobile phone. George and I knelt at the foot of the throne while Thea continued her conversation.

"Yes Sir Anthony," she purred into the mouthpiece, "you did hear me correctly. You are going to sell me the shares that I want, even if it does give me a controlling interest. I hope that I don't have to remind you that I possess a certain amount of, let us say, information, that I am sure you would not wish to come to the attention of the tabloids." There was a pause from the other end of the phone and eventually Thea spoke again. "Thank you Sir Anthony, I knew you would understand the wisdom of obeying me. My lawyer is already on his way with the papers for you to sign. I hope that in future that you will agree more readily when I offer you the opportunity to demonstrate your obedience to me in business matters. If you do not, I may not offer you the opportunity to obey me in other ways. Yes, Sir Anthony, I hope too that you will soon have that opportunity again. Good bye."

Thea put down the phone and shook her head, "men are so weak and easily dominated" she mused to herself, "get them by the balls and the rest will follow. No wonder the age of the goddess has arrived!" Then she ground her cunt hard into Chris' mouth. "Lick me faster slave!" She commanded. Massaging her massive, firm breasts, she tweaked her rigid nipples between her fingers and thumbs as she reached an orgasm whose energy radiated out and made my cock even harder with frustrated longing for her tight cunt, so brazenly displayed in front of me.

As her orgasm subsided she seemed for the first time to notice that George and I were kneeling before her. "Jake and George," she said, "I'm sorry to say that you're going to have to dress to receive the next batch of my slaves. Tricia is bringing 10 of them and they'll be here in about an hour. George, you fetch the usual indemnity papers. Jake, you'd better make sure that these slaves," she gestured at William, now motionless beneath Nadia, and the exhausted security guards, "get fed and then taken down to the cells. When Tricia arrives Jake, you can show her to the green bedroom. I'll tell her that she can amuse herself with you for a couple of hours. George, you take the new slaves into the waiting room and get them to sign the papers, then you can give them something to eat – they'll need to keep their strength up!" She smirked, "as soon as they've eaten, send them into my study one by one. I'll enslave them there."

Dealing with William and the former security guards was relatively easy as none of them was completely unconscious. Although they were very weak, as a result of the energy that Thea and Nadia had drained from them, they were at least able to stagger down to the kitchen. Luckily Martha had already prepared lunch, so there was little for me to do but make sure they were fed and then take them back to their cells, where they were happy to collapse onto the beds. I didn't even bother to shackle them or lock the doors – bound as they were to Thea by their implants, they would be unable to escape, even if they wanted to. In fact, I knew from the very few words that were exchanged over lunch that they were more than happy to stay, for however long Thea and Nadia wished to use them as sex-slaves. Already the huge surges of testosterone now coursing through their bodies had begun to take its toll of whatever sense and intelligence they had once possessed.
