 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"You really don't know how the world works, do you?"

That was Anne's mother, Patricia, again. She was right, of course; Anne had but a feeble, limited working of this turbulent world. And, dear reader, I'm sure that you're as clueless as Anne, as the inner-workings of this reality is far more different than those on earth. But we'll get to that later. 

You see, Anne and Patricia had been cooped up in a remote home, far from the rest of the world, living in almost total isolation. There were a few locals here and there, but Anne had no companionship of her own beyond her mother (which was strained as she began to mature out of her coddling). Furthermore, she barely knew that there was even a world outside of their small house. She knew of mathematics, mechanics, and some of the history behind those figures (ever hear about Grothendieck? Look him up sometime), but was never allowed a more in-depth look.

Oddly enough, to Anne, most of the figures she knew of in her studies were men, and she couldn't remember a single man she had ever met. Not even one she had seen in the store or anything - all women. This hardly bothered Anne as she was strictly into women, but it did strike her as peculiar. 

Anne really didn't know what the world was like.

The quaint setup of the two women led to quarrels sometimes, but eventually it seemed as though Anne was more and more correct about their state of life as their funds and resources depleted. It was obvious that Patricia was trying to shelter her from something she perceived to be sinister, but there was little Anne could do to figure out what it was exactly. The most she understood about the world was through seeing retail workers sometimes and the occasional bio of a scientist in her textbook.

But Anne was right about their funds, their position, and the bizarre nature of her life. Eventually, due mostly to the first reason, they moved from their quiet town, with Patricia taking up one of her old jobs (that she, naturally, refused to tell Anne much about) in a big city far, far away. The two took up residence in, what Anne would learn, was an "apartment" which also had some new inventions, such as "running water." Overwhelmed by the sheer amount of new toys to play with, Anne's initial excitement rarely dissipated. 

As it would turn out, the family moved during summer, and while Anne was plenty advanced in some subjects, she was woefully behind in others. Being 18, she would have to rectify these things at the local high school come August. While Patricia knew her daughter would be getting an education on the arts, she also knew that she would be educated about the whole world that was erased in their old home. 

---

Upon showing up to her high school for the very first time, Anne noticed that most of the girls dressed very different than her. At first she thought it was because of the weather, as it was much warmer here than in their last home, but she quickly threw that idea away as she began to really think about it. Skirts so short they barely covered half of a girl's ass, pantyhose everywhere, white see-through blouses with black bras. Everywhere she looked, she found someone new to stare at. And still, she couldn't find any men.

From what she could tell of her schedule, it was as she had expected it to be - some STEM classes early on and some literature ones later. She couldn't help but feel out of place in her baggy jeans and hoodie, while also knowing little about what any of her peers were talking about. What was all this about "fucking" and "dick" going on?

"Umm I said hi?"

After breaking out of her daydreams again (she saw a couple of busty girls making out in the hallway, who could blame her?), Anne quickly noticed the girl in front of her vying for her attention. 

"Hi there," Anne responded awkwardly. 

"You're new here, right?" Anne started to quickly mull over her. She stood about 5'9", tall but not too tall. She had brown hair and blue eyes, with some freckles here and there. She seemed to have nice boobs and wore a button-up with maybe two buttons actually in use, and below were the tightest yoga pants Anne had ever seen. "Y-yeah, really new," Anne again responded awkwardly. 

It was at this point that Anne felt a familiar feeling: that of her dick pressing against the fabric of her jeans and panties, and her pussy starting to feel wetter and wetter. She didn't know what she was supposed to do whenever this happened, but she did enjoy it nonetheless. 

"What's your name? Did you go to school around here?" mystery girl persisted. 

"I'm Anne and no, I just went to school with my mom," she answered, not knowing how weird this phrasing would sound.

"Well if she's anything like you, I'd love to go to school with her too," the girl said with a brief, but playful, lip bite. Anne didn't really know what to say here, but she wanted to know what this girl was talking about - she hardly wanted to lose her first acquaintance. 

"What are you talking about?"

"You're wearing too much but you've got some nice tits if you ask me, and I bet you got them from your mom" the girl responded, as bluntly as could be. 

"I'm sorry, I really don't understand," Anne innocently answered. She was anxious that she would scare off the stranger, but instead the girl started to chuckle. 

"Don't you know what nice tits are?" she said with a smile.

"I'm not sure what 'tits' even are," Anne responded, clearly blushing at this point. 

"Oh my God, you really don't know? Like you're not just fucking with me now are you?"

"No, I really don't know!" Anne responded, starting to laugh with the other girl at this point. 

"Well, my name's Bree, and here are some nice tits for you to get the idea."

And with that, Bree unbuttoned her last two buttons and revealed her C cup tits to Anne, who stood dumbfounded, gawking at them. "Whoa those are... really nice... Should you be doing that here? I thought you weren't supposed to...?"

"Well usually you can't at school, but look, we're in senior study hall now," Bree responded, keeping her tits fully on display. "Everyone here's at least 18, so everything's free game," she said with a sly grin. 

"What do you want to do then?" Anne questioned.

"Do you know what 'fuck' is?"

"I don't think I know that one either," Anne answered. "...but if it's as nice as 'tits' then I'd love for you to show me," she added, finally gaining some confidence. 

With a smile, Bree pushed Anne against the wall, making out with her roughly as Anne tried to answer back by sucking on her tongue, not knowing what to do but enjoying every second of it. Bree reached down to Anne's jeans and made quick work of them, but stopped soon after. 

"Holy shit. You're a fucking futa?"

"I DEFINITELY don't know that one," Anne responded. 

"Oh my God, I definitely have some explaining to do then," Bree laughed as she pulled Anne's panties off with a quick swoop to free her 8 inch girldick. "Fuck, that's such a nice one too. Some of them are too big for me and my sister, but this one is just right." Bree went on talking about Anne's dick as she tried to pick up on the new vocabulary, but mostly just felt extreme pleasure as her new friend licked all over her package, getting it nice and wet before she started taking it down her throat.

Anne, unbeknownst to her, didn't last long. Bree estimated she came down her throat about 3 minutes after getting her pants off. It was her first orgasm of any kind, and it was down the throat of a nice and extremely sexy young woman. Anne, needless to say, was liking this world much more than her earlier one. Since it was her first orgasm, Anne had no shortage of cum to pump in the poor girl's throat, as she soon noticed this and pulled out, letting Anne cum on her tits a bit as well. 

"With the formalities out of the way, maybe I can answer some questions for you now," Bree responded, giving Anne another smirk as she swallowed what she could of her cum.

---

Bree sat Anne down away from the other students, who noticed their meeting but were quickly distracted by a similar one going on. "Okay, so tell me what you DO know about the world" Bree questioned. 

"I really don't know anything, just my math books and whatever my mom told me," Anne answered honestly. 

"Wow, this is gonna be so fun."

Bree informed Anne of the unusual history of their world. Up to a certain extent, it was just like ours. The same historical figures, events, people, the whole shebang. But a certain someone had changed the "ordinary" life of the world, and this someone was Natalie Jennings. Long known to be an orphan, her origins had always been a mystery - spawning theories ranging from a divine presence to the wish of a genie to biological morphing and everything in between. 

Natalie Jennings was the first "true" futa. In some ways, she was the mother of everyone in the world when Bree was schooling Anne. She had long platinum blonde hair, was short with perfect curves, and possessed a gargantuan 11 inch dick hanging between her thick thighs. Her presence among women was supernatural; they fawned over her immediately. Women who were happily married would leave their family life in a flash to devote themselves to pleasing her. 

Yet unlike many of history's leaders, Natalie was beneficial in her power. She impregnated some 40 women over the course of her life, each of them growing to become beautiful futas such as herself. These futas all had a similar effect on women that their mother did; it's believed that one of these "first daughters" impregnated as many as 200 women in her lifetime. 

Despite their ample time to fuck the world's most beautiful women in whatever way they desired, these futas were up to other things as well. Due to their unconditional support by at least half of the population, they were easily electable and could quickly alter existing laws to make the world a more beautiful, desirable place. Man's problems of climate change, social inequality, and even diseases began to dissipate within only a couple of generations with these new leaders.

Although there were only a couple thousand futas after a couple of decades, women by and large became only interested in them and, to a lesser extent, each other. They no longer were attracted to their husbands and, consequently, stopped reproducing with them. Women would pay top dollar to be knocked up by a futa, and often marry another woman to raise the child together. While all of the first three generations of these children were futas, Natalie's gene slowly began to deplete as women were born alongside futas as well, and slowly futas were barely being born at all.

At this point, it was estimated about 2% of the living population was a futa. The rest were biological women, or the occasional trans woman. So having a new dick to herself was quite the commodity, Bree knew.

"So wait, in my textbooks I thought people only get married to one person at a time? And never to their family members or anything?" Anne questioned, her two sex organs getting increasingly disturbed. 

"Maybe like, a long time ago. But now, most futas have at least two or three wives that stay home to take care of the kids. Futas excel in many subjects still and are obviously the desire of every woman still, so they usually don't have much time for the home life," Bree answered. "And are you kidding me? It would be soo hard to get dick without my mom and sister."

Anne almost froze; she couldn't imagine doing anything with her mother. "So you..'fuck'... your sister too?"

"Well, she doesn't have a dick, but we definitely make each other cum whenever we can. It's easier to get futas to notice you when you're with someone else, especially a family member. It was like, really taboo in the day for families to fuck, but now it's just kind of a dirty thing that turns people on," Bree patiently explained to Anne, who was feeling a wave of mixed emotions now.

"In fact," Bree continued, "there are even traditions based around that." 

"Traditions? What sort?"

"Welll... of course I've never seen it... but whenever a futa turns 18, she gets the day off of school, and her mom comes in her room to take her virginity. Or, since I know you don't know what that means, she gets her first fuck." Anne listened, and the thought of her having her mom seemed more appealing as this beautiful woman explained things she never would have dreamed of.

"After that first day, a young futa can pretty much fuck any girl she wants, and it's actually a problem these days because so many of the smart ones just lay around and fuck all day when they're supposed to be doing things." Bree went on. Anne could feel her dick pressing against her jeans more and unbuttoned them again to let it breathe as Bree went on.

"It's super rare that another girl takes a futa's virginity, so I'm soo excited I get to take yours."

With that, Bree put her finger under Anne's chin and brought it up so she was eye to eye with her, and shoved her tongue down her throat just as roughly as before. Anne felt her dick get harder than it had ever been as she jerked it a little, getting it ready for her new friend. Bree, meanwhile, tore her yoga pants down to her knees while her eyes fixated on Anne's fat cock, eyeing it as she hurried to get undressed.

"I'm on the pill so don't w- actually, don't worry about anything, just relax," Bree reassured Anne. Slowly but surely, Bree lowered herself onto Anne's dick, rubbing it against her clit first as she already felt close to cumming. Anne gasped as she felt how tight Bree's pussy was, and squeezed onto her tits for dear support as Bree continued to let herself come down until the entire cock was inside her.

"Fuckk..." Bree moaned, and as she rose back up to ride the futa, she had an unexpected surprise. Anne came immediately inside Bree, filling her up with more of her cum. Bree laughed lightly as she continued to press down on Anne's dick, once again letting her dick come up all the way inside of her. She felt Anne's cum spurt up more and more inside her as she rubbed her own clit and came soon after in that position.

"That was... so amazing..." Anne moaned out in bliss.

"Mmmh that was but... usually it lasts a little longer, haha," Bree gasped with her. 

"I-Is something wrong? Should it have taken longer?" Anne questioned, concerned but not as concerned as she looked at the beautiful woman on top of her.

"No! Not at all; it's always quick the first few times."

"Are there going to be other times now?" Anne questioned, excited at the prospect.

Bree got off of her, letting the cock fall out of her tight teen pussy, while a glob of cum came out with it. "Are you kidding? You can fuck any girl at this school!" Bree answered as she licked Anne's dick clean, savoring her delicious cum. "So yeah, we can definitely go again. I can't wait to tell my sister all about you!"

Anne got hard again as she noticed Bree licking the cum off of her balls and pussy, giving her more new sensations she wasn't aware of. Bree noticed and started jerking her cock, getting it ready for round 3. "What's she like?" Anne moaned through her pleasure.

"She's kinda like you in a way. She's also a virgin, but only because she's never had cock in her pussy before." Bree licked Anne's clit lightly and played with her balls while watching her skyscraper of a cock tower above her face.

"She just takes it in her mouth?" Anne responded, going crazy from how skilled Bree was.

"And her ass! Mostly her ass," Bree answered, ever patiently, in-between licking Anne's clit and balls. 

Anne pushed her back for a second. "Her ass? Really? Can we try that too?"

"Now you're thinking like a futa!"

Bree got off of her knees and turned around, giving Anne a great view of her thick ass. She lowered herself once again on the futa's cock, this time pushing it into her asshole. Anne quickly realized it was way tighter and less wet, and felt even more resistance here than with Bree's pussy. Anne had already cum so fast twice today, and despite her best efforts now, it looked like that streak wouldn't be broken yet. 

"Doesn't that feel nice?" Bree moaned as she put her hands on Anne's knees before lowering herself about halfway down. "I probably can't get it all in there - you're too big" Bree moaned as she slowly began to get into a rhythm with her riding. She could only ever get about 6 inches of girlcock into her tight teen ass before she had to raise back up again, but Anne hardly cared. Of course, Bree only had to raise and lower herself about six or seven times before Anne felt the pressure becoming too much. "I'm gonna do it!" she announced, still not too familiar with her huge new vocabulary.

"Do it and I'll have my sister lick it out later," Bree turned around and replied, biting her lip after. 

Anne felt like she was in a whole new world of pleasure as she filled up the girl's third hole, almost screaming in pleasure this time. Bree noticed and slowed down, letting Anne's orgasm subside as she finally raised up off of her, again letting Anne's dick and some of her cum pull of her.

Both of them caught their breath for a brief moment, before Anne broke the silence for the first time.

"Are you really going to do that?"

"Why don't you come to my place after and find out?" Bree replied, taking a fingerfull of cum and putting it in her mouth.

Anne gasped picturing it as she relaxed once again, looking at her new friend. She definitely liked this new world much better.