 Chapter 12

Thea was as good as her word. She attached me once more to the frame and anointed my wheals with her cunt-juice, so that my prick rose once more to throbbing fullness. Then she used her mouth, cunt and arse to make me pour out a seemingly endless stream of seed in homage to her new-found goddesshood. I rapidly became hollow, drained and exhausted, while Thea sucked power from me, growing ever more lovely in her shining beauty and exulting in her increasing strength and domination over me.

At last, when I was too weak to stand, she finally allowed me to rest. She released me from my bonds and I slumped, sprawling to the ground. Kicking me with the sharp toe of her tight, shiny thigh-boot, she told me to go and find some food to recruit my strength.

As I was crawling my slow, painful way towards the kitchen there was a swirling in the air beside me. The vortex re-appeared and Leela stepped out of it. Ignoring me, she strode across my prone body and handed Thea a piece of paper.

"Your future self has asked me to give this to you," she said.

Thea glanced at it. "Fantastic!" She said, "stock prices for next week. I'll be able to make a killing!" After kissing Thea on the lips, Leela once more disappeared into the time vortex.

"Remember," she called as she faded, "in five days' time I will see you again and you will have twenty slaves for us!"

"Get on with it Jake!" Thea shouted at me, looking up from the paper in her hand, "why are you hanging around?" Painfully, I continued my crawl into the kitchen. 

I finally made it , and discovered that I was ravenously hungry. Pulling everything out of the fridge and the storage cupboards I crammed my mouth with raw meat, cereal, bread and chocolate. I gulped down as much as I could, scarcely bothering to chew, while I washed the food down with milk, wine and beer. At last I felt I could stuff myself no more. My strength was beginning to return and I was able to walk normally back into the living room. 

Thea stood in the middle of the floor, dressed once more in her black skirt and jacket, but retaining her latrix gloves, boots and corset, which were now black to match her street clothes. She tapped the crop impatiently against her thigh.

"It's a pity," she said, "but you'll have to get dressed. So hurry up or I'll make you squirm!"

I ran into my bedroom and pulled open my wardrobe and drawers. Nothing seemed to fit my new, heavily muscled body. Eventually I found a tee-shirt and track suit that fitted and luckily my feet had remained the same size, although it felt strange to have trainers on my feet again.

Thea was furious when I returned to the living room. "You fool!" She shouted. "Why aren't you wearing a suit?"

I apologised and explained my predicament.

"Very well," she said when I had finished, "we'll get you something more appropriate later. Now let's get on -- we're going back to my office."

Thea drove like a demon in her Aston Martin DB8, weaving through the traffic and accelerating so fast that I was pinned back in my seat. We screeched to a halt at the back of her City office and Thea operated a remote control that swung open a gate to an underground car-park beneath the building.

Thea threw the car to a halt by a lift. "Out!" She shouted, "I need cock again, quickly!" She pushed me roughly through the doors of the lift and pressed a button. We rose swiftly to the top of the building and the doors opened onto the wood-panelled lobby that I recognised as the entrance to her sumptuous office and the board-room of the old-established private bank which she had inherited.

Nadia, Thea's beautiful Eurasian secretary, rose from her desk as her boss came out of the lift. "Mr Vissarovich is waiting to see you," she said.

"Excellent," replied Thea, "he's exactly the man I need." She looked at the paper which Lilith had handed to her in my flat. "But first, I want you to get William to do some deals right away." With that, she rapidly reeled off a list of stocks to be bought and sold. "Have you got that?" She asked as Nadia's hands finished flying over her keyboard.

"Yes Thea," Nadia responded. She looked at Thea with her huge brown eyes, and in them I recognised the expression of undisguised lust that the newly created goddess was engendering within her. Unconsciously her hands began caressing her breasts, and I saw her the outline of her nipples appear as they hardened and pressed against the fabric of her crisp, white blouse.

Thea had also noticed Nadia's actions. "Do I excite you Nadia?" She asked, standing in front of her secretary with her hands on her hips and her legs apart.

With an effort Nadia put her hands back onto her keyboard and looked down, her long black lashes sweeping over her eyes. "Yes Thea" she admitted in a barely audible voice.

"I'm glad!" Thea responded, "That's as it should be." Turning on her heel she strode to her office door, turning back to Nadia when she reached it. "Just give those instructions to William and tell him to get on to it immediately. Then show Mr Vissarovich into my office. You can come in yourself about twenty minutes later -- and bring William with you." She beckoned me to follow her into the room.

"Now Jake," Thea said as she strode across the room to the full-length window. Standing at it, she looked out onto the private garden below. "How shall I deal with Nikolai Vissarovich?" The question was obviously rhetorical so I said nothing. "He is going to be useful to me, but should I break him first?" She tapped with her crop against her booted calf. "On the whole, I think it will be more fun if I break him. Oh," she said, turning to me," he will have a bodyguard with him. But he's probably an unregistered alien, so they'll be no problem if I fuck him to death later." She motioned me to stand just behind the door. "Stay there," she said, "and keep quiet. As soon as I move towards Nikolai you must make sure the bodyguard doesn't reach for his gun. We don't want to frighten the neighbours."

Thea sat behind her desk, switched on her laptop and gazed intently at the screen. An instant later there was a discreet knock on the door and Nadia ushered in a short, thick-set man with dark hair, greying at the sides and brushed stiffly up across his head. He was followed by a blond, muscle-bound giant.

"Nikolai!" Thea said, glancing at her screen, "I see that you're in a spot of bother with the authorities. Is that why you've come to see me?"

"It's nothing I can't handle," Nikolai said in a thick, Russian accent, standing in front of Thea's desk and looking down at her.

"Of course it isn't!" Thea replied in a soft, sexy voice. She stood up and came round to his side of the desk. Standing close in her stiletto-heeled, latrix boots, she towered over him, his eyes were almost at the level of her lush, swelling breasts. I saw him gulp as her pheromones hit him and I sensed the convulsive effort he made not to bury his face in those firm, fleshy mounds. He shifted uncomfortably, trying to adjust his rapidly swelling erection inside his tight, tailored pants.

"I just need your help with a few transactions Thea," he said, his voice husky as if his throat had suddenly gone very dry.

"And you shall have it," Thea said, lightly trailing her hand over his chest, "but in return I shall need you to do one or two little favours for me." I noticed with a thrill that the latrix covering had drawn back from her fingers, revealing her pointed nails that glistened like fresh red blood.

He gulped as she moved behind him, her breasts brushing his arm lightly as she passed. "What can I do for you?" He asked, his voice hoarse with barely contained sexual need.

"Oh, I just need as many illegal immigrants as you can get me." She said. "Only men." She walked over to the bodyguard and looked him up and down. In her heels she was the same height. "What about Boris here?" She asked, "Can I have him to start with?"

"Uh, sorry Thea," Nikolai turned to look at her, "he's with me."

"Pity," Thea said thoughtfully, looking down at the huge bulge that was now tenting the front of Boris' pants. "It looks as if he would prefer to be with me."

It was obvious that Thea's pheromones and her provocation was too much for the blond bodyguard. A wild look came into his eyes and he made a sudden lunge towards her, with obvious sexual intent. Immediately I leapt forward and pinned his arms to his sides. He struggled, and he was certainly very strong, but with my enhanced body I easily overpowered him.

"Tut, tut," Thea said, stepping back towards Nicolai, apparently unconcerned. "He seems to be a bit of a beast, doesn't he? It's a good job that Jake was here."

"I'm sorry Thea!" Nikolai said, "He's a bit rough, but you're so fucking beautiful and sexy..."

"Oh, do you really think so?" Thea once more towered over Nikolai, her voice dripping with false sweetness, "how nice of you to say so." Suddenly a look of fury flashed into her eyes. "Then why aren't you on your knees worshipping me?" She flung out her hand at him, fingers pointed; a bolt of energy shooting from each crimson talon. Nikolai crumpled like a puppet whose strings had been cut, grovelling on the floor at her feet.

Boris grunted and struggled to free himself from my imprisoning arms when he saw his employer falling to the floor. Thea heard the sound and turned to us.

"It's alright Jake, you can let him go." Uncertainly, I relaxed my grip. The blond bodyguard instantly threw himself at Thea. But before he could reach her, he too was hit by the goddess's energy bolts and dropped, pole axed to the ground.

"That's where slaves should be, on the ground at my feet," Thea said, looking down at the two men who were writhing and jerking in agony beneath her. "So, why are you still standing, Jake?" 

I made to lie on the floor, very unwilling to suffer the same agonies as Nikolai and Boris, even at the hands of my goddess Thea. "Wait!" She said, before I could do so. "Why are you still dressed. You should know that slaves must always be naked." 

I immediately threw off my clothes and lay down on my front. Peering up, with my head still lowered, I could see that Thea was stripping off her jacket, allowing her large, firm breasts to spring free -- her proud, jutting nipples stone-hard tips to her dark aureoles, cupped and displayed by the tight, shiny latrix of her corset. Next, she skimmed down her skirt to display her swollen cunt-lips glistening with the dew of her permanent sexual arousal, only an inch or two above the tops of her skin-tight, latrix boots.

Nikolai's jerking movements were slackening and he began to groan in pain, while the bodyguard was unmoving and apparently unconscious. Thea kicked Nikolai with the sharp toe of her boot, drawing from him a hiss of pain. This was immediately followed by a gasp of lust as he looked up to see the erotic figure of the goddess towering over him, her sex so blatantly displayed.

"Right you little shit," she snarled at him, "get undressed and be quick about it, or you'll suffer my wrath again."

Unquestioning, with a look of fear replacing the lust in his eyes, the Russian began to tear off his clothes to reveal a body that was beginning to thicken, although still well-muscled, with a good-sized cock that, inevitably, was hard and erect under the influence of Thea's sexual powers.

"That's better," she said. Striding over to a panel in the wall, she pressed a hidden button. A concealed door swung open to reveal a dimly lit chamber, which I could see at a glance had been fully equipped with whipping posts, means for suspending slaves and racks of whips and dildos.

"Welcome to my parlour, slave," Thea said, kicking Nikolai again. "Now let me see you crawl in there." She turned to me. "Take the clothes off that useless hulk and bring him in with you when he's naked. Normally you'd only enter my chamber on your knees, but in view of the circumstances I'll let you walk this time!"

The bodyguard was groaning and beginning to regain consciousness as I began to remove his clothes. When he was naked, I dragged him into Thea's chamber, where Nikolai was already shackled by his wrists and ankles to a set of vertical parallel bars. His mouth was open and drooling with lust at the sight of Thea, who was teasing him with her lush body, while gently stroking the lash of a whip through her sodden cunt lips, impregnating it with her body-altering sex-fluids.

"Tie Boris to those bars there," Thea ordered me, indicating another set of parallel bars next to those to which Nikolai had been shackled. "While I prepare Mr Vissarovich here to become my slave for the rest of his worthless life."

So saying, she swung the whip, bringing the lash down mercilessly across the defenceless body of the older man. A thin line of blood showed where the sex-soaked leather had cut into his skin. I saw the look on his face and knew the agony and ecstasy that was beginning to overwhelm him as his prick jerked into even greater stiffness. On and on the whip swung, as Thea circled round the helpless body of her slave, and every few strokes the goddess ran the lash through her cunt lips, gasping with pleasure as she did so. Soon Nikolai's body was a criss-crossed maze of bloody wheals. His balls had grown to an incredible size, swinging low and hard between his legs, while above them his cock had lengthened and thickened by many inches. It seemed that Thea's fluids were, if anything, even more potent than those of the other goddesses I had encountered.

By now Boris was tied to the frame and fully conscious, struggling against his bonds as he watched in horror the treatment being meted out to his erstwhile employer. I knelt beside him, awaiting orders. Thea paused in her whipping, her sweat-slicked breasts heaving with the effort of her merciless attack, sex-fluid mixed with blood, bubbling in a pink foam from between her engorged cunt-lips.

"I need an orgasm now, slave!" Thea panted at me. She pointed with a crimson nail at her swollen pussy. "Get over here and lick me out."

Overcoming my revulsion at the bloody mixture now oozing between her legs, I crawled towards her. She grabbed my head, digging into my scalp and forcing my face deep into her drooling cunt. As soon as I tasted her juices, even mixed as they were with Nikolai's blood, I knew that I could do nothing other than suck and lick at her as though my life depended on it. I ironed my tongue against her crack, licking upwards until its tip found her clitoris, throbbing with her sex-power. Within a few seconds she began to come, screaming in her orgasmic ecstasy. While I lapped at her flowing cream and my cock rose ever longer and thicker in homage to her, she convulsively mashed my face even harder into her, forcing me to suck and lick as though I were demented. At last she released her hold on my head and I sank to my haunches, exhausted and gasping, while the pain of frustration, that I had come to know so well, twisted at my swollen balls.

Thea looked down at me, her heart-stoppingly beautiful face glowing with a pleasure that in no way diminished the terrifying cruelty that shone in her smouldering eyes. "I should have made you my slave a long time ago," she said. "You may now lick my boots to thank me for allowing you the honour of worshipping my glorious cunt."

I needed no second bidding and fell at once to polishing the slick, warm latrix that so tightly clothed her feet.

"Oh yes!" She cried, "it's incredible, it feels as if you are licking my skin, but the feeling is even more magnified and intense!" Her fingers began to stroke and delve between her legs. "Now lick my heels!" She ordered, raising her boot and thrusting the sharp spike into my receptive mouth.

"Oh! Oh!" She gasped, as my tongue swirled over the hard, yet yielding surface. "It feels as if it's connected straight to my clitoris." She began to fuck me with her heel. "I'm coming, I'm coming!" She panted as she exploded into yet another orgasm.

As her ecstasy subsided, she pushed me roughly away with her foot. "That was fantastic," she breathed, "goddesshood just gets better and better". She swung on her heel and faced the bodyguard, now fully conscious, with his cock hard and jutting. "Now for you little man," Thea said. She ran her nails along the length of his penis, leaving a trail of blood where their sharp tips cut into his sensitive skin. He howled in agony, but his hardness didn't diminish and he thrust his hips out towards her. "Surely you don't imagine that a little thing like that is going to satisfy a goddess do you?" She snarled contemptuously at him. "Here, this will help." She coated her hand liberally with cunt-juice and rubbed it into the cuts she had made. Once again he yelled in pain, but his cock began to grow immediately.

Having once more coated the lash of her whip with sex juices, she began to beat her new victim until he howled in simultaneous agony and lust and his body too was criss-crossed with bloody wheals, while his balls swelled to unbearable ripeness and his prick grew and thickened. At last she threw down the whip, leaving the bodyguard sagging in his bonds, whimpering unintelligibly.

Thea turned and stood in front of her first victim, who was bucking and thrusting, desperate to seek some relief for his incredible sexual urge, which had continued to grow with the size of his cock and balls since the goddess had finished whipping him. "Now Nikolai," she said, "you're lucky, because I'm going to make you my permanent sex slave. Well," she laughed, "permanent that is until you are no more use to me and I decide to fuck you to death."

"So you're going to need one of these." From the latrix between her breasts she withdrew one of the little black cylinders that Leela had given her. She thrust it into her cunt and then withdrew it, dripping with sex juice. Then, reaching up with her other hand, she released his wrists. "Bend over," she ordered. When he seemed reluctant to obey, she grabbed his hair and yanked his head down between her legs, where she trapped it in her latrix-clad thighs. Reaching over his torso she spread his arse cheeks with one hand and with the other she forced the cylinder into his rectum.

I knew exactly what he was experiencing as he struggled and yelled, while trapped firmly between the goddess's thighs. After a while he went limp. "What a pathetic mind you have Nikolai," Thea remarked. "How easily I have broken you to my will! Now all that remains is to milk you dry and brand you with my sigil." So saying, she released him from her thighs and re-attached his wrists to the posts. The, in one fluid movement, she straddled his body and impaled her sopping cunt on his massive cock.

Within seconds orgasms began to surge through her body. "You have my permission to come!" She cried. Immediately his spunk began to flood into her, filling her with energy and power, while his pathetic male body strove as hard as it could to satisfy the goddess's awesome sexual hunger. While she pistoned her cunt up and down his prick she pressed her sigil against his chest, branding him with her goddess-mark.

At last, reluctantly, she relented and withdrew herself from his, now shrivelled, organ. She glowed and crackled with energy, her beauty almost blinding in its radiance. Nikolai slumped forward in his bonds, apparently only just alive.

The shining goddess turned to her other victim, her face alight with pitiless cruelty. "Now for the main meal! I hope you're strong little man. I need a lot of spunk from you before you die. Oh yes," she said, seeing the look of terror on his face, "you are going to die. But don't worry, it will be worth it, knowing that you gave your life to serve the goddess. There are thousands and thousands of men who would trade places with you if they could. It's just that today, you are the lucky one."
