 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

When Anne opened the door, it seemed that Lydia's prediction was right. Jane was bent over on her bed with her skirt thrown on the floor as Bree's tongue was lodged firmly in her ass. Both sisters were also excitedly rubbing their own clits and moaning loudly. Anne didn't say anything for a while and just watched the two beautiful young girls go at each other as she felt her cock get hard yet again, thought it was beginning to feel sore this time from all the action.

Finally, Anne spoke up. "Your mom said I should fuck Jane now, but then we have to do homework," she announced to the two girls, innocent as ever.

Jane looked over and smiled naughtily as she bit her lip and almost shoved her sister off of her. "Come do it then! I'm sure you're better than this bitch's tongue," she teased. 

"Well actually, maybe she can work her magic on me!" Anne exclaimed as she walked towards them, feeling her cock get harder with every step. 

"Is that just my job tonight?" Bree whined, clearly upset she wouldn't be getting any dick. 

At this point, her mom called out from the kitchen: "Bree, now be a good slut for our guest! This is all very new for her, it's the least you can do!"

"Fine!" Bree yelled back as Anne got into position. Her dick was still plenty wet from fucking Lydia a few minutes ago, and she started to pushed it against Jane's tight hole. Jane reached back and put a hand around it, stroking it to make it a little harder and guiding Anne to go exactly where she wanted.

Anne jumped a little, as right when she started to push herself into Jane's ass, she felt Bree spread her cheeks from behind. Bree kissed and licked up and down her thighs, but passing just over her pussy and asshole every time. Anne grunted a little as she kept trying to force herself all the way into Jane, who had stopped moaning at this point due to the extreme bliss she was experiencing.

"I know you're a futa, but you can beg for it, can't you?" Bree asked Anne as the latter was starting to pick up a rhythm. "Can't you beg for me to eat your ass while you're fucking my sister?"

"P-please do, I need to know what it feels like," Anne moaned through her gasps. She was going crazy, having two beautiful sisters give themselves to her fully. "I need your tongue inside me."

She thought Jane wasn't quite as tight as Bree, but this meant she might be able to get her entire dick inside. Once again, she started to gain her confidence as she found a tempo (and as Bree plopped her tongue in her asshole finally).

"Have you ever had anything this big before?" Anne asked while she was pounding an almost screaming Jane. "No, please don't stop, you're the biggest," Jane moaned in reply. Despite Bree's earlier bitching, she was eagerly pleasing the futa, doing all sorts of nasty moves and licking both of her holes like the slut she was. At one point, Anne felt her stop briefly and figured she probably came and was just catching her breath a little. She couldn't even count how many times Jane came, though each time she did she screamed and let everyone in the house know. 

Lydia had been trying to watch TV in the other room, but being as how nobody had bothered to shut the door, she found herself distracted again. Rubbing herself off and thinking about Anne's cock that had just been inside her, she found she couldn't resist getting involved and hopped up to join the three girls. She got up and made her way inside the bedroom.

"Mind if I clean that dick off a little?" Lydia asked Anne as she got on her knees beside Jane. "N-no, how?" Anne asked.

Lydia pushed Anne back a bit so she could take her dick completely out of her daughter's ass, and effortlessly deepthroated it whole. Anne couldn't believe it - she was even better than her daughters at taking her massive package. After she started fucking Lydia's face a bit, it was Jane's turn to get whiny.

"Please put it back pleaseee," Jane moaned as she grabbed Anne's dick from behind and slid it back into her ass. 

Anne felt that familiar feeling, as the combination of Jane's ass, Bree's tongue, and Lydia's throat was clearly too much for the person who just lost their virginity that day. Lydia could sense this and pushed Anne back again so she could get the goods for herself. "Fuck my slut throat as hard as you can now!" Lydia exclaimed. 

Anne didn't have to be told twice as she held onto the older woman by her hair and thrust all the way into her throat several times before finally dumping her load deep inside. Since she came so deep into her, by the time she pulled out, there wasn't even any cum in Lydia's mouth, the sisters had soon discovered.

"Ugh mom, you really just took her twice and aren't gonna share anything??" Bree asked, frustrated with her mother as ever.

"Well she DID cum in my pussy, so that's fair game," Lydia answered in response, spreading her legs a little. 

"Jane can have it then, I'm tired of licking!" an upset Bree stated as she stormed off to her bed, still in her ridiculous French maid costume. 

Although Jane was clearly a little disappointed, she couldn't complain too much and was happy to oblige her greedy mom. "Come sit on my face, I don't feel like getting up," she told her as she rolled over onto her back. 

Anne knew she was in for another visual treat, but she finally felt her libido waning and her dick hurting, plus she knew she had told Lydia that it would be homework time. She got into bed with Bree and, after making out a bit (and watching the other girls go at it), encouraged her to do some of it together. She knew she would sail through any of the math subjects, but also knew she would be clueless if asked about sentence structure or, God forbid, history. The two traded knowledge on some assignments as Jane made her mother cum twice, enjoying the taste of her and Anne as much as ever. 

--

The two teens completed their homework on Bree's computer as Jane and her mom cuddled naked in the living room, flipping between TV and porn. Bree never tired of sucking on Anne's nipples as the two were laying down together, and Anne certainly wasn't going to pout. 

"So it really is a big deal that you met a futa, huh?" Anne inquired.

"Oh absolutely," Bree answered as she switched nipples. "Most of the time we have to use the app."

"What's that?" Anne asked, curious and horny as ever.

"You don't know what an app is, or what 'the app' is?" Bree answered, pushing her face into Anne's cleavage again.

"I don't know what any of that is!" Anne responded cluelessly.

"An app is like, something on your phone that lets you... do things that you wouldn't normally be able to? Anyways, all you need to know is that THE app is all you need," Bree told the young futa.

"Okay, well what's this app and why is it so good?"

"Basically, it's for fucking," Bree said as she placed one of her hands on Anne's shaft and rubbed it a little. "If you're a girl, you just send pictures out into the void. If you're a futa, and you find a girl you want, you can message her. Some girls will send pics of them with their moms or their sisters or whatever, because it's easier to get dick if you're sharing it with other girls."

"But that doesn't seem fair," Anne said as she grunted a little from Bree's stimulation. "Why don't the futas have to show themselves?"

"Because all futas are hot as shit and every girl just wants some kinda dick inside them," Bree responded as her hand went down to Anne's pussy this time. "Even though you've got this, you still don't really know what it's like," Bree added as she slipped a finger inside. Anne moaned a little at her friend's touch again.

"Didn't your mom say we couldn't fuck anymore?" Anne asked as she felt her dick start to hurt from getting hard again. 

"She didn't say anything about me playing with your pussy, now did she?" Bree asked as Anne bit her lip as Bree rubbed her clit and stuffed another finger inside.

"That feels s-so nice... can you keep sucking on my tits too?" Anne questioned, polite as always. 

"You don't have to tell me twice," Bree answered with a smile before going back to licking, biting, and sucking on both of Anne's C cup tits. 

"You're so pretty Bree..." Anne moaned as she cupped Bree's face in her hands. She felt Bree blush a little as she kept fingering her pussy. Anne pulled her up to her face and kissed her, not aggressively as before, but deeply and lovingly. "You made me feel so happy today," Anne added between kisses and moans.

The two held each other as Bree brought her new friend to orgasm, planting kisses all over her upper half the whole time. They held each other close and didn't speak for a couple of minutes, enjoying their company. The only sounds were those coming from the living room, as Lydia told her daughter about her afternoon sex at work.

"That's crazy, but was she as big as Anne?" Jane asked, upon hearing that a futa had just wandered into Lydia's office and casually fucked the entire 7 woman staff.

"Mmh, she was big, but not quite as big. Much rougher, though; I guess that's why I was in such a slutty mood all day!" Lydia responded, getting excited thinking about it again.

"Mom, you're always in a slutty mood!" Jane teased as she pulled on her mother's nipples a little.

"Oh, so that's where you get it from?" Lydia teased in response as she played with Jane's E cup tits.

"But I still don't know where you got these from," her mom added as she continued fondling her daughter. "Mine have never been bigger than Cs and your other mom, well, she wasn't known for her tits."

"I think she just wanted to have one person in this house who could give her a good titfuck," Jane answered as she felt her own breasts. "I love when she finally comes around here and lets me do it to her. Mommy's my favorite to fuck!" Jane exclaimed, with the same slutty excitement that Lydia had as well.

"She's your favorite but you still won't let her in your pussy?" Lydia teased, although she was still curious.

"Mmh, noo, I mean she's hot and everything but like, that's my mom. I want it to be someone special!" Jane almost squealed, sounding more like a hopeless romantic than her younger sister.

"Psh, you'd let someone like Maya Chang fuck your pussy and leave you for the next slut the same day!" Lydia exclaimed, seeing through her daughter's bullshit.

"Ugh, don't remind me. I mean, yeah, a big reason why I'm saving it is so that I can have an extra shot to fuck someone like that," Jane explained to her mom as they continued feeling each other up a little. "Besides, I know you want to fuck her too!"

"Well, of course I do, darling!" Lydia responded, almost laughing at the thought. "Who wouldn't?" she added.

"Who's Maya Chang?" Anne asked Bree, as her curiosity and eavesdropping got the better of her.

"She's this like, superstar. Her mom is this tiny Asian futa, maybe 5 foot tall, but her dick is like 12 inches or something crazy like that," Bree explained, getting turned on at the thought. "Her other mom is this honestly kinda weird looking Arab girl, redhead with thick thighs and a great ass."

"You seem to know a whole lot about everyone!" Anne interrupted, ever so surprised at how sex was such a dominant ideal in this society.

"I swear I don't know this much about everyone! But everyone knows this much about the Chang family," Bree said, trying to save face a little.

"Okay, well then what's the deal with Maya?" Anne asked, still unsure of her importance.

"She's like, even more hung than her mom. It's crazy; most women can't take her in any of their holes. She's got perfect tits and an ass to die for and she looks like a supermodel, it really is crazy," Bree explained, clearly getting turned on by just the thought of her.

"So that's it? She's just really hot?" Anne asked, somewhat unphased so far.

"Well yeah, haha. Extremely. Every day, dozens of women pay to go fuck her, they'll pay just to eat her pussy or suck on her tits - it's crazy how much power she has over everyone! - and she's only our age, too," Bree added.

"I still just can't get over that, I mean I think you three are all really pretty, but I just can't understand giving up so much for... well, what we've been doing, even though it is really fun..." Anne replied, tracing her fingers up Bree's body.

"I know, but for girls like me and Jane and Mom, it's everything," Bree told her as she rubbed circles on Anne's nipples. "I promise it isn't just us too! Once everyone at school realizes you're a futa, you'll have hundreds of girls that'll be dying to fuck you!" Anne was shocked to hear this, but her cock twitched at the thought of expanding her fucking pool from 3 to 300. 

"What if I just want you guys?" Anne asked as she felt a bit of sadness at the thought of dividing her sex so much. "You all seem so nice and so sexy!"

Bree blushed. "You're so sweet, Anne, but there's more to the world than just us. We get dick often enough, we'll survive, just make sure you don't forget about us," Bree assured her and bit her lip a little. The two held each other closely and, though neither of them really meant for it right then, they fell asleep together in each other's arms, comfortable smiles on both of their faces.

--

"Up up up!" Anne was alerted by someone shaking her frantically. For a moment, she wasn't sure where she was, and then she remembered everything that had happened the previous day. Her morning wood pressing against Bree's ass also helped jog her memory a bit, in addition to Lydia, completely naked, urging her to wake up.

"I told you I'd have you in the morning!" she told Anne as the futa groaned and rubbed her eyes. "It looks like my dick was ready for it," she said as she pulled away from Bree a little and revealed her tower to Lydia once again. But Lydia stopped herself from getting onto it for a moment.

"Hold on, I think you got bigger since yesterday," Lydia pondered as she took Anne's cock in her hands. Anne blushed and "yeah right!"-ed her a little. 

"No I'm serious, this thing's at least an inch bigger! Maybe because you got so much action yesterday, it grew to accommodate you better."

Lydia marveled at the size of the teen futa, rubbing her dick up and down as a grumpy Bree finally started to wake up. "Holy shit, I think you're right," she added as she plopped one of her tits into Anne's face. "Go grab a ruler!" Bree exclaimed, and with that she put her hands on Anne's dick and started playing with it too. 

"Fine, but you better keep her nice and hard for me," Lydia commanded as she almost sprinted out of the room. Jane was beginning to wake up now at this point and looked over from her bed to watch. "This bitch just keeps getting better and better!" she groggily said through a smile. "And bigger and bigger," Bree added.

A minute later, Lydia jumped back in the room with a tape measure and laid it out on Anne's dick. "Fuck me, almost 10 inches! And it's so thick too! 8 inches around, what the fuck!!" Lydia exclaimed, cheerful as a schoolgirl.

"I wanna sit on it!" Bree said as she sat up with the same enthusiasm as her mother.

"Umm, don't you remember who called it in the morning?" Lydia said, yanking Anne's dick towards her a little as she put her head down to suck on it. 

"Oof, y-you're so good at that Mommy... err, Lydia," Anne gasped as she corrected herself.

"Oh you can call me that, you can call me whatever you want to," Lydia reassured her as she went back down to get about half of Anne's cock down her throat.

"Wait... no no no, where is my mom? She was supposed to pick me up at school yesterday but I went home with Bree instead!" Anne said as she began to panic and pushed Lydia off. 

"Oh my God, when was the last time you talked to her?" Lydia questioned, deep concern in her voice.

"Um...I guess when she dropped me off at school?" Anne responded, still trying to calm down as Bree held her hand.

"Do you have her phone number or anything like that?" Jane asked from the other side of the room.

"I think I have her phone number written down somewhere, but I don't have a phone or anything," Anne said as she dug through her backpack. "Here it is!" she exclaimed as Bree quickly handed over her smartphone.

"Mom, I'm so sorry - this is Anne and I made a friend and I spent the night at her place, I totally forgot to tell you I was just really excited-"

"I-It's okay, darling," Patricia said, relief in her breath. "I figured something like this was going to happen. I'm just glad you're okay," she told Anne as the pair calmed down. 

"I'm getting a ride to school from her but I'm going home with you today if that's okay," Anne told her as Jane made a blowjob motion with her hand and mouth. Lydia chuckled but silently told her to knock it off.

"O-Okay Mom, I love you too. I-I guess I can tell you everything, yeah. Bye," Anne replied as she hung up the phone. Before she could even hand it back to Bree, Lydia's hands were back on Anne's cock, and her mouth was too soon after. "Have you ever tried flirting with her?" Bree asked as she held her mom's head down.

"Mmmh... who? My mom??" Anne asked, almost shocked at the thought of doing something like that.

"Well yeah, why not?" Bree replied as she pulled her own mother off of Anne's dick by her hair and sloppily kissed her. "See, nothing wrong with it?" Bree added as Lydia resumed her blowjob.

"Oofff... but with you guys i-it's different..." Anne tried to explain through the noises of Lydia's oral sex. "That's just h-how you are, with my mom it's differenttttt," Anne gasped as she felt Lydia take her entire dick down her throat yet again, amazed that the woman was able to do that despite it growing in size. 

"You know, it's not up to me, that's your choice. But I bet it'd be easy for you, especially if she sees how big you are," Bree reassured her as she planted several kisses on her lips. 

"Honey, why don't you shut the fuck up and eat her cunt?" Lydia snapped after she pulled up from taking Anne's dick all the way in her throat again. "You are just the worst host!" she added. Bree sighed as she crawled down and laid between Anne's thighs, licking just around her pussy as her mom's drool dripped down on her a little.

"I guess since everyone else is doing it," Jane added from across the room, "I might as well help out too!" She quickly dashed over to the trio and focused on Anne's balls, taking them in and out of her mouth, sucking on them, rolling her tongue around them, and finally spitting them out and licking them as her family members also continued their oral assault.

"You better not take all of it this time, you slut," Jane told her mom as she licked up Anne's shaft a little. Lydia winked at her as she felt herself gag on the futa's cock again, spraying spit all over both of her daughters below. They smiled at this as they continued licking Anne even more hungrily, looking up at her with eager eyes.

Despite all of the training from yesterday, Anne knew she couldn't last more than a couple of minutes like this. With one hand on Lydia's head and another on Bree's, she squeezed onto their hair as she felt a massive orgasm build inside her. Lydia pulled off of her a little she could focus on jacking her off on her face, and Anne looked down just in time to see her cum completely plaster the milf. At least 7 ropes went all over Lydia's face as she smiled and took it like a perfect slut. 

"Wow Mom, you sure know how to suck dick," Bree admired. "She's okay I guess," Jane teased. Anne, meanwhile, was almost breathless and couldn't believe how lucky she was to have anyone sucking her dick, let alone a pro like Lydia. 

"Someone," Lydia said sarcastically as she turned to Jane, "asked me to share, so girls, please clean me up. But not too much; maybe another futa will see me and I'll set off a chain reaction," Lydia said as she wiped some of the cum from her eyes and licked her finger clean. Jane and Bree got to work on licking and kissing their mother's face all over, and by the time they were done, they realized they had gotten all of Anne's cum off of their mother.
