 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

As the two exited the school, hand in hand, Anne wondered if Bree was telling the truth about her sister. After being told the amount of power she had in this world, she thought that Bree could be putting her on - not just with the sister thing, but the whole history. How could men just stop being born? How could someone be that attracted to someone else? Was it all really true?

But soon, when the pair met up with Bree's sister Jane, Anne grew more and more confident that she was a sex goddess among the mere mortals that occupied the rest of the world. Jane was a bit taller than her sister, a bit skinnier too, and had more than a bit bigger boobs. Anne was excited to see if the "nice tits" trick would work on her sister too. She was wearing a tight white tee with nothing under it and a skirt that barely covered up her thighs at all. Anne could feel her dick getting hard at the sight of her.

"Hiii, make a new friend?" Jane asked as she embraced her sister, making out with her a little just as Anne had before.

"Mhmm... but you're not gonna believe it," Bree answered back, pulling away from her sister a little. 

"Oh my God what is it??"

"I'll tell you inside."

With that, the three of them made their way into Bree and Jane's house. Bree pulled off her clothes in the living room and disappeared in her room, leaving Jane with Anne. 

"Well, I'm still waiting on my sister to tell me about you, buuut maybe I could tell you about myself a little," Jane stated as she looked over Anne's unusual outfit.

"I'd love that," Anne replied, with a slight blush due to how hot both of the sisters were. "By the way, what's your sister doing?"

"Changing into something sexy, probably."

Anne wondered how Bree could even look sexier, but again she liked thinking about the idea.

"Anyways, I'm Jane! I'm 21 and I work a couple side jobs here and there to help out with Bree's school money, and I take a couple classes right down the road myself."

"Oh, that's nice; do your parents live here too?" Anne asked.

"Our mom does, but our futa mom is usually away. Sometimes she comes home to fuck us, but it's pretty rare thesedays - she's a researcher in Europe," Jane responded, ever-so-nonchalant with their situation.

"And you still don't let her have your pussy?" Anne asked again, still a bit clumsy with the language. By this point, Jane was putting her long blonde hair up in a ponytail and hiking her skirt up, giving Anne a perfect look at her shaved pussy.

"No, I'm still saving that for a special someone," Jane replied. "But I'll suck any cock in the world," she added with a chuckle.

Anne felt the pressure in even her loose jeans start to get unbearable as Jane approached her and sat on her lap, putting her DD cup tits in her face. Not knowing what to do, Anne pushed her face into Jane's cleavage, enjoying the feeling for a moment. 

"Wow, I really can't leave you two alone at all can I?" Bree exclaimed as she walked out of her room.

"What the fuck, are you really wearing that? What's the occasion?" Jane asked her sister. Anne pulled away from Jane's tits to look and see what the issue was. Bree was wearing a French maid outfit, far too slutty to be worn on the streets of even the futa world. The skirt started a few inches below her belly button and ended well above her pussy, while the top was just a tight fitting black and white ruffled bra with slits cut out for Bree's nipples to be on display too. Bree did a small lip bite before smiling and laughing it off a little as Jane checked her out.

"I think you're sitting on the occasion," Bree answered as she walked into the kitchen, giving both of the girls a great view of her ass.

"Haha, she is pretty cute, a little shy though," Jane commented as she felt up Anne a little bit, groping her tits roughly. 

"Why don't you see what she's packing?" Bree asked as she started chopping some vegetables and heating up the stove, making sure to give both of her viewers a great look at her ass whenever possible. 

"No way - you brought home a fucking futa?" Jane asked excitedly as she quickly got up off of Anne and unbuttoned her jeans. Her face lit up as she pulled Anne's monster out of her pants and felt the sheer weight and size of it. It was one of the fattest, longest cocks Jane had ever seen. She thought about how much she wanted it inside her as she struggled to fit both of her hands on it.

"I didn't just bring her home - I took her virginity!" Bree exclaimed, half cooking and half watching her sister go crazy.

"No fucking way!" Jane looked back at her sister with a jealous smile. 

"Mhmm," Bree affirmed, spreading her ass a little as the two girls noticed Anne's cum still leaking out of it. "She had a weird family - her mom didn't even fuck her!"

"Poor girl," Jane noted as she got up, leaving Anne to watch her play with her sister a bit. 

Anne wanted to have her turn at sister #2, but instead she just watched Jane as she got on her knees behind Bree and started eagerly licking her ass, as Bree continued frying her vegetables paying her little mind. "She's from like the middle of nowhere or something, and she had to rely on my dumbass to explain everything to her," Bree told her sister.

"That's craz- fuck her cum tastes so good!" was all Jane could get out before she dove her tongue back into her sister's asshole, determined not to let any futa cum go to waste. Anne meanwhile was getting close just watching the two sluts going at it. A minute or so later, Jane seemed all finished, and she hurried back to Anne to help get her off.

"I normally would be begging for this in my ass at this point but your cum tastes so amazing that I want it in my mouth now," Jane told her as she got back on her knees and started licking all over Anne's shaft while giving her a perfect view of her cleavage. Anne was immediately impressed with her skill - she was able to take her cock all the way down her throat and stick her tongue out to lick her balls a little bit. Anne couldn't even imagine taking a cock half her size like that.

Jane almost desperately sucked all over Anne's dick, and usually had one hand on the shaft and the other hand she used to finger Anne's tight pussy. Like before, Anne knew she wouldn't last long, but she fought off cumming for as long as she could. As she moaned and closed her eyes in pleasure, she finally ended up looking down and saw Jane taking her entire dick all the way down and her eyes watering profusely, ruining her eyeshadow. With that, Anne couldn't hold it any longer, gasped a few times, and came in a very eager Jane.

"Fuck this is amazingg!" Jane exclaimed after she felt the entire load fill her mouth. By this time, Bree was done with dinner, and she came over with some filled plates in hand, stopping afterwards to make out with her sister and share in the reward. 

Anne again felt her nonstop libido kicking in as she recovered from her intense orgasm only to find herself wanting more. The two sisters were sucking on each other's tongues, spitting the cum back and forth in each other's mouths, and finally swallowed it together, glancing over at Anne intermittently to make sure she was enjoying the show. 

"You really got a steal with this one, babe," Jane told her sister with cum and eyeliner all over her face. 

"I know right? Speaking of... I ate not too long ago, and that blowjob really got me in the mood. Just sit tight Anne," she told the futa as she darted under the dinner table to give Anne her third blowjob of the day. Anne gasped a little as she felt little kisses and licks on her thighs, but still had enough composure to eat the meal that the girl below her had prepared.

"So you just moved here, right? Don't know anyone or something?" Jane asked, almost a different person than who she seemed to be just 30 seconds ago. 

"Y-yeah, me and my mom moved here because she needed a new j-obbb..." Anne responded through her gasps and moans, with Bree's blowjob noises interrupting her a bit too.

"I'm sure you could make more money than she does, whatever she does," Jane said in-between bites. "Especially in this neighborhood - women pay good money for futas."

Anne stopped eating briefly so she could force Bree down on her dick deeper, finally feeling more confident that she wouldn't come so fast this time. "They would pay to fuck me? Really?"

"Oh, absolutely. And the more you fuck, the easier it gets; futas dicks get bigger the more girls they fuck. Or at least, that's what I've heard," Jane told her as she pulled her shirt off and started playing with her hard nipples, clearly turned on from the whole situation.

Just when Anne was getting close to busting another load in Bree's mouth, the door opened and she almost jumped in her seat. She looked over to see a woman a bit taller than the sisters, but with their same long blonde hair. Given her age, she assumed it was probably their mother. She had on a blouse and apparently only a thong below her. 

"Guess who got dick at work todayyyy!!" she announced to the room proudly. Jane smiled as Bree bumper her head on the table, trying to get out and show herself (and hide Anne from her mom, most likely). 

"Did she take your pants too?" Jane asked, sensing Bree's motivations.

"No no, I just didn't feel like putting them back on after," the woman said as she reached a hand down her panties and rubbed her pussy a little.

"Who's this? Oh I'm so rude, my name is Lydia!" the woman exclaimed, extending her same hand out to Anne. "Hi there, I-I'm Anne. I go to the same school as Bree."

"Well make sure you're straightening her out sometimes!" Lydia commented as she grabbed a fork and grabbed some bell peppers from Bree's plate. "Damn, this is good stuff," she muttered to herself a bit. 

"So yeah mom we were just gonna uh head back to our room for a while, speaking of studying," Bree spoke up finally, hoping to have Anne's dick inside her soon without her mother intruding like she had so many times before. 

"Oh what's the rush? You never let me meet your new friends!" Lydia said as she looked over at Anne. "And she's so pretty too!" Lydia reached back inside her thong and started rubbing her clit again as Anne thought about fucking her. Her dick was already throbbing hard from Bree's blowjob earlier, and she didn't really take the hint that Bree didn't want her to fuck her mom. She finished her plate and pulled her chair out before getting up and asking where to put her plate.

Lydia immediately noticed Anne's beautiful dick swinging around and stopped for a second. "What the fuck! You didn't tell me you brought a futa home? You were really gonna hide her from me? Am I that bad?" Lydia asked Bree, upset but not too upset. 

"Ughh, sometimes I just wanna fuck someone with my sister for a while! And you always try to give them advice!" Bree complained as Lydia practically threw Anne's plate on the counter so she could put both of her hands on her dick. 

"Mmh, honey, it sounds like you can't handle a bit of competition. Besides, we haven't had anything this big in here! I'm sure we can all share, can't we Anne?" 

Anne was watching the older woman jack her off a bit and thought about fucking all three of them at once. "M-maybe it would be fun if we could all..have fun?" she responded, not really sure how to say that she agreed without offending Bree.

"But you always want to take it slow and hog all of them and you never bring anyone home and-"

"Okay, clearly Mom is gonna win this round, let her have her fun. Come on, I need someone to eat my ass anyways," Jane interrupted her sister as the younger one groaned in response. 

"Fine, but don't take too long," she said, noticeably upset, to her excited mother. The instant that the two sisters disappeared into their room, Lydia stood up and bent over on the table, throwing everything out of the way. She bent over and looked at Anne as the futa held her throbbing dick. "Fuck me. Please just fuck me." 

Anne had a good look over at the milf's body. She had thick thighs and a huge ass, much bigger than either of her daughters. Her pink thong left little to the imagination too. Anne grabbed onto it and, in one fell swoop, pulled it off. "Where should I put it?" She asked, not knowing if Lydia had some weird code like Jane did. 

"Put it wherever you want to, please. I'm just your fucking whore to use," Lydia responded with a desperate sensuality. 

Anne pressed her dick against both of the woman's holes, going back and forth thinking about her decision. She was really just being indecisive, but Lydia thought she was teasing her.

"Fuckk, please use me however you want. You can use my girls however you want too, please I just need you inside me right now."

Anne finally decided to go with her pussy as it was leaking all over her by now. She grabbed onto Lydia's ass to support herself and plunged all the way in as Lydia almost screamed from pleasure. 

Even though Anne almost came and was very close to doing so again from all of Bree and Lydia's stimulation, it was Lydia this time who came first. She squeezed onto Anne's hands from behind and pressed her head against the table as she yelled some profanities in the air, moaning as she tightened her grip on Anne's dick.

"Fuck that's so.. That's so big holy shit..." she continued to moan blissfully as Anne plowed her, getting rougher and rougher with her new mommy slut. She began to dig her fingernails into her ass and pick up her tempo as she knew she was getting close again. "Beg for my cum!" Anne exclaimed in the heat of the moment.

"Please cum inside your slut, please just fucking knock me up and use me and make me your whore, my daughters can lick it all out after please please just cum inside me now," Lydia begged desperately as she just laid spread out on the table while Anne continued her assault.

Within seconds after that monologue of sorts, Anne almost screamed and came deep inside the mother's pussy. She wasn't even really sure what "knock me up" or "whore" meant, but she knew that, whatever it was, it was probably another good surprise. 

As the pair gasped a little and Anne laid on Lydia for a brief second, Lydia turned around to look at the teen. "Who even are you...? How did we get you?"

Anne pulled her dick out of Lydia and let out a good amount of cum on the floor as Lydia instinctively got up and licked it up, much to Anne's surprise. "I could ask the same thing of you guys! This whole day has been crazy, I can't believe anyone would want me so much," she answered as Lydia was licking Anne's cum off of her dick.

"Honey, we haven't had anyone like this before. A girl like you can cost 3 months rent for something like this, and we just don't have that kind of money!" Lydia exclaimed.

"I feel like I'm the one who should be paying," Anne insisted.

"It's absolutely nothing, darling. We're happy to have you," Lydia said with a sense of motherly comfort that Anne rarely felt these days as she pressed Anne against her (admittedly kinda uncomfortable) blouse.

The two cuddled there for a bit as they could hear Bree and Jane through the walls. "Wonder what they're doing in there," Anne questioned.

"I bet... Bree's eating Jane's ass and fingering herself a bit." Anne's cock twitched a bit at the mental image of that. "Do they really do stuff like this every night?"

"If they aren't fucking someone else or me, yes. But they can't go too crazy because I know they both have schoolwork they need to do for tomorrow. And you probably do too!" Lydia said as she got up off of Anne. "You can fuck one more time but after that, it's my house and my rules, and my rules are that you at least need to start on your work by 7!" She was back to sounding like Anne's mom, although Anne's mom certainly never gave her a condition like that.

"But that's so hard... I have so much to choose from... you and Jane and Bree..."

"Well it's all up to you, but you can pick more than one, silly," Lydia said with a smile.

"I haven't fucked Jane yet... but I also haven't had anyone lick my ass yet... " Anne thought out loud to herself. 

"Well, you told me that, why don't you get in there and tell them too?" Lydia smirked as she patted Anne's butt a couple of times and let go of her. "I'm sure they'd be happy to help you out - but I get you in the morning!" Lydia said with a lighthearted tone. "Their mom is so cool," Anne thought to herself.

With that, Anne pulled away from Lydia and started towards the bedroom. "Why are you still wearing that top? You should take it off so they can suck on your tits too," Lydia called out from the kitchen. 

"Oh right, thank you!" Anne replied. Lydia wondered why she was being thanked for something like that, but she simply chalked it up to Anne having a rare innocence in this world. Anne pulled her hoodie off and threw it on the couch as she made her way into the girls bedroom.