 This is the latest chapter of the ongoing story of how the Goddess came to possess the world. In writing the entire work, I have attempted to produce a coherent narrative based on a consistent world-view. To help with this process I have produced some "historical notes". These explain the origin of the culture from which Lilith and Leela come. I know that there are a few people out there who have enjoyed the tale so far - so if any of you would be interested in reading these notes, please let me know.

*

As I had expected, the journey to Thea's country house was sheer torment for both William, once he had regained consciousness, and for me. There was enough room in the back of Thea's Hummer for a double bed, to which William and I were bound, while Thea and Nadia rode our cocks and our mouths; competing to see how many orgasms each of them could have. However, Thea decreed that neither William nor I should be allowed to come, in order to allow us to recuperate. By the time the journey had ended we were both desperate, sore and battered; although, with my enhanced powers, I had fared considerably better than William. Because the windows of the Hummer were heavily tinted, our tormentors activities were concealed from all eyes save those of George, who, as Thea had instructed him, kept his rigidly on the road.

I had visited Ashlands, Thea's country house, many years before. It stood on the South Downs, overlooking the sea. It was surrounded by a considerable estate and protected by a high brick wall. The house had been built by Thea's great, great grandfather, specifically to house his priceless collection of Minoan artefacts; hence the considerable security which protected it.

As we approached the house, Thea unbound us and told us to dress, while she and Nadia did the same. The Hummer drew up outside the impressive wrought-iron gates that I remembered. A youngish man, dressed as a security guard, came out of the lodge by the side of the gates. Thea wound down the window. "Chris," she said, "I want you to come up to the house in an hour, and bring the rest of your team for a briefing."

"Yes Ma'am," Chris replied. Even in the half light of the evening I could see his eyes widen with lust as he saw Thea's generous breasts, barely concealed by their shiny, black latrix covering.

"That's six more slaves," Thea remarked to Nadia as the window slid back into place and the gates opened in front of us.

The Hummer travelled slowly up the winding gravel drive. On a small hillock I saw the fake Minoan temple that Sir Arthur Lucas had built, and then Ashlands itself opened before us. It was a strange house. Built in an odd style that seemed an unhappy combination of Victorian gothic and classical architecture, it stood three storeys high in the centre, with wide, single storey wings that now contained a swimming pool on one side and a gym on the other. We drew up at the three, wide, shallow steps that led to a grand doorway with a heavy classical pediment over it.

Martha, George's long-suffering wife, was standing at the top of the steps. She too had known Thea since she was a girl. I had no idea if she also was aware that Thea was a dominatrix, but I assumed that, since she acted as housekeeper and was responsible for the maintenance of the Ashlands house, she must at least have some inkling about Thea's proclivities.

Thea stepped out of the car and greeted Martha. "You already know Nadia," she said, gesturing towards her gorgeous young acolyte. "Will you please take her up to the red room?"

"Certainly Ma'am," Martha replied, her expression blank as she took in Nadia's provocative clothing. "And the gentlemen, will they be requiring rooms?" She looked at William and me, her expression unchanging.

"No, Martha, I don't believe they will," replied Thea with a smirk. "I'm going to take them to the gym. They need some exercise!" 

She turned to Nadia. "Darling, please make yourself at home, have a shower and change if you like, you'll find a range of clothing that should be suitable. As soon as you're done, come down to the gym. Then we can have some more fun." 

She turned again to Martha. "Chris and his team will be here in an hour. George will show them into the gym as soon as they arrive, Martha."

She strode into the house, her heels clicking like pistol shots on the stone flags. A few steps into the hall she turned and looked at George. "You'd better come as well George. I think we have some unfinished business."

George glanced briefly at his wife, who kept staring straight ahead without looking at him. Then he followed William and me as we trailed behind the arrogant, booted goddess.

Thrusting open the double doors that led, as I knew, to the library; Thea beckoned us to follow her in. It was a long room with floor-length windows facing west, through which the light of the setting sun poured. The wall opposite the windows was lined with mahogany bookcases, filled with books uniformly-bound in leather. In this way it was just an ordinary country house library; above the bookcases, however, it was very different. The walls there vibrated with recreations of Minoan murals. Bull leapers stood in lithe, athletic poses, processions of young men carried sacred vessels, and above all were the women; lively, beautiful and bare-breasted. Down the centre of the room were glass cases in which were displayed some of Sir Arthur's Minoan treasures. Bull's head rhytons, double-headed axes and painted statuettes of the goddess; with sacred snakes entwining her arms, her breasts naked and her prominent nipples rouged.

In the very centre of the room was a taller case in which was displayed the prize of Sir Arthur's collection: the so-called "Diadem of Ariadne". It was not so much a diadem as a net of gold filigree. Looking at it again I saw something that I had not noticed on my previous visits. It was set with snakes. With a shudder, I realised that these were carved from glassy, black obsidian; the twin of the stone from which Thea's dildo was made.

Thea stopped in front of the diadem and the three of us halted a couple of paces behind her. She knelt down by the case and pressed some buttons on the key-pad set into its stand. With a slight hiss that seemed very loud in the silent library, the glass panel covering the diadem withdrew. Thea stood up.

"Sir Arthur didn't find this you know." She said, half to herself and half to us. "It was brought to him one night by a young Greek sponge-fisherwoman. She gave no coherent explanation of how or where she found it, and afterwards she couldn't be traced. So, without a clear context, the "diadem" was never properly described or catalogued. In fact, many archaeologists don't believe that it really is Minoan at all. That's the only reason why Sir Arthur was allowed to take it out of Greece."

As she spoke she put down the briefcase she had brought with her from London and took off her jacket and skirt. In her glistening, black arm-length gloves and thigh-high boots she stood before us. The latrix drew back from covering her breasts, revealing her golden skin, her nipples hardening, elongating and glowing blood-red in the light of the dying sun. Reaching into the case she took out the diadem.

"Sir Arthur was wrong, you know," she said, holding the sparkling golden net between her hands. "It isn't a diadem at all. When I was sixteen I found out what it really is. My first and most important archaeological discovery -- and one which I have never published!"

She gazed at the shimmering net that was now stretched between her palms. "My parents were away and I was alone in the house, except for Martha and George." She continued. "I had discovered sex just that summer -- and I really loved it. I already knew that there was more to it than the frustration I'd felt with fumbling boys of my own age, who ejaculated almost as soon as they saw my tits. I'd realised that I needed to take control and I'd begun to experience the thrilling power my body gave me over more mature men. " 

She looked into the setting sun. "I remember that summer night so clearly. It was the night that changed my life."

"It was after midnight -- still warm , and I felt very sexy. So I decided to have a long, sensuous bath. As I lay in it, I began to gently stroke the soft down around my pussy. That felt nice, but somehow not wicked enough. Suddenly I knew that it would be even better if I could shave off the hair. Then I would be exposing the core of my sex, my pouting cunt-lips, to the lustful eyes of all those men I hoped soon to have in my power."

"I slipped out of the bath and fetched some scissors and my Father's shaving things. I sat on the edge of the bath and snipped away most of my pubes. Then I lathered myself with shaving soap and, looking in my Father's shaving mirror, I carefully razored all the planes of my labia. I got hotter and hotter each time my fingers brushed across my clitoris, I was driving myself to the brink of an orgasm again and again, but somehow I knew I had to stop myself from coming; I sensed that I should save myself for something greater."

"Finally my cunt was beautifully naked and exposed. I massaged moisturiser into it and it felt smooth, deliciously alive and hungry for sex. I wanted to find some men and make them beg to be allowed to lick it and fill it with their hard cocks."

"I dried myself and left the bathroom. Then, naked, I began to wander around the house. The full moon shone bright through the windows, making everything seem silvery and unreal. Padding silently on bare feet I felt like a powerful huntress in search of unknown prey. It was then that Ariadne's diadem came into my mind. It seemed to be calling to me and I knew that it was my destiny to wear it. As I went downstairs and into the library I felt every breath of air on my newly-exposed pussy-lips and my tingling nipples. By the time I reached the display case I was shuddering in ecstasy and I understood clearly how the jewel should be worn."

As Thea said this, she draped the gold net around her hips, fastening it behind her back. Incredibly, once it touched her skin, it seemed that the jewel had come alive. The filigree moved of its own accord, the obsidian snakes writhing and coming together to touch and caress her engorged cunt-lips. She threw back her head and gasped with pleasure. Her skin seemed to glow even more brightly and, if anything, she became more beautiful and desirable, her body still more lust-inducing.

Unbidden, the three of us silently removed our clothes and knelt in awe of the shimmering Goddess who seemed to tower over us. Our pricks were as hard as iron, throbbing with need as we bowed our heads before her.

"Yes, this is what I discovered when I was sixteen. This jewel is the girdle of Aphrodite, long thought to be just a myth. Woven with the Goddess's power of lust and desire, it makes all who wear it irresistible."

"Now I have worn it many times, but on that first night, when I was just a girl, I was unprepared for its effect on me. I felt the Goddess enter me, I felt her power and lust, I knew then that my destiny was to become a Goddess. But I couldn't control it, it overwhelmed me, and after a series of shattering orgasms, I passed out."

"It was on that night that my parents died in a car crash and I became both immensely rich and free to exercise my new-found power over men. George was the first to come under my spell, when the next morning he found me asleep on the library floor with the girdle still around my hips. He has been my slave ever since."

"A few years later, I was really beginning to discover the extent of my power when you, Jake, helped me to gain the second of the Goddess's sacred relics; the even more ancient phallus of lust." 

She reached into her bag and held it up. The final ray of the sun touched it and it seemed as if wave of blood-red light poured out of the sinister object. "This is the phallus of domination, and possessing it helped me to become a truly voracious sexual predator and to discover my real nature as a dominatrix."

As Thea looked at it she shook her head. "I should have been satisfied. After all I had immense wealth, power and domination over men. But for years I have known that there had to be more, something to complete my ability to slake the thirst that the girdle and the phallus had woken in me. I have been searching for a third object to complete my power. Now, at last, I have found it." As she said this, she touched the golden labrys that swung between her perfect breasts. "This is my sigil of domination. The symbol of my final achievement of full goddesshood. The key that has liberated me to take all that I need from men. To suck them dry and to cast them aside!"

Overawed by her power and domination, we three naked men grovelled at her feet. Then behind us we heard the sound of stiletto heels cracking against the floor and the low voice of Nadia, as she hurried to be with Thea. "O goddess, I want to share your power!" She said.

"You shall, my love," Thea replied. Looking up I saw that Nadia, dressed now only in arm-length leather gloves and thigh-boots, was kneeling before her goddess. "We will be like lionesses with helpless prey. No man will be able to resist us."

Thea raised Nadia to her feet. "Come on, let's take them to the gym and use them for our pleasure." She fingered her cunt and then delved into Nadia's dripping slit. Bringing her hand to her mouth, she licked her fingers, soaked with pussy-juice. "I'm hungry for sex", she said, "and so are you my darling."

Trembling with fear, in anticipation at what we knew was to come, George, William and I rose to our feet and followed the two dominatrixes as they strode through the door at the end of the library leading to the "gym".

We found ourselves in a room about 50 feet long. Unlike most gyms, the lighting was subdued. Near the entrance were traditional fixed weight machines and exercise equipment. In the centre were high-tech bondage-benches, bars and frames, with a range of whips, crops, paddles and bondage equipment on racks between them. The far end of the room was dominated by a throne-like chair, placed at the top of three steps. In front of this were 16 rowing benches, set out in two parallel rows, with a raised gangway between them, as it they were part of an ancient oared ship.

Thea made her way straight to the throne. Seating herself regally on it she turned to Nadia, who had followed closely behind. "Shackle Jake and William to the first two benches, Nadia." She instructed her acolyte. "Then go and chose a whip. George -- on your knees and crawl to me!"

While George made his way on his knees towards the goddess, Nadia expertly fastened William and me into the first two benches, as Thea had ordered. It was obviously something she had done before, since she knew to lubricate the butt-plugs that protruded from the rowing benches, and how to lock our ankles to the foot-rest and our wrists to the rowing bar.

Once she had firmly shackled us, we squirmed uncomfortably on the hard plastic that invaded our rears. All the while we were unable to take our eyes off the supremely lust-inducing vision of the goddess who sat before us, her breasts full and firm, with nipples rock-hard ; her cunt thrillingly framed by the girdle of Aphrodite and glistening with sex-juice. 

George positioned himself at the foot of the steps, kneeling before her with his head bowed. With our eyes fixed on Thea, we heard Nadia's heels going and returning, until she stood behind George with a three-foot riding crop in her hand. It was then I noticed that George's muscular back was criss-crossed with wheals that bore testament to previous punishments from Thea.

"Look at me George," Thea commanded, "Would you like to touch me, George?" She asked as he gazed longingly at her perfect flesh.

George nodded, "yes Goddess," he said, faintly.

"O dear George," Thea shook her head, "You will be punished for that. Don't you know that it's forbidden even to think about touching a Goddess?"

George groaned and bowed his head again. "Nadia!" Thea ordered, "begin his punishment. You may continue to beat him for as long as it pleases you."

With a grunt of satisfaction, Nada began to ply the crop on George's back. It was obvious from her flushed face that she enjoyed her work, especially when the fingers of her free hand plunged between the lips of her dripping cunt.

"Look at me, George," Thea ordered her unfortunate butler. As he gazed up at her, stifling the cries and sobs that came unbidden to him as he took his beating, she leaned back on her throne and locked her gaze on his. She held up the obsidian phallus, swirled her tongue around its bloated head, rubbed it against her engorged nipples and finally plunged it into her dripping slit.

Simultaneously both women were racked by huge orgasms, and Nadia swung one final, frantic blow against George's tortured flesh, making him at last scream out his pain before he collapsed to the floor.

Nadia dropped the whip, her full breasts heaving with the aftermath of lust, as Thea extended her long, latrix clad legs towards her servant.

"Sit up now George," Thea commanded. "You may thank me for your punishment and pay homage to my perfect body by offering your feeble seed to my boots."

Still groaning quietly in pain, George knelt up and shuffled closer to the foot of the steps, positioning his heavily engorged cock over his Mistress's shiny, black-clad legs. Without further bidding he began to wank himself rapidly, his fist a blur as it moved up and down his shaft, slippery with pre-cum. In a very short time he was grunting his climax, ensuring that the fruit of his orgasm splattered in white blobs and streaks on the skin-tight surface of the goddess's boots.

As soon as the last spurt of semen had finished, Nadia gave an inarticulate cry and kicked George away, to take his place kneeling at the foot of the throne. Holding Thea's legs with both hands, she began to lap eagerly at the sticky fluid, licking frantically to ensure that she consumed every drop.

"A poor offering I'm afraid my darling," said Thea, "but it's the best George can do. I would be happy to let you fuck him to death, but just at the moment he's too useful to me. Never mind, you'll soon have as much spunk as you could wish for. Once we have brought this world under our boot-heels!"

"Go away now George," Thea commanded with a languid wave of her hand. "Return to your duties and escort Chris and his team to me when they arrive."

Having dismissed her butler, she turned to William and me. "Now, I think that Jake and William need some exercise. Let's introduce them to my Roman galley." She leaned back again on her throne. "Let's pretend that I'm the Roman Empress Messalina, and that you're my sex-slaves. Although, in fact we don't have to pretend much, do we, because I'm actually your goddess and you really ARE my sex-slaves!" Thea and Nadia laughed cruelly at this. "Nadia is the overseer of the slaves rowing my galley. Her job is to encourage you to row harder by whipping you. My job is to set the pace -- like this..."

So saying, she touched a switch on the arm of her throne; making a large, lubricated, black phallus slide out from the seat between her legs. She raised herself over it and then lowered her body so that the black invader slipped effortlessly between the juicy lips of her cunt. As she took it fully inside herself, I judged by her gasp of delight that it had begun to vibrate. However, immediately my own body was jolted by an electric shock that passed through the butt-plug in my anus. I cried out in pain and astonishment, and William did the same.

"That's your signal to row!" Thea ordered. "Each time I hump myself on this beautiful big dildo in my cunt, you'll feel a shock, and you must take a pull on the oar. So the faster I ride, the faster you'll have to row. And just to make sure that you're putting your backs into it, Nadia will be looking at the power-meter on each of your benches. If you're not measuring up, she'll whip you by way of encouragement. You'll enjoy that won't you my sweet?"
