 Chapter Fifteen

Once back in the library I had barely had time to dress and tidy away William's clothing, when I heard the sound of voices approaching from the hallway. George opened the doors and led a small party of men into the room. They were dressed alike in dark jackets, trousers and shirts. All of them seemed to be in their late twenties or early thirties and they all looked fit, well-muscled and active. Judging by the disciplined way in which they held themselves, I assumed that they were all ex-forces. 

George saw me standing by the doors to the library and gave me a quick, complicit glance. He halted in the middle of the library; stopping in front of the empty case, in order to hide from the security guards the fact that the prize of Sir Arthur's collection was missing. 

"Is the g..., ah, is Miss Thea ready to see the security team now?" He asked, his face clearly expressing the difficulty he felt about referring to Thea as anything other than "goddess".

"I don't know, George." I answered. "I'll go and check."

I opened the door to the gym and slid through it, closing it after me. Inside, Nadia and Thea had suspended William's, by now unconscious, body from one of the whipping frames and were standing next to him, speaking together in low voices. In their heels, the two women were exactly the same height and were so close to each other that their hard nipples almost touched, while their hands rested on each other's waists.

When she heard the door, Thea looked up sharply.

"Yes Jake. What is it?" She demanded, turning abruptly towards me so that the stunning sight of her perfect body hit me like a searchlight.

I fell to my knees in worship. "Please goddess," I said, "George has brought the security team. They're waiting in the library. Shall I tell George to send them in?"

Thea looked at her acolyte. "Hmm, what do you think my darling? Can we subdue all six at once? I'm not sure. I think we'd better have them in one at a time, starting with Chris. Jake, when I tell you, bring Chris in and come in with him." She turned and walked back to the throne at the far end of the room. "Nadia, you stand at the foot of the steps, and bring a bull-whip with you – it's so much more intimidating than a crop." 

Thea seated herself regally on her throne. The girdle of Aphrodite framed and enhanced her glorious sex and in her right hand she held the phallus of dominance. She radiated the power of irresistible lust. At the foot of the throne stood Nadia, her legs apart in a powerful, dominant stance, her left hand on her hip and her right bearing a sinister leather bull-whip, whose two metre lash trailed on the floor beside her arrogantly booted feet.

"Send Chris in!." Thea ordered; and I hurried to do her bidding.

"Miss Lucas will see you now Chris," I said as soon as I reached the library. One of the men came forward, he was slightly older than the others, but he looked nervous as he walked towards the door. His hand was in his pocket and he seemed to be holding something there. I watched him closely as I followed him through the door, shutting it immediately behind me.

I heard him gasp as his glance took in first the figure of William, hanging limply from his bonds, and then the glorious vision of the goddess, glowing golden on her throne, with her booted acolyte beside her.

"Come to me Chris," Thea said – her voice low, thrilling and filled with seductive promise.

Chris seemed to hesitate, half turning as if to leave the room. Then, apparently by an effort of will, he walked rapidly towards the throne, while I kept pace just behind him. As he approached Thea I sensed his discomfort increase. He shifted his gait, obviously to accommodate his swelling prick that was rising unbidden as the goddess's pheromones washed over him.

He halted about three feet from the throne's steps and gulped convulsively at the lustful sight of Thea in her glory. Behind him, I knelt down, awed once more at the brilliance of her power.

"Well Chris," Thea said, "aren't you going to kneel and worship your goddess like Jake?"

He raised his eyes to her then. "No,"he said, "I worship only one God and saviour!" His voice was almost inaudible and seemed to be cracking as his inevitable desire warred with all his instinct and belief.

Thea threw back her head and laughed a low, silvery chuckle. "How very sweet," she said, "I had no idea that you were so old-fashioned Chris. I suppose you also believe that men are superior to women as well? How very foolish of you. If only you could see yourself, you are trembling with lust, you can't help yourself. You prick is as hard as iron and you want to fuck me more than anything you've ever wanted in your life!"

"No!" he said, his voice almost a scream. The sweat poured from him and he shook his head as if trying to rid his mind of the vision before him.

"But yes," Thea continued, "you know it's true. Your desire for me is overwhelming you. All you have to do is to accept it. Admit that I am your living goddess and I will grant you access to my body. Think of it: my tight, slippery cunt sliding over your throbbing prick; my soft pillowy lips sucking the spurting spunk from your spasming tool. You can have it all right now. Paradise on earth – so much better than the vague promise of paradise in the life to come. All you need to do is get down on your knees and worship me."

"No, No!" He cried suddenly. Convulsively his hand left his pocket and I stood to intercept him. But all he held was a small glass jar. "I curse you she-bitch!" He shouted, as he did so throwing the liquid in the jar at Thea. "With this holy water I consign you to hell from where you came!"

The water splashed over Thea's breasts, running over her firm golden flesh and dripping from her rock-hard nipples. Thea looked down at the liquid and laughed.

"Thank you Chris," she said, "but I don't need a shower!"

"Then, die!" He yelled, and before I could stop him he drew a Browning 9mm from his waistband and fired it at Thea. At that range he couldn't miss and in a heartbeat three shots slammed into the body of the goddess. 

Her reaction was immediate. As the bullets reached her, a bolt of intense blue light flashed from her cunt and hit Chris in the chest. He flung out his arms and the pistol fell from his nerveless fingers as he crumpled to the ground.

Thea stood up, idly picking three flattened lead slugs from the latrix of her corset. As she did so, the door of the library burst open and the other security guards rushed in. Realising what was to come I immediately flung myself to the floor as once more the light flashed out and five more bodies tumbled to the ground.

"Oh dear," Thea sighed, "I do hope I haven't killed them. All that energy has made me ravenous for sex and I shall be so disappointed if I can't use their life force."

Nadia stooped and felt Chris's neck. "He seems to be alive still," she said.

"Excellent!" Thea said, "He'll make a strong slave – we'll be able to drain a load of spunk from him."

Nadia hurried over and inspected the others. "These are alive too," she said.

"Fantastic," Thea responded, "Jake – strip them. George – you can help him." The last was addressed to her butler, who had come into the gym following the security guards and was now kneeling looking up in awe at his young mistress.

Between us, George and I manhandled the guards, removing their shoes and clothes. All of them were deeply unconscious and remained so even when Thea and Nadia began to string them up to the parallel bars, fastening their wrists and ankles so as to allow themselves all-round access to their victims' bodies.

They only began to stir as the two women took it turns to whip each of them, making sure that the men's broken skin was liberally anointed with potent cunt-juice. Each of them began to cry out as the sex-fluids seeped into their blood-stream and the hormones began to course through their systems; bringing the inevitable lengthening and thickening of their cocks and swelling of their balls, as more and more sperm were produced. Soon they were all pumping the air frantically, desperate to fuck the perfect female flesh so brazenly displayed, so tantalisingly close and yet so completely untouchable.

Chris in particular was in a bad way. Thea had concentrated her attentions on him and now he appeared to be insane with desire for her, continually moaning and straining to reach her even as his flesh suffered under her lash. Eventually she allowed her whip to drop and she stood in front of him, her dripping cunt-lips only inches away from the head of his straining prick. Chris was snorting like a rutting beast, rubbing his wrists and ankles sore as he tugged at his bonds in an attempt to reach her.

"So Chris," Thea said, "have you changed your mind? Now will you worship me?"

"Want you... Want you..." Chris grunted, barely able to articulate through his lust-constricted throat.

"Oh dear," responded Thea, her voice sharp and admonitory. "I know that you want me. It was obvious that you wanted me the first time that you saw me – before I was even a goddess. That wasn't the question. I asked if you were now prepared to worship me as your goddess?"

As she finished speaking she moved a pace back from him so that he could easily see the whole of her lush body. Seductively she ran her tightly gloved hands over her breasts, cupping them and tweaking her prominent nipples to even greater hardness. Then she stroked down her chest, over the flat planes of her stomach and on to her hips, finally hovering over the mound of her sex, so thrillingly encircled by the golden girdle of Aphrodite.

It was too much for Chris. His whole body straining towards her, he cried out in what was almost a scream of agony. "Yes! Yes!" He cried. "You are my goddess, I worship you. I need you. Do what you want with me!" He broke down and hung his head, sobbing, his spirit entirely broken.

"Then look at me!" Thea ordered, her voice sharp with command. Chris obeyed instantly, his head snapped up and his eyes fixed on the sexual core of her being. "This is what you worship," Thea continued, her hands stroking her pussy-mound, "this is the centre of your universe, the only object of your desire. And the only time you'll access it is when I want your spunk, when I pleasure myself on your pathetic cock, when I allow you to spurt your tribute to my goddesshood." 

She took his face in her hand, her latrix-clad fingers digging painfully into his cheeks, and forced his head up so that he was looking into her piercing grey eyes.

"Forget your old god and your old ten commandments!" She spat at him. " I am your goddess now, and I will give you ten new commandments. You are my slave and you will live, suffer and die by my rules. As I say my commandments, you will repeat them after me. Once you have said them, you will obey them or suffer my punishment:"

"A slave must worship only the Goddess"

Hesitating, reluctant, but with his eys fixed on Thea, Chris repeated the words. "A slave must... A slave must w-w—worship only the Goddess"

"Good," Thea said, nodding approvingly, the second commandment is this: a slave must lust only for the Goddess."

Chris repeated the words, with less hesitation this time. Nodding, Thea continued. "A slave exists only at the whim of the Goddess." "A slave's body belongs only to the Goddess." "A slave must work only for the Goddess." "A slave must always obey the Goddess." "A slave must always be humble before the Goddess." "A slave must always please the Goddess." "A slave's cock must always be hard for the Goddess." "A slave's body must always be fit for the Goddess."

As she said each line, Chris repeated it after her. His reluctance soon gave way to fervour and, by the last commandment, his complete commitment to his new role was obvious.

Thea motioned to Nadia to unbind Chris's wrists and ankles. As soon as he was free, her grovelled at Thea's feet, his head bowed in abject surrender and worship. "You may suck my heels," Thea said, the triumph obvious in her voice. She extended her foot towards him and raised it slightly, allowing him to place his face under the sole of her boot, so that he could suck on the wickedly tapering heel. She shuddered in pleasure as the latrix amplified and trasmitted his oral homage directly to her cunt.

"Tie him to a bench!" She instructed her acolyte, "I'll take him now and bind him to me."

Nadia complied instantly and soon Chris was firmly bound on his back, his legs spread wide. Thea straddled his head, allowing him to gaze with open-mouthed lust at her swollen cunt-lips, now dripping with sex-juice. "Open you mouth!" She ordered."It's time you worshipped my cunt properly".

So saying, she pressed her sex-soaked pussy hard against his mouth, smothering his nose with her arse-cheeks. I could see his tongue frantically lapping at her pussy, while his throat contracted, swallowing as much of her lust-juice as he could. Immediately he began thrusting with his hips, raising them off the bench as far as his bonds would let him, while his penis visibly thickened and lengthened and his balls grew fat and heavy with seed.

"Sit on him!" Thea ordered Nadia. "Rub your juicy cunt over those lash marks! Put your essence into him and make him good and ready for me."

Nadia obeyed instantly. She straddled his body, facing towards Thea; pressing him down with all her weight. Using the fingers of both hands, she opened her pussy-lips wide; rubbing her dripping slit over the wounds that covered Chris's front. Sliding her sex against his flesh, she moved up his body until she was sitting on his chest. Grinding her clitoris hard against his sternum, she embraced the goddess. Their bodies entwined, the two gorgeous dominatrixes rubbed their oiled tits together and kissed deeply, eyes closed in passion.

Breaking away from the kiss, Thea remved another black pellet from under the latrix of her corset. Rising from Chris's mouth, she showed it to him. "Do you see this?" She said. He nodded and she continued. "This is what will bind you to me. I'm going to soak it with my cunt-juice and then push it deep into your anus. Once inside you it will put you completely under my control. You won't be able to cum without my permission. I will always be in your thoughts and all your lust will feed me, for as long as I permit you to live!"

Both girls got off their victim and Thea stood between his legs. Making sure that Chris was looking at her, Thea thrust the pellet deep into her cunt, ensuring that it was thickly coated with her juices. She withdrew it, dripping, and pushed it hard into his exposed anus. As she did so, she chanted this verse, ignoring the man's pitiful cries as the invader took control of him:

"Your balls are ripe and full of seed Your rock-hard cock is what I need. My sopping cunt will ride your meat Your soul is lost, your fate's complete."

"Through glorious sex I am divine While hopeless lust has made you mine. I'll take you now against your will I'll use and spurn you, trample, kill!"

"Your cum will spurt and I will feed. You're bound and branded - mine indeed. My body you will always crave Now I'm your Goddess, you're my slave – So serve your Goddess, worthless slave!"

On the last line she impaled herself on his swollen cock, which Nadia held upright for her. She rode herself to orgasm, while Nadia knelt behind her, pinching her nipples and caressing her slippery breasts.

"Now – cum for me!" She ordered. The helpless man had no choice but to obey. His spurting cock poured thick gobbets of spunk into Thea's gaping cunt, while Nadia knelt beside him, frantically lapping at the excess that oozed out as Thea rose up and dropped down.

Reaching between her breasts, Thea detached the golden double-headed axe from its chain. Still riding Chris's rampant prick, she motioned Nadia to one side. Then, leaning forward and looking the man straight in the eyes, she pressed the golden symbol hard against chest. He cried out in agony as the goddess's sigil burned itself into his flesh, marking him permanently as her slave. His branding complete, Chris lost consciousness. His head lolled to one side as his tortured flesh gave up the hopeless struggle to feed the endless hunger of the ravening goddess. 

Reluctantly, Thea dismounted from her new slave. Her body crackled with energy as she moved on to the next security guard, without a backward glance at the man whose life she had just changed forever. 

Unlike Chris, the other guards were still tied in an upright position. "I can't wait for him to be tied flat on his back," Thea said impatiently, "I'll take him as he is!" So saying, she stood in front of him and ordered Nadia to position his cock between the lips of her pussy. 

Nadia did so, kneeling behind the man as he thrust into Thea's sopping cunt, so that she could lap up the sperm dripping down his legs when he spurted his tribute into the goddess's voracious sex. In a very short time, his arse had been invaded by a pellet, he was branded, drained and hanging unconscious in his bonds.

The other four guards were dealt with in the same way. Thea and her acolyte took much of the life-force from each man and I felt waves of lustful energy washing over me from their glowing, golden bodies as they both became more sexy and beautiful with every victim. Once she had finished with a man, Thea showed her contempt for his pathetic ability to pay the tribute she deserved by slapping at his limp and shrivelled cock. 

At last it was done; the five guards hung in their bonds and George and I alone were left conscious.

"Jake, you and George had better get these slaves carried down to the cells." Thea instructed me. "George will show you where to go." She turned to her beautiful acolyte. "Come to my room my darling, I have a lot to instruct you in before Tricia arrives with new slaves tomorrow."

Thea and Nadia left without a backward glance, while George and I worshipped their swaying arses as they strode away from us, arm in arm, their wicked heels spurning the ground. 

So ended the first long day of my introduction to the brave new world of Thea's domination and power.