 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content. 

*****

(I really appreciate feedback!)

***

To Anne's demise, she realized that her schedule for Tuesdays and Thursdays was different from her Monday/Wednesday/Friday one, meaning she'd get no study hall to fuck in. So she entertained herself the rest of the day, watching all of the girls flash her, and trying to legitimately learn a bit in her afternoon art classes as she was as clueless as could be in that category. As school ended, Anne went to actually meet her mom in the parking lot, practically pushing away potential suitors to get in.

The car rode back to their new apartment was quiet. Patricia was well aware that Anne had been up to no good, but struggled to figure out how to confront her amidst the smalltalk. She asked her about her new school, the teachers, how her math classes were going, but hesitated on asking about who she went home with.

"And I already made new friends!" Anne exclaimed after telling her about her art class. 

"Oh? Who?" Patricia asked, concern in her voice.

It was then that Anne detailed the last day or so to her mother. Fucking Bree, her sister, and her mom. Fucking the latina girl. Having a teacher jack her off. Fucking a black girl with another futa. Patricia listened in silence at her daughter's sexual escapades; she knew something like this would happen, but couldn't believe how much action Anne had gotten in just a couple days. 

"Sweetie, I knew once I'd exposed you to the real world, something like this would happen," Patricia explained in a serious tone. "Your other mom, well, she didn't care about me or you. I begged for her to have sex with me, she got me pregnant, and I didn't know what to do. I didn't want that to happen to you. But when I found out you were like her, I just... I got bitter and I didn't want you to do it to anybody else," Patricia explained. "But it's wrong for me to think I can just shelter you your whole life from that, I know you would have lost your virginity someday anyways," she continued. 

"You can do whatever you want, with whoever you want. Just promise me you won't do something like that," Patricia said as she looked at her daughter. 

"Of course, I would never want to abandon someone like that!! I'm so sorry Mom, I never knew that was what happened," Anne said as she embraced her mom, giving her a big hug. Patricia smiled and held her daughter as they sat parked at the apartment.

Patricia's mom ordered delivery (a rare comfort for them!), and Anne asked how her job went in more detail as the two started to feel comfortable again. Her mom was very clear, however, that they wouldn't be living on much for a while - that is, until some debts were paid off. There went Anne's idea of getting a phone so she could talk to Bree's family. 

After dinner, Anne finished up some homework and thought about all of her sexual experiences of the last couple days. She liked it with Lydia a lot, but she thought Scarlett and Amber were a hot couple and loved having fun with them. She undressed and rubbed her dick, her mind going crazy. She'd planned on just finishing herself there, but then she remembered she was a futa. Any woman would love to fuck her - in fact, they would even pay for it. Anne realized she could kill two birds with one stone.

She excitedly threw her outfit back together and started to head out, her massive bulge easily outlined in her capris. As she headed out the door, her mom yelled out to stop her. "Honey, where are you going?"

"I-uhh, I'm gonna go see if I can find some girls," Anne replied. Though she didn't mean for it, her outfit did little to constrain her dick, and there was a spot of precum that was easily visible to Patricia on her capris. Patricia noticed it and, for the first time since she was abandoned, felt an extreme sense of lust. 

"What are they gonna do for you that I can't, baby?" Patricia responded.

"Uhh, they'll fuck me and maybe pay me for it?" Anne responded awkwardly.

Patricia's pussy flushed at the thought of her daughter going out to pound more women, even though her conscience deplored it. She couldn't believe how big her little girl's dick was too, and she longed to have a better view of it. However, as it turns out, remaining in mostly solitude for several years makes flirting difficult, and neither woman really knew what to say at this point. As a result, Anne waved goodbye and headed out, with Patricia silently sprinting to her bedroom to masturbate soon after.

Anne wasn't really sure how to go about this. She knocked on a few doors, but nobody seemed to be home. She didn't have any money to go anywhere, and didn't want to go too far away from their new home in case she couldn't find her way back. But across the street there were a couple of large houses that she felt could be worth checking out, so she ventured over to explore.

When she rang the doorbell for the first, she stood waiting and heard lots of moaning in the distance. She knew the sounds would be coming from inside; she figured that someone with this much money was probably already paying for a futa. But then a couple of locks unclicked and the door opened. "Ms. Lee's residence," the girl at the door said.

The woman looked like she was in her late 20s. She was short and had long black hair which was covered in dried cum. In addition, she was completely nude except for a shock collar around her neck and a pair clothespins on her nipples. Her eyeliner was running down her cheeks and she had bruises on her neck, thighs, face, and knees. Anne's cock felt like it was about to explode out of her pants as she checked the woman out.

"Oh wow, hi there; I was wondering if... anyone here wanted to pay for me," Anne innocently said.

The girl chuckled mockingly. "Pay? For you? Women come from all around and pay to be Ms. Lee's fuck toys. You think she would pay to fuck you?" 

"Maybe she can pay me to fuck some of her toys then," Anne shot back.

"W-wait, what? You're a futa?" The woman responded, her mood shifting.

Anne undid her capris and pulled out her half hard dick, still standing at an impressive 8+ inches. The woman in the doorway couldn't believe her eyes at the sight of it. "That's... we couldn't even afford something like that," the woman responded. 

"All I need is enough money for a phone," Anne responded as she stroked her cock a little.

"You can't be serious," the woman replied as she bent down on her knees and took it in her hands. "But if that is your rate, my mistress would love for you to come fuck her sluts with her," she said as she started bobbing her head on Anne's dick.

"Mmh... where is she?" Anne asked as she placed a hand on the back of the woman's head.

"Follow me," she replied hungrily as she got up and led the way. Anne had a nice time watching her cute ass (which was also covered in bruises) as the couple made their way through several hallways to finally arrive in a massive bedroom. Now it was Anne's turn to be impressed.

When they got in, Anne could barely tell what was even going on. There were several women - all with the same long black hair, shock collars, and bruises as her greeter - gathered around a futa in her bed. Two of them laid down and let her suck on their tits while she fingered them. Two more sucked on the futa's tits. At the end of the bed, there were women all over - kissing her legs, her feet, her thighs, and, of course, focusing on her genitals too. At least three women were taking turns sucking her dick, while another couple were switching between licking her pussy, balls, and ass. 

"Ms. Lee," the greeter announced. "There is a futa here who is offering herself for $500," the woman continued as the action began to slow down.

The futa reached for a controller of some sort and pressed one of the buttons, sending off what Anne believed to be an extreme shock to all of her lovers - including the greeter. They all quickly ran to one side of the bed and stood firmly in place, perfectly trained and waiting for their next command.

"Please forgive my shitty greeter," the futa said as she spat in the woman's face and approached Anne. "I'm Molly," she said as she extended her hand, covered in girl juice. "I-I'm Anne," the teen responded as she shook the woman's hand.

"So why the low rate? With a cock like that you could do a lot better - and you wouldn't have to come running to another futa to share," Molly responded. 

"I'm kinda new to this and I really just want to have a phone so I can talk to my friend," Anne explained.

Molly grabbed her remote control and pressed another button, tazing one of the women in her lineup of around 12 or so. "Go fetch her $2,000," Molly told her. "Yes ma'am," the submissive responded as she hurried out of the room and into the endless hallways.

"Which of my sluts do you like the most?" Molly asked as she checked out Anne's body more.

"I'm not s-sure, they all look the same," Anne answered truthfully. 

"Then why not all of them?" Molly asked as her slut came in with 20 100 dollar bills. 

"T-there's no way I could-" Anne started before Molly cut her off.

"Then pick one, or don't pick any, and stop wasting my time," she demanded, frustrated at Anne's indecisiveness. 

"Who can take me all the way in their ass?" She asked, hoping it would be okay to ask questions.

"Hmm.. well you're bigger than me, but I have an idea," Molly replied as she looked over her remote. She pressed one of the buttons and another girl of her harem shrieked at the shock she got. She stepped out of line, turned around, put her hands on the bed, and bent over so Anne could have a good look at her ass. It was even more bruised than the greeter's, and it was a good deal larger too.

"What's her name?" Anne said as she felt her dick getting progressively harder.

"She's Slut #7," Molly answered for her. Anne chuckled at the extremity of the other futa. "Does she have another name?" Anne persisted.

"You can call me your anal whore," the woman moaned as she spread her ass. "I'm just here for taking your dick, nothing else," she continued as she started rubbing her clit lightly.

"Fine then, number 7," Anne mumbled as she stripped and walked over to the woman, spitting on her own cock lightly to help squeeze it inside the poor woman. The slut moaned as Anne started pushing her head inside and, by the time she got halfway, seemed to already be orgasming. Anne, on the other hand, wasn't having as much fun. Her cock wasn't wet at all and she was so big that she was finding it difficult to fuck the woman properly.

"I need someone to make my cock wet," she called out. The woman nearest to her quickly walked up and got on her knees, opening her mouth to receive Anne's cock. Anne pulled out and stuffed it in her throat best she could, but the woman could only take around half of it before having to stop and slow down. She switched from ass to mouth a few times but found that she wasn't able to really fuck either of them properly, and she was disappointed at these "pro sluts" not being nearly as good as the family was.

"Molly, do you have any ideas so I can fuck them easier?" Anne said as she turned around. What surprised her was that Molly had called one of her sluts over and was railing her hard and fast as she was bent over the desk in the room, though neither of them dared make a sound while Molly spectated. "I've got an idea," Molly replied as she released her tight grip on the woman's throat. "Come with me," she demanded of the out of breath girl.

Molly and her slut walked over to the threesome as Anne continued trying to stuff her cock deeper and deeper into #7, getting a little further each time. Molly pulled her own slut up by her hair and bent her over the bed next to Anne's, and continued fucking her pussy hard and fast. Anne knew Molly's dick was a bit smaller, but she was a bit jealous that she could fuck girls so much easier.

A few seconds later, Molly pushed Anne back and had her slut get on top of #7 so their asses were both right on top of each other. Molly continued fucking her slut and even made her shock collar go off a few times while she spanked both of the women, make their asses even more red. "You better fucking cum now," Molly moaned in between grunts. "Y-yes Mistress," the woman moaned loudly. Molly gasped and pulled out, demanding her to cum immediately. Her slut rubbed her clit a little and almost screamed as she came and squirted all over #7 below, getting her juices all over her ass. Anne, meanwhile, was still letting the other slut blow her, but she was greatly enjoying the show.

Molly wasn't done yet, though, as she almost threw the top slut off so she could focus on fucking #7's ass. Within a minute, she let out a moan and filled her slut up with her cum, giving Anne all the lubricant she could ever want. Anne's slut, meanwhile, had done a good job of keeping her dick nice and hard in the meantime.

After a few moans, Molly plopped out of her slut, letting Anne continue what she'd started. With a bit of fidgeting, Anne managed to get her ass back inside #7 and due to all of the cum inside her, she found it much easier to fuck her. #7 was certainly enjoying herself being filled up more, as she moaned in delight all sorts of naughty phrases that Anne herself still couldn't always quite figure out.

Anne grabbed onto the woman by her hips and continued her assault, biting her teeth as she moaned and sent #7 through several intense orgasms. The other sluts in the room watched in silence as Anne thrust herself balls deep into the slut and came buckets inside her, before pulling out and spilling many different girls' cum out. Anne was totally spent and exhausted from the whole experience, but she couldn't turn down watching at least 10 women fight over cleaning her cock as Molly demanded her entire harem to clean up her guest. 

When the girls finished (though they continued making out and eating #7's ass), Anne approached Molly, looking for her payment. "Slut #7, this is coming out of your account, got it bitch?" She yelled as she buzzed #7. The poor girl moaned in agony as she smiled big and wide for her dom. Anne put the money in her pocket, got dressed again, and bid goodbye to the orgy of women. 

"Once you get that phone, you should stay in contact with me. I love when other hung futas come visit, makes it more interesting that way," Molly said with a smile. She approached the mob of women and continued on with her day job: satisfying all of the rich sluts who had paid for this treatment. 

--

The instant Anne arrived home, her mother could smell and see the sex on her. Anne, of course, excitedly explained the entire event to her, and even showed her the money she had made. "If you get me a phone, I'll let you keep the change," she told her mother as she sat on the couch. Patricia was praying her daughter wouldn't notice how turned on she was by the whole experience, but figured Anne was too new to the fucking game to really tell yet.

"Do you know what kind you want?" Patricia asked, trying to keep her mind off of the subject.

"No, just anything so that Bree can send me pics of herself," Anne answered, blushing as she thought about her crush. "Oh, and make sure I can get the app on it," she added.

"App? What app?" Patricia asked, not even really knowing what an app was.

"I-It's something that lets me find other girls who want to have sex," Anne answered. This sent another pulse down Patricia's body as her mind conjured up several images of her daughter railing women of all ages and types as they lined up to their apartment door. Her panties continued to flush at the thought of Anne being so desirable.

"I'm sure I'll be able to ask them about that," Patricia finally managed to say in response.

"It's crazy that everyone wants me so bad," Anne said as she sat down and felt the outline of her dick through her pants. "I can't believe so many beautiful women - even families - will let me have so much control over them just because of this."

Patricia's mouth started watering as she noticed how big Anne's cock was. She wanted to be forced to pleasure it, taking it as deep as she could in her throat, just as she had done with her lover 19 years prior. She wanted to take it in all of her holes and let Anne have her way with her. In that moment, she would have been totally fine letting Anne knock her up and leave her again - she felt totally lost in her lust for her own daughter, but she knew that she couldn't let something like this compromise their relationship.

"Y-you can do that but try not to bring too many of them here," Patricia stated weakly. 

"Okay Mom, I'm sure they wouldn't mind having me at their place anyways," Anne answered as she reclined in the couch and relaxed a little.

"Out of curiosity, how big is it?" Patricia spoke up after some brief silence.

"My dick?" Anne asked, a little shocked at her mom's boldness.

"I-yeah, yeah, your thing," she clarified.

"Well when Lydia measured it this morning, it was a little under 10 inches. But I hear they get a little bigger when you first start fucking people," Anne explained to her sex starved mom. Patricia couldn't even imagine taking something that big anywhere, but she definitely tried. 

After some more somewhat uncomfortable silence, Anne spoke up again. "Hey Mom, could you bring me some leftovers from the fridge?" She asked, as her mother was closer.

"Sure, honey," Patricia said as she stood up, a damp spot visible in her jeans.

Anne still wasn't even thinking of her mom sexually - and why would she when she had so many other women occupying her thoughts (she particularly wanted to fuck #7 and Ms. Lawrence at the same time, in her fantasies). But when Patricia emerged from the kitchen completely nude and handed Anne a takeout box, her mood shifted.

"Here you go, baby," Patricia said as she tried to hand the box to Anne. "Uhh, th-thanks," she replied and took the food hesitantly from her mother's hand. 

"Anytime, I'd do anything for you," Patricia replied as she stood naked, directly in front of Anne.

"So, uh, what's with the no clothes thing?" Anne asked as she took a bite of pizza.

"Well, if you're gonna be running around naked here, and every other mom is, I guess I should be too," Patricia answered, as she turned around and bent over seductively to grab some mail that was on the coffee table.

"Do you want anything else from me?" Lydia continued as she turned around, nonchalantly as she could.

"I-uh, think that's all for now, I should probably be getting to sleep," Anne said as she took her food with her into her room. 

Though rejection on that level (from her own daughter no less) certainly stung Lydia, knowing how used and slutty it made her feel only fueled her more. She sat on the couch after Anne disappeared in her room and rubbed out three orgasms, moaning as quietly as she could the whole time. She tasted her juices, cleaned up a little, and headed to bed herself, playing with her own nipples as she fell asleep and dreamed about her daughter's cock filling her up all night.