 Capitulus III (Chapter 03)

"Come here, Sylvi. I won't hurt you," coaxes Cherl.

The girl moves slowly toward the bed. She is desperately trying to remember what the Academy girls did to please women. At nineteen, she has had little experience with sex, even with boys. She has kissed a boy and allowed him to feel her breasts, but she has always been terrified of becoming pregnant and suffering the consequences of bearing a child out of wedlock. In Rome, that can become a criminal offense if the mother is incapable of supporting and raising the child - without a father.

Cherl pats the edge of the bed and tells Sylvi to sit down. When Sylvi sits, Cherl caresses her hair; the girl is so scared that tears well up in her eyes and her breath comes in short little gasps. She is about to cry. Cherl puts her arms around her, holds her for a few minutes and pulls the girl down beside her in bed. The girl's body is slim, her waist narrow, her small breasts are firm and, although not erect, her nipples are large and point slightly upward. Her ample bottom is round and firm. Cherl has to stifle the urge to squeeze Sylvi's nether cheeks hard and even bite them. She tells herself that she must wait until the girl is ready for sexual activity. Cherl can tell that Sylvi is thoroughly frightened of her situation, and she doesn't want to make Sylvi's first experience with her a disaster. Sylvi clings to her like a child to its mother and Cherl is moved. Waiting will make having sex with Sylvi even more enjoyable. They lie entwined until they fall asleep. It has been an exhausting day for both of them.

A light rapping on the door brings Cherl to a groggy awakening. She is spooning Sylvi and gently pushes her loins against the girl's plush bottom. Sylvi wakes and pushes her rear against Cherl. In her sleepy state, she has forgotten that it is a female behind her. For a moment, it doesn't seem to matter and she pushes and wiggles her buttocks enjoying the fleshy contact. Cherl kisses the nape of Sylvi's neck and breathes in the sweet scent of the woman/child. The rapping becomes more insistent and Cherl mutters, "C'min."

The door opens slightly and Milla's face wearing a mischievous grin appears. "Are you having sex? Is it okay if we all come in?" 

"All? Who 'all' is out there?" The door opens all the way and six giggling young ladies come pouring through the door and pounce on the bed. Cherl and Sylvi are overwhelmed by the incursion, but manage to sit up in bed, and with sleep filled eyes, look over this assaulting menagerie. It is the four musicians and Steev's consorts. Delia kisses Cherl's bare breasts and asks Sylvi if she enjoyed last night. She doesn't touch Sylvi as she is Cherl's possession and Delia would need the woman's permission to do so, but she doesn't carry that need in her questions. She is excited to know how Sylvi performed.

"Miss, did Sylvi use her tongue well? Did she bring you to many orgasms? Was her mouth as good as it looks? Has she drunk from you yet this morning? Was she able to empty you completely? Please tell us. We are dying to know how she performed her duties. Last evening, after bathing her, we told her how to enter your room, drop her chiton, and kneel awaiting your requests, but we didn't have time to instruct her how to behave in bed. Was she good? Oh please tell us."

Cherl is almost overcome at the naiveté of these young women. "Yes, she was very good and pleased me very much. However, do not ask such personal questions. We have right to some privacy."

Dani says, "Oh Miss, it's just that we know Sylvi from the Academy and love her. We were all in Music Time with her. Milla and Fresci were with her in Work Time, too. We were saddened when she wasn't permitted to take part in Pleasure Time. She is so gorgeous that we would like to have had sexual activity with her. She would come to watch us practice, and we would do our best to get her to notice us. We would pretend that we were licking her when we licked each other. Fresci had such a strong crush on Sylvi that she would dream of her and call her name in her sleep."

Fresci pipes up, "I did not. You're making that up." The girls laugh at Fresci's embarrassment. Fresci blushes down to her breasts, but asks, "Will we be permitted to have sex with Sylvi?"

"I'll think about it, but until I've had my fill, it will be confined to you girls licking her. Don't ask her to lick you until I tell you she can. In any case, wait until she feels more at home here. I'll tell you when." The girls are thrilled. This is more than they had expected. "Now, why did you all come piling into my room so early? Was it just to hear the latest sexual gossip?"

There is a wail of consternation. "Oh Miss, we forgot. We were sent to tell you that Claude, Zhanet, and Steev are waiting for you to have the morning meal. Oh, we should be beaten for such bad behavior." The girls have never been punished for such minor infractions and don't think their request for punishment will be taken seriously. As a group, they jump off the bed, pull on their chitons, and race out the door. Cherl watches their chiton-clothed bottoms wiggle and squirm as they dress and then leave the room. She is wet again.

She bends and kisses Sylvie's bare belly and tells her to get dressed. She pulls on her own chiton and takes Sylvie's hand. She takes the girl to the dining area where they are greeted by their host and hostess. Steev grumbles something about having to wait to eat. 

As Cherl's slave girl, Sylvie is expected to kneel beside her and wait until Cherl is finished eating before she eats. In some households, the slave girl gets to eat only what her mistress or master leaves on her or his plate. In this household, that is not a practice; however, Cherl feeds the young woman by hand as she eats. She thinks she is doing this surreptitiously, but the others smile at this minor deception. Sylvi is more relaxed. Cherl hadn't expected sex from her last night and sleeping against the naked woman was actually very enjoyable. The food Sylvi is given is more delicious than any she has ever tasted before, even at the Academy. The food there was nutritious but plain. 

She is concerned about her mother and wonders if she is being fed well. They had had very little food since her father had been killed in battle and his stipend to them had discontinued. They had been constantly hungry since then. Although anxious to know about her mother, she will be patient and ask only at the proper time. 

She has given herself to Cherl, and, in good faith, intends to honor that commitment to the best of her ability. She knows that she is not her own person any longer. She grieves that she will never have sex with a man and will never be a wife and mother. She will have to live in the present, at Cherl's behest, and try not to think of what might have been. It will be a difficult task. 

Cherl sends Sylvi off to spend time with the other girls. She warns her not to let them get her into bed. She knows that they will try in spite of Cherl's admonition. She tells Sylvi that she will look out for her mother and let Sylvi know her mother's whereabouts and her condition. Cherl is concerned that Cordele's trauma of yesterday, standing for hours with a stake in her vagina, may have unhinged the woman. She goes looking for Claude's personal physician who may be aware by now of Cordele's mental state.

Once she finds him, she asks, "Doctor, what is Cordele's prognosis? Will there be any lasting effects from her ordeal?"

The doctor tells her the time worn message that all doctors on all worlds, in all dimensions, at all times give to anyone who asks, "Time will tell, my dear. Time will tell. She has suffered no physical damage except for a bit of bruising from the pole being inside her for many hours, but she was dehydrated and malnourished. I have seen to it that she gets the proper food, drink, and rest. She should be all right in a few days. If you could spend a little time with her, so she doesn't feel all alone, it would help. She knows her daughter, Sylvie, is fine and she is relieved to hear that. Maybe Sylvie could visit her after you do." He tells Cherl where Cordele is. 

Cherl is stunned when she enters Cordele's room. She hadn't really taken notice of the woman yesterday. She was too engrossed in her gorgeous daughter. Cordele had been dirty, bedraggled, and worn. Now, she has been bathed, fed, dressed and there is color back in her face. She is more mature than her daughter, but she is just as beautiful. Cherl is smitten as she was with Sylvie. "Hello, Cordele. I'm Cherl. How are you feeling?"

"I feel much better, thank you. I remember you from yesterday. You're the lady that bought Sylvi and me and saved my life. I am very grateful to you. How do I refer to you?" 

"I didn't buy you, Cordele. I paid your debts. You are indentured."

Cordele smiles and says, "It's the same thing, Ma'am. I'll never be able to repay you that sum. I have resigned myself to be your slave. I regret that my daughter is now a slave also, but I doubt that you would have wanted just me when you could have that lovely child. I ache that she will never know a man as I did her father, but if she must be a slave, I'm glad it is to someone as compassionate as you." Cordele bows her head. Cherl doesn't know if the bow was to her or because Cordele is feeling heartsick.

"Cordele, you are welcome to join the rest of the household. You needn't stay cooped up in this room. We here are all your friends. You won't find nicer people."

"I appreciate that, but what will my duties be? I am willing to work hard. This is really much better than trying to survive on the streets, and I will not give you any trouble. Where is Sylvi and will I get to see her?"

"Sylvi is with a group of girls whom she knew at the Academy. I believe they are enjoying being together. She is fine."

"Thank you. I am so relieved. We've had such a hard time since my husband was killed. It IS a relief to know we will be fed and housed. I assume you bought Sylvi for sexual purposes. That is usually the reason for buying young girls. Is she distraught over that? Will she be -- be - be subjected to um, um perversions? Please forgive me for being so forward, but I am her mother and very concerned."

"Rest your mind, Cordele. She will have to perform lesbian sexual acts with me and the other women in the household, but she won't be subjected to anything that I would consider abnormal."

"Am I too old for you to have sex with, Ma'am?" 

Cherl is taken aback. "You're not old, and you are beautiful, too. I would very much enjoy having you in my bed. Why are you asking such a question?" 

"I thought that I might take some of the, um, pressure off Sylvi. I am thirty-seven, Ma'am, and know I'm not young and attractive as when I first met my husband, but I would try very hard to please you if you would just explain to me what a woman does for another woman. I am a little naïve at my age."

"No, Cordele. You may not stand in for your daughter. I purchased her because I found her beautiful and I desired her. You may not substitute for her. I'm sorry to be so blunt, but I don't want there to be any misunderstandings. However, I find you very appealing, too, and I would want you to share my bed in your own right, but not for Sylvi. 

"Do you want to meet your host and then seek out Sylvi or would you prefer to be by yourself for a while? I know this is a lot to assimilate, especially after your ordeal."

"Yes, Ma'am. Yesterday, I was positive I was going to die a painful death, but I was more concerned about leaving Sylvi alone than I was for my life. I can't begin to tell you how wonderful it is to know neither is going to happen. I have never had sex with a woman, Ma'am, but I would be pleased to do anything you would like. Not just out of gratitude, either. I find you appealing, also. I am a bit embarrassed saying that; I am heterosexual, but since the opportunity has arisen, I guess I am curious."

"We can enjoy each other doing whatever you are comfortable doing. By the way, as a slave or indentured, you may not call me by my name, but I am thirty-three, younger than you, and you don't have to call me ma'am. You may refer to me as Cherl when you speak to others but not directly to me. The other girls call me Miss. If you like, you may call me that. Wait, that's no good either; it's too stilted. How about Missie? I've known a woman whose nickname was Missie. It's almost a name, but not quite. Yes, Missie will do. Alright?" Cordele nodded yes, and moved to hug Cherl, thought better of it and stepped back. "Well, if we're ever going to be lovers, Cordele, you certainly can hug me -- when we're alone -- like now." They hugged and Cherl kissed Cordele cheek. "Now, let's go find your daughter." Cordele felt as if she were walking on air. Her aches were gone and she thought the future was going to be positive. She still felt bad for Sylvi. Well, no one had promised them orchids or that life would be easy.

Cherl and Cordele enter the dining area where Steev, Claude, and Zhanet are talking. Sylvi, Keri, and Milla are setting the table. Fresci, Delia, and Dani are carrying platters of food from the kitchen. Steev looks up and says, "Who's your beautiful friend, Cherl?

All eyes turn and look; Sylvi gasps, "Momma," and runs to the woman and throws her arms around her. 

Steev and Claude are perplexed. Claude says, "I thought Sylvi's mother was the woman whose debts we paid. If this is Sylvi's mother, who was the woman on the stake?"

Cherl laughs so hard, she snorts, "Claude, this IS the woman who was on the stake. It took a little bathing, food, and clothes to bring out her beauty, but this is Cordele. Cordele, this is your host, Claude, and your hostess, Zhanet."

"Oh Sir, Madame, thank you for everything, you saved my life and my daughter's, too. I'll never be able to repay you." She kneels in front of Claude and bursts into tears. She is very emotional. The realization of how close she and Sylvi came to having their lives end overwhelms her. Claude lifts her to her feet and stutters. He doesn't know how to receive her gratitude. Finally, Zhanet welcomes her to their household and invites her to sit with them at dinner. "No Ma'am, I appreciate your kindness, but I'm your slave, and my daughter is your slave, too. We cannot sit at your table with you." 

Zhanet says, "Cordele, I'm a slave to Claude, also, but I understand. We won't embarrass you by insisting. Sylvi, take your mother to the kitchen and when you're finished eating, take her to her room and stay there with her until Cherl needs you. Now, can the rest of us sit down and eat? All this emotion has made me very hungry."

Steev asks, "If you can sit here with us, Zhanet, why can't Cordele? She is only indentured."

"Oh Steev. You are so blind. First of all, I am the mistress of the house. Even if I am Claude's property, I can sit at meals with you. And yes, Cordele could have shared our meal, but Sylvi couldn't. She is a slave and has no stature here. How would that have made her mother feel if her beautiful daughter had to kneel and wait for us to finish eating when she didn't? Steev, you need some schooling in Roman etiquette." 

Steev shrugs, but he is embarrassed. Not for his lack of knowledge of etiquette, but for not recognizing the facts of the matter -- the obvious. Zhanet shares a look with Cherl and says, "Men!" They laugh and start to eat.

Later that evening, Cherl goes to her room and finds Cordele and Sylvi waiting for her. She invites them in; Sylvi drops her chiton and tells her mother to drop hers. Cordele is confused but does as her daughter suggests. Sylvi explains why she must; Cherl is eying Cordele's body; she has a luscious body. It isn't as tight and firm as Sylvi's, but it is plush, curvy and sexy. Cherl is wet again. She thinks, "Drat, having a wet pussy all the time is not what I would have wanted that damned ExoSphere to endow me with. At times, yes but not every time I see a nice female body." She smiles and asks them to sit. Cordele sits on a chair, but without thinking, Sylvi crawls up on the bed and sits next to Cherl. 

Cordele says, "Sylvi, tell Cherl what you told me." 

Sylvi buries her head against Cherl's shoulder and tells her that she lied to her. "Miss, I did go to the Academy almost every day, and I did watch the girls perform their duties, but I didn't always go when they were practicing sex with each other. I wasn't interested since I thought I was going to marry a man and have sex with him. I watched the boys having sex with the female captives and learned what the boys were interested in. 

"When the Academy girls practiced make believe sex with men, I mimicked their movements, and went home and practiced until I was very good at it. I just didn't watch or practice sex with girls. You must hate me for deceiving you. Please don't send my mother and me back. I'll do anything you want me to do, but I'll have to learn how. Maybe the other girls will show me how. I'll try very hard."

"Honey, you didn't deceive me. When I saw you at the Academy, I wanted you very badly. Your beauty awed me. I sort of figured you said what you did to save your mother. I deceived myself, Sylvi. Anyway, I discussed this with Milla and Delia. They don't remember you being there when they had sex with each other. I knew before you told me, but I'm glad you did. I wouldn't want to believe you would keep secrets from me no matter the cost.

"Now stop crying; I won't send you back. Furthermore, there isn't a lot to learn about lesbian sex. I could tell you in five minutes. It doesn't take a whole year to learn. The reason it takes that long at the Academy is that the girls have to be so used to the idea that they won't be shocked if they are sold to a woman and not a man. They have become inured to the idea that it doesn't matter if they have intercourse with either sex. It's just conditioning, sweet baby. But there's one thing I can't teach you. I can't teach you to want to have sex, with a man - or a woman. Though, I want very much to have sex with you."

Cherl looked over Sylvi's shoulder at Cordele, winked and smiled as if to say, "I want to have sex with you, too. Very much, pretty woman."

"Oh Miss, I'm so grateful. I was terrified that you wouldn't want me, us, any more. I'll stay with you tonight and, if you just tell me, I know I can do it. I love you, Miss."

"You know, Sylvi, I want you to think about this. Tell the other girls what you told me. Get things straight with them first. They won't think badly of you. When I spoke with Milla and Delia, they told me they really cared about you. They'll be a bit surprised, but they'll understand. I think my talking to them today got them thinking of what you actually saw them do. Go visit with them. Stay with them tonight. Maybe they will give you some ideas about lesbian sex. Go on, now." 

Sylvi jumps off the bed and picks up her chiton. She starts to leave, but remembers to dress before she opens the door. She turns and smiles at her mother and Cherl, and skips off. She may be nineteen, but she's still a child.

Cordele, could you stay for a minute? I'd like to discuss something with you.

"Cordele, what type of work do you want to do here? I don't want to see you assigned duties that will be anathema to you." 

"Missy, I am a dancer and a very good seamstress. I can tailor anything you'd like, but that's not why you asked me to stay, is it? I could see the way you looked at my body when I took off my chiton. You want to have sex with me, don't you? If you really like my body, I am very pleased. I am curious about what women do with and to each other. I would like very much to stay with you tonight. Will I be able to kiss you? I am particularly interested in your mouth." Cherl motions her near and Cordele gets on the bed; the women begin a long session of kissing and learning about each other. They lose themselves in each other's arms. Cordele feels her trials shed from her, and she hears herself purring. She sighs and lets herself go with the moment. This is lovelier and sweeter than sex she used to have with her husband. 
