 Chapter 01: The Beginning?

At the right place, at the right time

The year is 2132; the thermo nuclear war between the United States of Europe and the Peoples Democratic Republic of East Asia is in its second week. City-States in both countries have been decimated. The North America/Africa/Australia Coalition, satellite of the USE, had been destroyed in the opening three hours of the war. The South/Central American Populist Group, allied with the PDR-EA, has been hurt badly, is reeling, and is no longer a threat to the USE. The MidEastern/Israeli/U.S.S.-Ukraine/India Bloc has been knocked out of action; is no longer effective as a fighting force; and has agreed to supply the PDR-EA with foodstuffs if and when it wins the war. 

Deep within the bowels of a mountain in central USE, two scientists huddle nervously, feeling the mountain tremble as nuclear weapons pound the territory immediately around their sheltered area. They know that it is just a matter of time before the missiles zero in on their bunker. 

They are sitting in a large metal sphere, eighty feet in diameter. The ExoSphere is both laboratory and residence for these two, Steev Banks and Cherl Carter, scientists who, between them, have a long list of academic degrees. Those degrees will not be of any help when the hydrogen weapons find them.

The floor they are on is the diameter of the ExoSphere. The hemisphere below them contains a large amount of machinery and scientific equipment. The top hemisphere is a lab and living quarters. Surrounding the ExoSphere is a cavernous hall that is also home to a vast array of technical equipment. 

They have been attempting to look back in time to the Roman era when that state was a world power. They and their fellow scientists have had some success and their screens, while blurry and flickering, have shown life in the Italian countryside surrounding and including Rome. They had realized, prior to the commencement of the war, that their power supply, although enough to supply a large city, was not adequate to produce the results they had hoped to have.

One hundred and seventy three other scientists, technicians, clerical staff, and utility workers have left to be with their loved ones. Steev and Cherl have stayed behind, having no immediate families or significant others, in the belief that they are safe buried deep within the mountain. In an attempt to keep their minds off the nearing disaster, they work hard to reestablish the faint connection with ancient Rome.

They feel the smashing force of a direct hit above them, the lighting dims, brightens, and all is quiet. Forty five year old Steev and thirty-three Cherl cringe waiting for the mountain and their lives to end. Nothing. ALL is quiet. They no longer feel the missiles striking the countryside.

Steev opens the iris door of the ExoSphere and finds dirt up against the ExoSphere. He surmises that the mountain has collapsed around them; the spherical shape of their habitat has withstood the pressure. He is stunned thinking there is no way out of their dilemma. 

The ExoSphere has self-sustaining life support and a brand new 2132 replicator. They can live in the ExoSphere for six to seven weeks without new supplies, but then ... Steev closes the iris door thinking it will keep dirt out of the ExoSphere.

Strange ideas pop into one's head at a time like this. Steev laughs to himself as he thinks about being stranded on this desert(ed) isle with a lesbian. Good going Steev. Good choice of a companion. The powers that be have played a practical joke on them.

Well, she wasn't really his choice. She had decided to stay with him for safety sake. She realizes that all of the people who left are most likely atomic particles by now. She also thinks and is amused by the fact that she has been stuck alone with a heterosexual male. 

Life is funny. She will spend the time left to her -- sexless. Not a happy situation. She smiles and shakes her head. Maybe he would go down on her while she closes her eyes and pretends he's another female. Not hardly, with beard stubble rubbing on her inner thighs. No, her sex life is over. She wonders if she should bite the bullet and allow Steev to use her body; she shudders at the thought. 

They check out their supplies and the brand new, unused, untested replicator that was given to their team to be guinea pigs. The machine's egress chute is four by four and so, not large enough to replicate a boring machine to dig their way out of the collapsed mountain. Steev laughs again and thinks of replicating hand shovels. It would probably take only one or two hundred years to dig their way out. 

He wonders if the large number of rep-cards includes shovels. They probably do as the producers of the replicator tried to think of all possible necessities. In any case, the output could be a bit larger than a breadbox. He wonders what a breadbox is. 

Inserting a needle sized card bearing specific formulation into the pertinent slot and filling the hopper with any organic or inorganic material and pressing the appropriate buttons would cause the replicator to change the input material into its basic atomic structure; the machine would use the information on the card and then "paint" the article with the atoms now on tap. Steev thought the machine was a big joke. Not being an atomic physicist, he couldn't imagine this thing actually producing an article. Now if the machine could reproduce a heterosexual, gorgeous, stacked babe. No. He recalled that the machine supposedly only reproduces inanimate objects -- nonorganic, not even foodstuffs. When their food runs out, they starve.

He muses that as he and Cherl 'run' out, they could put themselves through the replicator and leave statues of themselves here for all eternity or until the mountain erodes away. Steev thinks he may be losing it.

However, they have plenty of raw material for the replicator to use: the entire mountain.

The following day, to amuse themselves, the two open the iris door, and using a small container, scoop up dirt and put it in the replicator hopper. They locate the catalog rep-card for a shovel, push the button to insert the miniscule item, and press the large green button marked 'start'. A flashing yellow screen shows, "Inadequate material for this item." They scoop more dirt into the hopper until the machine starts humming. A few minutes later, the shovel appears against the restraining fence in front of the output chute. It works! The machine works!

Laughing, they fill the hopper again and make another shovel. Filling the hopper again, they look at the catalogue item list on the screen wondering what else they can replicate. When they attempt to replicate an item with moving parts, the machine's screen reads, "Processing -- please wait." Finally after a few minutes have passed, the machine ejects a pistol. They think that when things get really bad, they will take the quick way out.

Now, they need ammunition for the pistol and open the iris door to dig some more dirt. Cherl pushes her shovel into the dirt, but as she does, the dirt begins to shift and slide and she quickly closes the portal.

Waiting for the movement to subside, they eat lunch. When they go back to the portal and open it, they are shocked. Through a small hole in the dirt, they see light streaming in. They think they have opened a way to the larger hall that the ExoSphere is in. Then they realize that there cannot be power to the lighting system. The missile had to have destroyed the main generator. The only power left is the auxiliary generator inside the sphere.

Being aware that more digging may cause a further collapse, they cautiously begin, dumping the dirt into the replicator hopper to make bins to hold more dirt.

They realize that the light is sunlight and begin digging faster. Eventually, they manage to excavate a hole big enough to crawl through. They emerge into a pristine landscape. There is no sign of bomb craters, burned out buildings, and other widespread damage.

Looking back at their capsule, they realize that it is more than half buried underground and inside a hillock covered with grass and flowers. Where the devil are they? Where is the countryside they were expecting to find? They return to the ExoSphere, change to walking shoes, put the now loaded pistol into a portfolio and start off to explore. Steev realizes that the ExoSphere is wide open and may attract people or animals. He goes back and closes the iris door from an exterior switch and shovels dirt into the hole they had dug to get out. They start out again.

A few kilometers from the capsule, they find a road built with flat stones. Following the road, they see a man coming toward them. He is dressed in an odd fashion; he is wearing a toga and leather sandals. As he approaches them, he raises his hand and says, "Ave." They repeat the word to him and wait for him to speak again. As he speaks, they realize he is speaking latin. 

Thank heavens for their Latin classes and the language they often needed in some of their studies. After stumbling along in that language, they get across to the man that they are strangers who have come to find trading partners. He asks them if clothing like they're wearing will be included in that trade. When Steev says it is, the man invites them to his home for a repast. He says he is a local merchant and would very much like to enter into a trade agreement with them.

Steev and Cherl are stunned when he takes them to his home which is a large beautiful gardened estate two kilometers up the road. They have a light meal brought to them by two young, very pretty women dressed in chitons that they recognize as the dress of ancient Greece. They are now extremely curious as to their location. They try asking surreptitious questions of their host, but he is too involved in asking them about their clothing and other possible trade goods to answer their queries.

Finally, they tell the man, Claude, that if they had a way to transport some of their trade goods, they would make him a present of them. Claude offers them the use of a wagon and a driver. They accept the offer of the wagon but decline the driver. He shrugs and sends one of men to prepare a horse and small cart.

Realizing that Claude may think he'll steal the transport, Steev tells Cherl to stay while he goes back to the ExoSphere. After a little difficulty handling the horse, Steev gets back to the ExoSphere and begins to run off copies of pants and shirts. While the replicator is humming away, he goes to the computer, tells it what he wants to know, and waits a few minutes for an answer. 

The computer tells him something that blows his mind. The computer reveals that they are no longer in the universe they started out in. It describes how the H-bomb struck the ExoSphere's main power generation plant and sent power through the huge cables thousands of times stronger than normal. 

The ExoSphere, in a past-searching mode received that awesome surge and was sent through another dimension into a parallel universe to a planet and era mimicking the ExoSphere's search patterns. Through some unknown factors, Steev and Cherl are now in that place. After sitting and staring at the walls for a while, Steev shrugs his shoulders and thinks about returning back to Claude and Cherl. 

For further trade, Steev replicates throwaway razors, shaving soap, and wrap-around skirts for women. Size wouldn't matter since the skirts could be adjusted to any size within a certain range. His choice of female apparel leaves something to be desired. 

He loads the clothing that almost overwhelms the cart. He had forgotten to put a limit on the machine and it kept on churning out clothes over and over while Steev was using the computer. When he returns to Claude's, two men in loincloths unload the cart and return it and the horse to the stables.

Claude is ecstatic when he looks over the pants and shirts. He is visualizing how they will sell and what his profits will be. "How much do you want for this treasure? He asks Steev.

Steev tells him that a certain amount of the goods are a present to repay Claude for his gracious hospitality. He divides the goods in half and tells Claude to pay him whatever he thinks the rest is worth. Claude is an honest man inasmuch as he thinks he better offer a fair price or possibly lose further custom. Claude insists on his new friends staying for the evening meal and offers them a room for the night. They tell him they are not mates and he offers them separate bedrooms. 

Claude calls the two serving girls into the atrium and gives each of them one of the wrap around skirts. They are unaware of how they fit on, so Cherl takes one and wraps it around her waist over her jeans. The two girls follow suit and don the wraps around their waists. 

"No, my dears, they are to be worn instead of your chitons." 

A light dawns in their eyes. Almost simultaneously, they reach up and undo a clip on one shoulder and their attire slides down their slim bodies to the floor. They are completely nude. Steev and Cherl are awestruck; the girls have gorgeous bodies. Totally unaware of the effect their nudity is having on the heterosexual Steev and the homosexual Cherl, they pick up their gowns, fold them carefully, lay them on a shelf near the door, and pick up the wraparound skirts. 

They are a bit inept at finding the precise way to wear them, so Cherl helps each one in turn; she makes a point of touching their bodies as she shows them how the wraparounds are worn. Finally, the girls are wearing them but are still topless. Their breasts are not large but full and firm. They are the size and shape of two large pears; they are succulent. Both Cherl and Steev can feel their loins twitch. Cherl wets her panties. Steev struggles to stop an erection; he is unsuccessful.

The girls prance and twirl around causing the skirts to flare and exposing their bottoms and pubes. They are visibly happy to wear these new items. Finally, Claude dismisses them and they leave the room taking their chitons with them.

"Well, they seem to enjoy those -- what did you call them -- skirts. What do your women usually wear to cover their breasts when they wear the skirts or do they go bare breasted?" 

"Forgive me, Claude. I should have brought blouses, uh, something like what Cherl is wearing. By the way, the girls look so much alike. Are they twins and are they your daughters?"

"They are twins, but they are not related to me. I purchased them from the server market. They were an exceptional buy, don't you think? A matched pair is rare."

During the evening, they are entertained by four lovely young women playing musical instruments. One is playing a harp, but the other three instruments are unknown to Cherl and Steev. A woman appears in the doorway and Claude bids her to enter. He introduces her to his guests as his love lady or Steev has misinterpreted the Latin term. 

Zhanet has been in town to play board games with some lady friends, to do a little shopping, and to hear the latest gossip. She asks why the two young serving girls are wearing strange garments and are bare breasted. Claude explains and tells her that he and Steev are now trading partners and that Steev has given him a fortune in new clothing and is selling him another equal amount. 

He tells Zhanet that the money he expects as profit will allow him to buy her the exquisite four-wheel chariot and six white horses, a driver, and footman that she has been wanting; she thanks Steev profusely and offers to share his bed that evening. Although Claude is smiling, Steev thanks her for her generous offer but since she is Claude's love lady, he is loathe to accept. Claude laughs and claps him on the shoulder. 

The two pretty serving girls attend Steev as he prepares for bed. They bring soap, water and towels and begin to undress him. They have him stand over a drain in the floor, lather him, and rinse off the soap. They giggle when he gets an erection as they wash his penis. They dry him with thick towels and then pull down the bedclothes. He thanks them and gets into the bed. He bids them goodnight and rolls over on his side, horny as hell. A moment later, the girls slide into bed on either side of him. They are naked and their skin feels satin smooth. He is a very happy man.

Cherl is attended by two young men who help her with her ablutions, but when they offer further services, she shakes her head no and they leave. She slides into the soft bed and prepares to go to sleep. It has been a long unusual day. It is not complete yet. Cherl hears someone enter the room; she turns in bed expecting another male servant. 

It is Zhanet who pauses and then removes her chiton. She poses for a few moments, so that Cherl can look over her body. She cups her hands under her large firm breasts and then extends her hands, palms up, toward Cherl. She has a quizzical look on her face. She stands there nude, her hands still extended waiting for a reply from Cherl. Cherl throws back the bed cover and motions for Zhanet to share her bed. This is not going to be a sexless time for Cherl after all. 

She and Zhanet kiss and fondle one another until they are aroused to the point of exploding. Cherl slips down between Zhanet's legs and licks her inner thighs from knee to crotch. When the woman begins gasping, Cherl begins to slowly lick her slit. When Zhanet's vagina opens, Cherl pushes her tongue into the canal as far as she can reach. She licks and sucks until Zhanet pleads for release. 

Cherl begins another procedure; she probes into the woman's vagina, but slides her tongue out, up between the woman's labia and up over her clitoris. Cherl continues this and increases the tempo until Zhanet orgasms and her juices burst into Cherl's face and mouth. Cherl thinks, "I hope all the women here taste this good. I've never tasted pussy juice this delicious before." 

It will be so as the computer took this factor into a nanosecond of consideration when it flung them into this parallel universe. 

Zhanet returned the flavor, uh, favor and sucked and licked Cherl into seven or eight earth shattering orgasms. They fell asleep with Zhanet's face against Cherl's breasts.

As fatigued as he is, er, was, Steev spends hours touching, feeling, kissing, tasting the two delicious young bodies on either side of him. When one begins to softly moan, Steev reaches between her legs; he finds her vagina wet and slides his middle finger into her canal. Her hymen hinders his finger. 

He stops and wonders if he will offend his host by taking her virginity. That may be for Claude to take advantage of. He tests the twin and finds that she is virgin also. Steev is torn between satisfying his lust and possibly offending Claude. He manually stimulates one girl's clitoris until she orgasms and then does the same to her sister. He kisses them, takes them into his arms and prepares to sleep.

As he is dozing, he feels a mouth on his penis. He is immediately wide-awake and fully erect. The girls take turns fellating him until he can no longer hold back; he erupts into Keri's mouth as she continues to create a vacuum like suction. He empties and falls back onto the pillow sated. 

The girl shares Steev's 'gift' with her sister, Sera, their mouths open and pressed tightly together. They suck his semen back and forth until they have an equal share and then swallow. Keri, the girl who received Steev's semen directly allows her twin to lick up the semen still oozing from Steev's penis. The two girls return to kissing and licking each other's open mouths until there is no trace left of Steev's largesse. Sera asks Steev if he has to urinate. He says no, but he wonders what she would have done if he had said yes. They curl up against him and the sated three fall asleep.
