 Prologue

The stealth ship approached Earth in a weird orbit, first hiding behind the moon and then, after careful analysis of its collected data, in the tiny, constantly moving shade behind a group of geo-stationary satellites where no radar would be able to detect it. Once inside the geo-stationary layer it drifted among the debris, slowly descending without attracting any attention. The process took a long time but the ship didn't know hurry. Living matter couldn't survive the interstellar distances but machines and programs could. In the ship's data banks sat the full personality programs of its virtual passengers. Early in its approach the ship had intercepted a broadcast signal communicating the complete DNA code of the planet's dominant species, an almost impossible stroke of luck but the ship didn't know about horses and certainly wasn't about to look a gift one in the mouth. In its vats a pair of bodies were almost completely grown. By the time it reached the planet's surface, the programming would be complete and the passengers ready to set out on their mission.

Chapter 1

"This is a mission right up your alley, agent Sculder," Mr Skimmer of mission command said. "Let me run over the details for you."

Special agent Finn Sculder and his ever-skeptic partner Vixen Mully listened attentively.

"A farmer called the local sheriff's office and said a flying saucer had landed in his corn field," Skimmer continued. "A while later he calls again to say it was just a weather balloon. But it so happened that the sheriff himself had been nearby when the dispatcher called out the first alarm, so when the cancellation went out he said he was already near the place and could see the spaceship and was going in. Then he calls back in and says it was a balloon that had draped itself over the cornstalks in a strange way. Next, the sheriff gets himself killed in a car crash on his way back to town and that is when this turns really weird. The local coroner performed an autopsy and contacted us to report that the sheriff had acquired a genital piercing."

"Excuse me, Sir," Sculder interrupted. "I understand that it may be a bit unorthodox for a country sheriff to pierce his genitals, but that's hardly cause to call in federal authorities."

"The coroner said it wasn't there that same morning."

"If I ask how he knew that," Sculder asked with a crooked grin, "would I regret it?"

"SHE said she could testify in court it wasn't there the same morning."

"Whoa, are you saying they let his wife perform his autopsy? That would be most irregular."

"No, I am under the impression that they were both married but not to each other. Their relationship appears to have been sufficiently clandestine that the crew brought the body to her automatically and she decided to go through with the autopsy rather than face exposure."

"And then she called us to blow the whistle? She must have been really disturbed by what she saw."

"Exactly. Which is why it's so interesting that a few hours later, she phoned in again to call us off. Claimed it was all a mistake."

Sculder's eyes lit up. "So now you want me to go check on why three people first report something odd and then change their stories. Wow! This is like straight out of that movie, what's it called?"

"The Puppet Masters. Based on a book by Robert Heinlein."

"Yeah, that's the one. So what do you think? An elaborate hoax? A cover-up of something big?"

"Probably just a hoax, but we're not here to guess so I want you to go find out. Mully, you go with him and make sure his feet stay on the ground. You'll report to Sculder during this assignment but I expect a separate report directly to me when you're back. OK?"

"Yes, Sir!" Mully had remained quiet during the entire conversation but inside she cursed over Sculder being included. This was an open-and-close case and she could handle it better alone. And now she'd have to report to Sculder? It'd make him even more insufferable than normal.

As they left the offices, Sculder grinned at Mully. "See you at the airport first thing tomorrow morning, agent Mully."

"Yes, Sculder," she replied wearily.

"That's 'Sir' to you, Mully!"

Mully sighed. "Yes, Sir!"

"And remember to shave! You must look your best in case we encounter some nasty aliens who want to probe us, rectally or otherwise."

"You know I always do," Mully snapped. "Sir," she added just as he was about to open his mouth.

Chapter 2

They met at the departure gate next morning. Sculder had over-packed as usual and was furious that the security control had forced him to check his "toys" case. "I'm a federal agent," he whined. "They need to learn their place. What about you, Mully? Any problems with security?"

"No Sir," she replied without thinking. "My plastic dildo doesn't show up on the metal detectors." She could have bitten her tongue off the moment that comment slipped out. Sculder had no sense of humor. It was one of those normal human traits that he just couldn't seem to grasp. Instead he immediately pounced on her remark.

"I don't think you need to worry about lonely nights on this assignment, agent Mully," he said with that infuriating dead-pan voice of his.

"It's a strap-on, Sir!" Again, the words flew out of Mully's mouth before she could stop herself. At least she managed to stop her treacherous lips before they continued "so I'll be able to give you the ass-fuck you so rightly deserve!" Instead, she gave up and chickened out. "I was hoping you'd fuck me in both holes simultaneously, Sir." Inside her head, Mully screamed silently at herself, cursing at her treacherous body. Sculder beamed happily.

Once Mully had resigned herself to her fate, it became easier. The flight was uneventful and boring up until the point when Sculder asked the flight attendant for a couple of cans of soda. As soon as they'd been delivered to him, he turned to Mully. "These are way too cold for me," he said. "Please warm them up a bit, will you?"

Mully looked at him in horror. Surely he couldn't mean? She took the cans in her hands but as she'd feared, that wasn't enough for Sculder.

"Come on now," he chided. "These cans are such a convenient size. I'm sure you can think of a couple of warmer places."

She could. She just didn't want to go there. He did, though. He seized one of the cans and reached over to slide it between her legs and under her skirt. He rightly assumed that she would have no panties to obstruct his access to her groin and as she parted her knees she glanced around but there was no-one who was in a position to see what was happening. She let out a gasp as the cold can touched her moist pussy lips but she forced herself to relax and open up for it. After all, she'd handled much larger things. At least, these were merely airplane-size mini-cans. Slowly he wiggled the can into place between her lips and forced them apart. Relentlessly he worked it in until the entire miniature can was inside her cunt.

Mully moaned. This was beginning to feel good. Then Sculder suddenly pulled the can out of her. "Raise your butt a bit," he instructed. Mully paled.

"You can't mean..." Her voice trailed off. "Of course I can," he replied. "I have two sodas and you have two holes. Perfect match. Unless you want the dry one in your ass? No? Didn't think so."

So Mully lifted her backside from the seat while Sculder positioned the can under her. Then she lowered herself onto it. It slid in surprisingly easy. It felt good. She'd handled considerably larger items there as well. She even welcomed it when Sculder had the other can ready and pushed it against her pussy. Double penetration at 30,000 feet. Not too bad.

Sculder put his hand over her crotch and played with her clit. She started really getting into this now. Sculder's treatment of her groin was making her forget everything else. And he was working the can in her ass deeper and deeper in her. Sooo good. Then Sculder pushed even more and suddenly Mully felt the can slip completely inside her! She looked up at him in shock.

"You idiot!" She had to fight to control herself and not scream out loud. "Now how the Hell am I going to get that damned thing out of my ass?"

Sculder smiled impishly at her. That just made her more furious.

Chapter 3

Mully pushed the other can out of her cunt using just her abdominal muscles and handed it to Sculder without a word. She refused to talk to him all the rest of the flight, just sat there fuming and continued to do so in the rental car to their hotel. Mission command had said to keep the local cops out of the loop until they were sure it wasn't something that had infected the department and this suited Sculder just fine. He'd have all the time he wanted to play with Mully by himself. Once in the hotel, Mully was further appalled to find that Sculder had booked them into connecting rooms - "so we can reach each other at all times". Yeah, right! So he could harass her at all hours, more likely.

As soon as they were in, he opened the connecting door before she'd even had time to go to the bathroom. "Is that soda can still bothering you?" he asked with an innocent grin.

"No," she replied with sarcasm she realized even as she spoke, would miss its target. "I just loooove the feeling of walking around with a metal can up my ass. I'd keep it there forever if it wasn't for the trouble it'd give me in airport security controls. After all, it's more than 100cc of liquid."

"Well, we can't have you violating federal aviation regulations so I guess I'll have to help you get it out. Undress and lie down in the bathtub, please."

She sighed and complied. There was no use trying to argue Sculder out of any "game plan" he'd come up with. Besides, the can DID feel rather good inside her and although she was loathe to admit it, she'd been in a constant state of arousal all the time since on the plane. Once she was in the tub he had her lie down on her back and fold her legs all the way back behind her ears and spread her ass cheeks with her hands. From his amazing bag of "toys", Sculder produced an unlikely assortment of (possibly) useful tools; tongs, speculums, even a delivery suction cup (what on Earth could he have expected to encounter to find some use for THAT, Mully asked herself), but in the end (in HER end, Mully thought sardonically) he just lubed up his gloved hand and worked his fingers inside her until he reached the pull-tab of the can with his fingertips and managed to lift it.

"Noooo!" Mully yelled but it was too late. Sculder popped open the can and the warm, shaken soda erupted into her colon and expanded it at an amazing rate. As her sphincter was very tightly wrapped around his hand, the leakage was minimal and pressure built up painfully.

"Get your hand out of me," Mully screamed. Sculder complied as quickly as he could but he didn't seem too worried and he looked at the bubbling eruption from her rectum with great interest.

"You know, Mully," he said in his slow voice. "I've seen brown liquid coming out of your ass before. It's even been bubbling on occasion. Just never quite this thin. Otherwise it's rather like old times. Tell me, do you think you could tell the difference between Coke and Pepsi? Should I get a comparative sample in?"

"Shut up and get that can out of me," Mully groaned.

"What's the magic word?"

"Please?"

"Please what?"

"Please, SIR!"

"Please what, Sir?"

"Please, Sir, get that damned can out of my ass! Sir!"

"My pleasure."

Sculder once again lubed his glove and worked his hand into Mully's ass. This time he had no trouble hooking a fingertip into the opening of the can and pulling it out.

"Would you look at that," he said as he stood there with the empty can in one hand and examined the glove on the other. "It's cut through the glove and almost nicked my fingertip. You're quite the health hazard, Mully. I could have gotten a nasty infection in my finger!"

"Just get out of my bathroom and let me get cleaned up." Mully was too tired to even scream at him any more.

"What, no fucking?"

"Just go."

Chapter 4

A half-hour later they sat at a diner and looked at the unlikely waitress who had just taken their order for a late lunch.

"Is it just me," Sculder asked, "or does this town seem to have more than its fair share of body modification fetishists?"

"Maybe they have some really good tattoo studio?"

"Maybe. Did you see the waitress' tongue."

"Yep," Mully nodded. "It was pierced. With a ring, no less. Hard to miss. And did you see the contours of her nipples?"

"Oh, yes. Almost as hard to miss. Pierced as well."

"Uh-huh. And I see her now as she's leaning over the counter. That smock she's wearing doesn't even cover her ass when she leans forward. She doesn't have any underwear on and there's something shiny dangling under her pussy."

"Not hard to guess. More piercings."

"Obviously. Quiet now, here she comes."

"Here'th your food," the waitress lisped as she placed the plates in front of Sculder and Mully. "Ith there anything elthe I can help you with?"

The ring in the tip of her tongue was quite visible as she licked her lips and her touch was almost electrifying as she placed a hand on each of them and leaned forward, giving both a deep view into her cleavage. "I'm quite eager to pleathe in all wayth." 

"What do you think," Sculder asked as the waitress wiggled away from their table. "A waitress in a truck stop diner with scant clothing and visible piercings?"

"I think she spends more time in some back room than at the tables," Mully sneered. "She's probably made a fortune blowing truckers and farmers between meals and re-invested it in body jewelery to keep herself interesting as she ages. A kind of retirement scheme."

"Maybe, maybe," Sculder mused. "But even with a ring like that in her tongue she would have learned to speak more clearly pretty soon. Unless she got it very recently..."

"I think she just wants to draw more attention to it!"

The finished their meal in silence. As they walked across the parking to their car, Sculder's hand cupped one cheek of Mully's ass and gave it a squeeze.

"Let's go back to the hotel for a quick re-cap before we go to talk to the coroner," he suggested. Mully wiggled her ass a bit extra in response. Despite her feigned disdain for the waitress' body decorations, she had been quite turned on by the display and the fact that she'd been aroused on-and-off with no relief since on the plane that morning, didn't make it any better. A good romp with Sculder would be most welcome. As soon as they entered her room she dropped her briefcase, hiked up her skirt to show she was panty-less as usual and lay back on the bed with her legs spread.

"Stop horsing around and get here and fuck me," she insisted.

"Get here and fuck me, SIR!" Sculder corrected.

"Please get here and fuck me Sir," she sighed.

"I don't know if I can," Sculder feigned. "All these upsetting things have put me off sex."

Mully sighed again. She knew what he was going to ask for and anticipated it by wiggling herself into position more diagonally across a corner of the bed so her head was close to one edge of it while her ass and cunt were freely available at the other side. Sculder stepped out of his pants and walked over to where he could lean forward and shove his cock into Mully's mouth. He had pointed out on many occasions how proud he was of its size - "in the 99:th percentile both length and girth", meaning that less than 1% of the world's male population had cocks that were longer or thicker than his - but Mully's petite looks were deceptive and her mouth could open surprisingly wide to take it all in. As for length, well, she always thought, once you've learned not to gag, it doesn't really matter how deep down your throat it goes. Not that she'd ever had any gag reflex herself, of course.

"It's still no good," Sculder complained. "Show me your tits."

Mully obeyed and unbuttoned her blouse without his cock ever leaving her throat. Her breasts stood proudly in their nearly silicon-like firmness which astounded many but Mully always attributed it to the fact that she'd never had neither the time nor the inclination to have any babies. She played with them for his viewing pleasure, cupping them to push them up higher and pinching the nipples. Sculder throat-fucked her vigorously despite his claims about not being up to it and Mully could testify that his cock was just as hard and swollen as always when it slid in and out of her mouth. Of course, this was just one more of Sculder's power games. But as long as it was actually getting her some action she was happy.

Sure enough, after a few more minutes of face-ramming, Sculder withdrew his huge cock from her mouth and walked over to where he could shove it into her cunt instead. Mully moaned happily as it stretched her pussy walls and worked its way into her. Despite her apparent smallness, she handled its impressive size happily and when his pelvis hit hers he still hadn't "bottomed out" in her. She immediately squeezed his shaft with the well-trained muscles of her vagina and they both cried with pleasure at every thrust. Mully, who had been aching to come for the better part of the day, rapidly reached her first orgasm and almost blacked out from its intensity as Sculder continued pumping her at a furious pace. When he was certain she'd finished coming, he withdrew his cock and, using only the ample natural lubricant that was flowing from her cunt, inserted it into her ass. Mully took it all in with just a happy cry of "Yes, fuck my ass!" and again his abnormal size caused her no discomfort. She soon came in a second orgasm and when Sculder felt himself approaching the critical limit, he withdrew to move back to her face. Mully received him in her throat again and he immediately started shooting so deep down that she felt absolutely no taste from his large load as it went straight to her stomach. After they were both sated - at least for the moment - they rested briefly before showering in their separate bathrooms. Time for business.

Chapter 5

The drive to the coroner's address took only a few minutes and they deliberately had not given any advance notice of their visit. No time to destroy any evidence. If their arrival upset the coroner, she didn't show it in any way. In fact, she greeted them enthusiastically. Too enthusiastically for somebody who had lost their lover just two days earlier, Mully thought. Not to mention having been forced to perform an autopsy on him! But the coroner, who introduced herself as Dr Green, cheerfully agreed to show them around. Except that she immediately led them to her own office where she sat down on her own desk in a position that caused her lab coat to part and show a lot of her shapely stockinged thigh while she leaned forward to give them deep insight into her cleavage.

"I'm so exited to get a visit from two real federal agents," she purred. "Nothing special ever happened in this small town before. It must be so much more stimulating to work all over the country. Do you meet a lot of interesting people?"

"Yes," Sculder replied. "But it's less fun when the interesting bit is that they're dead. Mind if we ask you about the deceased?"

"Not at all."

"He was the local elected sheriff so I assume he was known and respected in the area?"

"That's correct."

"Married?"

"Yes, his wife Muriel is a friend of mine."

"Yet you had an affair with him?"

"Oh, no need to be melodramatic. A bit of fun between consenting adults."

"Did his wife know?

"Of course. I wouldn't have him cheat on Muriel. Nor would I go behind the back of my own husband. We may be a bit behind the big cities in many ways but you don't have to assume we're all prudes just because we live here."

"But we listened to the recordings of the initial call you made to us. In it, you expressed concern that his wife mustn't find out about your affair."
