 Capitulus V (Chapter 05)

Cherl is haunted by ghosts

Zhanet and Steev escort Cherl to one of the wagons; they are half carrying her as her knees keep buckling. She keeps repeating, "Seconds, only seconds and they would have lived. It is so unfair." Although Zhanet and Steev try to soothe her, she is inconsolable. She is moaning and weeping as though her heart is breaking. She stops and throws up; the world is spinning and she is trying desperately to grasp reality. She sits in the wagon and stares into space; she thinks she is losing her mind.

Claude and his four male servants make their way to the Arena morgue. After a few minutes inside, they emerge; the servants are carrying two pallets bearing Sylvi's and Cordele's bodies covered with bloody sheets. They bear them to one of their wagons and lay them in the wagon bed. Claude stays with the bodies while two of his men sit up on the driver's bench. The other two go to Zhanet's wagon. They arrive at Claude's estate and carry the bodies to the atrium. 

All members of the household stand around the bodies and weep. Steev helps Cherl to view the bodies; he pulls back the sheets, and Cherl stares at the two still lovely faces. They are covered with blood and urine, but she kisses their faces regardless. Her eyes are dry; she has wept until there are no more tears. She notices that the wound in Cordele's buttock is dripping blood. Without thinking, she puts two fingers under the wound and allows the blood to drip on her fingers. She licks her fingers and moans. Steev and Claude help her to her chamber and Claude gives her a sedative to help her sleep; Steev removes her chiton and puts it away.

The young women come in with basins of water and towels; they drop their chitons and bathe Cherl. She doesn't seem to know what's happening. After the women dry her, she lies on the bed and falls into a troubled sleep. Milla and Sera stay and watch over her while the other girls go to their chambers. 

No one has anything to say to one another; the evening meal is skipped.

Three hours later, Cherl is wakened by strange music. She is uncertain whether she is awake or dreaming; the sedative is still active in her system. Delia and Sera are fast asleep on the floor beside the bed. Cherl walks out of the room, forgetting that she is nude, and goes looking for the music. She walks through the salon to the atrium and stops cold. She witnesses the ghosts of Sylvia and Cordele dancing around in the moonlight. They are pale except for the blood covering much of their bodies. Their bellies are saturated with blood. The flute music is coming from the shadows; Cherl can't see the player, but she knows that Delia is the flutist in the group. She thinks that Delia has conjured up the ghosts with her strange music. Suddenly, the music stops, and the ghosts turn and look at Cherl. A chill runs through her and the hair on the back of her neck stands up. The ghosts say nothing but walk rapidly toward her. Cherl is frightened but stands rooted to the spot. She is crying again. She knows she is dreaming now, yet desperately wants to stay that way, so she can continue to see her deceased loved ones. When they reach her, they throw their arms around her. When she feels their naked bloody flesh against her flesh, she passes out again.

When she comes to her senses, Claude, Zhanet, Steev, are standing over her with concerned looks on their faces. They somehow have dressed her. She looks around for the ghosts, but when she sees they are not there, she realizes she was dreaming or hallucinating -- probably from the sedative. They help her to a chair and offer her wine. She says nothing about the hallucination lest they think she is non compos mentis. 

"Cherl, we know why you fainted," says Zhanet. "You thought you had lost your mind. You haven't. Delia told us what happened in the atrium. She was the one playing the flute. She thought her playing had awakened the dead and was just as frightened as you, but she was unable to stop until you walked into the atrium. You were nude and she thought you had died, too, and were joining the other two dead women. It wasn't until they touched you, and you fainted that she knew you were still alive."

"Until they touched me? How could I have felt ghosts?"

"Drink your wine, and we'll tell you what happened." Cherl gulps it down and waits.

Claude speaks up, "Cherl, when we went to the Arena yesterday morning, I paid a visit to the Arena officers and offered them a great deal of money to spare the lives of Sylvi and her mother. Although they said it was out of their hands and that the sentence must be carried out, I was ready for that contingency. I outlined a plan before them. Part of it you know already as you had talked the women into committing an unthinkable act between mother and daughter, especially that mother and daughter. Sylvi eventually convinced Cordele that since she wanted desperately to live, they should do as you suggested. Finally, Cordele acquiesced.

"I took a magician's trick knife with me. It had a blade that sank back into the handle and burst a small bladder made from a pig's intestines; of course, the bladder was filled with blood; the pig's blood. The executioner couldn't tell the women in advance for several reasons. We felt that they wouldn't have reacted as they did at the proper time. He did hit them hard in the abdomen with it, but it was the handle that knocked the wind out of them. After he hit them, he held his face close to theirs and told them how to react. They were fine actors and pulled it off. The crowd would have demanded their deaths if they hadn't. 

"I had given some medicine to the officers to give the women to simulate death. I'm sorry to tell you this after all the trauma you've been through, but in order to keep them unconscious, the dosage had to be large; we weren't absolutely positive that it wouldn't actually kill them after all they went through. That's why you weren't in on that part of the plan. 

"If they did die from the medication, you would really have been devastated. I can still hear you saying, "Seconds. Seconds." I can imagine what you would have thought of me if I had killed them when they were supposed to be safely out of their predicament. By the way, I thought you would catch on when you saw Cordele's buttock's wound bleeding. The dead don't bleed. 

"Sylvi and Cordele finally woke up just before dawn. They were so happy to be away from the Arena that they danced out into the atrium. Delia couldn't sleep because she was mourning thinking they were dead and was consoling herself by playing her flute in the atrium. Sylvi and Cordele were drawn by the music. Poor Delia thought they were spirits coming to exact revenge because she had licked Sylvi's pudenda against your orders and caused the debacle.

"Now, I know you prefer women, but I think I deserve a big kiss -- and a grope -- for saving their lives."

Cherl throws her arms around Claude's neck, hugs him tight, and gives him a long open mouth kiss. He reaches around her, grabs her buttocks, and squeezes hard enough that it makes her wince. It was the best pain she had ever felt.

"Where are they? Please. I want to see them." She still has her arms around Claude.

"The girls are bathing them. All that dried blood and urine must be very hard to wash clean. I've been in to see them twice and they still had traces of blood on them. It was also difficult to get all the urine scrubbed out of their hair. Oddly, neither one had any qualms about being naked when I went in. After thousands of eyes were watching them in the Arena, another pair watching them made no difference. They don't seem to be shy anymore.

"They hugged me, too, and got me all wet, and I had to change to a dry toga. I didn't mind a bit, though. Now, go to them. They're in the bath near the girls' chamber." Cherl rushes off before Claude could finish his sentence.

Cherl rushes into the bath area and, still clothed, jumps into the bath with Sylvi and Cordele. They churn up the water hugging and kissing. Their splashing gets the other girls wet, also. Keri, who had been scrubbing Sylvi and Cordele, drops her soaked chiton and gets in the bath with them. Soon, all the girls are naked and in the bath. Cherl manages to get her chiton off and throws it on the floor. There is much naked female flesh in the bath. When Zhanet comes in to see what the commotion is, she too strips and gets in the bath. 

Cherl, in the middle of the women, revels in the feel of all that wet satiny skin, something she would never have felt back on her own planet. Romana IS a lesbian's paradise; an outlander's paradise she reminds herself.

Hours later, all ten women are in Cherl's room on her bed or on the floor. Some are lying on top of others. They are trying to figure out who is going to sleep with whom that night. Sera and Keri say they better go back to Steev's room, but they would like to lick someone's vagina first. Delia volunteers, but Zhanet reminds her that she is disallowed sex for two weeks. "Oh Jupiter and Juno, Delia go with Sera and Keri but just for tonight only. I think the scare you received when the ghosts showed up to haunt you was punishment enough. However, you still need to curb your sexual appetite and the two-week abstinence still applies. Get out of here before I change my mind." 

Delia is very excited. Not only will she get to have sex tonight with Keri and Sera, but maybe Steev will take her, too. She wonders what it would be like to be penetrated by a penis. Even if he doesn't use her vagina, she will get to watch him fornicate with his consorts. Yum. But how will she ever survive after tonight with the two-week loss of sex. She wishes she had a huge bull pizzle like the ones used on the captive women. That would feel good. No, that wouldn't work either. Claude had to pay much more for her, as she was Virgo intacta. That fleshy membrane was very valuable. She would be severely punished for breaking her own hymen. It belongs to Claude, but he doesn't seem to want use any other vagina besides Zhanet's. She may die Virgo intacta some day.

When Cherl, Sylvi and Cordele are finally alone, mother and daughter tell Cherl how grateful they are for what she has done for them. 

"When you saw me watching you dancing in the atrium, why didn't you speak to me?" asks Cherl. 

Sylvi stares at the floor, but Cordele smiles and says, "We would have if we could, but, Missie, we couldn't speak. We had been using our tongues steadily in each other's pudenda for over two hours; we couldn't use them after we awoke. They must have been swollen or stiff or ..." 

Sylvi bursts out crying and throws her arms around Cherl's neck. "I'm so sorry, Miss. Please forgive me."

"Forgive you for what, Sylvi?" Sylvi is clinging to Cherl and sobbing. "What did you do that I should forgive you for?"

"Oh Miss, I swore I'd be the best slave girl you could hope for, and then I didn't use my tongue in you first. You had the right to my tongue since you own me. I am so sorry." 

Cherl laughs, "Are you jesting, Sylvi? I told you and Cordele what you had to do to save your lives. It was my idea. You have nothing to be sorry for. I assure you that your pretty tongue will spend a lot of time in my vagina from now on. Now, dry your tears. I don't want to hear any more of you being sorry. 

"Cordele, would you like to spend the night with your daughter tonight? What do you want to do?"

"Missie, I discussed this earlier with Sylvi, and we'd like to stay with you tonight; however, I don't think we could service you until we gain a little more control of our tongues."

"It's settled then. You both will sleep in my bed, tonight. We'll cuddle and hug, but no cunnilingus." Cherl is so happy they're alive and well that she would gladly give up having sex with them -- although that is not a happy thought. She loves them and lusts for them. They are both so delicious.

"Delia, what are you doing here?" Steev asks. "Why aren't you with your sisters?"

"Well Sir, Zhanet gave me to you for tonight or rather to Sera and Keri for sex. We've been waiting for you to get your permission. May we, please. We are so anxious, and I would be so happy to have you watch us. It's been several months since Claude bought us; we were usually watched when we had sex at the Academy, but no one has watched us here. It adds shivery spice to sex when we are observed." Steev wishes all women were exhibitionists like these were. "Maybe they are. How would I ever find out?" He doesn't plan to take a poll or try out the free Roman women; at least, that isn't on his agenda at the moment. Every day, he realizes more and more that this world is tailored to his sexual fantasies. 

After he has given the girls permission to have sex, they seem to be confused. "What's the problem, girls?"

"Sir, there is an uneven number of us, and we don't know how to begin. What would you suggest we do?"

Steev can't believe he's having this problem: choreographing how these girls, um, women will make love while he watches them. "Delia, you seem to be the hungriest here; why don't you start by performing oral sex on both Sera and Keri; then when you're about sated, have a daisy chain with them." He explains that a daisy chain is a circle of them all licking the next girl, um, woman in line. Delia is pleased, as she IS the hungriest. Her training at the Academy has instilled in her a craving for vaginal secretions. 

Steve watches this fantasy spectacle until he is ready to explode. When the girls are sated, Sera and Keri take turns doing their "pole" dance on Steev. Although she has watched Academy boys and other Roman men take female captives, Delia has never been this close up and personal. She is actually on the bed beside them as they fornicate; she is thrilled. As the girls have sex with Steev, Delia caresses them and sucks their nipples. When Steev ejaculates in them, she asks if she may have his semen. When he gives permission, she sucks and licks the girls, um, women clean and dry. This is the first time she has eaten human semen, and she is ecstatic. She had been given fresh animal semen to eat at the Academy, but she finds she likes the taste of Steev's much better. 

Maybe Steev would ask her to return; maybe Steev would permit her to have sex with Sera and Keri more often; maybe Steev would ask Claude if Steev could penetrate her hymen; maybe Steev would ask Claude if he could keep her; maybe Steev would let her take his semen directly from his penis; her imagination is running away with her. Her Academy training is running away with her.

Paul approaches Steev and tells him that a Roman citizen is asking for him at the servant's entrance. When Steev asks the man his business, he tells Steev he was the Centurion who helped Cordele. Steev laughs and tells him that he didn't recognize him out of uniform and helm. "And why are you here?" The man introduces himself as Marcus. He reminds Steev of the offer to hire him. "Of course, of course. I can use your services, Marcus, but did you have something special in mind?"

"Sire, I would like to talk to you and Claude together. Would that be possible?" Steev looks at Marcus for a few seconds, and then he goes to see if Claude is busy.

When Claude comes back with Steev, Marcus takes no time in laying out his thoughts. He tells Steev and Claude that the Roman army is attempting to control marauders from coming ashore and pillaging the country side; however, the soldiers are spread thin; should they be overrun, Claude's estate would be the first household in their path from the harbor to the west. 

Claude asks what Marcus has in mind. "Sire, there are numerous veterans in and around Rome who are desperately in need of food. I would like to gather them into a Guard; we could protect you and your property."

"Aren't those men older and, in some cases, incapacitated?" He is very skeptical.

"Yes Sire, they are, but they, we, are still soldiers even though Rome has turned its back on us. I'm sure I could turn them into a fighting force again. Would you let me and them try?"

Claude turns to Steev and tells him that he has been worried about the marauders from the north coast of Africa. Some of the estates to the south have been attacked, looted, and their people killed or captured. The women bring high prices from harems and slave markets. He is concerned for the women in his household. Once taken, they will be lost, never to return.

Claude asks Marcus what the cost would be? "Sire, if they could just be fed and allowed to camp on your estate to the west, that would be all that would be asked of you. Oh, and they would have to be armed. They have already been trained and are battle hardened. Yes, some have disabilities, but they can still be utilized. By helping them, you would be helping to guard yourself and your household."

"Claude, I would be willing to release my part of the treasury for this purpose. They can camp on my land at "Park Plaza". I can import the necessary armory for them. Would you be willing to become involved?" asks Steev

"Willing? I want to spearhead the program. Marcus, what do we do first?"

"You need do nothing, Sire. I will do what is necessary. I'll tell a few men whom I know and they'll tell a few more who'll tell a few more. In weeks, we'll have a veteran's army. Where can I tell them to camp?" Steev explains where his land is and offers to take Marcus there. 

Within a few days, there is a steady stream of men moving to the area near the ExoSphere. Steev has replicated many tents and has helped set up a field kitchen. By the end of three weeks, the encampment is complete and the veterans have moved into the tents. They are amazed at the quality of the equipment. 

Marcus has given them assignments and duties for continued training and to keep the area policed and food prepared. Steev has determined what arms and armament the men will need and plans to replicate them. He also plans to give them more modern weapons, but doesn't want to make it too obvious that they are from future time. He wants to wait until some time elapses, so no one, including Claude, will get suspicious of how quickly he receives shipment.

Two months later, he has replicated the necessary arms and has Marcus, who is now wearing a uniform similar to that of a Centurion, has his lieutenants distribute the arms to able-bodied men. Marcus tells Steev that he would like to arm the handicapped men also. He thinks they would feel more accepted and part of the Guard if allowed to bear arms. Steev agrees and says he had the same thought and has already ordered additional weapons. What he doesn't tell Marcus is that all the weapons now in the possession of the Guard are of an unbreakable, non-rusting, alloy that never needs sharpening. They will slice through shields, armor, flesh, and bone with little effort. The Guard will slash through the enemy as a scythe through wheat.

Claude has ordered food and drink to be brought to the encampment on a steady schedule. His relief is visible as he takes part in helping bring the Guard into being. It doesn't take long before more cashiered officers and soldiers become aware of this private army and ask to join. Rome doesn't pension its veterans.

Soon, there are camps set up behind the main grounds for men who bring their wives and children with them. The area begins to resemble a small village. Soldier/craftsmen begin setting up shop as blacksmiths, clothiers, cobblers, leather workers, building suppliers, etc. Some men start building permanent barracks and housing. Claude jokes that he can't have all this on HIS land and cedes another hundred acres to Steev.

No veteran is turned away and the encampment continues to grow. Claude begins to get nervous about what Roman officials may think of this developing complex. When he receives an official visit from Rome, he is concerned, but it turns out that he is lauded for taking the "riff-raff" off the Roman streets and off the hands of the government. His heavy taxes and levies are lowered, as the government no longer has to pay out large sums to keep the streets patrolled and high court costs financed. Crime, theft and rape, are down and citizens are out walking the streets and making purchases as never before. This turns out to be a win-win situation. Claude is asked to expand his little village. He is offered money to do so.
