 Intro: In our universe, the unbroken hymen is located near the entrance of the vagina; however, in the parallel universe of Romana, I have chosen to locate it further into the vagina to the rear of the entrance and the (easily stimulated) G-spot. I have also imbued the Romana women with strong vaginal muscle especially at the entrance. 

*

Cherl purchases another slave girl

"Cordele, nice of you to come see me. I've missed having you in my bed at night, but I can understand your reluctance to have lesbian sex since your ordeal in the arena. Are you feeling better?"

"Oh yes, Missie. I believe I'm back to normal -- almost. I have been a bit concerned about discussing something with you, but I can't keep it back any longer." Cordele seems nervous, so Cherl waits patiently for the woman to speak.

"It concerns Marcus, the Centurion who took pity on me where you found Sylvi and me. He has been coming here since he and Steev began assembling a private Guard to protect this estate. 

"We have been talking for a couple of weeks now, and I - - we - - we find that we care for one another great deal. He knows that I'm your slave, and he would like to buy me. Would you consider selling me to him?" 

Cherl remains silent, surprised at the request.

At Cherl's hesitation, Cordele rushes on, "Missie, I love you and sex with you is lovely, but I am heterosexual, and I would very much like to have that kind of relationship with a man. If you say no, I will completely understand. After all you've done for me, I owe you not only my life but also my devotion. I will spend the rest of my life with one pursuit in mind: pleasing you in bed and out. Forgive me if my request is out of order; say no and I'll never mention it again."

Finally, Cherl finds her voice and interrupts Cordele's nervous rambling. "Oh Cordele, I love you and would miss you terribly if you weren't with me, but since I do love you, I have no choice but to let you have any chance of your own happiness. However, I won't sell you to Marcus."

"Do you mean that I'll still be your slave, but you'll permit me to marry Marcus?" Cordele asks hesitantly.

"Absolutely not, Cordele. That wouldn't work. I'd still want you in my bed occasionally and that could possibly affect your relationship with Marcus. No, Cordele, what I meant was that I will set you free. I haven't paid Claude for your debts as yet, but I will as soon as we can prepare papers for your manumission. As far as I'm concerned, you are a free woman from this moment on."

Cordele breaks into tears and throws her arms around Cherl. Her body shakes with her sobbing, and she clings to Cherl as tightly as she can. 

"Missie, may I call you Cherl now that you consider me a free citizen?" asks Cordele as she sobs into Cherl's shoulder.

"Of course, Cordele," replies Cherl with a smile. "We are equals now."

"Cherl, I have another request. I hope with all my heart that you honor this one, too. I have loved you since you first bought me and have enjoyed being in your bed, but I haven't had the pleasure of licking your vagina. I made a silent promise to you and to myself that I would perform and enjoy that privilege. Please allow me to satisfy myself." 

Cherl is taken aback. After Cordele had spent over two hours in the Arena with her tongue in her daughter's vulva, Cherl thought that the last thing Cordele would want to do would be to lick another vagina.

"Oh Cordele, of course, but you don't have to do that. You are really free now."

"Cherl, allow me to bring you to orgasm by licking you as my first free act. Please." Cordele is practically begging, and Cherl certainly isn't one to turn down a good offer.

Cherl looks at Cordele for a few seconds, smiles and drops her chiton on the floor. Cordele drops hers and the two women go to Cherl's bed. Cordele is now somewhat of an expert in performing cunnilingus as she had spent hours in the Arena using her tongue in her daughter's vagina. 

"Cherl, I'd like to lick you from behind. I couldn't tell you why, but that appeals to me. Could you get on your knees and spread them far apart? Raise your bottom as high as possible in that position and put your breasts down on the bed. That is the position I have been picturing you in for days. Oh yes, that's it. It is so exciting to see you that way." 

Cordele lies across the bed and presses her face between Cherl's buttocks. She pushes her tongue into Cherl's vagina and begins a push pull motion that sends Cherl soaring. She feels like she is being fucked by Cordele's tongue that has become a penis. That sensation grows stronger and stronger, and Cherl's juices start to flow so heavily that Cordele's face is soon covered with it. 

"Don't stop, Cordele; please don't stop. What you are doing is so delicious that I would have you do it for hours. I'm not sure I can come this way, but it feels great." 

Cordele does stop in spite of Cherl's admonition. "Cherl, you are flowing so heavily that I lose friction with my tongue. I seem to be pumping your flow when I press my tongue into you. From time to time, I'll have to suck you as you're filling up so much. Anyway, your juices are going up my nose, and I'm in danger of drowning." She laughs at the humorous aspect. 

Cherl gets a mental picture of Cordele drowning between her buttocks, and she begins laughing. "Maybe I should turn over on my back, so you would be above my pussy and wouldn't be in such a vulnerable position, Cordele."

"Oh no, Cherl. Please bear with me. I am enjoying this way very much. If I take my tongue out of you from time to time and suck the juices from your vagina, this way will work. I'm sure I can continue this until you orgasm. Please let me try."

"You won't get any argument from me, Cordele. I love this. I just didn't want you to be uncomfortable in what you're doing. I certainly don't want you to drown." She begins laughing again. "Am I really flowing that hard? You're doing marvelous things with your tongue, but I didn't realize it could make me so much juicier. Honey, I don't care if I never orgasm this way; just continue what you're doing. Of course, I'll expect you to stop in three or four hours." She laughs again at her own witticism. 

"Oh my gawd! I'm coming. I'm comminnnggg. Ooooh. Ooooh. I wasn't expecting that. Ooooh. I'm going to come again, Cordele. Ooooh." Cherl flattens out on the bed and tries to put her legs together, but can't because Cordele's face is still between her buttock cheeks. "Cordele, pull away for a moment. I need to squeeze my thighs together. I'll be fine in a minute, and if you want to continue, I'll put my ass back up in the air. Right now, I need to come down to Earth -- or should that be to Romana? Sorry, Cordele; just a private joke." 

When her spasms stop, she raises her butt and spreads her knees: Cordele resumes tongue fucking her. "Cordele, I've never been fucked by a man, but I imagine this is what it would feel like doggy fashion. I'll explain that later, but for now, please don't stop." 

Cordele has taken Cherl's "I'll expect you to stop in three or four hours" literally. She had had her tongue in Sylvi's vagina for over two hours, but isn't sure she could keep her tongue in Cherl for twice that long. After another forty-five minutes and numerous orgasms, her tongue begins to tire. She has been applying it much more vigorously than she did that day in the Arena. "Cherl, I will have to take a short rest before I can continue for several hours more. I am so sorry."

"Oh my goodness, Cordele. I wasn't serious about you tongue fucking me for three or four more hours. I feel so bad that I have made you uncomfortable. Rest. Rest awhile. Lay back and let me eat you."

Cherl pushes Cordele onto her back and goes down on her. Cordele's scent is very strong, as she can't bathe often because there are no showers at the encampment. This doesn't deter Cherl; in fact, Cordele's heavy pubic scent is a heady aphrodisiac. Cherl licks and sucks the woman's pussy until her vagina opens and Cherl is able to probe deep inside. Cordele's juices are also very strong and Cherl purrs with pleasure. She is so busy eating Cordele's genitals that she forgets that the woman wants to eat her. After several orgasms, Cordele has to remind Cherl. "Cherl, can you resume your previous position with your bottom up in the air? Let me lick you again." 

She licks and sucks Cherl's vagina until Cherl has to beg Cordele to pause. "Cordele, please stop for a while. I am gasping for air and my body is quivering with pleasure, but I can't take any more just now." Cherl pushes Cordele's face from her crotch. She takes Cordele's face in her hands, kisses Cordele repeatedly and licks her own juices from Cordele's face. It seems that every time she has had sex with one of the women in this household, it is the best, the most delicious, sex she has ever had. She wonders where the upper limit is and whether she will ever reach it. Cherl sincerely hopes not.

 _________________ 

It only takes a day for Claude to summon the necessary participants for the manumission of Cordele's indenture. When Claude's advocate has the necessary papers signed, Cordele kisses everyone in the room including the advocate, Claude's manservant, Paul, and two of Marcus' soldiers, who have come with Marcus to drive them back to the encampment. Everyone, including the soldiers, has tears in their eyes. 

Sylvi has mixed emotions. While she is happy for her mother, she has established a new bond with Cordele since that day in the Arena and will miss her mother's day-to-day presence. She also has some apprehension about being Cherl's only slave girl. She will have Cherl all to herself, but there will be times when Cherl will not be available, and Sylvi has come to need sex. She has turned her back on her heterosexual side, and craves the taste and texture of a woman's vagina. Of course, she can always turn to Sera, Keri, or one of the musicians, but she finds herself wanting a girl of her own. She is embarrassed to think that way after her many protestations of being heterosexual. 

During the Arena ordeal, she had tried to divorce herself from the act of committing incest with her mother by imagining it was Cherl she was tonguing. She was successful most of the time and realized that she actually wanted to lick Cherl's vulva. Now, after experiencing lesbian sex with the women and girls in the household, she finds the homosexual act to be immensely desirable. But since the other girls are paired up, she would like to be paired with another girl, also. She wonders if it would be too brash of her to broach the subject with Cherl. 

She finds herself getting wet just thinking of having another young girl to eat. Sylvi smiles to herself for using that term. It is a word that Cherl uses and Sylvi has begun using it. Another term that Cherl uses that Sylvi likes is 'kitten' instead of vulva. Sylvi is pleased by it and has begun using it with the other girls in the household.

Now, when Cherl or Steev uses the term 'kitten' as an endearment, the girls smirk and giggle, picturing themselves not as a baby cat but as a human size vulva. Cherl and Steev are puzzled by the girls' reactions to the word. 

When Sylvi, too asks Cherl for an audience several days after her mother's departure, Cherl immediately worries that Sylvi wants to get married, too, and is going to leave. Steeling her composure, Cherl invites Sylvi into her room. "Yes, sweet child, who's the man?"

"What man, Miss? I don't know what you mean. I would like to speak with you about a sex matter that has troubled me since my mother went with Marcus. I don't mean I was having sex with her since the Arena, but I've been thinking about it." Sylvi is flustered by Cherl's reaction and has difficulty expressing her request. "I don't mean I was thinking about having sex with my mother. I mean I wanted to have sex, but when mother left, It began bothering me. I don't mean not having sex with my mother was bothering me because I wasn't having sex with my mother. I mean...Miss, I'm mixed up. May I start again?" 

Cherl is confused, too, but nods her consent.

"Miss, when the other girls have sex, they sometimes pair off and leave me waiting. I feel like I'm not wanted, and I want to be wanted. I want someone to want me... Oh Miss, I don't mean you don't want me. I mean..." Sylvi still wasn't getting this right. She hoped that Cherl would forgive her for her lack of eloquence.

"May I start again, Miss? Well, I would like to have a partner, and... oh, I don't mean you, Miss. I mean I do want to have sex with you, Miss, but I want a sex partner. I don't mean you aren't a good sex partner. I just mean I want another partner. Oh, not instead of you..." Sylvi breaks into tears, grabs her chiton and runs from the room -- nude. 

A few minutes later, she knocks at Cherl's door and when Cherl bids her enter, she walks in -- still nude -- and drops her chiton on the floor. She takes a deep breath and blurts out, "I would like to have my own girl. I mean I would like you to buy another girl for me...actually for you...but one I could use and have sex with without you. I don't mean instead of you. I mean to have sex with when you're gone. I don't mean that you're going away, but when you are busy, or...Miss, I don't know how to say it. I can come back later when you're not busy. I don't mean when you're not too busy to have sex with me." Sylvi resumes crying, picks up her chiton, and leaves again - - nude.

Cherl stifles the urge to laugh and runs to the door. "Sylvi, come back here. Let's talk about this." She notices that Sylvi has peed on the floor, but she doesn't say anything to the girl. She will clean it up after the talk with Sylvi; she points to the girl's wet legs and hands her a towel. 

Before Sylvi can start crying again, Cherl puts her arm around her and tells her that getting a companion for her is a great idea, and that they should purchase one as soon as possible. Cherl is still having difficulty keeping a straight face. 

When she hears that Cherl is sympathetic to her needs and will purchase a companion for her, Sylvi runs from the room to tell the other girls. A few seconds later, she knocks on Cherl's door again and asks if she can come in and get her chiton. She picks up the chiton and leaves, but almost immediately knocks on Cherl's door and tells Cherl that she had peed on the floor and asks if Cherl would permit her to use the towel that she wiped her legs with to wipe up the floor. 

Cherl walks with the girl and spreads the towel over the wet spot. She tells Sylvi to run along but to put her chiton on correctly, as it is inside out and backwards. Sylvi grins, changes her chiton around and skips off. Cherl goes back into her bedroom, closes the door and bursts out laughing. She feels better after the laugh and because Sylvi didn't ask for her freedom to get married. She adores the beautiful child, this child who thinks she's an adult. How can she have been a woman one moment in the Arena and, then, act like a naive teenager the next? 



___________________________



It has been nearly a year since Steev and Cherl arrived on Romana: Its initial stored energy has sustained the Exosphere, but extensive use has been draining that power. Steev is consumed with worry over the Exosphere. The power level keeps dropping, and when it reaches zero, the sphere will snap back to Earth. Steev has several things to worry about: How much Earth time has elapsed since he and Cherl were catapulted here? Is it just the time they have been here? Is it time reckoned by the speed the Exosphere traveled? Will the sphere land in the same place? Will it end up on the surface or possibly kilometers below the surface? If he and Cherl are in the sphere when it snaps back, will they be safe? If they are not in it when it snaps back, will they snap back anyway -- through space, through hyperspace, through a wormhole -- another -- dimension -- whatever? The computer output would take millennia to provide that information, and they have possibly only days -- weeks at the most - to make a decision to ride it back or stay here. Neither way can be predicted as safe. 

He has been walking a tightrope erecting wind turbines for power to the Exosphere, but the energy level continues dropping, as he must use the replicator to produce new turbine kits. There is no way to balance the two and the power level needle continues to advance toward zero. Steev decides that he will stay here and take his chances that he won't be snapped back through space and killed. 

Cherl is of another mind. She thinks they'll die if they stay where they are as this isn't their home world. Her scientific training tells her that they'll snap back along with the Exosphere -- inside it or outside it. She opts to be inside the sphere when it loses stasis and returns to Earth. She asks Steev to say her goodbyes to the household if he survives. Otherwise, they both will disappear without explanation. 

Possibly, Marcus will notice the encasing hillock's collapse when the Exosphere departs, but he won't know the significance of that event. He may not connect the disappearance of Steev and Cherl with that of the strange cave he has been inside only once. 

Both Steev and Cherl think about explaining to Claude what is about to happen, but finally decide against it. He may not believe it anyway.

When the needle reaches .02 percent, Cherl enters the sphere, straps herself into a command center plastex chair, and waits for whatever happens next. She and Steev have said goodbye, and he has taken a small briefcase with one of the computers in it. In his bedchamber he watches the computer screen as the energy needle reaches zero and breathes a sigh of relief for himself. He and the computer remain on Romana; he feels a pang of grief for Cherl and wonders what she'll find on Earth IF she reaches that planet. Possibly the planet no longer exists and the Exosphere will hurtle into outer space for eternity. 

Steev immediately returns to the area he calls "Park Place," the hillock where the Exosphere was buried no longer exists. He is unable to fight his curiosity about the fate of the Exosphere. When he arrives at Park Place, there is just a forty-foot hole with some loose dirt and plant life at the bottom. The sphere had snapped back as he had figured. Cherl is gone.

"Steev, don't stand there. Get this dirt off me." Steev rushes to the side of the mound and finds Cherl partially buried under the rubble. He claws his way through the dirt until he frees her and brushes her off. 

"What happened? Did the Exosphere expel you?" He is elated that she is still alive and here on Romana. He hugs her and kisses her dirty face. "I'm so glad to see you, Cherl. I thought you were gone forever."

"Yeah, yeah, I'm glad to see you, too, but get your hands off my ass and let me go. Find me something to wear. I decided to stay on Romana and take my chances; I couldn't bear the thought of being separated from Sylvi and the rest of you; I realized that I would rather be dead. When I left the sphere, the iris door closed on my chiton, and ripped it off; most likely the Exosphere took it back to Earth with it.

"I didn't move fast enough when the hill collapsed, and I was buried under the falling dirt. I have dirt in my eyes, in my mouth, and it feels like it's in my pussy. I've been digging my way out for the last ten minutes. If you hadn't come along and helped, I might have suffocated. Can you get me back to the house? I need a bath.

"It was weird, Steev. When the Exosphere disappeared, there was no sound or movement from it. One second it was here, and the next it wasn't. If I had hesitated one microsecond more, I'd be standing in the iris doorway right now, and I'd be experiencing whatever happens to a human body in hyperspace. Please, get me back to the house, ASAP."
