 Chapter 04

Long Live Magus Khan

A very, long, long time ago in Asia

Ran closed his eyes and called his animal spirit, the hawk, for its assistance. Suddenly it soared in the darkness behind his closed eye lids.

Can I save the Khan? One long screech; negative.

"Damn it!"

Can I defeat Magara? Three loud screeches; positive

Show me what I must do.

Ran saw himself lying in wait along a trail across the western plain. Magara traveled alone. The moon was dark. That was three days hence. The hawk showed him attacking Magara with the power of his magic by casting arrows of energy, shot from his power center. Easy enough but very energy draining. He thanked the hawk, made his way back to his horse and rode down and out the long way to the western plain.

He whispered a prayer asking the Great Spirit to protect Alexa, Lilli and Caree. As he rode, he thought of his new bride, his love and the Golden Orb. He remembered their last night of love making. How perfect and complete he felt when he was sexually connected to her, inside her filling her with his energy and his seed. He recalled the sounds she made when she climaxed. How her body shivered during an orgasm. How deliciously tight her feminine center was when his hardness was snuggled deep at home inside her. How terribly lonely he felt at this moment, riding out to murder an evil man, his own brother, and thinking of his perfect two-spirit woman. Hoping, praying he'll see her and hold her again.

Inside the great cavern, Alexa dreamed.

She was sitting in a lush mountain meadow of green grass and wild flowers. Iridescent butterflies flitted through the air, and there was a hum of life resounding all around her. The Golden Orb floated a few feet away tethered by the golden thread connected to her womb.

My two mothers together, the orb spoke. Its voice was so sweet; almost like singing. I am filled with joy. Soon, my dear mother, Alexa, mother Lilli will be filled with new life and you will send me inside her to begin my earthly incarnation. Know that I will always be with you; always love you, my first mother, she who drew me out of the ethos and into the physical world. We will always be one. When the time comes, I'll show you how to send me into mother Lilli.

At the same time, Lilli, fast asleep, also dreamed.

In the dream, Lilli awoke to the presence of a tall, beautiful being of scintillating white light. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the brightness. When she could finally take in the image completely, she gasped. She was a beautiful woman and Lilli experienced the light as pure love. Standing tall and erect, reaching up from the being's groin between her legs was a large, pulsating male sex organ. The white light woman knelt next to Lilli.

"Are you an angel?" Lilli asked. Her voice sounded far away and it was almost inaudible.



Something like that, dear precious, Lilli. I am an emissary of the Great Spirit. I am an extension of the spirit's energy form. In truth, we all are part of the Great Spirit in that way. Look at Alexa. Lilli didn't actually hear a voice. She felt the beautiful woman's voice with every part of her body. Look at her, she commanded. Lilli obeyed and clearly saw the Golden Orb glowing inside Alexa's sleeping body curled up next to her. She looked back at the angel but her eyes were drawn to the beautiful woman's hard cock. The angel took Lilli's face in her soft, silvery hand and turned it up to look in her eyes.

The Golden Orb inside dear Alexa was created by the union of the seer and this two-spirit woman. It is the soul of your coming child. Both you and Alexa will share in the mothering. It is you who must bare the physical child, let it mature naturally inside your womb and at the right time, Alexa will transfer this soul into your body. They will call your child a great prophet and seer He will bring a message of love and hope to the world. Receive my holy energy, dear Lilli.

The lady of light slid between Lilli's legs. When they were face to face, her full, soft lips of light touched Lilli's mouth and they kissed. Lilli felt flooded with love. It seemed to pour down her throat and fill her whole body. Then the angel's cock entered her virgin center, filled her and instant waves of orgasmic pleasure washed over her. Still kissing, Lilli felt something unimaginable. She encircled the angel with her arms. The feel of breasts mashed against her own breasts sent more ripples of pleasure through her. She cupped the angel's ass and pulled her tight. The angel shuddered, and a glorious, radiant fire pumped into Lilli, and she was swept away into oblivion.

Ran rode long and hard, pushing his stead to its limits. It was only his manipulation of their energy that kept them both going. By sunrise, he came to the Khan's western army encamped many leagues from Alamain. He was instantly recognized by the sentries and allowed to pass. He rode straight to General Lin's tent and leaped off his horse. Lin met him at the doorway with a frown.

"I am honored Ran Chi, but what has brought the seer out here at this hour?" Ran saluted him with a fist to his chest, and General Lin returned the formal greeting, frowning even more. "What has happened?"

"There has been a revolt in Alamain. Magara has led the inner guard against the Khan."

"He finally made his move," Lin replied. "Come in, sit and rest." He turned to one of his warriors. "Bring food and drink for the seer."

The general's tent was lavishly adorned with tapestries. The dirt floor was completely carpeted. Ran and Lin sat in one corner; food and drink immediately followed.

"Tell me everything," Lin said.

"Most importantly," Ran began, "Magara is on his way. I believe to try and sway your fealty."

"Then the Khan is done?"

"So the spirits tell me. Last word from his niece was that he was held up in the inner chambers." After a long pause, Ran asked, "So where will you stand?"

"Where do you stand?" Lin asked with raised eye brows.

"I believe we three options; one, kill Magara and send the empire into chaos, two, for the sake of the empire capitulate to him and make him the new Khan."

"And the third?" Ran didn't reply at first. He ate some dried meat and sipped the sweet wine.

"Third, imprison my brother, march your army to Alamain and let you, my old friend, take control of the empire. You are the Khan's cousin after all and blood line would stay pure." After another pause, he added, "What ever you chose, I will support you with my life as a friend and as the clan seer."

General Lin grunted and stood. He paced for several moments while Ran ate his fill.

"Do you think we should hear what Magara has to say?"

"Indeed, general. Let's see how he acts when my presence is revealed."

Both young women awoke at the same time. Caree sat next to them. The oil lamp still burned brightly.

"Caree!" Alexa said sitting up. "When did you get here?"

"While you two sleepy girls were dreaming."

"How do you know we were...oh ya...you are a seer too."

"I saw your visions, precious ones, and I know your destiny."

"Wait a moment," Lilli said. "Are you saying my dream was...?"

"Not really a dream," Caree answered. "Feel your belly and tell me something isn't different." Lilli placed her hand over her lower belly.

"You are pregnant," Alexa said. "I was told you would bare the child for the Golden Orb." Lilli laid back down clutching the area of her womb.

"But I've never been with a man. I am still a virgin. How can this be true?"

"You were impregnated by a spirit being," Caree explained. "And once the child has fully made its home inside you, Alexa will transfer the soul into your body and the body of your child. Yours and Alexa's fates are one now. This child will have two mothers, you and Alexa, and two fathers, Ran and the Great Spirit itself."

"When will we know it's time for the soul to enter the child?" Alexa moved closer to Lilli, now feeling a deep connection to her for the first time. She placed her hand over Lilli's hand on the young woman's belly.

"You'll know. The spirit will reveal everything in its own time. It usually takes a few days for a woman's body to accept and nourish a new child inside her. Once that happens, it will be up to the spirit to prompt you." The two young women smiled at each other. Lilli sat back up and they hugged.

"I feel like I have a sister now," Alexa said.

"I'm not sure how I feel," replied Lilli. "This is all so new and strange."

"I think it's time I taught you both a few things about a spiritual life," said Caree as she put her arms around them. "Imagine a beautiful tapestry woven by a master weaver. That is our life. We are each a thread woven by the supreme master weaver into an amazing tapestry that makes up this world. The threads, our true nature, are made of pure energy, spiritual energy, and each of us, from an old seer to a two-spirit slave girl to the niece of the great Khan, are all connected and one."

Inside Alamain, the captain of the inner guard brought the pike out and planted in front of the great palace. Magus Khan's head was impaled on it point. A twisted look of anguish was still etched into its expressions and blood dripped out making a ring of dark spots around the base. His father had been mysteriously poisoned when Magus Khan rose to power. Each Khan had met his demise in his own way, and now Magus Khan joined his ancestors in the web of bloody history.

Guards had searched the homes of the two seers and found nothing. They knew there were secret places inside the sacred mountain, but none were bold enough to search beyond the dwellings. They had tried to take Rain, but the horse wouldn't let them near him, so they abandon their efforts and returned to the fortress.

Magara sat smugly satisfied on the thrown of the Khan. For centuries, Magus Khan's blood linage had ruled the empire, and now Magara had brought that to an end. His blood line would rule the kingdom and his first task would be to bring the nearest army under his control, the army of the west. He would travel alone at sunset, hidden in the shadow of night, and ride to Lin's encampment. Coming alone would show Lin he had nothing to fear. Magara had enticements he was sure Lin couldn't refuse. And of course, ample evidence to show it was Ran Chi who took the life of Magus Khan. He smiled to himself. Everything was unfolding as he planned.

General Lin continued to pace. After a long time, Ran spoke to him.

"General, old friend, you do realized that Magara is going to come here slandering me? I am the only one from the Khan's inner circle who can effectively oppose his evil plans."

"Yes, yes, I have thought of that, Ran. This is tricky business. The fortress is nearly impregnable and the inner guard is strong enough to hold for weeks against even an army such as this. Only a lengthy siege would bring the fortress down, and so much would be destroyed. So many innocent lives would be lost."

"Indeed, that is our problem." Ran stood up and faced General Lin. "We have one more option. Agree to support Magara as long as he makes no changes to the ruling court. He keeps me as seer and all the field generals remain in their command. If he disagrees, I'll kill him myself and the fates can sort it all out." Lin laughed.

"There is a perverse enjoyment in throwing it back in the lap of the fates," the general said. "Let's hear out the little weasel and take it one step at a time."

"He won't arrive until tomorrow night," Ran said. "Just in case this is our last opportunity, let's drink some of that terrible wine you have and reminisce about the good old days." General Lin laughed heartily and ordered drink and food.

Alexa worried about her horse. She convinced Caree and Lilli to come as far as the hot pool where they could all bathe. Alexa then crept back into her dwelling and peeked out the door. There was no one watching. She slipped outside and went to Rain's stall. She was so glad to see he was alright, and she nuzzled his nose with her face.

"I love you, Rain." She scooped an extra helping of grain into his feeding basin and brushed his mane, tail and coat. Suddenly a piercing pain tore into her shoulder and an arrow point appeared through the front of her dress. She cried out as blood began to soak her clothing; she dove behind some rocks searching for the archer. He appeared from hiding, high on the canyon rim in full view and smiling with confidence.

And just as suddenly, he dropped his bow and clutched his throat gasping for air. His eyes bulged out of his face. His tongue distended. Alexa stood up and looked around the corner. Caree was standing with her arm out stretched toward the archer. Her fingers shaped like a claw. Finally the archer flipped over the side and fell with sickening thuds against the rocks breaking numerous bones. His body twitched as he died.

"Get over here, child," Caree scolded. "I should punish you. That was very foolish."

Alexa could barely walk. Her head swooned and the blood was running all the way down her body. Caree rushed to her and helped her back to the house. It took a while, but the old woman patched her up, made a concoction for the pain and packed the wound with medicinal herbs.

"Now get back into hiding. I'll come out from time to time and look after your horse." Alexa did as she was told and went back into the tunnel. Caree went back outside and dragged the corpse out of sight. When she passed Rain, she wagged her finger and said, "You take better care of her. You belong to each other."

When she rejoined the two younger women, Caree said to Alexa, "You need to listen to the Golden Orb. The time may come quickly when you have to transfer it into Lilli. If you had been listening, that archer would have never seen you. After you give Lilli the orb, you will be ready for a life time of listening to the spirit itself."

What ever Caree had given her made Alexa feel very drowsy. She laid back and closed her eyes. She thought of Ran Chi, her husband far away. Is he okay? She asked the Golden Orb. Father is fine, for now. Rest easy, mother. Alexa thought of her last night with Ran. Her memories were drawn back to the feeling she had when his hardness penetrated her. She inadvertently moaned, not in pain, but in memory of pleasure. The memory of his long, fat cock sliding slowly in and out of her. It sent shivers of joy throughout her body. The feeling of his balls, in her hand, shrinking and becoming hard as his delicious seed filled her mouth. The remembered sight of his cock, a perfectly symmetrical shaft that curved slightly upward, with numerous blood veins chiseled on its surface and the large, mushroom shaped purple head that flared out at the rim making it a wonderful experience when it first popped inside her. She recalled the incredible orgasms he gave her just by being inside her and the Golden Orb, their child, growing in her two-spirit womb, waiting to unite with the fleshly counterpart growing inside Lilli. Thank you, my child, she silently said to the orb. I love you so much.

Magara left the fortress just after dark and rode all night. He arrived at the encampment of the western army just at dawn. He held three signed confessions from prisoners already executed that swore Ran Chi gave to orders to kill the Khan. The Khan's ring of rule, still upon his severed finger, was wrapped in silk in his bag with the confessions. He smiled to himself as he dismounted in front of General Lin's tent. He approached the guard at the entry.

"Take me to General Lin," he ordered.

"The general is not to be disturbed until mid-day," the guard stoically replied.

"Tell him it's the master-at-arms."

"I have my orders, my lord," the guard said and bowed his head. Magara grit his teeth but offered no response. The guard spoke to his subordinate.

"Get the master-at-arms food and drink. Please relax in the adjoining tent, sir. I'll fetch you when the general is ready."

Magara reluctantly entered the waiting tent but declined the food and drink. He knew all to well it would be easy enough to poison him. After all, it was Magara who poisoned Magus Khan's father. He had his own dried food to nibble on. By mid-day, the guard came and told Magara the general was ready to receive him.

"Please forgive me, Magara," General Lin said gesturing to a large cushion. "I didn't get much sleep last night, and it's always difficult coming out of war time. So much work recovering our losses and recruiting new warriors." Magara didn't speak as he sat down. "I am surprised you are here unescorted. It isn't safe for a lone traveler. The land is completely lawless these days. I'm glad the war is over and we can straighten things out back home."

"General Lin, I bring disturbing news. Our lord and master Magus Khan is dead."

"Ah...so it did happen. Tell me when and how." Lin's calm reaction brought instant concern to Magara.

"He was stabbed and beheaded. It happened at last sunset. And even more insidious, three accomplices identified the murderer as...Ran Chi. I've brought their sworn testimonies and the Khan's own finger and ring...as an offering."

"Well...it's a curious story, Magara made more mysterious by the fact that Ran Chi has been in this camp for two days."

"What? Impossible!" Magara jumped to his feet.

"For the stress it's putting you through, I am truly sorry, but it is true. Do I understand by bringing me the butchered body part of my lord and master you are offering me the throne?" Magara had a look of shear terror in his eyes. He back toward the door as if he could flea and escape.

"For the sake of the empire," Magara said almost like a plea. "Who but you could lead us through these perilous times?" General Lin chuckled.

"I always thought you were a bit arrogant. Now here you are, offering me the throne like it was yours to offer."

"I command the fortress," Magara shouted. With unbelievable speed, Lin's hand came up with a concealed dagger, and he plunged into the center of Magara's chest. They fell over with Lin straddling the mortally wounded master-at-arms.

"You come here with the butchered finger of not only my lord and master, but my cousin and friend?" Lin twisted the knife and Magara screamed. "You'll be screaming in hell when you arrive." Lin through his weight against the dagger and buried it deeper into Magara's dying flesh. Ran Chi stepped out from behind a tapestry and knelt beside Lin. His hand went to the general's shoulder. Magara's legs twitched for a moment and then stopped.

"Thank you for that. I didn't want to kill my brother, but I would have."

By the evening meal, General Lin and Ran Chi decided their next course of action. They wrote a letter to the captain of the inner guard, placed it in an ornate box, gave it to a courier and prepared the army to march. Ran Chi rode ahead, concerned about Alexa and Lilli.

Just after dawn, the courier arrived at Alamain and presented his general's box. He set it on the floor, turned and walked out. He remounted his horse and cantered to the south gate.

The captain of the guard knelt next to the box, flipped up the latch and opened the lid. He reached in and unfolded the layers of silk. His face became a mask of shock and horror. He jumped away but his eyes remained frozen on the contents of the box. Magara's grotesque face stared out at him. A scroll was lodged in his gaping mouth.

After taking a moment to compose him self, the captain reached back in and pulled the scroll loose from Magara's mouth. His hands were shaking. He carefully unrolled the letter.

Dear and Honorable Captain Jun.

On behalf of the Western Army, I extend my most sincere regards to you and your fellow warriors of court.
