 Capitulus II (Chapter 02)

Sex practices at the Academy

Several weeks have gone by since Steev and Cherl found themselves on this new world. It extremely Earthlike; however, in comparison to Earth, Romana is 21 centuries behind Earth time. The Earthlings have established themselves in trade and their lives are pleasant but boring. Everything goes too well and, so far, there have been no challenges to keep them stimulated. Well, they have been stimulated but only (only?) sexually. 

Cherl has had her hostess, Zhanet, in her bed quite frequently. Zhanet is a graduate of an academy that trained her in the arts of lovemaking with both men and women. When Zhanet isn't available, Cherl has the choice of her host's four lovely musicians, and Steev has offered her the services of his two young consorts, Keri and Sera. She has not accepted them yet, as she has had her 'brains fucked out' by Zhanet and hasn't been in need of another woman -- so far. There is also the factor that Steev would be saddened if they left his bed even for an evening. 

Cherl has been waiting patiently for Claude to take her to the nearby city and allow her to purchase a woman of her own. His own business has been foremost in Claude's mind, and he hasn't had time to spare for Cherl's needs, uh, wants. He knows there are enough women in his household to take care of any sexual activity or deviance that she can possibly dream up. He is in no hurry to take her to the market.

On Dies Solis, Sunday, everyone is on the patio basking in the warm sun when there is a commotion at the service entrance. A servant approaches Claude and whispers in his ear and waits for instructions. 

Claude speaks to Steev, "There is a delegation of tradesmen who wish to discuss a pressing problem. Come with me, Steev. You need to know our local business people."

Claude welcomes the men into his home and waits for them to tell him of their problem. One by one, they tell him how the new trade goods are hurting their business. They are not making money because everyone is bypassing their stores to buy Claude's goods. They explain that they don't expect him to discontinue sales, but would he distribute the goods to them as well as a select few merchants. Claude realizes that he has upset a balance within the business community, and that if these men have no money to make purchases, the entire economy could suffer. He asks them for a few days to come up with an answer. They are relieved that he is not angry with them and thank him as they leave.

After they are gone, Claude is deep in thought. He asks Steev what he thinks they should do. He doesn't want to lose Steev's goodwill and trade goods. Fortunately, Steev has been wondering how long this trade imbalance would go on. With much coming in and none being sold outside, the whole economy might collapse. He asks Claude for a day or two to find an answer and Claude agrees.

On Dies Lunea, Monday, Steev returns to the ExoSphere to pore over the rep-card catalogue. He checks to see if there are instructions to manufacture some items that the replicator can produce. He finds that there are a set of instructions and diagrams for many items in the catalogue. He wonders if those plans existed before he started checking. Since there is no way of finding out, he prints out several dozen sets of plans and returns to Claude's estate. He may have the answer to the local problem.

When he shows the diagrams to Claude and tells him of his plans, Claude grimaces and wonders why he hadn't thought of this apparent solution. They will set up a training school to teach the locals how to manufacture goods similar to those that Cherl and Steev have introduced here. Steev will no longer have to use the replicator for items the townspeople can make; he and Claude will charge a small surtax on every item sold both in the city and in foreign trade. Claude is ecstatic. He foresees the city's economy blossoming. He puts their plans into immediate effect and has a training facility set up in his warehouse and invites craftsmen to join union shop.

His plan is to buy raw materials from neighboring towns and have goods handmade in his shops. He sees gold coins pouring into his treasury whenever he closes his eyes.

Steev is not so jubilant. He finds Sera and Keri rather depressed, and they can't seem to express their feelings to him. He asks Cherl to talk to them and try to discover what is troubling them. Cherl does as he asks and the young women open up to her, crying at their unhappiness.

"Steev, you bastard. You have made those two sweet young women miserable."

"What did I do? I have treated them with nothing but kindness."

"What did you do? What did you not do? What the hell did we discuss a few weeks ago? You were concerned about their ages and that they were like the daughters you wanted to have but didn't have. You swore you wouldn't let that stand in your way, and you would treat them as you would any other beautiful women. It turns out that you have permitted them to suck you off, but you haven't fucked them. They are beside themselves thinking you find them unappealing or worse, that you dislike them and their bodies. 

What did you do? Absolutely nothing. That's my point. Either fuck them or give them to me and find some old bags your age to share your bed." 

Cherl is steaming mad and stomps off. She finds one of the pretty musicians and practically drags her to her room. She pulls off her chiton and directs the young women to her genitals. She tells her not to bother with foreplay but just lick her to orgasm, many orgasms. The girl pulls off her own chiton, slides up between Cherl's legs and begins an oral sex session that goes on for over two hours. Cherl's anger is dissipated and she is more relaxed. She tells the musician to clean her face and prepare to sleep with her this evening. The girl asks if she wants another girl to join them, but Cherl says no. She wants to sleep with only her tonight. The young woman is pleased by Cherl's choosing her. She snuggles up against Cherl and puts her face between Cherl's breasts and profusely kisses them all over; she asks Cherl what more she can do to please her. 

Cherl tells her to go to sleep.

The next morning, Cherl awakens to the girl between her legs; the young woman's tongue is in Cherl's vagina. She is not licking, but just pressing her mouth against Cherl's pubes. Cherl expects the girl's tongue to begin thrusting but that doesn't happen. Cherl sits up and looks down at the girl's face. The girl is looking up at her as if expecting some sign or other. "What are you waiting for, child? Are you going to eat me?'

The girl withdraws her tongue and says, "No Ma'am. I'm going to drink you as soon as you're ready. I've been waiting for half an hour for you to empty. My tongue is very tired, but I can wait a while longer. I'm sorry if I am rushing you." 

"Your waiting for me to empty what, honey? My secretions? My pussy juices? You managed to suck me dry last night. As wet as I get, you did a fine job sucking it all out. We can get up and have our morning meal now."

"But Ma'am, I'm supposed to take care of you in the morning if I sleep with you all night. That's what I've been trained to do. It wouldn't be right if I didn't do it."

"You have me at a disadvantage, sweetness. What are you supposed to do? Remember, I'm new here and don't know all the rules yet. Furthermore, stop calling me Ma'am. I'm not your mother. My name is Cherl."

I can't call you by name, Ma'am. I would have to be beaten if I did that."

"Well, I wouldn't beat you. It will be our little secret. Okay?"

"No Ma'am. If you wouldn't beat me, I'd have to go to Zhanet and tell her what I did, and she would have to beat me. We can't break the rules."

"How is it that you can call her by name and not me?"

"Well, she is from the Academy, also, and is therefore my sister. I can call my sister by name without punishment. As mistress of Claude's household, she can use your name, but none of the rest of us can."

"Okay, honey. I get your point. Let's see. I don't like Ma'am as that makes me feel my age. I refuse to be called Mistress. I have it. Can you call me Miss?" 

"Is that another one of your names or is it your title? I'm not familiar with it."

"Yes child, it's a title. It means young woman. Okay?"

"Oh yes, you are a young woman. I can tell by the way your vagina tastes and it is very juicy. I have tasted older women, and they seem much drier than you. I will call you Miss from now on. Shall I tell my sister musicians too?"

"I guess so, if those are the rules. I need a printout of the rules if I'm not to step on toes. Can we get up now and get something to eat? I'm starving. All that sex last evening has given me an appetite. You must be hungry, too."

"Miss, you must not treat me as an equal. I am bonded to this household and to everyone who is not indentured. Please treat me as such, or I will be shamed."

"More rules. Okay. Let's eat now."

"I must drink first, Miss. Please let me, and then I can eat."

"I'd let you if I knew what the hell you're talking about, girl."

"Your bladder, Miss. I must empty your bladder. It is my duty. I explained that before. I slept with you all night. I have to. Please."

"Oh cripes, I don't believe this. Is that an absolute rule, child? Is Steev peeing in his consorts' mouths in the mornings?"

"They would ask him, but since he is male, he can make that decision. You are female and don't have that option. Please Miss, I am very thirsty."

Cherl shrugs and spreads her legs. The girl opens her mouth wide and presses it against Cherl's pubes again. Cherl tries to pee but is inhibited. Finally, she manages a little squirt and the girl looks up and says, 'umm huhm'. Cherl tries again and her bladder begins to empty. She can feel the girl drinking and swallowing until Cherl is empty. The girl thanks her and asks if there is more. Cherl says no, but thinks she had better learn the rest of the rules or there might be problems in the future. The girl licks Cherl dry.

"Do you do this every morning, child?"

"O yes, Miss. But if you would like me to drink you after sex or any other time, for that matter, I would be more than pleased to do so. If you use the lavatory, I will come and dry you. The drying paper is harsh. My tongue will feel much more comfortable when I lick you dry. Please ask me, I will enjoy it so much.

Maybe this won't be a bad experience after all. She found that peeing in the girl's mouth to be sexually stimulating.

They get up, don their chitons, and go to the dining area. Cherl sits at the table while the girl kneels beside her. As she starts to eat, she realizes the girl must be hungry, too. She surreptitiously, reaches down and feeds the girl. After eating, the girl asks Cherl for a cup of brown liquid from a decanter on the table. She drinks the liquid and licks the cup of any residue. Cherl is amazed at the length of the girl's tongue and how far she can reach into the cup. The young woman pushes aside Cherl's chiton and kisses her thigh. She is beaming from ear to ear. She is very happy. 

Cherl realizes that she has let this child lick her to numerous orgasms and has emptied her bladder into her mouth, and she doesn't even know the girl's name. She asked.

"My name is Milla, Miss. Thank you for last evening and this morning. I must go to my sisters now. They may need to use me." She straightens her chiton and runs off. Cherl watches Milla's buttocks swish back and forth under the thin chiton. She is wet again.

Claude's trade school is thriving. Craftsmen and local merchants are learning how to manufacture a dozen or more items that they will introduce into their local and foreign trade. They, too, are envisioning gold lining their pockets. They mentally bless the newcomers who have brought the miraculous items and the knowledge of how to reproduce them. They no longer resent them and wonder how they can show their gratitude. Steev wonders how far he can go in introducing new technology into this society. He is concerned about upsetting the status quo.

Cherl is also concerned but about the rules, sexual and otherwise, that govern the serving girls in this society. She asks Zhanet to gather the women together, so she can get a handle on the do's and don'ts they operate under. Soon, there is a group of giggling young women in the salon waiting for Cherl to ask them questions. They think it funny that she doesn't know their duties.

"Well, firstly, will someone tell me about the Academy and what you learn and do there?"

Zhanet stands up and explains, "We are all children of battle veterans who have been killed or badly wounded and some children of single women who can't support a family. We are adopted into the Academy as a higher caste than the average citizen. We are taught arts and sciences, the art of conversation, gracious manners, music and instruments, housekeeping arts, and other arts that make us highly useful, ornamental, and sexually desirable to the wealthy who will one day purchase us. 

"Our purchase price is based on our looks and abilities, and the monies we bring in goes to further the Academy's existence. After graduating from the first phase of academia at eighteen, we are introduced into the arts of pleasing men and women sexually, the Pleasure Time. We spend a year learning these new skills and, at age nineteen, are sold to those who can afford us. 

"We are very fortunate that we have been so selected, instead of living a life of poverty, slavery, or even worse. We have learned several trades, so that in case we are released from indenture or our owner becomes deceased, we can support ourselves. However, usually women who find themselves ownerless go back to the academy to teach both fundamentals and the art of pleasure. It is a wonderful life compared to that of other citizens."

"You mentioned slavery. Aren't you in that category since someone owns you?"

"Oh no, slaves are forced to do menial labor, used in terrible ways, beaten for even minor offences, used in the Arena, and lead a very difficult life. We are not usually beaten and live a similar, but somewhat lesser existence, to our owners'. We are extremely grateful for who we are and how we live. We try very hard to live up to what is expected of us, but it is not that difficult, as we love and enjoy what we do."

"Are boys given the same education and training as girl's?"

"No. They are trained to be soldiers in the officer corps. At eighteen, they have no specific sexual training although they have classes in how to best utilize women. They are able to watch the girls go through their sexual training so as to know what they can expect of us. At eighteen, boys have access to all female captives taken in war. They can use them as they wish. It is a splendid program and reduces tension among the young men. They become fine officers." 

"What if the female captives don't cooperate? After all, they probably don't want to be here."

"They have no choice. They can be beaten into submission and learn to obey every command. They must learn their place. They are captives and must remember that at all times; otherwise, there would be chaos among them."

"Do they ever rebel against their treatment?"

"Sometimes, but they are warned about what to expect if they disobey or attempt to escape. If they struggle against being used sexually, they are strapped down until they are unable to resist. They are severely punished for other disobediences, and if they continue to fight, they are sent to the Arena to be used until they expire. It is necessary to keep them in line. I would not want to be a war captive, and I can understand how they feel, but what else can be done?"

"Zhanet, how did you become aware of how the female captives are treated? Or should I say mistreated?"

"They are retrained at the academy but at an annex that is open to everyone's view. We can see what happens there. It is another way we can be thankful to be servers and not slaves. 

"Actually, our own pleasure training facility is open to public view. Any citizen may come and watch as we are trained and exercised. At eighteen, when we graduate into the Pleasure Time, our clothing is taken from us, and we are nude until we are purchased at nineteen. At first, it is embarrassing to be seen naked by anyone and everyone, but after awhile, it seems natural and, because we are proud of our bodies, we learn to enjoy it. I dearly love removing my chiton and letting others see my body. You will not find any woman here who doesn't find it delicious. We will undress at any opportunity. We become sexually aroused when we are nude; it is extremely stimulating to be viewed naked by another woman - or a man." Cherl thinks of exhibitionists on her own world. But then, what's wrong with nudity especially if you have a good body? In fact, she likes to be naked.

"Okay, Zhanet, I understand the concept of the, how did you refer to it, the 'pleasure time'. I would like to know some details. I realize you can't boil down a year's training into a few sentences, but if the young women would advise me as we go along, I'd appreciate it. I imagine that the average citizen here knows what to expect of the girls."

"Oh yes, Cherl. Do you mind me calling you by name? As you know, the other girls are not allowed and will be beaten if they do. None of us have ever been beaten, and we certainly wouldn't want to start now. Don't be annoyed by this, please."

Zhanet, I'd be honored to have you use my name. I feel so close to you." 

"Girls, did you understand what Cherl wants you to do? Don't think she knows your rules just because you know them. Advise her as soon as you see that she is perplexed. That will forestall any confusion. For every time you so advise her of something she didn't know, I will give you a treat. I will permit you to lick my vagina." 

The girls beam. They have found the twenty eight year old Zhanet's genitals to be delectable and would like to taste them more often. Cherl finds it interesting that just one year of training could instill this behavior in these women. They find that feeding on a woman's vagina a very positive aspect. 

She is learning to love this world. It is a lesbian's paradise.

Steev is again going through the replicator's catalog system. He would like to find some way of supplanting the horse and cart system with some faster means of transportation without causing a rebellion or a witch hunt. He finds a child's toy, a type of pedal car, that he believes that with some modification he can make an adult size mobile out of it. The replicator spews out a parts kit and a gear system that he thinks he will be able to reassemble into the vehicle he wants to build. He hunts for other items and makes a shopping list of things he wants to attempt. Trying to establish new technologies into this world should keep him busy and amused for some time to come. Hopefully, Claude will agree and not turn against modernization. 

That evening, Steev speaks with Sera and Keri and tells them he is ready to take their virginity. They smother him with kisses and want to go to bed immediately. He tries to convince them to wait until bedtime, but they are so restless and anxious that he finally concedes and they drop their chitons and race to the bed and wait for him to disrobe.

Keri immediately takes his penis into her mouth and creates such vacuum that he is fully erect within seconds. 

Steev is beginning to love this world. It is a man's fantasy paradise. 

After considerable foreplay, the girls are oozing their juices and the bed is becoming very wet. "Me first, please, Sir. Take me first," pleads Sera. Keri claims that since she sucked him to erection, she should be the first to be deflowered. Steev doesn't want to hurt either of their feelings, so he tells them to think up a way for him to make a decision. Sera is the first to offer a suggestion: she and her twin sister will lie side by side in a 69 position and perform cunnilingus on the other. The first to produce an orgasm and ejaculation in the other will receive Steev's attention.
