 Chapter 02: The Morning After

Waking up to the fragrant musk of his wife's hair, Adi buried his nose deeper into the source of that pleasurable scent. He found his hands still cupping Ilyana's breasts and his palms sweated from fondling her magnificent globes. Kneading them until her nipples stiffened, he then pinched them, which roused the Zamoran from her fitful slumber. 

Aroused by his mammary massage, Ilyana found herself unconsciously masturbating her vulva with one hand while the other hand stroked his penis back to erection. She sheathed his virile member back into her scabbard – expressing an approving moan as his shaft pushed through the folds of her vagina. Pushing her hips into her husband's phallus, the eighteen-year-old bride spurred her husband to continue the consummation of their union. 

Though three years her senior, the Turanian (until last night) never deflowered a virgin. All of his past partners possessed more experience than he and the prospect of educating Ilyana in the carnal arts – or at least the humble amount he presently mastered – truly excited Adi to the point where he nearly ejaculated into her passage. However, the prospect of exploring a brand new orifice checked his climax as he withdrew from her vagina and positioned the head of his manhood at the entrance to her bowels. 

The alien sensation of a penis entering her anus caused Ilyana to jerk away from his organ. When he insisted, by holding her hips in place, her derriere protested by clenching her rectum shut to the intruder. Nevertheless, his sodomizing sex demanded her obedience as he forcefully rammed his loins into her rebellious rear.

Entering and exiting with annoying frequency, the bulbous portion of Adi's phallus irritated her sphincter, which drew blood from the bride's bowels. Rivulets of tears wetted the pillow she buried her face into; her remaining pride unable to stand the thought of her consort witnessing the look of humiliation displayed upon her countenance. Sobbing freely into the cushion, her mouth cried out her lamentations as the Turanian's vile, but very virile member sunk deeper into her derriere. 

She shamelessly tried to assuage her pain by masturbating her clitoris and chastised herself when she found her glans already erect – thanks to the despicable act of sodomy perpetrated by her husband. Even more unbearable to her delicate psyche, the fact that she quickly climaxed from the combination of anal and vaginal stimuli flushed her cheeks red with indignation.

Another orgasm hit her body as Adi ejaculated and filled her rectum with his seed. This novel event made her fingers stroke her clitoris with greater vigor as the digits of her other hand violated her vagina. Thoroughly by accident, those previously mentioned fingers found the nexus of pleasure within her passage and she unabashedly spoke thoughts that seemed contradictory to her melancholy:

-Fuck my butt! Make me cum again!

The Turanian thrust deeper from hearing her words of encouragement. His surgation plowed through her posterior as the base of his cock felt her sphincter close upon his shaft. Ilyana's reluctance to participate in sodomy caused her to tighten her buttocks round her husband's prick. He tried to moving his member, but her collapsed hole offered no slack for maneuver. 

In attempting to unsheathe his virile member, Adi's testicles drew closer to his body, his loins ready to burst in ejaculation. However, Ilyana's anus denied his ejaculate entrance into her derriere. Locked in a mutual state of agony and ecstasy, the newlyweds mated, engulfed with the delirious desire to sate their want for orgasm.

Ilyana came many times, but the searing pain in her behind refused to go away whilst Adi wildly fucked her rear – desperately hoping that his wife would let him inseminate her orifice. Both intensified their coitus, in the vain hope of release, but the unspoken wish to prolong their passion made them indifferent to the other's pleas for mercy. 

Only the unexpected loosening of the Zamoran's bowels allowed her Turanian spouse to discharge the considerable volume of sperm stored in his balls. Unfortunately, the seminal enema led to an abrupt evacuation of her entrails. Feces soiled the saber-tooth rug on which they carried out their intercourse; relieving Ilyana of the constipation brought on by her wedding.

A wineskin served as a means of cleansing their filthy bodies as Adi squirted the vintage onto his sullied sex. Not forgetting his equally dirtied mate, he poured the clear liquid upon her rump. He needed to empty several skins before they washed away all the offal that remained on their persons. 

Of course, not desiring a repeat of that disagreeable incident, Adi held Ilyana as she struggled to keep the lip of the colambre away from her buttocks. When she freed herself from his grasp and cried:

-Please! No more, husband!

An enraged Adi took a whip he utilized on unruly fillies as he strode to close in on his willful wife. In fear of her back, Ilyana desperately threw random objects, which included a number of wedding gifts at the approaching Turanian. Adi easily brushed aside the lighter objects or avoided contact with the weightier presents. Seizing her by the wrist, he threw her on a large chest and brought the riding crop down on her cheeks.

She howled in pain as her husband exclaimed:

-You will learn to obey me, woman!

Red welts crisscrossed her abused buttocks. Blood started coming out of her wounds which went down the back of her thighs and calves. A pair of bloody pools formed under her feet as Adi applied more strokes upon Ilyana's hind quarters. (Even the riding crop contributed to the bloody scene as sprays of blood landed about the disheveled pavilion.) 

Once satisfied of her contrition, he rummaged through his scattered possessions until he located a jar of ointment to salve her wounded posterior. Putting the ointment on her backside, Adi attended to his wife's injuries, especially her abused anus. While her vulva sustained no lesions, he nonetheless rubbed the cream onto her pearl.

Ilyana's juices flooded out of her vulva as a result of his clitoral stimulation. On her mound, the ejaculate perfumed her already desirable loins. Down her legs, the liquid carried away some of the blood drying on her limbs. As her essence continued to rush out of her slit, Adi fingered her vagina in search of her tattered hymen. When he located the torn maidenhead, he rubbed the balm on the vestiges of her virginity. 

Ilyana rewarded the care he showed to her sore holes by squeezing down on his ministering digits. Her fingers joined his as she masturbated herself to paroxysm after paroxysm. Not wanting her orgasms to stop, her vulva ground on the smooth, wooden surface of the chest. As she smeared her essence onto the ebony box, her hands parted the cheeks of her buttocks; beckoning her husband to reenter her rectum.

Massaging his wife's pudenda revived his manhood and Adi wasted no time in putting his penis back inside her bottom. Lubricated by the aloe he placed inside her derriere, Ilyana's anal cavity accommodated her spouse's sex. This time, her hole experienced little discomfort as her frotting fanny edged closer to orgasm.

Quickly, without much forethought, Ilyana reached behind to fondle Adi's testicles. His hirsute scrotum made her palm sweat and she squeezed his balls before her hand wandered up his perineum and onto the rim of his rectum. While her index and ring fingers separated Adi's buttocks, Ilyana's middle finger pushed through his sphincter muscle. As she explored his anal cavity, she discovered a curious organ, which she stroked with her probing digit.

In rubbing his prostate, Ilyana coaxed his penis to spray her rectum with his spend. The Turanian's groin pressed hard against Ilyana's bruised and bloodied buttocks. As his membrum virile twitched and let loose his masculine milk into the Zamoran's bowels, Adi leaned his head down to place his nose next to her armpit. Lingering within her downy cavity, he breathed in her fear and arousal; then licked the sweat that plastered her axillary hair to her blushed skin. 

Remembering his duties, he reluctantly withdrew from Ilyana's posterior. Feeling rather unpresentable, Adi moved in front of Ilyana and brought his manhood before her mouth. The smell of wine, sweat, semen and feces competed with one another along with the faint odor of her vagina. At first, she wanted to refuse him admittance into her orifice, but the memory of her recent whipping instantly caused her to open her mouth. 

Ilyana retched at the awful taste. Her teeth unfortunately bit into Adi's shaft and she received a hard slap to her derriere for her negligence. Accepting the idea that Adi wished to fuck her mouth, she put her lips in between his sex and her teeth. As he rapidly pumped his phallus in and out of her opening, Ilyana closed her eyes to guard against his pubic hair. The musk of his sexual organ overwhelmed her olfactory and lust impelled her to run her tongue along his mating member.

This sudden gesture of cooperation threw Adi into a state of sexual climax. Ejaculating inside her mouth, he pulled away slightly to deposit his seed onto her tongue. Ilyana tasted his seed for the first and swallowed the oily substance down her throat. The odor of his spend overpowered the scents that previously lingered in her nose. Meanwhile, as her palate savored the strange flavors imparted by her husband's semen, Ilyana moved her head to as instructed; when her spouse told her to:

-Clean my cock, woman....

Once she performed that task, Adi dressed and added before he departed:

-I will send someone to help you bathe....

Dismounting the chest, Ilyana lied down on the ground and slept; waiting for this helper to arrive....