 Alexa-5

The Transfer of Power

I extend my sincere gratitude to Chloe for her editorial support, suggestions and her impressive promptness. I only wish I had found her for the first four chapters. And finally my humble thanks goes out to Alexa for planting the story seed and encouraging its growth.

A very, long, long time ago in Asia His body was still hot from the pool, and when he took her in his arms, she melted in his heat. Ran's cock was hard and long and their bodies pressed it tightly between them. Alexa could feel it pulse against her skin with each beat if his heart. Her lips hungrily found his, and her tongue darted in and out of his mouth. Avoiding her wound, Ran's hands were everywhere else; up and down her back caressing her hips and her ass; gliding across the skin of her belly making her stomach muscles twitch; and pinching her hard, little nipples. Alexa's hand wrapped around his swollen member and moved in soft, slow strokes making the seer moan.

"I want you inside me. No...I need you inside me," she whispered as he kissed her neck. Ran slid one hand between her legs, reached under, behind her swollen clittie and probed her tight hole with a finger. He smiled when it slid in with ease.

"You are ready, my love." He knelt between her legs and pulled her against him. With only a brief fumbling of guidance, Ran's cock found her tightly closed opening and he pushed against the rosette instantly opening her up. At the same time, Alexa pushed back and his glans popped into her warmth and softness. They groaned together as his shaft slowly sank inside her twitching body until his balls rested against her soft, perfect skin.

"At last," Alexa groaned. "Fuck me my darling."

Ran knew he wouldn't last long. The events of the last few days and his aching need for Alexa had him filled with a jumble of tense energy. He pumped in and out of her in frenzy as his base animal persona consumed him. He snarled as the beast was unleashed. Alexa bucked against him screeching like a wild bitch being taken by her alpha male mate. When Ran exploded, every shred of his humanity had slipped into the shadows of his soul. The great wolf spirit inside him took over, and as his balls released their seed and his throbbing cock filled her with spurt after spurt of molten passion, Ran howled long and loud. Alexa screamed as his orgasmic waterfall swept over her own climactic precipice of sexual joy.

Huddled together in the outer tunnel, with their backs against the stone wall, Caree and Lilli clutched each other. The sounds of Alexa and Ran's love making echoed throughout the cavern. Both women, the old seer and the young royal niece, were also swept up in the energy the two lovers had released. It flowed into them and stirred up their sexual centers.

Lilli rested her head against Caree's bosom and the softness of the older woman's breasts made her wet and itchy between her legs. She had never held a woman in her arms while she was sexually excited. Caree was on fire too. It had been years since she had felt this way toward another woman. As a seer, all things are possible, and it wasn't the first time she wanted to take a woman in her arms and satisfy her needs and surrender her own to the soft, feminine ways.

When Ran howled and Alexa screamed, it was too much for them to take. Caree pulled her bodice aside exposing her breasts and pressed Lilli's lips against one nipple. She reached inside the folds of Lilli's skirt, caressed the soft skin of her thigh and parted her legs. Lilli didn't resist. She waited her whole life for this touch. She willingly parted her legs, and Caree's hand found her wet, hot center.

"Touch me the way I touch you," Caree whispered to her. Lilli didn't hesitate. She mirrored Caree's wonderful exploration of her body. "Suck on my nipples," Caree groaned as Lilli's fingers tickled over her pubic mound fascinated by her first touch of another woman's sex. When Caree's fingers slid inside the sexual garden between the younger woman's legs, Lilli did the same to Caree as her lips locked around one fat, hard nipple. They both groaned as fingers explored their wet, slick inner centers.

Ran's cock remained hard, long and inside his loving bride. They were lost in a world all their own. As he began a second round of delicious fucking, Alexa stopped him.

"Lay on your back, my darling," she said kissing his lips.

"As you say, my mistress," Ran replied with a smile emphasizing the word mistress. Alexa was on her back and her legs were high up on his hips and locked around him. She playfully slapped him and unwound her legs. Ran began to extract his cock from her slick hole. They both gasped as it gradually slid out. He held the glans just inside her to savor the wonderful feeling. Alexa giggled and pulled her self off the throbbing member. It was wet and oozing with his semen making her love tunnel even juicier for the next round of intercourse.

Ran rolled on his back and Alexa straddled his hips guiding the great semen coated cylinder of pulsating meat back inside her. Like Ran, she loved the feeling of the glans just inside the entrance to her puss, and she hesitated rocking back and forth before relaxing and letting gravity draw her down making his cock disappear inside her. Alexa shuddered when she was completely filled. The feeling was heavenly. Lost in their own world of sexual rapture, Ran and Alexa didn't hear the moaning of orgasmic release coming from the tunnel secreted in the back wall of his room.

The captain of the inner guard stood on the western rampart of the fortress looking at the great army advancing toward Alamain. He knew it would take weeks for a siege to dislodge him, but he also knew that eventually, the siege would bring about his end. He longed for real power, but he also loved life. He shouted down to the gate guards.

"Allow General Lin and his personal warriors to enter. Open the gates!" Hopefully, he thought, the general will allow me to remain a captain. Hopefully, he'll allow me to live.

 The western horizon was filled with a massive cloud of dust created by 5,000 warriors, horses, wagons and support personnel marching and rolling with the steady beat of drums. Banners rode high baring the symbol of the Khan Empire, a lightning bolt crossed by a lance. Still a good two leagues away, everyone in Alamain could hear the sound of foot falls and horse hooves; especially the beating drums.

Ran heard it too. Alexa was curled up in his arms. His cock had finally been satisfied and lay limply across one leg. Half asleep, she held it in her hand. Even Caree and Lilli heard the western army's advance and emerged out of the tunnel. Alexa pulled a cover up over them when she saw the two women. Ran pushed the cover away, stood up naked with his cock hanging down still shiny with his love juice and fumbled for clothing.

"I need to go. I want to meet with General Lin before he enters the fortress." Ran didn't look back. He walked out the door, saddled his mount and rode away. Alexa looked at the two women and smiled. Caree walked up to the bed and jerked the covers away exposing Alexa's bare chest.

"Would you like breasts like these?" Caree cupped one of Lilli's breasts. The young woman squirmed but didn't pull away. Lilli closed her eyes while Alexa's widened. Caree smiled, moved behind Lilli and cupped both breasts and then pulled open her top exposing them. Her thumbs rolled around the fat nipples. Lilli almost fainted and Alexa started to laugh.

"I see you two have been busy," Alexa said and swung her legs over the bed. Then she thought about Caree's question and her hands went to her smooth, flat chest. "What did you mean? About my breasts?"

"Do you want lovely feminine breasts like these beauties?" Alexa remembered Ran saying something about an herbal concoction that would make her breasts grow. She stood up fully exposed.

"Are you serious? Yes, yes, yes, Caree." Caree reached around Lilli and grabbed Alexa's clittie.

"It has a side effect, and may keep this little nub from getting very stiff."

"I don't care. I want these." She reached out and touched one of Lilli's breasts. Lilli opened her eyes.

"It's okay," Lilli said. "We're like sisters now. Do you want to feel them?" Alexa smiled. Caree lowered her hands and Alexa gently took Lilli's breasts in her palms and softly squeezed. "Do you like them?" Lilli asked.

"They're beautiful," she answered and let her hands fall away. She looked at Caree. "Can we start today?" Caree laughed.

"We'll have to go for a hike in the hills. I'll teach you about the little flowers, how to collect them and prepare them. But first, I think it's time you two mothers have a spirit meeting with your child. Come with me back to the great cavern and I'll show you the way to my little home."

General Lin rode behind the drummers and between two of the main banner bearers. To his right was the great Khan Empire banner, but on his left was the Western Army banner with the symbol of an eagle clutching a rabbit in its talons. Ran rode in from the mountain ridge to Lin's south and joined the general.

"Greetings Ran Chi," the general said. "So do you think it will be a siege or a party?"

"Why not both?" Ran replied and the two old friends laughed. "I think today will be a party, general. I could see a greeting flag waving from the rampart over the front gate. Seeing Magara's head in a box must have made a great impression on the captain of the guard." They rode for a while in silence before Ran spoke again.

There are many fine field generals, but it is you my old friend that I would gladly support as the next Khan."

"Bah!" General Lin scowled. "I have no stomach for affairs of court. Those prissy minded, self indulgent upper caste make me sick." Ran laughed.

"Magus did little in court and spent most of his time in the field. You could too."

"Yes and his head is on a pike."

"Well...," Ran replied. "You don't expect to live forever do you?" Lin chuckled.

"I expect to die in the arms of an ugly woman in a far off land." They both laughed heartily and Ran slapped his leg.

"In all seriousness, general, you are the only field general with Magus Khan's blood line. I hate to council you against death inside an ugly woman's cunt, but I truly believe the empire can only be held together by you." Lin looked long and hard at the seer. His council wasn't to be taken lightly.

"Humph!" Lin mumbled, kicked the flanks of his war horse and surged a head of the banners and the drummers. Ran took off after him and their horses raced at a full gallop toward the front gate of Alamain. Lin wore the helmet of a general, and everyone recognized Ran Chi. When they raced passed the villagers who lived and worked the fields outside the fortress, Lin raised his fist high and shouted, "Long live Magus Khan!" The villagers shouted it back and waved as they passed. When they reached the main gate, they stopped. General Lin stood up in his stirrups and shouted it again. The guards on the ramparts shouted it back. "Long live Magus Khan!"

As the general and the seer slowly rode through the gates, Lin turned toward Ran with daggers in his eyes, he proclaimed, "If my cousin's head is still on display, the captain's will join it." Ran simply nodded.

Caree took both young women back to the hot pool, had them strip and bathed them, scrubbing their bodies with floral scented soap. From there she led them to her home, fed them and gave them a strange tasting tea to drink.

"Now back into the cavern," she said. "There's a special chamber for our work. If the spirits will it and the time is right, we will transfer the soul of your child from Alexa to Lilli. It is a portentous time. The power of the kingdom and this holy power inside you girls will transfer together. That is the way of the spirit." She laced her fingers together. "Everything is connected. Everything in the universe from the far stars to this special child is part of one magnificent tapestry." Alexa and Lilli turned their heads, staring gently into each other's soft eyes in the dim, flickering light. Caree could see their faces light up with slow sexy smiles.

Ran and General Lin approached the great palace. The inner guard lined the high staircase leading up. The piked head of Magus Khan had been removed. Jun, the captain of the guard stepped out and saluted the general. Lin returned it, threw a leg over his saddle and jumped to the ground. Ran followed him. A young stable boy ran out and took the horse's reins. Ran handed him a coin and followed General Lin.

In matters of court, customs dictated Ran Chi to be the superior. The general passed Jun without looking at him and proceeded up the steps. As Ran passed he whispered to the captain.

"For now, captain, you and your guard live and remain at your current station. Justice has been served with the death of Magara. General Lin, as the carrier of the Khan's blood line, will sit in the seat of power until all the field generals arrive and council has decided the new ruler."

"Of course, seer," Jun replied in a shaky voice. "I am at your service." He shouted a command, and the guard turned and marched into the palace behind the general and the seer.

It had taken several days to send word to the other three armies. One was still far to the east on a campaign to secure their borders up to the great mountains of the Hindu Kush. It would be weeks before they arrived, but the armies of the south and north would be here within a fortnight. Jun followed them into the throne room, agitated and worried about his fate.

"Captain," General Lin addressed him for the first time. He stepped up to the golden throne that Lin now sat on. "Where is the body of my cousin?"

"He now resides next to your ancestors, general, in the lower crypt below the palace." Lin turned toward Ran Chi.

"Seer, I now ask you to return the gift I gave you in regards to your brother."

Ran knew what General Lin was asking. He hesitated only a moment. He stepped up behind Jun, quickly gripped his head and twisted it with tremendous force. The bones of his neck cracked with a sickening sound and he twitched for several moments before going completely limp and dropping to the marble floor dead.

Caree led the young women through a maze of tunnels pointing out small landmarks that would help them find their way in the future. The light from the oil lamp created fantastic images and shadows as they walked reflecting against the bizarre shapes inside the cavern. They crawled through a narrow, low ceiling tunnel and entered into a small room that was adorned with thousands of crystals along its walls and ceiling. The room lit up with heavenly light. It was breathtaking. Before entering, she had them remove all their clothes.

"Now sit cross legged in the center here." There was one spot that had been smoothed out large enough for two people to sit comfortably facing each other. "Sit with your knees touching and hold hands," Caree commanded. Alexa and Lilli obeyed.

"Now close your eyes. Alexa, connect with the Golden Orb. Lilli, can you feel the child inside you?"

"Yes, seer."

"Good. Now quiet your minds and search for the image of your child behind your closed eye lids."

It was easy for Alexa. She had been communing with the Golden Orb ever since it conception. Lilli sat quietly focused on the darkness. Suddenly she saw a small cherub-like face looking back at her. Its eyes were closed and its facial expression never varied. Alexa on the other hand heard the voice of the orb.

Mother dearest. It is time. I will leave your perfect, wonderful two-spirit womb and enter my fleshly body inside mother Lilli. But do not worry, in some respects, we will be closer than ever. By bringing my spirit to the material world, you will be able to hold my little hand in yours. You will teach me to talk and walk and sing and play, as will mother Lilli. Together, you will raise me in a spirit filled life, and together we will bring a message of hope and love to the world. Open your eyes, dearest mother Alexa.

Alexa opened her eyes and the Golden Orb floated between her and Lilli. The golden thread still connected her to the beautiful ball of golden light. Then Lilli, still with closed eyes, heard the voice.

Dear mother Lilli. Lilli still held the vision of a cherub's face. Open your eyes. Lilli opened her eyes. When she saw the Golden Orb a tear welled up in one eye and rolled down her cheek. It was so beautiful. Its golden light flared brighter and a tiny thread of gold emerged out of the orb and slowly worked its way toward Lilli's womb. Both girls stopped breathing. With a sudden darting action, the golden thread pierced Lilli's body and shot into her womb. She gasped and sucked in a deep breath of air. The thread from Alexa's body detached and when it wiggled back into the orb, the two-spirit woman exhaled and took a deep breath. Slowly the orb moved closer and closer to Lilli's body until pushed against her and suddenly popped inside her disappearing. Lilli's moan was almost sexual, and she placed her hand over her belly. Alexa and Lilli looked at each other. Finally Alexa grinned and Lilli returned the smile.

"I love you, Alexa," Lilli said.

"I love you too, mommy," Alexa replied. They hugged laughing and the orb's voice resounded inside them.

My dear mothers. The transfer of power is complete. Once again the spirit will become flesh. Once again the Great Spirit will incarnate in human form. I am that form. I am that spirit. We all have but one purpose in life now, and that includes you too dear Caree. We are here to manifest love in the world. To nurture it and bring new vitality to the precious gift of life that the spirit has given to the world. Humanity forgets from time to time, and I return from time to time to remind the world of the beauty of love.

The new captain of the guard was inaugurated from its ranks after he personally removed the old captain's body and dragged it through the streets behind his horse. Once things settled in place and General Lin had a firm grasp of the reins of power, Ran prepared to leave. As he started to mount his horse, Alexa rode up on Rain with Lilli sitting behind her. His heart skipped a beat. How even a few hours made him miss her.

Both young women had a glowing radiance about them, and Ran immediately knew the transfer had taken place. God he wanted Alexa, and he wanted her now! He helped Lilli down from Rain and placed his hand on Alexa's leg.

"I was just leaving," he said. He turned to Lilli. He placed his hands on her shoulders and smiled. "So you are officially pregnant, I can tell." He placed his hand over her womb. "I send my blessing to our child, Lilli. From now on, our home is your home, all that we have is yours and anything we can do for you and with you, just ask." Lilli beamed.

"I will seer, father of our child." She looked at Alexa and reached her hand up. Alexa laced her fingers in Lilli's. "I am so happy Alexa. Thank you for helping make me a mother."

"It is all the work of the spirit," Alexa said. Ran was so proud to hear her say that. "And I agree with my husband. "All that we have is yours. Come every day with me to Caree's and we will learn the spirit ways together." Lilli blew her a kiss, smiled at the seer and bound up the steps.

"Be careful," Ran called out.

"She's fine, my master. Take me home." Ran mounted his stead and together they rode back to their home canyon. Ran spoke to her as they rode through the narrow streets of Alamain toward the southern gate.

"I told General Lin that we are husband and wife." Alexa reined her horse to a stop. Ran turned in his saddle. "What?" Tears began to fill her eyes. "Don't do that! I hate it when you cry."
