 Chapter 01: The Wedding Night

Upon the command of his father, Adi prepared to consummate his marriage to Ilyana Ivanova, daughter of a merchant trying to curry favor with his father. The Governor of Aqaba's connections with the Zuagirs assured the safety of those wanting to cross the Eastern Desert. Of course, a trader desiring to traverse the aforementioned wasteland must cultivate a friendly relationship with the governor in order to obtain his protection. While the herd of horses from Bhalkhana impressed Governor Hassan of Aqaba, he thought an additional gift might persuade him to extend the hand of friendship to Ivan Yuriev.

Reluctantly, the merchant returned with Ilyana, a child he originally planned to wed to a count whose pedigree and Bhalkhanan estates might elevate him to higher status in Zamoran society. Since her value lay in her virtue, Ivan the Horse Trader strove to isolate Ilyana from the vices of his people. Educated in etiquette and other social refinements, Ilyana spent the majority of her eighteen years of life learning to please her future spouse.

When he presented her to the governor, Ivan thought that Hassan may wish to take his daughter into his seraglio. However, the Governor of Aqaba surprised him by declaring that his seventh son -- a boy of twenty-one years named Adi -- will have the honor of deflowering the beautiful maiden on her wedding night. The exact reason of Hassan's decision to marry Ilyana Ivanova to his son, hidden to Ivan Yuriev, supposedly came from the desire to remain among the living (for the women of his harem planned to send him to Erlik if he ever added another maiden to their ranks). 

After sacrificing a Bhalkhana stallion to the Everlasting Sky, Adi formally abducted his bride from her residence, accompanied by his trusted blood brothers. He liked the fear she showed, or at least pretended to express, when they bashed through the front gates and beaten the servants that attempted to defend their mistress's honor. Given the relative peaceful nature of this event, Adi made his men refrain from using steel during the wife taking ceremony. However, he gave them free reign to employ their fists (and some also took liberty by carrying off much of the Horse Trader's property).

Departing Ivan Yuriev's home in ruins -- with male slaves and servants beaten to unconsciousness -- the company returned to the camp they established near the oasis; laden with loot and slave girls. Depositing his bride in the nuptial tent, he rejoined the celebrations while Ilyana awaited her fate inside the lavishly furnished pavilion. She willed herself not to listen to noises from without her shelter, but her fancy created horrible scenes that preoccupied her thoughts. Hysteria threatened to overtake her mind and she welcomed her husband's silhouette when he reentered their shelter.

Perspiration caused by the heat of the Eastern Desert forced Ilyana to discard her wedding dress during the day. With the chill of night, she regretted her previous action as she shivered in her shift. Unfortunately, her spouse even denied that small amount of comfort when he ripped her remaining garment from her body. Naked before her new master, she instinctively covered her bosom and loins from her husband's lustful gaze.

As typical of Zamoran maidens, Ilyana wore her hair unbound and she quickly used her black tresses to conceal her bust; but her husband insisted on seeing her naked breasts and so he pried her right arm from her dark brown nipples while pulling her locks back with his other hand. Dragging her to a tent pole, he pinioned Ilyana's hands on the object as he undid his belt. Lashing her to the improvised pillory, he disrobed until he stood equally naked before her quaking figure.

Her buttocks felt his hands on her cheeks as he positioned them towards his penis. The erect member yearned for sheathing in her sex, but the master of that wicked phallus ran the head along her loins. Tickled by his manhood, her inner lips emerged from the dark growth of her mound. Betrayed by her own body, which anointed the glans with her vaginal fluid, Ilyana's tormentor pressed that awful head against her clitoris: arousing her closer to orgasm when abruptly, he plunged his cock into her cunt.

Pain replaced pleasure as her body registered the tearing of her hymen. The metallic smell of blood hit her nostrils along with the scent of her sweat and the familiar odor of her vulva in heat. In addition to these recognizable aromas, the recently unknown perspiration of her husband wafted into her nose, seemingly compelling her to push her hips into his impaling prick.

Meanwhile, as her rebellious body cooperated with her raptor in coitus, Ilyana sensed his hands moving up her body. He deviously brushed the hairs underneath her arms before cupping her breasts in his palms. His detestable digits then pinched her nipples and she loathed herself when moans of ecstasy escaped her lips. Indeed, the folds of her vagina tightened round his abominable organ. 

Most unbearable to her pride, the flesh that housed her ravished soul came from the union with the Turanian. She shook violently in a series of paroxysms and unwittingly invited her husband to:

-Spend inside me! Let me bear your child, sire!

Naturally, he happily fulfilled her wish as he inseminated the violated matrix. The warm liquid filled her loins and she involuntarily shuddered sympathetically to his climax. Inexplicably, at least to the remnants of her conscious mind, her person responded favorably to the rude noises produced by their copulating loins. In contrary to her desires, her groin ground on his virile member; refusing his softening sex the chance to exit her hungry slit.

Milking, she extracted more semen from Adi's penis, urging him to fill her passage to the brim of her engorged labia. Streams of blood and ejaculate trickled down her legs as they mingled with the beads of sweat that collected on the hairs of her limbs. The gathering pool at her feet made standing more difficult and she constantly slipped -- thrusting her crotch down onto his penetrating phallus. 

Deep inside her, Ilyana's womb stirred in hysterical fits that also caused the rest of her body to tremble in euphoria. Her shaken frame found succor in the arms of her spouse, who supported her as she relished in the throes of orgasm. Once her senses returned, she noticed that her lord sniffed the drenched strands of hair at her side. To her further disbelief, Ilyana encouraged him by craning her head to the opposite side, exposing her neck to his passionate kisses. As she never properly kissed her mate, she honored her husband by letting him kiss her on the lips. 

The pair remained -- pressed together in carnal union as Adi moaned into Ilyana's mouth -- his hips thrusting rapidly as he unloaded another volley of sperm into her vagina. Exhausted from their congress, Ilyana submitted to her husband's sovereignty; his hand masturbating her erect clitoris while she screamed in approbation.

Her hands came suddenly loose during their intercourse and instead of pushing him away Ilyana invited him closer by pressing her back on his hirsute chest. Her cheek nuzzled against his groomed beard and she explored with her hands the man who initiated her into womanhood. The muscles of his firm figure thrilled her -- hardening her nipples -- without the assistance of her consort's fingers. 

Briefly fondling her bosom, she next progressed down to her loins, where she located his scrotum and the shaft that continued to deflower her erstwhile virgin vulva. With one hand, she massaged his testicles while her other hand grabbed the back of his head to bring his lips back to her mouth. Feet firmly on the ground, she braced her shoulder against the tent pole as she pulled on her husband's balls and forced him to pump all the spunk left inside his tentigo. Left panting on the post, she barely realized that she frotted her vulva on the pole, stimulating herself to orgasm before joining her husband on the floor. 

They shared an embrace and many kisses as want of sleep started to slow her limbs. Before surrendering herself to slumber, she allowed Adi the chance to mate with her face to face. With his warm body atop hers, she wrapped her spread legs around his, barely feeling the jets of seminal flooding her moist sheath as she lingered on the edge of consciousness. Her orgasming body shook under his as he rammed his member home. 

She heard his gasps just as Adi listened to her labored breathing -- compounded by the weight of the Turanian's body pressing down on her petite figure. After sharing one last kiss, he draped a blanket over her tired frame and laid a pillow under her head. Nestling her back next to the front of his body, she hoped her body may tempt him to take her once more... preferably... later on this night... or sometime before morning....