 Intro: In the event the reader has not read the intro to Chapter 06, I feel the need to repeat it.

In our universe, the unbroken hymen is located near the entrance of the vagina; however, in the parallel universe of Romana, I have chosen to locate it further into the vagina to the rear of the entrance and the (easily stimulated) G-spot. I have also imbued the Romana women with stronger vaginal muscle especially at the entrance. 

Remember that this is Sci-Fi.

________________________

The Year is 2132 Capitulus VII (Chapter 08)

What does the future hold in store for the younger women?

Marcus' men have erected several wind turbines close to where the windmills are pumping water to Claude's estate; but as yet there are no power receivers. On their way back from the Guard Camp with Cordele and Marcus, Steev broaches the subject with Claude. 

"Claude, I would like to install some equipment in your home, but it might cause some gossip and controversy, so I'll need your permission and understanding."

Claude is surprised that there could possibly be more that he has not seen yet. 

"Steev, I've seen the advanced weaponry you produced for the Guard. I'm curious as to what else you can manufacture. Is it like the weapons?"

"No, Claude. Much more advanced," Steev explains. "It will produce lighting, cooling, and other benefits for the household, but it might come under scrutiny by the Prefecture, the Magistrate or even the Senate. I don't want to cause you problems; Cherl and I have done enough of that already."

"Don't be concerned about the government," Claude interrupts. "I have enough clout that they aren't going to bother me."

"Where do these marvelous machines come from, Steev?" Marcus asks from the back seat of the buggy, where he and Cordele are riding. "Where do you come from that you have such machinery?"

"Marcus, there is a land beyond the Mediterranean and the Atlantic Ocean called Amerigo. It was named after one of your countrymen, Amerigo Vespucci from Florence. Cherl and I have traveled from those shores to Rome," 

Steev is trying to keep his explanation as true as possible, but is very excited about his latest idea. "There are many inventions there that haven't reached Rome as yet and won't for many years to come; however, I have had some sent here by a ship that has returned to Amerigo and won't come this way again. I would like to introduce them, but I have only enough of these machines for a single display. I can't import any more. Claude, are you willing to see them installed in your household; possibly at the expense of wagging tongues?"

"Before I can answer that, I would like to hear more about what they can do," Claude responds cautiously.

"I will set up the machinery in your estate, but before I do, you must make it clear to your entire household that discussing it with outsiders may result in dire consequences," warns Steev.

Claude nods in agreement, and the couple in the back concurs. They all know how helpful Steev's inventions have been, and do not want anything to deprive themselves of more in the future.

________________________

When the four arrive at the estate, Cherl is waiting for them, and Cordele hugs her immediately.

"Oh Cherl, it is so good to see you. I would like to spend time with you more often," says Cordele pulling away from the other woman's embrace. "You remember my husband, Marcus? It is by his good nature that I have come to be with you."

Claude and Steev continue on into the study, immersed in their discussion of Steev's proposal.

Cherl is so excited to see Cordele and her husband that she doesn't pay any attention to the two men. 

"Cordele, it is so good of you to visit me. Marcus, thank you for bringing her. She is a loving friend to me."

"Cherl, it is more than just to talk with you that I'm here. I have missed you and the warmth we shared that has compelled me to come here," Cordele admits. "When we had sex with each other, I found that I had a double nature; I am interested in both men and women. I can't seem to put that other side behind me. Cherl, is there any chance that you would have sex with me again?"

"Oh my goodness, Cordele. I'm a bit taken aback. Of course, I'd love to have you in my bed, but what about Marcus? Marcus, are you comfortable with your wife sharing my bed?"

Cherl is breathing hard, thinking of the joy of sex with Cordele.

Marcus replies in a very strained, unnatural voice, "My lady Cherl. I am in accord with Cordele in this. The vision of both of you having sex together is very stimulating to me. I am aroused just thinking of your beautiful bodies entwining. Please, don't think me perverted; I just can't help imagining you giving pleasure to each other and..."

Cordele interrupts Marcus, "Cherl, I know it is before the dinner hour, but if you would be so kind, could we make love now, this minute? My heart is racing, and my pudenda has been getting wetter and wetter as we have been discussing this."

"Cordele, yes, yes. I have sent Sylvi on an errand with Keri and Sera. She won't be back for several hours. Heather is in my bedchamber, but she won't mind. She'll probably want to watch us, too. Marcus, Steev is around the estate somewhere fooling around with those windmills your men moved here. Would you like to find him and discuss his latest plans?"

"Umm, Cherl. There is another favor I would ask of you; would it be alright if Marcus stays while we have sex?" asks Cordele.

Cherl is aghast. She has never had sex when a man was present, and she is at a loss for words.

"Cherl, Marcus is just as anxious as I for me to fornicate with you, but he has pleaded with me to let him observe us. I told him that if you would agree, it would be fine with me. In fact, it would add a frisson of spice for me to have my husband watch me perform cunnilingus on another woman. I think my heart is about to jump from my chest; I am so excited at the prospect of sex with you, Cherl."

"Cordele, Marcus. Let's go to my bedchamber while I think about this. I want to do as you ask, but I'm not sure I can handle having a man witness me having sex with a woman, especially his wife. This is something very different than I have ever done."

They find Heather reading in Cherl's room. Cherl introduces her to Cordele and Marcus. Heather is wearing only her loincloth, and Marcus finds it difficult to avert his eyes from her large, beautiful breasts. When Cherl tells Heather that Cordele and she are going to have sex, Heather begs to be allowed to watch them. Her request becomes more adamant when she learns that Marcus may be permitted to watch, too. She hopes that she will be allowed to watch if he participates even if she is not permitted to join them.

Cherl sighs and gives in. She lets both Marcus and Heather stay. 

The feeling of informality that the women previously shared is tempered by Marcus' presence. They are all nervous, each trying to decide what the first move should be. Finally, Cherl looks at Marcus and unpins her chiton. 

When the dress falls to the floor, Marcus' eyes widen at the sight of her luscious body. He looks to Cordele for approval of his ogling Cherl, and Cordele smiles and nods. 

Marcus stands off to one side and watches his wife reveals her body to her former owner. With so many naked women around him, Marcus has become extremely rigid.

Cherl notices Marcus' erection, and asks Marcus to remove his tunic. She wants to see what effect her body has on a man, and she is pleasantly surprised. She is gratified that she can stimulate a member of the opposite sex. Until now, the thought of a man watching her seemed very distasteful, but in reality she finds it to be quite thrilling.

Heather's pulse is racing; this is the first time she has seen a naked man since leaving the Academy Pleasure Time and has never been this close to one. She feels her face getting hot and tingly; she hopes that Cherl doesn't recognize that she is aroused by Marcus' erection. She is glad that the small hand towel she had placed between her legs is hiding that fact. She strives to control her breathing. She is now so turned on that she is very close to orgasm already.

Cherl sits on the edge of the bed and spreads her legs to give Cordele access to her genitals. Cordele kneels before Cherl, leans forward and licks Cherl's slit.

Extremely aroused by what is happening around her, Heather has a spontaneous orgasm; she moans and shudders. The older woman can smell Heather's arousal and orgasm and the serious mood in the room is broken. Cherl and Cordele giggle at Heather's response to their action and quickly relax into one another again.

Poor Marcus has no clue as to what just occurred. He has a confused look on his face, but he still has a very hard erection, which he begins to stroke as he watches his wife licking her former owner's slit.

Cordele resumes licking Cherl until that woman has a series of intense orgasms. Cordele inserts her tongue into Cherl's vagina and licks her clean of any juices that she hasn't already sucked out.

Heather's small towel is soaked, so she puts it underneath the bed and finds a dry one. She eyes Marcus' penis and, though she will never mention it to Cherl, fantasizes about sitting in his lap and feeling that hardness up inside her tearing her hymen. Under the towel, she gently runs her fingertips over her clitoris. She stops when she is just about to orgasm, but she is on the verge again. She would come if someone would so much as touch her anywhere - on her face or body.

When Cherl and Cordele exchange places, Heather sits on the floor next to Cherl, so she can see more of what Cherl is doing to Cordele. When Cherl begins licking Cordele's vagina, Heather pinches her own nipple and she orgasms - again. Cherl's tongue is up inside Cordele's canal, so she tries not to laugh at Heather. 

Cordele is so near her own climax that she is unaware of Heather's orgasm. Marcus is equally enthralled with the sight of Cherl performing oral sex on his wife that he, too, is not cognizant of Heather.

When Cordele finally reaches her completion, her orgasms wash over her one after another. Cherl continues licking Cordele's clitoris with long strokes of her flattened tongue, determined to see just how many orgasms Cordele can have without stopping. Finally, Cordele's clitoris becomes so sensitive that she pushes Cherl away. She is too exhausted to speak.

The smell of vaginal secretions hangs heavy in the air, and the pheromones are driving Marcus wild. Cordele feels sympathy for her husband; she rises from the bed and bends over, bracing herself on the arms of a chair. She spreads her legs exposing her vagina, and Marcus does not need a verbal invitation. 

Cherl beckons Heather over to the bed to lie with her and watch the married couple's frantic sex. Marcus is clearly at the end of his control.

Marcus grabs Cordele's hips with his large hands and rubs the tip of his penis around the lips of her vagina. Cordele backs up and impales herself on his erection. Marcus has no more control left and begins to take his wife roughly from behind. He pounds into her for a few minutes, but he has been so stimulated that he can't stop his ejaculation. 

When he comes, his heretofore-powerful legs wobble, and he sits down on the floor. Cordele bends over him and licks his and her juices from his penis. She takes it into her mouth and ever so gently sucks out whatever semen is left inside him.

Since Cordele is standing but bending over, her bottom is raised upwards. Cherl notices Heather craning her neck to see the semen beginning to seep out of Cordele's vagina. 

Cherl decides to allow Heather to participate a little bit. 

"Cordele, would it be alright with you if Heather licks Marcus' semen out of you?" 

Heather gasps, turns and gives Cherl a big, ear to ear grin.

While at the Academy Pleasure Time, Heather performed oral sex on other girls and women for many hours a day, four days a week and several hours on the weekends. She learned to love the spongy feel and delicious taste of their vaginas. Since Cherl purchased her, she has had that pleasure only once. She is very hungry for pussy and its secretions. 

On Fridays, when they practiced having pretended sex with men, she had been given animal semen. It was alright, but she longed to taste human semen. She thought that since she was a sex slave to a woman, she would never get to taste a man's semen. Now, she may have the opportunity to have the best of both worlds: to eat Cordele's pussy and taste Marcus' semen. She feels dizzy with desire.

"Oh Heather, you have been left out of our love making; of course, you may lick me. Wait until I finish with my poor husband, and you and I will make love." Cordele gently sucks Marcus' penis until it becomes quiescent. 

"How do you want me, Heather? On my back or knees or on all four?"

Heather asks Cordele to kneel and slides her face under the woman's crotch. She loves this position as it places the woman's vagina directly over her mouth. 

Cordele is very wet and when Heather begins sucking, she is rewarded with a mouthful of Marcus' semen. She holds it in her mouth and savors it. She knows she should swallow and get back to Cordele's genitals, but she may never get a chance to taste human semen again; she continues to hold it in her mouth. It is thicker and tastes different from the animal semen she used to get, but at last, it slides down her throat, and she attacks Cordele's vagina with her mouth and tongue.

After coming yet again, Cordele raises up from Heather's mouth. She is completely sated and doesn't want to be over stimulated. She slides down Heather's nubile body to the girl's pudenda and begins a slow, steady licking rhythm between Heather's labia and up over her clitoris. Heather is so sexually sensitive that she begins having multiple orgasms, something she has not experienced even in a year of sex at the Academy.

Marcus has been lying on the floor alongside Heather and Cordele and is so turned on by watching his wife and this lovely young child eating each other that he is erect again. He rises and kneels behind his wife, penetrates her, beginning a slow rhythmic movement that matches his wife's licking rhythm. Within minutes, all three explode into orgasm. Cordele turns to lick her husband clean; her vagina is back over Heather's face and the girl takes advantage of the position and is able to suck Marcus' semen from Cordele's love canal. Heather can't believe that she is fortunate enough to savor his cum twice within a few minutes.

"Well, Heather," says Cherl. "Although you may not have sex with a man, this may be a good substitute. What do you think?"

"Oh Miss, thank you so much for allowing me to have sex with Cordele and to ingest Marcus' semen. I don't have the words to tell you how much I love you, but it's very, very much." Heather bounces onto the bed to give Cherl a hug.

"Cherl, thank you for a wonderful afternoon. May I come again when you're not too busy?" Cordele interrupts.

"Cordele, come anytime you want. Come at your leisure; may coitus interrupt us even if the household is very busy; I will always take time for sex with you. And Marcus, you are welcome, too. I never thought I'd have a sexual situation with a man present, but I found it quite stimulating. I'm sure Heather enjoyed it, too."

________________________

Meanwhile, Steev has decided to utilize some of the technology he retrieved from the ExoSphere before it disappeared, and offers to air-condition Claude's estate.

"Claude, these two metal plates become very cold when electricity, a kind of lightning, passes through them. We'll put one set in your bedchamber, so you can judge whether you want them throughout the house."

"And just where does the lightning come from that makes the metal cold?"

"Remember the wind turbines, uh, windmills that the Guard installed about a half mile from here? They send the lightning through the air to a receiver attached to the bi-metal plates. When I put the system together, you will see what I'm talking about. That will be easier for you than my telling you about it. I don't have the words to tell you how these things work, but it'll be very, very cool in your rooms."

Steev had had the Guard build some wooden boxes to house the bi-metal strips, a receiver, and a fan to blow cold air into the room. That night, Claude and Zhanet spend the first cool sleep they ever had in the hot summer. The next morning, Claude wants to build thousands of the coolers and make a vast fortune. Steev bursts Claude's bubble and tells him of the limited number of receivers he has. They finally agree on putting a unit in every room of the house, including the servant's quarters. Next, he sets up a lighting system, so that the household won't need candles or other flame produced lighting.

Steev builds a few more dune buggies and powers them with electric motors; Unfortunately, the buggies can only operate within twenty miles of the wind turbine transmitters. Steev has not been able to figure out how to build motors that are not tied to the turbines.

Steev spends many sleepless nights working on the problem. After many weeks of agonizing over a solution and wishing for the Exosphere to return, he comes up with a possible method; he makes a dune buggy with a body shell made of solar collectors: It is self sufficient and has an unlimited range; but he has only enough solar collectors for one car and no way to manufacture more. The blueprints call for materials he hadn't replicated. He tells himself that he couldn't have thought of everything he might need and, besides, the Exosphere and, thus, the replicator had run out of energy to sustain it. He still blames himself.

________________________

Cherl wants to learn more about the Academy's Pleasure Time, and has been asking Heather about it every night after dinner.

"Heather, you had sex with girls four days a week; what did you do the rest of the week?"

"Well, on the fifth day, we learned about sex with boys. We had instruments to practice with; one was a small, hollow knob that fit just inside our pudenda, but not deep enough to tear our hymens. We learned to squeeze the knob with our vaginal muscles. After a few weeks, it was attached to a vertical tube; there was a little ball inside the tube, and we would squeeze air from the knob into the tube and that would make the ball rise. If we stopped squeezing even for a second, the ball would fall to the bottom of the tube, and we'd have to start over again. After a while we were able to squeeze the knob rhythmically and send the ball to the top of the tube and over the rim. From then on, we were timed on how long it took us to push the ball over the side of the tube. We also had contests to see who would be first to dislodge the little ball.

"There was another instrument that was the reverse of the first one. We would squeeze the knob until the little ball rose and pushed a valve open, and animal semen would squirt into our pudenda. One of the girls in the other group would suck it out.

"The third instrument was similar to the second one, but instead of the knob, there was a dried animal penis attached to the tube. We would suck it and make the ball rise and when it opened the valve, animal semen would squirt in our mouths. It took a lot of practice to make those instruments work, but we all had to master them before we could be sold."

"Heather, did you come into direct contact with the boys?"

"Oh no, Miss. That was forbidden. We were never near any men or boys during our Academy years or during Pleasure Time. We had to stay pristine in order to bring a high price when we were sold.

"You said that anyone could watch you having sex with the other girls. Were you permitted to watch what men did with women or was your training just academic"
