 This is a side story to the Inkwell series.
Enjoy.

Janet passed excitedly. Crystalia would awaken soon. He was an ancient mythical plant from the higher realm. A place she herself had just learned of. Estephan the new tattoo shop owner down the mall was the guardian of Earth or something like that. He would introduce mortals to mythic beings to join with as companions. Crystalia wanted to be her companion.

He was a large potted plant with exotic blossoms. As a florist, she found him enchanting. It spoke to her and she was enthralled. She talked to plants all the time but this one answered. She could have fainted dead away hearing him speak but Eirene had warned her. Still her heart had skipped a beat.

Now she waited. After the first conversation she was more than willing to be his ward and care taker. She got the basics of the arrangement, she would tend his plant needs and in return he would assist her with her human ones. They were going to have to bond to one another. She was not exactly sure what that would mean but Estephan said if she didn’t feel comfortable it could be undone.

“You are nervous?” Crystalia asked.

“You’re awake. I ... more like excited.” Janet said. “So how do we bond?”

“A little at a time. This would be for the rest of your life so I want you to be sure.” Crystalia warned. “Even if the bond between us were broken, the changes to you would remain. Possibly Estephan with help could undo those but I would rather not think on that. Perhaps you would ask me what things would change.”

“You make it sound so dangerous.” She said.

“It can be. Magic is not an easy thing.” He replied.

“Magic? You mean like spells?” She asked growing more confused.

“No, more like potions, alchemy.” He said. “Tea that makes one fall in love, fruit that aids in conception of children and salves that heal burns quicker without scars. These are just the basics of what is possible. Things like this can be down but none of them happen overnight.”

“You can do that?” She was even more excited. “How do we get started?”

“It would be much easier if I had natural light.” He said.

“I can take you outside.” She said. “If the grow lights aren’t enough.”

“It would put me to sleep again.” He said.

“I’ll put in a skylight. But I can’t do that today.” She said.

“See all things take time. Lesson learned?” He asked.

She looked at the plant but understood what it had done. “I understand.”

“We are going to need pure water from a spring. Are there any close by?”

“I don’t know. I drink bottled water.” She said.

“Bottled? Are the wells of this town not safe?” Crystalia asked.

“Um we don’t have wells in that way anymore. We have a water company. They pump the water out of the ground, treat it with chemicals and pump it to everyone’s home.” She said walking over and turning on a faucet.

“Can I taste it?” He asked.

“Sure,” She said grabbing the watering can. “How much?”

“Just a couple drams.” He replied.

“Dram? How many cups is that?”

“Wait. You don’t measure liquid anymore?” He asked.

“A cup is a measurement. 8 ounces.”

“Then half an ounce.” He said.

“That’s all? Just that tiny little bit?” She asked dropping the watering can.

“If it is as dirty as you say that might even be too much. Chemicals... You don’t drink it.” He said.

“Right. Okay here you go. Where do you want me to pour it?” She asked.

A vines with a bud at its end almost slithered from the underside of his foliage. She watched in awe as the bud opened into a white bloom resembling a lily. It was quite out of place among all of the vibrant hued blossoms that danced on the rest of his branches.

She poured the water into the bloom. Before she even stepped away he hassled.

“Oxygenated muriatic acid.” Crystalia said and the bloom dropped from the vine to the floor.

“What? There is acid in my water?” She said looking at the sink fearfully.

“One of the two poisons in salt. Not healthy for plants or humans. Why would it be put in water that is intended to drink? As a cleanser perhaps?” He mused.

“You mean Chlorine? It’s in here to kill the germs and bacteria. The main reason I don’t drink it. It is a tiny amount most days but that increases during the summer because the water pipes in the ground get warmed up and stuff can grow faster. Well the bad stuff.”

“And these are everywhere?” He asked.

“Everyone needs water.” She said.

“How many people share this water companies wells?” Crystalia asked.

“Thousands? Everybody... I have never thought about it.” Janet said stepping to her cooler and getting a bottle of water. “Tyr this instead. It’s filtered... cleaned.”

The vine wriggled out of his foliage and bloomed a white blossom once more. She poured a small amount into the bloom. It didn’t fall to the floor. It closed around the water and recede into his canopy. The rest of his flowers seems to shimmer. A thin stalk began to grow out of a cluster of these blooms. It started small but grew visibly. A fruit dangled from the tip. It resembled a strawberry thou was lacking in the black seeds on its surface. 

“In a few moments the fruit will be ripe. Once it is catch it and eat it. It will be the first part of our bonding. You will need to share your water with me.” He said.

“My water... you want me to pee on you?” Janet asked.

“I’m a plant not a puppy. Your salts will not hurt me.” He said.

“I just, it seems rude.” Janet said.

“Would it be better to ask for blood?” He asked.

“Blood!” She snapped. “Why you’re not a vampire plant are you?” 

“I give some of myself to you and you give something of yourself to me. In that way we begin the bond. As we grow to understand each other better, we will find other bonding practices. The fruit is ready.”

She reached her hands out and cupped them to catch the fruit. It fell into her hands. Bringing it to her face she smelled it. It had a sweet berry scent like a blackberry. She held soft skin of the fruit to her lips. She took a bite and a flood of juice flowed over her tongue. It was tangy like a strawberry but was tender and succulent like a blueberry.

“This is wonderful. It’s so good.” She said.

“Finish it quickly before it turns.” He said.

She stuffed the rest of the fruit into her mouth and giggled as a trickle of juice rolled from the edge of her lips. It started as a tingle but noticeable. The warm spike of arousal touching her body in growing intensity made her gasp. She felt her labia swell in the confines of her lacey panties as well as the abundance of moisture seeping from her.

“Is that fruit supposed to make me super horny?” She asked.

“It could heighten pleasure, are you distressed? Should I give you something to lessen the effect?”

“I think I can share water with you. But it won’t be pee.” She said as she started pulling her clothes off.

“Are you alright? Your body temperature has gone up 6 degrees. Are you fevered?” He asked in concern. 

“Oh yes. Fever, sweet and in need of release. That fruit has me so horny my cunny is swelled shut. I’m so sensitive one of your flower blossoms touching me would make me cum.” She said.

“Was that a request?” He asked.

“I want to cum. Touch me.” She said stepping close to him so the his leaves touched her legs.

“I will be gentle.” He said. 

A vine snaked out of the leafy canopy about the diameter of a dime with a bulbous head. It open and a sweet fragrance of roses filled the room. As it touched her enflamed lips like a thousand silky tongues she moaned as her nectar flowed into the peddles of the sensual flower. Her legs shook beneath her. The room seemed to spin as she tried to keep balance. 

The bloom seemed to adhere to her sweating cunny. Vibrations started to purr over her aching labia and she gushed in pleasurable release. She started to fall but arms held her. It startled at first.

“I have you. You will not fall.” Crystalia said from behind her.

“How?” She asked breathlessly as a second wave of pleasure rolled thru her.

“Like Ducici, I just need a stronger bond to you to be able to do it.” He said holding her.

“So you can... can..?” She tried to ask but rolled into orgasm before she could finish.

“Enjoy me. There will be plenty of time for answers later.” 

Her body agreed with is words as multiple orgasms crashed over her. A private forever of pleasure there is his arms. He felt strong and warm. Her mind raced over fantasies and dreams giving the bloom over her labia even more to drink down. The tide of pleasure ebbed and she regained herself. The blossom was no longer drinking from her and he was still helping her stand. She felt spent.

“That was amazing. I have never had so many like that, hell I think you gave me as many with your flower as I have had before now.” She said brushing the hair out of her eyes.

“Is it something we could do again?” he asked.

“Oh yeah, we sure can. Just not every day. Did you still want me to pee on you?” She asked.

“You don’t need to. You have shared more than enough of yourself with me.” He said.

“Then let me go before I pee on you.” She said.

“He let her go and she darted for the restroom. The shop was cold causing her nipples to harden painfully after such pleasure. She relieved herself with a sigh. The sounds of people talking drew her attention. She went white with fear. In all of her excitement she had never locked the door of the shop.

She listened at the door. One of the voices was Crystalia’s the other a women. She couldn’t make out what they were saying but a name she recognized, Estephan. She tried to pull the door open and cuss out the women. The door wouldn’t open. She looked and a vine had grown into the doors crack jamming it in place. 

She was about ready to yell but got swiped across her naked ass cheeks by a thin vine. The voices stopped and a minute later the vines receded from the door. She opened the door and Crystalia stood there watching the woman walk down the walkway.

“What was that?” She asked. “You swatted my ass didn’t you?”

“Yes I did. She would have ripped into you to get information on Estephan. She is a little bent about him having her sister.” He said.

“Who? Shesin? Nikita? Which one?” She asked.

He turned and covered her ears. A wave of nausea washed over her and was gone just as quickly. He looked at her then back out the windows. The woman stepped right thru the door of the tattoo parlor. The parking lot lights were on. Her mind twitched.

“How long were we... You know?” She asked.

“A quarter of the day.” He said.

“Wait... 6 hours!!” She exclaimed and went week in the knees.

“You were right. Next time only one bite not the whole berry. It has been a long time.” He said.

“A long time? I haven’t ever had sex that long. I can’t remember the last time I slept that long.”

 “You need your rest. And food. I will guard the shop. I can’t leave anyway.” He said.

“But you said you were like Ducici.”
 “Yes in my ability to project not the distance. She is an Oak tree. I am an Orchid. As a florist you can see the difference right?” He said.

It was a new way of thinking about it but yes she had to admit she could. “What about Estephan’s parlor? Can you guard it?” She asked.

“Yes but she is already gone.” He said.

“Well ... don’t let anything else do anything. I will go get some rest and something to eat.” She said walking towards the door.

“Are you going to dress first?”

She stopped to look at her naked body. She blushed red and walked into the back to get her cloths back on. He followed her with a smile. He was going to enjoy her youth for as long as she would let him. Once she was dressed she looked at him with a weird expression.

“What is it?” he asked.

“Do I kiss you or water you in the pot?” She asked almost laughing.

“Cute, I would be most gratified with a kiss. And the bottle of water would be nice too.”

She giggled and bounced to him kissing his cheek. Opening the bottle she poured it over the top of planet with gentle grace. Not pelting any of his flowers with water. Once the bottle was empty she put it in the recycle bin. She kissed him again before darting out the front door. His understanding of the time was starting to open. She was not concerned with things he would have thought important. 

He walked the shop for the rest of the night. Flowers in the coolers were silent. He felt the few trees in the parking lot. They were saplings with little of use to say. He couldn’t reach any further. He found a few books on floral arrangement. The paper more than willing to give him the knowledge that it held.

He was over whelmed by the mechanization. He lost his hold on his projection and returned to his foliage of his true form. Perhaps a little more caution in the future he thought before returning to sleep.

Janet was bouncing thru the isle of the supermarket. She was hungry, excited and wired. She wasn’t sure if she would get any sleep tonight at all. In the last two days she had some of the most amazing sex ever. First with Estephan then with Crystalia. Her body was so primed for more she could hardly think strait. She didn’t know what she wanted. 

The deli was closed but ready-made items were still available. Sandwiches, salad, even chicken sounded ok but not good enough. She got scent of the seafood and her stomach growled. She headed to the seafood case. A large party tray of sushi caught her eye. She grabbed it up and two small packs of salmon pinwheels. She went to the cashier.

“You throwing a party?” She asked.

“No, just a little hungry.” Janet replied.

“How are you going to eat all of this?” The cashier asked astonished.

“When you get done with six hours of really good sex you need it.” Janet said and swiped her card thru the reader. “I’m hoping the next time I get it like that I have a day or two to plan it out better.”

The cashier looked at her, mouth open speechless.

“See that’s what I thought then the hungries hit me. Good night.” Janet said as she grabbed her bags and darted for the door.

Setting the bags in the passenger seat she started the car. It was then she realized what she had said to the cashier. She giggled and drove home. She thought about Crystalia and his six hour sex berry trance. She could hardly believe it. She wasn’t sore or achy, just giddy. She half wanted to go back to the shop and see how his projection worked, well if that part worked like a mans would anyway.

She shook her head. Everything was still sensual to her touch. Was it going to wear off or was this one of those changes he mentioned. Once she made it into her place the sushi became a target as did the pinwheels. It was good for store bought and filled her finely. She leaned back in the comfy chair and pass out. 

Morning came too quickly. She cuddled around a pillow and the afghan from the back of the chair. She moped to her shower. So as she stepped under the warm jet of water her body lite up. She was aroused by the water flowing over her bare skin. Every body part she washed added more to the sensual enjoyment. Her breasts still had hard nipples. She messaged and pinched but it did nothing to relax them, it only added to the rising need in her cunny.

Her hand finally made its way between her quivering thighs. Her fingers feeling the fullness of her labia made her gasp. She was still puffy, her labia swollen in arousal. She rolled them from side to side with her fingers. She had a sharp short orgasm and the feelings of need subsided a bit. She laid down in the tub letting the shower rain gently on her. She opened her legs and held her labia open to the steamy little droplets. The first one to hit her clit had her arching her back in ecstasy. 

As the pleasure ebbed she noticed the same scent of roses for a moment. She rubbed her clit gently gritting her teeth against the on rush of pleasure. Her fingers were tinted bluish by her own juices. She rubbed herself over the crests of four orgasms. After the last her fingers were wet but not tinted. The need that had gripped her abated and her nipples relaxed. She sighed then gasped as the water started to run cold.

She scrambled from the tub grabbing a towel. She finished her morning routine and even got herself some eggs and toast for breakfast. It wasn’t a normal day to go into the shop but then again what was normal going to be from now on. She wanted to talk to Crystalia and there were maybe a dozen things she could take care of that she would usually put off. If she got them done today, she would have more time in the evenings to just be with him. Maybe she should find a nice lounge for the back room.

She pulled up in front of the shop with a smile. That fell from her face when she saw the two big green freakos walk thru the front wall of the tattoo parlor. She ran inside grabbing the phone. She pulled the card with Estephan number out of the desk. 

“Crystalia!!” She called. 

“Good... Shall I get rid of them?” He asked.

“Can you capture them? I’m calling Estephan now.”
 “Yes but I can’t hold them for long if they fight. Tell him to be quick.” He said and melted into a pile of vines.

“Estephan its Janet. Two big green things just went into your shop...”

An hour or so later she watched Estephan and the others drive off. She looked at Crystalia with a questioning glare.

“The guardian is always going to have issues.” He said.

“Could they get hurt, or you and I?” She asked.

“Killing is not something a being of the higher realm would do any more than a normal person. Just because they have powers don’t mean they would use them to kill.” He said.

“Why did you lock me in the bathroom yesterday?” she asked.

“I didn’t want to share you with that half pissed harpy. And she would have tried sucking your nipples off.” He said. “Are the relaxed this morning? Has the pollen washed off?” 

“Yes... after a serious pussy washing marathon. I had to make myself cum a dozen times to get it all out of my neathers. Is it going to do that all the time?” She asked. “Wait she was a harpy, like for real?”

“No she was a succubus. Just not a well-mannered one like Shesin.” He said. “I will admit Shesin is the most unique succubus I have ever sensed.”

“She’s in love. So is Nikita. I can’t tell if they know it or not. Estephan is kinda ... well... ya know?” She said waving her hands in large gestures around herself. “Loudish, is that even a word?”

He giggled. “His aura is commanding, he will emerge as a titan by this time tomorrow.” 

“Titan? Is he going to get huge and muscularly?” She asked.

“Not likely. He is a passionate and wise individual. I think his powers would be those you wouldn’t see by looking at him. Don’t let stories cloud the truth. If you want to know I will tell you.” He said.

“So why couldn’t you project earlier?” She asked.

“I was. Into Estephan’s parlor to capture the trolls. I can’t be everywhere at one time. I can still talk from my true form, which is something Ducici can’t do. Everything has a tradeoff. She can go further away but she can’t see or hear anything from her tree unless she is in it.”

“So will you claim the plaza as your domain?” She asked.

“Estephan told me to wait. I understand why and can see his worries. I will wait because he asked me to. It will give as time to get better bonded with each other. Claiming a domain could affect us both if we aren’t well bonded and could possibly break it.” He said.

“I don’t like the sound of that.” She said.

“I haven’t been in the mortal realm for more than a millennium. I will take it slow and do it little by little so that our bond is strong and safe for us both. Yesterday proved I have to be more delicate and subtle with you than those of ages past.” He said.

“Why is that?” She asked.

“I would guess it is the evolution of human body chemistry. You all have adapted to illnesses and foods that were never thought of back then. Like Chocolate. It has love chemicals in it. If someone ages ago were to eat a chocolate candy ... they might have fallen in love with the first person they saw. Today everyone eats it as a delight or desert.” He said.
