 Chapter 4

 The room spun. Became silent. His body quaked in random spurts now, all aftershocks from the orgasm. He shakily pulled himself up from his knees--head down, eyes closed, hair falling around his face like curtains. He struggled, doing his best to balance the weight between his new hanging breasts, thick ass, and wide hips. Finally he found a precarious footing. He pulled himself to the mirror. He was stunned. Drunk. Aglow. He looked. In the dimness a form stood--she was a head shorter than the man that had been in the mirror minutes ago. He saw her curves, rolling in every direction. She was beautiful. He could make out the form of his nipples sitting thick and proud on her perky breasts. 

 "How?" He grabbed a breast. "Why?"

 His new pussy glistened in the dim light, framed beneath the generous round flesh of his ass. There was a wetness between his legs. A fullness. He tensed the muscles within. His swollen lips pushed apart with a gurgle and his cum dribbled out of him, falling unceremoniously to the floor in a splat. His thin, sculpted eyebrows arched in a wince of pleasure. He tensed the muscles again. This time more. It poured hot from his aroused folds. He kept pushing, shapely legs straddling a growing puddle--the last of his sperm. Expelled. Millions remained within. Swimming. Searching. Finally he felt empty. Then he immediately regretted it. It felt good to be full. Or did it? Dropping a hand to his smooth mound, he pressed two fingers inside of him. He shook, still sensitive after orgasm. He pulled them out. Full. Empty. Each felt good in its own way--that is, as long as his pussy could expect both.

 He fingered himself again. "Oh god." Eyes and mouth opened wide. "What have I done?" That voice. High. Girly. The fingers within explored the walls of his pussy, pressing what he realized was his G spot. Another pained look of longing crossed his face. "Oh fuck." He pulled his fingers out and his wet pussy lips closed behind them.

 "How could this happen?" the woman in the mirror whispered.

 The necklace! Kneeling to the floor, his hand searched until his long nails clicked on metal. There it was. "This must be some kind of Chinese magic trick?"

 He looked down over his round tits and felt helpless and small--for good reason, the Chinese shop owner would now be a full two inches taller than him. He wanted revenge. He stomped a dainty foot down and his plump ass bounced in agreement. He had to go back and confront the store owner.

 Back to square one. No one would be getting any tonight.

 Buzz. A glow of light from the table. He reached for the phone. It was like watching a movie. A woman's hand. Feminine. Smooth skin. Thin wrist and thinner fingers. Long sexy nails. All features were delicate. Reaching. The woman's hand clutched the phone and turned it so he could read the hurried text.

come home somethg vry wrong

 The typing icon appeared. She was typing. A buzz.

help

 Sam was in trouble! 

 Nick scrambled for his clothes, nearly tearing the pocket off his jeans to find his keys before rushing out of the room naked, phone and necklace in hand. A pile of men's clothes remained behind in the nursing room. He bounded down the hall through the occasional triangle of emergency light dotting the corporate hallways of his office towards the main lobby. His new boobs bounced in every direction, pulling at his back and nearly slapping him in the chin, but his thighs were strong. 

 A series of security cameras coldly documented the escape, recording every bouncing curve of his body into ones and zeros. (In a week it would be watched over and over again on slow motion by the security guard in his office. In two weeks it would be posted on the internet.) The marble tiles of the lobby proved a momentary oasis for Nick's dainty new feet between the itchy conformity of industrial-strength carpet and the hard black asphalt of the parking lot. He pressed the unlock button on his keys and swung the door of his SUV open, leaping to the driver's seat.

 His panic was interrupted. There was a problem. He sat perplexed for a moment. There was a problem. The steering wheel was higher, and--Nick looked down--his little legs couldn't reach the gas. 

 "DAMN CHINESE GIFTSHOPS! UGHHHH!" He sent a flurry of tiny fists into the steering wheel like a collegiate girl having a tantrum in her daddy's truck. 

 He wrapped the necklace around the rear view mirror, pushed the keys in the ignition, and turned the truck on in a roar before adjusting the seat to his new proportions. He switched the seat button upwards several times, each slight adjustment causing him to bounce on the pillow of his new booty, then forward until the soft pads of his feet reached the pedals. He looked in the rearview mirror. Two sultry eyes with long lashes gazed back. There was no time. He reached for his seat belt by habit and pulled it in front of him.

 A new problem. His tits. They were big and in the way. He pouted. This wasn't comfortable. He threw the belt back in a huff, brushed his long hair from his eyes, checked the mirrors, and slammed the car into drive. A dainty foot jammed the accelerator and the SUV jumped the curb, tearing through a flowerbed and directly onto the main road.

The tiny naked woman navigated the boat of an SUV through the dark streets of town. He was lucking out, the lights were green and not many people were on the road. 

 Just kidding. 

 The light ahead turned yellow then red. "Damn it all!" Dainty foot jammed break. He came to a stop and drummed his little hands on the steering wheel. "Cmon cmon cmon." 

 A truck pulled up next to him. He sunk down, trying to hide his new body.

 "Well, hey there, sexy!" came a muffled redneck voice. Nick sunk lower, rolling his eyes.

 "You want some of THIS tonight, baby." Nick peered over. The redneck was grabbing at his crotch. His friend, the driver, was laughing at the shenanigans.

 "Pigs." the girl whispered. She looked back to the light in anger and finally decided this was no place for a lady. "Fuck this!" A dainty foot jammed accelerator and Nick was off through the red light. The engine vibrated the whole car, through the leather seat, into his ass. He bit his lip and smiled. There was something nice about driving as a woman.

 In a few miles he swung the steering wheel hard to the left, steering the SUV into his neighborhood, bouncing hard over the speed bumps, and straight into his driveway. He grabbed the necklace and bounded to the front door and unlocked it. He was so worried about his wife, he had momentarily forgotten the state of his body.

 A wet patch remained on the leather seat of the SUV.



Chapter 5

 The house was dark. He stepped in slowly to the entry way. "Samantha? Are you here?" His feminine voice and diminutive presence in the entryway pulled him back to reality. He shook it off, he had to help her. 

 "Sam? It's Nick." He heard movement in the living room beyond the threshold. 

 "Nick?"

 The voice was deep. He froze. Fear.

 "Nick. Something's wrong." A hulking shadow stepped into the doorway and took a step towards him.

 Nick took a step back. The necklace. "S-Samantha?"

 "My body. My voice. It's so weird." The man scratched his head. "I was on the couch. Then this..."

 "Me too." Nick stepped back and reached for the foyer light, flipping the switch. He squinted, his eyes adjusting to the light.

 In front of him stood a man. He was tall, naked--except for the remnants of wife's blouse, which hung from his broad shoulders, torn into pieces. He had chiseled flesh and thick arms. His hair was sandy blonde, the same shade as Sam's and the same length. It was the only attribute remaining of his wife, except for her piercing blue eyes, bright as ever. He recognized her within the huge frame. Her little breasts had disappeared, tightened into firm pectorals. Nick's gaze dropped lower, past her belly button. He shouldn't have been surprised. But there it was--and it was huge--and it wasn't even hard. He blushed and looked back to the man's face. Nick could see she was handsome. Nick's stomach filled with butterflies--he reasoned because he was naked and a girl and embarrassed of what he had done. 

 Samantha squinted at the curvy woman in front of him. "Nick? You're a...? How?" The man eyed Nick's body curiously. Nick was now hotter than Sam ever had been. His boobs were round, full, perky. She felt jealous.

 "The necklace." It seeks balance.

 Nick had fucked up. Big time.

 "Necklace?" Samantha looked puzzled. "What necklace?" Samantha was distracted. Her gaze poured over Nick's body, confused, trying to understand while beginning to appreciate the hot woman in front of her.

 Nick shuffled on his feet. Samantha was obviously in shock. 

 "It's hard to explain. I went to a Chinese shop to do something about our--"

 "Nick." Samantha gaze fell to his chest. "You have...breasts."

 Nick blushed and looked down to his large boobs. "I know. That's what I'm trying to say. I went to the shop and--"

 "They're big." There was something disconcerting about her gaze. "And perky."

 He looked down at the two globes of flesh on his chest poking from his chest. He felt exposed. He cupped them in his hands to hide them from Samantha's gaze.

 "They're perfect."

 Nick's blush deepened.

 "Look at your body..." Sam beamed. "Just look at it."

 Nick felt loose in the knees. He relaxed into a demure stance. Samantha's distraction overpowered her odd lack of concern. He remembered the changes in the dim light of the corporate bathroom mirror. He had seen his eyes in the rear view mirror of the SUV, his long lashes and arched eyebrows, the redneck grabbing his crotch--Nick was indeed pretty. His nipples grew harder. They poked into his palms. It was an odd feeling. A good feeling. He pressed the pads of his palms into them. They were sensitive.

 Then he saw it. Across the foyer. A lurch below Samantha's belly. Her new penis. 'Oh my god.' It was growing. 'Oh my god. Oh no.' His long eyelashes flicked wide. He wanted to run away. He looked to the side, then back to Sam's eyes, but her gaze refused to meet his eyes. It was still pouring over him brazenly. He looked back to...to..."It." It was filling quickly. His gaze was immediately locked in a stare, following its steady ascent. 'Oh my god. Oh no.' It was already so big, how much bigger could it get? He had big tits, yes--but his wife had a huge cock, bigger than his had ever been. Nick felt intimidated. Then scared. He crossed a leg over the other, squeezing his thighs hard together. He realized too late this was his way of instinctively trying to protect his new pussy. He giggled nervously, stuttered, rattled off words, anything to break the tension of seeing his wife's new dick rising to attention before him.

 "I-I know! That's why I have to go back to the shop. I think the necklace the man gave me did this to us. I need his help to change us back. I'm sure the shop owner can help us. If we can change sex we can sure change back..."

 Samantha stood silent. Serious. She looked at Nick's thighs and then traced his tight stomach up to the cleavage he was creating as he handled his breasts. Her penis continued to bounce upwards and upwards, each pulse filling it more and more with blood. Finally it could receive no more. It stood. Fully engorged. Samantha could feel it, pulsing. She loved it. Before, her entire body would have primed with anticipation, now all of her sexual energy was concentrated in this strong tower looming large between her legs--and on Nick's body. 

 Her ovaries had taken the reverse journey of Nick's testicles--overseeing the closing of her pussy on their way to their new home in the new bulging sac dangling between her legs. Her balls were hot, residual heat from a maddening production of sperm. Virility. A pleasurable pain filled them as they became overfilled.

 She had changed on the couch, bursting from her clothes, watching horrified as her dick sprung from the ashes of her pussy, rising in the flickering glow of television light, inch by inch, until it stood long and hard as a rock. She grabbed it, feeling it's heat radiating as it grew out of her broadening hand. She began to pump it without thought. The length, the head, all of it was so sensitive. Her remaining vaginal juices dripped from the tip. She jacked it harder until her balls dropped into place. New passages had opened. Then it came. She came. Like a cannon. It rocketed from her new dick onto the flat-screen across the living room. Her deep voice bellowed in pleasure. The pristine fluid streamed down the television, illuminated brightly by glowing pixels. It was the last of her eggs. 

 She kept working her penis tightly, unknowingly helping it expel her prior fertility, ribbon after ribbon until it was gone. She let go of her cock and looked down past her bulging muscles at the rod of flesh between her legs. The orgasm was otherworldly. When she stood to her feet afterwards, cock still erect, swinging back and forth, she felt an odd feeling. A feeling of power. Like she had pulled a sword from the stone. She felt a jolt in her ball sac. Her converted ovaries filled with semen.

 And now here she stood in the entryway of the house, her new penis aching with possibility. Nick's nervous, girly chatter dissolved to silence. He could not break his gaze from her throbbing cock. Thick veins weaved around it like vines around the trunk of a tree. The butterflies within him intensified. He felt a strange tingle in his own dick. No--Clit. Samantha's cock pumped with her heartbeat. Nick mindlessly joined the rhythm, pumping the muscles in his pussy.

 Samantha looked Nick in the eye. It was a steeling gaze, face serious. "Turn around."

 "W-what?"

 Her gaze. Blue. Intimidating. Deep down he wanted to please his wife, even more than before now that he was hyper-aware of her new size and strength. She stood a head higher than Nick. Nick looked straight ahead at her muscular chest, feeling his own petite form. So tiny, curvy and vulnerable.

 "Turn around. Now."

 He gulped. He turned around slowly. Samantha's eyes widened when the curve of Nick's big tits appeared in profile. They grew even wider at the emerging eclipse of Nick's round ass. It was plump. Tight. Sam wanted to grip it hard. To bite it.

 "Your ass is...big for such a tiny woman." Samantha's mouth watered.

 Nick's lush bottom lip pouted. "What?" He looked over his shoulder at his sizable butt. "Is it bad? Do I look fat?"

 "No." Sam licked her lips.

 Samantha's wrapped her large right hand around her cock. She gave it two lazy strokes. Nick's pussy tensed. 'Oh god. Oh no.'

 "Yes...well..." He giggled, nervous. "That's why I need to get to the shop." He reached for his keys.

 Sam scowled. "You've done enough tonight."

 Nick dropped his hand, ashamed. She had a point. He turned around and Sam's gaze immediately fell back to his tits. Sam released her dick and stepped forward and Nick fell back. His ass pushed tight against the cold wood of the front door. Samantha's new body only required two long strides before it was towering over him. Her chest filled his entire gaze like a giant wall in front of him. She was standing so close her massive cock brushed his belly. He looked down at it. It was a good three inches longer than his dick had ever been and much thicker. His usual view on the world had shifted 180 degrees. Before, he wielded the cock. Now the dick was pointing at him like a loaded gun.

 Samantha reached her other giant mitt towards Nick's right breast. Nick tried to pulled his arms over him. "Now, wait a second!"

 Sam scowled. "Nick. Seriously? I'm your wife. Let me touch them."

 He dropped his arms nervously. Samantha took the breast in her hand. Her new grip was wide--still his breasts overflowed it. She smiled and gave the tit a squeeze before letting it drop in a thump. She tweaked his nipple with her thick fingers, sending a shock through Nick's body.

 "SAM!" Nick tried to regain his breath.

 Why did that feel so good? Why did he want her to do it again? He grew nervous. He pressed his thick thighs harder together to find his pussy was leaking between them.

 "Nick." Sam's face grew serious. She looked him straight in the eye, dropping her weight to her left foot. Her dick stabbed into his little tummy.

 "Yes?"

 "Take your tight little body to the kitchen and pour me a glass of wine."

 Nick did not have to be asked twice. He had to get out of there. Quickly. He scampered for the kitchen, body abuzz. Samantha turned, ogling his retreat.

 Nick shakily found a wine bottle and the corkscrew. It took more effort to get the bottle open. What was left of his muscles had reduced to smooth, skinny arms. He opened the cabinet to retrieve a wine glass. They were on the top shelf. He could barely reach them now. He found the footstool Samantha had always employed for the task, stepped onto it, then to his tiptoes. It was still a stretch. He reached a feminine hand for a glass, nails clinked its edges. Pushing it slightly off balance, it fell into his tiny grip. He fell to his heels and put it on the counter before tiptoeing for another. He definitely needed a drink. Nick closed the cabinet then hopped off the footstool, landing on his feet. His boobs bounced, pulling on his back. Oof! I'm gonna need a bra. He rolled his eyes. I did not just think that.

 Samantha stood in the kitchen doorway quietly, watching the struggle and the pleasurable jiggles it was creating in her husband's new body and the outline of his wet pussy in the shadow of his tight ass. With a glass in each hand, Nick turned around.

 "Oh fuck!" he shrieked, almost spilling the wine. He hadn't heard Sam come in. "How long have you been standing there?"

Samantha laughed. The bass hit Nick right in the chest. The pulse, the vibration. He wanted Samantha to laugh again. She went back to staring at his breasts. They took on a heightened feeling in front of him. He could feel their weight, their curved shape, his sensitive nipples poking from them. His right nipple was filled with knowing--it wanted Samantha to tweak it again. His left nipple felt neglected--it filled with need. Sam liked what she saw. Nick could tell. It was overwhelming. Flattering. As bad as this situation was, it was nice to feel so attractive, so wet between his legs. He felt the emptiness returning. His lips swelling. His body crying out for...something. Without thinking, he bent at his waist, pushing his ass out to grind his new pussy against the cabinet. Samantha was so big. So handsome. And that look on her face...What was Sam thinking?

 He looked in her eyes. Within their familiarity was a fire--one he was afraid could consume him completely. What would that feel like? To be consumed?

 Sam's hand fell back to her throbbing dick. She grasped it tightly and gave it another lazy jerk. A bead of cum formed at it's tip. Nick could relate--the cabinet was wet behind him. His mouth opening slightly in awe and appreciation. He suddenly felt proud of his wife, a strange feeling, as if his wife's huge cock said something good about him. 

 Sam stepped over, dick still in hand, so that she towered over Nick again. It felt less uncomfortable this time. Sam brought her other hand up and brushed it lightly through Nick's long blond hair. Nick looked into her eyes. She kept playing with his hair. He liked having long hair that could be played with. Sam smiled. "Everything will be okay. I will take care of everything." Relief burst into Nick's heart. "Now give me my wine."

 She took the glass and a sip, still holding her dick firm. "Mmm." A deep acknowledgement of its deliciousness thundered in the kitchen. Nick took a sip, too, enjoying the pleasurable sensation of the wine pouring over his tiny tongue. "Wines are best when they are paired with something." Sam said without breaking her gaze. Nick swallowed. "Have another sip."
