 Lucy woke very suddenly. Squinting, she rubbed her eyes, groggy, sore, as if she'd been sleeping for far too long.

And then she felt the sudden need to vomit. 

Fuck. She wasn't on solid ground. Or, it seemed, Earth. 

The fucking asteroid drifting by the bubble like window was kind of fucking hard to miss.

And she was naked.

In space. 

She bolted out of the bed she found herself, feeling dizzy and utterly dwarfed by the size of the cosmos before her. Twinkling lights in an endless void in a way you didn't even see in photographs. The already small room... Well, it was more like a closet... felt like it was shrinking, and she stumbled and fell back onto the bed.

Clenching her eyes shut, she fought the vertigo that overwhelmed her. But she couldn't un-see the stars just on the other side of the glass, and they seemed to swirl around in her eyelids.

It was several long minutes, or perhaps an hour, before she opened her eyes and stared at the sight before her. 

They were passing a huge planet. It wasn't earth. It looked more like those cutouts on elementary school walls of Jupiter, but it was swirling grey and black like liquid mercury instead of red like clay and fire.

Three moons were suspended around it. That she could see.

This was not even her own solar system and Lucy was terrified. 

Suddenly, a voice boomed, seemingly out of the walls. It seemed mechanical, but masculine. The English was a bit too crisp and perfect.

"Good Morning! Welcome to Vessel 94, flying live merchandise across the universe! Please be patient, XielZEbub will be in shortly for your bi-cycle routine."

The voice faded away and Lucy found herself hyperventilating. Live merchandise? This was beginning to sound like some intergalactic slave trade sort of shit! Lucy groaned.

Looking around, she saw no door, only walls that looked like sanded steel. 

She tried to remember where she had been before she ended up here but... Came up blank. She blinked. She had no memories. 

Wait, that wasn't true. She had memories, but none of herself. She remembered Matt and Lexus talking to one another, and she knew they had been her friends. But she couldn't remember a single thing they'd ever said to her. She couldn't recall their eyes glance in he direction or their touch.

She could remember school... A.school named Dillard with a teacher named Miss Macy from back in the 10th grade. But it was as if watching a movie of a classroom. Nobody talks to the viewer. She saw someone in her minds eye who had been a childhood friend, Omari Ka, but didn't have a memory of her friend looking at her. Just her back. As if she'd only watched.

She was removed from her own memories. From her own relationships. 

The feeling made her knees weak. What had the ability to change her memories this way?

She laid back down on the bed, big enough for one. The surface seemed to be some sort of rubber. There was no sheet or blanket. She simply laid down and closed her eyes, trying to regain unconsciousness. 

Anything was better than this. 

She tried for about 15 minutes before she felt a tingle up her bare back. Looking over her shoulder at the blank spans of wall just past her feet, she panicked. Just beyond the foot of the bed, where a door might be, the wall began to bubble. 

Lucy shrieked and fell off the bed, scrambling away from the mass that seemed to be appearing on this side of it. The wall hadn't opened, and the wall didn't move. It just looked like this mass was sliding through it, like the way soap suds might squeeze through a sponge, but there were no visible pores.

It was huge, pink, transparent, and seemed to be covered in slime. Or... was slime itself?

Lucy felt her stomach bubble and clamped her hand over her mouth. Just the way it moved made her want to be sick. 

The voice came out of the walls. "Welcome, XielZEbub." It said. So, this... Thing was... Seal... Shay... bubble? Bub?

Lucy looked it all over. The mysterious voice seemed to refer to it as living and sentient. But she couldn't see an eye or mouth anywhere. 

What did it say XielZEbub was going to do?

"Our female guest is prepared for it's morning routine."

The fuck she was!

"I'm not.." She coughed, clearing her throat. "I'm not prepared for anything!" she squealed, her throat raspy and dry. "Y-you stay away." 

She looked up at the ceiling, the same grey sanded steel looking material, and looked around for a camera or speaker. They could see her somehow. "H-hey! Person! Y-you let me out of here! Take me home! Beam me back down! Whatever, just..."

Unsurprisingly, she didn't get an answer. 

The blob of writhing goo slid across the floor towards her, spreading out to the sides to prevent her from running into another corner and giving it the run-around. She took a deep breath; this is how she fucking died. This was it.

The mass was warm when it began to envelop her foot. She tried to jerk it back, but it held her firmly in place. For such a soft, gooey looking creature, it felt solid, like a hand had grabbed her. Slowly, it enveloped her legs, creeping up between her thighs and into the nooks and cranny of her vagina, and up her body. Lucy began to hyperventilate as it crept up to her neck, and covered her face and hair. 

It was then that she felt a buzzing. Against her clit! At first, she thought it was the goo. Why the hell would it be buzzing her privates? But as it continued, as she felt the tingle rise up her pelvis from the forced stimulation, and realized it was deeper than that. Literally. she felt as if the buzzing was coming from underneath her skin, practically behind her clit. 

She had no idea what was happening, why she was being violated, or whether it was the goo but... it felt so fucking good. She moaned, and realized that it had distracted her from one important fact; she could still breath. XielZEbub continued to mold around her, filling her mouth and nose, but she could still somehow take a deep breath. 

She was quickly distracted by the buzzing in her clit, however, and if she had still been standing, her knees may have gone out from under her. She took note that considering she hadn't been aroused in the slightest a few moments ago, she felt as if her body was enjoying the buzz far too much.

And she was quickly approaching orgasm.

She squirmed, and tried to close her legs, but the blob around her held firm. She felt herself suspended in midair, like a character in a movie, had time just suddenly come to a halt, her eyes still able to shift and take in her surroundings. Otherwise she was entirely trapped in place.

The buzzing continued, and she moaned against the goo in her mouth. She was coming! She curled her toes, that it let her do. Her hips gyrated slowly, grinding in suspension...

And it stopped. She groaned, her clit throbbing, swollen. She could feel the burning as she was denied. 

Then it started again. Too eager for pleasure this time, her circumstances forgotten for a moment, she fell into the pleasure that was provided to her.

And again, it stopped, just as she was there, at the cusp. She whined, thrashing in the hold of XielZEbub. 

And again it started. It didn't take as long this time for her to start reaching that crescendo. 

And again, it stopped. 

She screamed against the organic form in her body. What the fuck kind of torture was this? What did they want from her?

She began to cry as the buzzing began again, but this time it was different. The goo began to move. And she couldn't particularly care this time. As long as it didn't stop! The creature moved against her vagina, into her anus, and into her... urethra? 

Her body cramped as she felt a sliver of goo press towards her bladder and fill her anus. She thought it would hurt more than it did, but instead, it just seemed like a small intrusion, no wider than a finger.

It snaked up through her bowels, and she felt it filling her belly. She felt as if she was going to mess herself, but that didn't stop her clit from pulsing. Then all of a sudden she felt her bladder emptying as the invasion pulled slowly from her urethra and arse. And just as she was ready to come, the buzzing stopped again! 

She whimpered, and clenched her teeth as XielZEbub retreated from her mouth, pulled away from her body, and set her down on her feet. She collapsed to her knees, covering her breasts with her arms as she creature moved away from her. Back at the wall, it disappeared into it, or beyond it. 

Looking down, she expected to see a puddle of urine but she didn't. Did that creature seriously just... consume her piss? And her other waste? 

Standing slowly she touched her skin. The creature had left no residue, not even on the floor. She actually felt her skin was softer than it had been. Looking around, and scouring the ceiling again, she felt watched. 

And she was also seriously fucking horny.

She had no idea how it had made her needs climb so fast. Thinking back, she struggled against her memory, which still held gaping holes. Was she into this weirdness before? She knew of kinks, of weird fetishes, of fantasies, but she couldn't place if any were hers. 

"GAH! This is so frustrating!" She sat on the edge of the bed, and reached between her thighs, stroking her pussy lips and biting her lip. She had no idea what the point of teasing her that way was. But she was still curious... what even made the vibrations?

She slid her fingers between her labia, feeling how moist the teasing had made her. She felt along the crease, sliding her finger up along the hood of her clit. She trembled slightly, feeling the pleasure come from it. But still, she was on a mission. 

Then she felt it. There was a hard object embedded under her skin, behind her swollen clit. 

Why would they put something like this under her skin?

But then she lost herself in the sensation again. Her finger against her clit had her writhing in pleasure. She laid back on the bed and pulled the hood back, stroking the swollen bundle of nerves. This time... this time she would have it!

She clenched her teeth, her knees spread out to the side, exposed to the universe beyond the window. Then, quite suddenly, just as she began to reach that cliff, ready to tip over... she felt an electric shock shoot through her clit, in the same spot the pleasurable vibrations had come from. 

Lucy yelped, jerking her hand away from her cunt, her hips jerking into the air. Her orgasm was ruined yet again! 

"Why are you doing this to me?!" she cried towards the ceiling. Though she had to admit, it was a very effective tool of control.

Pressure was built up in her pelvis, and she felt her pussy clenching on nothing. 

Standing up, she began to pace, her bare feet slapping on the floor. Her thighs sliding together, moist, made her groan. Eventually, she just laid back down.

Lucy drifted off to sleep. When she woke, she looked out of the window and saw a pair of blue stars in the distance. She shifted on her feet, rubbing her thighs together as she contemplated her new life. 

Not that she could remember her old life as a whole. The people were nothing but vivid characters in a movie. And they never did break the 4th wall in her memories.

Lucy's stomach rumbled and she sighed. "I'm hungry!" she yelled. 

Surprisingly, the voice responded. "Vessel 94 is luxury class, flying living cargo across the universe! Your sustenance is prepared."

She jumped as the wall morphed just over the head of her bed. From it, a metal nozzle, not unlike a rodent water bottle. Lucy raised her brow, staring at it incredulously. 

"I'm not drinking like a fucking rat, no way!" she shouted, looking around. "How about a burger? Burgers are great!"

There was no response. Instead, behind her clit, the buzzing started again. 

Lucy groaned, aching. She sunk to the floor on her knees, back to space, her face against the soft bed top. "Stop, please!" she cried. It continued until she felt herself on the edge yet again, and she groaned as it stopped. She reached between her thighs, desperate, but received another shock that radiated through her cunt.

The buzzing started again. It dawned on her that it might continue like this, tormenting her, until she finished her meal. She scrambled up onto the bed and peered nervously at the nozzle. Her hips rolled with her eyes slightly as it brought her closer to the brink again. 

"Fuck fuck fuck!" Her body shook, but it ended before the orgasm, sending her into a fit of unsatisfied frustration. Lifting herself up again, she closed her mouth around the metal tube and sucked. 

A thick slurry poured into her mouth as if she were drinking through a straw. And it tasted like strawberry! Sort of. She tried to recall what she used to like, but couldn't remember having an opinion. There was a side taste of something bitter, like medicine, but she couldn't really complain. 

The buzzing began again and she kept sucking, her tongue working around the metal nozzle. Suckling this nozzle while her clit was buzzing was quite erotic for her. Lucy moved her mouth up and down on it, washing it with her tongue after each suck. 

She was denied three more times. Midway through the last denial is when the feeder ran out and retreated back into the wall. She bit her lip and collapsed down on the bed, rolling on her back, shaking with frustration. 

Lucy watched the stars, sitting against the glass as the hours ticked by. Then the voice announced the arrival of XielZEbub again.

Once again it melded through the wall and meandered towards her. And for the third time today, a tease and denial session began. But this time, it was painful, and each segment lasted less than a minute. Again, she was enveloped by the gooey blob. It seemed to clean her inside and out.

It set her back down and she rolled her head back, whimpering loudly. "Please let me cum! I'll do anything!" she cried. "What do you want?" There was no response.

Three days, assuming that XielZEbub creature came twice a day, passed like this. When she ate, once a day, and when she was cleaned, and when she was... well, emptied of bodily waste, she endured torturous tease and denial sessions.

No matter the time of day or night, she was never allowed to touch herself.

It was fucking hell. 

On the fourth day, something changed. 

A hole opened in the wall, and she could see a brightly lit steel colored hallway beyond. She bolted to her feet, but backed up quickly as a strange creature passed through the wall. 

It was humanoid, wide and muscular, six foot tall, a bright mane of jet black hair arching over his head and down his back, A long, fleshy tail swayed like a feline behind him, a line of hair following it until it reached the tip with a tuft of that same black hair. It had large green eyes, but besides their size, his face looked otherwise human. His legs however, had a second joint below what she could consider the knee, jutting backwards. His feet were clawed.

"Welcome female. I trust your day has been comfortable."

Lucy didn't respond. She was star struck, which was saying something. With her memories the way that they were, this was effectively her first of anyone speaking to her, ever. She sunk slowly to the floor, her mouth gaping as she stared at him. 

Lucy wasn't sure whether to be elated at company or terrified. But she did know that everything about his stature, form and demeanor had her cunt drooling. 

He was a proper male, and she could see the bulge of his crotch under the pants he wore. And with three days of constant sexual torment, she couldn't help but think, despite him being alien and strange, that he could push her over the edge if he fucked her.

Was that their intention? Make her desperate to give them anything they desired?

"Female. I have spoken to you. Manners."

Lucy swallowed, her saliva thick in her throat, making it hard to breath. "M-my name is Lucy."

"Female." he said again, sounding quite exasperated. "I trust your day has been comfortable."

Lucy looked him up and down again, and dropped her gaze, nodding meekly. "Yes."

"Yes sir." he sighed.

"Yes Sir."

"Good female. A reward." He gazed at her, and for a moment, nothing happened.

The vibrations began again, and she clenched her knees together, tipping her head back against the wall. This was a reward! Another denial? But it stopped quite short of that. Still... She was dripping. 

"Come, female." the man said, his voice gravelly and deep. She wondered how it was he spoke perfect English, though he sounded more like he was from England than America. She hesitantly began to stand, and a sharp shock made her drop again. 

"Ow!" she reached between her legs to sooth the pain, and received a second shock. 

"On your knees, female. Merchandise does not walk." he looked down at her, his eyes wide, looking irritable. 

Lucy took a deep breath and slowly began to crawl towards him, stopping short of his clawed feet.

"Good female. Reward...." he paused, and she moaned as the vibrations began. They seemed to last longer than before, but there was no stark denial, for which she was grateful. "And back."

She took a deep breath and turned on her knees, and crawled back to where she came from. She stopped at the wall, and turned back towards him.

This was humiliating. But still... if she could please him, maybe he would let her orgasm. Oh god, she would do anything for him. 

"Good female. Reward..." it buzzed again, and she counted this time. It seemed to be twice as long. If her time kept doubling with each followed order, she might just be able to!

"Come, female." he said. She responded eagerly this time. As she approached, he backed away from her, bringing her further on her hands and knees until he reached the opposite wall. "Good female. Reward."

Lucy moaned out loud this time as she counted, arching her back. The time had doubled again! She felt her clit pulsing when it stopped. she had been so close that time! But for the first time since the first day, she felt hopeful. She looked up at him, a whine in her throat, waiting. Just one more command!

"Turn around, female. Chest on the floor, rear in the air, legs spread." She wondered why he called her female as she turned around and laid her cheek on the floor, arching her back until her breasts were in full contact with the cold floor. the position thrust her pussy out in full view, and she spread her knees a bit. 

Perhaps it made her less as a person and more like the merchandise he claimed her to be. Took away her individuality to refer to her as a member of her species. That was, after all, her asset wasn't it? Why they were using sexual stimulation to manipulate her feelings and priorities?

"Good female. Reward." 

The vibrations started again, and she didn't bother counting. She had to make it this time! She had to! Her hips danced in front of this alien stranger, wantonly. But she didn't care. Nothing was touching her and yet this buzz had her on the edge. Her nails scraped the floor, but there was nothing to grab. 

She felt herself falling over the edge, and the vibrations stopped a second after she tipped over it. The sudden loss of that stimulation was frustrating, but it didn't stop the shock waves that had her body contracting with sublime orgasm. As she did, she felt wetness squirt from her cunt. It dripped from her pussy. 

Three days of straight teasing, and she'd earned her pleasure. 

"Did the female climax?" It was less a question of curiosity and more a request that she state it out loud.

Lucy moaned in response. "Yes Sir."

"Try that again. 'This female has climaxed, Sir.'"

She was in a daze. And nothing about her wanted to fight him. If anything, she was ready for that meaty cock she knew he had hidden in his pants to rip open her cunt. She didn't even know if she was a virgin, but she didn't give a fuck tonight. 
