 They lunged for each other, kissing passionately - newlyweds and strangers - finally in perfect union, desperate to fuck each other. 

Samantha groped Nicole's breasts while Nicole positioned Sam's cock beneath her like a pro. If Nicole measured the inches of cock her new pussy had traversed up to this point it wouldn't even amount to a yard stick. She was desperate to fix this wrong. She didn't want inches. Her pussy wanted mileage - mileage it could only accrue by traversing every inch of Sam's thick cock over and over again. 

She surrendered to the new goal, knowing it would take night after night of fucking to reach it. She would not be deterred. She wanted her pussy to be stretched and punished; it deserved it for arriving between her thighs so late.

Nicole guided the cock inside, pushing down hard to take it's entire length, begging it to stretch her wide. She lifted and plunged again, working into a slow rhythm, until she was finally fucking the huge shaft. 'Yes.' She had done it. She continued to rock up and down and up and down, as her breasts bounced in Sam's giant grip. She felt the cock plunging in and out of her, and watched Sam as he leaned forward to suck her nipples as he sent a giant hand around her to grab her ass. 

This was her view on the world now.

Nicole felt her cheek hard in Sam's grip. Sam smacked her ass and she fucked harder. "I love your ass." Sam said, biting her nipple then tonguing it in quick strokes.

Nicole giggled and bit her big bottom lip. "Then how about a better view?" 

She lifted herself off the cock and spun around. Samantha's eyes went wide as Nick grabbed the cock and lowered her hourglass to meet it. Entrance found, she plunged down, and satisfied the dick was completely inside of her, began fucking. Sam moaned, starting at Nicole's womanly ass flesh bouncing as it worked her cock, polishing her thick dick with her vagina, coating it over and over again with her juices. She smacked a cheek, leaving a giant red hand imprint in the flesh. 

"This is MY ass." 

Nicole beamed with pride. So Sam was an ass man...she would have to remember this when she went shopping, but in the mean time - she intensified her rhythm.

Every position felt different. She resolved to try them all. Every angle and rhythm. She would lead Sam to the edge before falling to the floor as Sam towered over her, his dick pumping a flood of cum down her face and chest, anointing her as woman. 'His' woman. That is all she wanted to be. Was this too much to admit? Nicole moaned frantically, and decided it wasn't. 

"I want your cum running down my face, over my huge tits." It felt right to say it. 

Sam pushed Nicole forward, never breaking connection. Her tits fell to her father-in-law's cold table. Her ass jiggled high behind her, pussy still stuffed with Sam's cock. He slammed into her. Then out. 

'Oh fuck.' Nicole gritted her teeth. Sam was pummeling her. 

'Oh fuck. Oh fuck.' The beast within Sam had taken over and Nicole felt it. She was being taken. Like she needed. Like she never knew she wanted. 'Oh fuck! Yes!' 

"Yes, Sam! Fuck me!"

Sam wrapped her huge hands around her little waist and pulled her forcefully back into him with every thrust. Nicole threw her neck back. 

"YES, FUCK ME! Please fuck my new pussy!" 

Samantha worked Nicole's pussy like a piston, every stroke adding fire and pressure in her new womb, her rhythm growing faster. Nicole clutched the table, holding on, her nails scratching the finish from the table, her giant tits bouncing in every direction. She was so close. 'Oh, fuck, I feel it.' 

"You're going to make me come!" She felt Samantha's cock thickening within her and she knew what it meant.

"Oh, fuck! Yes!"

She couldn't contain her expectations. She began thrusting back against Sam frantically, desperate to take him with her. Nicole had changed her mind. She wanted to feel Sam's dick explode inside of her. 

"Don't you dare pull out! Don't you fucking dare pull out of me!" She locked her legs around Sam's thighs, pulling him forward. 

Nicole tensed for the shortest of seconds before her body was overtaken. Sam plunged inside of her hard and bellowed. 

Nicole felt Sam's dick convulse on autopilot and the rush of heat as a deluge of cum erupted within her as she erupted into orgasm. The sperm inside of her cascaded in a giant plume, racing into the dimness of her tight pink cavern. Her cervix opened, inviting it into her depths. Still more came, volley after volley. Sam's balls were filled to the brim. All of it had to be released. There was so much cum that in moments the tight seal between her pussy and Sam's cock was broken and cum shot out of her from around his huge member, rolling down it's veiny contours. Feeling the warmth within her, Nicole didn't complain. She wanted to be filled. To the brim. Overflowing. Over and over. There was no going back.

Sam slowly pulled her still thick cock out of her pussy and fell backwards to the couch, her cock still pumping ribbon after ribbon. Nicole crumbled on the table, ass high in the air. She swayed it back and forth, enjoying being so full and the feeling of Sam's cum shooting on her ass and the small of her back.

'How had she gotten here?'

A few hours ago she was Nick, in search of a fertility treatment, and now...she pulsed her muscles. A thick glob of cum poured from her vagina onto her father-in-law's table. 

"Mmmmm."