 "Put your hands on the counter, spread your legs, and lean over."

"Is this an arrest?" Nick chirped, giggling. His wife glared at him. 

Nick swallowed and turned around. He bent over, revealing his wet pussy. Time crept to a stop. Samantha set her wine glass down next to his. 'What was she up to?'

Samantha stepped forward and grabbed her dick -- positioning it until it was mere centimeters away.

"Nick. How do you like my new cock?"

"It's...it's nice." replied a confused but sweet, feminine voice. He could feel a faint heat emanating into his pink folds.

"Oh, it's NICE? How wonderful." Samantha rolled her eyes. 'This bitch needed motivation.'

She leaned forward. The huge swollen head of her cock pressed into the shallows of Nick's pussy. Nick threw his hand to the side, knocking over both glasses of wine. 

"OH!" Nick squirmed. In surprise. In pleasure. Fighting the urge to push back to meet his wife's huge cock. "What are you doing?"

Samantha ignored the question and pressed forward. "Do you feel that? That's your first cock."

"OH! Oh...yes!" Nick couldn't think. It felt so wonderful.

"I asked you a question. Do you feel that?"

Another move forward. Nick's pussy lips parted around the throbbing head, buzzing with excitement for the new visitor. 

Nick moaned. "Y...yes!" He was trying to breathe. "I feel it!"

Sam proceeded, pushing the head halfway into the delicate pink folds. Nick bit his fist, moaning, whining, begging, his breasts covered in wine. He worried he would be impaled. Then he worried he wouldn't be. Samantha grabbed a cheek of his big ass with one hand. The skin was soft, the flesh tight in her grip. Even if Nick was gushing wet from this slightest attention and the head of her cock was coated in a shining sheen of his new feminine juices, she was suddenly coming against resistance. Nick was a tight little virgin. 

She pulled back--at the right moment, too, because she was dangerously close to losing control. Samantha pulsed her dick muscles and assessed the cock waiting at Nick's threshold. Even as a woman, her pussy had never known such a thick rod. She had sympathy for the tiny woman beneath her. Samantha would have to push hard to get through. It would hurt, but in the end she knew the woman would thank her. She patted Nick's ass in sympathy. It was about to be tapped. It jiggled, knowingly. 

Nick took the moment to breathe. His pussy -- everything -- felt so amazing. Time had stopped. He grabbed a nipple, twisting it between two fingers. Sam's cock was so big. He wanted to feel it again. Pushing into him. Spreading him wide. He flexed the cheeks of his ass in Samantha's hand and tried to compose himself. 

He looked down at his little feet wondering how he got here: Legs spread wide, a little female body bent over the counter, breasts pushed together, and Samantha towering behind him with her huge cock. He needed to stop this. Now. Before it was too late. 

What would it feel like? To finally have all of her inside of him, his tight little pussy invaded by her thick cock? He was sure his wife's new dick would rip him in two. He know he needed to stop these maddening questions immediately. Get to the shop. Fix what he had broken.

"Are you ready to become a woman, Nick?"

Nick's eyes welled with tears. He had to stop this, for his own sanity. There was no going back. As his lips rounded out in the shape of a no, his heart dropped. He quivered.

"N...Nuh..." He struggled to say the word. He reached a hand back and pushed a finger into his pussy. "Samantha..."

She stood unmoved, dick in hand. "Nick. Are you ready to become a woman?"

Anger built within Nick. He was supposed to have the cock. He was supposed to be fucking Samantha. Filling her. He resented this young buck behind him, even if it was his wife. He wanted to turn around, push Samantha over the kitchen sink, and fuck HER brains out to show HER who the man was. He tensed the muscles in his cock, only to find they were phantoms and he had only succeeded in clenching his pussy. It dripped. It felt empty. 'It feels wrong to feel so empty.'

"Please..."

'It feels wrong to feel so empty.'

"Are you ready for me to take your virginity?"

He had to go with his heart. To stop this.

Nick gritted his teeth. "Just fuck me." 

Nick didn't know why he said it, but he regretted it for only a moment. Sam pushed forward hard and Nick's pussy sucked around the head of Sam's shaft in a pop. A long moan poured from his lips. His arms went limp--his breasts pressed hard into the counter supporting his weight like pillows. Sam looked down over Nick's ass, at her new dick, its head snug inside Nick's pussy. A bead of wetness from within escaped the tight lock of pussy around cock, and poured down her shaft to the hilt. Sam pulled out. Then pushed the head in again. Harder. Pop went the pussy.

"Oh FUCK." Nick screamed in joy.

"Oh Nick-y, don't you love feeling of me inside of you?" 

Sam's teeth gritted at the new sensations around her shaft.

Nick whimpered. There were no words that came to his mind that did it justice. He let out a long whimper, then a series of unhinged ooo's as he tried to handle the huge alien appendage that was stretching him to the breaking point. He could hear the smile in Sam's voice. "What does my tight little Nicki think of my dick now?" Sam pushed the head in and out again. Nick's eyes opened wide, feeling the high timbres in the back of his throat as he screamed in pleasure and exultation. It wasn't Nick's voice anymore. It had been taken. He stared across the emptiness of the kitchen, an emptiness that highlighted his own. He looked down, expecting to see the cock impaled straight through him, but he saw nothing but his cleavage and felt nothing but the tight mound between his legs stuffed full of cock.

'This is what it felt like: To have a pussy. To have dick. To take it. To be a woman.' He knew he had to hold on. To remember himself. 

Sam pulled out in a jolt. Nick's knees went weak. Paralyzed by the new sensations, she dropped to the floor. Gasping. Short breaths. Lost. Face cushioned in her breasts billowing over her knees. Ass in the air. Thick legs in every direction. Long fingernails clicking and clawing at the cabinet. Pussy gushing.

"Mmmm. Nicole" Sam smiled. "I just took your virginity."

She knew it was true. She had come a long way in the hour since her transformation. Her pussy lips could still feel the phantom of her wife's huge cock. It had stretched her wide. A line of saliva fell involuntarily from the corner of the mouth. She was a quivering drooling mess. The cock had left her that way. She lifted herself, taking the pressure off her breasts. She looked down on them as they bounced to a quick stop, firm on her chest. Nicole's breasts. They were heavy. How could she go back? She needed to get to her feet. She needed to get Sam to fuck her. She knew it was wrong, but she was desperate. She tried to stand, wobbling on all fours like a baby deer. Tears saturated her eyelashes. She felt Sam's presence looming tall behind her. His heat. 

She lifted herself from the floor to her knees and turned to face it. She couldn't take her eyes off of it now. She couldn't blink. She had felt it inside of her. She saw its thick head, glazed in her own juices. The juices from her pussy. She grabbed it with a petite hand. So thick. She swallowed, ashamed at how much she loved dick. Why had she been so shy before? 'Stupid, Nick.' He almost ruined it for her. But no matter--she had a second chance and she would make it more than right. She bobbed happily on her butt as she reached forward, grabbing the huge cock at its base. She licked her lips and looked up at Sam. Sam delicately rubbed her hair. "Good girl." She grabbed the cock at its base and giggled. She would show Sam how good she could be. She opened her lips wide and fell on it.

Sam moaned deeply as Nicole passionately worked every inch of the cock before her, clamping her lips down hard, pulling off with a pop, moving lower to suck each ball, before giving a long, expert lick upwards along the bottom length of the cock and plunging her mouth over it again. Sam pulled her in. Nicole gagged, but caught herself. She wouldn't be thwarted. She would deep throat his huge cock. She would show him that she could take it all. Then he would fuck her. She gurgled and moaned in expectation. 'Who needs air when you have a dick like this?' Sam let go of her head and Nicole pulled off in a pop. Nicole gasped for deep breaths, giggling to herself. 'What a rush!' But there was no time to breathe! 

She dove back in deep throating it several times before coming back for air. Saliva dripped her lips and the cock. She looked up at the man before her, her Sam and spoke sweetly. "Your little Nicole wants to be fucked." 

She smiled, her face radiant and beautiful, grabbing the cock with one hand then the another. Even grasping it with her two tiny hands couldn't contain its length and the head poked defiantly out of her grip. She rotated her wrists, massaging the wet cock in opposing circular motions, feeling the ridges of veins in her palms. A larger drop of precum burst from the cock and came dangerously close to dropping to the floor, but she quickly intercepted it with a flick of her tongue and returned her gaze to Sam's piercing eyes. 

"Mmmmm! That isn't going anywhere, not a drop" She flicked her lips. "Except in this mouth." 

Sam moaned, shocked, and Nicole's heart skipped at the sound. She was pleasing him. She was ready to be mounted, she felt her lips beneath her--painfully swollen. She bounced her ass in expectation of working the shaft, ribbons of her womanly fluids gingerly fell from her pussy to the floor. 

But she had something more to prove. Wrapping her lips around the cock again, she commenced to suck vigorously while jerking the long shaft with both hands. Sam bellowed. All the energy, centered on his long, thick member--the power, the sword--and this beautiful woman's little eager mouth expertly pleasuring it, it was too much. He could no longer think straight. Deep moans shook the kitchen. 

Sam looked down at the flurry of hair and lips over his new cock. He twisted Nicki's long hair in his hands. She winced but wouldn't be stopped. She was taking control back, she was finally in charge, taming the beast his wife had become. Every pump of hand, every tight suck of red lips sent him closer. But to what? Sam felt feverish, like he was losing control. And then, he did.

Sam moaned, grabbing hard to Nicole's hair. Nicole knew the feeling well, only now she was on the receiving end. She knew she had to hold. Sam's cock took over, pumping like artillery, shooting payload after payload of hot cum into the back of her throat. Nicole's heart leapt--the first cum Samantha's body had ever produced! It was sweet and warm over her tiny tongue and slowly filled her cheeks like a balloon until she could no longer contain it. Finally, cum spurted from the tight suction of her lips, pouring to her big breasts below. It was a flood. A deluge. Nicole let it pour down her throat, pumping it with her hand. She was determined to swallow it all. To let none of her wife's delicious cum go to waste. The cock finally convulsed its last. Nicole pulled the dick out of her mouth and stuck out her tongue, grabbing the dick at its hilt and giving one long pump progressively up the shaft, for that last taste of cum. It dropped to her tongue. She pulled it in, swallowed it and then licked her lips before pushing them against the thick head of the cock, "Mmmmm. Delicious."

Samantha stroked Nicole's hair lovingly, her mind blank, free for a moment in manly bliss. "Good girl. Good girl." 

Nicole wiped her lips with her tiny wrist and took advantage of Sam's stupor. "Get more wine and wait in the living room. I'll be back." 

She giggled and headed for the stairs, stopping at the doorway to push her ass out. "Then you're going to fuck me!" 

Nick couldn't believe how brazen he had become--but he was in Nicole's body and he would use it.

"You have five minutes," said Samantha.