 Samantha walked into the living room, settling her massive new body into the couch. Her dick was sensitive; balls empty of sperm but filled with relief. She fiddled her new appendage with her thick fingers. 

'Power.' 

The testosterone flowing through her new body only confirmed the feeling. This had been a weird night to say the least, but it had already been worth it. Nick was proving to be an eager bitch. Samantha let out a deep laugh of knowing. Soon her dick would be buried to the hilt inside of Nicole. The thought created an involuntary twitch in the base of her cock and it sprung to life again. 

--

'This was crazy.' 

Nicole fumbled through the red, velvet-lined drawers of her wife's cabinet. Feeling the lace and satin in her hands. Deciding. She only had five minutes. She had to hurry. 

'What am I doing?' 

Nick's doubts were returning, and she hoped her self-imposed mission would distract her. 'This one is perfect!' Satin and lace. She set the snaps and wrapped the bra around her as she had seen her wife do a thousand times, positioning the cups in front of her before taking them in both hands and scooping upward to fill them with her breasts. Then she pulled the straps upwards. 'Oof!' Her boobs were heavy but she finally got the straps around her shoulders. 'Done!' The bra was tight and her tits bulged over the sides pleasurably. 'My tits are huge'. It felt amazing to have her globes of flesh contained so snugly. To feel her nipples pushing hard into the padded bra. She eyed her reined in melons in the mirror, nudging their sides with her hands, adjusting them in the cups until they were balanced. 'Perfect!' She bounced in glee. They were finally locked in. She relished the release of weight from her back, just as much as she relished the thought of their coming release. 

She leaned over and stepped into the matching thong, pulling it up over her firm legs and finally into place, tight between her thick ass cheeks. It cupped her pussy. She looked in the mirror. The contour of her mound was flatly framed in a triangle of lavender satin and black lace. The Nick within balked. There was no denying. Her dick was gone. The fabric that smoothly framed her pussy joined her matching bra as it strained under the weight of her breast-flesh. 'Oh fuck.' The woman in the mirror. She turned. Eying the thong between her cheeks. It felt—nice! She smacked both checks with her palms and pulled them upward, then dropped them with a bounce. Nick would have loved to fuck the woman in the mirror. He would have bent her over and taken her. But Nicole wouldn't be fucking anyone tonight-she would be bent over. 'Taken.' Her pussy ached. 

'Maybe this wasn't such a good idea-'

"Time's up!" a deep voice yelled from downstairs.

Her thoughts broken, she rummaged through the jewelry box on her wife's chest of drawers. Pearls. They would bring everything together. She lifted them to her neck, reminded of the necklace that had brought her here, and clasped them behind her flowing locks of hair. Looking down she noticed earrings. These would have to wait, no piercings. 'What a shame. I would probably want two on one ear.'

"I SAID 'TIMES UP!'"

She took a deep breath. It was time. 'Oh god. What am I doing?' She pushed the thought from her mind and bounced her way downstairs.

Nicole stopped in the doorway and let Samantha's manly gaze pour over her. Sam couldn't believe what she saw. Nick in her best lingerie! The realization sent blood rushing into Samantha's eager cock. 

Samantha set her wine glass down. They had a round coffee table in front of the couch. Samantha's father had made it for them. It was sturdy and broad. Nick strolled over it, feeling the flesh of her body bounce in her new outfit. She swept the magazines and remote controls to the floor and crawled onto it, all fours. Then she shifted 180 degrees, displaying her thick ass to her new lover. A dark patch of purple was steadily spreading in the fabric of her lavender thong as it saturated with her new juices. Samantha lost herself in the growing darkness, licking her lips.

Samantha leaned forward. She reached for Nick's thong and pulled it towards her, then down slowly from her ass, revealing the prize. Nick's pussy was completely swollen and wet. Nick could feel her heartbeat pumping in his inviting folds-the fact that he was a woman now was undeniable. Nicole moaned and let out a fevered breath. I am being undressed! She shook, her ass and pussy were exposed. She felt like a present on Christmas. And vulnerable. Her sex glistened in the dim light of the living room, her pink shining pearl of a clit peeked from beneath its new hood-it was what Nick had to work with now. How the mighty Nick had fallen. Now a new creature, on a pedestal, all-fours on the table made by his father-in-law hands-dripping wet and mad to be mounted by the strong man "dad's" daughter had become.

Nicole turned. "Do you like what you see?" She was so nervous.

"I do." Samantha held her cock ready, pre-cum dripping in a flood to the floor from the hole in it's tip. Her new balls filled to the breaking point.

"Then take it." She bent at her waist, pushing her ass higher. Nick would have never struck this pose—but for her it felt natural. Right. Her necklace dangled over her cleavage and the lace of her bra. She wiggled her ass wantonly. She wanted Sam to hurry—before she lost her nerve. 

Sam was tempted to lunge forward but stopped herself. She smiled. She had other plans—mainly: to watch her husband willingly sacrifice his manhood on her giant cock.

"Before I take you. Show me you can take me."

Nicole turned to look over her shoulder, arching a thin eyebrow curiously. 

Sam leaned back on the couch, letting go of her dick. It stood stiff, pointing skyward, on it's own accord. 

"All of me." His eyes taunted her. "I'm not sure you can." 

Nicole stared at the cock, pumping in the air behind her. She understood. She was well aware of how tight she was, well aware the depths of her pussy were unexplored. They would need to be reached. They would need to be broken in. Her heart raced. She would have to be brave. She clenched her pussy and spun around on the table to face Sam. Sam traced the cleavage busting out of the cups of what used to be his bra. One tit was dangerously close to falling out-he could make out the pink outline of areola beneath the satin and the dent of nipple in fabric.

Nicole stood up on the table. Towering above Sam, she stepped forward, one foot on the couch then the other, straddling the man beneath her. Sam was motionless and expressionless, waiting. Nicole dropped her ass into a squat to eye level and hovered over the cock. She reached a dainty hand beneath her to grab the shaft at it's middle. It filled her grip. The long nails of her thumb and fingers came close to touching-but didn't. A long drop of stick wetness fell in a string from her pussy onto the bulbous head of Samantha's cock. Nick looked in Samantha's eyes. Samantha glared back. How did she get here? She had been a man mere hours ago, and now she was about to impale herself with her wife's cock. Nick knew she should stop. She lowered herself slowly, adjusting the cock beneath her, and once pleased with her positioning, she released her knees.

Contact. She moaned, instantly losing breath in anticipation. 

'Oh fuck.' 

She parted her glistening pink folds with the head of Samantha's dick. Sam bit his lip. Nicole's mind reeled, sparring with the man she was and the woman she had become. Would she really take this thick cock inside of her? She decided to stall. To think for a moment. She moved the cock back and forth over her folds to coat it in her juices. It was a huge cock and would need to be lubricated before guiding it to her entrance, her path of least resistance. She moved it back and forth, back and forth, doing her best to compose herself. She kept thinking, finally positioning the cock at her gates. 'Maybe one quick slip inside wouldn't hurt-just to remember.' She breathed in deeply.

Dropping her hips she plunged herself onto the cock. It parted her lips wide before meeting a moment resistance that felt like eternity. She dropped her mouth in wonder and closing her eyes tightly and relaxing her new pussy. She lifted and plunged. The head popped inside of her. 'OH FUCK. OH GOD.'

'It's in.' She shuttered, breathing frantically. Her hair fell in tangles over her face as she moaned. 'It's in, it's in!'

She writhed on the cock head. All deliberation had vanished. This was going to happen. She strained to open her eyes, looking into Samantha's, lost, trying to understand how this could felt so good. She wanted him to stretch her. Break her. Fuck away anything left of her own manhood. Nicole pushed lower. "Oh god. Oh...oh fuck." She hovered on the cock with the strength of her thick thighs, bringing both hands up to brush her long hair from her face.

Sam watched the progress. "Good girl. Halfway there."

'Halfway there? Oh fuck. HOW? It couldn't be.' She felt completely filled. 'How can I take the rest? It's already so much...and there's more?' She flexed her legs and lifted herself up until the tip remained within her. Every half-inch traversed drove her mad. Her juices poured down the shaft like wax down a candle, glistening in the light. She breathed in, resolved. Just as her throat had learned, her pussy would learn. She drove in again. It was pain. It was pleasure indescribable. Her clit swelled from her hood, overlooking her lips below, tightly around the shaft, doing their best to accept it. She lifted and plunged again.

Each attempt left behind a trail of wetness circumnavigating the cock, evidence of ground gained-a reverse high water mark-a line of how far she had come-the cock, a yardstick measuring her desperate goal to being bent over and fucked. She had to bury Samantha's entire length inside of her, to coat the entire shaft in her juices all the way to Samantha's huge balls. She looked to Samantha for assurance.

"70%"

She couldn't fathom it. "H...H...How...?"

She whimpered. Then shuddered. Her body was consumed, every inch of her began to shake uncontrollably from the epicenter in her pelvis-the shifting plates of Samantha's thick cock against her pussy. She tried to breath. To scream. To moan. But she was paralyzed. Lost in pleasure. Everything disappeared for the shortest of moments before the earthquake spread in every direction until her entire body was the epicenter. She came.

Her knees went weak and her ass dropped to Sam's knees. The cock stabbed completely into her depths. The pain was like nothing she had ever felt-shooting straight down her middle, alternating between complete agony and pure pleasure. She doubled over, grabbing Sam's sides hard with her long nails, trying to find anything to hold on to, gulping desperately for air. Her face contorted into passionate confusion. Sam felt her convulsions along the length of her, watching Nick's beautiful body's reaction as it skewered itself on her huge cock. Nicole's breasts bounced and hair tangled in her face and in every direction as she bucked like a wild animal.

Sam's resolve broke. A deep moan exited his lips and it thundered in Nicole's chest. Nick arched her neck skyward at the sound. She knew what it meant. She had done it. Sam was completely inside of her. Oh fuck. Oh yes. She came again. Utterly controlled, utterly broken, she wrapped her thin arms around Nick's neck. Surrendering. Convulsing uncontrollably. Holding on. Sam held on hard-doing his best not to come. Nicole's juices ran trails over Sam's balls. The dam had broken.

Sam composed himself and lifted her off his cock. Nicole was weak. Her ascent felt like eternity. Her pussy didn't know when the cock would end. It kept going. And going. Vein after twisting vein. She made a cursory map of it in her mind. She wanted to know every inch-she knew that would take time and repeat journeys across its topography. Finally the bulbous head popped out in a gush of fluid and she was empty again. But the imprint remained. In the walls of her pussy. In her mind. She could never 'un-feel' it, even if she wanted to. She looked into Samantha's eyes. They radiated a blue of pure strength and love. Samantha looked back at the woman her husband had become. Beautiful. Delicate. Brave. And eager to be fucked. She reached behind Nicole and undid her lavender bra, pulling it off, exposing her large breasts to the air. They fell delightfully to her chest in a plump bounce. Nicole liked being undressed as much as she enjoyed dressing up. They sat together for a moment in their new bodies, complete and at one.