 AUTHORS NOTE:
This is one of my older stories: my take on a gender transformation combined with a gender swap. I hope you enjoy it!
BL Quick (BQNK)


There's No Going Back

Chapter 1

Nick and his wife had tried everything – every herbal remedy, position, and treatment—at least it felt that way. But years passed to no avail. It afflicted their hearts and, as a result, their marriage. Nick was at his wit's end. Sick of disappointing Samantha. Desperate for any solution – no matter how ridiculous.

Cho, a fellow engineer at work, had recommended the shop. The owner was, in his words, Nick's best hope. In fact, scattered conversations over several weeks and Cho's relentless insistence that Nick make the trip to the shop (that it would be well worth it and a sure fire way to impregnating his wife and ending his problems) had filled his heart with renewed confidence.

Nick went. The shop, as if satisfying a cliché or Nick's worst nightmares, was located deep down a gritty alleyway in Chinatown, and when he stepped in, he was far from impressed. It was a dim clutter of trinkets and jars – some filled with roots, others with parts of animals. They sat, barely illuminated by the red lanterns above, on black lacquered wooden cabinets detailed with ornate pearl dragons and cranes. The shop smelled like someone had let Chinese take out sit in their car overnight – along with 14 pairs of old shoes, an open bottle of nail polish, stale tea, and a scattering of moth balls.

The old man had a hoary beard, long eyebrows, and leaned from his chair beneath a green light. Over tea the shop owner listened closely to Nick's explanation, nodding occasionally. Then, without explanation, walked to the back of the shop. Nick could hear him rummaging around. The clinking of jars. The sound of a lighter. A burning smell.

Eventually he creaked back smoking a cigarette with something in his hand. A golden necklace with a crooked golden pendant stuffed with a tangle of brown stuff. It looked organic. Roots? Herbs? The man cleared his throat and explained the process, repeating himself continually, opening his eyes wide. Nick grew bored rather quickly, his thoughts straying to observe the strange man in front of him. The man was articulate, a Chinese accent hardly discernible. Nick rolled his eyes at himself for expecting one. The man kept repeating "the necklace seeks balance" always with wide eyes while shaking a wrinkled finger his way. However bored Nick was, however inattentive, he grew more and more sure the method would work--and more impatient to get on with it.

"The entire success of the necklace is dependent on your ability to concentrate, which means when you decide to use it, you have to do everything you can to limit any outside stimuli that could interrupt your focus on what you desire. Complete concentration. No people. No noise. No-"

"No interruptions. I get it. Now take my money and give me the necklace."

The man eyed him sternly for a moment then snorted. "I also need to stress that you will get what you want sooner than later. Things tend to happen quickly."

"Sooner than later. Great. Now take my money and give me the necklace!" Nick gritted his teeth in a feigned smile and shrugged.

The man spit on the table in disgust. "Ugh. You know what, forget it. You're just a customer. I've told you what you need to know. You don't seem to realize how much of a favor I am doing you by taking time to reiterate."  He snatched the money from Nick's right hand and shoved the necklace into his left. "Here. Be careful. Use your head."

"Thank yo—"

"Don't thank me! Just leave. And be very careful. The necklace-"

"Seeks balance. I got it." Nick put the necklace in his pocket, turned for the door and headed back out into the snow.
Nick turned and looked at the shop—what a jerk that guy was—such fuss over a silly necklace. He twirled the necklace in his pocket. 

"No more tests, no more regimens. Work is on my way home and everyone has gone home for the day. I'll just swing in there, lock myself in the bathroom, get this done then go straight home and fuck my wife so full of cum she will have quintuplets."

He laughed to himself.


Chapter 2

Nick entered work and walked through the office. Just as he expected, everyone had gone home, no one was at a desk. Even the janitors were finished with their work. He walked into the men's bathroom. Wait. No. He needed something more solitary. He thought back to the warning. Limit outside stimuli. A stall doesn't cut it. "There's a private nursing room in the executive wing, I can lock myself in there." Nick ran down the hall to the private bathroom, slammed the door and pressed the lock.

"Okay, no stimulus."

Nick emptied his pockets of his wallet, his phone, and took off his clothes and neatly folded them, piling all of his belongings on the table in front of him. He turned off the light. He faced the mirror positioned above the table and readied the necklace in both hands. He could barely make out the form in front of him in the darkness.

I already know what I want through and through, so this will be over in no time. He closed his eyes.

'Virility. Virility. Virility.'

He focused on the word in his mind. He imagined the triumphant fuck with his wife, his cock pulsating, shooting thick ribbons of hot cum into her. Strong swimmers, and a lot of them. An army of his guys, invading one helpless waiting egg. No hope for other contingency but conception. Pregnancy. Knocking her up. His balls stirred at the thought. All of his troubles, all the years of trying, the fertility treatments, solved right now. Virility. This was the moment, sure in his mind. He pulled the necklace over his head.

VIRILITY!

Just before his hands released the necklace—a buzz. His phone. He looked at the table, the screen lit with a new text from his wife.

don't forget milk on way home

The necklace fell around his neck.


Chapter 3

He stood there for what seemed like a long time. The screen of his phone went dark. His eyes adjusted to the dark.
Nick sensed nothing.

"Well, I guess it's happened. I should go home. Maybe I will leave the necklace on just in case."

He reached for his clothing.

Wait.

He felt a gradual warmth building in his balls. He looked down at his penis. It rose to attention. "That's more like it!" Blood flowed. A firm erection. He watched it proudly as it pulsated with is heartbeat. It was definitely harder than usual. The necklace was working. His wife would have no chance of walking away without her womb ––being impregnated. His eyes adjusted to the dark, he looked in the mirror, pleased with himself. The heat in his balls intensified to a pleasing ache.

"God, if this keeps going I'm going to cum right here," he laughed, "I should get home. Wife-y will be waiting. The milk can wait -- Oh!" Pleasure shot through his testicles. He looked down. They looked larger. He watched curiously as his engorged sac dropped with a sigh.

His balls lingered for a moment, swollen and red. Then, in a jolt, they seized upwards, retracting into his pelvis with a pop.

Nick gazed in wonder at his dick, once framed below by two testicles. Now it stood alone. "What the?" 

He could feel the heat of his testicles tight within him, claustrophobic, emanating heat in his pelvis. He reached a hand down to inspect the area under his penis and felt the loose skin of his scrotum being pulled behind his balls like a blanket, creating a growing hole as the base of his cock. He reached a finger in after his balls. He could feel their edges just below the surface, still hot, and slowly lurching their way farther within him. A faint sensation was growing between them. A slickness. He pulled his finger out and inspected it, befuddled. The tip was coated in clear fluid. He pressed it to his thumb – it felt slippery. He brought his finger to his nose, smelling it. The scent was sweet. Oddly familiar. He plunged his finger back into him, farther this time, chasing his testicles as they continued their journey upward with determination. He could barely reach them. His body produced moisture to accommodate his probing and in no time the passage and his finger became glazed in wetness. He grabbed his dick with the other hand – still as hard as a rock, yet, smaller. His penis barely peaked out of the grasp of his hand -- in fact he felt it being pulled into him as well, and growing more sensitive as it did. Finally, he lost contact with his balls. He could feel them ascending within, condensing. His pelvis felt electric.

It was then he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. The scene was ridiculous. Standing with one hand inside him and the other grasping his rock hard, and steadily shrinking cock. Perplexed, he tried to stand up straight, but the base of his spine bent hard sending his ass jutting out behind him and his shrinking penis farther out of view below. 

Before he could process the sudden repositioning of his skeletal structure, something on his chest caught his attention. His nipples. They seemed. Wider? Longer? He felt soreness radiating beneath them. They looked puffy, as if they were sitting on welts. He touched the skin around his nipples. Stiff like mosquito bites -- and sensitive. The welts were expanding, widening his areoles with them. In moments his thick nipples poked from two firm domes the diameter of tennis balls.

He laughed to himself nervously, taken by the changes. "What is this? An allergic reaction?" He tore at the necklace, ripping it from his neck. 

Metal hit floor. He looked down, praying for relief, but the welts continued to grow, with every pulse forward they felt more and more wonderful. "Oh...Oh yes!" he moaned. His voice cracked like a teenage boy and a soft undertone took over as he repeated the phrase. It 

"Oh, fuck. Yes!" His body retorted in a quick jerk, retracting his dick. It would stop when it was finished. He screamed long and loud, lost in pleasure, and, as he did, the bass drained from his throat, dissolving into a piercing feminine scream that sent a treble echo into the ceiling tiles above him.

"It feels so good." the melodious voice repeated between frantic breaths. "...so good."

As if awakened by his scream, the two cheeks of his ass tightened in a jerk, becoming firm and round. It pumped out behind him, two balloons of supple flesh being blown up, breath by breath, filling tighter and tighter, each cheek trying its best to overtake the another without success, finally pushing together hard, deepening the crack of Nick's ass, and using each other as leverage as they grew wide behind him into an undeniable booty, adding a shelf so significant to his now petite profile that he could balance a teacup on the curve protruding from his lithe back. He sent both hands behind him and in two loud smacks took the billowing masses firm into his grip. The flesh pushed back taut against his grip. 

"Oh god. Yes..." He tried instinctively to push it back to where it came from, leaning back for leverage, tits bouncing--but his new, thick ass wasn't going anywhere. "YES!"

Within him his testicles curved and twisted. He could feel a gulf growing between them. His penis was now a pink nub of concentrated nerves. It ached as it peaked out from under its new hood. The welts under his nipples had swollen to the size of small melons keeping his newly sculpted sex out of his view. He grabbed hold of his breasts and pulled them to the side, trying to see the changes below. Their immenseness billowed softly through his fingers. His nipples felt electric. 

Suddenly he felt lost. Alive. He tweaked his engorged nipples which only added to the pressure in his pelvis. His balls made one final triumphant twist, sending a jet of pain radiating into the tight new cave within him. They snapped into their new home, prepared for their new work. The pressure was building to a breaking point within him. He was pulling at his nipples as hard as he could, kneading his breasts as he did. He dropped a hand to his crotch and inadvertently brushed his new clit.

Time froze for the faintest of moments.
Like the moment before a nuclear explosion.
Like the eye of a hurricane.
Mouth open.
Eyes wide in disbelief.
Now.

He fell to his knees. His entire body exploded into orgasm, rocked with pleasure, every inch of him carried away, testicles performing their final act, expelling flood after flood of semen through his new plumbing. It jetted through his fallopian tubes and into his new uterus. His hair cascaded in a flood from his head, wrapping around his shoulders and down to the small of his back. He bucked on his knees, mad with pleasure, his bubble butt bouncing. The lips below his nose filled out as unhinged feminine moans and gasps passed through them. He let go of his breast with his left hand and clutched for the wall, scratching it with his long nails in search for something to cling to, but there was nothing, and he was left to desperately ride out wave after wave of orgasm until, finally, each of his testicles closed for business, walling out the final swimming traces of his manhood. Their reformation had begun. They condensed into new creatures—ovaries. In a few minutes they would be teeming with eggs.