 ***This story was inspired by a joke that was started on my thread. I hope you enjoy it.  Thanks to _Fallen_Angel_ for checking my p's and q's! Thanks a million.***



Richard the gnome was exhausted. It had been one busy day of guarding the lawn and Rich's hands were scarred and worn from the daily activity. His face was sticky with old sweat, and his pointed hat drooped down deflated with weariness. This was not a good way to make a living, and he longed for a day where he was promoted and relieved of his boring watch-guard job. He really didn't even understand why he had to guard lawns all day. The elders said it would help keep the land in balance and keep a steady flow of harmony through the world. Right now, Rich could have cared less about harmony. A hot bath was calling him name.

The heavy wooden door creaked as Richard pushed it open. A warm light greeted him and Rich jumped back startled. What was this? He did not leave the lights on when he left. Cautiously, Richard crept into his lair letting the warm light engulf him. Then, in a burst of gnomish fury, he darted through the foyer with his fists raised for battle expecting a rogue squirrel causing problems again. 

Richard stopped in his tracks. A trio of beautiful human women sat before him. They were much bigger than Rich, and they had to kneel down to fit into Richard's home. However, they fit in comfortably since Richard's cavernous cave had such a high ceiling. 

Richard stared at them in awe. Never before had he been in contact with humans, let alone such radiant beauties. The three women flirted by caressing each others soft exposed skin with delicate fingers. He could tell that none of them were wearing any undergarments, as Rich saw subtle hints of pretty pinks floating behind their white cotton dresses. The trio giggled a lot and sipped what smelled like bourbon from thimble-sized shot glasses, probably found in Rich's secret stash. They were a little tipsy, and very friendly with one another.

Richard the gnome was dumbfounded. He could feel his deflated gnome hat swell and grow until it was erect again.

"What matter of debauchery is this that I have stumbled into?" Rich wondered out loud. There was a stutter to his grunts for he was still excited and shocked by the situation. His eyes darted from cleavage to cleavage, letting his hungry eyes devour the delicious site. 

"Little Richard Gnome," said the first woman, "I am Brianne Kalea, and I am the spirit of knowledge and literature."

"Little Richard Gnome," said the second woman, "I am Cammy, and I am the spirit of Savagery and animalistic instincts."

"Little Richard Gnome," said the third woman, "I referred to as M, and I am just A sexual deviant!"

Richard shivered again. He could feel a throb in the back of his neck and a drop of sweat roll down his brow. His lips quivered as he tried to speak again, but nothing came out.

"Don't worry, Richard gnome," Brianne whispered. "We are here as a reward for your hard work. The elder spirits of the land send us out to those who work hard and make sure no harm comes to lawns."

"We present a gift to those hard working gnomes by giving them a night that they will never forget," said Cammy.

There was a pause that seemed to last an eternity.

"You get to watch Brianne and I eat Cammy out!" giggled M. With that, M grabbed Cammy's dress at the neckline and yanked hard tearing the fabric down the center. Cammy pulled her shoulders back, freeing her perky breast and swollen pink nipples from their cotton restraints.  Without hesitation, M cupped Cammy breast and her nipple disappear between a pair of scarlet lips. 

"Gott in himmel!" gasped Richard, eyes wide and the throbbing sensation moving down to his groin. Instinctively, his small gnome hands unbuckled his tiny belt. His small gnome trousers dropped to the floor kicking up a little dust as they flopped down. Richard was working it commando that day, and his little gnome cock sprung free in the excitement. 

Cammy's head was thrust back in pleasure. Her hand was on the back of M's head, encouraging her to suck harder on her nipple. M's obliged with sucks and swirls with a slinky tongue. In the meantime, she gently traced her hand around Cammy's thigh. With each circle M's ticklish fingertips made around her thigh, the more a wet and pink pussy was teased into joining the festivities. Cammy's pussy slowly slipped from it sleep, lips growing full and pink and ready. 

Feeling a little left out at this point, Brianne crawled into the scene. She leaned down in a catlike stance inching down towards the hungry pink pussy until her lips barely touched her labia. Cammy shivered with sexual tension, still being satisfied by M succulent massage and anticipating Brianne's next move. The anticipation was almost more thrilling by the act itself. In a playful tease, Brianne gently blew across Cammy's flesh, sending currents of electricity through her the legs and curling her toes.

Richard watched as Cammy thrust her head back in an almost violent motion, her red hair floating everywhere like the ocean on a turbulent morning. He had his tiny gnome cock in his hand, and he was stroking it slowly. The head of his cock was swelling up and turning beat red.  His heart pounded in this throat and he breathed deep and slow intakes of air. Eyes never blinking or losing their focus on the trio.

Brianne blew two more whispering wisps across Cammy's exposed and wet flesh then smirked. She could not wait a second more. With a quick pounce, Brianne buried her face deep into Cammy's pussy. Cammy let out a half scream and half moan. Anticipation was over, and now Brianne tongue danced around a wet and throbbing clit and streams of cum dripped down her chin. Cammy's convulsive motions bucked M back from her position. She then focused her attention elsewhere, seeing Brianne's ass floating in the air. 

M skillfully slid on the opposite side of the two girls, navigating under Richards ceiling. Her soft hands landed on Brianne's ass cheeks. With a delicate touch, she parted the lucious cheeks revealing a tight asshole and a pink and wet pussy underneath. She traced the outlines of her muscles with her fingernail, summoning goosebumps across soft flesh. M's finger then traced the tight hole, teasing Brianne.

Brianne's moan was muffled, but it echoed through the room. Richard was now pounding his little gnome cock, which had become thick and throbbing from the excitement. His fist was tightly wrapped about his shaft, and everytime he stroked down, his swollen gnome balls would jangle from the movements. He could feel it building up, and he knew it wouldn't take long for him to explode.

Cammy screamed, as she grabbed Brianne's hair pulling her closer into her pussy. She was in the middle of an intense orgasm, and she squealed out a grunt with every pulse of electricity the pumped through her privates. Brianne had to pull off for air. Locks of her hair clung to her cheeks, pasted there by the thick fluids that rolled down in streams down to her chin. Brianne was covered in cum. She did not wipe it away. She was preoccupied by M, who had stuck her tongue deep into Brianne's asshole. With her free hands, M massaged Brianne's clit while pumping three fingers into her pussy. Each time her fingered disappeared, they would reemerge a little wetter, and a lot drippier. 

It only took a minute for Cammy to recover. She took a deep breath as she shivered the after effects of the orgasm through her. When she was done, she rolled over next to M, pressed her face against Brianne's ass and stuck out her tongue. M met her, wrapping her lips around Cammy's tongue engaging in a sensual kiss. After the kiss ended, the two girl went to work, taking turns at plunging their tongues in Brianne's asshole. The sensation of two tongues exploring her from behind was was Brianne needed, and a flood of fire raged through her blood. She bit down on her lip as her muscles tensed into taught ropes. M's fingers were dripping with thick juice as she slowed her pumping pace down to keep in rythm with the raging fire that engulfed Brianne's body. 

Brianne she panted from the sensation. It almost sounded like she was crying, the orgasm raged through her so powerfully. Brianne rolled off of her knees, trying to gather herself. M caressed her legs.

Cammy had backed off the two just after the initial shockwave ravaged through Brianne's tender frame. From out of no where, Cammy produced a strap-on dildo. She skillfully slid into the harness, and squirted a clear and sloppy liquid all over the 9 inch rubber member. M was still caressing Brianne's legs when Cammy shoved her between the shoulder blades knocking her on all fours. With un-delicate presision, Cammy shoved her rubber cock deep into M's hungry pussy. M responded through gritted teeth. "Oh yeeeeeeeeesssssssssss," she grunted.

Cammy was rough as she furiously pumped her red rubber cock deep into M's wet pussy. Richard kept pace with the furious action. He was now completely naked, still pounding on his swollen and throbbing gnome cock. With his free hand, he would slap his swollen gnome balls. He couldn't cum until all of the girls finished.

Cammy was fucking M harder with every thrust. The sound of Cammy's flesh striking M's ass echoed through the room. The thumping sound grew louder and sharper with each passing second. Tears rolled down from M's eyes. The sensation of pain and pleasure overtook her in waves of cold heat. She moaned at the cold sharp sting of the initial smack, then soaked in the burning tingle that followed. Cammy brought her open hand down on M's ass cheek. M groaned at the slaps, thrusting her head back everytime flesh met flesh.

Brianne had recovered now, and emerged also with a red rubber member strapped around her crotch. She knelt down in front of M, her rubber cock dancing in front of her face. Pulling up on her hair, Brianne plunged her cock between M's lips. She pumped slowly at first, giving M the chance to accept her member. After a few more thrusts, Brianne was deep in M's throat. M gagged on Brianne's cock as Cammy continued to fill her pussy. Tears were still rolling down from M's eyes. The sharp sting of the thrust and the tingle of the aftershock was too much. The realization of being filled on both ends overloaded her senses, and waves of stings ravaged through her nerves. Her orgasm was the strongest of all three. She coughed and gagged on Brianne's rubber cock as she squealed with intesity. The sound filled the room, and flooded Richard ear canals.

This was it, Richard could not hold it any more. He grunted and tensed his muscles. A tight and thick stream of pure white cum shot from his little gnome cock and spattered on Cammy's back. Richard's eyes widened as the frozen rope of jizz pumped out of his tiny gnome frame. He had built up what felt like a gallon of cum over the last few minutes and he grunted as he released it all.

The frozen rope qickly turned into spurts of hot thick liquid. Lakes of cum covered his wooden floor. His muscles strained and relaxed. He took a deep breath and slowly opened his eyes. Tears created by the pressure had run down his cheeks. The cramped musles in his forearm finally relaxed as he released his grip.

When his senses came back to him, Richard the gnome looked around the room. The only evidence of his night were giant puddle of thick white cum on his wooden floor. The trio of girls had disaapeared. There was no sign of evidence that they were even there.

Richard took a deep sigh. He took in the sensation before reality hit back. Resting his chin on his chest, he looked at his little gnome cock. It was limp and dripping. If this was his reward for his hard work, he vowed to be even more vigilant in guarding his lawn tomorrow. He would stand on the lawn and guard until his back was sore and his eyes were dry. Richard would become the best lawn guard the world has ever seen!

Right now, though, he had to find a few socks to clean up his puddles of cum.