 The bedroom was bathed in soft moonlight from the open window, a gentle breeze stirred the curtain and the sleeping girl made soft noises of sleep as she lay naked on the cotton sheets of her bed. No more than 18 she slept naked with arms outstretched and her breasts, pale in the light were topped with small pink rosebud nipples that were now stiff from the caressing breeze. Her flat stomach rose and fell to her rhythmic breathing and the hint of pubic hair at the base reflected the true colouring of the blonde hair on her head.

The room suddenly took on a different feel, cooler but not cold and somehow lighter but not bright. The sleeping girl responded with a gentle stirring and her nipples became even stiffer in the cool. She moved one arm lazily across her body with the hand coming to rest on the pubic mound so that her middle fingers now trailed down the lightly haired slit between her legs. Having done this her body then returned to the depths of her former sleep and nothing else moved or made a noise in the room.

Her nipples now had small goose bumps on their surrounds and were at maximum hardness and had started to quiver as if being gently caressed but there was only the girl alone in the bed. Her breathing had started to quicken and her eyes now slowly opened as her level of arousal pulled her from her slumber. She laid there enjoying the pleasure being administered to her nipples and the feel of intensity that now emanated all the way to her loins. 

It was back, she was not fully aware of what "IT" was but it had visited her before in the quite of the night and had ministered to her pleasure. She had been scared at first but the heights of pleasure it had bought to her were so great that she no longer feared it and actually looked forward to its next visit. Her nipples now ached as the were gently tugged and sucked and the arousal was now starting to course to every area in her body but one area especially was responding above all else with a flood of moisture. 

As usual she was now fully awake but she was unable to move, whatever it was had the ability of totally immobilising her body which tended to heighten her excitement even more. Her breasts could now be seen to be moving under some external but invisible pressure as they were kneaded and the nipples tugged and elongated to the point of almost being painful but the pleasure far outstripping any discomfort. Ripples could be seen running down her body from invisible fingers as the played and caressed their way down and across her stomach. Her nipples were now aching from the prolonged attention but the moisture now flooding her cunt belied any real pain only an intense pleasure that continued to build.

Her legs were now being pushed apart further and further and she had no power to stop them even if she had wanted to. The light mane of pubic hair glistened with her own wetness as the lips of her pussy now started to spread apart in accordance with her legs. The manipulation of her body had temporarily stopped as her legs spread apart to display the core of her arousal, the lips now separating to give the first glimpses of the wet, pink flesh that lay beneath. 

Something was different about this "visit" it was more urgent and not as gentle as before. The previous visits had all been similar with gentle caressing and sucking bringing her to the point of orgasm several times before eventually pushing her over the edge into a chasm of pleasure and desire. Afterwards when she had recovered from the intensity of her orgasm she felt sated and complete but this visit had an urgency and roughness to it she had not experienced before.

As she lay there totally exposed, her nipples now aching with a pleasurable pain and her legs spread apart to the point of total exposure of her innermost flesh she started to feel a sensation she had felt only on that first night, fear. This was not the same "IT" that had been on previous visits. This was something different entirely; there was more urgency, more power and more lust with this current visitor. Her body could still not move and she felt a shiver of fear run down her spine as the ripples in her skin now ran upward along her thighs heading towards the parted lips of her cunt as their final destination. 

A wet tongue could now be felt licking up and around the exposed lips of her sex. Not entering but teasing and prying up and down each lip before eventually settling at the base of her cunt and exerting an inward pressure until she could feel the tongue invading the entrance to her cunt and being rewarded with a fresh flood of her excited juices. She had no control over her emotions and while fear was still prevalent her body betrayed its own level of heightened sexual excitement. The invisible tongue was now working its way up down her slick slit missing the engorged clit at the top but plunging into her depths at the bottom of its stroke and drinking at her juices. She could hear her own wetness as the tongue worked its way further and further into her until it hit the barrier of her still intact hymen. The soft pressure of the tongue at its full extent gently exerted a soft pressure on the tiny opening of her virginity but was far from enough to break through the soft tissue. It caused sensations that screamed out to be continued and followed through on but it was more than the phantom tongue or any other tongue for that matter was capable of. She was certain that her first orgasm was inevitable when suddenly everything stopped, she was still unable to move or speak but with no hope of being able to bring herself over the top she had no choice but to lay there and feel the emotions of her pending orgasm start to drain away. 

She began to think that her phantom lover had left when suddenly she felt lips directly on her still engorged clit. They sucked the clit from its protected haven and continued to suck and extract the nub of flesh from the hood until it stood bare and exposed. From her prone position she could see the small knot of flesh slightly protruding from between her legs where it had been teased and stretched. The sensations waivered between pain and almost blinding arousal and she felt the first surges of her new orgasm begin to once again flood her already soaked sex. But once again everything stopped. She would have screamed in her frustration had she been able but her body was still ruled by her phantom and neither noise nor movement could ease her unbearable frustration. Her body remained totally exposed with legs still widely parted and her cunt now freely oozing her juices out over the lips and down to flood the puckered pink eye of her anus and pool on the sheets beneath her. She could sense nothing of her captive except for the continued inability to move.

Her breathing started to slow from the quickly diminishing first waves of undelivered orgasm and it was several minutes before she could feel a gentle brushing motion on her outer cunt lips. Something hard but warm was slowly and very, very gently rubbing itself between her lips with every pass becoming almost imperceptibly deeper. Her own juices now led and lubricated the new intruder deeper and deeper between her lips but there was no hurry or urgency and the new sensations continued to slowly and surely build. 

It was the sudden realisation of what was causing this new sensation that reignited the earlier fear that the girl had felt. That slow rubbing, the warm feel, the round and blunted protrusion that now freely glided up and down her slick cunt and parted the lips to further expose the pink inner flesh. She had felt a couple in her bare hand and had even gone down and sucked one after much coaxing from a high school boyfriend but this was the first time one had ever touched her there.

The head of the cock continued its slow but deliberate journey up and down between the slick lips, circling at the top to massage the exposed clit then slow pushing downward sliding the juices over and around the spread lips before once again dragging its head slowly back to the apex of its journey.

The girl's cunt was now totally exposed with the thin, pink hymen being the only barrier to her inner depths. The head of the cock was now exerting a gentle pressure on this barrier with every pass and each time the tiny opening had slightly more pressure exerted upon it.

She had never felt a cock in any of the previous visits as it had always been sensations created by lips, tongues and fingers but now there was no mistaking the urgency of the hard cock that was now titillating her virgin cunt. The cock had done another sweep of her pussy running between the lips before circling the clit and then the inevitable journey down again until it rested lodged between her folds with the head exerting gentle pressure on the tiny opening of her virginity. The cock now rested with a gentle pressure against the tiny opening with maybe a third of the head resting inside the virginal opening. Here it stopped, not withdrawing but not proceeding and the girl was almost delirious with passion wanting to thrust the shaft of flesh into herself but unable to move or even twitch to signal her latent and pent up passion and desire to lose her virginity right here and right now.

A new sensation started to infiltrate her heightened senses, lips were once again sucking on both her nipples, her clit was also being sucked and lavished and then she felt the tip of another tongue start to work its way slowly but very surely into her tight puckered anus. How could this all be happening at once and with the cock still embedded in the tight and stretched opening of her virginity? She was sure that she would die from pleasure if something did not happen soon. Her juices flowed freely and her body spasmed in rapture but still the orgasm was withheld. The cock was now exerting just slightly more pressure and she was sure that her virginity was at its limit and must surely break and allow the entry of her first ever cock but even this was to be denied to her as the hymen remained intact but stretched further around the invading cockhead. 

The level of pleasure increased to a point where she could hear a loud ringing in her ears that was persistent in its intensity when all of a sudden she realised it was the alarm clock on her bedside table and she was awake and bathed in a sheen of perspiration with the dull ache between her legs unreleased and her crotch bathed in her own juices. 

A dream or was it. Could it have felt so real but be a result of her sleep time thoughts and desires.