 The clock in the corner of her screen move slowly as she waits for noon. Her fingers rap against the desk, her leg bouncing, thinking of the "date" she has set up on lunch. So far her needs haven't interfered with work too badly. A few missed deadlines and the occasional long lunch out of the office haven't gone unnoticed, but her boss has been lenient. Accepting her excuse that it's a personal matter that she can't talk about.

Finally ticking over from 11:59 to 12:00 she gets up, grabbing her purse, and makes her way over to her coworker's desk.

"Are you ready?"

With a smirk on his face he nods his head in agreement. The fact that he's already eaten is obvious between the crumbs on his shirt and the empty lunch sack next to his keyboard. That and that smirk are two clues that tells her he already knows what to expect.

Rumors had been going around about her and her lunch dates with male coworkers. She never went with the same one twice. All of them having up a part of a club that meets around the coffee machine whispering to each other the day after. It didn't seem word had made it's way to management yet. If it had she expects they would've either fired her by now or taken advantage of her situation.

She leads, walking quickly with him in tow to the parking garage stairwell. He doesn't ask any questions about where they should go to eat, or whose car they should take. They don't bother to try and keep up any sort of pretense that it was just two coworkers going on lunch together any longer. Which is fine by her. She doesn't want to converse with them, just have them feed her and leave.

The stairs can lead down to the levels where everyone parks or up to the top floor. She goes up. It's risky, but no one ever parks up there and it's the quickest way of getting her fix. The heavy door thunks open and she steps out into the sunlight. Her eyes scan the parking lot and once she's sure no one else is up there turns back to him.

His hands are already working his belt buckle. She really should drag him around the outside of the stairwell where it's more secluded. An extra precaution she prefers to take. As soon as his cock is out though, she tosses that last bit of caution right out and drops to her knees before him. Her eyes captivated by the sight, salivating at the thought of it pumping her mouth full, swallowing down what she hopes will be a substantial load.

Wrapping her fingers around the base she takes its head into her mouth. Her lips clamp down form an airtight seal around it as she sucks on it, the vacuum causing her cheeks to form small depressions on the side of her face. She begins to work her neck, rolling it so that her lips slide back and forth just over the tip.

"Further."

The word comes out through a groan and his hands grab onto the back of her head. Letting it slip down slowly across her tongue. It hits the back of her throat and she steadily backs off before repeating the process. She prefers to move at this leisurely pace for two reasons. The first, the less energy she can expend the better. Second, she doesn't want to risk making a mess of her face as happens so often when she exerts herself excessively.

"More."

This time an impatient grunt followed by his fingers digging into her hair and applying pressure to push her head forward. If he wants more she'll gladly give him more. The closer his cock gets to her stomach the better. He guides her forward until he's at the edge of passing through into her throat. His hips buck against her face trying to get all the way down as she struggles to adjust her jaw and relax the muscles blocking him entrance. She finally manages it but not before gagging slightly. It's enough to allow a string of drool to spill out from between her lips and dangle from her chin.

With her nose pressed up against him she counts down the seconds. Each time she ends up in this position she times herself and now knows about how long she can stand it. When she hits zero and he still hasn't released her head she panics. Her hands come up, pressing against the front of his thighs, tears leaking from her eyes and slobber now running freely down the front of her red face. Just as her vision starts to get dark and blur she feels his cock start to kick. Each splashing against the back of her throat. She can almost feel it sliding down on it's shortened journey before splashing down into her stomach.

Her body's demands for oxygen become too great, overriding any satisfaction she's getting from the cum flowing down and filling her. The gagging increases until she spits up. Saliva mixed with cum explosively gush out around his cock and through her nose. Breathing is suddenly secondary as she ceases beating on his thighs for her release. Instead they move to catch as much of it as possible. Her hands held below her chin blindly manage to catch some, but she knows she missed most of it.

His hands finally release her head. Gasping she hastily shovels everything she was able to capture into her mouth. Swallowing the mixed fluids until her cupped palms are empty before using her fingers to sweep up anything that remains on her face into her mouth as well. Her eyes closed, slowly sucking her fingers clean, feeling frustrated at how little she actually managed to consume.

Nearly passing out. A burning nose. Her makeup surely a mess. All of it, for nearly nothing.

"You can go now."

She dismisses him angrily as she grabs her pocket mirror from her purse. Her face still a shade of purple, makeup ruined, and a quickly drying wetness on her face and cleavage. There's no use in trying to reapply her makeup here, she'll have to do so in the office bathroom.

Standing she brushes her knees off and notices him still standing there.

"You're still here? Unless you can manage another load I'm done with you."

He looks back at her puzzled.

"Well, no I can't. I'm just wondering when we can do this again."

Digging through her purse for her wet naps she begins wiping herself down and rolling her eyes at him. She ignores him as she starts walking back to the office.

Occasionally this happens. She's tried it before, seeing the same guy more than once, but eventually they want more. It starts with them asking for sex. Then comes them asking her out on a date or worse, thinking they're already in some sort of relationship. When she had started picking from the pool of men at her office that it was better to be known as the office whore than as the cheating whore.

Halfway through the bathroom door a hand grabs her shoulder.

"Hey, we need to talk."

Oh god, her boss. Today's lunch had been quick but yesterday's hadn't. He had watched her as she walked back into the office and sat down at her desk. The disapproving look in his eyes telling her his patience was about to run out. It was either time for another talk or for her to finally get fired. Either way her nervousness makes her queasy as she follows behind him.

In his office she sits down and waits while he closes the door and shuts the blinds. The options have changed. He still might fire her, or maybe he's finally heard the rumors. Still wanting more, she hopes that he's heard the rumors. Just in case, she reaches into her bag and pulls out an extra strength cough drop and allows the analgesic contained inside to start pre-emptively numb her throat.

He finally sits and stares before turning his attention to his computer and clicking a few times.

"We need to talk about this."

He swivels the monitor around so they can both see it. The security camera footage playing makes her realize this is much worse than just being fired. Video recorded just a few minutes ago shows her clearly on her knees in front of her coworker, head bobbing, his hands on the back of her head as he shoves her down all the way.

"I, I, listen sorry, it was a one time thing. It won't happen again. I promise, he and I just"

His eyes still on the screen he closes the window and brings up four more. But from a different angle, pointing to where she had thought she was hidden. All of them showing her blowing different coworkers. There's no escaping what is going to come next, she's going to be fired.

"Now, I'd heard the rumors. But I wrote them off as just that. Until..."

He gestures at the screen before continuing.

"Building security sent me these. With this evidence I'm left with two options. Either I can fire you. The other,"

Walking around to the front of the desk and standing in front of her.

"well, I'm sure you can figure it out."

The situation has gone from disaster to blessing. She won't have to worry about losing her job anymore. Even better, she'll get another load to swallow. She might not have learned how to control herself fully yet but, so far she it hasn't seemed to hurt anything. Maybe she can live with this.

Her hands give him her answer, unzipping his fly and pulling his cock out. The cough drop still dissolving in her mouth she uses her hand to start stroke him to fullness. A single drop of pre-cum appears, she collects it, spreading it around and the others that follow. Her hand, now allowed to slide easily back and forth along the length of his shaft, picks up speed.

She becomes mesmerized by his balls. With all the sets she's seen she can tell when they're full. When they'll give her a full mouth and belly. The kind of load that can last her until tonight instead of an hour or two. Her free hand cups them, testing their weight and giving them a light squeeze. Temporarily diverting her attention away, she can feel her mouth and throat numbed and the cough drop just a tiny speck before dissolving completely. Mouth finally empty, she doesn't want to waste anymore time in filling it again.

Her head bobs furiously, not giving herself anytime to warm up, fucking her face for him. With no makeup left to ruin, she's free to do whatever it takes to get what she needs from him. It doesn't matter that her throat is numb allowing him to slide straight back. Her jaw is what starts to feel sore, then her neck, and as the time ticks by so do her knees.

Pulling him from her mouth she gives in completely. It's time to use every trick she's picked up from personal experience. Time to act like the dirtiest whore she's seen in the porn vids she's been watching and studying for moments like this.

Stroking his saliva soaked cock she looks up into his eyes.

"Come on, give me that cum."

With wet slaps she starts slapping her face with it.

"I need it. I literally can't live without it."

Letting his cock rest on her forehead, her mouth descends to his balls. She starts running her lips along them, tonguing them, making sure he can feel the spit and drool she leaves behind. So close to them, picturing the amount of cum they'll feed her, she has a thought. She wants to watch. To see just how much is really in there.

"Empty these balls for me."

As she comes back up from between his legs she runs her tongue along the underside of his cock.

"Don't you want to fill this mouth up. I promise I won't waste a drop."

Sitting back on her knees she opens her mouth and stretches her lips wide with her fingers.

It seems to do the trick. He starts cumming. His cock free, bucks and fires the first shot of cum high before landing across her face. The thick splotch of cum runs from her temple down to her jawline. He grabs it in time to attempt to aim the next shot into her mouth. It splatters under her nose and upper lip, only a small bit dangling into her mouth.

Her eyes stay transfixed on the heavy loads flying through the air as he guides them into her mouth. Each one filling her more and more, landing with slashes against the puddle forming and beginning to cause her cheeks to bulge. It lasts forever, putting her the closest to feeling aroused she's felt in a long time. They start coming in thinner, smaller, spurts and she is unable to control a disappointed whine that bubbles up through fluid in her mouth.

The last few drops hit her face as he shakes them from the tip of his cock. Her mouth full beyond the brim, the thick white liquid seeps down across her face and fingers. With no other choice she pushes her lips together forcing more from her mouth. It's enough to let her swallow the three times it takes to get it all down.

"I told you I wouldn't waste a drop."

She says taking a quick pause to lick her hands clean.

"You're right, you did. Still though, you're fired."

Surprised her head swings up quickly forgetting about the cum she was just wiping up from her chin.

"You heard me right, your behavior has been grossly unprofessional. The paperwork was already signed before you came in here and security has your things in a box at the front desk."

She stammers, trying to find the right words, but fails. There's nothing she can do. She can't use what just happened against him. It's her word against his and he has all of the evidence. 

"You really shouldn't be on the property anymore. Please go. NOW."

Stumbling up off her knees she starts to walk shamefully out of the office. Her former coworkers stare. She's completely forgotten the mess still left on her body all she can think of is how they've ruined her life.

In the watch station the shift changes and a new monitor takes over.

"How is she doing?"

The man leaving for the day points at the screen with a chuckle.

"She just got fired. You should watch the tapes from when it happened. Viewers are going to love it."