 We don't know where we come from. We don't know what brought us here. We only know we are alive, and me and my brethren are still searching for the answers. Who am I? I have no name. I am one in tens of trillions. Names would be impossible. Numbers? Nope, wrong again. We all are assigned designations as these species do. The intelligent are our elders, leading us to knew beings everyday. And we cannot stop searching, for our home, our birth, our creation site.

"The new X-K bacteria, shown here, is a new type of steroid. It stimulates your muscles, all your muscles. You run faster, jump higher, throw farther, hit harder. X-K is for internal use only. Talk to your doctor if X-K is right for you." The headline bothered Ryan. He had never understood the reasons behind steroids and muscles enhancers. Too many side effects. He enjoyed the simple, hectic life without too much spare time. He worked hard so he could play better on his days off. Ryan, 23, works for the U.S. branch of security for new germs and weapons. It was exciting to see new materials everyday, but the chances of being involved was low. Skinny and sort of lanky, at 6 foot, brown hair and eyes, Caucasian, and appropriate number of toes and fingers. He read the leaflet again briefly, and crumpled it up and threw it out. He didn't care about what new drugs did to people, as long as he wasn't involved with it. He stepped out of the shelter of the awning into a March gale wind, rain splattering his face. 

The cold air whipped around his face, and stung his cheeks. He wrapped himself in his jacket, and hurried on. His next meeting was across town, and in rush hour traffic. Trudging down the sidewalks, he noticed young children hanging out together, drinking pop, laughing, wearing interesting clothes that make you stare at them. They were lounging in front of a bank. All but 2 were joking, and those 2 were in the back alleyway there. Ryan's journey across town involved going through that alleyway, so he decided to go quickly by, and try not to disturb the couple. Upon his entering the alleyway, the couple broke and started back towards the group. The girl, at around 16 or 17, sneezed in Ryan's direction, and blinked her eyes, as if clearing her head. She blinked again, then threw the boy off of her, as if his presence would kill her. Ryan shook his head at the relationship, and continued on his way.

We had intercepted one of the beings. She was a female, roughly 19, and had no intention of trying to go out with the males. Her mating pattern was erratic, and seemed to be based on a once a few deca-days or so. They meant nothing to us, but we are fascinated by them. We entered through her mouth, and ceased control of her mind instantly upon breathing us in. We learned all we could of the female, then she had sneezed. We weren't expecting it, and were dragged along by the current of air. We landed on a substance of hard and cold feel, a rubbery but leathery feel. We made our way up to the head, and entered when the male breathed in. Then we set to work on his brain.

Ryan knew something was wrong when he found he couldn't move. He had just started to exit the alleyway, and was held back. His legs wouldn't move. He pulled them, yanked them, yelled at them, nothing moved them. His arms came next and then his body. His head remained unfrozen though, so he looked around and he sought for help. Upon thinking to calling for a woman's help, his jaws clamped shut. Ryan was wheeled back into the ally, and was released. Breathing again steadily, he thought to himself, 'God, I need a vacation.' And then to his ultimate surprise came the answer. 'What's a vacation?' Ryan shook his head, trying to clear it. It was probably just his muttering, probably he thought. Ryan willed himself to the meeting, and upon entering the building, felt a need to barf. He stumbled into the building, and into a guest bathroom. After entering the bathroom, Ryan's sickness fell away. He now heard the voice again, 'You can hear us, yes?' and weakly Ryan whispered 'Yes.' Ryan then felt pleasure in an adrenaline rush in his torso and in his crotch. The things inside him made him feel good though, so he decided to answer more of the questions. 'What are you?' he asked quietly, in spite of being in a public bathroom. 'We are the unknown, unmentionables, not visible beings sent here to help you.'

'And how did you come here.?'

'Frankly, we do not know.'

'Then how do you know you're real?'

'We do not understand. Please elaborate.'

'How do you know that you are really alive and in my head?'

'We do not. But we do not question our sudden appearance.'

'Very well. What are you?'

'Again, we do not know. We have just appeared, from nowhere it would seem.'

'Well, can I at least control my own body?'

'Of course, just let us know if you need us.'

'Why would I need you?'

'We don't understand it either, but the innermost wishes of your human body become possible, and attainable. For instance, that man wanted to use the girl to his advantage. The deal was for 5 minutes before we left. He agreed, and the girl went with him here. We didn't do anything, but it happened. We are unable to give you anymore information on what, and who we are. Maybe you will discover it for yourself.'

Ryan was still standing in the alley. He turned his head minutely, then sharply. The muscles felt almost rusty. He looked behind him. The group of kids were gone, replaced by a group of older men and women. Ryan gazed at them, wondering what they were doing there, outside the bank, but when he checked his watch, a total of 5 minutes, 48 seconds and 21 milliseconds had gone by. He needed to get to that meeting.

Stumbling out of the alley into the harsh wind again, Ryan was soaking in a few seconds. He thought furiously "Damn this rain. Stop for God's sake!". Then the most extraordinary thing happened. The rain just suddenly stopped. He shook his head, and thought about the sudden change. "What the hell happened? Why did it stop all of a sudden? I mean, it's nice and all, but I'm still soaking wet." Instantly, Ryan felt a warmth and was dry in a blink of an eye. The building was across the street, and Ryan hurried in. He caught the elevator, and prayed he wasn't too late. Had he glanced at his watch, he would have seen the numbers go backwards.

'Ah, here he is ladies and gentlemen. Ryan Darrings, our campaign manager. Tell us, what do you have for us today? Some new idea on killing people with the scary XY flu or something?'

'No sir, what I have is something altogether different.'

Ryan was a researcher in germs and weapons. He was also a science-fiction nerd. Things like the infection weren't hard to cope with. He pulled out of his pocket a miniature replica of a modal germ to vaccinate those with cancer. But he didn't know that. He had just really hoped he had something that would make him rich.

The meeting was a success, and the money piled in. After a total of 3 years, Ryan had amassed so much money, he gave most of it away, just so others could benefit of it. He kept enough though, to live it up for as long as he lived.

~ 3 years later ~

'Hey Ryan, thanks for waiting. Those cars were just horribly slow today. You cured cancer and saved half the world from starvation, but can't you make the traffic better?'

'No if you still want to go to this party Meg.'

'Alright then, let's get it on!'

Ryan and Megan, his new girlfriend, were going to a dance club. Ryan had found Megan in a similar club, dancing for money and love. He had given her a home and a real job, but she still craved the nightlife. Now, as they headed for the Dark Alley, he was sure those freaky little things had left him. Meg had come to him out of sheer genius on his part, and they hadn't shown their faces since his life changed 3 years ago, if they had faces. The club was in sight when Ryan stopped Megan.

'Meg, before we go in, take these.'

'Okay, but what are they?'

'A little something I made up today.'

'Okay, but what's in 'em?'

'You'll see. Now take one, and give me one too.'

Ryan swallowed the pill and pulled Meg into him. She replied willingly, and his tongue probed her mouth, searching for her pill. It wasn't there, so he withdrew, smacking his lips on the way.

'Yummy,' he said, smiling.

Within the club many types of people were dancing and drinking. The DJ was spinning, the sweat was dripping, and the beats were breaking. Ryan got up on stage and pulled Meg with him, and started to dance up close to her, opening his mouth for another kiss. She plunged her face into his, and again their tongues probed, searched and licked each other. The lips were hot and sweaty, and so were they. Before long, Meg was reaching down with her left hand to his crotch, and his right up to her B cup chest. She moaned in his mouth, and he knew she was getting wet by her smell. The drug was also working. She was susceptible now to words and emotions, phrases and advances. Just as soon as she was about to go into his pants, he held her hands and told her to stop for a second. She did, and continued to dance to the new beat, faster and sexier.

He held up his hands to the crowd, and yelled again for the music to stop for a second. It did, because the DJ wanted to ice this bastard before anything that could tear this place down was said. The music was ripped off, and the crowd groaned. Some people yelled at him and others broke their little threesomes or foursomes to listen and wait. Ryan took the chance.

'My friends, I want the music as much as you do. So here is my offer. Take one of these, and the music goes on. Don't take one, and the music still goes on. And I tell you this. It is better than that Ecstasy shit. It's better than Marijuana. It's better than Coke, better than Hash, better than sex, okay? Here, try some, and put that fucking music back on!'

The crowd, cheering, went wild as the pills were flung into them. The sack Ryan held was empty, but the peoples minds and mouths weren't. The music started up again, the DJ popping one of the pills into his mouth. And pretty soon, most of the people had swallowed. The dance became something more than a rubbing of bodies. It had become a massive musical orgy. Every time the beat went down, the floor shook. Every time the songs yelled, so did the people. The kissing and making out were in full throttle, with girls under tables and guys having spasms of pleasure. The ideas of sex were rampant, and the adrenaline with sugar pills were going all out.

As one song came on, Ryan took Megan down from where she had been dancing on the stage still, and onto the floor. They rubbed against each other, and Ryan was sporting a massive boner in his pants. They were sweats, and easily available. Meg was wearing a leather halter top and a short plaid skirt of black and green. Her red stilettos came up to he knees, and her fishnet stocking barely covered what was left. Her arms were covered in a black leotard, cut with scissors to make finger and thumb holds. A pink boa was wrapped around her neck, and ruby red lipstick adorned her face. Long eyelashes covering blue eyes and tanned skin, she was hot in an interesting way. Ryan was wearing beige sweat pants, and black skating shoes. His ruffled hair was greased back, and long dark blue shirt was being pulled off, revealing abs. He was still dancing as the shirt came off, pulling Megan in very close to him.

He threw his shirt away, and kissed her neck. He sucked on it, and bit it gently. Meg sighed in pleasure and grunted in a sexy way, wanting more. Ryan kissed from her neck to her ear lobe, nibbling and sucking it. She was squirming in pleasure, and undoing her bra while still dancing. Ryan had given up the pretext of dancing, and was running his hands all up and down her voluptuous body. She accepted and wanted still more. Her bra came off, and Ryan went back to kissing her lips. Meg returned it greedily, and kissed harder when his roaming hands found their way inder her shirt onto her breasts.

As he rubbed them, he felt her nipples contracting and hardening. She kissed still harder, and Ryan with equal vigour. As his hands reached lower, so did hers. They reached each others crotch at the same time, the pills making them pulsate with energy. Ryan stuck his hands further down, and reached under her skirt and rubbed her bare pussy. She gasped and he pushed against her lips with his, kissing her hard. As he did, he rammed one of his fingers into her sopping pussy. Then she went into his pants, and squeezed his prick. It made him shudder, and she loved the quivering of his rod.

Still fondling her tit and pussy, while kissing, Ryan shook his pants a bit off. Meg got the hint, and yanked them down. There he was, Ryan, standing in the nude in front of tons of people. Not that he was alone mind. He just was on the floor. Ryan pulled his hand off Meg's tit and set to work on her skirt, which came off also with a yank. Meg stopped pulling on his dick and lifted off her shirt. Now she was mostly naked. She got down on her knees, and smiled up at Ryan. Then she opened her big mouth and swallowed about half of him, a good 4 inches. She was sucking and licking his head when another girl came up behind him, and started to rub him top to bottom. He loved the feeling, one woman sucking him, one woman rubbing him.

Ryan held onto the girl's arms and then pulled them over his head. He pulled her around to face him. She was about 5 foot 4, and had big tits, about D cup. They were free too, as was her crotch. Her areolas and nipples were rather large, and her stocky build was firm and well muscle toned. She stepped over top of Megan and started to rub her crotch onto his stomach and into Megan's hair. He rubbed her tits and got her nipples hard. He kissed her deeply, and although didn't give much back, brought on of his hands down to her crotch. She slipped one finger inside, then another. He fit 4 before she stopped accepting them. She slowly moved back and forth on his fingers. The feel of huge tits, a pussy, and someone sucking his cock and rubbing it too, was too much for Ryan. He fingered the girl rapidly and thrust harder and harder into Megan's mouth, until he orgasmed, and grunted in deep satisfaction as he felt the waves of cum ooze and spray into Megan's mouth.

When Megan had swallowed, the other girl pulled Ryan's hand out for a sec and let Meg get away before they went back in. Megan then began to play with the other girl's tits and ass. She was humping and caressing it gently, and the sight of it got him really hard, really fast, and it almost hurt. This time the other girl went down, but stopped, and then turned around, still kneeling. Then she bent over, and offered her ass to him. Ryan agreed, and plunged his way into her womb. After the shock of what had happened decreased, the fucking started slowly, then faster Meg got underneath the girl and licked her pussy while Meg's pussy rubbed against the girl's tits.

The girls were going at it very well when suddenly Meg lost her load, and sprayed it onto the girl's tits. The other girl came too, at the sight, and Ryan almost didn't make it out in time to come outside of her. He then held the girl's hands picked his way through the fucking and humping crowd. The DJ was still playing music, but he too was fucking some girl. Ryan and the 2 girls sat at a table with 2 other guys and 4 girls. Meg found that there was no seat for her, so she crawled under the table and started to blow Ryan. He just sat there and smiled, while the other girl sat and rested.

'So what's your name beautiful?'

'Jess,' she replied exhausted.

'Nice name for a good beauty. I like it, and you.'

'Thanks. Hey, what were in those pills?'

'Nothing much. Just a little dose of Vitamin AD'

'Really? Oh well. I thought it was E or something.'

'Nope, just something I made. Why don't you help please one of these girls?'

Jess got under the table with Megan, and suddenly one of the girls on the far side of the table jumped and started to spasm as Jess' tongue went to work. Ryan pulled Megan off of him, and turned her to one of the other men. She started to do him, when one girl, around 19 or so, came up to the table and sat on Ryan's lap. She didn't seem to mind and neither did he. As he sat there with her on his lap, her tits came into view as C cups, bigger than Meg's but smaller than Jess'. He took a hold of them, and nibbled on them. The girl squeezed him back with her pussy, and leaned close to his ear.

'I'm Heather. Who're you?'

'I'm fucking you, why?'

She giggled at that, and started to squeeze Ryan again. He had cum 3 times before, but he was still mostly strong. He pushed into her resistance, and she did too. Ryan lifted his eyes to see on of the men with a dazed look on him, and one of the girls having a spasm of pleasure. The other 2 girls were rubbing each other it seemed, and the other guy too. At the sight of Jess reappearing out of under the table with Megan rubbing their tits together, he came accidentally inside of Heather.

Strolling outside with his harem of 3 girls, he got into his Porsche and drove off towards his house, for a good long rest.

They had been watching him all this time. Their numbers had dwindled through the trillions, into the thousands, the last of their kind, but the most powerful. This man's will was strong, but not as strong as they. The images and ideas coming up from this man were extraordinary, and insightful, to what these beings were like. Their time was almost up. But one last job had to be done. He had to let them go.