 Dark, gloomy and raining. Perfect night for someone in my line of work. Everybody will be packed inside The Grey Wolf Pub tonight, all nice and tight like. A bump here or there with an "excuse me" apology and just like that they'll be a few coins lighter. All with none any the wiser. A few drinks, many stories, lots of laughter and maybe even bed a wench or two with any luck. And luck is what I was born with.

I'm what you'd call a wanderer. I travel from town to town, picking up odd jobs here and there from the guild or from anyone in need of someone with my particular skills. A thief if you will. Although, I prefer to be called an artist of procured goods. You need it, I can procure it like an artist. Thieves are greedy and tend to get caught because of it. I however, am an artist. To be able to pick a pocket while having a drink with my mark and never being given a second glance is the work of the true artist. A mark is the one I'm procuring from. In and out like a shadow without a sound and all the while I drink, sing, tell stories and occasionally dance with the ones I take from. A thief isn't what someone is, it is what they do. I am not a thief. I am a procurer. It is what I am, not what I do. I am an artist that nobody will ever know, but they will never forget what I am.

I have traveled here to this small hamlet in search of a new canvas on which to paint to show off my artistry. Scouting out the place from afar, soaked from my boots to my cowl, I decide I've let the place fill up enough to make my move. Besides, I just spotted a pair of beautiful aforementioned wenches enter said premises already wet for me. Now the problem is which wench first? Perchance both? Maybe. The blonde one was wearing a very tight red bodice that revealed her rather large assets, a black dress with a white cowl and I'm a sucker for large assets.

However, the other delectable wench is equally lovely. Her black hair is covered by a red cowel. Her white corset pales in comparison to her milky skin. Her assets may not be quite as voluptuous as her friends, but they're still ample enough. And that red dress fits her just right. First, it's time to go procure, then play later.

The ruddy street is a mud pit. Slippery as a greased up hog running away from a festival feast. I wipe my feet on the mud scrapper next to the entrance before entering the honey hole of picking pockets. The place is a typical pub along with rooms upstairs for travelers such as myself or for those in need of a quick service if you know what I mean.

It's a bit run down, but that gives it character. The fire place lights up the side where everyone is packed tighter than a virgin on a wedding night. While the rest of the place is sparsely lit, more for privacy than lack of candles. Behind the counter, the owner is a rather round fellow, but with arms of a man you don't want to mess with. I love traveling to places like this. The food, the drink, the stories and the lasses a plenty all make me feel alive. That, plus not a stinking guard in sight.

Taking an empty seat at the bar, I order a drink and sit back, enjoy the ale and people watch. My eyes dart to the serving wench bending over a table, smiling at the male customers as she places down some food, clearly trying to get a decent tip. If she bends any lower her cups might pour out. That would be a sight to see indeed. I'll have to order me some of that.

I wave her to me just to talk to her, but the gentleman next to me has other ideas in mind. He grabs her by the arm and begins to try and woo her with his drunken charm. She's clearly disgusted by his lack of manners when he tries to put her hand by his privates. "Wench! I need some service right here." His words are slurred, clearly drunk , so I take the opportunity to start procuring.

I put my arm on his shoulder and one in his pocket. "Hey bud, leave the wench alone." I wink at her. "Besides, there are plenty of other wenches here tonight for a fella such as yourself. There's no need to get yourself kicked out all ready is there? Here, let me buy you a drink." He glares at me then at her and let's go of her arm. He grumbles incoherently and goes back to his drink. I wave the owner over to get him a drink. I noticed him watching this go down, looking ready to tear him apart if it went any further.

Relief shows on both his face and in her beautiful green eyes that I just now noticed. I feel drawn to her in some way. Compelled by her aura of sex she exudes to find out how she tastes in bed. I've had my fair share of women, but there is something different about her.

Leaning in close enough to smell her sweat, which by the by is like a flower in bloom, I whisper in her ear and put a few coins in her hand discreetly.

"Thanks for the distraction. This should cover for his lack of dameanor." Her eyes shine as she notices the silver. I steal a look down her partly open blouse, enjoying her ample cleavage. "And mine as well." With that last statement I grab her firm behind. She jumps a bit with a startled oh sound and large smile on her face.

"My pleasure sir." Her eyes lock with mine, a predator stalking prey. Which of us is which is still debatable as we both try to leverage control. "Anything else you need," Her finger points into my chest and travels downward along with her stare and backup again. With just her fingertip I find myself losing the battle.

"Just follow me upstairs for our... full service." She walks away glancing back with a grin. Her firey red hair almost burning my wits away. Procuring can wait, but this girl won't. I gotta have her. Perhaps she can even be my apprentice. No woman has been able to capture my full attention as she has.

"I'll be back in a bit." She tells the owner who glances and nods his approval. There's something between those two beyond a working relationship. The way he looks at her, greed in his eyes, they have done this before. It's a trap. I'll bite.

Gulping down my drink for extra courage, I leave my payment on the bar. I begin to follow her up the stairs, right into her trap. I'm an artist of procured goods after all and danger is half the fun. Let the games begin and find out if she has what it takes to become a procurer or if she's just a common thief.

I see her enter the first room on the right, leaving the door open behind her. It's dark and clearly a trap. So I watch for signs of an attack. My senses are on high alert. The old lure in the mark with the beautiful girl routine and rob him blind trick. Been there, done that. Could already be another person in there waiting or me or just her. let's find out.

The moment I enter I'm attacked. The attacker is aggresive,

pinning me up against the wall and slamming the door shut. Pinning my arms up on the wall, I feel her sweet lips pressing against mine. Damn! She's strong.

Of course it's her. Did you think I'd let myself be taken by like that by anyone else?

Lips locked in pitched battle as our hands combat each others clothes into submission on the floor in a heap. In the little light penetrating through the window, her curvaceous body shines bright as a summers day. My eagerness is standing at full attention. We part from our heated lust to take in our true naked beauty. Moonlight silhouettes her every curve, accentuating her beauty. Her hair looks like a wild fire, both on her head and the little trail guiding me just above her special place. Her snow white skin is aglow. Her pink nipples are already hard in the chilly air.

Is she going to bed me, then steal from me or is there more to all this? I'm rather aroused by all the intrigue. The game itself is erotic. Who's stalking who. Who's the predator and who's the prey. Honestly, I'm really aroused by her sexy body. The rest is just fuel on the fire.

Taking control first, she seizes the opportunity and aggressively attacks my neck. Kissing me down slowly over my body until she drops onto her knees. Her hands control my body as her nails seek to touch ever muscle on her way down and I'm frozen in place, realizing I'm the prey. I lose, willingly.

My hands run through her hair as I peer down into her deep green eyes, staring right into my soul. I glimpse her dark desires and they are beautiful. She allows me to control her head and I give her my full trust pulling her into me. I gasp and my toes curl. She must be a sorceress cause her mouth is magic. Her tongue teases me while her hands stroke my shaft and play with my two bits. Wether she still robs me or not I almost don't care.

Bobbing her head back and forth gently and slow, stopping just before I climax like an artist. She knows what she is doing and what I am. That is why we're here playing this game. The game to take control. I've seen and have been with enough pub wenches to know she is much more than an ordinary wench. She is no thief either. If she was she would have had at least a knife and had robbed me already. No, this is something more than just robbery or sex or both. Great sex so far to be perfectly honest. Maybe the best head I've ever had. Damn! She's good.

A kiss on my tip. A taste of my stickiness. She grins before speaking. "Since I got you by the balls theif," she squeezes them for emphasis as I groan in pain. "I'll tell you that whatever you steal, the house gets half."

"I'll have you know that I am not a thief. I am a procurer of goods. An artist." She squeezes once more and sucks me simultaneously, both pain and pleasure. "0k, ok, ok!" I beg. "Half is fine, but I know you want more. I know you want to learn the art of the procurement." She squeezes yet again and sucks me. Hunger burning in those lovely green eyes. Have I mentioned before just how good she is? I got her now.

Questions swim in her mind. "You want to train me, is that it?"

"Yes! Why give half to the owner and get almost nothing back when you can learn from me and we can split it in half." I know she wants out of here.

"You'll take me with you then? I can leave this wretched hole for good? No more waiting tables and being owned by that oaf owner or being groped by disgusting pigs for little tips." She kisses my tip. "Not that this tip is little."

"Yes, I mean no, not that I'm small, but..." A large smile grows upon her gorgeous face right before she takes all of me in her mouth. "God, you're good. Don't stop. That's it baby. Yes!" I moan and rock my hips in concert with her mouth, holding on tight to her head. The pain of her squeezing I must say is exciting, until she pulls away again.

Either she is playing me to get me to procure more for her and her owner or she really wants out. "Then it's settled. At the end of the night we meet here and you show me your goods."

"I think you already have seen my goods." I can't help but add.

Laughter like music leaves her lips. "Very funny and yes it is impressive, but you know what I mean." She starts up my mix of pleasure and pain once more to my delight.

"So, you do this often?" I moan the words. Why am I even talking?

Stopping again. ''This? No. The thieving yes."

"So, why me? Not that I'm complaining or anything." I want her to finish ever so badly. but her story is enticing.

Looking up at me she explains."Usually this is done with a knife to the throat, but as for you, I think you're cute and I knew there was something more to you than meets the naked eye." We stare at each other for a moment of contemplation. "I'll ask you the same. Why we?"

"The same as your answer. I see something more in you than meets the naked body. I mean eye, the naked eye." I get her to laugh at that.

"Sure you did. And just what do you think of my naked... eye?" Her eyes control my body.

I answer from my heart that I feel is being stolen. "Stunning."

Red splashes her blushing cheeks. "I bet you say that to all the apprentices who's hearts you steal."

"No, you're the first. I've never had an apprentice before and I don't steal hearts. They are given to me freely." Her mouth devours me whole. Her hands stroking and squeezing me in sinc. Faster and faster she goes making me moan and beg for more till I explode. Good thing the place is loud cause I am really loud. I hold her in tight, not that she would pull back with the way she sucks out every last drop. As I begin to soften she pulls away and finishes it with a kiss on my tip.

"My God that was amazing!" I feel weak in the knees as I try to catch my breath.

Her smile is captivating. "Glad you liked it." She licks her lips to clean up the rest of me . "So what do we do now?" I lift her off her knees reluctantly and sit on the bed.

"Well, we go back down stairs and you watch how I perform my craft, then we meet back here just as we would have to split up the coins and we can finish what you started. Afterwards, we vanish out the window. Gone, like shadows in the night."

"What about the owner? He'll get suspicious and come looking for me." Nervousness creeps it's ugliness across her otherwise angelic beauty.

"Not to worry, we'll be long gone before he catches us. You get him to have a drink at the end of the night and slip this sleeping potion into his drink." I reach into the pocket inside my shirt on the floor and hand her the potion. "It'll be your first test as my apprentice. When he's out, we'll have as long as we want to play." She looks at the clear liquid in the corked cylinder.

"As long as we want?" A devilish grin spreads wide.

I take her hand and stand up along with her. She's perfect in her nakedness. Pulling her into me, I kiss her sensually. My hands caress down her spine, over her ass, feeling how round it is. Spreading her legs, she grabs a hold of my hardening shaft and rubs it over her wetness. Tits rubbing on my chest with hard nipples drives me wild. I kiss her neck and down her chest. My hands traverse around her hips and up her curves until a plump tit fills each one. Fingers twist each nipple making her moan a sweet melody. My mouth begins to suck in as much tit as I can take while my hands search to finger her to a climatic ending.

Stopping me short, she pulls away, her breath in short gasps. "Not now. I want you truly, but we've pockets to pick and I have a lot to learn and if we start I'm afraid I won't stop." That hunger in her eyes burns my soul. She has stolen my heart with her eyes, her hands, her mouth, her body and her mind.

"Yes, my lady." I bow to her and with that, we get dressed, head back down stairs and I begin teaching the art of procurement. My mind is a buzz with dirty thoughts of her, but I must remain calm. Do what I do best. Procure goods.

It's time I buy some drinks and share. The artist paints his masterpiece. I pat my first mark on the back with one hand and steal coins from his loose pocket with the other. I tell stories to strangers and woo the hearts of the ladies as I pick their purses. All the while she watches me. I think I detect jealousy as I kiss my next victim. Good, maybe she does care for me after all. It's intoxicating, the feeling of picking pockets without being noticed .

From one drink, to the next tale of adventure, to the next kiss, I steal. A little from here and there. I'm in my element as I paint my masterpiece of procurement. The place is near closing and the smell of sex hangs heavy in the air and I'm hungery for it.

I have the two beauties I watched from afar enter here practically in bed now. I've seduced them both, yet I don't seem to want them. Not in the way I want my apprentice. One in each arm, I kiss them both. Meaningless, but still enjoyable. Just another mark. The real prize is watching me with jealousy burning in her green eyes. It turns me on, so I bury my face in the blondes bosom, shaking my face as she squirms and giggles, I pick her purse.

Now, the dark haired one begs my attention, pulling me away to do the same to her. I kiss her gently, traveling lower across her bosom. Her hands grab hold of my hair, pulling me in between her breasts. I shake my face in them as she giggles and slip a few coins from her purse. With their purses picked I feel I owe them some pleasure.

My hands reach under the table and up each dress. They're drunk and easy. We sit back and I enter each one. They both gasp simultaneously and I kiss them one after the other. Tongues mingle and I stop just to do the same to the other beautiful lady.

It's all a show. No real feelings for either of them. Kissing ceases and they both reach at the same time into my trousers and their hands fight to please me. I feel it, but I feel nothing at the same time. My mind travels to her. My fingers work their magic till they reach climax. They are loud, but it doesn't matter as anyone who's still here is doing something similar. I find myself wanting it to be her instead.

Next I know the two girls have their mouths on me. I hold their heads down. One sucking my nuts and the other bobs her head up and down. They alternate, then both stroke, kiss and suck me. I feel nothing for either of them even as I climax rather loudly. Hey, a head job is a head job. Two girls, of course I came. I'm not dead. It's just not the same as hers though.

They both lick up my mess. My fingers still please them both. Again, two girls. Still not dead. Gotta do what I gotta do, after all, I did manage quite a bit of coin tonight.

My redheaded apprentice charges over and spills ale all over us in a jealous rage. I pull my fingers out as they release me with a startled scream."Oh, I'm so sorry." She fakes condolences very convincingly. "Here, let me offer the two of you girls a room at no charge. You can dry off and sleep it off together, ok?"

Pulling me up with them they consent and say,"Come on up with us and finish what you started." A kiss from both on each cheek.

My redheaded apprentice pulls me back angrily. "No! I think he's had enough."

"You sure?" They ask together, pouting.

"Am I sure?" She squeezes my arm hard enough to leave bruises. "Ouch! Yes, I'm sure.'' I glare at her and receive a venomous glare.

Holding each other up in their drunkeness, they kiss erotically. Grabbing tits and asses. They part a little still holding on and sigh, "Your loss." Then, they dissapear up stairs. I want to follow them even though what I really want is my apprentice. Once more, two girls. Sex. I'm still not dead.

Finally the place starts to empty. She kisses me and tells me to wait at the bar. The owner calls her over and he smacks her ass and grabs her tits. She looks disgusted, but she whispers something in his ear. He looks over at me and back at her. He waves me over to them with a look of greed. She must have told him how much I took.

"Wench! Two drinks for me and our new friend here." He barks at her. Her back to us, I see her pull out the sleeping potion, pouring it into a drink and bringing them both over. "A toast to great riches." We look at one another and down the ale.

Her finger becons me to come here and follow her up the stairs once more. Deja vu. The owner laughs and waves us away. She pins me up the wall as last time. We kiss fiercely. Looking into my eyes she asks, "Are you ready to sleep?"

"No, cause you didn't put it in my drink. However, I am ready to bed you." I turn her over, pressing her against the wall. Pinning down her arms, I kiss her neck. Biting gently and sucking till I leave a mark. All the while she moans and groans.

''How do you know I didn't?" Her leg lifts up and around my waist. Her hips tease my privates.

Still holding her down, I stop kissing to explain. "Many reasons. First, you want to to be a procurer. Second, you love me."

We stare into each others eyes. Passion burning bright. "0k, thief of hearts. You got me. You win. You stole my heart, now take my body as well."

"No."

"What do you mean, no?" She looks angry.

I answer her question. "I told you, hearts are given freely. Besides, I didn't finish. Third, you already stole my heart." I feel her tense up.
