 His head pressed back into the pillow, one hand clenching the sheets, the other the hair at the back of her head, he groans as his cock trapped in her mouth twitches one last time.

"That was amazing."

She knows. Over the past few months, as she's sucked so many cocks that the number has reached quadruple digits, she's learned a thing or two about getting what she needs as quickly as possible.

But she still needs more from him. She can't live without it. Instead of releasing her hold on him she begins to roll her tongue along the underside of the softening dick trapped between her lips.

Wiggling against the bed he tries to push her head up and off of him.

"Hey! I'm too sensitive right now. Give me a few."

As he struggles she tightens her hold on him, sliding her hands underneath his thighs and digging her fingers in to prevent him from escaping.

"Really le-let me go."

With his stutters he starts to calm and she feel him harden. The head of his cock beginning to once again poke at the back of her sore throat. Relaxing her muscles she gives it entrance.

"Listen, this is rape. I'm d-d-done, I don't want anymore."

His hands grip her hair and as he gives one last, half-hearted attempt to extricate himself, releases a sigh.

Knowing number five is soon on the way she releases her own through her nose. Her's is a sigh of relief instead of pleasure. The burning sensation in the back of her throat, the soreness of her jaw, the intense, never ceasing need, prevents her from enjoying it any longer. It's a chore, a necessity much like cooking dinner.

The first one tonight, at the peak of her hunger, she had found sitting in his car in a grocery store parking lot. After assuring him it was no joke, she had climbed into the passenger seat. As she pulled his cock through the fly of his jeans her eyes widened in shock at the length and girth. Still though, she fulfilled her immediate need.

Sliding her lips down to the base she felt her lips brush against the cool metal of the zipper as her eyes began to water and she focused on her breathing. She had attempted to stay just in that position, performing the same trick of rolling her tongue, but he hadn't been satisfied.

Wrapping his hands up in her hair he had begun working her head like a toy, pulling it up and forcing it back down repeatedly. Her watery eyes turned to full on tears streaming down her face as, despite her experience, she gagged with each forceful thrust down.

She persisted though. The hunger too great to resist the abuse. Until one last aggressive push down her throat, he came. His hands pressing her down, his hips rising up off the seat to try and bury itself as deep as possible.

Despite his size and emphatic grunt as he emptied himself directly into her stomach, it was such a pitiful amount of cum. But still enough to hold her over for a little bit.

As she made her way out of the vehicle, wiping the spit from around her mouth and chin shoppers stared as they passed. The sight of her, covered in spit, tears, ruined makeup, bleeding lips from the zipper and a combined look of shame and continued hunger. After cleaning herself up she'd gone on the prowl for more.

Her second load, she received in the park. Cruising the streets, hungrily looking, she spotted him sitting on a bench near a playground. Approaching him she let him know what she wanted. Initially he protested, saying he needed to watch his children. Just like the man whose dick she is currently working, he gave in.

She dragged him back behind a set of bushes as he yelled back over his shoulder that he would only be a moment. As soon as they were out of sight she wasted no time in dropping to her knees, unbuckling his pants and pulling them down to his thighs. Before he could complain about being so exposed she was wrapped around his cock and bobbing her head energetically.

It's only a couple of minutes before he warns her and asks where she wants him to cum. Without answering she slides her head back so the tip of his cock rests just past her lips, allowing her tongue to flick against the underside. A few seconds later she feels it begin to jump and the warm fluid fill her mouth. It keeps filling her mouth, spurt after spurt till her cheeks bulge and her eyes widen in surprise as she looks up at him, his eyes clenched shut and his jaw clenched tightly. She tries to swallow and chokes slightly causing some to slip between her lips and dribble down her chin.

Finally the flow stops and she's able to swallow the rest down with a few gulps as he apologizes for the massive load she had to swallow. It had been a while he explains. Scooping up the remnants from her chin and into her mouth she hardly hears him though. So lost in the satisfying feeling of fullness she feels.

She does hear the sound of a throat clearing off to the side though and they turn in unison to see the police officer standing there watching them. Suddenly spooked the man takes off running, his pants still around his thighs he waddles more than runs as his cock bobs in front of him all while trying to pull them back up around his waist. As he runs away she sits there frozen on her knees knowing there's no escape.

The cop stares for a moment at the back of the retreating man before turning back to her. First he asks if she's a prostitute and she denies it. Looking into her eyes intently he seems to believe her. He then asks if she wants to go to jail and she shakes her head no and begins to plead with the officer. Approaching her he explains that he thinks she already knows what she'll have to do while extending a hand and helping her up before cuffing her.

Leading her to the car and putting her in back he lets her know he obviously can't do anything about it there in the park. The door shuts and she sits on the hard plastic seat, the metal cuffs pinned against it and digging into her back, as he climbs into the front and begins to drive away. Through the streets and down the highway a short way before pulling off into an industrial area and behind a warehouse before parking.

When the door opens she scoots out and stands, waiting for instruction. His arm loops through her arm and pulls her over behind the car and shoved down across the trunk. She feels her skirt get shoved up around her waist and the sound of a belt unbuckling and his pants unzipping. Unable and too afraid to move she just hopes that he isn't going to stick it in her ass and that if he's going to fuck her, hopefully he'll at least cum in her mouth.

Relieved, but still frightened, she feels him pull aside her panties and begin pushing his way inside of her. Despite literally hungering for cum, she's more cum hungry zombie than slut. She doesn't get any sexual gratification from it only the feeling you get from eating a meal. Because of this and her fear, he has to shove himself roughly inside of her without any of her natural lubrication. It hurts and she twists her face in discomfort as he bottoms out, his balls pressed up against the back of her thighs.

Her torso slides back and forth across the trunk with each thrust into her. Picking up speed as her body starts to naturally defend itself from the intrusion and provide lubrication, the sound of his balls slapping against her reaches her ears. Without warning she feels her arms pulled back roughly as he grabs the short metal chain between the cuffs. The cutting pain in her wrists causes her to cry out and he chuckles, pulling back even harder.

Pulling out he uses them to pull her up off the trunk and spin her around before pushing her down to her knees. His cock, covered in her juices hovers just a few inches in front of her face, his hand wrapped around it, stroking it quickly. The first jet of cum flies out and hits her just above her eye, the next splatters against her cheek, then in her hair, and the last two against the lips of her now open mouth. Frustrated that so much was wasted she desperately tries to lick as much as she can from her lips. He helps her out, using his cock to smear the cum across her face before shoving it, coated in both of their fluids, into her mouth.

It's just a taste though as he pulls it right back out and begins to straighten himself back out. Her tongue back out, frantically licking around her lips, he bends down and releases the cuffs. Thankful for finally being able to use her hands she doesn't even pay attention to the relief that it provides, nor does she listen as he laughs and tells her she's free to go. Her hands and fingers too busy trying to get every drop that had landed on her face into her mouth.

She snaps out of it when she hears the car start and pull away. Noticing that she has her hair in her mouth trying to get the cum that landed in it while her eyes scour the concrete in front of her for any that might have landed there. Spotting a small wet patch between her legs she runs a finger through it and spits the hair out of her mouth. Ashamed but unable to stop herself she sticks it into her mouth and sucks it clean.

Satisfied that she's finally gotten all of it, except for the small bit that had dripped down her forehead and into her eye causing it to burn, she looks evaluates her surroundings and her options. There must be something or someone nearby that she can use to get back home or to her car.

After a short walk out of the industrial park she spots a gas station. Just like the parking lot of the grocery store just a few hours ago, the patrons stare at her and upon entering the bathroom and looking in the mirror she sees why. Her lips are red and puffy as well as still scratched from the zipper earlier. The skin of her face is coated in what little semen she was able to retrieve earlier, now dried and stuck to her skin. The brown hair covering her head is clumped together from the police officer's wild spraying of her face. Her bright red, irritated eye.

With a quick wash of her face she's back out of the bathroom and into the parking lot. The pumps deserted she spots a man leaning against his car and smoking a cigarette. Even when it's enough, it's never enough, and she starts imagining swallowing one last load for the day. She approaches him and makes an offer, a blowjob in return for a ride back to her car.

That's how she ended up here now, with him cumming down her throat for the second time.

"God, enough. I can't take anymore."

Her eyes turn up to his face, flushed, and screwed up in a face of pain as his oversensitive cock slips between her lips and flops back against his stomach. Five loads in four hours has left her full, but also with a slightly upset stomach like a kid who's eaten too much candy. A burp bubbles up and out her mouth filling the room with the smell of semen.

"Sorry. I just wanted more. Will you take me back to my car now?"

A relieved but drowsy voice replies back to her.

"Can you just use my phone to get a ride share?"

Thankfully, a female driver shows up. Her car still there, despite having left the keys in the passenger seat earlier in her haste, she drives home and sits down on the bed. Staring into the mirror atop her dresser she addresses them. The ones always watching. The ones that did this to her.

"What have you done to me?"

Many miles away, they sit at the screens, seeing what she sees and hearing what she hears. Her eyes showing sadness and frustration in the reflection as they make their notes.