 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

For Dear Ms. Alice. Please enjoy...

********************

My work is messy, and sometimes unsavory. But it pays the bills, I suppose. And I do enjoy the end product. My clients come to me when they are in the most desperate need. In need of new life. For those poor women who can't conceive children, I am the last line of defense. My technology reshapes the female uterus to be the perfect receptacle for child bearing. The process is painful, but it works and that's what people pay me for.

I take my work very seriously. I slaved over the creation of the technology and my time is incredibly precious. I've treated diplomats, ambassadors, and even members of royal families. My work is probably the greatest thing to grace the human race since penicillin. It's true I'm a little touchy when it comes to the importance of it being doubted. I had a client coming in soon. A Ms. Peterson. 

She came in and sat down on the other side of my desk. She smacked of big money and I knew she'd be happy with her results. This was just the consultation appointment. We use this time to talk about the procedure. 

"Hello Doctor. Thank you for seeing me. I know your very busy."

"Nonsense Ms. Peterson, every person in need of me may find me here. So let me start with what the operation entails."

I opened my information folder but Ms. Peterson interrupted me. 

"Doctor I heard of something recently and wanted your professional opinion on it. There is a woman. She runs a private company and her work is a lot like yours. She helps woman who can't have children. Her name is Dana McCallister. Have you heard of her?" 

I stood up quickly from my desk and turned my back to Ms. Peterson. Stupid bitch. She had no idea what she was even talking about. 

"Ms. Peterson, let me explain something to you. Dana McCallister runs a whorehouse that does charity work. Have you heard of how she "helps" these women? She has sex with them. She's got a disgusting horse cock and uses her filthy super sperm to knock up barren women. Is that what you want? To mate with that freak?"

I was close to screaming and my skin burned. That disgusting whore had been taking my business for years now. Her methods were abominable. Everything about her made me furious. Even her appearance was an affront to me. Instead of dressing like a professional she dressed like some punk whore. Her shorts barely covered her ass. Her vulgar breasts always bulged bra-less under a tank top or some see through skin tight blouse. On her feet were thigh high socks and All Stars. And yet she attracted almost as many clients as I did. 

Maybe it was time to give her a foot up the ass. Her work was unethical. If I reported her she would have to give up her meddlesome business. It would be easy to find her company. It had one of the most childish and vulgar names: The Happiest Ending. How immature could one person be. Ms. Peterson had left after my minor explosion. If she was contemplating going to Dana McCallister for help then I'm glad she was gone. I don't have time for the degenerate type.

I left my office and told my secretary to take the rest of the day off. I drove to Dana's building and sat in front in my parking space stewing. That jumped up futa whore! She had the audacity to compete with me?! I was her superior! This whore should be taught her fucking place. It wasn't the way of things. And gutter trash like her didn't deserve to be in the position that she was in. 

The building was in between a Jamba juice and a yoga place. And these clueless imbeciles didn't even realize what type of travesty is happening inside. Well soon everyone would know. I went inside and was dumbstruck. There were women sitting in chairs against the wall to my left and right. If you were walking straight through you'd pass two wall panels that looked like chunks of an in complete hallway. There was a unified sound coming from what looked liked wall television sets on both wall panels. There was skin slapping rough against each other and moaning. 

Porn?! These women were watching porn in the waiting room! My body clenched in anger and disgust. These pigs. Huffing and squirming like dogs in heat. And right in front o each other. Without giving another look to the depraved group of women I marched straight up to the information desk. There was a very beautiful pregnant women typing something up on the desktop computer in front of her. For a few seconds I just stared at her. She was working as if there wasn't a visual representation of present day Sodom and Gomorrah happening less than ten feet away from her. When she looked up at me and gave me a cheery smile I honestly believed that she was crazy. 

"Hello, ma'am. Do you have appointment?"

The idea left a sour taste in my mouth. I felt my stomach curl as I imagined that beasts rutting on top of me. 

"An appointment? This is a brothel. Not a hair salon! I want to see Dana McCallister now!"

The woman's brow furrowed together and she looked at me as if I was the crazy one here. Me the crazy one?! Who the hell did this receptionist think she was? I could do her job in my fucking sleep. She laughed and picked up the landline phone behind. After a few buttons she was connected to some one. 

"Hello Fran, is Ms. McCallister with anyone right now? No? Could you please tell her that there is a woman to see her and she might want to bring Briggs and Simmons with her. Thank you. Good-bye."

She looked up at me with the same cheery smile as if it was a copy and paste motion for her. 

"Ms. McCallister will be with you in just one moment ma'am, would you like to sit down in the waiting area?"

"And get the clap from one of these seats?! No, thank you."

I stood impatiently waiting for Dana to get there. My mind kept coming back to the fact that there was literally sex noises coming from behind me. I tried to be as calm as possible but this experience was equivalent to sitting in a puddle of hobo's piss. By the time I heard the door to the back room open I was ready to burst in there myself. Dana came out with two other women. Her body guards? That was so childish. Dana was breaking seven feet and she was built like a contestant of the Strong Man contest.  

"Dr. Silverstein. What a great pleasure. Don't tell me you've come for a taste of all of this."

Dana flexed her muscles and smirked down at me. I bit the inside of my cheek and felt even angrier as I tasted blood. 

"Dana I'd like to speak with in private. Now."

Dana's laughed echoed throughout the entire room. She walked closer to me and tilted her head down to keep eye contact with me. She dared to look down at me! I wanted to climb her like a fucking tree and rip off one of her ears. 

"Of course Doctor." 

One of her lackeys held the door open the door for us. Dana's stride was very wide so I had to walk faster just to trail behind her. She seemed the notice this and chuckled for most of the walk. Finally we can to a door at the end of a hallway. It had Dana's name plastered on the top. 

She walked right in and I followed behind her. It was oddly neat and clean. Her office was plain and very intelligent looking. There was a book case with what looked like over two hundred books. I stood there feeling even more uncomfortable before. I was probably preparing myself for the filthiest conditions. 

"I can practically feel your surprise cascading off of you Dr. Silverstein."

I felt Dana come up behind me and her breath tickled the curve of my ear. My breath hitched and I froze. 

"Would you mind if I called you Heather?"

She chuckled and I felt her heat even closer to me. My anger spiked again and I swung around to look at her. 

"Look McCallister, I didn't come down here to play games. You keep interfering in my business and I won't fucking have it! This place is a whore house and you put a horrible mark on the work that us professional do. I demand that you stop before I have to involve the authorities."

Dana chucked again. This time she walked around me and sat at her desk. I turned toward her and tried to be as imposing as I could. Dana kicked her feet up on the desks. It was then that I took note of what she was wearing. Her legs were bare and on her waist was a skin tight pair of shorts. They were practically underwear! 

She had tattoos all over her legs and on her feet were a pair of black platform boots. They had buckles and stickers all over them. Her shirt was a grey tank top that had one sleeve hanging off her shoulder. Her black bra strap was showing and I could see a piece of a large tattoo claw under it. She looked like the lead singer to a punk band. Along with her short purple pixie cut hair, Dana was completely out of place in office. 

"Heather, this is really the time for self reflection. You've obviously forgotten something. The work you do isn't legal either. Just because you wear a lab coat and people call you doctor doesn't mean your business is any less punishable than mine is. Your degree in obstetrics is useless."

I furrowed my brow at her. She knew what I went to school for? Her eyes were on me as her smug smile deepened.

"Oh yes Heather, I know plenty about you. I even know why you started this work in the first place."

Dana got up and stood at my right side. She got close to me and I felt myself freeze again. 

"Have you spoken to Nathan lately? Yeah, I even know about your ex husband. And how you were a young wife desperate to give your newly wedded husband the one thing he desperately wanted. A baby. But you couldn't conceive and hubby left you all alone. That's why you do the work you do isn't it? You don't ever want a women to go through the things you did?"

My mind flashed with the vision of me watching from the window as Nathan drove away. I snapped out of it when I felt the blood pooling in my clutched fist. I had broken skin with my finger nails. The pain had turned to black anger. Without thinking I turned with my fist aimed square at Dana's face. 

I don't think I have ever punched someone before. My hand throbbed intensely and I had almost knocked myself off balance. When I looked up at Dana she was clutching her cheek and grinning like the cat who caught the canary. 

"Well Heather that was impressive. Never excepted a "professional" like you to resort to violence. It'll be a shame for such a brilliant doctor and inventor to be brought up on assault charges. Nine out of ten the police will also discover what your "clinic" really is and shut you down. And I'll be there to make sure they do. What do you think?"

Even though I thought I had sprained my knuckles I dropped my hand to my side. All I could bear to think about now is losing my machine to the police. All my work. Years and years of research and development. It would all be gone. 

I heard Dana's voice in the back of my head but the humming of my thoughts drowned out most of everything. The door opened and a nurse kneeled in front of me. My hand was wrapped and a bottle of pain pills were sitting on the desk in front of me. 

I only really paid attention when Dana pushed a glass of water to my face. I looked at the cup and saw two blue pills in her other hand. 

"You're out of your mind if you think I'm taking some nameless drug. Especially not from you."

Dana laughed and opened the bottle to shake out two more pills. She popped them in her mouth and downed more than half of the water. 

"They won't do anything to me. I don't have any pain to relieve. Well unless you count you clobber knocking me."

I sighed and grabbed the pills from Dana's hand. I wasn't in the mood to chuckle with this lady. I washed the pills down and sat down. Dana was still standing in front of me. Her look was unreadable. I decided I should look at something that I could as an excuse.

"Are you really going to call the police? It was just a punch."

"No... I'm not. But I'm not just going to let it go. You attacked me, Heather. Something 

has to be done about that."

I sighed dejectedly and went into my purse. I opened my check book and held my pen against a blank check.

"Ok, how much?" 

Dana laughed and leaned against her desk again. 

"Heather I don't want your money. I don't need it. But there is something I do want. I want you on your knees."

Dana grabbed the front of her crouch and squeezed the bulge that poked out. I shoved my check book back into my purse and turned on my heel. I reached for the door and tried to open it. It was locked. I could see through the glass that one of Dana's guards were standing in front of the door. I turned back to her just as quick as I had turned away.

"This is bullshit McCallister! Fuck this intimidation bullshit! Your fake threats to call the police are falling short."

"Short? No, Heather. I don't make idle threats."

Dana grabbed her phone from her desk and tapped a few times on the screen. When she pressed the phone to her face my heart fell to my feet. After a few seconds she took the phone from her face and tapped the screen. There was one speaker phone ring and then there was an answer. 

"Malenburry PD, what's your emergency?"

"Hi I'd like to report an assault."

"Is anyone in need of medical assistance?"

"No. But I think the woman who hit me is still on the premise."

Our eyes locked and the smirk that stretched over her face was pure malice. Her voice was fake and the sugary sweet of a victim. 

"We'll send an officer to take your statement. What's the address?"

"167 Tillman Ave."

"We'll send someone right over."

"Thank you. Goodbye."

Dana hung up the phone and tossed it back onto the desk. She crossed her arms at me and held that smirk. 

"When the officer gets here what do you think I'll say? What do you think my employees will say? And how about you? Do you really think anyone would believe what you say? I'm not too sure. But if I said that the woman disappeared and that I had no idea who she was. A disgruntled customer. What do you think?"

I dropped my head down and I felt my eyes start to burn. 

"Dana please. I need to keep my business. My work is all I have. All I want."

"Heather. Look up at me."

I looked up and quickly wiped the lose tears from my cheeks. Dana face was stoic and flat. She put her hand under my chin and our eyes locked again. 

"Get on your knees and I can make this all go away."

She still wanted to humiliate me like this. But if I did this Dana would let me go. Back to my work. My work was worth everything. Even worth more than my pride. I sat my purse on a chair a few feet away from me. I did the same thing with my coat. I was left standing in front of Dana, dreading the only option I had. 

"Go ahead Heather. Quit stalling."

I fall forward and land on my knees. When I reach up to Dana's waist my hands were shaking hard. I heard her sigh and she undid her pants. My eyes were stuck as she pulled her cock free. I gasped and almost fell back. It was long enough to be barely two inches away from my lips. 

Her cock looked half hard but the veins were bulging and it had already broken ten inches. My eyes quickly flitted up to her face. Dana looked down at me pleased with herself and my reaction of her length. That smug bitch! The hate I had for this cow was immeasurable and if there was even a moment when I had the upper hand I would take it. 

"Now Doctor I'm sure you're familiar with this so I won't have to explain it to you. Say 'ah'." 

I pressed my teeth together tightly and tried to look as defiant as I could. I'd have to surrender anyway but she wouldn't see me like like a beaten dog. I think she got the message and chuckled at me. This time she didn't retort. Another gasp was pulled from my lips as she gripped the bun in my hair tightly and yanked me towards her. 

Her smell was revolting and I got a front row fucking seat since her cock was pushed up against the side of my mouth. When she yanked again I opened my mouth to yell out. In that half second of time Dana shoved the tip past my lips and started skull fucking me. I could barely get five inches in my mouth but that didn't stop her from trying to donkey punch my throat with her cock. 

My face felt hot and spit flew everywhere. Every shove that Dana's hips made forced my throat to clench and buck in defense. I pushed and thrashed at her bare thighs it seemed to get her even more excited. Even more savage with my mouth. 

At one point Dana held my head still while her cock was pressed in as far as it would go. I struggled uselessly and saw my vision blue with tears. My body started to jerk violently as I felt the faint coming on. Everything got really hot and I felt my eyes close. It got cold again and I heard Dana let out a string of curse words. 

I came to soon enough to catch the first shot of cum on my face. I tried to recoil back but Dana still had my hair. I tried to scratch and punch and kick even harder but to no avail. She pressed the tip into my face so the squirts of her thick smelly cum pooled and ran down my face in big globs. Some landed in my mouth and I almost gagged. It was sickly sweet like corn syrup and just as thick. I felt sick to my stomach and stood close to throwing up. 

"You disgusting tramp! It smells like a dead goat's ass."

While I was coughing and gagging I heard Dana unlock the door behind me. Her hand was wrapped around the back of my neck and she yanked me off the ground. It looked like she was using me as a human shield as she lead me down the hall and into the lobby. We stopped right in front of the ladies in the waiting room. They all gasped and leered at me. How fucking embarrassing! I looked like a craven whore. 

"Ladies, I want you all to look at this woman. She thinks herself better than me and every single one of you. Yet here she is. Covered in cum like a filthy whore. And she had no choice but to bend to the will of someone she thinks is below her. Doesn't she look absolutely cheap? Come here ladies. Let's not waste the good baby batter."

The women got up and descended on my like seagulls at the beach. Two of them grabbed my hands and four other proceeded to lick my face and clothes. Everywhere drops of that filthy cum had fallen. It was sickening to watch. They were like puppies eating their own throw up. The women holding my hands let go to start licking me with the others. 

"That's enough ladies. Go sit. And I'll show you something splendid."

I felt Dana's hand grab the back of my button down and yank hard. I cried out and the buttons flew off and the shirt was torn off my arms. I tried to run towards the door but Dana was faster than me. She caught both of my hands and called her orderlies to hold me again. The cold air rested on my skin as I felt the shame settle in. Even though I was trapped I still pulled and kicked at my captors. 

My skirt, slip and stocking were torn off the same way. My hair fell loose after all the thrashing around and I stood in front of the ladies completely bare. 

"Lay her on her back. And leave her there. She won't try to run. Will you Heather? You have too much to lose."

My mind was racing quickly and a light bulb went off. 

"The police! They'll here any second! You can't do this to me in front of them you bastard. Let me go!"

Dana laughed and gestured for someone I couldn't see. The young woman behind the counter leaned over me and smiled. 

"Malenburry PD, what's your emergency?"

That bitch! The call wasn't real. None of it was real!! But if there was no real call then I could leave. I tried to jump up and ran to the door but the orderlies grabbed me. 

"You can't keep me here McCallister. If there aren't any police than the assault is done for. Plus I've got enough of your cum on me to make a report of my own."
