 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



I didn't think it was possible that my day could get any better. I was in sunny southern California, crossing the courtyard of the hotel on my way back to Disneyland after dropping off some purchases. The crowd levels were low, the weather was outstanding and I was on vacation with my wife and son, who I was heading back to meet. What more could I possibly ask for? When I got a look at the woman entering the courtyard from the opposite side, I thought of something. She had a Goth thing going on, but she was older, closer to my age. Her hair was a nearly-white blonde, her lips bright red and she wore dark sunglasses, a black tank top and a short black skirt. As we got closer to each other, and my gaze wandered upward from her pale legs and big tits, I realized that she also looked very familiar.

"Fairykin?" I asked tentatively, once we were close enough that she could hear me.

"Jrsy Boy?" she replied, stopping and staring at me. We both broke out into big smiles and she dropped her bags to throw her arms around me. We knew each other from a Disney-related Internet discussion board and knew that we'd both be at Disneyland at the same time, but hadn't made any plans to try to meet up. We'd shared a few photos just in the event of a chance meeting, but I really hadn't been expecting to see her, even though we were staying at the same hotel. I didn't even know her real name and didn't think she knew mine.

Feeling her big boobs squashed against me was sending a rush of blood south, so I stepped back but kept my hands on her hips as she kept her arms around my neck.

"Where's your family?" she asked, looking behind me, as if she suddenly realized that she was hugging somebody's husband.

"They're still in the park," I replied, "I was just dropping off some things. Looks like you are, too." She acknowledged that she was. "If you're heading right back, I can wait for you," I offered.

"Oh, that'd be awesome," she said, letting go of me and grabbing her bags. We chatted as I followed her to her room and held her bags for her as she fished out her key card. I was going to hand her bags over and wait outside, but she ushered me in. I couldn't take my eyes off of her figure as she bustled about putting her bags away and, when she took off her sunglasses, the deep blue of her eyes was nearly startling. She smiled as our eyes locked and I actually felt butterflies in my stomach.

"Let me just powder my nose before we go," she said as she moved past me toward the bathroom, "I much prefer using the bathroom here over one in the park."

As she closed the bathroom door, I sat on the end of one of the beds trying not to think of her so close by with her skirt up and her panties down. Instead, I wondered whether, like me, she was feeling that the chemistry that had been evident between us online was also quite palpable now that we were together in person. In the back of my mind, I knew that I had tried to avoid planning to get together exactly for this reason. It was starting to feel like fate was interceding. Maybe I should have stood up and been ready to go when I heard the toilet flush, but maybe I also was interested in seeing if anything was going to happen.

"Is your family waiting for you somewhere to come right back?" she asked as she came out of the bathroom and washed her hands.

"No," I replied, "I just need to call them when I get back through the turnstiles. They'll still be riding rides and probably won't even be aware of how long I'm taking."

"Good," she said, stopping in front of me at the end of the bed, "there's something I could use your help with." She reached up under her skirt and slipped her panties down, stepping up onto the bed once they'd hit her ankles. She had me lay back and stood over me, raising her skirt up as she knelt down to straddle my head. Her bush was extremely blonde, just like the hair that was hanging around her face as she looked down to watch as her pussy approached my face. My cock was rapidly rising as I watched her pussy coming closer and reached up to grab an ass cheek in each hand. As soon as it was close enough, I started to lap at her pussy, causing her to let out a lustful moan. I couldn't help myself and started to devour her pussy with a passion, squeezing her ass cheeks as I slurped up her copious secretions.

Because of our flirting and the photos she'd shared, I'd fantasized about her more than a few times, so having the opportunity to indulge in her body was more or less a dream come true. I eventually brought a hand around to slip first one, then a second finger up into her hot, juicy pussy. She was really fired up and was humping my face and fingers as I focused on licking and sucking her clit. As she got louder, she reached back and caressed the bulge in my shorts, which I felt confident I'd be slipping into her body somewhere very soon. I would have been content to eat her pussy for hours on end, but I could tell that she would be cumming pretty quickly. I continued what I was doing, as it appeared to be working, while her pussy became even more engorged and her juices continued to flow.

Her entire body seemed to tense up briefly right before she started to shake as she came. I kept doing what I was doing as she rode out a long and intense orgasm before finally moving off of me and leaning down to kiss me hard. We made out as she reached for my cock again then moved down to open my shorts. She had me lift my ass and slide further up on the bed as she removed my shorts and underwear. She took my cock in her hand and briefly stroked it before lowering her mouth over it and sliding her lips up and down it a few times. Watching her red lips sliding up and down my tool framed by her very blonde hair made my cock throb even more and I would have been perfectly content to blow my load down her throat. She had other plans, however, and a few minutes later was straddling my hips and guiding my cock toward her blonde bush.

We both moaned as her hot, slippery pussy engulfed my throbbing tool. When she started to bounce up and down, my eyes were drawn to her luscious tits. After caressing them through her top, and feeling her hard nipples, I pushed her top up to reveal the substantial black bra beneath it. I caressed her tits through her bra then before reaching around behind her to unfasten it. Pushing the slack cups up above her tits, I just watched for a moment as the fleshy globes bounced on her chest. Her nipples and areolas were quite large and dark pink against her very fair skin. I couldn't resist sliding my hands down to caress the soft, smooth flesh and lightly brush my hands over her hard nipples. I didn't forget that she was fucking the hell out of me, but I certainly got distracted by those tits for a moment. It probably didn't hurt my staying power, which she seemed to be taking advantage of as she rode me harder and harder.

When she dropped forward, planting a hand on each side of my head, her big tits were swinging right in my face so I didn't hesitate in putting my lips and tongue to work on her nipples. I was also able to push up into her each time she came down this way, so my hands eventually wound up holding her ass as I pulled her down harder on my cock. Fucking her felt so damn good, especially since it was so unexpected but had been fantasized about on many occasions. Forget Space Mountain or Haunted Mansion; this was absolutely my favorite ride of the trip. I could feel an orgasm beginning to build and the way her pussy was becoming even hotter and wetter was certainly pushing it along. It turned out, though, that her pussy was becoming hotter and wetter because she was on the verge of another orgasm herself. Before I was in any danger of cumming, she slammed herself down on my cock and her entire body started to tremble again.

"Roll onto your back," I told her when she opened her eyes again. When I got up and knelt beside her, she'd spread her legs and her blonde bush beckoned me, but I was not distracted from my goal. I straddled her ribs and lay my throbbing tool between her luscious tits and, once she'd squeezed them together around it, I started to fuck them. The soft smooth flesh felt wonderful as I slid my cock between her tits while she watched the head repeatedly appearing. In addition to the building pleasure that I was feeling, my focus was on her face, her lips still red and her pink tongue sticking out, and her big tits squeezed together. I was getting closer to cumming with each thrust of my cock into her cleavage but, rather than cum on her bra and tank top, still bunched up on her chest, I had something else in mind.

Once I was right on the verge of cumming, the pleasure reaching an unprecedented level, I pulled my cock from her cleavage and slipped it into her mouth. She released her tits and grabbed my ass, pulling me into her mouth so that her lips slid up and down the full length of my shaft. The pleasure continued to build as my cock swelled even more in anticipation of an incredible orgasm. I resisted the urge to fuck her face even faster, wanting to enjoy her hot mouth for as long as I could before I blew my load. Finally, with a grunt, I started to spew while she swallowed my cum, continuing to milk my cock until I was spent. I moved off to her side and sat on my heels while we both caught our breath.

"That was awesome," she finally said, "but we should probably get going, huh?" I agreed, reluctantly, and grabbed my shorts and underwear while she pulled her bra and tank top back into place. I found her panties still on the floor and tossed them to her then watched as she pulled them back up before rolling off the side of the bed and standing to straighten her miniskirt. She had to touch up her lipstick and her hair a little bit, but we were soon ready to head back to the park, though we did each pop in a stick of gum for the walk.

We were both interested in the potential for another experience like we'd just enjoyed so we did a little bit of brainstorming, exchanged cell numbers and came up with a text code. It ended up working so well that we successfully screwed each other's brains out over the next couple of days.