 I looked over the mountain of paperwork left me by the last supervisor. Even after two weeks in my new job I still couldn't find the top of the desk. Paper less company my ass. I was buried in an avalanche of print outs and carbon less forms. It was a good thing my wife was still in North Carolina. Working late is easier when the person you love is living five and a half-hours away. Add to that I was staying in a place that gave the word condemned a good name. 

But then again, I had the good luck to run into Mrs. Frederick while doing job inspections on my new crew. She was a nice older widow. She was looking for a couple to rent the upstairs rooms of her house. Her husband died a few years back. Family checked on her now and then. She was alone and I needed a place without cockroaches.

I really think she took pity on me like the village idiot who would leave sunny Florida to move to North Carolina then Southern Virginia. She offered me two bedrooms, a very small kitchen, a bath, living room, and what she called an upstairs parlor (I called it a 1940's style living room). The price $200.00 per month, WITH UTILITIES and it was furnished.

I moved in a couple of days later. It really was great. Evelyn, Mrs. Fredricks, had a couple of her grand kids help me move. The only thing missing was my wife. OOP's, I hadn't told Alisa about the move.

"Hello this is Alisa, I'm not here right now." Alisa's voice came over her voice mail. "Please leave me a message, thank you." 

Gods above I loved everything about her, especially her accent.

"Hey, Hon, You're not going to believe this but I found us part of a house to rent. Actually it's the upstairs. It's older, but well maintained. I've sent some pictures to your work e-mail. Take a look and tell me what you think. I can't wait till you see it the end of the month. Call me tonight love you, bye." That went well.

Alisa down loaded the pictures and we had a long talk that night. She couldn't understand why someone would rent a flat, her term for the apartment, for so little. Really neither did I. I liked it and I was here and she was in North Carolina so that was settled. The end of the month she would drive up for a few days and check things out. I couldn't wait.

Evelyns grandkids and great grandkids seemed to be all over the place the end of August. It was one last visit before school started. The noise level inside was equal to a major airport.

I was on the back porch still trying to catch up on the employee evaluations due yesterday when she came walking through the yard. I noticed her strolling up to the house without a care. Her summer dress bouncing up and down with her steps (nice). As she got closer to the porch light I saw that her breasts also bounced (very nice) as she walked towards the back door and me.

I didn't want to be known as the new pervert in town but she was cute. She wasn't a breathtaking baby doll or someone you would see turning heads at a movie premier. But the brown haired cutie got my attention. She looked to be about high school age.

The closer she got the more I wanted to talk to her.

"Hi, how are you?" She was about ten feet away and I thought she saw me under the back porch light. "Hello," I repeated. "I don't remember seeing you here before?"

I guess she was in a daze because she suddenly turned to my voice stared at me.

I looked at her and smiled. 

She looked at me and screamed. I mean really screamed. She turned and ran back the way she had come. Now I'm no Paul Newman, more Joe six pack, but I'd never had a girl look at me, scream then run away. It was a bummer. Besides I thought I should tell someone that a girl was walking around in the back forty. 

"Mrs. Frederick?" I said as I walked into the downstairs parlour.

"Please Evelyn, Tom. You've met my boys and their young'ns?

"Yes Mrs... Evelyn. I'm sorry to intrude but someone was just in the backyard, a young girl.

"Where is she now? One of her sons asked. 

"She ran toward the drying barns. Didn't you hear her scream?"

"No. Why did she scream?" Vern, her oldest asked.

"I guess I scared her. She was walking toward the house I said hello, she looked at me and she just let it rip." I was still trying to sort it out.

"Must of been the Yankee accent." Vern always thought he was the funny one.

"Hush Vern, be nice. Go out to the barns and see if you can find her. Evelyn turned to me. What was she wearing Tom?

A summer dress with red pinks and yellow flowers on it. She had a gold chain around her neck.

Evelyn just stared at me for a moment then turned to her family.

"I want everyone to get out there. I've seen her around here before. All she does is sniff around here like a bloodhound looking for tracks. When you find her call the Sheriff. Now get out there before she gets away again. Tom stay here please."

I followed her to the unlit fireplace as my eyes followed hers. She was looking at framed pictures of her family. Her parents and her husband, all long gone. Then there were her children, grand kids, and even the two great grand kids. Then I saw her again. An old black and white 8X10 in a black frame hidden behind the others. She was a couple of years younger in the picture but it was her. The girl I saw in the picture had denim jeans and a work shirt that probably belonged to her father. She was standing in front of what looked to be a perfect 1950's Dodge pickup.

Reaching over I picked up the picture and Evelyn sighed. "I knew it was her," she said.

"Who is she?" To be honest I was looking at her and a perfectly restored early 50's Dodge.

"That's MaryEllen, my oldest child. The dress you saw her in was her favorite. Did you really talk to her?"

"Well I said hello. I guess she saw me cause she screamed and ran away, why?" Something was really starting to make my skin crawl. 

"I've seen her now and then. I tried talk'n to her but all she'd do is keep right on walking. I've never talked to her."

"If it's a family problem and you want to talk about it, I'm a good listener." I thought she confused dates. People who are in there 80's will do that. Her grandchildren were as old as the girl in that picture.

Evelyn looked at me and gave me a sad smile. "You don't understand Tom. MaryEllen passed on. It was in a car wreck in 1957 when she just turned 18. The State Police said it was instantaneous. That picture you're holding was taken when she was 15 in 1954.

Now I was the confused one. I saw her plain as day. Subtract 1957 from 2004 equals 47 years ago, plus age 18 would make this teenager 67 years old now. Walking with a bounce in her step toward the house and not a wrinkle. "I don't understand."I needed to know why she was taking my seeing the ghost of her long dead daughter so calmly.

"I see her maybe two or three times a year. I see her shrouded in a light mist, I talk to her but she doesn't see me or hear me." The words were getting more painful. "That dress she was wearing was the one we buried her in. I know it's not right for a funeral, but it was right for her. I've never told Vern or the rest the children I talk to their sister. I guess I'm afraid they'll put their maw-maw in the funny farm."

"So now what?" I asked. "Either we can figure this out or hope there's room for two at the farm. Tell me how Mary died."

Her name is...was MaryEllen. Her and her boyfriend Tim Bridger were driving back from the picture show in Lynchburg one night on 501 when a truck pulled in front of them. Timmy had both legs amputate one at the hip. He's still alive but in a wheel chair. He still thinks it's his fault and won't talk to any of our family. Forty-seven years in a wheel chair. That's worse than die'n quick for most. We knew they had made plans to get married after MaryEllen graduated from High School. It's been killing him for all these years. Die'n real slow, one day at a time.

We talked until Vern and the family returned. Of course they didn't find her. How do you look for someone who's been dead for 47 years?

I went to bed.

XxXxXxX

Over the next week I kept going to the back porch at night hoping to see her again. Even Evelyn joined me the first couple of nights. I think she was hoping to see her deceased daughter again. Finally I gave up and went back upstairs and got ready for my wife to come up for her visit that weekend.

I was doing some vacuuming one night. (Yes I know how to vacuum a rug. Not well but it will pass the test.) I thought I heard voices but the TV was on. It wasn't till I turned it off that I knew it wasn't the TV.

Excuse me, sir. I'm try'n to talk to you." It sounded like one of Evelyn grand kids. How had she gotten in?

Well here I am..." Suddenly I stopped. It was MaryEllen.

There she was in my living room. Hands behind her back. Looking like she should really shouldn't be where she was. The same dress, the same hair, same necklace. I could see her chest rise and fall with each breath. That's probably how she looked when she was waiting to go to the movies. 

"Ya'll can hear me?" She said.

"Sure, why not? You heard me at the back porch last week."

"Last week?" There was major confusion on her face.

"Sure. Your family was in the parlour and you were heading for the house to join them."

That didn't help her confusion any. "You gotta be a Yankee. You sure don't talk like you're from the Commonwealth. What are you doing in our bedroom? Does mama know you're in the girl's room? My brother Vern would woop you if he knew. He may be in seventh grade but he's big for his age."

"This is my bedroom now, MaryEllen. In fact I'm renting the whole upstairs." I must be crazy, I thought. Here I am arguing with a ghost.

"You really shouldn't be here, Sir. How come you know my name?"

"Don't call me Sir, MaryEllen. The name is Tom. Your mother told me all about you. Come sit down."

"I can't. I have to go soon."

"Where to?"

"I'm looking for Timmy, he's my boyfriend. We were coming home from the picture show last night when there was this light." There was unbelievable sadness in her eyes. "I woke up by the barns just now." Panic started to fill her voice. "Where's Timmy? I've looked all over and I can't find him anywhere." 

"I think he's home, MaryEllen." I wanted to comfort this young girl who was really panicking now. 

I reached out to her.

My hand slid through her hand as I tried to grasp the fog that was her body. She seemed so real, I had forgotten for a moment that she really wasn't there. I started to panic but MaryEllen totally lost it. She saw my hand slide through hers and she screamed, again and again.

The noise was terrible and hurt every part of me. 

It was an involuntary reaction. When some one is in pain you want to hold them. How do you hold something that isn't there? But I could feel her. As my arms slipped through her I felt an incredible warmth wash over me. Then she was gone.

I waited for Evelyn to come running up the stairs, to see what was going on, but she never did. 

That night I had the most incredible dream. Lately I had been dreaming about Alisa. After all it had been a month since we'd been together and the longest we'd been apart since we married six years ago.

We were both naked and holding each other. One hand was on her hip the other cupping her breast. My lips were on the top of her breasts. Light kisses around the aureole and I rolled my tongue across the nipples. I could feel my wife's hot breath across my neck as she moaned her pleasure.

Alisa has very small breasts and the area between them and her shoulder has always been a turn-on for her. Her nipples were more of a turn on for me than her. I could feel her excitement grow as my lips feasted on her hard nipples. I was sucking like a nursing baby. I could feel the first hints of moisture between her legs as she wrapped herself around me.

I felt myself get harder and harder as my cock pressed against her stomach. Her ragged breathing told me she was close. Alisa had never orgasmed from just playing with her breasts. Was this going to be a first for us?

"Timmy, Timmy, God that feels so good I can't believe I'm going to do it." I heard my wife whisper as she cradled my neck. Her stomach tightened and she let out a low moan. Her orgasm blended with mine as jets of cum covered the sheets under me.

Timmy?

I started coming out of the very pleasant dream. I could still feel the warm cum that coated the sheets and my skin. It felt like my skin was on fire.

"Tommy?' The voice in my head repeated. It was the wrong accent.

I opened my eyes to the half-light in the bedroom and MaryEllen looking at me. Her hand was trying to touch me but kept passing through my back. The warmth I felt was the same as when I tried to hold her.

"How come I didn't go to heaven, Tommy?" MaryEllen had pulled her hand away and put it on her lap. "The preacher always said we would if we were good. Timmy and I never did anything wrong, honestly. We just went to the picture show that night. Did Timmy go to heaven without me? 

I thought I saw tears on her face. 

"There was an accident on the way home from the movies," I replied. The light you saw was the headlights of the truck that hit you. I don't know why you're still here; I'm no preacher." I thought about glossing over the rest but I didn't. "Your boyfriend survived, but he can't walk. He lost his legs in the accident."

The look on her face was enough to stop my heart right there. She shook her head in disbelief as her eyes got very wide. "Oh God, that's why!"

She was about ready to scream when she disappeared.

MaryEllen didn't come back that night and maybe that was a good thing. She knew something that I didn't want to know.

Alisa was coming up tomorrow. She already had a key, which I had sent her, so she would be waiting for me at the house at five.

XxXxXxX

I pulled in behind the house and saw the Caravan parked. Sitting under the porch was Alisa, holding roses. She smiled as she saw me approach. "I hope these are for me, Thomas. I would hate to have to give them to your girlfriend. Mrs. Fredrick said she was going to Mrs. Bridgers for cards. She also said she wouldn't be home till pass ten." The smile stayed on her face but there was a look in her eye that told me, what ever I was going to say make it short.

"Have you eaten?" I asked. I held her not to tight. The rose thorns were between us.

"Have you been eaten Thomas?" my Alisa said. Still smiling she pressed the thorns into my chest.

I could see this was going on the fast track. "Not for the last three weeks. You know what they say about absence and hearts?"

No tell me Yank, what do they say?" Her head stretched up. Her lips were looking for a kiss.

"Absence makes the hard grow harder." I thought it was pretty funny.

My lips found Alisa and they were hot. Not just the softness but the pressure as she pressed harder. Her tongue raked my teeth trying to find a way in. I gave her an opening and she took it. Her tongue dove in and started to swirl around mine. The suddenness of it all surprised me. I could feel myself getting hard.

After a slight groan she broke the kiss. "Would you like to rape me right here on the back porch or in our new flat?" The loose skirt Alisa was wearing swirled around the leg of my trousers

I was in a fog after that kiss as I held her tight. "Lets go upstairs, this may take all night."

"Keep that thought Thomas," Alisa smiled back up to me. "Let's go now, before I explode. Gods I need you inside of me."

We walked up the back stairs. She looked around as we entered the apartment living room. "So how's this for a flat?" I asked smiling. 

I remembered when I told my parents that I was marrying someone from Birmingham. They wanted to know how I met someone from Alabama. Then I had to explain how I met someone from Birmingham, England. They adjusted.

"You did rather well for a Yank with no taste. Now shut up and show me to the bed. Unless you want to do it on the settee."

Not knowing what the hell a settee was I dragged my wife into the bedroom.

At the edge of the bed I held her and whispered, "Strip and you'll get what you deserve, wench"

Her eyes lit up as she pulled away. I never saw her undress so fast. Skirt on the floor, the blouse went some where. I wasn't paying much attention because my hands were working on my own clothes. 

I watched as she tipped back on the bed. Her long black hair fanned out as her arms reached over her head. "Ohhh, I love these old canopy beds. Maybe when we get settled in you could tie me to these posts, and have your way."

We had tried a little bondage before but it wasn't the best experience for either of us. But then we didn't have a four poster bed. I smiled and filed it away for later. I crawled up besides her, holding my cock and slowly stroked it.

There was a little uncertainty on my wifes pretty face. "We don't have time for that right now. I need quick shag. We can do the rest later?" Her fingers had found their way to her cunt. One stroking her slit and the other flicking around the top, trying to get her clit to come out of hiding. The contractions of her stomach told me she was ready.

"Of course we can," I said trying to be very calm. The problem was I was hard as a rock and all I could think of was cumming inside my wife. "Here, shut up."

I swung over her, pinning both of her arms, with my legs, down by her waist. My cock waved over her mouth. Not for long. She raised her head and swallowed half of it with an accompanying moan. She took a breath through her nose and pushed her head up as far as it would go. She swallowed even more then started bobbing up and down.

I lowered my face to her pussy. Already open in desire and wet with anticipation. My first lick started just above her sphincter and in one motion licked with the all the excess wetness from around her cunt. Her fingers weren't fast enough as my tongue ran over my wife's knuckles. Her fingers were still stroking her slit. I could her moan.

"Fucking hell, Thomas," Alisa moaned, releasing me. Her hand slid to the bed. "I 'm so horny I can't even play with myself. I need your cock inside of me."

My wife was incredibly wet. I had never seen her this wet, this early. Her natural lubrication was everywhere. Her fingers had spread it from her belly button to the tops of her thighs. I moved off of her and moved between her legs. Her hands were still stroking her neither lips. Slowly I rubbed the head of my cock along her slit for more lubrication.

Alisa must of felt my fingers opening the lips between her legs because with one hand she held herself open and with the other started to stroke her clit which was fully aroused now.

I put the head of my cock at the entrance and slightly pushed.

"OH FUCK, I'M CUMMING!" Alisa screamed thrashing like a mad woman, between my legs. "MORE! PUSH MORE!"

My wife had never cummed that quickly. But then she hadn't quit screaming. All I had was the very tip of my penis, less than a half inch, inside of her. I pushed harder into her and only managed another fraction of an inch. Something was blocking my way.

Again she screamed. I'M CUMMING, AGAIN. GODS, YOUR RIPPING ME, YOU BASTARD. I CAN FEEL YOUR BELL-END INSIDE OF ME. MORE! GODS THIS FEELS SO-O-O GOOD. WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME, TOMMY?" Her thrashing continued, her ass bouncing off the bed and her fingers on her clitoris. Alisa had made a whole new definition of turned on.

I grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and drove into her as I lifted her up. I moved past what ever was blocking me and sunk to the hilt. A moan escaped my lips "God damn your tight, woman." I imagined I could feel every muscle inside of her. 

She had opened to the final thrust but she had my cock wrapped in the tightest grip I'd ever felt. Her eyes were vacant and her mouth was open now. Not a sound was coming out. Just the sound of both of us gasping for air. I dropped her legs and collapsed on top of her. The sweat off of our bodies merged. 
