 Weeks go by as my training progresses, rapidly getting more rigorous and tiring. Quin Shun certainly has high hopes for me if he is drilling me the way he is. Every morning, before sunrise, I go out into the forest to meditate. At breakfast, Quin Shun has me do some exercises with my staff to increase my hand eye coordination. After lunch he manipulates the earth, testing my agility and dexterity. At night he drills me in hand to hand combat with earthen clones. 

The first week and a half was torture, up before dawn, to sleep after dusk. Every day that progressed, I gained a new array of bruises and my bodies limits were tested through and through. I barely get any sleep, but for the times I do wake up well rested, Quin Shun is sure to drill me extra hard with some evasive maneuvers; left, down, jump, duck, right, left, up, hands tucked firmly against my sides to aid in making me a smaller target to hit. 

After two weeks, he changes things up a bit. I had always known there was a small waterfall deep within the forest, only some miles away from my cabin. My new routine? Jog or run from before dawn to the location of the waterfall, strip down naked, except for my underwear shielded by some magic, and meditate beneath the waterfalls until my next lesson. Talk about pain, it felt like needles were constantly being stabbed into my back and neck. It was like the feeling you get when a body part falls asleep and starts to wake up, except 10x more excruciating. 

Quin Shun's reasoning? "Tolerance with pain lets the body ignore the urge to stop and retreat. In a fight, the difference between focus and distraction could mean life or death." 

That is how my training progressed. Up before dawn, in bed after dusk. I surely have missed my time with Calin, I have never forgotten her warm body, her scaly flanks and the way her chest moved when she breathed. Hehe, especially not the feeling of my cock deep within her silky vent. The sensation is heavenly, almost so that I have become addicted to it. 

I have had no time to relax, no time to myself since that day I pledged myself as a Protector of Earth. If I can only get a weekend away, a few hours at most so I can summon Calin again and see how she is doing, if she remembers me at all. I worry for her. She said my clutch, our clutch would be fine. In the time I have trained, I have forgone the materializing charm, long since mastering the art of materializing different objects of numerous shapes and sizes. Yes, I still wear it, it some cases where something is a little complicated for me. Complicated? Ha! I materialized a Great Dane sized dragoness in the middle of a forest! I mean, if I could do that, admittedly with fainting, then I could probably summon her without any trouble. 

The only problem; is time. I don't have the time to do anything except train, sleep, eat, go to the bathroom, plumbing obtained by the use of my new materializing skill once mastered, and train again. I know there is evil out in the world that needs to be combated, to be defeated, but I am still an apprentice. Well, I do admit at having beginners luck, knocking out that villain in the black cape and her two goonies, but that was luck, nothing else.

But Quin Shun did not let me live it down. He said I had something special within me, something unique among Protectors. Within the weeks I have trained, my reservoir of power has increased dramatically, or by a good amount. If I tried that plasma bolt again, I could probably pull it off, only being mildly tired from the usage of energy. 

But it still stands, that feeling has been building up again within me, ever since I first summoned Cyalina, or Calin. Her looks, her form, her eyes, they captivate me to no end. I wish I just had some time alone so I could speak with her again. She appears to me within my dreams, but I can do nothing but watch and wait as her stomach gradually grows, distending with an innumerable amount of eggs that I had planted into her ripe egg chamber. 

Maybe, if I ask if I can have some time off, to practice on my own, I could get to see my lovely Calin again. It might be too much to ask, I know he will never agree to such a thing. Training is the most important thing right now, I can't abandon my pledge I made, that would be, wrong, immoral. But still, if this goes on, I don't know how much longer I could take until I just forego one night of sleep to transform my cock again and jack off to relief the pressure. I know, that would not work for the long term, but it would be the only thing to keep me sane. The only thing to do is try, to ask Quin Shun if I could have a weekend off, or just a few hours. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Well, what do you know? Quin Shun said I have trained hard enough for now that I have earned not just a weekend, but a full week! I mean, talk about a surprise. I thought he would reject it the second I asked him. I totally misunderstood him. I don't know if it is from a similar experience, but he has allowed me some relaxation, without his company for one full week. Seven...full...days. Of course, he will be nearby should anything 'evil' pop up, but I don't expect it to. At least, I hope not. That would be very awkward to explain to Quin Shun how I was spending my time to relax. 

Anyway, now that I am alone, I can finally summon Calin again. My mate, my love, my soul's desire. I have missed her so much; it yearns to feel the touch of her rough scales again, the gentle caress of her kiss, the twitch of her muscle and the warm embrace of her sex. It was very hard for me to decide where I should materialize her. In my cabin where no one can see us? In front of my cabin? In the area where we first mated or by the falls? Decisions decisions. 

I think I should just keep it with where I first materialized her, in the area where I first meditated. Clad in my gray training robes, I take a leisurely walk to my destination. Along the way, I think about how much more powerful I am than when I first became a Protector. I knew nothing about them, yet, I single handedly defeated the most wanted evil villain and her two Hench men. From guessing what I could possibly do from just that feat, I think it will be wondrous to find out. 

And that's another thing. My robes have changed, not much, but they have altered their design and color on their own. Instead of the depressing gray, they have turned to a more, vibrant blue. The sleeves have gotten tighter, the slack at the end disappearing so it is a normal shirt. My pants have become the same color as well, although a few shades darker. Quin Shun said that I have been progressing well in my training, as indicated by my robes. He said that blue is the color for clarity and focus. My lessons under the waterfall have gotten easier, the discomfort barely registering to my mind while I expand my thoughts to encompass the forest to observe everything yet nothing at all. 

With a big sigh, I finally reach my destination. It is the same as the first time I had come here, a decently large area with a stump slightly off the center. I walk towards the stump and sit down, looking around to just take in the sights and sounds of the forest. In my training, Quin Shun has taught me to respect nature, to not go through everyday just living your life, because someday you might not have one. 

Saying a silent prayer under my breath, I clear my mind and clear my throat to get ready to summon Calin again. However she is doing, I hope she is Ok. With shaky nerves of both fear and excitement, I bring the words to bear. "Virtutem animus affero, live, female, Dragoness."

The energy exits my body at an alarming rate at first, making me lurch forward while my eyes go wide. I quickly slow my breathing and take a firm control of my power, slowing it down so that it does not leave me so hastily. Quin Shun made it apparent that you cannot die from overuse of energy, falling into a long coma however is most likely. He taught me to regulate the flow of my magic so that I don't get stressed out or go into shock. 

Once I have the flow of energy under control, I visualize Calin in my mind as I remember her and stare at the spot where I want to materialize her. The process is slow, much slower than last time, but I contribute it to be because of the extra life forms she carries; the clutch of eggs that rest in her egg chamber, ready to be laid sometime in the near future. 

As time goes by, a hazy image starts to form, followed by silver, red, orange, pink and blue flecks of fire that swirl in a circle, the same coloration that makes up her scales. The form is as big as a Great Dane, definitely Calin. She is positioned so most of her weight is distributed to her hind legs while her tail is spread out behind her with her wings nestled lightly against her back. 

I smile as she takes form, the smaller amounts of detail being formed as the energy slowly drains from me, making me dizzy, but not enough to faint. First comes her head, her expressive frills and her horns. Like a computer generated model, her body comes soon after, becoming more distinct, defined. 

I can definitely tell something has changed, the way she carries herself is best described as careful, protective. Soon enough, I lower my gaze, finding that her normally smooth and curving stomach is laden with about a dozen or so eggs, swelling outwards to show individual creases of the shells inside. My smile widens, but not before the fatigue gets to me. I stand up from sitting on the log, immediately regretting it as I start to lean forward, nothing stopping me from falling. 

Just like last time, the vast array of silver, red, orange, pink, and blue specks converge on a point before vanishing as the form of a gravid dragoness hastily hops over to me and cushions my fall. I wrap my arms tightly around her sturdy neck, frills pressing against her neck until she lowers me to the ground. Once I am safe, I release my hold and Calin backs up a few steps before sitting down again on her haunches. 

"Just couldn't wait to fuck me could you?" She says with a sarcastic laugh, her tail flicking to either side, obviously happy to see me again. 

I moan slightly, not from pain or discomfort, but from joy. "You know that wasn't it." I reply, moving myself into a comfortable sitting position before looking at the sight of my creation once more. At least I did not pass out like last time and her personality seems to have changed as well.

With my left leg extended and my right leg resting on my left, I gaze on her beautiful form, ignoring the viridian trees behind her to solely focus on her eyes. Her smile lights up my day, her emerald diamond eyes sparkling in the afternoon sun like...well, diamonds in the sun. Now that I get to see her with more illumination, her coloration is just breathtaking. 

The scales on her chest and stomach are not just the normal pink I took them for some weeks ago, but an iridescent maroon with a mix of orange swirls all across. Her front legs are the same fiery red that change to dazzling moonlight silver, almost the same as Silver's, but with a hint of gray and orange mixed in. Her back legs are coiled and poised with untamed muscle as they are the same color of a more vibrant shade of red darkened with swirls of orange and specks of silver as they travel down her haunches to her feet. The color on her sides is bright silver shaded with some blue. Her neck up to her head is a mix of red and orange with specks of blue too dark to be noticed before. 

Her wing joints change from red to orange as they progress further up the appendage, becoming a lighter shade of maroon than her chest towards the wing tip. The leathery membrane is an iridescent orange which changes to a dazzling maroon as it nears the edge. Last but not least, her tail is wrapped in a combination of red, orange, pink, and silver. The tip of her tail ends in a vibrant blue as she moves it without thought back and forth across the sunlight ground. The only thing unseen is her back, which I speculate is the same deep red with speckles of orange in elegant patterns.

The other part of her that is different is her stomach, heavy with a clutch of eggs. I smile as I rest, letting the dizziness pass before slowly standing up and moving to my mate. She shifts her wings, spreading them out before resettling them. I kneel down, leaning forward to embrace her firmly after so long. Being a foot or two bigger than a Great Dane, I can't exactly kneel down, only squat and hug my mate as if I was never going to see her again.

"I have missed you so much Calin." I say with a shaky voice, breathing in her wonderful scent of candy cane and cinnamon. My hands come around her neck as I tighten my grip, able to feel the chords of pulsing muscle just beneath her scaly exterior. 

Calin lowers her wings so they don't get in the way, momentarily surprised by the hug before returning the gesture just as firmly by moving her left foreleg gently around my back, mindful of her claws. "I too, have missed you a great deal my mate." Calin replies as we break apart. 

I back off a bit, kneeling on my left leg with my arms resting on my right as tears threaten to spill from my eyes at the joyous reunion. Neither of us says a word as we gaze upon each other with happy faces, taking in the changes that have occurred. Calin looks pretty much the same except for her gravid stomach. I do not know the gestation period for dragons nor how many eggs she carries, but from reading numerous fantasy books, it can be anywhere from one month to a whole year. 

I, on the other hand in Calins sights, have changed dramatically since the first time I met her. My normally gray training robes have brightened to a light and dark blue, signaling my training in focus and meditation. My hair, on the other hand, has become messy, not that it was already that way before, but the mud, grim and dirt from all the countless times I have hit the earth during training can attest to that. 

Not wanting to waste any precious time where I could be penetrating my mate's sex with my draconically altered cock, I rise up and walk forward again, only this time grabbing her narrow and slender jaw line to mash it together with my mouth. Calin knows what my intentions are and gladly opens her maw, letting our tongues intertwine in a wet dance of love. Her agile, lithe and strong tongue overwhelms mine in a show of dominance, but I do not mind it one bit as I dance around the corners of her mouth, forcing her to work for her victory. I do not pay heed to the vast size of her maw as I can barely enter past a few inches of her teeth while Calin wrangles around with my tongue inside my mouth. 

I back away before I run out of breathe, only to pitch forward and rest my head on the side of her neck. "Lay on your back my love." I whisper to her, backing away to give her some room. 

Calin looks a little hesitant, obviously thinking about our clutch, but complies and stands up and turns around, egg ridden stomach swinging below her while she lowers her form to the ground, tucking in her wings before carefully rolling onto her back. I come up from behind her, walking past her tail, splayed hind legs and hidden sex and lower myself onto the upper part of her chest, away from her gravid stomach. 

I lean forward to embrace Calin in another passionate kiss, both our tongues wrestling with each other not out of lust, but love for one another. Calin brings both her arms around my back, spreading her wings out wide while her tail scraps across the ground. I do not want this moment to end, but humans aren't made like dragons, we have to breathe sometime. Once I come off Calin, she moves her arms so I can stand up and move back down to her sex and egg heavy stomach. 

"Be careful Colby." Calin says, frills raised halfway as I move back down her body. When I get into position, I straddle her tail and sit right on the base of her tail, a few inches away from her sex and gravid stomach. 

"Of course I will be careful Calin. Unlike last time, I want to make love to you nice and slow. I will make sure I do not injure our clutch, for I would hate to see you in pain." I reply, arms slowly moving forward to caress her muscle packed thighs, roaming over ever scale, every detail while casually pushing them aside. 

Calin goes along with the motion, willingly spreading her hind legs for me to go further. "I know," She responds. "I just want to make sure you did not make me gravid with your eggs for nothing." 

I smile, content to just message her inner thighs, seeing her begin to purr and flutter her wings in undeniable patience. A question then enters my mind, something I wanted to know last time whether it was true or not. "Calin?" I ask. She gives a soft croon, letting me know she is listening. "Is, are the eggs...fertile?" I say quietly. 

A dragons hearing is impressive, and Calin picks up on my soft spoken words quickly. "No, since you forced me into heat rather abruptly, I did get heavy with eggs, but they do not contain hatchlings." She replies, extending her frills while partially retracting her wings.

"But next time you are in heat, or when I put you in heat, will you carry my eggs, and will they develop into hatchlings, not just yolk?" I ask.

"Yes," Calin answers as her purring increases, my hands gradually moving closer to her ever widening sex. "I can put myself in heat; that is something you imagined about me, so you don't have to do that again. I will carry your eggs no matter the circumstance, it only matters whether I am in heat or not that is the deciding factor should our eggs contain hatchlings." 

I nod at her explanation, scooting a bit further up her tail before leaning forward and pressing my chest against her warm scales and sex. A sharp intake of breathe accompanied by a long hiss emits from Calin, telling me she is enjoying my love and attention. True to my word, I go slow, teasing her, getting her ready so that any discomfort is gone in place of pure pleasure. 

I bring my arms forward, resting them on her bloated stomach that contains our clutch of eggs. "Calin?" I ask again, only receiving a decisive grunt in return. "How many eggs 'do' you have?" I ask while rubbing, feeling and simply running my hands over ever bump and mound that signifies an egg.

"I have, err, about 9, nggh! Eggs." Calin responds in between grunts and groans filled with love for me. While my hands trail luxuriously over her smooth and dimpled stomach scales, gliding over each egg she holds, I shift my hips, my robes creating friction against her sex that puts her into spasms, making her sex wetter and her clitoris start to emerge out of hiding.

While her sex begins to part and swell, I lean back, putting my weight onto my legs so I can take off my robes. Calin whines at the loss of the wonderful sensation of my soft hands on her scaly stomach, but uses her magic to take off my clothes in an instant. Before I know it, my butt hits her scales surrounding her tail hole. My eyes grow wide as Calin smiles and I soon return that smile with a look of lust. My flaccid length barely touches the outer folds of her wet sex, so I lean forward again, resuming my compassionate caressing of my mates swollen stomach while she enjoys my attention once more.

With all the lustful and sex driven thoughts running through my mind, my cock quickly grows to full mast, going rigid in seconds of touching my mates gravid stomach. I play around with our eggs for a few more minutes while my shaft leaks some pre-cum which mixes with Calin's vaginal juices. Calin grunts at the pleasant feeling of our eggs moving, shifting inside of her. Never would I have thought that my fantasies of having sex with a dragoness would come true, especially one with a heavy stomach full of 'my' eggs. 

Thinking I have played with our clutch long enough with Calin hissing and grunting through clenched teeth while her frills rise and lower frantically at the pleasure, I lean back before standing up. In one swift motion, I grab my throbbing shaft with my right hand and plunge it into my mates sobbing wet vent, her folds expanding to take my length easily as her juices spray outward against my hips. Calin clenches up her internal muscles instantly at the sudden penetration, roaring out loud as her pleasure rises quickly to push her into her first big climax. Her fore-claws flex with each pulse of her vent, lying idly by her side on her scaled chest. 
