 Kara laughed as the man with her finished the longwinded joke.

"I can’t believe you said that," she chuckled He smiled and took a sip of his drink before placing it back on the table. Kara was an attractive twenty-two year old artist from the eastern side of town. She frequently came to this particular club, mostly for the atmosphere, and the abundance of men. True, some of them were younger than her teen-aged brother, trying to act big and bad. But most were men her age. Raven was a different sort of club. Not exactly her type, but she felt like she actually belonged with all of the grimly dressed people. She herself wore dresses that weren’t nearly enough for a Barbie doll, much less her shapely frame. But those clothes were saved for clubs and times when she just felt like being flirty. She looked to her companion and smiled.

"Zane, I hate to break this evening short, but I think I should go before I get too tipsy to drive home." He nodded and said he understood. He stood as she put on her jacket, and kissed her cheek. 

"I’ll tell Shayna you said hi..." Kara hugged him and exited the crowded club. 

Kara walked into the calm night air, and over to an old car that was parked around the building. As she sat in the driver’s seat, she removed her jacket. The alcohol from earlier had made her a bit warmer than she was used to. She started the engine and pulled from the parking space. The clock on her stereo read eleven forty-five. She pushed a series of buttons and the speakers came to life with sounds of heavy bass-filled rhymes. Her finger tapped the steering wheel as she came to a stoplight. The car began to stall, but came to its senses as the light flashed to green once again.

"That’s what I get for buying something from Joey..." She sighed and turned down Main street. The headlights began to blink on and off, and the noises and shaking got worse. Kara muttered under her breath, threatening the car not to stop. She saw a phone up ahead on the corner. 

"Please don’t die on me now...Please" As if the car was trying to get it’s vengeance, with one last shake, it shut off. 

"FUCK!!" She slammed her hands on the dashboard and sat back in her seat. She turned the keys, trying to start it back up. Nothing happened. Kara tried several times before giving up. Her cell phone had been left at home to recharge, so she had no choice but to walk to the phone up ahead. Grabbing her keys and purse, she looked around her. She’d somehow ended up in the poorest part of town there was. Abandoned buildings, homeless children. A shelter was somewhere off to her left, she couldn’t tell exactly. 

Kara stepped out of the car and locked her door behind her. She hoped her top and skirt would hold up to the breeze that blew through the empty street. As she began her walk to the booth, she heard heavy footsteps behind her. She turned to look, but saw no one. There were only the sounds of traffic far off in the distance. She started walking again. Only this time, the sounds were closer, and a voice in her ear.

"Mmmm. This one looks nice.." The voice was a whisper, like the sound of wind going by an ear. Kara whirled around, anxiously trying to find who had said those words. And again, nothing was to be seen.

"Damn, Kara. You’re drunker than you thought," she mumbled to herself. At last she had reached the phone. As she dialed the number of a friend, she felt a hand on the bottom of her skirt, pulling it higher on her leg. She looked down but saw only the ground below. There was no answer, so she decided to try another number. Kara closed her eyes in disappointment and leaned against the phone. As she stood there, she felt the buttons on her shirt begin to undo. She looked down slowly, and nearly screamed. Each button was undoing itself!!

Her hands braced her body against the glass as an invisible hand snaked it’s way up her skirt. She couldn’t help but bite her lower lip in frustration. The hand seemed to be squeezing the soft flesh of her thigh, kneading it gently. She groaned out as she felt a tongue begin to to lap at her skin, her kneecaps, her thighs, then resting upon her satin panties. She was filled with confusion as yet another pair of hands began rubbing her breasts through her bra. They, unlike the ones on her legs, were more feminine , softer. They pulled the lace of her bra down below her nipples, toying with them. Kara’s head was spinning as she tried to comprehend what was happening to her. Hands she couldn’t see, voices she couldn’t place with actual people. She felt as though she were going crazy, until something started happening, the tongue at her panties eased between the material and her skin. 

"Come on baby," a female voice urged. "Quit teasing her, I wanna watch you lick this little thing." 

Kara’s eyes opened . She saw a face, then at long last an entire male form. He was gorgeous! Black hair, The bluest eyes she’d ever seen, his skin pale and toned. She didn’t know how to react as he smiled at her. There was something wrong though. Why couldn’t she hear him coming up behind her? She laid her head back, and felt it come in contact with a shoulder. She looked up and saw a girl. She was sitting on the shelf beside the phone. Her face was contorted in a mischievious smile as she stroked Kara’s face with a thin finger. Kara closed her eyes as she felt the young man’s tongue plunge into her pussy. She felt him move it from side to side, sucking on her clit each time he thrust it in. Kara moaned out lightly as the tongue of the man went faster inside of her, it’s thickness nearly enough to make her come right there. She reached for his head, running her hands through his dark hair, shuddering in delight. 

"I think she likes it sweetie," the girl cooed. 

Kara arched her back every time his hand came in contact with her clit. He looked behind her to the girl, smiling at his companion and lightly nipped Kara’s clit with his teeth. The young man licked violently at her slit, sucking and biting with so much enthusiasm, it made Kara weak in the knees. She cried out in ecstacy as he began to tongue-fuck her rapidly. She tossed her head back, feeling the girls lips on her neck as her companion lapped at Kara’s pussy. Kara felt herself ready to come and told the young man. He grinned at his companion and sucked harder on Kara’s clit. Kara screamed out in the cold night air, noticing all the people walking by the booth. No one even seemed to take notice that the three of them were in there. The young man closed his eyes and forced two fingers inside of Kara. She felt the girl’s hands roam over her heaving chest as she came. 

"Wow. She came harder than you Mandy. . . " His companion smiled and began to take off her own top, massaging her transparent breasts with darkly painted nails. She held Kara against her as the man stood up and began undoing his baggy jeans. He watched Kara as he stroked his now hard dick. His companion licked and nuzzled Kara’s ears and neck. Kara groaned as she was turned around, now facing the girl. She watched the girl as she sat upon the bench in the booth. Her hands were now rubbing at her own dampness, her fingers toying with the lacing on the front of her leather pants. Kara looked her over. The way her midnight blue hair was pulled into two buns atop her head, the way the circles around her eyes were so dark they almost swallowed her existence. Just as she was about to touch the girl’s face, she felt the young man slip himself into her from behind. The three of them gasped simultaneously, then breathed harder as the man began to slide in and out. Mandy, as he’d called her, was undoing the lacing of her pants, slowly pulling them down to her ankles. Kara saw that she had no underwear on, nor had any hair between her legs. Mandy spoke up.

"Daniel doesn’t like me to have hair.Says it gets in his way." Daniel and Kara both groaned as he began to go faster, soon grabbing onto her hips the faster he went into her. Kara watched as Mandy began fingering herself harder, watching her boyfriend take his pleasure from another girl. Daniel seemed to almost growl as he started to speak. 

"Lick her for me Kara, make my baby come, while I make myself come in you..." Kara looked back at him as his grunts grew louder in tone. She then turned back and looked at Mandy. The look in her eyes was somehow intriguing to Kara, begging her to try it. She leaned in, tasting the wetness that had begun to flow from the girl. Without question, Kara began to lick at the folds of Mandy’s pussy, sucking her clit, just the way Daniel had done hers. She mimmicked everything she’d felt, from the way he licked her entire slit, to the way he’d furiously tongue fuck her to get her to scream in frustration. Her hips ached as his nails dug deeper into them. He was now pounding into her, the throbbing inside him getting stronger and stronger with each thrust. Kara could feel herself tighten, squeeze him as that warm feeling built up once more. Mandy had started to grab Kara’s head, forcing her closer to her own wetness. She rolled her head from side to side as she too felt herself ready to let herself go. 

"Aww. Damn. Mandy, baby, I think I’m gonna come, you want me to come with you?" The man’s companion screamed out her approval.

"Yeah. Come all in her, I want all of us to feel it." Kara moaned out as she felt him give in to his animalistic side. The way he tore into her, made her lick the girl even more.

"You ready, Kara?, I’m gonna come. . ." The words from Mandy were enough to set off a chain reaction. Soon after, Daniel began shouting that he was going to let go, and let go he did. He held tight to Kara, thrusting and jerking as he shot inside of her. He thrust once more, feeling the strength drop out of him. Kara felt Mandy come, her thin body shaking under Kara’s tender grasp. The three of them soon sat gasping for air, holding to each other like children in a storm. Kara’s eyes got heavy as she laid her head in the girl’s lap, the smell of her orgasm filling her nostrils. The young man held the two girls, kissing each of them lightly. 

Kara groaned, her eyes fluttering open. She looked around. The man and woman were gone! so was the phone booth. But, she had just been there, just been having the most incredible orgasm she’d ever remembered having. Her clothes were still on, still in one piece. She could’ve sworn he’d taken a knife to her. She screamed as a hand was placed on her bare shoulder.

"Calm down young one." She let her eyes focus. An elderly man stood there, his old eyes gazing cautiously at Kara. "What are you doing out here this late?"

"I was using the phone...or at least I thought I was. It was right here! A booth. On this corner right where we’re standing. " The old man looked at her seriously for a moment. His look gradually took on concern. He began to speak.

"Why, my dear girl, I live in this apartment building. There hasn’t been a phone booth her for at least, ten years. Not since the drive-by. A young couple, around your age were gunned down in a phone booth one night. Nobody knows why. Your cars fine. For some reason that happens whenever someone drives through. They don’t stop though. Go, now, get some rest. " 

As Kara looked up to the street signs, she smiled. She knew why they were there. She knew what they’d been doing that night. She got into her car, and started the engine. Before she pulled away she pulled out a piece of paper and pen and scribbled something down. She repeated it out loud, a smile on her face.

"Thirteenth . . . and Main . . ."

End