 "Goddess, it's so huge and brutish!" Felicia exclaimed, her blue eyes wide and jaw hanging slack.

Before her stood a naked human male, his cock standing proud and erect, swollen to full hardness. The man stood there uncomfortably, but at attention, displaying himself to the two elven women in the room.

The two young elf women lazed reclining upon carpets and cushions, a platter of grapes shared between them, ogling and giggling over the naked human man before them.

"I told you they were different," sniggered Morgan. "See how large it is? Not as long, of course, but look at the width and thickness. The sheer girth of a human member is almost double that of an elf cock."

"And it's so ugly too," gasped Felicia, torn between revulsion and fascination, unable to look away. "So many veins and all that hair. Even the shape of it. It's so... savage."

Felicia found herself biting her lip and smiling as she watched the barbaric human, and played absentmindedly with her flowing tresses of wavy copper red hair falling about her freckled elven face.

"It excites you, doesn't it?" smiled Morgan mischievously, tossing her head of raven black hair about as her green eyes pierced Felicia's poor attempt to conceal her growing sexual arousal.

"No. I mean, kind of. I don't know. I just can't stop looking," mumbled Felicia.

"Our little elven princess is finally learning desire, thank the Goddess!" laughed Morgan.

"Oh, enough teasing, Morgan," said Felicia as she leaned forward to get a better look. "Is it true the ladies of the court drink their... you know?"

"Human cum?" laughed Morgan. "Yes, it's very popular. The virility of a human male is said to be unsurpassed. Drinking their fresh seed can make a lady more fertile, make her skin smooth and glow with the radiance of the sun, and inspires erotic moods and thoughts that in turn inspire our handsome elven men. Or so they say..."

"Have you ever tried any?" gasped Felicia.

"Of course!" laughed Morgan. "Most have their servants take fresh samples from the slaves and add it to their mulled wine. But the new vogue is to partake from the phallus directly and ingest at eruption in order to experience the maximum benefit."

"But we're not supposed to have sex with humans, it's against the law," said Felicia.

"No, it is illegal for a male human to fuck an elven pussy," answered Morgan crudely, hoping to shock Felicia with her dirty language. "That carries a death penalty; only for the human of course, but it is still shameful for an elf to have slept with a man."

"The Law of Purity," confirmed Felicia, noticing the naked human winced at those words as she said it. She wondered why for a moment then let the thought pass.

"Yes," said Morgan. "But an elf woman, especially high borns like us, can take whatever pleasure or practical produce from a human we desire as long as it does not break the Law of Purity. Sucking human cock and swallowing their seed is perfectly fine. The court ladies have been doing it for years. Just don't go to bed with them."

"I wonder why not?" asked Felicia.

"Have you paid no attention to your tutors at all?" Morgan asked, her eyes rolling. "Elven blood is pure. Elven pussy is sacred. It can't be dirtied and defiled by breeding with humans."

"Our elven men bed their female human slaves all the time," Felicia countered. "I accidentally walked in on Feirnor taking his human slave girl very vigorously in the Western parlour room the other day.

"Because the men make the laws," muttered Morgan under her breath, before speaking up. "Anyway, forget all this boring politics. It's time for you to learn the art of sucking cock, Felicia. Besides, your skin is looking far too pale and you really need some of this stud's cum for your complexion."

"I have sucked before already, Morgan," insisted Felicia. "Remember when I took my lips to Arveldir's cock last month?"

Morgan rolled her eyes, "Felicia, you licked Arveldir's shaft three times and then kissed the tip without opening your mouth. That doesn't count as sucking."

"Arveldir said it was very pleasant," argued Felicia, blushing.

"Did you take him into your mouth? Did you bob your head upon his member? Did you bring him to climax and make him spill his seed upon you?"

"No, none of that," admitted Felicia sheepishly.

"Arveldir was trying to get himself up your skirts to bed you," countered Morgan, "and the very next day he was in the bed of that blonde slut Irneth instead. Do you know why?"

"Why?" asked Felicia with a sigh, although she already knew the answer.

"Felicia, you only came of age when you celebrated your eighteenth birth year last harvest time, and in those few months you have yet to learn anything about real sex other than the dirty stories I or your handmaidens tell you and your extensive self pleasuring while you pine over the hunky princes of the court. That is how an elven girl behaves. You need to become an elven woman if you want to attract the attentions of the hottest, richest and most powerful young elf men of the court."

"Appearance, wealth and power, Morgan?" asked Felicia. "What about love?"

Morgan snorted. "Love? You've got to be kidding! We're elves, Felicia. Elves of noble blood. We rule, we don't love. In this world, if we want something, we take it. And I'm going to show you how."

Morgan got to her feet off of the luxurious carpets and proceeded to step up to the young human man, running her hands across his chest and arms as she circled around him, looking back at Felicia with her mischievous green eyes.

"By sucking a cock?" laughed Felicia.

"Yes," said Morgan completely seriously. "There is great power in taking a man's cock in your mouth, tasting its flesh, swallowing it deep within you. Done well, and the man will be entranced, unable to escape, unaware of anything except the feeling of your lips and tongue upon him. All he will want to do is to use your mouth until he expels his seed with the utmost force. It is like he is dying of thirst and this is the only thing that will quench him. He will wish to return again and again to you and your lips. Exploit that power over him, and he will be yours to command."

As Morgan had been speaking, she had moved around the man slowly, watching his eyes as she spoke, letting him gaze upon her. Felicia stared with amazement and some jealousy upon her friend Morgan. The raven haired Morgan was like one of the legendary nymphs, possessing unrivalled sexual power and great beauty. Morgan was short and petite, not tall like Felicia, and the slim curves of her body were accentuated by the bound leather corset strapped around her bust and waist, capturing her glorious round bosom and tiny waist. Morgan had also taken to wearing the tight short leather skirts that had become so fashionable in court of late, and it showed off the brunette's legs stunningly.

Felicia on the other hand was wearing a flowing sea blue dress that plunged low at the neckline and revealed her generous creamy cleavage. Her pink nipples were hard and poking visibly against the dress with excitement. She brushed her locks of red hair back over her shoulder and watched Morgan and the man with growing intensity.

"Using your mouth means saving your pussy for the most eligible suitor, Felicia. And if you are good at it, you can keep many suitors competing over you before you even need to choose one," said Morgan. "Now, come over here and watch me closely."

Felicia did as she was asked and got up to join Morgan with the naked human. The man's cock was so hard and erect that it was twitching and his whole body trembling. Felicia wondered if it was Morgan's words or looks that were stirring him up so, but she supposed it could have likely been both.

"First, we kneel down before him," commanded Morgan, and both the girls immediately dropped to their knees before the man. There were carpets and cushions everywhere and so fortunately the girls had something soft to kneel on.

As they knelt, Felicia now found herself staring directly at the human cock, just inches away from her elfin nose.

"Goddess," Felicia gasped, "it's even bigger up close!"

Kneeling next to her, Morgan flashed her green eyes at Felicia and licked her luscious elven lips.

"Since you already seem to be familiar with the foreplay of licking and kissing a cock, we're going to skip that and proceed with the main course," said Morgan. "Watch me first and pay close attention."

With that, Morgan leaned her head forward and parted her glistening red lips until they closed around the human's cock flesh and the head of his penis was in the raven haired elf's mouth. Morgan kept her eyes open and fixed on the human's eyes above her, and proceeded to steadily push her head deeper, inch by inch, until half of the throbbing member had disappeared between her lips, stretching them wide with the cock's girth.

"Mmmmmnh, mmmmnnhhh, hmmmmnnn, hmmmmnph," moaned Morgan as she blew the human.

Felicia could hear Morgan sucking loudly, the slick wet slurping sounds permeating the air as Morgan now began to bob her head upon the human cock. Her raven hair danced from the rhythmic motion as Morgan blew steadily faster. Morgan's mouth was full of cock, and yet on each stroke she seemed to be able to take a little more of the cock.

Before long, the slick slurping sounds had morphed into slippery, noisy gagging as the cock penetrated Morgan's throat repeatedly. Felicia had heard all the stories about taking a cock into the throat, the discipline to stop from retching, and the incessant gagging of the girls that the men seemed to take such delight in. But now here it was happening before her eyes.

Felicia marvelled at Morgan's ability. Morgan was truly deep throating the human's cock, despite its immense size. Her lips were now sliding to the base of the dick, and the man's balls slapping against her chin. Felicia could even see the bulge of the cock head in Morgan's throat as it worked in and out.

"Bmmmff! Mnnnnghh! Unnnghhh! Mmmmnfgggh!" Morgan gagged noisily as the cock invaded her throat.

When the human grabbed Morgan's head in his large barbaric hands, gripping her raven hair and the back of her head with sudden ferocity, Felicia almost screamed with alarm. Then she noticed Morgan's own hands upon the man's hips and ass, urging him to thrust deeper, faster and harder.

The blowjob had become a face fuck, and Felicia was as excited as she was terrified, feeling her pussy moisten rapidly as she watched her friend's mouth be used the same way she had spied Feirnor fuck his human slave girl's pussy; with speed and savagery. 

Morgan was moaning and gagging without end, her now screwed shut in concentration as the human grunted and thrust heavily into the elf's soaking wet mouth and slippery throat.

Then, Morgan tapped a finger on the barbaric human's hands upon her head, and the man immediately stopped. His hands withdrew to hang limply by his side, while his cock was released from Morgan's mouth as she pulled off, leaving it soaking and trembling in the open air, a long spit trail from her lips to the tip of the penis.

Morgan gasped for breath, coughed heavily a couple of times, and then let out a long moan of joy and relief.

"See Felicia, that is how you suck a man's dick," grinned Morgan. "Elf or human it's really the same principle."

"Goddess," gasped Felicia, "Morgan, that was incredible!"

"Thank you," said Morgan, "now, it's your turn."

"I don't think I can- mmmmffff!" Felicia was cut off as Morgan grabbed the back of her head and pushed her face swiftly down on the human's cock.

Felicia's mouth was suddenly filled with stiff, hot cock, still drenched from Morgan's spit. The dick lanced between her parted lips while Felicia had still been speaking and now stretched them tight. Felicia's eyes went wide and instinctively she tried to pull off, but Morgan's hand on the back of her head pressed down harder and kept her in place.

After a few moments, she began to adjust to the strange new sensation. The cock flesh was almost soft and spongy on the outside, but so firm and unyieldingly hard within. It tasted vaguely like elven cock, except so much stronger. A dense musty aroma filled her nose, and Felicia noted with a mixture of pride and alarm that some salty pre-cum had oozed out onto her tongue while she struggled to adapt to the massive piece of man meat filling her mouth.

"That's it, just take it in and hold it there," said Morgan, her hand still resting on the back of Felicia's head but no longer holding her down, "work your tongue a little around the head and then start to bob."

Felicia complied, following Morgan's instructions and feeling surprise as the cock twitched, throbbed and reacted inside her mouth. It was like it was alive, and hungry for more. Felicia began to bob her head back and forth, as far as she could manage, but quite quickly. She was suddenly eager to perform well in this strange new task, and the sensation of actually sucking on a cock had her incredibly excited.

"Very good, Felicia! Nice and fast on the head and those first few inches like that," encouraged Morgan. "You're a natural! Try and take more on each stroke as you go now, let's see how deep you can take it."

Felicia bobbed her head diligently on the vulgar human cock that was stretching her lips wide. She had developed something of a rhythm now, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked eagerly back and forth. The musky, salty taste of the human male was getting stronger now too, making Felicia heady with its powerful scent. Although it wasn't overly pleasant, there was something about it that excited her too.

"No, deeper, Felicia," insisted Morgan. "Like this!"

Before Felicia knew what was happening, the hand Morgan had on the back of Felicia's head was pressing down heavily and forcing the red haired elf to take more of the human cock.

"Mmmmfh! Bbbmmnffh!" protested Felicia with alarm as she found the dick in her mouth forced up against the opening of her throat, trying to squeeze its way past.

"Relax and open your throat, princess," said Morgan as she kept her grip on Felicia's head firm and held her down. "You have to learn how to deep throat if you want to be taken seriously by the men of the court."

Felicia struggled to suck the cock down deeper, choking as the cock head pressed aggressively against her throat entrance. Then the human gave a mighty thrust with his pelvis and with a swift popping sensation the throbbing cock plunged deep into Felicia's throat. Felicia's lips made sudden contact with the base of the man's cock, and her elfin nose squished into the human's hairy belly.

"Oh yes, that's a good little elf girl, you've done it princess!" exclaimed Morgan happily.

"Mmmnnffghhh! Unnnghhh! Fnnnnghhhuuhhh!" Felicia gagged noisily.

The human was groaning too, his head thrown back in pleasure as his cock was devoured by the elven princess Felicia.

"Mistress Morgan, I'm going to cum soon!" croaked the human.

"Ok Felicia, you can pull off now," said Morgan, releasing her firm grip on Felicia's head.

With a slurp and a gasp, Felicia wrenched herself off the human cock as fast as she could and coughed violently, spluttering as she regained her breath.

"You see," continued Morgan as if nothing much had happened, "an elven woman's throat is already much smaller and tighter than a human woman's, and together with the girth of a male human cock, the physical effect of deep throating is much faster and more pleasurable than usual. Even a human male with a lot of stamina won't last long in an elf girl, whether it's her mouth, ass, or Goddess forbid, her pussy."

"Goddess!" groaned Felicia, still recovering. "That was intense, Morgan! Is it always so difficult?"

"No, with practice you will grow accustomed to the art of it," said Morgan. "But see how this barbaric human cock here is throbbing and twitching so? And the balls have risen and tightened in anticipation? He is ready to spill his seed and you must be ready to catch it, either in your mouth for ingestion or on your face to beautify the skin."

"What do I do?" asked Felicia, watching the cock before her warily as she wiped some of the tears from her eyes that had come from her struggling and gagging.

"Some men will simply stroke themselves off to finish on you, but it is always better to take the initiative and suck them off yourself," said Morgan. "Go ahead. You needn't deep throat again for this session, he is already at the brink. Use your mouth on the head of his member, and stroke the shaft with your hand as if running it back and forth across the length of a spear."

Felicia darted her blue eyes up at the human's face. Despite his brutish size and appearance, there was something vulnerable and almost lovely about his expression now, filled with such need and desperation to cum. Smiling up at him, Felicia bobbed forward and returned her mouth to his cock, her wet lips engulfing the head and her tongue swiping the tip over and over again. Her warm, wet mouth sucked gently but quickly, creating a bath of pleasure for the crown of the barbaric cock.

Reaching up, Felicia grasped the shaft with one of her delicate elfin hands and stroked and tugged rapidly, encouraging the savage human cock to spill its valuable seed. Felicia wanted to be more beautiful and radiant than any of the ladies of the court, and if that meant drinking human cum, she was more than happy to do it.

"Aaaaaagh, here it comes, my lady! Forgive me, it will be a lot!" grunted the human as his knees buckled and his cock began to twitch and tremble in readiness. The sight of the kneeling elven princess at his feet, fair and freckled, red hair falling like a fountain, clear blue eyes staring up at him, and his cock between her lips, was all too much.

Felicia opened her mouth wider and stuck out her tongue, letting the cock head rest upon it as she stroked him off fiercely with her dainty little hand. For a moment she wondered what the slave's name was.

Before her thoughts could wander, the human ejaculated into her mouth.

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!" yelled the human, as his cock head pulsed and the first burst erupted across Felicia's tongue.

Felicia squealed as the cum flooded into her mouth, so much thicker, stickier and more than she could have imagined.

Despite the shock of the initial blast, Felicia kept stroking conscientiously, and soon a second and third offering had flung into her mouth and coated her tongue, teeth and more with hot, stinky seed.

"By Thurn's beard, take my cum!" shouted the man, lost in his pleasure, his previous discipline and reticence gone.

In the intensity of her jerking, the fourth and fifth shots sprayed widely, some landing in Felicia's mouth but the rest splattering across her cheeks, nose and chin, droplets of hot white ejaculate scattered over her face.

"Make sure not to lose any, Felicia, you need to swallow as much as you can," said Morgan, watching on gleefully as Felicia received her very first mouthful of cum.

Felicia dutifully closed her lips around the still pulsing head and let her mouth fill with the deluge of human seed. There was so much, and it tasted so foul, that Felicia's blue eyes were wide with alarm and displeasure. But she was not about to let it get the better of her, and so with great effort she squeezed her eyes shut and swallowed the copious volume of ejaculate that the human had unleashed in her mouth.

With the task complete, Felicia pulled off and took in sweet, fresh air. She looked over to Morgan who was grinning triumphantly.

"You've done exceedingly well, Felicia," said Morgan. "Many elf maidens struggle to take the load of seed properly on their first try, let alone swallow it. The taste can be foul, I know, but with time you will grow accustomed to it. Some even come to love it. Truly, you have now been initiated on the first stage to becoming an elf woman and lady of the court, Felicia."
