 John slowly opened his eyes, as the fog of the night's sleep began to fade from his mind. He was about to perform his normal stretching routine when he felt a strange weight on his left side. He looked down to see a mass of blonde hair resting against his shoulder, and the previous night's events came flooding back to him. He half-turned, careful not to wake his sleeping companion as he wrapped his arm around her again. This was a new experience for him and he savoured the feeling of protectiveness he felt for his young bed mate.

John's hand began to gently and carefully explore the nubile girl's body. Alyssa's tummy had shrunk back to normal again, her body voraciously consuming the high protein feast he had fed the pretty teenager the evening before. The gloriously smooth skin on her toned stomach felt incredible to his sensitive fingertips. His fingers roamed upwards, cupping one of her breasts which nearly filled his hand with warm, pliant flesh. He decided not to do any more exploring for fear of waking her, so he settled down for a nice lie-in and waited for the young girl to wake on her own. 

John didn't have to wait for long, as a mere ten minutes later Alyssa stirred as well. She seemed to flinch initially when she felt another body surrounding her, but as she regained full consciousness she sighed happily and snuggled into his embrace. She raised her hand to brush the wayward blonde locks from her face, and twisted in his arms to look up at him. John studied her lovely fresh young face and realised he would have to stop thinking of her as pretty, and more accurately describe her as beautiful. Alyssa's skin seemed to be glowing this morning and she looked radiant. Her piercing blue eyes were sharp and focused, watching his every movement intently. The wide, full smile on her face lifted his spirits and he felt a strange feeling of contentment and happiness that was most unusual for him.

"Do you know what I'd like to do today?" she asked him quizzically.

"I'm fascinated to find out," John replied, genuinely interested.

"Have breakfast in bed!" the exuberant teen answered, before ducking below the covers.

John could only moan appreciatively as the eager girl zeroed in on his stiffening shaft and engulfed him in the warm, wet softness of her mouth. He leaned back, fingers interlocked behind his head, as he enjoyed the insistent sucking sensation that felt so wonderful on his cock. He could see no sign of Alyssa, just the bobbing mound under the covers, but he could hear the delightfully debauched sounds of her slick mouth as she slid up and down his length.

He lost track of time as his enthusiastic companion worked her magic on him and before he knew it, he was gasping in pleasure as his balls gave up their sweet tasting reward. He came long and hard, serving the teenage girl her first meal of the day. Alyssa appeared from under the covers a few moments later, licking her lips suggestively. 

"Mmmm, that was a hearty breakfast," she purred contentedly, as she sat up and stroked her convex tummy.

"Thanks Alyssa, that was a magnificent way to start the day!" John said as he got up, and kissed the beautiful young woman squarely on the lips.

"You're welcum!" she replied.

"I am indeed!" riposted John as he swaggered to the shower. He stepped into the roomy cubicle and the autosensing jets of water began a rhythmic pitter-patter, as he relaxed under their warm caress. He was able to finish his shower uninterrupted, which left him feeling just slightly disappointed, as he'd hoped his lovely companion would join him.

He reached up for a towel as he left the shower, rubbing himself dry as he walked back into his cabin. The sight before him stopped him in his tracks. He almost had to pinch himself to check if he was dreaming as he marvelled at the sight before him.

His bed was a vision of orderly perfection. While he'd been in the shower, Alyssa had made his bed for him. He took in the crisp clear lines, the smoothed out pillows, even the 8" strip of sheet folded back over the cover. 

"That's how you like it, right?" she asked cautiously.

John picked the young woman up in a tight hug before swirling her in a circle around him. She laughed gaily, delighted at his reaction. He planted a big smacking kiss on her lips, before placing her down lightly on her feet again.

"Thanks honey, that was very thoughtful," he said, smiling down at her appreciatively. The girl basked in his praise and grinned up at him. John considered getting dressed, but then decided to embrace the new 'clothing optional' dress code aboard his ship.

"Is there anything else I can do to help around here?" Alyssa asked enthusiastically.

"If you could bring me some breakfast, and meet me in the cockpit, that would be fantastic," John replied. Having a crewmate was turning out to be most useful indeed.

Alyssa nodded eagerly and bounded out of the cabin. He followed the teenager out the door, turning right and heading into the cockpit. 

"I wish I still had that youthful energy," he thought to himself as he eased into the Pilot's seat.

John checked the ship's performance readouts and the long range scanner for any activity. He then moved on to track the progress the ship was making on the route home. He was so engrossed in the system charts that he didn't noticed when Alyssa returned, and placed an assortment of food carefully on the console. She sat quietly, quite fascinated, as she watched him follow their projected path through the holographic representation of the upcoming systems.

"Which system are we travelling through now?" the inquisitive girl asked, snapping him out of his preoccupied thoughts.

"This is Carilan-Prime," John said, pointing at the glowing red orb in the centre of the holo-display. His hand made a slight sweeping gesture and the display moved on to centre on a fiery orange orb surrounded by the arcs of its orbiting planets. "And this is Iridani-Major, we'll be travelling through here next," he said, his finger tracing the blue path of their intended course.

"I like learning about stars. Stars are pretty!" Alyssa chirped, her face a picture of wide eyed innocence.

John looked at her incredulously, before her expression broke suddenly and she dissolved into peals of laughter.

"You had me there for a minute," John grinned good naturedly.

"I'm sorry, John" the teenager said, smiling apologetically. She reached out and touched his arm. "Please continue, I'd love to know more."

John launched into a beginner's guide to Astro-Navigation. Alyssa was a remarkably quick study and was able to rapidly grasp the concepts of gravity wells, flight vectors, and directed thrust. He soon found himself moving on to more complex topics, and was pleasantly surprised that she was able to process and understand those too. They spent a few hours covering as much as he could recall off the top of his head, before he turned her loose to practice using the ship's navigation system. He was delighted with her progress as she plotted a potential course through a sector, using a slingshot manoeuvre around a gas giant to increase the ship's velocity.

"That was excellent, Alyssa! Are you sure you never received any kind of training on this before?" he asked her, quite amazed.

The girl shook her head, beaming at the praise.

"Keep this up and we'll make a first class navigator out of you in no time!" John said, grinning encouragingly, and waving her back to the console to continue practicing what he had just taught her.

He reached over to the food she had brought him and tucked in, savouring the fresh-tasting apple, and then chewing his way through the protein bars. He watched his eager new student as she cycled through the stellar charts, experimenting with navigation routes and flight trajectories. The teenager had a quick and agile mind, he realised, as he forced himself to re-evaluate his young companion. He pondered what a tragic waste her growing up in such a bleak environment had been. He felt sad, thinking about how many other bright young lives had their potential wasted in such a manner. 

Alyssa seemed to sense the change in his mood and looked over at the downcast expression on his face. "Did I do something wrong?" she asked, worried that she had upset him somehow.

"No, no, of course not, you've been doing great!" John replied quickly, snapping out of his dark introspection. "Sorry, my mind just wandered a bit."

"Maybe I can help distract you," Alyssa replied, as she rose from her chair and walked towards him. 

The sultry young woman held the back of his chair and gracefully swung her shapely leg over his thighs, before carefully lowering herself to sit in his lap facing him. It was a move John had seen exotic dancers perform before and Alyssa executed it perfectly. She cupped his face in her hands and then moved in to press her full lips against his. They shared a number of tender kisses before the girl's mouth parted and she delicately licked his lips with the tip of her tongue. Her tongue brushed over his lips as it darted into his mouth, as she began to intensify their passionate embrace. She kissed him fiercely, before he responded and began to duel her darting tongue with his own. 

John's body responded accordingly and his manhood grew thick and hard as the teenager kissed him eagerly. Her small breasts grazed over his chest, her pink nipples excited and erect. He moved his hands to hold her fantastically firm ass cheeks causing the girl to moan into his mouth. He lifted her slightly, then repositioned her, so that her labia were centred over the shaft of his burgeoning cock.

"Ooohhhhh!" she gasped, as he rocked her body along his length, her lubrication easing the way.

Alyssa opened her eyes and stared intently into his matching gaze. Her mouth was slightly parted, her lips glistening after their kiss. John's strong hands held her firmly and he stroked the teen's body along the underside of his cock, the warm wet velvety touch feeling amazing. She moaned breathily, her face mere inches from his own as he rocked her in his lap.

The girl's clit was in constant contact with the firm heat of his shaft and her thighs began to tremble as her body revelled in the stimulation. Alyssa threw her head back, her hair billowing out behind her as she rode him to climax. 

"Oh! I'm coming!" she wailed, as her body reacted to the overwhelming sensations from her clit. 

She arched her back, her tummy pressed against him as she came hard, her hips making tiny rocking movements as she thrust against him. She rode out her orgasm, before collapsing forward to rest on his chest. He stroked her back comfortingly as her panting breath tickled his neck. Eventually her breathing returned to normal as she sat up and thanked him with a soft, tender kiss.

Alyssa lifted herself off his lap, smoothly dismounting and standing to his side. He'd already begun to miss the silky smoothness of her body where she had straddled him. She turned towards the doorway, looking over her shoulder with a lust filled, heavy lidded glance, and held out her hand for him to take. John rose behind her and reached out to take her small hand in his much larger one. The beautiful young woman turned back to face the door, and led him back to his cabin. He could only follow mutely, transfixed by the hypnotic movement of her hips and the way her perfectly rounded ass cheeks seemed to sway enticingly.

They entered his room and Alyssa let her hand slip from his. She turned to look at him coyly over her shoulder, as she climbed on to the bed, arching her back suggestively. She waited patiently as his roaming eyes drank in the delicious curves of her body, before he locked eyes with her again. Never dropping eye contact, she smoothly rotated her body so that she was lying down on her back, her head towards him. Alyssa let her eyes drift closed, then moved back just enough so that her shoulders were resting near the end of the bed, her head tilted slightly backwards. Her mouth slowly opened, her full succulent lips forming a welcoming oval. Her pink tongue darted out to lick her top lip suggestively, before waiting for him invitingly.

John realised he'd been holding his breath, transfixed as he was by the erotic and sensual display. He took a deep breath to steady himself, before walking towards the prostrate girl in front of him. She was offering him her body to use for his pleasure, and after feeling her spasming along his length only a short while back, he was desperate for his own release.

He hefted his massive cock, bringing the swollen mushroom head to rest on Alyssa's wonderfully soft lips. Her tongue snaked out, licking daintily at the tip, leaving him glistening in its wake. He saw her chest rise, her lungs filling with air as she took a deep breath, before she opened her mouth wider and engulfed the throbbing head of his dick. John leaned over the girl, placing his hands on either side of her torso, his body dwarfing hers.

The urge to thrust forward was irresistible and his hips pushed forward. His mighty cock slid smoothly to the back of Alyssa's mouth, before finding the familiar entrance to her throat. He stopped to savour the warmth of her hot little mouth surrounding him, as she sucked eagerly, beckoning him deeper. Taking the hint, he drove forward, impaling the teenagers welcoming body until his balls rested over her nose. It was fascinating to watch her slim neck bulge outwards as his invading tool forced her tight throat to accommodate his girth.

"Ahh!" he gasped in relief, feeling the warm, snug grip as he was embedded to his full length again. 

"Mmm!" Alyssa moaned contentedly, the vibrations feeling incredible as she sucked him, with him resting deep in her gullet.

His balls ached for release and he could feel them trembling with anticipation. He slowly and cautiously withdrew the entirety of his male sword from its female sheath, until the head cleared the wanton teens lips. He paused for a moment, his heavy tool throbbing forebodingly above the teenagers head as she leaned up to plant soft sensuous kisses along his shaft.

Alyssa's mouth opened into that inviting oval for him again and he took up that invitation, gliding into her proffered throat with one long, satisfying thrust. He began to drive his cock into her encouraging and welcoming mouth, truly face fucking the beautiful girl for the first time. 

Alyssa revelled in being pinned to the bed under him as he pounded her mouth and throat. She used her lips to maintain a tight seal around him and sucked encouragingly whenever he paused in his smooth thrusting action. She looked up at his four swollen balls as they swayed back and forth above her face. Soon their contents would be blasting into her slim young belly, forcing her body to expand and house their delicious cream. She could hardly wait.

John drove forward again and again, his breathing becoming laboured as he got closer to his peak. He pulled out completely so that Alyssa could breathe, but she grabbed his ass and pulled him back into her enticing throat. Her clear excitement and lust triggered his climax and his body spasmed powerfully as his balls raised up to deliver their cargo.

He bellowed with relief as the orgasm washed over him, thick heavy spunk blasting out of his cock to fill the waiting girl below him. He could only stare starry eyed at her rapidly moving throat, as she sucked eagerly to get every last drop of his cum. Surge after surge of semen filled the young girl's stomach as her tummy desperately tried to house the warm, heavy meal. John watched in awe as her belly rounded out and rapidly inflated as he unloaded his spunk into her. 

"Mmmph!" Alyssa moaned out her own orgasm as her thighs trembled in time with John's.

The powerful pulses of cum eventually subsided and John pulled his spent cock from the girl's lovely lips. He pitched forward and collapsed on the bed to her side as he laboured for breath. Alyssa bathed in the afterglow of her orgasm and stroked her swollen midriff contentedly, loving the fantastically full feeling. She covered John with the sheet where he lay comatose on the bed and snuggled in behind him, hugging the broad expanse of his back. She sighed happily as she waited for him to return to the land of the living. 

John gradually recovered from the explosive orgasm, his balls feeling satisfyingly numb after energetically delivering their load. He turned to face Alyssa, where she was lying behind him and kissed her softly. 

"That was amazing!" he thanked her appreciatively. 

Alyssa returned his kiss, then rubbed the tip of her nose against his in an eskimo kiss, before smiling broadly.

"Help me up would you handsome?" the teenager requested holding out one of her hands, while the other rested on top of her sperm bloated belly. 

"Sure thing, beautiful," John replied, as he gallantly took her hand, assisting the unbalanced girl to her feet. 

Alyssa looked hesitant for a moment. "Is it okay if I continue learning about astro-navigation?" she asked shyly.

"Go right ahead," John answered, pleased that she was so keen to learn. "Just let me know if you see anything on the long range scanner."

His enthusiastic student nodded eagerly and set off to the cockpit, humming happily to herself. John worked through a mental checklist of maintenance chores that needed completing, before coming up with a number of tasks that would keep him busy for a few hours.

This developed into a pattern for the next week, with John working on various jobs around the ship, while his young guest spent her hours learning as much as she could absorb. They met up regularly for mealtimes before he would send her on her way with a nicely rounded out tummy.

John woke on one particular morning, slowly opening his eyes to see Alyssa's excited face watching him closely. 

"Oh goodie, you're finally awake!" she grinned exuberantly. "Come on, I want to show you something!" the perky teenage bubbled, her excitement contagious.

"What is it?" John asked groggily, still not quite fully awake. The beautiful young woman swung lithely over him before pivoting gracefully and landing nimbly on her feet. 

"Come and see!" she called to him over her shoulder, as she skipped out of the room.

John roused himself and followed the girl out of his cabin. He strolled into the cockpit and sat down in the pilot's chair, spinning it to face her. Alyssa suddenly seemed nervous, as though she was apprehensive about revealing her surprise now that he was there and waiting. 

"I plotted a new course to the core worlds," she said, hesitantly. "Please take a look, and see what you think."

John nodded agreeably and turned to look at the holo-display, curious to see what his protégé had been up to. The display sprung up before him, clearly showing their current path through the upcoming star systems highlighted in blue. The computer helpfully displayed an ETA next to his blue course, the digits indicating fifteen days. Alyssa reached over and her fingers flickered, summoning up the overlay showing her proposed course highlighted in green. He looked over at the summary for the green course, wondering how Alyssa had got on and was shocked to see the result... ten days.

"There must be some kind of mistake," John thought to himself, as he double checked the summary. No, the course was definitely plotted from their current location to his intended core world system. He began to zoom in to the system charts, looking at the route in more detail as it wove its way from star to star. 

He was able to follow the calculations for a while, before some things didn't look right. He was about to point out what he believed to be several mistakes when he suddenly remembered that the Navi-computer had confirmed the girl's course was valid. He turned to look at his young companion and saw that she was nibbling on one of her nails nervously, awaiting his verdict.
