 Though his heart ached for the loss of Meruwen, his beautiful companion, Fenrohir slowly became accustomed to traveling alone. The rolling hills of the Shire country were beautiful, especially in late spring when the flowers were coming to full bloom. Though he traveled alone and slept under the stars night after night, Fenrohir did not miss too keenly the companionship of which the trip through the Downs had earlier deprived him.

Or so he believed, until early one evening as he lay upon his mat, looking up at the darkening sky, he heard faintly the sound of soft voices. Having kept mostly to the country, seldom even passing within sight of towns or villages, Fenrohir had not heard other human voices for weeks. The sound evoked within him a sudden sense of longing, and he sat up.

Away to his left through the trees, he saw movement. It seemed as though a great body of people was passing along the road, which wound slowly towards him through the forest. There was the faintest glow of blue light, and for a moment Fenrohir recalled the sickly hue of the Barrow-Wight. But his fears were quickly allayed: surely these were not Wights, but elves. Their fair voices drifted sweetly through the evening air, soft and musical. Fenrohir felt a great joy fill his heart, and he longed to run to them.

Yet as the company approached on the road, they turned away suddenly into the trees on the far side of the road. Dancing and singing merrily, they followed some unseen path until they disappeared from view. Fenrohir felt a powerful curiosity grow in his mind, and suddenly he found he had risen from his mat and was creeping across the road and into the trees, following the elves.

At last he caught sight of the flickering firelight and the peaceful blue glow of the mysterious company far ahead of him. As Fenrohir approached cautiously, he found the elves had come to a large clearing, and there they lingered, taking food and drink and laughing merrily in their sweet voices.

Reluctant to make his presence known to these strangers, fair though they seemed, Fenrohir crouched just outside the clearing and watched the merry feast. He began to think of returning to his mat beneath the stars, where much-needed sleep awaited him, when suddenly he sensed a change in the company before him.

Plates and dishes were carried swiftly away and stashed elsewhere. Elves sitting in groups of three or four throughout the clearing sat drinking together and whispering in soft voices. Some clasped the hands of their fellows, while yet others embraced. If Fenrohir thought this behavior odd, what happened next startled him even more.

A tall male elf in the group nearest to Fenrohir pulled his lovely female companion to him and began to kiss her. She responded eagerly to the kiss, wrapping her long, thin arms around his neck. To Fenrohir's surprise, the others in the group did not look uncomfortable; if anything, they seemed to approve. The other male reached out and began to stroke the female's long curling tresses; the other woman caressed both of their arched backs at once.

And then abruptly Fenrohir realized that every elf throughout the clearing was touching or kissing another. Men kissed women, and other men, and sometimes both at once. To the right of the clearing, three beautiful elven women were kissing each other at the same time; Fenrohir could see their tiny pink tongues darting out from between their lips and dancing around one another. Their hands strayed over the loose, thin cloth of their garments, stroking shoulders and hips and breasts. Beside them, two males lay side by side, kissing each other while a gorgeous female sat above them and ran her fingers through their curling hair.

As if by some unseen or unheard agreement, clothing began to come off. Two males fairly shredded the gossamer wrapping of a petite female as she lay writhing in the grass. They caressed her thin white body, their hands roving eagerly over her small breasts and thighs. She pulled their hardened cocks out of their trousers, tugging on them both at once, one in each dainty hand.

The trio of females had eagerly stripped off their clothing, revealing bodies so similar they could have been triplets. The only observable difference was the long hair that spilled down their backs, falling around three luscious asses. For each was a different color: one blonde, one red-haired, and one brunette. Three pairs of full, round tits pressed up against one another as the girls continued to kiss and stroke each other; six identical pink nipples rubbed against the pale flesh. Between their spread thighs, Fenrohir saw the same fine, blond hair, neatly trimmed to reveal sweet tender pussies of identical shape.

Although Fenrohir knew it not, the three girls were indeed sisters, identical triplets born to an elf queen in the land of the Galadrim. They wore tiny silver circlets in their hair and simple silver bracelets about their slim wrists. Most beautiful of all living creatures were they, and perfect in every way, if a keen sexual appetite is considered perfect.

Fenrohir felt his cock grow as he watched the ladies make love to one another. The blonde lay down upon the grass and spread her pale arms wide; her sisters came and lay within the crook of each arm. They took one tiny nipple between their full lips and suckled her large breasts while their long, slim fingers caressed the tender flesh between her thighs.

Near them, one of the males had knelt down on all fours, his ass high in the air, while the other came up behind him and began to lap at his asshole. Their lovely female companion straddled his back and bent over him, rutting her clit against his spine while she bathed his own exposed asshole with her kitten-like tongue.

Fenrohir observed that some elves lay scattered throughout the clearing and did not participate, but were content to strip naked and pleasure themselves however they wished. One male watched the three elven princesses while he slowly jacked his long, ridgid cock. Another did the same, though he looked back and forth between the trio and the two males beside them, finding each equally arousing. A woman had managed to contort herself and lay with her head between her thighs where she lapped hungrily at her own pussy.

Although the elves pleasured one another with tongues and fingers, Fenrohir had not yet observed any penetration. Suddenly, at the center of the clearing where a single white birch tree grew, two elves rose: a man and a woman, both tall and naked and beautiful. They each raised a glass, and at once cups were brought round, filled with fragrant liquor, and the entire company emptied them together. Then, casting her cup aside, the lady bent over at her hip, steadying herself against the trunk of the tree, while the male annointed his long, hard cock with what was left of the strange drink. It seemed to lubricate his shaft, so that when he plunged deep into his lover's pussy, he felt no resistance. Her small hanging tits hung beneath her and swayed rhythmically as he began to fuck her, the hard, long nipples pointing downward towards the ground.

This seemed to be the sign for which the others had waited. All at once, cocks began to plunge into pussies, assholes, and mouths. Moans and cries filled the clearing, as did the sound of skin slapping against wet skin. If the elves had seemed gentle and loving before, they now appeared merely lustful. They stopped kissing and began fucking, harder and faster as their desire grew. 

One of the lone females knelt on all fours, sliding three fingers into her tight asshole. A male approached her and, without asking permission, indeed without speaking a word, plunged his cock into her vacant pussy. She did not look pleased, but nevertheless let out a moan as he pounded pleasurably into her. Moments later he pulled the girl's fingers out of her ass and replaced them with his own. 

Fenrohir's glance shifted once more. The tiny elf who had been stroking her companions' cocks was now swallowing their them one at a time, looking up into their faces as knelt before them. First one, then the second, then the first again, back and forth, again and again. At last she pulled them both to her at once and stuffed the two hard shafts as far into her mouth as she could. They rubbed against one another in her warm, wet mouth, lubricated by copious amounts of saliva that dripped from the corners of her lips.

Fenrohir fixed his gaze once more on the trio of sisters. The blonde had mounted the brunette's face, rutting her pussy and asshole against the eager tongue below her. The third sister, an auburn beauty, bent over in front of her, eating out the brunette while offering her own pussy to the blonde. The big-titted elven princesses lapped at the swollen lips and clits of their sisters for a while, then began to slide slender fingers into the dripping holes in front of them. Fenrohir could hear their moans and squeals as the girls each added a second finger in tandem, then a third. Finally a fourth slid in, then the thumb, at which point each girl curled her fingers into a fist, which she slid into her sister's tight hole. The sight of three gorgeous identical twins fisting each other was too much for the two male onlookers, and they began to shoot ropes of cum all over their chests.

The girls, however, were not finished. As each pumped a fist into another's pussy, she received a matching fist in their own. Over and over again they pounded each other, their tight elf cunts drooling sweet, sparkling cum from their swollen lips. Their squeals turned into ragged screams of pleasure. Then, one by one, they began to cum. First the blonde, screaming with pleasure, lifted her cunt up off the brunette's fist. Her gaping pussy gushed out a flood of cum all over her sister's face; the brunette waited with mouth open, eagerly swallowing every drop that squirted down into it. 

This seemed to send her over the edge, and she also began to cum. Her red-headed sister still had her fist lodged deep inside, so the liquid came squirting out around the girl's wrist. When she finally removed it, a flood of liquid gushed out into the grass between the brunette's thighs. The red-head lapped at the sopping, gaping cunt before her, awaiting her own climax.

It did not come for several minutes. It seemed her sister's fist was not enough to send her over the edge--the blonde first had to slide several fingers into the tight, puckered asshole before at last the red-head came, gushing and squirting like a geyser all over her sisters' tits. They collapsed together into a heap of flesh then, stroking each others' sweaty, cum-covered bodies and giggling with pleasure.

Fenrohir himself had painted the surrounding leaves with his own cum at this final display, and now tucked his softening cock back into his trousers. As he turned to leave, something strange caught his eye, and he froze suddenly in place. One of the women had remained clad in a loose-fitting cotton dress the same color as her long, glossy red hair. For most of the evening, she had knelt behind one of her male companions, lapping at his puckered asshole. Now as Fenrohir watched, she rose and slipped the garment over her shoulders and down to her waist. Bending, she pulled it down to her ankles and stepped carefully out of it. Once the woman straightened up, Fenrohir gave a gasp.

Though her frame was thin and delicate, upon her chest sat firm, round tits, as large as Meruwen's had been, and capped with dark red nipples to match her flowing hair. Her stomach was smooth and flat, and sloped down to her pelvis. It was here that Fenrohir's stare was fixed, for below the fine red hair that covered her mound grew a long, thick cock. It had to have been as large as Fernohir's, if not larger. Below it hung swung two balls, smaller than his own, but real--Fenrohir could see no straps or other means of attachment. The beautiful woman (although Fenrohir now found himself wondering if she truly could be labeled so) stroked her hard cock, coaxing a few drops of precum from the fat tip. These she smeared around the head and, coming up behind her kneeling companion, slid the massive member into his waiting asshole. Fenrohir heard him groan with pleasure, even as she began sawing in and out of his hole, balls slapping against his own, tits bouncing merrily. A man and a woman came up on either side of her and each hefted one of the heavy tits in their hands. They sucked hungrily upon the fat nipple, making the woman moan and fuck her lover even harder.

Fenrohir forced himself to rise. Despite his desire to continue to observe the bizarre scene, the night was wearing quickly on, and he did not wish to be caught spying. The cries and moans of the elves drifted after him as he slipped off into the trees, back to his mat, where he fell into sensual dreams, the nature of which he found himself ashamed to admit when he awoke in the morning.