 Alia sat on the city bus patiently but desperately on her way home. Her breasts, which she hadn't had that morning but it was part of her change, were constricted in her shirt, and she just wanted to get it off. That wasn't the only thing she wanted off, though. She put her bookbag on the left side of her and jumped as the dildo inside vibrated a little. She reached in and adjusted it so it wasn't sitting on the power button. She zipped her bag up again and tucked her bulge back down between her legs, the bookbag blocking the view of the passenger across the aisle. She was so wet, and she just wanted to get home and take care of this.

Her mind drifted to earlier, when she had the dream her sister Mara told her would happen. On one side of the room was the self she was used to, the one with just a vagina, and it was leaking and twitching with a need for the new version of herself on the other side, a penis hard and throbbing. Having sex with herself brought on an orgasm in her sleep like she'd never experienced, and she woke up humping her bed mercilessly, her panties soaked with cum. When she used the shower head to wash herself down there, the water brought on another hard orgasm, and she bit back a scream. Her legs locked up, and she fell against the wall gasping in ecstasy. Her nipples were hard and sensitive, and squeezing them gave her multiple orgasms that made her squeak out little moans of pleasure that she couldn't hold in.

She tried to focus at breakfast that morning, not appear as horny as she felt. Her parents seemed none the wiser. As in love as they were, they were often too engrossed with each other in the morning. Her mom caressed her dad's hair as she passed him while cooking. Her mom, being a pure bred of her planet, didn't need to eat, but Alia and Mara were half human. Alia felt Mara's eyes on her while she chewed and looked up, but Mara returned to her plate.

"I can take you to class, but you'll have to get the bus home today, Alia," Mara said between bites.

"That's fine." Alia squeezed her legs together as her clit throbbed. She hoped she could get through her classes.

Every bump in the road vibrated against Alia's clit, and she crossed her legs as nonchalantly as possible. The pressing of her thighs against her swollen button, however, sent a jolt into her belly. The juices of her pussy walls dampened her panties, and when she squeezed her thighs together, she gasped and covered it up with a cough as an orgasm surged through her body.

"Are you okay?" Mara asked.

"Yes," Alia forced out. She took a deep breath and smoothed her curls back from her face. "I'm okay. Just a little off."

Mara glanced at her, then back to the road. As Alia's orgasm subsided, she realized her clit was throbbing more, burning. Her heart sped up, and she felt its beat between her legs. This couldn't be happening now, not with her sister right beside her. She would never be able to hide it.

"If you need to talk, it's okay."

Alia sighed. "You know what's happening, don't you?"

"It happened to me, too."

Alia's face flushed. "This is so embarrassing."

"It's natural for our kind. Don't be ashamed of it." Mara pulled off to a side road towards the park. Sometimes they took the road when traffic was heavy, and the park was always empty that early in the morning. "I'm going to help you, or you'll really be in pain."

She knew what her sister meant by helping her, so Alia only nodded, blushing more. Alia and Mara were really close. Alia had seen her sister's tan, naked body more times than she could count. She'd even seen her mom's beautiful brown form when she was younger, and she dreamed of having a feminine dick like theirs.

"Uncross your legs carefully," Mara said as she parked at the end of the lot.

Alia didn't understand the carefully part, but she slowly pulled her legs away from each other. Her breath caught as her clit swelled with the release of pressure, and she moaned. Her breasts tingled beneath her blouse and swelled as well, her nipples hardening. Mara reached over to her glove compartment and opened it to reveal something Alia didn't expect: a long, pink, gel dildo shaped like a perfect penis. Alia gasped and closed her eyes as her pussy sucked at her wet panties. Her clit was burning a little more, and the sensation went up into her pelvis like a rod and stayed there. She touched between her legs and felt her clit had swollen beyond her pussy lips.

"Oh God."

"It's okay. You're just growing." Mara lifted Alia's skirt and grazed the lump where her clit was. Alia bucked in the air and gasped. "Take off your panties, and put your legs on the dash."

Alia pulled her soaked panties away and looked down at the closed hood of her clit. It looked like the head of a penis waiting to emerge. She touched it and cried out at the orgasm the slight touch caused. Mara took her legs and placed them on the dashboard. She caressed Alia's thigh and ran the dildo head along her wet pussy lips.

"This will feel awesome."

Mara slid the dildo past Alia's pussy and pushed it slowly in. The burning in Alia's clit melted away into nothing but pleasure, and she breathed in deeply. Her clit grew as Mara pushed. She pulled out a little, then pushed it in more, and Alia watched as her dick developed slowly.

"You can touch it," Mara said.

Alia wrapped three fingers around the two inches that had grown and rubbed her thumb along the head. Precum slipped between her thumb, and she moaned a little more. Mara pulled the dildo out and pushed it back in, and Alia's dick grew another inch.

"Faster," Alia breathed.

Mara chuckled and started a nice rhythm, pumping Alia's dick into full growth at five and half inches. Alia started rubbing her new member up and down, the precum leaking freely now and providing a sweet lubricant when Alia brought her fingers to her mouth. Her hips ground slowly against the gel covering of the dildo, and she bit her lip with pleasure, no longer caring that it was her sister getting her off. Alia took one of her swollen breasts into her other hand and squeezed it, rubbing her palm against her nipple.

"Mara, this is...ugh." Alia let her head fall back against the seat. She looked down at Mara's lap and noticed the tent forming under her own skirt. Alia stopped squeezing her breast and reached down to move Mara's skirt out of the way. She had no panties on! Her lady dick was standing stiff and purple, crying precum as Mara fucked her little sister with a dildo. Alia took a hold of her sister's beautiful shaft and began to pump it in her hand. Mara gasped and twisted the dildo around in Alia's pussy.

"Ohhh...Mara..."

"Alia," Mara moaned. "That feels so good."

Alia squeezed both of their dicks as pleasure packed itself into her belly. Mara reached around and pressed a button on the end of the dildo. Alia screamed in shock as vibrations ran up her walls. Mara then did something else unexpected. She leaned forward and took Alia's dick in her mouth, licking and sucking it as Alia's belly got tighter and tighter. She lost it then, and her pussy clenched hard around the dildo. Heat raced up her shaft, and she felt the first splash of her own girl cum erupt from her head. Mara bobbed up and down as she swallowed each drop with ease. Alia cried out in time with each clench of her pussy and spurt of her dick into Mara's mouth, fucking her face shamelessly. Her body tensed as the orgasm didn't seem to want to stop, but she came down gradually, her chest heaving with satisfaction.

Mara pulled away with one final lick up Alia's shaft, and it was her turn to cry in shock as Alia bent over her lap to return the favor. She licked up and down Mara's throbbing lady dick before taking it fully into her mouth, tasting the sweet precum flowing from her head. Mara grabbed her breasts and squeezed them with a rough moan. Alia took over thrusting the vibrating dildo in and out of her soaked hole. She swallowed Mara's dickhead and swirled her tongue along the shaft as Mara's hips came up to meet her face. She bobbed back up until only Mara's head was in her mouth, kissed it and lashed it with her tongue before she thrust all the way down to swallow Mara's dick.

"Alia, where did you, ahhhh."

Mara ran her hand into her little sister's hair, bucking slowly into her face as she clinched her nipple between her thumb and forefinger. Alia squeezed her own legs tight around the dildo and moved her hand to slide three fingers into Mara's dripping pussy, ramming in and out of it.

"Yes, fuck me, little sister, fuck me!"

Mara's hips started to thrash against Alia's face, and she cried out in pure ecstacy. As Alia's belly tightened again, Mara's cries grew louder and harsher. The sisters came toegether, their walls pulsing in time with one another. Mara's juices squirted past Alia's fingers as her cum splashed the back of her throat. Alia choked in surprise but then swallowed each spurt of cum. Mara came down from her orgasm with long, deep sighs. Alia sucked the last few spurts of cum from her and sat up to meet a loving kiss from Mara. Their cum on each other's tongue mixed together, and they shared another hungry, lustful kiss to get the taste.

"Oh my God, I've never cum that hard," Mara sighed, pecking Alia's lips.

"Can we do it again?" Alia asked, kissing her sister's cheek and neck.

"We will. You should try your classes, though."

Alia and Mara couldn't help but to kiss again, their tongues fighting to hold each other. Mara pulled some tissues from the glove compartment, and they both wiped themselves dry before Mara started the car and drove off.

*****

Alia was horny from just remembering what they had done in the car, and she went from tucking her dick down between her legs to rubbing it on the bus, breathing quietly but deeply as her pussy walls began to moisten. She remembered how she was okay for the first hour, but by second, she felt her dick getting hard beneath her skirt, her pussy swelling and crying with a need for release. When her professor let them out for their break, her thighs were slick with wetness, and she left to find Mara, usually studying before her lab.

Mara was heading towards the library when she spotted Alia coming towards her. She noticed the flush in her sister's face, walked casually by and took her hand. Alia's pussy twitched at her touch. They went to other side of the campus, to the locker room in the abandoned sports center, and Mara pressed Alia up against the lockers, rubbing their hard dicks together beneath their skirts as she plunged her tongue into her mouth. Alia slid her hands beneath Mara's shirt and grabbed her breasts, kneading and squeezing them as their tongues caressed each other. Mara moaned in Alia's mouth. She unsnapped their skirts and let them fall as she grabbed both of their dicks in her hand, milking them of precum. Alia joined her hand with hers and felt the slick surfaces crushed against each other.

"I want you inside of me," Alia begged.

Mara kissed her neck and pulled her to the benches. Alia lifted her legs eagerly, and Mara wrapped them around her waist. She took her dick in her hand and rubbed it along Alia's lips. Alia whimpered and thrust forward, trying to catch her sister's dick in her throbbing pussy. Mara moved to the entrance and slowly pressed inside. Alia unbuttoned her shirt and grabbed her own breasts, her nipples standing at full attention. Mara pushed in until she was all the way to her hilt. The edges of their pussies kissed.

"You're so fucking tight, Alia."

"Is that bad?"

"No, sweetie, it's wonderful."

Mara pulled out and thrust back in. Alia arched her back in extreme pleasure. Mara pulled all the way out and thrust back in another time, a moan bubbling up in her throat. She drove into her sister with long, tender strokes, caressing her legs as she plunged in and out of her. Mara let her head fall back as she moaned louder. Alia reached forward and pulled her sister down. She unbuttoned her blouse and unsnapped her bra with once fierce flick, pulling her left breast into her mouth to lick and suck. Mara thrust harder then, groaning and panting into Alia's hair. Mara's dick grinding against Alia's G-spot made her squeeze her legs tighter around Mara's waist, pulling her deeper into her until Mara's head tapped Alia's cervix. Mara pulled Alia's face up to meet hers, and she licked Alia's lips in a hungry call. Alia licked back, and they shared another sensual kiss, their lips pressed together just as the rest of their body. Alia massaged Mara's back and butt cheeks, thrusting up to meet her sister's hips. Her dick rubbed between them, oozing precum until they were slick with it.

"I love you, Mara," Alia panted.

"I love you, Alia," Mara said before kissing her again.

The friction on Alia's dick was becoming too much. Her moans were muffled in her sister's mouth, and she pulled her harder onto her to enjoy the sensation. Their breasts rubbed hard against each other's nipples. Mara's thrusts started coming faster. Their lower lips smacked loudly when they met.

"Cu-cu-cumming!" Alia forced herself to whisper.

"Me, too," Mara gasped.

Alia's walls gripped Mara's dick as it spurt wave after wave of girl spunk into her. Her own cum burst from her dickhead and pooled between their bodies. Mara pounded into Alia's pulsing pussy, pressing her face into her sister's neck to quiet her cries. Alia let out silent screams, her back arching again as her body felt on fire with the passion rushing through it.

"Ah-ah-ah!" she couldn't help but let out as Mara kept ramming into her, sending her into another orgasm. Mara groaned in ecstasy. Alia covered her mouth until she could hold in her cries. She started seeing spots as her walls convulsed. Her head swam, and then everything went black.

"Alia? Alia? Wake up!" Alia opened her eyes. Mara was looking down at her with large, teary eyes. She must have fainted. "Don't scare me like that!"

"I'm sorry," Alia said and wiped Mara's cheeks. "I just couldn't take it anymore."

"Well, let me know next time. I'll try to stop sooner." Mara pecked Alia's lips and started to pull away.

Alia shuddered from an aftershock as her sister's limp girl cock slid out of her. She caressed her breasts, slick with shimmery, clear cum, and licked her hand. "How am I ever going to adjust to this?"

Mara lay down next to her and held her. "You will. It's hard at first...literally, all the time, but after a few days..."

"Days?"

"I know. All you'll want to do is fuck everything, but after a few days, it'll calm down."

"I can't believe I..." She kissed Mara's chest and stroked her own limp cock. "It feels so good."

"Mom said when we find our mates, it'll feel so much better. You must never hear her and Daddy. You should wake up in the middle of the night sometimes." Mara's cock twitched a little, but she squeezed it to hold off the bloodflow. "I jerk off to them every night."

"Will they be mad at us?"

"No, I told Mom you were about to grow, and she told me to help you. A classmate did it for her, and she knew I would be okay with it."

"So that's why you didn't have on panties today?"

Mara giggled. "You were acting too squirmy at breakfast."

Alia blushed. "Well, thank you."

Mara kissed Alia, and then, they sat up. "Go back to class. Try to get through the rest of the day, will you?"

"I will." They fixed their clothes back and shared one last kiss before they walked hand-in-hand out of the locker room.