 A continuation. You may need to read Ch. 1 to understand what is happening.

Alia got inside and dropped her book bag at the door with an exasperated sigh. She rubbed her thighs together unconsciously, the fabric between her legs wet with her aroused sexes. Her dick had been at full attention when she got off the bus, and having her hand tucked between her legs down the sidewalk was her only option. She even had to run and hide behind a neighbor's bushes, hardly making it before she lost control. Cum bathed the bushes as her hands raced up and down her shaft, her pussy gripping the air as she climaxed. She would've thought that was enough, but her dick stayed semi-hard the rest of the way home.

She almost tore her clothes off as she hurried up the stairs and closed her bedroom door. The release of her breasts made her sigh with relief. She had left her panties in Mara's car, so all she had left was her tented skirt to snap off while she stepped out of her shoes. She bent and reached into her book bag. She was glad Mara had given the dildo to her so she could get through the rest of the day without her. But damn if Mara's cock inside her didn't feel better. Now she had her own.

Alia tossed the dildo onto the bed, turned around and stepped back to see her new body in the mirror on her door. Her breasts didn't even need a bra that morning. Now, they were a gorgeous 32 C, her brown nipples hard and pointing at their reflection in the mirror. She stared down at her new addition with admiration. It was perfect for her body, the head still resembling the clit it was that morning, but the shaft was hard and throbbing in time with her heartbeat. A dribble of precum slipped down it as Alia backed up to sit on the foot of her bed. She bit her lip and watched herself take her pointer finger to the head, swirling the clear fluid around and around.

"Ungh." Alia's hips bucked as her cock twitched, crying a little more precum to lube herself with. Her pussy walls dribbled juices, and Alia scooted back so she could open her legs to view her glistening lower lips. She dug her fingers inside her hole and pulled them out to lube her shaft. "Oooh," she breathed, running her hand up and down her penis. She brought her other hand to squeeze a nipple and gasped as a jolt ran down her belly. Alia fell back against her bed and caressed her breast as she thrust into her other hand. "Shit," she panted. Her dickhead hurt but felt so good, and she palmed it for more precum. "Mara," she said to herself, imagining her sister's beautiful mouth wrapped around it, her tongue on the head. "Mara, suck me off."

Alia's hand and hips went faster and faster as her belly grew tight, her love juices pouring from her untouched pussy. She just wanted to fuck her hand for now. She would cum either way. "Oh! Oh! Ohhh!" Alia's back arched involuntarily as she exploded, her girl spunk racing up her shaft and hitting her breasts. Her pussy pulsed fiercely, her walls almost touching each other as she came. "Ahhhhh, fuck!" Alia bucked into her hand as shot after shot of cum hit her. Her feet curled with the intensity of her orgasm. Alia panted and rubbed her breasts as it subsided, brought her fingers to her mouth and licked away the sweet cum. Then, she sat up with a sigh and watched her penis fall between her legs, still slightly stiff. She looked at the head as she licked more cum from it, and she had a thought.

Alia lifted her penis and stretched it to the full five and a half inches. She moved her curls to one shoulder and bent down over her fist, her girlhead poking out. The heat of her breath against it sent blood back into her dick, stiffening it more until there was no more need to pull it. Alia relaxed her grip, stuck her tongue out, and licked at her head. She moaned a little and licked her lips before lashing her girlhead again. Another moan rolled up her throat as she watched the precum ooze out of her tip. She licked that away. Alia pursed her lips and kissed her head, closing her eyes as her dick hardened even more. Her pussy twitched and churned. Alia stopped, stood, and picked up the dildo. She held it in place as she squatted down over it, swirling her drooling pussy lips against the head. She sat down on it slowly, her body shuddering as the dildo penetrated. She moaned loudly then, raising back up an inch before plunging down two more. Her walls twitched in time with her dick as she took the dildo in until her butt was back down on her bed. Alia took her dick back in her hand and bent over it again. She kissed her head, glazing her lips with her own nectar. She slid her other hand beneath her pussy and felt the button to turn on the vibration. With one flick, her dick popped into her mouth as she bucked her hips, surprised by the intensity of the vibrations rolling up her pussy. The dial must have turned on the bus ride. Alia squealed but began to bob up and down on as much of her dick as she could, using her hand to rub at the rest of her shaft. Her mouth watered with lustful hunger, and her saliva gave her all the lube she needed as it mixed with her precum.

The dildo whirled around inside of Alia, a setting her sister had shown her, so she let it work around her walls, rubbing her G-spot, and slapping against her cervix as she sucked herself off, envisioning her sister's mouth around her cockhead. She tried not to buck so the dildo would stay in place, but her whole body tingled with arousal. Alia licked the precum from her swollen head and bobbed down again on it, grunting in pure satisfaction.

Alia had a good feeling she was going to cum again soon. Her pussy already felt like she had to pee, and her cock was starting to get harder in her hand. She squeezed it and forced herself to keep sucking. She pressed a hand to her pussy to keep the dildo in as she started to fuck it. Her body shook then, and she screamed around her dickhead as she came, a load of girl cum hitting the roof of her mouth and back of her throat. Her vagina clenched the dildo as it swirled and vibrated, and she finally threw her head back to cry out, her cum hitting her in the face as her hand raced up and down her feminine cock.

As the last load burst from her, she squirted around the dildo, hitting her feet and the floor. Alia slowed down on her cock, now sensitive to almost hurting in a bad way. She turned off the dildo and pulled it out, her pussy still dripping from cumming so hard, and she whimpered at the sensitivity there.

Her door shut, and she jumped. Mara stood there, her face flushed and her skirt unable to hide her six inches leaking down her legs. Her breasts heaved beneath her shirt, and she looked at Alia with unbridled lust.

"That was..." Mara said, panting as she stroked her cock through her skirt. "Lie down."

Alia obeyed despite her worry that her sister would take her sore hole, but Mara climbed up onto the bed and knelt around Alia's head. Her precum drizzled down on Alia's lips, and she licked them dry before more came. Alia grabbed her sister's ass and licked the tip of her girlcock. Mara moaned and thrust down against Alia's lips. Alia opened her mouth and let Mara plunge inside. She wasted no time with her thrusts and bucked down into Alia's eager throat, grunting and whimpering as Alia swallowed her head with each dip. Alia kneaded Mara's ass cheeks with her fingers then found her way to her sister's dripping pussy and slid inside.

"Ah! Alia!" Mara cried out, thrusting deeper into Alia's throat. "You're so good!"

Alia moaned around her sister's cock and massaged her G-spot with her fingers. Mara's juices rolled down her hand as her pussy tightened slowly.

"Fuck, Alia! Fuuuck!" Mara's walls collapsed down on Alia's fingers as she came with loud cries. Her hips bucked into Alia's face as she shot her load down her throat. Mara tried to pull away, but Alia pushed her back down, swallowing around Mara's head over and over. Mara fell forward in defeat and screamed into the sheets as her sister swallowed her cum and rammed her pussy. Her body tensed up, but she screamed again and thrust down as another orgasm hit her. Alia kept swallowing her sister's sweet spunk as her face was fucked. Mara seemed nearly done again, but Alia licked and swallowed her into another orgasm, caressing her ass with one hand and finger fucking her with the other. Mara's cries of pleasure dwindled as her walls finally started to relax.

"Stop, stop, stop," Mara finally whispered. "I can't."

Alia pulled out of Mara, her sister's poor thighs trembling as they struggled to hold her up. Mara pulled away, whimpering as her cock slid up and out of Alia's mouth. One last aftershock of clear girl cum splashed Alia's lips before Mara collapsed onto the bed. Alia licked her lips clean, sat up and swiveled around to lie next to her, wrapping an arm around her waist. Mara kissed her forehead and wiped her own with a sigh of amazement.

"Let's sleep," Mara panted. "Mom and Dad went away for the weekend." Alia smiled.