 Mara awoke to a dark bedroom and for a moment forgot where she was. Then, she realized a hand was inside of her shirt, cupping her breast, and she looked down at the top of Alia's curly head on her shoulder. Mara gently stroked Alia's hair, listened to her light breathing as she slept on. Her little sister had turned into a full futa that morning with her help. She felt her face warm up with disbelief. She'd finally had Alia.

Mara was too shy and scared to admit it before, but she had always been in love with Alia to some extent. She was such a sweet girl. No one could help falling in love with her, but being her sister, Mara didn't know if it was right. But just that morning, she'd had her lips around Alia's new cock, had even kissed her—and Alia had kissed back! She'd even begged her to have sex with her. Mara knew half of that was how their alien bodies reacted during this change, but she truly hoped some of it was also Alia wanting her, too.

Alia squirmed a little in her sleep, her hand squeezing Mara's breast. That was when Mara noticed the hardness against her hip. Alia was naked from her masturbation session that afternoon. Mara felt blood flowing to her own lady dick and slid her hand between her legs against her skirt. She was so glad she had gotten home in time to hear Alia bring herself to orgasm. She'd even sucked herself off! Mara's skirt began to tent, and her nipple hardened beneath Alia's hand as she thought of her cock being deep inside of Alia's throat, the way she swallowed her to multiple orgasms. The tickle in her pussy made her rub her thighs together. She was quickly getting wet as the images replayed in her mind.

Mara reached down with her other hand and slid her fingers against the hardness that was Alia. She wondered what she was dreaming about. Her cock was beginning to create a pearl of precum, and Mara rubbed it around her head. Alia moaned lightly in her sleep as she did this, kneaded Mara's breast for a moment. Mara bit her lip to hold in her own moan. Her cock sprung to full life at her little sister's touch, and her skirt fell back as it rose to full attention. Mara brought Alia's precum to her mouth and sucked it off. It was so sweet. Mara wrapped her hand around Alia's cock and pulled it slowly, took her own cock in her other hand and massaged the base of it. Alia got harder at Mara's touch, and Mara wondered if she would sleep through this.

Mara shifted slightly onto her side and scooted down to meet Alia's face. Alia's hand fell away, but Mara took it and slid it between her own thighs. She sighed at the feel of her sister's fingers against her pussy and hoped something would trigger them the way Mara's breast had. Mara pecked Alia's pouty lips and her nose, then slid her other hand against Alia's lower lips. They were slick with arousal already.

It must be some dream, Mara thought. She slowly caressed Alia's lips down near her entrance as she rubbed her cock up and down. Alia's breathing got deeper at Mara's touches, and her pussy began to freely offer Mara lube to keep going. Her own cockhead began to throb, but she just wanted to pleasure her sister, help her with whatever that dream was giving her.

Mara gasped lightly, forgetting that fast where Alia's fingers were when they twitched against her pussy lips. Alia's hand cupped Mara's cunt as she had done her breast and slowly squeezed. Chills ran through Mara's whole body, and she kissed her lips again. Alia's mouth opened, and Mara sucked on her lower lip before kissing her open mouth. She kept a slow and steady pace on both her sister's pussy and lady dick, which now cried precum and made Mara's hand slick. Mara flicked her tongue out against Alia's lips, traced them gently, and kissed her lips again.

"I love you, Alia," she whispered, spreading Alia's lower lips and running her fingers around her sweet hole.

Alia sighed, and Mara flicked her mouth again with her tongue. Her fingers were soaked with Alia's pussy juices, and her own cock began to drool precum. She wanted to make love to Alia, but she would wait. For now, she wanted to help her sister. Alia's hips began to respond and glided her dick in Mara's hand now. Her fingers slid into Mara's soaked hole, and Mara whimpered. Her cock jerked, purple now but not hurting yet. She slid her own fingers into Alia. That made Alia's body tense, and her breathing quickened as her pussy walls tightened. She was then bucking in her sleep, her cock releasing her girl cum and hitting her naked body. Mara bit her lip again at the sight of her sister's face in total subconscious ecstasy. Her pussy sucked at Mara's fingers, and her legs kicked as she came. Mara's pussy dripped against Alia's fingers, and she tried to wiggle her hips to feel more stimulation.

But as Alia came down from her sleepy high, she also woke up. For a few seconds, her face was blank and unsure, and Mara wondered if she had gone too far. Then, Alia smiled sleepily and slid her other hand beneath Mara's shirt to cup her breast.

"You're sneaky," Alia whispered.

Mara blushed and smiled. "I wanted to join you in your dreams but wasn't sure how."

"You did pretty well. I felt everything you did to me, in and out of the dream."

Mara's eyes widened. "You...dreamed about me?"

"I can't stop thinking about today." Alia's dick had gone limp, but as she said that, a slight hardness returned to it. "It felt so good, and you making me cum in my sleep?" Alia paused, realizing where her other hand was. She slid it further inside Mara, and Mara moaned. "Did I do this to you?"

"Yes," Mara gasped. Alia began to rub her fingers against Mara's slippery walls and rubbed her taut nipple in the other hand. "Ohhh, Alia, yes." Her cock was finally starting to hurt, and she began to rub it, but Alia stopped her. "Alia, please. I need to cum so badly."

Alia took her hands away from Mara, but she began to unbutton her shirt. "Take off your skirt."

Mara quickly unsnapped her skirt, and her cock jumped. Alia helped her from her shirt, and she moaned when Alia took her nipple into her mouth. Alia pushed her back onto the bed and caressed her sister's sides. Mara hugged Alia to her and enjoyed the feeling, but her pussy began to ache with the need for Alia to return to it. Alia grabbed her own cock and rubbed it up and down, moaning as blood flowed back into it. She kissed between Mara's breasts, down her ribcage, and licked her belly button. Mara instinctively spread her legs, and her sweet must made Alia so hard, she had to brace herself from the dizziness. Alia held the base of Mara's cock, but she didn't stroke it, only squeezed it tightly as she moved her mouth down to Mara's lips.

Mara threw her head back and cried out as Alia sucked each lip and licked between her folds. Her walls dripped so much Alia was lightly slurping as she deeply kissed Mara's pussy.

"You taste so good," Alia breathed, licking her mouth before she continued.

Mara understood now why Alia had such a grip on the base of her lady dick. She wanted to cum so badly, and she felt it right there, but Alia was cutting off the flow. Mara's head swam with the euphoria, and her body tingled with so much arousal, she didn't know what to do with herself. She ran a hand into Alia's hair, squeezed her own hard breast with the other.

"You're driving me crazy, little sister," Mara gasped. Her back arched as her cock throbbed. "Fuck, you're making me feel so good!"

"Let me cum in you, Mara," Alia pleaded, and Mara looked at her in shock. Her beautiful mouth was glistening from Mara's pussy. "I want to feel you cum around me."

"You never have to ask, Alia. Make love to me. Do it before I lose my mind."

Alia managed to keep her grip on the base of Mara's dick and crawled onto her knees. Mara lifted her hips and moaned, her legs shaking as Alia's head caressed her folds the way her tongue had. She wasted no more time and pressed her head into Mara's hole. She imagined her own tightness was the same as Mara's because she pushed harder than she knew she needed to. She shivered when Mara's pussy pulled her with its slow churns.

"Alia," Mara whimpered. "Please, let me cum. I need to cum."

Alia pushed all the way into Mara's pussy to the hilt, and she stayed still for a long agonizing moment for both of them. Then, she let go of Mara's cock. Mara realized she had actually come down a little from her high, but as Alia began to move her hips, her body screamed for her. Alia held Mara's hips and thrust harder and harder into her, and Mara held her breath inadvertently. Somehow, Alia had made her ecstasy plateau where it was, the glorious pain just before cumming, but she wasn't cumming yet. Alia pulled her hair to one shoulder and bent down to kiss Mara's nipples. Mara arched her back and thrust against Alia, their pussy lips colliding. Her body was now on fire, and she loved every second. Alia came up to kiss her lips, and their tongues found each other in a sweet embrace just as Mara's orgasm finally made its way back to the surface. She screamed into her sister's mouth as Alia forced wave after wave of orgasm from her.

Alia gasped and bucked into Mara. Her body trembled as she came hard. Mara's orgasmic aftershocks caressed what felt like gallons of cum out of her, and it did ooze out around her dick. Alia fell on top of Mara, and Mara held her tightly. They tried to catch their breath, running their hands all over each other's bodies.

"Alia?" Mara's voice trembled. "I still haven't..."

Alia realized Mara's dick was still rock hard between them. Alia's pussy still pulsed with a need, too. "Hold on."

Alia got up on her knees and gently took Mara's cock in her hand. Looking down, she saw how much her own pussy dripped. She hadn't had a vaginal orgasm. She aimed Mara's cock and slowly pressed her pussy down onto it. Mara's face blushed with arousal, and she closed her eyes. Alia sat all the way down on her dick and moaned. It felt like her walls were now hugging Mara's cock, like it was welcoming it into her. She rocked her hips back and forth, and Mara whimpered again.

"Yes. Ungh, God, that is..." Mara held Alia's hips and then squeezed her ass as her sister rolled her hips in lazy circles.

Alia threw her head back and rode her sister's hard cock, caressing her own back to life in no time. Mara began to rock her hips up to meet Alia's strokes, and they moaned together.

"Harder," Alia gasped. She squeezed her cock and dropped down hard onto Mara's.

"Dirty girl," Mara breathed, but she did what her sister asked, beginning to thrust up into Alia's tight folds. "That feels amazing."

"Yes, Mara." Alia squeezed her breast and pulled at her nipple as she tugged at her girl cock. "I love you so much, Mara."

"I love you, too, Alia."

Alia rode Mara harder and harder, crying out as her sister's pole sent jolts of perfection through her. Her dick got so hard, she thought she would faint, and that was when her belly tightened. "Oh, oh, Mara, I'm gonna cum!"

She screamed as her dick shot her sperm, and her pussy clamped down on Mara's cock. Mara pushed through and cried out as she finally came, blowing her load into her sister's pussy. Their voices twirled around each other in perfect harmony as they came long and hard. Alia rested her hands against Mara's belly, and she forced herself to keep thrusting down. Mara's cries came harder and higher as that sent her into another orgasm. She felt Alia's cervix smashing against her head, and she didn't want to stop cumming. Her sperm drooled out of Alia's pussy as Alia finally slowed down. Mara relaxed into the bed as her girl cock finally fell limp and slid out of Alia.

Alia fell beside Mara, and Mara instantly hugged and kissed her. Alia ran her hands into Mara's hair and ran her tongue through her mouth. They kissed until they were semi-hard again, but they stopped and looked at each other, giggling lightly.

"We need to eat before we do this again," Mara suggested.

"Let's shower first," Alia bargained. They were both slick with clear, shimmering girl cum.

Mara ran her finger down Alia's chest and licked her fingers. "Mmm..all right, you win."