 There are three futa races on the planet Mara and Alia's mother was from. They didn't need titles, for they knew their roles, but their mom explained there was the male gender and technically two female genders. The first could only be impregnated by their one, a male. The second was rare and reproduced asexually but needed stimulation from either of the other two genders. On Mara and Alia's weekend alone, Mara would learn she was one of the second kind.

After getting each other off again in the shower, the girls ordered a pizza and started watching a movie. Alia, terribly sleepy after the day she'd had, went back to her room for bed halfway into it. Mara finished the movie and went to her own room to sleep. She'd had an odd dream, but by the time she awoke, she had forgotten it.

"Mara, are you awake?" Alia's voice came through her door, so she sat up.

"Yeah, come in." Alia opened the door, and Mara smiled at her sweet little sister. Her eyes involuntarily slid down to the tent in her pajamas. "Do you need any help?"

Alia blushed and tucked her dick down between her legs. "Not right now. It can wait. I just wanted to talk to you."

"Sure." Mara scooted over and patted her bed. Alia climbed in and sat beside her. "What's up?"

"Well..." Alia bit her lip. "It's at about my age our kind is supposed to find our one, right?"

Mara hesitated. Their mom had told them when the full-blooded of their race turned 18 Earth Years, they were sent out to find their one. Mara was 21 now, and she had yet to find him. She had a feeling she knew where the conversation was going. "Right."

"How come...you haven't, you know...Found yours yet?"

Mara lowered her head. "I don't know. I've been attracted to a lot of guys, but none of them have activated my psychic link..." Alia took her hand in hers, and a chill went down her spine. She couldn't tell her about her feelings, not yet. "What if something's wrong with me?"

"Don't think that, Mara. Maybe being half human confuses our system. It might take a little longer than it took Mom to find Dad."

Mara paused and smiled a little. "I never thought of that. I just assumed since humans go through puberty earlier than we do, that I missed out."

Alia leaned over and kissed Mara's cheek. "You're perfect...Every part of you." She started to giggle but then groaned, tucking her hands between her legs. "Dammit, I have to get used to mornings, don't I?"

"Morning erections come and go. It depends on your dreams, really."

"Well, I'll let you wake up a little more. I'm going to go handle this myself."

Mara appreciated it. She actually had no sex drive most mornings, and this one was no different. She started to get dressed and could already hear Alia's moans from down the hall. The times Mara did have a hard-on in the morning, she was always quick to cum. She imagined Alia would be, too, so she wanted to get started on breakfast. Mara put on a pair of lounge pants and a t-shirt and went downstairs. She pulled the carton of eggs from the refrigerator, reached over the stove for the salt and pepper, and a wave of dizziness hit her that knocked her off balance. She dropped the two shakers and held onto the stove. Mara put a hand on her chest: her heart was racing. Another weird sensation hit her, but not as scary.

"Déjà vu," she said to herself. "Why do I feel like this already happened?"

Perhaps it was her dream. There was something weird about it, but she wasn't sure what. She bent down and picked up the salt and pepper shakers as Alia's moans grew louder. Mara shook her head clear and started breaking the eggs into a bowl. As she did this, she realized she was rubbing her legs together. Her pussy was tingling. She wasn't sure when it started. The friction of her legs sent blood into her lady dick. Mara tucked her hand between her legs and bit back a moan. Touching herself ignited fire in her blood, and her head swam with arousal.

"What's happening?" Mara rubbed her cock and licked her lips. She squeezed her thighs together. Her pussy and dick felt inflamed. She moaned low and bent over the counter. "Fuck, what is this?"

The heat in both of her sexes felt like they were moving closer together, and the sensation made her crazy. They swirled together to create an odd hot ball deep in her belly that radiated back into her sexes. Mara knelt on the floor and shoved her hands into her pants, grabbing her girl cock with one and her pussy with the other through her soaked panties.

"Shit," Mara said as the heat intensified and her dick swelled. Without a warning, her dick got so hard and hot her hand felt cold against it, and her pussy clamped down. The sensation took her breath away. Mara threw one hand down onto the floor as she nearly fell forward, and she began fucking her hand as her orgasm kept going. The cum stirring in her cock sent hot, tingling waves into her belly, but none was coming out.

"Gosh, I'm still hard. I just want food. Mara, can you..." Alia came into the kitchen, and she stopped. "Mara!?" She hurried over to her, but Mara let go of her dick and held out her hand, thrusting helplessly as though she was getting rammed from behind. Her pussy spasms intensified, and her cock hardened beyond toleration.

"God, I'm going to burst!"

Alia watched her with wide scared eyes, but that didn't stop the tent forming in her pajamas again. It made Mara so horny seeing that, and she felt her panties dripping from how soaked they were getting.

It wouldn't stop. She remembered that as part of her dream. Her orgasms weren't going to stop until... "Alia, I need you to fuck me right now," She gasped before crying out in tortured ecstasy.

Alia hurried behind Mara and knelt. She yanked Mara's pants off. Her panties were dark with her pussy juices, and her lady dick hung hard and purple through one leg. Alia pulled her own hard dick out and moved Mara's panties to the side to shove her cock completely into Mara's frantic pussy. Mara arched her back, and her body tightened before it began to relax. Alia pumped hard into her sister, pulling her closer and wrapping her legs around her waist. Mara sighed and rested on her elbows. Her pussy churned around Alia, which made Alia harder.

"Mara, I don't know what's happening, but fuck, this feels so hot."

Mara moaned in response. She was literally hot as well, and she didn't know why. Alia moved to reach for Mara's dick, but Mara shook her head. It was softening, and the heat was moving further into her belly. "It doesn't hurt anymore. Keep going, sweetie."

Alia needed no invitation. She moved fast and short, then hard and long, switching back and forth and rubbing Mara's thighs. With each thrust of her sister's hard dick inside of her, Mara realized her belly was starting to pulse. She looked down, but could only see her flat stomach and Alia's cock disappearing into her. Her head swam, so she closed her eyes. Her pussy was tightening around Alia's throbbing cock.

"Fuck, Mara!" Alia threw her head back and pounded harder into Mara's pussy.

"Alia," she moaned. "Alia...Ahh!" Mara's pussy clamped down on Alia's dick in hard waves. Alia pushed through inside of Mara until she couldn't hold it any longer. She pressed her hips hard against Mara's pussy, cumming inside of her.

"Mara! Ungh!" Alia tried to squeeze her legs together, but she couldn't. Her pussy pulsed with a hands free orgasm, and she screamed. "Fuck yes!"

Mara's body shook as she calmed down, but Alia kept pumping her girl spunk into her. When she finally calmed down and pulled her limp dick from her sister's pussy, Mara rolled onto her back and caught her breath. Alia rested against the stove and closed her eyes, stroking her satisfied pussy through her soaked panties. Mara rubbed her belly then froze and looked down. It was swollen. 

Alia opened her eyes and noticed, too. "Mara?"

"I..." Mara sat up. Her pussy leaked Alia's clear sparkly cum, which pooled on the floor. Her belly had rounded, as though she were four months pregnant.

Alia tucked her dick back into her panties and scooted up to her. She put a hand on her swollen belly, ran her fingers up Mara's soaked pussy, and licked her fingers.

"But I still feel full." She looked at her own limp girl cock. "I didn't even ejaculate. It felt like it went back inside."

"Mara...We should call Mom."

They stood, and Mara gasped, leaning over the counter again as her pussy pulsed. She felt the heat swirling down from her belly and warming her pussy to a maddening intensity. Her walls churned and instantly contracted in another orgasm. White cum oozed from her pussy as she moaned hard and long. Alia's eyes widened, but her dick started to stir again. Mara held her dick as it drooled what looked like white precum. Her belly shrunk as the flow from her pussy first slowed, then stopped.

"Fuck, I...What the hell?"

Alia gasped. "Mara, are you a second female?"

Mara's eyes widened. "I think I am!"

They shared a nervous but happy smile. Alia grabbed her face and kissed her hard on the mouth. "Mara, this is why you haven't found your one!" Alia said. "You don't need one!" She hugged Mara, and Mara held her tightly. "This is so cool. What if you just got yourself pregnant?"

"What a welcome home for Mom and Dad that would be," Mara laughed. Alia laughed, too, and Mara rested her head on her shoulder. "And you helped me."

"Anytime, sis." Alia pulled back and kissed her more softly. She slid her tongue between Mara's lips and swirled it around Mara's tongue. Mara ran her hands into Alia's hair, and Alia moaned into her sister's mouth as she hardened again, ground her hips into hers. But then her stomach growled, and they laughed and broke away.

"Okay, breakfast, then we'll handle that together," Mara ordered. Alia smiled and kissed her again before she sat patiently at the counter, so Mara could finish—or start, really—making breakfast.