 Ailanthia stretched like a cat on the soft black sheets, letting out a deeply contented sigh. She felt the wonderful heavy weight at her waist and one of her light-green hands slid down over her gloriously curved abdomen. She bit her flushed lower lip and let out a low moan, her skin feeling so sensitive where it had stretched taut to accommodate her cum-stuffed womb. 

She let out a quiet, disbelieving laugh, awed by memories of the heated coupling with her Master this morning. He'd been absolutely magnificent and looked so heartbreakingly handsome... Ailanthia had gazed at him in wonder as he'd taken her, wrapping herself around this interstellar titan and sobbing with ecstasy as he pumped his seed deep inside her. 

For Ailanthia, who'd seen the passing of so many long lonely years, her master's relationship with her had radically changed in what seemed like the blink of an eye. For millennia, he'd been dispassionate and aloof... utterly disinterested in her sexually for anything other than a perfunctory feeding. After all, it had been vitally important that she remain aesthetically pleasing for him. But in a matter of mere months, something had profoundly shifted in his bearing, and Ailanthia's heart sang with joy at the change.

Rolling carefully to one side, she ran her hand over the side of the bed he'd laid in, feeling the fading warmth and wishing he was still there. She inhaled deeply, a shiver running down her spine as she caught a hint of his scent. Closing her eyes, she relaxed in a state of bliss, happier than she ever thought possible.

A gentle touch to her swollen belly roused her from her doze and she gazed up at her master in surprise. He was looking down at her with an ambivalent expression on his face as he sat on the side of the bed, some unreadable emotion in his eyes that Ailanthia didn't recognise. Realising that she was awake, he slowly withdrew his hand and studied her for a moment, the vaguest hint of a smile on his lips.

Abruptly he rose to his feet and strode towards the door of the darkened room. He paused before leaving, turning back to look at her, his stunning bronzed features lit by the blood-red glow from the corridor beyond. "Come, Ailanthia, prepare yourself for the day ahead. The entertainment should begin shortly."

"Yes, My Lord," she replied obediently, sitting up in bed. "I will be with you momentarily."

His eyes had a wicked gleam of anticipation to them as he lifted the black cowl over his head and strode away.

***

Dana's features were bathed in the flickering blue light from Irillith's rapid shots, shadows dancing on the grey titanium wall behind her.

"The idea just kind of clicked," Dana said quietly, unsettled by the look of shock on John and Alyssa's faces. She glanced to her right at the long laser weapon in Irillith's arms. "The Pulse Cannons suddenly seemed wrong... like they were too big and cumbersome, so I refined the design to make a portable version. I didn't have time to make another Progenitor power core, so I stripped one out of a Quantum rifle, then built the cannon's frame with Alyssa's help, added the new heatsinks, anti-grav suspensors, improved focusing aperture, and all the rest..."

Irillith ceased firing and turned to look at her audience, a broad grin on her face until she saw everyone's stunned reaction to the weapon test. "What's the matter?" she asked, looking at each of them with concern.

"I've seen a gun like that before," Tashana whispered, her violet eyes wide as saucers as she stared at her sister. "You look just like the pictures..."

John turned to look at the Maliri girl, finally shaking off his shock. "You've seen murals of Thralls using these kinds of weapons?"

"Yes, in the temple where I found Valada's server. I've got copies in my research notes..." she murmured, transfixed by the long-barrelled weapon. "It's so distinctive, I recognised it instantly."

"We haven't got time now, but we really need to review all your research again," John said, staring at the Pulse Cannon and feeling that same nagging sense of satisfaction.

Irillith's angular eyes narrowed as she looked at John and Alyssa. "I understand why Tashana's reacting like this, but what's the matter with you two? Did I do something wrong?"

John shook his head, stepping forward to put a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Of course not, honey. You just... took us by surprise, that's all."

Alyssa nodded and said quietly, "We each felt the same thing when we saw you; a Maliri woman in that type of armour, carrying a weapon like that. It... resonated for both of us." 

Irillith glanced down at her gear. "So you're saying I look just like a Progenitor's Thrall?"

"Yes, basically," John said, with no small amount of trepidation.

She suddenly gave him a spectacular smile. "That's fantastic!"

He blinked at her in surprise, startled by her unexpected reaction. "Excuse me?"

Irillith put down the long weapon, then cupped his face in her hands. "Don't you see? This means we're closing the tech gap! You're a Progenitor... there's no hiding from that fact. We should embrace the opportunities every newly discovered piece of technology gives us!"

Dana grinned at the Maliri girl, delighted by her positive outlook. "Fuck yeah we should!" She turned to clap John on the shoulder. "Irillith's totally right, you shouldn't be freaking out, this is great! We've just got a new bit of awesome Progenitor tech right out of the blue!"

Nodding eagerly, Irillith said, "We know so little about Progenitors or the way their Thralls fight. This is a perfect opportunity to learn more!"

Walking over to join them, Alyssa slipped her arm around John's waist. "They make good points. We both knew we'd be reaching this point eventually."

"Know yourself and know your enemies, you'll be undefeated in a hundred battles..." John murmured, his expression brightening, suddenly seeing a whole new meaning to that ancient wisdom. He gave Irillith a grateful smile. "Thank you."

Irillith took off her Paragon helmet and shook out her snowy-white tresses before giving him a tender kiss. "You're always trying so hard to make me happy, it feels wonderful being able to return the favour!"

They hugged for a moment and John turned to look at Alyssa. "Can you call all the girls up to the bedroom please. I want to talk to everyone about something important."

Her expression softened and she nodded, gently rubbing his back. 

John glanced at the Pulse Cannon on the shooting bench. "It looks like you've excelled yourself again, Sparks. You couldn't have picked a better time to suddenly come up with that."

"Girl with the gear does it again!" the redhead exclaimed, raising her hand for a high five. 

He didn't leave her hanging and grinned as their hands slapped together. Turning to Irillith he said, "You better take that beast to the weapon racks in the Combat Bridge. I've a feeling it'll come in handy."

Irillith replaced her helmet and picked up the Pulse Cannon. "Your wish is my command, My Lord," she said respectfully, before winking at him and leaving the firing range with a broad grin on her face.

John felt a surge of tremendous satisfaction at her behaviour, and darted a worried glance at Irillith as she left the room.

Tashana noticed the anxious way he was watching her sister and she walked over to John, wrapping her arms around him in a reassuring hug. "It's okay, Irillith was only joking. Don't look so worried," she whispered in his ear. 

When she pulled back to look at his face, he shook his head and met her caring violet-eyed gaze. "I know she was only teasing, but seeing her playing the obedient Thrall really struck a chord in me. That's what I'm worried about."

She looked thoughtful for a moment, then asked seriously, "Have you started having thoughts about galactic conquest?"

John shook his head and frowned. "No, of course not!"

"Any plans to turn your girls into unquestioning slaves?" she asked, studying his face.

"I'd never do that!" he protested vehemently.

"Then you have nothing to worry about." Tashana gave him a gentle smile, pressing herself against him and leaning in for a loving kiss.

Dana walked past John and swatted him playfully on the rump. "Let me know if you change your mind... I'll be your obedient slave any time you like!"

"I guess you're covered either way," Alyssa said to John with a laugh, then held out her hand for him. "Let's go. The girls are waiting for us."

John let her lead him from the Firing Range, then followed after the redhead as she skipped towards the grav-tube, darting flirtatious looks at him over her shoulder. He was still concerned about the way he'd reacted to Irillith looking and behaving like a Thrall, but the sight of Dana's dazzling blue eyes proved to be a very effective distraction. They floated up in the grav-tube, then stepped out onto Deck Two, the sound of conversation drifting towards them from the main bedroom at the end of the corridor.

The rest of the girls were waiting there, gathered in the large open space at the foot of the bed. Their light-hearted chatter died out as John entered the room, with everyone turning to greet him with a welcoming smile. Irillith joined them moments later, taking her place in the semi-circle that formed fluidly around him. 

He looked around the group and took a deep breath. "Before we start gearing ourselves up for battle, I just wanted to say a few words."

Rachel raised her hand and said politely, "May I ask you a quick question, please?"

Surprised by her interruption, he nodded, gesturing for her to proceed with an open hand. "Of course, honey. Go ahead."

Her grey eyes were enigmatic as she studied him. "Alyssa told us what happened in the Firing Range. You were just about to reassure all of us that you'll never treat us like mindless thralls, weren't you?"

Startled by her insightful derailing of his speech, he could only nod to confirm her guess.

Rachel glided over to him, smoothly embracing him in her arms. "We already knew that. We'd have to be very silly little girls not to know how you feel about us by now. But you like intelligent women, don't you? That's why we're not just mindless Thralls." 

John frowned and said, "Yes, but-." 

She silenced his objection with a kiss. "I know you're doubting yourself at the moment," she whispered softly. "Questioning the decisions you've made and worrying that you're exposing us to too much danger..."

John darted an accusatory glance at Alyssa and she met his hurt gaze with a look of artful innocence.

Rachel gently turned his face around to look at her again. "It sounds to me like you're the one who needs a little reassurance. All of us have every confidence in your leadership."

There were soft murmurs of agreement from the girls as they gathered closer.

Stroking his cheek, the tawny-haired girl gave him an affectionate smile. "As you told me not too long ago, there's no point in being modest about just how intelligent we girls have become. You helped nurture that intellect and I think it's fair to say that we're more gifted than you in our respective fields... no?"

He couldn't help laughing and nodded his agreement. "Of course. I'd be a fool to argue otherwise."

"Now, all of us are convinced that you're making the best leadership decisions you can and always putting our best interests first. To argue against the consensus formed by so many exceptionally gifted minds would be foolish too, correct?" she asked, while raising an eyebrow.

John frowned and tried to come up with some kind of objection. In the end, he smiled at her. "Alright, you make a good point."

"You're an excellent leader, you have no reason to doubt yourself," she said sincerely. "As much as I love these girls, I know none of us could inspire and motivate the group to greatness in the way you can. You're a natural at this, you should share the same confidence in your own decisions that we all place in you."

He darted a startled look at the rest of the girls, but saw nothing but wholehearted agreement in their eyes. It was strangely reassuring and he was surprised to find that he did feel much better. Focusing on Rachel again he smiled at her in gratitude. "Thank you. You were right, I did need to hear that... It helped."

"I'm delighted to hear it," she said, a look of satisfaction on her beautiful face. Her luscious lips twisted into a coy smile. "I'm afraid there's a price to pay for my counsellor services though..."

"Oh, really?" John asked, placing his hands on the soft curve of her hips. "What might that be?"

"My rates for a pep talk are quite reasonable," she murmured, unbuttoning her blouse and revealing a tantalising glimpse of her cleavage. "But the rest of the girls helped, so you'll need to recompense them too..."

The girls managed to undress startlingly quickly, then removed his clothes at an equally rapid pace. They guided him to sit on the end of the bed, then knelt at his feet, looking up at him with eager anticipation. Their beautiful faces were temporarily blocked from view as Rachel deftly straddled him, moving with fluid grace as she positioned herself above his painfully hard cock. She let out a blissful sigh as she sank down on his throbbing shaft and as soon as he was fully-sheathed inside her, she leaned against his chest, slipping her arms around him. 

Rachel's supple young body fit him like a glove, gently squeezing his entire length in a welcoming embrace. John's hands roamed over her athletic, nubile flesh, feeling the strong muscles rippling in her thighs and toned back as she began to move at an unhurried pace. He traced his fingers along her arms, admiring the flawless perfection of her bronzed skin, so soft and smooth under his inquisitive fingertips. She watched him as he explored her body, a gentle smile on her face as she saw his open appreciation for her spectacular physique.

Giving him a loving kiss, Rachel writhed sensually in his lap. "You're a thoughtful and generous lover, but this time isn't about giving me pleasure," she whispered as she gazed into his eyes. "Just embrace the connection between us. Feel how much I trust you..."

John did as she asked, meeting her focused attention and taking in every detail of her stormy grey eyes. He was reminded of the expression 'the eyes are the window to the soul' and as Rachel's loving gaze softened, her grey eyes began to glow with a gentle nimbus of light. They shared that moment of intimacy for what felt like a glorious eternity, until she gave him a rueful smile and eased off his length. 

He felt a sharp pang of profound loss as she broke their gaze, but she was immediately replaced by Alyssa, her cerulean orbs starting to glow before he had even entered her. Alyssa moved at a languid pace, the hooded look she gave him filled with passion as they communicated their feelings for one another by eye-contact alone. When she eventually dismounted him, John felt a sudden eagerness to share that same connection with the rest of the girls.

Dana was next, the flaring coronas around her pupils bathing him in a golden glow. Then Calara, Sakura, the twins, and finally Jade, who slowly sank down on his shaft, her pussy rippling along his length as she guided him deep inside her womb. They gazed at each other, and John watched her pupils slowly expand, changing from vertical slits to perfectly round circles that drew him in as inexorably as a pair of black holes.

Her cat-like eyes began to shine with an emerald light and she sighed in ecstasy as she lost herself in his gaze. "I love you so much," she breathed, brushing his lips with delicate, fluttering kisses.

John knew this wasn't entirely in the spirit of the wonderful game Rachel had initiated, but he was too shocked by the emerald glow from the Nymph's eyes to say otherwise. "I love you too," he said, cupping her head in his hands and kissing her passionately.

Jade moaned into his mouth, her cool skin growing much warmer as she reacted instinctively to him. He could feel the absolute devotion she felt towards him; not as a Nymph slave to her master, but as a free-willed woman completely in love with her man. He embraced that connection, throwing his mind open to Jade as he reciprocated, revealing how he loved her with every fibre of his being. 

She let out a soft groan and her body burst into light, glowing pulses rippling down from her head to spread out across her body. Her back rippled and a flurry of undulating tentacles swept outwards, approaching the other girls. The phallic tips gently caressed their faces and John groaned at the sudden contact, feeling Jade encircle their lips without pressing forward, as if waiting for permission.

The girls wasted no time in engulfing the tips in their mouths, causing a flood of intense sensory data to overwhelm him. John had been expecting the glorious feeling of seven warm wet mouths eagerly enveloping his cock, but this was something else entirely. John felt the individual connections with the girls surge into life again, reliving the intimate moments he'd just shared with each of them, but this time gathered together in a glorious flood of sensation. He felt his mind lifted higher on the crest of that spectacular wave, vaguely aware that he was joining Jade in a rapturous climax.

He collapsed back on the bed, Jade falling with him, a look of absolute astonishment on her beautiful face. Breaking their eye contact, she threw her head back, mouth open in a silent scream of ecstasy.

John rushed headlong into oblivion, the exquisite sensory overload too much for him to take...

***

"He's alright!" Alyssa gasped, followed by a chorus of relieved sighs.

John struggled to sit upright but was immediately restrained by half-a-dozen soft but insistent hands. "What the hell just happened?" he groaned, trying to focus on the girls kneeling around him on the bed.

"We were hoping you could tell us!" Alyssa said, the worry obvious in her voice.

He blinked and rubbed at his face. "Well, I was with each of you which felt amazing. It was Jade's turn and we made that same connection, but it was different, stronger somehow... then her eyes started glowing!" He frowned in confusion trying to remember the rest. "Her body started glowing too, like it does when I've fed her, but I hadn't yet... Tentacles appeared, but we were still just having regular sex... Then I felt that connection to all of you! Just like earlier when you were riding me, but all at once though!"

Alyssa turned to dart an anxious glance at Rachel, who gave her a helpless shrug, her expression revealing just how worried she was. "I've no idea! Perhaps we accidentally triggered some kind of epiphany for her?"

John glanced around at the group of girls kneeling on the bed around him, glancing from one concerned face to the next in search of the Nymph. "Where's Jade? Have you asked her what happened?"

"We can't..." Rachel replied, a troubled frown on her face as she looked to her right. "She hasn't woken up yet and I can't rouse her!"

This time when John tried to sit up, the girls helped him, making sure he was steady and not about to pass out again. As soon as he was upright, he followed Rachel's worried gaze. Jade was curled up on one side, her body a riot of pulsing viridian light coming from both her head and her swollen belly. He blinked in surprise when he saw her enormously curved tummy, her arms cradling it protectively.

He glanced back at Alyssa. "So she didn't..." 

"Nope, we didn't get any," she replied in a hushed voice. "You filled her up with cum and you both passed out!"

John closed his eyes to check the mental compartments in his mind to see if Jade was hurt. He winced against the blinding white light coming from the Nymph and tried to suppress the glare so that he could determine if she'd been injured. The shining aura dimmed a little, at least enough for him to assess her condition. He didn't see any signs of physical trauma and she seemed to be in the peak of health as far as he could tell.
