 Jade grinned in delight at John and the girls, appearing as an exact replica of their beautiful Chief Engineer, right down to the golden coronas around her pupils. Dana leaned closer, open-mouthed with shock as she was faced with her own double staring right back at her.

"Oh wow! Do I really look like that?!" Dana marvelled, darting around on the bed to look at Jade from different angles. "I look fucking gorgeous!"

Rachel laughed and rolled her eyes affectionately at her girlfriend. "Come on... You've seen yourself in the mirror before. You must know how beautiful you are."

"Yeah, but it's not the same!" Dana protested, shaking her head in amazement as she ran her fingers through Jade's long silky-soft auburn hair. She darted a look of amazement at John. "Seriously, how come you're not fucking me 24/7? I'd just wanna bend me over and go to town!"

"Every day's a constant battle of willpower," John admitted, managing to maintain a sombre expression with some difficulty. When the girls' laughter subsided, he reached out to take Jade's hand. "We're getting a little sidetracked here. More importantly, what happened, Jade? Are you alright?"

The Nymph nodded, shimmering in a green haze before returning to the familiar form that they all knew and loved. Jade gave him a blissful smile, looking happier than he'd ever seen her before. "All the restrictions that were keeping me under tight control... I wasn't even aware of them before, but now they're gone! It feels so liberating!"

"I knew you had a problem handling weapons and that you could only copy Alyssa's appearance, but I didn't know about any other limitations... or that I could free you from them," John said gently. "If I did, I would have removed them months ago."

Jade straddled his lap, curling her arms around him. "Don't you see? That's what made the way you did it so wonderful!" she said in delight. "I could feel it while we made love; how much you cared about me... wanting me to be free to choose my own path. You didn't break my bonds, you helped me do it myself!"

She kissed him passionately, moaning into his mouth as she tangled her fingers in his hair. John placed his hands on her hips, feeling her skin heating up as she let out excited little gasps. 

The Nymph suddenly pulled back and gave him a rueful smile. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to tease you like this; I know we'll be jumping into the Alpha-Tauri system soon. Once we've rescued Niskera, I promise I'll show you just how much you mean to me!"

John looked at her in surprise for a moment, then shook his head. "Jade, honey... the battle was over hours ago! You slept right through it!"

Jade gaped at him in shock, then a shadow of guilt fell across her face. "I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to let you down, I-"

Smothering her anguished apology with a kiss, John held her close, stroking the Nymph's back to sooth her. "It wasn't your fault," he said, when he felt her start to relax in his arms. "We managed to survive the battle and I think Alyssa has a new appreciation for just how much you help her. I won't say we didn't miss you, because you always make a huge difference, but everyone made it through alive and we managed to save the Trankarans from the Kirrix."

Looking greatly relieved, Jade glanced back at the girls to check they were all unscathed. 

Alyssa stroked the Nymph's arm. "Everyone's fine! We're all just glad you're okay; you had us really worried! We had no idea what was happening to you..."

Jade turned and embraced the blonde, resting her chin on Alyssa's shoulder as she hugged her fiercely. The rest of the girls moved forward to hug the Nymph too, stroking her arms or murmuring supportive words.

When Jade pulled back a little, she smiled at the group. "I'll need to do some practicing to test what I can do. There were rules I couldn't violate before; like only being able to shapeshift into the form chosen by my master, but they're all gone now!" 

Alyssa gave her a coy smile. "You can really change shape into anyone you like now? Like John's equally handsome twin?"

The girls chorused a moan of lust at the thought of being double-teamed by two versions of John. 

The Nymph looked around at the dreamy expressions the girls were all wearing, then darted an apprehensive glance at John. "I-I probably could do," she faltered, an unsettled frown on her face. "I know the girls would love it, but it would feel wrong..."

"Don't worry, I've got no interest in seeing you turn into me! Besides, no one's going to ask you to do anything you're uncomfortable with," John said firmly, opening his arms to the unsettled Nymph. "I like you just as you are, but just out of curiosity, why would it feel wrong? Is it something to do with me being your master?"

She shook her head and gave him an embarrassed smile. "No, it's just that I'm a girl and shapeshifting into a man would feel really weird!" She nuzzled into him and added, "You already removed the compulsion to obey you, but my feelings towards you haven't changed... I like you being my Master."

John brushed his fingers along her jawline, tracing the shape of her face in the way he knew she loved. Jade quivered in delight, then caught his fingers and gave them a tender kiss.

Alyssa stroked the Nymph's back and said, "I'm sure there's still loads of fun we can have with Jade's new abilities, if she can shift into any woman she likes." 

Jade gave John a coy smile, "That's very true. I can change form into any woman you desire..."

Alyssa kissed the Nymph on her shoulder, while gazing into John's eyes. "I know how much fun we've had with Jade being my twin. Just imagine her doing the same with the rest of the girls..."

Irillith laughed and gave Tashana an eager smile. "Have you ever wondered what being a triplet would be like, Shan?"

Tashana felt a strong urge to make a biting remark about not wanting to be betrayed by two sisters, but she stopped herself in time, remembering the new Irillith hadn't done anything to deserve her ire. Alyssa picked up the conflicting emotions and darted a surreptitious glance at her, watching carefully to see how Tashana would react.

The Maliri girl managed to return her twin's smile and said, "That could be fun; I'm intrigued to find out."

Jade leaned closer to John and murmured seductively, "There are lots of other much naughtier possibilities too, Master. Just think; anyone you've ever fantasised about, no matter how forbidden the fruit..."

His eyes drifted over to Calara who shook her head in amusement. "I'm just surprised it took you that long to think about my mother!"

The rest of the girls laughed too, all well aware of the chemistry between John and Maria Fernandez. Despite their obvious attraction to one another, they knew that nothing would happen between them in reality.

Alyssa's eyes sparkled with excitement. *Jade pretending to be Maria, or Edraele with the twins... it wouldn't be real, so it'd just be harmless fantasy! Oh, we can have so much fun with this!*

When Alyssa gave him a saucy wink, John rolled his eyes at the blonde. Turning his attention back to the Nymph, he cupped Jade's beautiful face in his hands and said gently, "I don't want you to feel like you have to pretend to be anyone else. I love you for the woman you are, not to just use you to act out some crazy fantasies."

Jade softly brushed her lips against his, then gazed into his eyes and whispered, "I know... that's why it's okay." Her emerald eyes shimmered in the light as she continued, "The fact that something's naughty makes it all the more thrilling. I'd love to be able to help you indulge some of your wilder fantasies; you don't have to feel any guilt over it." 

"Thank you," he said, appreciating her selflessness.

*She's not being selfless, our saucy little Nymph is even more into it than I am,* Alyssa interjected, as she heard the Nymph's lustful thoughts. *She's already making plans...*

John glanced at Jade again and she gave him a far-too-innocent smile. 

The Nymph's happy expression wavered for a moment and Jade asked tentatively, "Would someone mind telling me what I missed while I was asleep?"

Her companions glanced at each other, not sure where to start.

"You were out for fourteen hours," Alyssa said, while stroking Jade's arm. "You missed quite a bit."

The Nymph's hands went straight to her tummy, stroking the toned dark-green skin as her eyes flicked to John. "Fourteen hours... like when a new girl joins you for the first time..." She sighed happily and nodded with satisfaction. "I do feel like a new woman now; someone worthy of being your mate."

"You always were!" John protested, holding her close.

Jade didn't bother to disagree, she just purred loudly as she snuggled into him.

"How about the videos Faye put together!" Dana suddenly blurted out, drawing everyone's attention. She looked at the cute purple sprite and added, "Jade can just watch those, that'll save us trying to explain everything that happened."

Faye nodded, then smiled at the Nymph when Jade's curious emerald eyes flickered her way. "Of course! I'll be happy to run through everything with you!"

Alyssa sat up straighter and said in an authoritative voice, "We skipped dinner last night, so I'm sure everyone's hungry and could do with a nice big breakfast... While Jade's reviewing the battle footage, I think it's about time Sakura began her role as Head Chef."

Sakura had perked up at the thought of John filling her stomach with his sweet-tasting cum, but her face fell when she realised what the blonde actually meant. She looked anxious as she hesitantly replied, "Okay, I'll go make a start."

Calara shared a smile with Alyssa as she put her arm around the Asian girl. "Don't worry. We'll be there to teach you everything we know, remember?"

Sakura immediately relaxed and the trio of girls climbed off the bed, leaving John to look at them all in surprise. His confusion deepened when Jade pulled away from him to join them. "Weren't we all planning on a team victory celebration in bed this morning?" he asked the departing women.

Alyssa darted a glance at the four girls still on the bed with him, an enigmatic smile on her face. Dana, Rachel, and the Maliri twins all turned to look her way, clearly listening to the blonde's telepathic instructions.

"I know you very well, handsome," she reminded him gently. "You love a wild eight-girl-orgy as much as I do, but that's not what you need this morning, not really."

He looked back at the four girls who were approaching him on the bed, each of them with a similar look of tenderness in their eyes.

"Alyssa just reminded us that you saved all our lives," Rachel said quietly, her fingertips lightly brushing over his skin as she ran her fingers up his arm.

John realised that he was surrounded by the girls in the ground team that had accompanied him through the ferocious underground battle with the Kirrix. As he remembered the frantic combat and the magnificent way the girls had all accounted for themselves in that brutal firefight, his expression softened, eyes filled with pride.

"Have fun..." Alyssa said with an affectionate smile, drawing all their attention as she left the bedroom and glided away into the corridor beyond.

Dana shook her head in admiration at the blonde, before turning back to look at the others. "She's a manipulative minx, but she's right; I'm glad it's just us this time..." She knelt between Irillith and Tashana, putting her arm around both their waists and kissing each of them on the shoulder. "I feel closer to all of you than ever before."

Irillith nodded, reaching out to hold John's hand and interlacing her fingers with his. "That whole battle was thrilling! Thinking back on it now, I can't believe how recklessly I threw myself into combat. I'm amazed I survived it!" She paused then turned to give the redhead beside her a tender kiss on the cheek. "Actually, I shouldn't be surprised, not when you've built us such incredible gear."

"My heart was thumping the entire time..." Rachel admitted, smiling gratefully at John when he put an arm around her. She looked across at Dana and the Maliri girls. "You were all so fearless! I just kept reminding myself I had to be as brave as you; anything less would have let the team down."

"I'd never have guessed," Tashana said, closing the circle by putting her arm around the brunette. "You were calm, confident, and professional. It was incredibly reassuring to know that if I got hurt, you'd be there to take care of me."

"I was so worried about all of you being in so much danger," John admitted, looking at each of the girls in turn. "But you were absolutely phenomenal! I've never been prouder of any of you after the way you handled yourselves yesterday."

"You were amazing too," Dana said softly, her cheeks flushing as she gazed at him. "I was terrified when the train toppled over, but you just reacted instantly and saved us all. I went from being scared out of my mind to feeling totally safe as soon as you held me..."

The girls all nodded, glancing around at each other before looking at John with affection and admiration. That quickly developed into something much more exciting and he saw the subtle shift in their eyes as passions were inflamed.

John caught the subtle flicker of emotion on Tashana's face when she glanced at Irillith and he immediately worried that this was too soon for her. *Are you sure you're alright with this?* he asked, framing the question in his thoughts. Alyssa immediately realised his intent and passed the message on for him via telepathy. 

Tashana nodded imperceptibly as she heard the blonde's voice in her mind, but John wasn't entirely convinced. He smiled at the rest of the girls and said, "I don't know how you feel, but I think we should celebrate properly... Why don't we use the playroom?"

"Fuck yeah!" Dana blurted out, grinning in delight. 

Rachel and the twins had never used it before, but they'd all heard the tales. 

John smiled at them and said, "Why don't you girls go and set it up, then meet me in the bathroom? We'll have a nice soak in the bath first then head over there... Tashana, feel like helping me get everything ready?"

She nodded at once, realising he wanted to speak to her alone. They broke apart from their group hug and went their separate ways, with Dana, Rachel, and Irillith talking animatedly as they left. John led Tashana into the bathroom, then started running the bath and pressed the button to add bubbles. He glanced at Tashana who appeared lost in thought, the Maliri girl only rousing from her reverie when he dimmed the lights to a soft glow. 

"Are you sure you're alright with this?" he asked, slipping his arms around her from behind. 

Tashana leaned back against his chest and tilted her head so she could gaze up into his eyes, the confusion and doubt quite clear in those violet orbs. "I don't know," she admitted softly. "I look at Irillith and I'm not sure if I want to kiss her or claw her eyes out..."

"She hurt you very badly, but you've also grown really close in the last couple of weeks," John said, hugging her tighter for reassurance. "Trying to adjust to both sets of opposing memories and feelings must be incredibly difficult."

Tashana forced herself to relax, the rigid tension in her body easing away. "I've seen the way I was before, all twisted up with hate and hungry for revenge," she said in a hushed whisper. "I don't want to be like that again and Irillith doesn't deserve that either, not any more." 

John hesitated, unsure what to say for a moment. He leaned down to give her a gentle kiss, then said, "I love you and I love Irillith, so I only want the best for both of you. Just know that no one is going to push you into anything you're not ready for, particularly not me. It's barely been a day since I restored your old memories, so take as much time as you need to adjust to everything, okay?"

Her violet eyes gazed into the distance for a moment, before she nodded decisively. "The old Irillith and Edraele are long gone, so harbouring this resentment towards them is pointless. I know the future I want for myself, so putting this off isn't going to change anything."

"Are you sure?" John asked, gently stroking her arm. 

She turned in his embrace and pressed herself up against him. "I want to see the look of pride in your eyes when Irillith, Edraele, and I are all pregnant by you. If I'm going to get what I really want, I have to leave what happened to me in the past."

"You're a remarkable woman, Tashana," he said, filled with admiration for her sense of drive and purpose. "I'll do everything I can to give you the happy future you've always deserved."

They kissed each other passionately, losing track of time as their lips moved together. 

***

Sakura crouched down warily, all her senses honed to a razor-sharp edge as she watched her target with an unblinking hawk-like stare. 

Alyssa squatted down beside the Asian girl, sharing in the tense vigil with a grim expression on her beautiful face. The blonde handed over a knife, then nodded towards the bacon and sausages sizzling on the grill. "If they make a wrong move, go for the eyes..."

Calara giggled and patted Sakura on the shoulder. "As long as the heat's kept low, they'll be fine! Part of the art of cooking is multi-tasking, so let's get you started with frying some eggs."

The Asian girl slowly straightened and shot her an anxious glance. "I don't know if that's wise. My dad always said I could burn a pan of water."

"You're doing well, don't worry," Alyssa said, her voice soothing as she stroked Sakura's arm. "We're here to help you avoid any disasters."

The kitchen lit up with a purple flash and Faye appeared beside the three girls. "Hey!" she greeted them all with a bright smile. "The last of the Trankaran civilians are disembarking, but a few of them wanted to say thank you to the pilot of the 'big robot', that saved them from the Kirrix."

Alyssa darted a glance at Calara and the Latina immediately put her arm around Sakura as she said, "Go ahead, honey. I'll keep things ticking over until you get back."

The blonde smiled at Sakura and held out a slender hand for her. "Come on, let's go say hello."

"I'll meet you down there!" Faye announced, then vanished as quickly as she'd appeared.

Walking hand-in-hand, the two girls left the Kitchen and strolled through the Officers' Lounge, heading for the grav-tubes. Alyssa could feel the various emotions surging through her raven-haired companion and she stroked her thumb across the back of her hand. Sakura glanced at her, giving her a nervous but excited grin as they stepped into the red glow of the anti-gravity field. 

The hubbub on the lower deck had subsided now, with the vast majority of the Trankaran civilians having safely disembarked to the huge battlecarrier known as the Kerhom's Anvil. When Alyssa and Sakura walked out of the grav-tube, they saw Faye standing beside three figures by the airlock door at the other end of the corridor. A big Trankaran male with a trauma kit wrapped around his thigh, had his arm around a Trankaran woman, while a small girl stood between them, holding her mother's hand. 

"Go ahead," Alyssa said softly, giving Sakura an encouraging smile.

The blonde watched as her friend glided down the corridor towards the purple sprite and the Trankaran family. Faye turned towards the Asian girl, gesturing towards her as she spoke to the survivors. The little girl immediately ran towards Sakura, arms held wide for a hug, a joyful smile on her tiny dark-grey face. Sakura dropped to her knees and embraced the little girl, then glanced up at the tearful parents, who patted her shoulder and murmured words of earnest gratitude.

Alyssa could feel a lump in her throat as she watched the Trankarans thank their saviour. She could feel the sense of pride in Sakura and an easing of the weight of guilt she carried on her shoulders for all those years spent as Shinatobe.
