 Alia & Mara's mother was excited to hear of the news of Mara's true gender. (Her father needed a little help coping with the idea, but he at least only had to worry about one boy taking one of his little girls away.) Their mother confirmed for Mara that she had gone through a reproductive change, where her body would spend the next few days in a sexual frenzy trying to impregnate itself, and then they would know in a few weeks if it had worked. It was now Alia's turn to help Mara get through her own change.

And when Mara awoke hotter and hornier than she had ever been in the morning, she now understood why and didn't panic, just stretched and writhed in pleasure at the many sensations happening all over her body. Her nipples tented her thin pajama shirt, and her lady dick made an even bigger tent in her pants, damp at the tip where precum soaked through. Her pussy tingled with such arousal that her head felt light on her pillow. She moaned quietly and squeezed her breasts, watching a pearl of clear precum slip through the fabric as a warm twinge ran through her cock.

She looked over her shoulder to the clock. Her parents had left for work an hour ago, and classes were done for the semester. Perfect. She let herself moan a little louder at the next pulse of her lady dick. She squeezed her nipples, hard and taut in her fingers, and bucked her hips as her pussy and dick throbbed. Their heat swirled together and flowed into her belly. She now knew this was her white cum going into her to try to get her pregnant. She grabbed her dick through the fabric, even feeling how hot it was through the thin cotton as it stiffened to maximum hardness, and her pussy tightened, then pulsed with a violent orgasm. She screamed and bucked into her hand, knowing now she was reverse-coming from her dick as the jolts raced into her belly, and enjoying the painful intensity as her pussy went berserk.

Alia hurried into the room, slightly groggy but hard like she had been the past few mornings. She woke up completely as she watched her sister fuck her hand. Mara pulled hard on her nipple and bit her lip. Alia started rubbing her own hard cock as she watched Mara's pussy pulse through her pajamas.

"A little help," Mara giggled but grunted, turning to her side in agony.

"Shit, sorry," Alia said.

She quickly stripped her pajamas away, crossed the room, and pulled Mara's pajama bottoms off. She lifted Mara's leg over her shoulder and pet her soaked pussy lips. Mara threw her head back, her hips bucking against her sister's hand. Alia kissed Mara's leg before she shoved her lady dick completely into her. Mara moaned with relaxed relief as her orgasm calmed down. The heat of her dick cooled, and it started going limp as Alia rubbed her back and ass.

"Can you go slow?"

Alia obeyed and pulled slowly out of Mara, then pushed slowly back into her. Mara arched her back, her mouth opening in a voiceless cry. Alia closed her eyes as Mara's walls welcomed her dick with a gentle clench.

"Yes," she whispered and did it again.

Mara sighed. "Yes, Alia, just like that."

She turned over and let Alia crawl on top of her as she kept moving in long, slow thrusts inside of her. She wrapped her arms around her, and they shared a sweet kiss. Alia stuck her tongue out between the slight part of Mara's lips. Mara licked her tongue back before they rolled their tongues around each other's. They let their lips lock in a passionate kiss as their lower bodies collided in slow ecstasy.

Alia wanted to go faster so badly, feeling herself on the brink of cumming, but she wanted to make her big sister happy. Mara's hands roamed down her back, leaving trails of fire. She rested on Alia's ass and squeezed her cheeks.

"Ungh, Mara," Alia moaned. Her skin tingled, and she let her head fall to Mara's neck, gave it a little French kiss. The pressure was building in her body, and she wondered how long it would stay there. "Fuck, you feel so good."

"I want this to last forever," Mara whispered, twisting her nipple through her shirt. Alia lifted it and took Mara's breast into her mouth. Mara arched her back as she moaned. She bucked her hips once, and Alia bucked to meet her, then slowed again, licking her nipple in lazy little circles.

Suddenly, Alia felt a little push at her stomach and propped up on her arms to look down. Mara's belly began to grow, filling up with her white cum. Mara put her hands on it to feel it swelling and rubbed it hopefully. Seeing her sister the way she would look when she finally was pregnant made Alia's skin tingle, and she thrust a little faster into Mara. The pressure in Mara's hips mounted at this extra force, and her body went stiff. She gave a wordless cry as her pussy started thrashing Alia's cock. Alia couldn't help but speed up again at the feel of her sister's walls massaging her. She screamed, her pussy going crazy as her dick blew its load. She pumped harder into Mara, sending spurt after spurt of girl cum into her until it leaked out around her cock. When she calmed down, she fell beside Mara, who hugged her tightly and kissed her lips.

"Thank you," Mara breathed. She ran her hands into Alia's hair as her sister kissed her chest, her neck, then her lips. Mara looked into her eyes and stroked her cheek. Alia rubbed her swollen belly, and Mara bit her lip. "Alia, I love you."

"I love you, too, Mara."

"No, I mean..."

"I know." Alia held her hand. She blushed. "Even though I'll find my one soon, you're my first, and I'm glad you are. I'm in love with you, Mara."

Mara's eyes watered. What had she worried for? She dreamed of hearing these words from her little sister, and here she was saying them. She grabbed Alia's face and kissed her again. Alia kissed back, flicked her tongue out to lick Mara's top lip. Mara licked Alia's tongue, and they pressed together again, grinding their hips against each other's.

When Mara felt the swirl in her belly, she knew what was about to happen. Her pussy tightened, about to contract again. She moaned in Alia's mouth, then gasped as Alia slid her fingers into her pussy and rammed it. Though her cock was limp, when Alia lifted it into her mouth, Mara's legs shook with pleasure.

"Alia! Yes!" Mara's hips bucked wildly against Alia. Her semen flowed down from her now shrinking belly and added heat to the intensity of her orgasm. White cum gushed past Alia's hand. Her cock shot to full hardness as it blew some of it into her sister's mouth, and Alia swallowed it hungrily. It was hot and still slightly sweet but saltier than their clear cum. Most of it was flowing from Mara's pussy, so Alia just licked and sucked at her girlcock when it didn't shoot anymore. Alia's constant sucking of Mara's cock made Mara so horny, she couldn't think anymore.

"Oh God, Alia, I—ahh!" Mara fucked Alia's face as another orgasm hit, and this time, Alia tasted the sweet girl cum Mara normally poured into her mouth. There wasn't as much, but Alia sucked every last drop from Mara, swallowed it with a satisfied moan, then reached down and kissed Mara's pussy lips where the flow of her cum had finally stopped.

Mara pulled Alia back up to her, and she licked Alia's lips to taste the mix of her cum. She felt light-headed at the contrasting tastes, and hummed in approval.

"I could get used to this," she sighed. Alia giggled and rested her head on Mara's shoulder. They lay there holding each other until they napped for a little while.

~Four Months Later~

Mara walked up to her mirror and turned to the side, lifting her pajama top to see her round belly. She bit her lip and smiled, rubbing the life inside of her. In at least two more months, she would give birth to her first child. Her heart raced at the thought. She wondered if she would have a boy or girl. Maybe she would have twins. A part of her wanted twins who would form the same bond as she and Alia.

Mara rubbed her thighs together. Even thinking of Alia sometimes got her so horny these days. She sighed, watched the inevitable tent start to slowly form as her cock hardened a little. Four months ago, Alia's change had finally calmed down, but it had been at the height of Mara's. They had made love to each other every morning that first week, fondled each other's parts under the table at dinner, and most nights, they would just share a bed because in the middle of the night, both of them were at their horniest because of their wild dreams.

Mara imagined Alia's hands rubbing her belly, then sliding down to her cock, groping her there, licking her pussy clean of the juice she felt tickling her inner walls and moistening her panties. Pregnancy really made her horny. All she thought about was fucking Alia, and Alia happily obliged. Her cock rose to full attention at the thought, and she rubbed it through her pajamas. A naughty smile tweaked her lips, and she stripped her clothes away, leaving her panties on and adjusting her dick so the outline of her hardness was clear.

Alia was still asleep, dreaming of being rammed by her pregnant sister, dreaming that every thrust made her own belly push out until she was pregnant herself. It couldn't happen, but the idea made her panties so wet in her sleep. She had her hand between her legs, thrusting against her fingers. Her cock against her belly was creating a pool of precum. When Mara came inside of her in the dream, Alia's belly got even bigger, and clear and white cum burst from her pussy as she came. Alia bucked against her fingers in her sleep, moaned aloud when her cock blew a load of girl spunk between her bare breasts. She stayed asleep for a moment, but a tongue licking at her breasts brought her to consciousness. Mara's curly head was in her line of vision, and she put her other hand in Mara's hair, moaning as Mara licked at one of her hard nipples.

"You have some hot dreams, little sister," Mara said, reaching up to kiss Alia, then standing so Alia's eyes could trail her body.

Alia put a hand on her round belly and rubbed it lovingly. She looked further down and smiled devilishly at the outline of Mara's hard cock in her panties. She moved her hand down to rub it, and Mara closed her eyes as she moaned. "They're always about you, Mara." Alia kept rubbing at Mara's cock, watching the spot at her head get damp with precum. Mara let her hips rock gently at Alia's caress, rubbed her belly happily, then her breast, swollen with milk. "Get down here," Alia ordered.

Mara smiled at her and crawled into the bed, crying out as Alia took her nipple into her mouth. Alia massaged and squeezed milk from her, drinking it as she licked and sucked at Mara's nipple. Mara reached down and rubbed Alia's cock, and it got hard again at her touch. Alia rubbed Mara's cock through her panties as well, and their hips moved slowly against each other's hands.

"Let's suck each other off," Mara suggested, such hunger in her eyes that Alia could've cum right then.

She gave Mara a peck on her lips before Mara shifted to kneel over her face. Before she could bend over onto her hands as well, Alia grabbed her thighs and kissed her pussy lips through her panties. Mara gasped in shock, then giggled.

"You're so naughty."

Alia moved the fabric aside and licked Mara's lips as she rubbed her thighs. Mara sucked in a breath. She started to slowly move her hips, making love to her sister's face. Alia licked all around Mara's pussy, then pulled her panties down and took a lip into her mouth to suckle it. She licked around Mara's pussy again before sliding her tongue into her hole.

"Alia, oh my God," Mara breathed. She rubbed her belly and leaned down, sitting on her sister's face as she propped herself down onto her elbows and started licking Alia's shaft.

Alia grunted, thrusting involuntarily at the feel of Mara's tongue moving up and down her dick. She took a hold of Mara's purple shaft and slowly began to caress it, feeling a drop precum hit her chest. Mara caressed the base of Alia's shaft and licked the precum from her head hungrily. She carefully slid her other arm beneath Alia's leg and reached around to caress her pussy. Alia's juices flowed freely then. She moaned, stroking Mara a little faster, and ran her hand up her thigh. She replaced her tongue with her fingers as she licked at Mara's shaft, sucking it into her mouth.

"Fuck," Mara cried out, feeling Alia's warm lips and tongue roll around her dick. "That feels so good, Alia." She kissed Alia's leaking head and slid her mouth around Alia's lady dick as well, sucking lower and lower by centimeters each time she bobbed.

Mara dipped her hips slowly down into Alia's mouth as Alia thrust up into Mara's, both of their fingers fucking each other's pussies at an agonizing but glorious pace. Their moans vibrated along each other's shafts, making the other moan in turn to create a lusty chorus. Mara's pussy juices rolled down Alia's hand and dripped onto her lips, and Alia used it to lube Mara's cock even more, enjoying the sweet taste of her sister's sexes. Mara used her thumb to rub Alia's lower lips as her fingers massaged her walls. She bobbed lower down onto her cock until Alia's thrusts forced her cockhead into her throat. Mara smiled and swallowed.

Alia whimpered around Mara's cock, feeling her sister's throat muscles caress her head in such a sweet way. She rubbed her ass with her free hand and gently pushed Mara's hips down to spread her legs more. As Mara obeyed, her dick reached Alia's throat, and Alia swallowed it deep inside. Mara's breath hitched, as Alia's throat massaged her hard cock. She almost choked when she lost concentration, but she forced herself to focus and pulled her tongue all the way up Alia's shaft, let her tongue lash her sister's cockhead before she sucked her cock all the way back into her throat.

"Mmmm," Alia moaned loudly, her pussy tightening around Mara's fingers. Her belly tightened in that way that she knew she was about to cum, and her cock got even harder in Mara's throat.

Mara's pussy tightened. For a moment, her body tensed completely, and then, she exploded in her sister's mouth, thrusting into her throat and around Alia's fingers, spraying cum from her pussy. She pulled Alia from her mouth and screamed then. "Fuck, yes, Alia!"

She took Alia into her hand and worked furiously on her dick, rubbing it hard up and down as she finger fucked her harder, too. Alia thrust faster and faster against Mara's hand, and her pussy juices came faster and faster. Mara calmed down and sucked Alia's cock back into her mouth, working it hard and fast to match Alia's thrusts.

"Oh, oh, Mara! Ungh!" Alia's hips bucked hard as she burst. She shot her cum down Mara's throat and squirted through Mara's fingers. She cried out with each spurt of cum Mara swallowed. Mara slowed for a second, then held Alia in place to keep swallowing around her head. Alia kept crying and fucking Mara's face, another orgasm quickly following with Mara's insistence. Mara swallowed her cum and lashed her shaft with wild abandon, and Alia came again, her pussy squirting again, splashing Mara's face.

"Fuck, Mara, fuuuuck!"

Alia's fourth orgasm surprised her, her pussy walls sucking Mara's fingers in the same way Mara's throat was sucking her cock. Mara's cock hardened again at Alia's voice, and Alia sucked it back into her mouth, working it fast with her tongue. She thrust her fingers hard on Mara's g-spot, and Mara tried to close her legs, but she couldn't with Alia's head there. Her throat vibrated Alia's cock as she screamed, her second orgasm coming hard and long. Her pussy soaked Alia's face beneath her as she bucked against it.

Alia finally came down from her high. Her dick fell limp from Mara's throat before her sister could drive her crazy, but Alia kept her mouth around Mara's cock as her sister fucked her face. Clear cum dribbled from the corner of Alia's lips as Mara calmed down and slowly pulled up from her sister's sweet mouth. Mara lied back and sighed, her face flushed.

Alia turned to lie beside her and pulled her face to hers, kissing her hard and passionately. Tasting each other on their tongues got them semi-hard again, and they pressed themselves against each other, their hands roaming their bodies. Mara broke away first to catch her breath, her head swimming.

"Are you okay?" Alia asked, rubbing her sister's small belly.

"Just dizzy," Mara breathed. "A good dizzy."

Their hips continued to move slowly, but their cocks were sensitive. Already, they felt their orgasms rising. They writhed against each other, breathing into each other's mouths as their cocks slid between them. Their bodies tensed at the same time, and they cried out in unison as they came, their sparkly cum bathing their stomachs and breasts in long spurts. They panted at the glorious release, then kissed each other again, this time stopping before they could get hard enough to come again. They held each other as they caught their breaths, and fell back to sleep.