 I didn't know much about Alia. She was hot...That was it. I'm not really sure what she was. She looked mixed with something, had perfect, naturally dark tan skin, and long, curly black hair. She always wore skirts. It might've been cultural, but again, not sure what she was. Until earlier tonight.

Alia developed overnight. One day, she was kind of flat-chested. The next day, boom, 32C. She fidgeted a lot, too. I'd watch her adjust in her chair, never getting comfortable, sometimes fix her skirt. Other times, I swore she was flushed. After that first week, she fidgeted less and less, so I figured, if she developed late, then maybe it was just her period coming late, too.

None of this should've been on my mind. I'm Alia's T.A. I try not to mess with my teacher's students, which actually isn't all that hard for me. My name is Kent. I'm 25, and I am...I was a virgin. For a long time, I knew something was weird about me. I was attracted to girls, but when I tried to be with one, I never stayed interested enough, or hard enough, to get very far. When I wondered if I was gay, I tried looking at gay porn and pics, and none of it did anything for me. So, I thought I was asexual. I could get myself off, and that would have to be enough.

Fortunately, that wasn't enough. Earlier tonight, I was grading papers in the library and fell asleep. It might've been because Alia was two tables in front of me that I dreamed about her. Actually, I was in her body, glancing up at myself sleeping two tables away. Alia looked back down, so I glanced at her breasts, a lock of her curls draped over it, then down at her pretty legs peeking out of her skirt. I wanted to see if I was lucid, so I thought about touching her legs. Alia dropped her hand to her lap and stroked her knees, then looked down in shock. I felt her face warm up and wondered what else I could do. I took the hem of her skirt and slowly drew her skirt up to see her thighs. I ran my fingertips along her inner thigh, and a chill went through her body. I lost control of her as I felt a stir in my pants. Alia quickly pulled her skirt down again and squeezed her legs together. She slid a hand between her thighs.

"Not now," she whispered.

Somehow, I felt her hand pressing down on my penis, trying to stop it from getting hard. There was no stopping it, though. In fact, I don't think I'd ever gotten harder faster. I moaned in my sleep, and Alia looked up at me. Through her eyes, I saw my hand holding the obvious bulge of my six and a half inches tenting my jeans. I felt her suddenly get wet, and something else caught my eye. I looked down to see a tent rising in her skirt.

"Kent?" her voice sounded shocked, but her breath was heavy. She looked at me again, and my tent looked to be leaning towards her.

I woke up with a light gasp, rock hard. Alia was still across from me, her face obviously flushed as she stared down at her book. Her chest heaved slowly, her nipples poking through her shirt. She crossed her legs, and that's when I realized something else was up. I felt her thighs rub my balls, and when she squeezed her legs, I shuddered and came. It wasn't a lot, but I felt the jizz shoot out of my head. Alia bit her lip, but she never looked at me. Instead, she packed her things, looked around, and stood with her books covering her lap.

"We need to go," she whispered on her way by me.

I grabbed my things in one sweep and followed her upstairs to the third floor, No Man's Land even during school hours. We went to a dark corner only partially touched by the lights downstairs and dropped our things in the chairs. She turned to me, and I saw the bulge in her skirt.

"I wasn't dreaming," I said. Alia obviously had a secret, and I was looking right at it.

"No," she said. "My mother is an alien. The dream you had means that you're my mate. We're bound to each other."

My eyes widened briefly, but I felt that she was telling the truth. "How?"

Alia blushed, but she took off her shirt and bra. Her breasts were beautiful, her nipples black and hard. Then, she unzipped her skirt, pushed it to the floor. Through one leg of her panties, her dick, five and a half inches, was pointing at my hard cock, which twitched at the sight. I moved closer to her. The head looked like a clit, but it was closed like a cockhead. Everything about it was feminine.

"Touch it," she said. I did and jumped when I felt like someone had touched mine. "You feel what I feel so that your pleasure is heightened. This only happens to those who are bound to each other. You are my One."

"This is a lot to take in...figuratively." Alia smiled at my accidental joke. I ran my hand slowly along her shaft, moaned as the sensation went along mine. I stopped. "Wait...what about your pleasure?"

She smiled sweetly then. She took my other hand and tucked it between her legs. I felt her lips through her panties, damp and warm, and my dick went to full hardness. She had a penis and a vagina. I ran my fingers across her lips, and she closed her eyes with a sigh. My fingers against her pussy were getting wetter, her juice coming through the fabric. I worked my other hand around the band of her panties and pulled them down. Alia unbuttoned my jeans and unzipped them, pushing them and my boxers down in one motion. My cock flew up, the head glossed by my spontaneous cum minutes before. Alia took her cock in one hand, mine in the other, and rubbed them both. My hips moved with a mind of their own, feeling both of her hands around it.

I took her breasts in my hands and kneaded them. She threw her head back then, gasping. Crystal clear precum pearled at the head of her lady dick, and my mouth watered. I hadn't realized my lips were parted, but I felt the drool at the corner of my mouth. Alia reached up and licked it away, then sucked my bottom lip into her mouth. I licked her top lip before we started kissing, lips and tongues rolling around each other. Her mouth was warm and soft. I was getting dizzy and harder from the feel of Alia's hands on our dicks. Precum was lubing us both up, and I was starting to want more.

Alia knew it, and she backed up, lay herself on the table, and spread her legs to me. I got a full view of her beautiful pink folds dripping for me. I blushed. The jig was up.

"I've never...I'm a virgin."

Alia's eyes widened. "Really?"

"Really. I didn't know I could actually get...well, like this." My cockhead was purple and crying precum.

Alia smiled. "We can go slow."

She wagged her finger for me to come closer, so I stepped out of my jeans and moved between her legs. She wrapped them around my waist and took my cock in one hand, pulled her lips apart with the other to show me her hole. I took my cock in my hand and moved her other hand away from her pussy, mimicking pornos I'd watched by tracing her folds with my cockhead. She whimpered and thrust her hips.

"Please fuck me, Kent," she said in a voice so sweet I almost blew my load before I could even do anything.

I pressed my cockhead into her cunt, a little at first. Then, I pushed in a little more. Alia's walls pulled my cock as I went deeper. They hugged me so tight, I knew slow was going to be the best route if I didn't want to cum too fast. I watched my cock disappear inside of Alia, my dream girl, and she arched her back as her pussy adjusted to me. I pulled out a little, pushed in again, and she moaned. My head kissed her cervix. I pulled out and back in to kiss it again. She was so tight and wet, I moaned, too. Alia took her cock in her hand and started to move slowly in the opposite direction of my thrusts. That made for a constant feeling of motion along my cock, and I put my hands on the table to keep myself steady. We began to breathe hard together, keeping our moans quiet as our hips met.

I leaned further down, laying my body along hers and taking one of her nipples into my mouth. Alia moaned a little louder as I swirled my tongue around and around, suckled her tender flesh. Her pussy was getting tighter, and her hand moved a little faster on her lady dick. It made me thrust into her a little faster, but I forced myself to slow back down, feeling in my legs going away a little. Alia swirled her precum around her head, and I hunched my back a little, surprising her when I ran my tongue along her cockhead, feeling it on mine. Alia covered her mouth to muffle a scream as her back arched more. Her cum was sweet, like corn syrup. Her pussy clamped down on my cock in hard waves when I licked her cock again, and clear cum shot out of her head. The churning on my dick made my knees lock as my cum boiled up into my shaft. I pushed deep into Alia, exploded inside of her. Her pussy swallowed me again and again like it was starved. It milked the cum from my cock, and I grunted and panted hard. Her pussy slowed and relaxed, so Alia slowed down on her cock. A river of cum painted her body, and she dipped her fingers along it, then brought them to my lips. I sucked her fingers into my mouth and licked them dry.

Alia smiled and relaxed against the table. "Fuck, that was good."

"Really?" I didn't think we were even at it that long, but she did seem satisfied.

"For your first time? Hell yes." Alia licked her own cum off of her fingers.

I ran my fingers down Alia's glistening stomach and licked my fingers, too. "You taste like fucking candy."

Alia smiled and wiggled her hips. I grunted at the pressure. Was I still hard? "Step back."

I did and watched my dick slide from Alia's pussy. Yep, still hard. She stood, and my cum flowed down her legs. I wanted to faint as my dick jumped with the new rush of blood to it. Alia knelt before me.

"Put your hands on the table."

I obeyed and gasped when she licked the cum from my shaft. She kissed my balls, sucked each one into her mouth with care, and ran her tongue along them. Then she sucked my cock into her mouth. She put her hands on my hips and guided them back and forth. Her tongue was magic, rolling around my head and shaft, and her cheeks caressed me as she bobbed back and forth. As I found my rhythm, she dropped one hand back to my balls, the other to stroke her cock, which I only knew when I felt her phantom hand on mine inside of her mouth. I held in a loud moan and held the table for dear life. Alia pulled my cock all the way out to my head, lashed it with her tongue, and sucked me all the way back in. Her nose was in my pubic hair, and her throat had at least an inch of me. She swallowed my cock, and I thrust hard. Alia rolled my balls in her hand and rubbed the head of my cock through hers.

"Damn, Alia," I breathed. She moaned around my cock, pulled out, and went deep again, swallowing my head with ease. Her massage of my balls was making my dick crazy hard, and her slow strokes of her cock were about to milk mine again. "Fuck, Alia," I gasped. I felt it rising again and thrust into her face. "Fuck!" My legs went stiff as I blew my load down her throat, grunting over and over as I came in hard bursts. Alia swallowed every drop with ease, sucking me completely dry, and my arms buckled. I rested on my elbows as she pulled my softening dick from her sweet mouth. She licked my dick clean, then pulled me down to kiss me. Her cum on my tongue, and mine on hers made for one great mix, and we licked and sucked on each other's mouths until our lips were swollen.

"Where did you learn how to do all this?" I asked when I caught my breath.

Alia blushed. "My sister was my first." I almost fainted then. Alia kissed me once more. "Come home with me."