 Kent had quite a month. One day, he was a normal guy, leaning towards the idea that he might be asexual. The next day, he was bonded to one of the prettiest girls on campus, Alia, who he learned was a half human, half futa alien. The cock between her legs sent psychic pleasures to his, making him feel anything and everything she did to hers as though it was his own. But her kind wasn't just there to please the men they bonded to. Unlike many futa pornos he had started watching, Alia's race had both a penis—which grew from what was once her clit—and a vagina.

Even weeks later, Kent couldn't believe his luck. But of all the things Alia had told him about her race—the psychic link, the initial bond, etc.—Alia forgot to mention one thing: blue moons.

Kent was in the library grading papers when his mind wandered. He and Alia had made the most intense love just that morning. He came twice inside her and once more when he pulled out just from the force of her multiple orgasms trying to hold onto his cock. His heart raced, and his blood started flowing naturally downwards at the memory of Alia's girl cock bathing her with her clear, sweet cum, the way her pussy sprayed just seconds before Kent's jizz burst forth that third time to mix with the cum on her belly. It was amazing.

"Focus, Kent," he breathed to himself. He shook his head, adjusted his jeans and squeezed away the slight hardness there as he moved onto another paper.

Then, he felt a hand on his cock, and he quickly looked down. Nothing was there, but he could definitely feel a hand there. Another hand came around it, and Kent's brow furrowed. His dick stirred and grew hard as the hands slowly caressed blood into it. He knew those hands. Any other guy would have felt guilty, but one of the cool parts about bonding with Alia was her relationship with Mara.

Mara was Alia's older sister, a half futa, too, but unlike Alia, Mara was a different gender of female. She couldn't bond with a male the way Alia did, and she had both male and female internal organs to impregnate herself with the help of one of the other genders. There were periods over a few years where Mara's body would go into sexual frenzy to attempt this. It had already successfully happened the year before. 

Alia had explained not only this to him, but that she and Mara were in love with each other and had sex frequently! Though Alia was bonded to Kent, she made it clear that she would always be in love with her sister, and one other thing...

He had experienced this other thing not but two weeks into his relationship with Alia. Kent had come to their house one day, walking in freely—as he was part of the family now—and Mara quickly sat up and adjusted her sweats. Her face was flushed, and her breasts rose and fell hard, though she tried to breathe normally.

"Kent," she forced herself to say. She smoothed her curly black hair over one shoulder, then held onto it, crossed her legs, though that made her twinge. "What are you doing here so early? Alia won't be back for a little while."

"Sorry," Kent said, trying hard not to stare at Mara, just as beautiful and brown-skinned as her sister. Her nipples were swollen little buttons against her thin shirt. "I didn't really have much to do today and wanted to get some lunch started.

Mara smiled, but another twinge ran through her. "You're so sweet." She kept trying to control the twinges, but her body was betraying her state to him. "How are you and Alia..." She forced a cough. "Coming along?"

"Pretty well. I'm glad we're bonded." Mara forced another smile. Kent felt a stir in his pants but like Mara, he kept his hands busy, played with the strap on his bag.

"Great...Well, let me get out of your way." Somehow, Mara stood, but her legs shook, and she bent over for a moment with a strangled moan.

Kent stepped forward. He knew she was trying to hide her erection from him, but he refused to let her suffer. "Wait."

"No, no, it's fine," Mara breathed, tucking her hand between her legs like an embarrassed, teenage boy.

"No, Alia told me...She said when you need help, and she's not here...She told me to help you."

Mara looked at him, her dark eyes wide, and her face flushed. Then, she sighed with relief. "God, I love you guys."

Kent could tell that she meant it. He dropped his bag and helped her back to the couch. When he pulled down her sweats and panties, her cock flew up, purple and harder than he could ever imagine. Her pussy leaked and twitched impatiently. The sight tented Kent's jeans, stretching the fabric so that Mara looked down at it. She gasped, and her cock jumped as her pussy started clenching with an orgasm. Mara cried out and squeezed her legs together, rubbing her cock furiously, though nothing came out. Her male organ's cum was shooting into her, Alia had explained. Kent undid his jeans, and his cock fell out through his boxers' slit. He quickly pushed them down and climbed out of them. Mara seemed locked into the fetal position, humping the air in agony, but Kent took her legs, placed them on one shoulder, and plunged his cock into her frantic pussy. She was as tight as Alia, especially with her orgasm trying to crush his dick, but as he pushed inside, her walls relaxed, and Mara sighed so sexily that Kent got harder. He sawed into Mara in long, slow strokes, massaged her thighs with his hands.

"Kent, that's perfect," Mara moaned. She squeezed her breasts and arched her back. "Fuck, that's good."

Mara spread her legs, and Kent ducked to let her get her right leg to his other side. He lay over her and let her wrap her legs around his hips. Her dick lay limp on her stomach, but her pussy lubed and massaged his dick as she moaned and breathed. Kent let out a moan as his dick dribbled precum into his sister-in-law.

"I felt that," Mara said and bit her lip. "You're so hard. Fuck me, Kent."

"Mara..." Kent was shocked at her words but so aroused. His hips moved faster at her beck and call, and Mara thrust her hips to meet his. "Ohhh, fuck." Kent watched as her belly suddenly started to expand, first just a pudge, then a full roundness. Her cum was filling her up to try to get her pregnant. Mara rubbed her belly and pulled at her nipple. This was too much for Kent, and he growled as he came hard, thrusting even harder into Mara.

"Ah-ah-ahhhh!!" Mara cried. Her dick shot to full hardness again, and her pussy went back into a frenzy, milking Kent's cock for all he had.

He fell on top of Mara, and they tried to catch their breaths. Mara pulled Kent's face to hers and gave him a hungry, lust and love-filled kiss. Their tongues danced happily between their lips. Kent pulled away with a gasp and kissed her neck.

"This is so crazy," he breathed.

"Is it?" Alia giggled. He looked up with wide eyes at Alia standing beside the couch. She ran a hand through his hair and bent down to kiss him. Then, she kissed Mara, who moaned and moved her hand to the bulge beneath her sister's skirt. Kent felt her hand, and if he had softened inside of Mara, that was gone again. Alia stood straight and looked at Kent with a wicked smile. "Don't move."

Alia unsnapped her skirt and let it fall. She had no panties beneath, just her hard, purple girl cock. Mara wrapped her hand back around it and started to stroke it back and forth. Her hand resonated on Kent's cock, still buried deep inside of her, and he hardened some more.

"It's happening," Mara whispered. Her belly spasmed, and she moved faster on Alia's cock. A sudden hot wetness flowed over Kent's cock as Mara moaned into another orgasm. Her pussy walls sucked Kent's cock as white sperm gushed past her pussy lips. That sensation mixed with Mara's hand on Alia's cock, psychically on Kent's, and her walls massaging him, sent Kent into another orgasm, and he thrust hard into Mara.

"This is so hot," Alia squealed, thrusting into Mara's hand. She gasped, and then Kent gasped, as Mara wrapped her lips around Alia's cock. He pressed his hands on either side of the couch and almost passed out as he came again. Alia came this time, too, bracing her hands on the top of couch as she fucked Mara's mouth.

Kent felt Mara swallow Alia's head as though she was swallowing his, and he bucked into Mara until she pulled off of Alia's dick and cried out at the force.

"Fuck! Kent! Yes!"

Mara's orgasm was long and hard, and her dick shot a mix of white and clear cum, which Alia quickly caught with her mouth. She licked and sucked her sister dry, and Kent finally pulled out of Mara, dizzy and exhausted, to fall to the other end of the couch. He watched as Mara and Alia kissed and sucked at each other's glistening mouths, and for a time, he passed out.

So the hands on his dick in the library were Mara's, which meant that she was masturbating Alia. But how was he feeling that if they were home? He was as dizzy as he was hard, and he grabbed his cock through his jeans. Precum slipped out of his head and moistened his boxers. Mara's hands were so delicate and slow. He had to get home before he was cumming in the middle of the library.

Getting to the car was easy. It was the drive that was difficult. The closer he got to the house, the more he could feel Mara, and the harder he was becoming. His dick tented his jeans, and at the next light, he adjusted it to sit between his stomach and the waist of his pants. Pearly precum pooled beneath his shirt, and he moaned aloud at Mara's caress. Suddenly, her mouth was invisibly around him, and Kent slammed on the brakes just a few houses away. He humped and thrust as he came, his hot sperm rising up and burning his chest. He ran a hand through his hair and cried out. Her mouth moved effortlessly up and down his dick. He could only imagine it around Alia's beautiful girl penis.

When he finally made it home, he was right. Mara was kneeling between Alia's legs, sucking her off with ease. They were both naked. Alia's eyes were closed as she played with her nipples, whimpering, slowly fucking her sister's face. Kent quietly closed the door, stripped naked, and crept up behind Mara. She gasped as he grabbed her hips and stood her up, shoving his cock into her dripping hole. She moaned around Alia's cock and started sucking more enthusiastically before she pulled away.

"Open your eyes, Alia."

Alia obeyed and gasped with delight. "Hey."

"Hey," Kent smirked. He bent over Mara's back, took a hand to each of her breasts, and kneaded them as he reached Alia's lips. Their tongues rolled around each other as Mara went back to work on Alia's dick. The feeling was so intense, that he pulled away from Alia. "Why could I feel this from school?"

"Crap. Blue moon. I forgot. It strengthens our link and makes us extremely horny."

"Is there anything else you've forgotten to tell me?"

Alia smiled playfully. "I don't think so—ohhhh, Mara, fuck." Alia threw her head back and thrust into her sister's face.

Mara's mouth invisibly stroked Kent's cock as he massaged her wet walls. He squeezed her breasts, pinched her nipples, and kissed her shoulder. "I love you girls."

Mara moaned as Alia said, "We love you, too."

Kent thrust faster into Mara, and she choked around Alia, even that sensation going to Kent's dick. "I don't mean to break this up, but I want to try to get my mate pregnant."

Alia's smile was beautiful, and Mara licked up her shaft as she pulled away. Kent pulled out of Mara, his dick glistening with her pussy juices. Alia lay down along the couch and pulled Mara up to her head. She slid her fingers up Mara's slit, and Mara knowingly climbed up onto the couch, setting her knees on either side of Alia's head. Kent watched and rubbed his cock as Alia pulled Mara down and began to lick her pussy. Mara gasped and moaned, squeezing her breast with one hand as she rubbed her cock with the other. It cried shimmering clear cum that dripped down onto Alia's chest.

"Kent?" Alia giggled between licks.

He shook his head clear. "Right, sorry." He positioned himself between her legs and pulled them around his waist. Her pussy was dripping and swollen, ready for his cock, which was crying precum itself. He slowly pushed into Alia's warm, tight pussy. Her cock swelled at the force, and she moaned as she sucked one of her sister's pussy lips. Mara cooed and rubbed her own dripping cock faster. Kent shuddered and pushed deeper into Alia.

"You two...Ungh." Kent forced himself not to close his eyes. He needed to see Alia eating Mara out, Mara going to town on her own girl cock. Alia's cock was creating a small pool of precum in her belly button. Kent took it in his hand and grunted as he felt his hand on his cock inside of Alia. As he started to rub her cock, he started to thrust into her to meet it.

Alia's tongue rolled around Mara's folds, and Mara rolled her hips to meet Alia's tongue, her breasts heaving as she fucked her hand. She swirled her precum around her dickhead and moaned. Kent swirled Alia's precum around her head as well. Alia groaned and bucked her hips. Her cervix hit Kent's head, and as he was feeling his own hand on his head, he groaned, too.

"Fuck, this is great," he breathed, thrusting faster into his mate. He tried to keep a steady pace on her dick. He didn't want to cum too fast. 

Mara suddenly turned around knelt over Alia's head again, plunging her dick into Alia's mouth. Alia smacked Mara's ass and swallowed her dick. Kent stabbed at Alia's cervix again at the sight. Alia moaned long and hard around her sister's cock, and her body tensed around Kent's throbbing cock. Then, she screamed and bucked as her walls crashed down on him. Her cock sprayed girl cum up her breasts, along Mara's legs. Kent thrust harder and faster in her, enjoying the waves on his cock until he erupted inside of her, his dickhead kissing her cervix and spraying his cum all over her insides. Mara dipped her hips down faster, fucking Alia's throat with quiet whimpers. Kent reached forward and sunk his fingers into her dripping hole. Mara cried out then, plunging down into Alia as Kent finger fucked her hard. She came all at once, her pussy cum pouring out as her girl cum flowed down Alia's throat. Her walls swallowed Kent's fingers, and he got hard again at the feel. He started pumping into Alia again, not letting up on Mara's pulsing vagina.

"Kent, fuuuuuck," Alia said around Mara's cock. She used her own hand to rub her cock hard and fast until she was coming again from both places.

Mara screamed as she was sent into another orgasm by Alia's throat and Kent's relentless fingers. Her pussy drenched Alia's chest as it shook and trembled. Alia's cock wouldn't stop spraying its shimmery cum everywhere, and tears rolled down her cheeks. Her pussy had a vice grip on Kent's cock, and he pressed hard into her hips as he came, overflowing her pussy with his cum.

Mara fell forward on the couch arm and slowed her hips. Kent massaged her pussy in slower and slower strokes. Alia's hand on her cock stroked his as well as her pussy calmed down, leaking a mixture of their cum. The three panted and moaned in exhaustion and ecstasy.

"So blue moons," Kent panted. Mara and Alia laughed, and he smiled. "This is going to be a long week."