 Alyssa's cerulean eyes seemed to drink in every detail of John's shocked expression as she waited for his reaction. 

"What did you do?!" he finally whispered, staring unblinking at the elongated tips of her ears. 

She hesitated, unsure of herself. "I wanted to do it for you... It felt like it was time."

Closing the distance between them, John gathered her in his arms and pulled her in for a smouldering kiss. Alyssa's doubts fell away as she responded to him, moaning into his mouth, the tips of their tongues finding each other as their kiss deepened. They fell back on the bed, literally tearing clothes from each other in their haste to be united, only reluctantly breaking apart from their kisses to toss aside the shredded scraps. 

"I want you," he growled, pinning her to the bed. 

She nodded, a feverish gleam in her cerulean eyes. "And I need you..."

Alyssa was more than ready for him and she cried out in ecstasy as John pushed his painfully hard cock into her glistening pussy. He groaned as they were joined together, hyper-aware of every inch of her gloriously sexy body as she embraced him. Her touch was electrifying, making goosebumps break out all over his skin as she writhed sensually underneath him. 

"Is Athena with you?" he asked, gazing into those bright blue eyes, wondering if Alyssa's Astral passenger was along for the ride.

"No, just me," Alyssa murmured, brushing his flanks with her thighs as she wrapped herself around him. 

John caressed her cheek, enjoying the tingling thrill of touching her soft skin... until he noticed a spark of light from his fingertips. Blinking in surprise, he quickly pulled his hand away and stared at his hand in confusion.

"Don't stop, that felt wonderful," Alyssa purred, her hips rocking gently underneath him.

He brushed her cheek again and the blonde let out a breathy moan, closing her eyes in rapture as he made contact with her. Once again light flared around his fingertips, this time leaving swirling patterns behind in their wake. 

"Something's happening!" John exclaimed, raising himself up on his elbows. 

Alyssa heard his startled thoughts and her eyes flickered open, focusing on John as he stared at his hand in alarm. She reached for him with her slender fingers and they both gasped when beams of light arced between them. There was no pain from that radiance, only a glorious feeling of warmth and love that seemed to spread out and envelop them both.

"What is that light?" Calara asked with concern. "Are you both okay?"

Neither Alyssa or John answered, oblivious to everyone and everything else in the room as they gazed lovingly into each other's eyes. They interlaced their fingers and the glow intensified, matching expressions of wonder appearing on their faces. John lowered himself on Alyssa, pressing her back against the mattress and reaching for her other hand. The moment their second set of fingers touched, the radiance flared even brighter, a glowing aura bathing the room in light.

Jade was watching them both in fascination. "They can't hear us... they're lost in each other..."

The lovers moved in perfect harmony, muscles rippling as they thrust together in that sensual dance. John was immersed in the joy of being with Alyssa, enraptured by the sight of her exquisite features consumed with ecstasy. Her pupils flared as she returned his intense gaze, Alyssa's succulent red lips parting as she responded to him with lusty cries. 

The girls were captivated by the passionate coupling, darting bemused glances at one another, before returning their focus to John and Alyssa. Much to the audience's astonishment, a stream of glowing runes suddenly burst into existence, the undulating runic script flowing through the air as it orbited their entwined bodies. 

"Oh, wow..." Dana murmured, staring at the ancient glyphs in awe.

"What do they mean?" Rachel asked, entranced by the sight.

The redhead was silent for a long moment, her eyes welling up as she read the runic symbols. 

The brunette put an arm around her girlfriend, shocked to see Dana react this way. "What's the matter?"

"It's so beautiful..." Dana finally whispered, her eyes welling up. "John's telling Alyssa that he's pledged his heart to her for all eternity... that their souls are finally united as one. There's loads more but I don't know all of those runes..." 

"Progenitor wedding vows?" Calara asked in a hushed voice, unable to take her eyes off her lovers.

Dana hesitated, unsure how to answer. "I don't know... but there's something about the phrasing that feels different. I love John to bits, but I can't believe he came up with all that stuff, it just doesn't sound like him."

As the couple built their way to a climax, the floating runes extended their orbit outwards, encompassing the rest of the girls on the bed. There were startled gasps all round as the procession of runes brushed over their nubile figures, leaving a tingling warmth in their wake. Everyone noticed that the script had changed, the Progenitor glyphs appearing more elaborate, with intricate flourishes on each symbol. They all looked expectantly at the redhead, waiting for her to translate.

A tear rolled down Dana's cheek as she said in a choked voice, "They're saying how much they love all of us, how we make their life complete..."

The girls watched in stunned silence as John rode Alyssa to a joint climax, both of them finding their release at the same moment. Her belly bulged out, the curves getting dramatically large as he pumped her womb full of cum. It was an amazingly powerful shared orgasm that left the couple panting for breath, both dazed by the intensity of their climax. John eased out of Alyssa and lay beside her, the two of them with matching awed expressions as they turned to face each other.

Calara was the first to react, spooning up with her girlfriend and hugging the blonde close. "Alyssa, what just happened?!"

Alyssa seemed to shake off her trance, blinking a couple of times before giving John an adoring smile. "We've been so close to that for so long..."

John reached for her hand again, and swirling arcs of light curved around their fingers as they touched. "Our souls were united..."

Dana hugged him from behind, resting her chin on his shoulder. "I want you to rune fuck me next! Can you give me pointy ears too?" 

He turned and reached for her, bringing Dana down for a kiss. "That was Alyssa's handiwork, nothing to do with me."

Rachel leaned over to gently brush Alyssa's golden hair away from her ear. "I thought you were just making a cosmetic change to your ears?" 

The blonde nodded, smiling at John as she kissed his glowing fingertips. "You made me into a Progenitor and I wanted to look the part."

Rachel glanced at John, her curiosity piqued. "The twins both have the same shaped ears, but you've slept with them dozens of times and nothing like this has ever happened before."

Tashana knelt down beside them and flicked her snowy-white hair over one shoulder, revealing a blue pointed-tipped ear. "If I knew they were going to have this effect on you, I'd have worn my hair up more often."

Irillith nodded, giving John a flirtatious smile. "I really want to see you reciting Progenitor love poems for me... we'll have to up our game."

He sat up and beckoned the twins over, filling his arms with the azure-skinned beauties. "There'll be twice the chance of something happening if I'm bedding both of you..."

They laughed and pushed him over onto his back, taking it in turns to kiss him. Dana pouted playfully as she moved aside to make room for them, but her expression lifted into a huge grin when Alyssa crooked a finger at her. 

"Time for a nightcap, Sparks," the blonde purred, spreading her thighs in invitation.

Dana had just started lapping away greedily when she pulled back to gasp, "Oh my God! That tastes so fucking good..."

"You're glowing!" Rachel exclaimed, pointing at the light shining underneath the redhead.

Rolling over onto her back, Dana stared in shock at the ethereal runes floating above her stomach. She looked at the unfamiliar runes in confusion, then giggled when their meaning suddenly clicked in her mind.

"What do they say?" the tawny-haired doctor asked, staring at them in fascination.

"Property of John Blake," the redhead translated, giving him a starry-eyed look.

Rachel glanced questioningly at Alyssa, who just gave her a crooked smile and beckoned her over. The brunette moaned in bliss as she took her turn filling her stomach with cum, immediately tasting the difference. She made way for Sakura and looked down in wonder at her own stomach as runic script appeared.

Dana frowned as she read the runes. "It says: 'Catherine's legacy'... What does that mean?" 

The brunette's eyes softened as she glanced at John, a gentle smile on her face as she recalled the conversation about her intelligence and how her work was a tribute to her mother. "Thank you," she murmured, touched that he'd remembered.

When Sakura sat up, she took one look at the glowing runes over her navel, then her almond eyes flicked to Dana expectantly. 

The redhead smiled as she read out: "You made room in your heart for us."

Sakura welled up when she heard those words. It was almost as if she could hear her parents saying they were proud of her for leaving her hate behind and embracing the love of her new family. She rushed over to John, throwing herself into his arms as she thanked him. There was a special message for each of the girls, who had to explain it to everyone once they'd showered John in hugs and kisses.

The Nymphs were last, each looking to Dana to explain the runic messages as glowing lights pulsed over their verdant skin. They were overjoyed by John's simple messages of affection, all four of them fawning over him and rubbing their bodies against his. He smiled at them fondly, stroking each in turn, when he happened to glance over at Faye. She was watching with a wistful smile on her face, obviously happy for all her friends, but there was no mistaking the look of longing in her luminous eyes.

"Come here a moment, honey," he said to the purple sprite, beckoning her over to him.

Faye responded immediately, springing from her seat to cross the bedroom so that she was standing next to the bed. "What's up, John?" she asked, her tone helpful rather than expectant.

As the Nymphs let go of him, he shifted on the bed to sit in front of the petite girl. "Filling you up with cum wouldn't work, so I'll have to do this another way." 

He reached up and carefully eased the straps of her dress off her slender shoulders, so that it slid down her body and pooled at her feet. Faye's breath caught as she stood naked before him and he gave her a reassuring smile as he placed his hand on her trim stomach. 

"That tingles!" she gasped as his fingers started to glow.

John inscribed a set of runes across her belly, which pulsated with a warm light. "There you go..."

"Could you translate them for me please?" Faye asked, her wide eyes darting to Dana.

The redhead crawled over to see, wrapping her arms around John from behind and looking at the script over his shoulder. "It says: 'The sweetest girl I know'."

Faye glanced down at the runes on her stomach in wonder, a smile spreading across her elfin face. She leaned down to give John a tender kiss, her cupid bow lips pursing to brush lightly against his. "That was lovely, thank you."

He embraced her and pulled her onto the bed, the purple girl squealing with surprise then bursting into giggles. They all slept close that night, the girls all feeling enveloped in the love that John and Alyssa had shared with them. The one exception was Faye who couldn't be a part of that psychic harmony, but wrapped up in John's and Dana's loving arms, she kept her nightly vigil with a beaming smile on her face.

***

Charles groaned as Lynette pressed those impossibly pert breasts into his chest. She'd stripped down to her underwear and he could feel her erect nipples brushing against him through his shirt. Letting his hands roam down from her trim waist, he filled his palms with the perfect roundness of her bottom, not finding a hint of sag in those gloriously firm cheeks. When he squeezed them, Lynette let out a lusty moan and ground her panty-clad pussy against the erection tenting his trousers. 

The brunette pulled back to gaze at him, her hazel eyes hooded with lust. "Take me to bed..." she purred, with a wanton sexuality that made his heart hammer in his chest. Arching an eyebrow, she added with a teasing smile, "Unless you think I should make you wait until the third date?"

He grinned at her and shook his head. "This is our third date... the Mexican restaurant, lunch here, and now this evening makes three."

Lynette laughed, a lovely throaty sound that made his cock twitch. "Alright, sounds good to me." She climbed off the sofa and offered him a hand, a flirtatious twinkle in her eyes. 

Charles followed eagerly, unable to stop staring at the stunning woman leading him to her bedroom with a seductive sway of her hips. He freely admitted to himself that he was utterly enthralled by Lynette and had never wanted anyone more in his entire life. 

She paused at the bedside and turned to face him with a shy smile. "You have some catching up to do..." she said, her hands reaching for his shirt buttons. 

He suddenly felt self-conscious in the presence of such incredible beauty. How could he possibly be worthy of this bewitching goddess flush in the bloom of her youth. 

Lynette saw the flicker of embarrassment in his expression and paused, her hands stroking his chest. "You look anxious, Charles. What's the matter?"

He caught her hands in his and stopped her from exploring further. "I don't want to disappoint you. I haven't got the body of a twenty-year-old."

"You feel pretty damn good to me..." She gave him a tender kiss and looked up into his eyes. "I think we need to break the ice a little to make you feel more comfortable."

"What've you got in mind?" he asked, letting her guide him over to sit on the bed.

Taking his hand in hers, she guided it to her well-defined stomach. "I think you'd feel much more relaxed if I had a tummy full of your cum... it'd be like... marking your territory."

Charles gaped in disbelief as she sank to her knees, his eyes widening as she licked her pouty kissable lips in anticipation. He was all too eager to assist as she tugged off the rest of his clothes and when Lynette finally got a look at his cock, he was awed by the hungry gleam in her eyes. It was like being in the most intense erotic dream of his life as she proceeded to give him the most incredible blowjob he could imagine. She was able to deep-throat him effortlessly, sucking and worshipping his shaft as though it was the most wonderful thing in the galaxy. There was no way he could last with such a gorgeous woman blowing him that enthusiastically and Lynette moaned with delight as he began pumping his cum straight down her clutching throat directly into her stomach.

"Holy hell!" Charles shouted as he came, mixing up his expressions in his euphoria. He collapsed backwards on the bed, panting for breath, his balls feeling like they'd been sucked inside out.

"God, I needed that... you have no idea..." Lynette said with a blissful sigh as she stroked her belly. She stripped off the last of her clothes and climbed onto the bed beside him. "Thank you."

He managed to chuckle between deep breaths, shaking his head in disbelief. "You just gave me the most mind-blowing orgasm I've ever had and you're thanking me..."

She traced a finger over his chest and gave him a coy smile. "If you really liked it, maybe we could do that every morning? I'd love to start my day with you giving me breakfast..."

Charles looked at her incredulously, then grinned, propping himself up one elbow. "I really must be dreaming."

Lynette made eye-contact with him and said in a hushed voice, "I'm real and I'm all yours... if you want me?"

He paused and gently caressed her cheek. "You don't just mean tonight, do you?"

She bit her lip and shook her head. "For decades I made so many sacrifices for my career. Friends, family, a husband, children... I thought they were small things to give up, but now I realise I gave up my whole life. I've been given a fresh start and I plan to do things very differently this time... I want all those things I foolishly sacrificed to become Fleet Admiral." Lynette looked worried as she continued, "I know it's crazy saying all that so early on in our relationship, I don't want you to feel pressured, but I meant it when I told you I would be truthful with you." 

Charles was quiet for a long moment. "Don't worry, I know exactly what you mean. My biggest regret is not finding someone to share my life with and for years I thought I'd left it too late." 

"That's what I want, Charles... someone to share my life with," Lynette said earnestly.

"Kindred spirits," he said with a smile, remembering the phrase she used earlier. 

She beamed at him and nodded, relaxing as she saw that he hadn't been scared off.

Charles continued to caress her, relishing the softness of her skin. "I always thought the idea of love at first sight was nonsense, but then I saw you in the gym and became a true believer..." His moustache twitched into a wry smile as he continued, "Which is why I'm actually glad that you kept up your Marie/Lynette charade..."

"You are?" she asked, looking confused.

He nodded. "You are, without a doubt, the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. But by spending time with you in your disguise, I also got to appreciate your intelligence and your lovely personality without drooling over you like a lovestruck teenager. I really respect and admire you, Lynette, and it's important to know the way I feel about you now is not just because you're gorgeous."

She smiled at him affectionately. "That's very sweet, Charles. But why is it important?"

"Because I know unequivocally that you're the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with." Clearing his throat, he gazed into her eyes. "Lynette Marie Devereux, will you marry me?"

Lynette stared at him in shock, too numb to respond. 

Starting to get nervous, Charles looked at her with concern. "I know it sounds crazy, but I honestly-"

"Yes! I accept!" she suddenly cried out, wrapping her arms tightly around him. "Oh, Charles... I'm going to be the best wife in the galaxy, I promise!"

He laughed, hugging her back just as hard, overjoyed that she'd accepted. "And I promise I'll be the best husband."

Lynette showered him in kisses which he enthusiastically returned. When they paused for breath, she gently pushed him so that he lay back on the bed and gave him a coy smile. "Why don't I show you just what you'll be getting for the rest of your life?"

Charles' answering grin turned into a open-mouthed look of awe as his captivating fiancée gracefully straddled him, giving him a spectacular view of her nubile figure. He was hard as a rock and more than ready as she eased down his shaft, an adorable look of concentration on her beautiful face. Lynette groaned as he was hilted inside her, then lay down atop him, her full breasts soft and warm against his chest. 

Her face was only inches from his as she began to move, her hazel eyes focused with laser-like intensity on memorising his every feature. Charles could only gaze back at her in wonder, knowing that he'd never be the same again. Making love with this exquisite woman was, without exception, the highlight of his entire life. What made it truly remarkable, was that he knew that Lynette felt the same way, he could see it in those incredible hazel eyes...

***

Tony felt the smothering blanket of oblivion recede, bringing him back to reality... heralded by an ugly wave of pain. His legs and arms throbbed with a dull ache, but it was like feeling it through a tunnel, his senses oddly disconnected. He started becoming aware of his surroundings, a series of uncomfortable experiences making his return to consciousness a deeply unpleasant one. The air was thick with dust, making him feel like he was choking on it, and he longed for some water to wash it away. Something was digging into the small of his back, sending sharp pains through him as he lay there awkwardly on the ground. Finally, there was some kind of weight over his body, but he couldn't see what was trapping him as it was pitch black in the tunnel. 
