 Fleet Admiral Lynette Devereux walked along the bustling corridor, her security detachment clearing a path so that she could proceed uninterrupted. Despite the early hour, this area of Olympus shipyard was teeming with personnel, with many thousands of navy crewmen recalled from leave and ready to muster out to their ships. The officers amongst the men and women waiting in lines saluted respectfully, but Lynette walked by without acknowledging them. She didn't intend it to be a slight, although protocol would never expect her to return hundreds of salutes, but the highest ranked officer in the Terran Federation was lost in thought. 

"Shuttle Bay 37, ma'am," a stern female security officer said politely, rousing the Fleet Admiral from her distracted state.

"Thank you, Commander Nystrom," Lynette said with a grateful smile, following the lead members of her security team through the huge doorway.

Scores of shuttles were parked within the bay, each one loading personnel for the short in-system flight to the departing fleet. 

Nystrom pointed across the packed hangar to one of the shuttles on the right. "I see it, ma'am. Over there, shuttle ORS-45970."

Lynette acknowledged her with a nod, but she'd already spotted the senior officers in their dress uniforms. The formal grey jackets and peaked hats embossed in gold made them stand out amongst the thousands of navy personnel wearing service uniforms. Her detachment strode straight towards her destination, the lines of waiting crew hurrying aside to let the elite security detail pass. As she neared, the cluster of high-ranking officers noticed her approach and turned to face her, saluting respectfully. 

She returned their salute. "At ease, gentlemen." 

"This is a pleasant surprise, Fleet Admiral," Charles said, greeting her with a smile, but raising an eyebrow. 

Lynette smiled at her fiancé. "As I seem to recall, being surprised by a Fleet Admiral was rarely a pleasant experience. Don't worry, Admiral Harris, I'm not here to cause trouble."

The other officers laughed at her joke, put at ease by her self-effacing humour. Charles' moustache twitched with amusement, but he continued to study her curiously.

Turning to face the men with him, Lynette said, "Vice Admiral Dacres, I wanted to wish you and your command staff good speed and a safe journey to the Brimorian border."

Richard Dacres inclined his head politely. "Thank you, Fleet Admiral. I'm honoured that you'd be here for our departure. I'll see that the Vengeance of Hera is safely delivered to Admiral Morgan."

"I have every confidence that you will," she said with a pleasant smile. Lynette paused for a second, her smile fading as she continued quietly, "Please proceed with caution, gentlemen. The situation on the Brimorian border is in flux, but we haven't yet been able to determine the Enclave's intentions. Until the fleet-wide refit at Olympus is complete, our primary objective is to safely reinforce and maintain the integrity of Federation borders. You're flying the most advanced ships in the Terran navy, but don't take any undue risks; we cannot afford to lose fleet assets at this time." 

The senior officers had listened to her every word with mounting tension and their expressions were sombre when she finished speaking.

"Orders understood, Fleet Admiral," Dacres replied, making eye contact with her and nodding.

Lynette felt a measure of relief that a reliable officer was in command of her advanced fleet and saluted the group as they turned to leave. She stood beside Charles as they watched the command staff board the shuttle, then the grey-hulled craft slowly lifted into the air, carried aloft by the roar of flaring retro-thrusters. Turning away, they left the shuttle bay with Charles walking at her side, the crowds parting for the security team as before.

Charles darted the occasional glance at her as they walked through the shipyard, but made no attempt at conversation. For her part, Lynette was content to walk in silence, lost in her thoughts until they arrived at her office. The security detail waited outside, but Charles accompanied her into the reception area.

"No interruptions for any reason, Jared," Lynette said to her assistant as she walked through to her office. 

"Yes, ma'am," Lieutenant Wilson replied, saluting the Fleet Admiral and her fiancé. "Admiral Harris."

Charles acknowledged him with a nod, then followed her through the door, closing it behind him. "Alright, what was that all about, Lynette?" he asked as soon as they were alone. 

She turned to look at him and nibbled anxiously at her lip. Her eyes flicked to the long windows flanking her office where she had a spectacular view of a green-hulled dreadnought, its iridescent armour plating shimmering in the light. Accompanying the Vengeance of Hera were ten battleships and twenty cruisers, the fleet undergoing the last stages of preparation before shipping out. 

"I'm not sure," she murmured, gazing pensively at the advanced fleet. "But I've just got this terrible sense of foreboding..."

***

John heard soft singing and smiled as he awoke, Faye's angelic voice echoing around the bedroom. The verses were in ancient Maliri again and as he listened, he wondered if this was another ballad that she'd written personally. She sang about two courting lovers and their hopes and dreams for the future, a future they were writing with every romantic rendezvous. As the song came to its conclusion, Alyssa began to stir in her sleep, her hearing sharp enough to pick up Faye's softly whispered words.

*Get some more rest, beautiful,* he murmured to his blonde matriarch, stroking her back. *You deserve a lie-in this morning.*

Alyssa mumbled incoherently, but there was a lovely smile on her face as she snuggled into him. John watched her drift off again and smiled at how peaceful she looked in her sleep, however he was now left in a predicament. During the night, Dana had wrapped her arms around his chest as though determined to never let her special day end, which meant he was now trapped between the nubile blonde and redhead.

He gently peeled away Dana's vice-like grip, pausing several times when her brow furrowed and she mumbled a sleepy protest. He imagined a figure-hugging telekinetic cradle under Alyssa, then raised his right hand, gently lifting her a few feet into the air. Sliding into the spot she'd just vacated, he lowered the blonde into his place, then smiled as the Karron girls embraced in their sleep. Just as he was patting himself on the back for successfully executing the most intricate form of telekinesis he'd attempted so far, Jade rolled over, draping her luscious figure over him. 

Faye giggled in the muted light. "Only four more girls to go on that side, John," she whispered in encouragement.

He managed not to laugh, then decided to try a different approach with the Nymph, hugging her closer. *Jade? Sorry to wake you up, but I wanted to speak with you...*

Her emerald eyes snapped open, then they lit up with delight when Jade realised she was in his arms. *Good morning, Master!*

*Good morning, honey* he replied, rubbing her back. *You sound happy.*

*Of course! Today's the day you're devoting to my sisters,* she gushed, giving him a loving squeeze. *I recommend starting with Neysa. You should find her... intriguing.*

He smiled gratefully. *I was just going to ask exactly that.* 

The Nymph studied him for a second. *When you've finished speaking to Faye, I'll send Neysa to meet you in my room.*

*You must be a mind reader,* he remarked in surprise, then blushed when she smiled at him indulgently. *Okay, in my defence, Alyssa normally tries to let our conversations play out naturally.*

*I can do that if you prefer?* Jade suggested, her sharp feline eyes studying his face. *I just thought you might appreciate a more direct approach for a change.*

He kissed the tip of her delicate nose. *You just caught me by surprise. A change was refreshing.*

Her eyes twinkled with amusement. *It certainly can be, Master. I hope you have a wonderful day!*

Jade released him and he gave her one last parting kiss before sliding down the bed, managing to avoid the entangling grasp of any more loving girls. 

"Fancy joining me for a shower?" he asked the purple sprite in a conspiratorial whisper.

She nodded eagerly, slipping off her dress and following him into the bathroom. John closed the door behind her, then wrapped her up in a big hug. 

"What was that for?" she asked in surprise, grinning as she hugged him back.

"Your singing was beautiful this morning," he replied, a broad smile on his face. "Did you write the lyrics to that one too?"

She nodded shyly. "I'm so glad you liked it."

He took her hand and led her into the shower. "Were we the courting lovers?"

Faye blushed, her cheeks turning a dark purple as she nodded. "You probably think I'm being silly..."

"No, never," he said earnestly. "You've got a real gift, honey. I'm amazed at your creativity."

"Thank you!" she breathed, her lovely elfin face lighting up with joy.

John got some soap and started gently lathering her soft purple skin. "My only worry is that you're going to expect something like that from me. I've always been terrible at any form of creative writing and my singing voice..." He shuddered. "Let's just say that's not my forte."

Faye giggled and shook her head. "I'm not expecting anything, I promise!" She looked up at him with her big luminous eyes. "But thank you for being so kind. I felt a real urge to... create... and this was an outlet for that."

"Feel free to indulge that urge to your heart's desire," he said with an encouraging smile. "From what I've seen so far, I can expect some amazing things..."

"Do you really mean that?" she whispered, her eyes going wider. "I can create anything?"

"Of course," he agreed, soaping up her pert curves. "As probably the least creative person I know, I'm always fascinated by people with that kind of talent. The sky's the limit."

Faye looked overjoyed and squeezed him tight. "Thank you so much! I was worried you wouldn't approve!"

John frowned in confusion. "I've always tried to be supportive. Sorry if I ever gave you the impression otherwise."

"Just me being silly," Faye replied with a jubilant grin. She studied him for a moment, then continued, "By the way, I think you're wrong about your lack of creative talent."

He chuckled and looked at her with amusement. "I'm fairly sure I haven't written any sonnets recently."

She slowly shook her head. "I've seen your work... and it's breathtakingly beautiful."

John realised what she meant and he looked at her in surprise. "That's not... it isn't the same thing," he protested. "The girls aren't living sculptures!"

"I wasn't talking about their physical appearance," Faye said gently. "You're able to take damaged, broken souls and help turn them into something quite wonderful."

He gaped at her, astonished by her words. Faye made no further comment and proceeded to wash him, her small slender hands gliding over his body as he stood there in quiet introspection. 

"There, all clean," she murmured, before standing on tiptoe to give him a quick kiss.

Shaken out of his daze, he smiled gratefully. "Thanks, Faye..."

She knew he wasn't talking about the shower. "You're welcome."

After drying off, he padded out into the bedroom to fetch some clothes from the walk-in-wardrobe. Not wanting to disturb the girls, he dressed in silence, pulling on a casual outfit. As he walked out, he stopped in the doorway to look over at the bed. The inhabitants were all fast asleep, looking serene and content as they lay in each other's arms. Rachel's presentation flashed through his mind and he smiled as he watched the sleeping women, feeling blessed that he'd stumbled into their lives in time to rescue them from a myriad of horrible fates. 

Where he'd once felt remorse at interfering in their lives, he now saw his intervention as an absolute necessity; the thought of losing them too horrible to contemplate. No longer being burdened by guilt was quite the liberating sensation and he smiled as he left the bedroom. One of the Nymphs had been conspicuously absent from the bed, so John had a sneaking suspicion that Neysa would be waiting for him in Jade's room. 

He approached the door and could have just opened it and strode inside, but he paused and knocked instead. Neysa would undoubtedly have welcomed him with open arms regardless, but he was trying to encourage her to think of herself as a person, which meant that treating her with courtesy and respect were doubly as important.

A few seconds later, the door opened, revealing the missing Nymph. Neysa was wearing a long dress and looked elegant and composed as she greeted him with a demure smile. "This one has been expecting you, Master."

"Hello, Neysa," John said, returning her smile as he walked inside. "You look lovely." 

"That's very kind of you to say, Master," she replied, shutting the door behind him. 

John walked into the bedroom and hesitated as he stood by the bed. Sitting on the covers seemed presumptuous, so he turned and took a seat in one of the armchairs opposite. 

The Nymph glided over to the chair beside him, then sat gracefully, watching him with concern. "You seem... uncomfortable... Master," she noted, reaching across to place her hand on his. "Did this one do something to make you feel ill at ease?"

Her touch was cool and soothing as she caressed him, her slender green fingers stroking the back of his hand. 

"No, it's nothing you've done, I promise," John replied, meeting her curious gaze with a reassuring smile. He studied her for a moment, trying to find the right words. "I'd like to be honest with you though, Neysa. Jade suggested that I should spend some time alone with you, so that I can help you develop your personality; that you're looking to me for guidance."

"That's certainly true, Master," she agreed, nodding and giving him an encouraging smile. "This one has been very much looking forward to it."

John stroked her thumb with his and admitted, "The idea of permanently shaping who you are... it's a huge responsibility." He looked into her eyes and continued, "I want to help you achieve the same kind of self-awareness as Jade, which means the woman you'll become for me will be the person you are for the rest of your life."

Neysa nodded her understanding. "And you're worried that you might make a horrible mistake... that you might accidentally turn me into a bad person?"

"That's basically it, yes," he replied, relieved that she understood his concerns.

"May this one make an observation, Master?" she requested politely. 

He nodded, fascinated by the dignified young woman sitting beside him. Neysa was far more reserved than Jade or the rest of her sisters had ever been, and there was an intriguing glint of intelligence in those cat-like eyes.

She rose from her chair and stepped over to stand before him. Gently running her fingers through his hair, she whispered, "This one sensed your hesitation from the start. When you agreed to become my master, it was not done because of lust... you were seeking to protect me from enslavement by another cruel and sadistic owner."

He nodded, looking up at her. "I love Jade and you're her sister; I never want to see you or the other Nymphs harmed again."

Neysa leaned down to give him a tender kiss. "Thank you." Looking into his eyes, she added softly, 

"When you claimed me, you chose this shape that I wear... but you were guarding your true desires."

John gave her a self-conscious smile. "When I first met Jade, she read my mind to find my idea of a perfect woman, then became a copy of Alyssa. I'm sure you and your sisters would have done the same... and five identical versions of Alyssa running around would have got very confusing."

She kissed him again and murmured, "Do you trust this one, Master?"

"I do," he replied, entranced by her emerald gaze. "Why do you ask?"

Neysa caressed his temple, her fingers cool and soft against his skin. "Will you let me inside your mind? But fully this time, so that I can discover your needs and desires... and find out how best to serve them." Her full lips lifted into a warm smile. "I promise that I won't turn into another copy of Alyssa... even if she is quite beautiful."

John paused and reached for her hand. "Neysa, there's a darkness inside of me. I'm not sure that's wise..."

She looked at him with sympathy. "This one sensed it, Master. You are... fragmented... but rest assured, I will not go near the darkness." Neysa traced her finger along his jawline and asked quietly, "Will you allow it?"

*Jade?* John asked, looking for guidance.

*She'll be quite safe. Neysa has a fair bit of experience with telepathy,* his Nymph matriarch assured him with a wry smile. *Besides, you let me roam around your mind at will and I've remained unscathed.*

Neysa waited patiently for his answer, her emerald gaze searching his face for a sign that he'd made a decision.

John took a deep breath. "I'll allow it... but I want you to promise me you'll be careful."

She looked at him solemnly. "This one swears it on her devotion to her Master."

When he nodded, Neysa smiled and slipped the dress off her shoulders, letting it slide down her statuesque figure. She stood before him in all her verdant glory, letting him see the pattern of dark-green markings that swept up her flanks. The Nymph stepped out of her shoes, then pushed her clothing aside and sank to her knees, folding her hands together in her lap. They made eye contact one last time, then those emerald orbs were hidden behind long lashes as she slowly closed them.

John felt the tentative mental contact a moment later. Neysa was cautious and respectful, making the lightest of fluttering touches against his mind. Despite that hesitant caress, he could sense her desperate urge to please him and John realised she was trying to suppress her natural instinct to rush headlong into his subconscious. He opened a gate in his mental fortress and the Nymph slipped inside, her sense of awe a palpable thing. 

He tried to relax, realising that this was something that Neysa needed if she was ever going to fully develop along the same path as Jade. By holding the Nymphs at arm's length, he was denying their instinct to get close to him and he suspected it would be far easier to embrace their nature than fight against it. Once their basic needs had been met and they were happy and content, he could then encourage their personal growth. 

Absorbed in his thoughts, Neysa's breathy sigh of relief came as a surprise to John. Focusing on her again, he saw that she was shimmering in a greenish-brown aura, her body obscured from sight as she shifted shape. The haze faded away, revealing her figure, sharp and distinct before him.

"Oh, wow..." John murmured, staring at her in fascination.

Neysa's body still retained its striking proportions, matching those of Jade and the rest of the changed girls, but the shades of green were gone. Almost as if her body was a canvas, she had been repainted in an alluring mix of different hues. Her skin was a tawny caramel, with a tribal like patterning of spots covering her flanks. The oval of her stomach was now a lighter shade, drawing his attention to her toned abdominal muscles. As his gaze swept up her body, her ears twitched and drew his attention. He looked up and was surprised to see a pair of pointed feline ears amongst her mane of light-brown hair, the size and shape reminiscent of her original Lenarran form. 

John realised a set of bewitching hazel eyes were watching him and Neysa's sensual mouth lifted into a glorious smile when she saw his obvious appreciation of her new body. She rose from the floor with feline grace, and more movement caught his eye as a newly grown tail flicked from side to side. After letting his eyes roam over her body again, he reached out to brush the backs of his fingers across her stomach, feeling the smooth softness of her skin. 
