 As the strange black-skinned alien kissed me, her hand slid under the bedclothes and wrapped itself around my rapidly-stiffening cock. The pleasure from her kisses was already intense but as soon as I felt her hand down there everything ramped up several notches. There's no such thing as a lousy orgasm (well, ok, maybe once in a while when you're really drunk) but some are better than others, and there's always that one that stands out...longer, more intense, whatever the reasons, you carry it around in your memory as the orgasm by which all others are measured. Well, her hand on my cock felt like that. I could hardly think straight as she jerked her hand up and down over my erection.

I began to caress her breasts; it didn't seem like she had any nipples at all until I'd been touching her for a few seconds, and then they began to grow out from her skin. She stopped kissing me and with her other hand she grabbed one of my hands and squeezed it hard over her breast. Without any areolas her nipples looked odd but were otherwise the same size and shape as I was used to, although they were the same shiny black color as her skin. Her skin itself felt very different from human skin. It felt cool to the touch, but somehow also warmed me up, and it was perfectly smooth—no hair, no bumps, nothing. She was moaning loudly now, stroking my cock harder and rolling her head back as I grabbed roughly at her tits. 

Based on what she had told me, and what I had felt so far, I was almost scared by what her pussy was going to do to me. Actually, when I thought about it, I didn't know that she had a pussy yet. In any case, I wanted to have a chance to build up to whatever sensations that penetrating her would bring.

Suddenly feeling bold, I said, "How about a blowjob?"

"A blowjob?" she said, puzzled.

"Yeah, you know...use your mouth."

"On what?"

"On my cock."

"What?" She seemed equally confused and disgusted.

"Yeah...you know, oral sex?"

"It is strictly forbidden to use our mouths that way," she said.

"Yeah, well, you're not at home anymore...trust me, it's amazing."

"I don't..." She hesitated.

Undeterred and now wanting it more than ever, I swung my legs to the floor and stood up. "Sit on the edge of the bed," I told her. When she did I positioned myself in front of her, my cock standing at attention just in front of her face. I grabbed the base of my shaft and gently brushed the head of my cock across her lips, their electric blue color the only thing on her body that wasn't black except for her pink eyes and the long, thin ponytail of blue hair that grew out of the top of her head, about two inches across at its base where it disappeared into her skull. 

As my cock touched her lips she shuddered and let out a low moan. I brushed back across them and then began to push forward very slightly. She parted her lips and hesitantly licked at my hole. Her tongue was the same blue color as her lips. It was pretty clear she felt the same sort of jolt of pleasure that I did from that, and suddenly she was devouring the full length of my shaft. Devouring was in fact a little too accurate of a term.

"Teeth!" I said, suddenly reminded that hers were much pointier than normal.

She let my cock drop from her mouth and said, "Sorry," giggling, and then went right back to it. She pressed me as deep into her throat as I would go without the slightest hesitation, and held me there as she bobbed forward, pushing the head of my cock repeatedly into the back of throat. Later, I found out Berniyoeans have no gag reflex. At the time, I didn't really care why she was so good at it. I didn't really care about anything. My brain was being overloaded with pleasure signals. I knew I wasn't coming yet but it felt like I was and then some. There's not any real way to describe the level of pleasure from her sucking me, or later from her fucking me, or finally from when I actually came, except by making an awkward comparison. If regular sex was like standing in a rainstorm, and a regular orgasm was like having a big bucket of water poured on your head, sex with Aliandra was like being buffeted by huge ocean waves, and an orgasm with her was like the biggest wave you've ever seen, the ones those crazy surfers ride after being towed in with jet-skis, breaking over your body and pummeling you, holding you down until you feel you are seconds from death, and then suddenly you surface, unharmed. A clumsy simile but it's the best I can do—just saying it was like coming times ten or a hundred or a thousand doesn't do it justice. I knew already that whoever this girl was, that I would never again be satisfied by having sex with an Earthling, as she called us.

The funny thing was that if a human girl had been deep-throating me like Aliandra was, I would have been ready to come in no time at all, even though I was already experiencing far more intense pleasure than any orgasm I'd ever had. But as her mouth worked up and down my shaft, I knew I was very much in control, that I wasn't going to blow my load anytime soon.

Eager now to actually fuck, I reluctantly took my cock from her mouth. Her eyes appeared as if they were growing brighter as she looked at me with a little animalistic grin, her pointy teeth showing. She lay back and spread her legs, and I could see that she did have a pussy, although it was unlike a human's. There didn't appear to be any labia to speak of, or even a clit, and it was oriented horizontally instead of vertically, stretching from side to side instead of up and down. It was small as well, maybe an inch wide at most. Beneath it was an even smaller hole, which I assumed was her ass; both holes were tinged with the same blue color as her lips and hair.

Everything I'd felt so far seemed inconsequential as I slid my cock inside of her. We both gasped in astonishment at the sensations that ripped through our bodies. Her pussy had the same odd cool/warm sensation as her skin. It felt more like fucking someone in the ass that it did a regular pussy, with one big exception. I'd been with the occasional girl that had had exceptional control of her pelvic floor muscles, that could squeeze and release and so add a very nice element to sex. But Aliandra's cunt grabbed and squeezed and jerked me almost like it was a hand, flexing and tightening and pulsing around my shaft. I felt like I was barely conscious, that I had just enough control over my body to move my cock in and out of her and not much else. It was as if I was being electrocuted with sexual pleasure. And now I could feel something else building inside me—I was going to come, and, in doing so, I was pretty sure I was going to die. And I didn't care. 

********************************

As the Earthling's erect member pushed into me, I felt overcome, not only with physical pleasure but with a wave of emotion that was something like happiness and contentment and sheer joy all rolled into one big ball, and then suddenly inflated far beyond its original size. As pleasant as it had been to stroke him and to take him into my mouth, this was something entirely new, and much more intense even than my expectations had prepared me for—and they had prepared me for a lot. My limited experience with being penetrated by Berniyoean men, in comparison, felt literally like nothing at all. My whole body tingled with a pulsating sensation that I can only imagine was the equivalent of being engulfed in flames, except that I was feeling pleasure instead of pain. Each time he thrust into me the end of his cock bumped up against my panil—our version of a clitoris, but entirely internal and located at the deepest part of our vaginal canal. Using my long arms, I grabbed his ass and pulled him deeper into me. Berniyoean penises were longer than his, but also skinnier. The fullness I felt as he impaled me only added to the heightened sexual response that our symbiotic body chemistries were unleashing. 

I could see his eyes rolling back in his head as he fucked me. I wondered if what he was feeling was more or less intense than what I was feeling. If it was more, I would almost have felt sorry for him. As the walls of my pussy clutched and grabbed at his rigid cock, he began a low moaning sound that grew in volume, and after thrusting hard several times he stopped moving, his penis buried inside me as deep as he could push it. I could feel his hot ejaculate blasting directly onto my panil. As it did so, I felt like every nerve in my body was being torn apart with the most delightful agony. My mouth opened and moved but no sound came out as my body convulsed with an uncontrollable orgasm. I couldn't breath for what felt like more than a minute—and maybe it was. Shudder after shudder of pure bliss washed over me until I didn't know where, or even who, I was. I wasn't a being, I wasn't a body, I was just a feeling, a sensation. 

"Oh, God," I heard him say, pulling me back to rational consciousness. "You're fucking bleeding everywhere!"

I looked down and saw the sheets and our crotches were covered in a thick red slime. Relieved, I said, "No, my blood is yellow. That's my ejaculate." 

"Oh man," Matt said. "I thought I'd killed you."

I smiled at him. "I thought maybe you had too. It would have been a nice way to die."

Matt scooped up a bit of the viscous red slime onto his finger and sniffed at it. With a shrug, he slurped it into his mouth.

"Holy...it tastes kind of like strawberry jam," he said with a grin, and suddenly he buried his face in my crotch, lapping hungrily at the ejaculate and sliding his tongue inside of me. Like taking him into my mouth, this was simply something that was not done, not discussed, not even considered on my planet. But I didn't care. That life was behind me and it felt wonderful. Without stimulating my panil, I was never going to orgasm from his oral ministrations, but that was fine for the time being. I didn't feel like I could have handled another climax anyway.

After ten or fifteen minutes he ceased his oral attentions and lay beside me, draping an arm and leg over me. I turned my head and we kissed for several more minutes, the taste of my ejaculate on his lips. It was delightfully sweet, and unlike anything I had tasted before. I had known we ejaculated when we climax but of course had never experienced it until then. 

"I'm sorry I came so quickly," he said. I told him I didn't mind. The sensations had been too intense to last much longer anyway. "I thought I was supposed to stay hard and whatnot after being exposed to your...whatever it is your exposing me to that makes this feel so good."

"Well, that was my understanding but I told you I had no first-hand knowledge."

"The feel of your skin is still amazing but I can't feel anything in my dick right now," he said. "It's totally limp." I felt the same—completely sated. And though pleasure still danced through my nerves simply from our skin making contact, I had no sexual desire. This, we soon discovered, turned out to be how it worked. The pleasure of sex was so intense, so beyond what our brains could normally even process, that for two or three days afterward, our libidos were virtually nonexistent. When they returned, though, it was with an urgency that neither of us could ever resist. We had to fuck, and we had to fuck then and there. Fortunately, our cycles seemed attuned to each other such that our desire struck us at almost exactly the same time. But I'm getting ahead of myself.

At that moment, the lights of the cabin dimmed, then went off completely for a second or two. When they came back on, they were a dim red glow instead of the soft white light they had been before.

"Uh-oh," I said. "We're about to make the jump."

"The jump?" Matt asked.

"Hyperspace," I said. "It's how you get around the galaxy. Interstellar travel. It's pretty awful though. Just hold on to me. I promise you'll be ok, but you're not going to feel like it." A minute later there was a sudden shaking, and then the walls of the room and everything in it seemed to melt.

As I snapped back to consciousness, nausea rippling through my guts, I could feel Matt beside me. He was still out, which was probably for the best. Sometimes waking up too soon made it worse. I managed to get to me feet in fairly short order and grabbed the wastebasket off the floor, keeping it close for the inevitable bout of vomiting once he awoke. To my surprise, he was more or less ok when, two or three minutes later, his eyes flickered open. We later figured out that whenever he had eaten my ejaculate within a cycle or so of a jump, he came through relatively unscathed. Again, getting ahead of myself.

As the ship began the docking process, I found myself gazing wistfully at this soft, pinkish creature that I knew I would never part from. "Matt," I said, "I'll find another ship to take you back to Earth if you'd like. This is a major port, we won't have any trouble finding one."

"Are you kidding?" he said. "After that? I'm going wherever you're going!"

"I'm very glad to hear that," I said. In fact, I would be gladder than I knew. 

We had docked on Pirneha, a habitable moon that orbited a gas giant, and a major transit point for ships moving between the Third and Fourth sectors. Pirneha City was an odd mix of seedy, cargo-based transport and high-class tourism, from what I understood. But I was about to find out that much of what I'd been taught of the galaxy was a lie. 

"Well, what do we do now," Matt asked.

"We get off the ship. I'll need to get some credits. Shouldn't be too hard."

"Credits?"

"Money," I said.

"Lots of jobs here or something?"

"Lots of tourists."

"How do we make money from tourists?"

"We steal it from them," I said with a grin.

"Is that...dangerous?"

"Not the way I do it. Trust me."

The sheer variety of peoples coursing through the corridors of the spaceport was overwhelming even to me. I was familiar with dozens of different species, and had heard of dozens more, but what I saw went far beyond my expectations. Matt, of course, was even more astounded. Peoples of every size, shape, and color intermingled in a swirling riot of flesh and clothing. Too many of their eyes seemed to linger on us, although I thought for a while it was my imagination. Earthlings, I knew, were rare out in the galaxy, although it would turn out that they were not quite as rare as I thought. I suspected Matt was drawing attention as a result—but more and more I realized the eyes were lingering on me, to the point where I was getting uncomfortable. 

The crowds thinned a bit as we exited the spaceport onto the streets of Pirneha City, but not as much as I would have liked. We turned a few corners and got off of the busiest streets. It was then that I noticed the three men. I had caught glimpses of them in the spaceport and again just outside, but now it was undeniable. They were following us. Suddenly the crowds on the main streets didn't seem so threatening.

The three men drew closer. They were short, squat, and hairy. Loutrayans, I thought. An unsavory people, very mercenary in their outlook, and not prone to kindness. I knew I could escape. Berniyoeans can out-jump, out-climb, and outrun just about anyone. But I didn't want to leave Matt behind. I should have. They weren't after him.

One of the Loutrayans held out some sort of scanner and said, "That's the one." Before I could react, another fired a bolt of energy at me. I felt myself falling, and saw a panicked expression on Matt's face, and then everything went black.