 Eighteen matriarchs sat around the long table in the royal meeting room on Genthalas, the gathered Maliri speaking quietly to one another as they awaited their hostess, the atmosphere tense. When Queen Edraele swept into the room, all conversation ceased, the matriarchs watching her approach the table.

"My sincere apologies for keeping you waiting," Edraele said, inclining her head to the seated women. "Baen'thelas enquired as to the status of our fleet refits and I wanted to finish my update before beginning this meeting, so that I could give you my undivided attention."

"Apology accepted," Meriel Romenor said with an impatient wave. "So how soon will my own fleets be refitted?"

Kali Loraleth frowned in disapproval. "They're all our fleets now, Meriel. We're all working together for the betterment of the Maliri people."

"I was speaking to Edraele, not you. If I wanted the opinion of an impudent child, I would have asked for it!" Meriel snapped, her wizened face twisting into a sneer of derision. "Of course, we just happen to be refitting the fleets by House ranking, which puts all the Valaden and Loraleth ships at the front of the queue! It's fine to spout high-minded words when your fleets have already been upgraded!"

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you," Kali said quietly, cringing in the face of the older woman's hostility. "I just meant that we're all supposed to be friends now..." 

As the youngest matriarch in the room, by 150 years in some cases, Kali often had to deal with underhanded slights from her elders. However, it was the first time any of them dared do so openly in front of their Queen.

Edraele placed her hand on Kali's bare shoulder and gave her a comforting squeeze. "That's exactly right, Kali. We're all united under Baen'thelas' banner, working to improve Maliri lives throughout the Protectorate."

Kali brushed a lock of her long white hair away from her youthful face and looked up at Edraele with a grateful smile. The Maliri queen returned it lovingly, then as soon as Kali looked away, she turned to glare on Meriel. 

*Apologise to her... now. Unless you'd like to discuss your lack of respect after the meeting?* Edraele said ominously, her purple eyes narrowing in anger.

Meriel froze as she heard Edraele's glacial telepathic voice cut through her mind, the implied threat backed up by over a century of unsurpassed cruelty. "I-I should be the one apologising, Kali," she stammered, tearing her eyes from Edraele's baleful glare. "I'm very sorry for speaking to you in such a disrespectful manner. I-I was just concerned about House Romenor's unguarded border with the Kirrix..."

Kali brightened, a lovely smile lighting up her face. "That's quite alright, I appreciate you must be worried. I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear that my first fleet has been dispatched to your border just this morning! My second fleet is undergoing the last stages of the refit and will be heading for the Brimorian border in two days' time."

"Thank you," Meriel said, nodding to Kali in gratitude, before darting a worried glance in Edraele's direction.

The Maliri Queen locked eyes with her for a long moment, until Meriel bowed her head and broke eye-contact, then Edraele turned and took her seat at the head of the table. "To summarise the update that I just provided to Baen'thelas: Genthalas is now running at 80% capacity, with more hangars and production facilities being brought online on a daily basis. The slight delay was simply to allow additional time to install Brimorian Shield Generators in every vessel leaving our shipyards. The refit of House Perfaren's two fleets and my third are already well underway, with Houses Aeberos' and Naestina's beginning later this afternoon."

Tsarra, Nyrelle, and Valani all nodded in confirmation, their Fleet Commanders having kept them apprised of their current state of readiness.

Edraele turned to Gaenna Baelora. "House Baelora's ships will be next in line for the refit, so please ensure they are present at Genthalas by the end of the week."

The older matriarch had a gleam of anticipation in her eyes. "I shall contact my daughters and have them dispatch my fleets." 

"Very good," Edraele said, before turning to look at the group. "Now, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Baen'thelas will not be travelling directly to Maliri Space, he plans to take a detour via Kirrix territory and will be returning home to us at least a week later."

This announcement was met with groans of anguish, the expression on Emandra Holaris' face making it clear just how much she was anticipating his return. Edraele had immediately informed the Young Matriarchs when John first made the decision, so they only reacted with forlorn looks at their Queen. Kali had taken the news hardest of all, as she was longing for his return, desperate to start a family with him. 

"At least a week?" Emandra asked, chewing her lip in frustration. "But he might be even longer?"

"I don't have a precise date, I'm afraid," Edraele admitted with a mournful frown. "He's eager to return to us as soon as possible but he has pressing business to attend to first. I'm well aware that you've been away from home for weeks now, so it might be prudent to return to your homeworlds in the interim to deal with House business. I will inform you of the date he'll be arriving at Genthalas as soon as he lets me know."

The Young Matriarchs darted looks of concern at Edraele, the thought of leaving each other's company not a pleasant one. She knew how close Leena Ghilwen and Tsarra Perfaren had become, their intimacy matched by Nyrelle Aeberos and Valani Naestina.

*Not you, my darlings,* she informed them with a fond smile. *John asked me to protect all of you and the only way I can do that is to keep you at my side for the foreseeable future.*

*Another eight months?* Valani asked, instinctively caressing her flat stomach.

*Oh no, he was thinking considerably longer term than that... centuries at the very least,* the Maliri Queen replied, her reassuring words met with looks of delight.

Gaenna Baelora had been furtively studying Emandra Holaris' pained expression and her eyes flicked to the House Valaden Matriarch. "Edraele, I'd like to speak with you after the meeting please."

Inclining her head, Edraele replied, "Of course." Looking around the group, she continued, "On to the next item I wish to raise with you: my fleets have reached the Ashanath Collective and the Trankaran Republic. Both of our allies have been provided with new technology, so that they can upgrade their forces and assist with the refit of my ships. Additionally, my first fleet has begun the hunt for Kirrix vessels in Trankaran Space and I've received confirmation that the insectoid vermin have commenced a civil war..."

"I know you informed us that Alyssa caused this rift amongst the Kirrix," Keishara Venkalyn murmured, a look of trepidation flickering across her face as she remembered seeing the furious blonde flying after Tashana, eldritch forces curling around her fists. "But to instigate a civil war by thought alone... the sheer power that Terran girl must possess is terrifying!"

Edraele nodded and looked around at the fourteen short-haired matriarchs. "Yes, exactly. If you ladies will indulge me, I would like to offer you some advice. I know that many of you chafe under my leadership and given the opportunity, you would gladly seek to supplant me as Queen at John's side..." She saw a cagey twitch of the lips from more than one of the older women, while the rest were simply better at concealing their emotions. 

"Why, whatever do you mean, Edraele?" Emandra asked, raising an eyebrow and giving her a coy smile.

The Maliri Queen laughed, a knowing look on her face. "You would never dream of such a thing?"

The House Holaris matriarch smirked. "It never even crossed my mind..."

"Yes, very amusing..." Gaenna Baelora snapped, growing impatient with Emandra's interruption. Staring at Edraele, she continued curtly, "So what's the advice?" 

"I would be disappointed if any of you were brazen enough to make an attempt on my life, but hardly surprised given our history. However, do not, under any circumstances, allow the Young Matriarchs to be caught in the crossfire," Edraele said ominously, the room falling into a hushed silence. "I'm sure you've already been informed of this by your spy networks, but if not, I'm telling you now: they are carrying Baen'thelas' heirs..." 

The older matriarchs looked at their five younger counterparts with a mix of wariness and shocked fascination, none of them saying a word.

Edraele nodded as that sank in, curious to see which of the matriarchs was genuinely surprised and who was pretending. "For your own sake and the continued existence of your Houses... I urge you not to put these girls at risk. Endangering them would enrage Alyssa... and bring horrific vengeance down upon your heads, the likes of which the Maliri Regency has never before witnessed." 

*But I'm not pregnant,* Kali reminded her, her expression turning wistful.

*A mere technicality that we will address the moment John returns,* Edraele replied, sending a loving telepathic caress through the young woman's mind that made Kali sigh in euphoria.

Emandra studied Edraele's flawless skin, her youthful appearance indistinguishable from the nubile Maliri maiden sitting beside her. "And what about you, Edraele?" she asked in a hushed voice. 

Edraele shook her head, then a coy smile appeared on her face. "No, I'm not pregnant. At least, not yet..."

"But you're into your one-sixties!" Gaenna protested, looking stunned.

"Chronologically, I'll admit to being 162... but physically? My body has been rejuvenated to that of a 30-year-old, along with the insatiable appetites of the young and the fertility to match," she declared, a gleam in her purple eyes. "Now, I appreciate that many of you are long past your child-bearing years and might no longer be interested in expanding your Houses. However, if that prospect does still hold any appeal..." 

She looked around and without exception, all the Maliri in the room were starry-eyed at the mere thought of being intimate with John. 

"... then I would strongly recommend staying true to the spirit of our alliance until Baen'thelas returns," she advised them, hoping that would be enough to keep the older matriarchs in line.

*Trouble, Edraele?* John asked, sounding concerned as he felt her worry over their connection.

*Truthfully, the older matriarchs are growing more belligerent,* She admitted with a sigh. *Without the control element of your connection to keep them compliant, they are highly-likely to revert to their original natures the longer you are away. There is a limit to how much authority I can exert over them without having to take... drastic measures.*

*I'm sorry I left you in that position,* John said with regret. *When I return home, I promise we'll find a long-term solution to ensure you can run the Protectorate as effortlessly as possible.*

*Well at the moment, all the older matriarchs are remembering what it was like to be a luscious 30-year-old... But soon they'll be imagining what it would be like to be bedded by you and left with a memento of that loving tryst growing in their wombs,* she purred seductively.

*Edraele...* John said, his voice lowered in warning. *What have you been promising them?*

*I've not made any promises. Have I strongly hinted at intriguing possibilities? Oh yes, absolutely...* Edraele admitted, her tone turning playful. Before he could admonish her, she quickly added, *Don't pretend that the thought of having every matriarch in the Protectorate swelling with your baby isn't one of your naughtiest fantasies. Just imagine all 19 of us looking up at you in adoration as you establish absolute control over the Maliri matriarchy... I've simply laid the foundation, should you choose to indulge your desires.*

John was quiet for a long moment, lost in fantasies of doe-eyed azure beauties.

Looking around at the council of matriarchs, Edraele gave them a warm smile. "That was everything I wished to discuss with you today. Unless any of you would like to raise a topic?" Her gaze swept over each of the Maliri women in turn, giving them an opportunity to speak. When nothing was raised, she concluded, "In that case, thank you for attending, ladies. If you do choose to return to your homeworld until Baen'thelas returns, I wish you a safe and pleasant journey, otherwise you're welcome to remain here as my guests on Genthalas."

The matriarchs nodded but didn't reply, still distracted by their Queen's intriguing proposal.

*You're a very naughty girl, Edraele,* John finally said, trying to downplay his interest.

*Very true... and there are fourteen other equally naughty women here, all waiting to be reformed into benevolent leaders and doting mothers. Just think how much good they'll accomplish when you've shown them the error of their evil ways,* she teased, enjoying hearing John's lustful thoughts and his groan of frustration. *If you ask Irillith and Tashana nicely, I'm sure they'll be happy to roleplay being belligerent matriarchs in desperate need of a firm hand...*

Gaenna Baelora circled the long table and strode purposefully towards the Maliri Queen. "Ready to talk, Edraele?"

"Of course, Gaenna. I hadn't forgotten." Giving her an encouraging smile, Edraele gestured towards the door. "If you'd like to accompany me to my study, we can speak in private."

"Lead on," Gaenna said, her voice gruff as she attempted to hide her excitement.

Edraele exchanged friendly glances with the Young Matriarchs and touched Tsarra Perfaren's hand as she passed the beautiful young woman. "I might be a little late..."

Tsarra gave her an understanding smile, but her dark-green eyes were alight with anticipation. "Take as long as you need, my Queen. I'll wait for you."

With a nod of gratitude, Edraele turned and led the House Baelora matriarch through to her study. Opening the door for her guest, she waited for her to enter then closed it behind them. "Would you care for some refreshments?"

Gaenna shook her head and said bluntly, "Let's just skip the small talk, I haven't the stomach for it. I want exactly the same deal you offered Emandra Holaris." 

"Are you also proposing a trade of Holaris wines?" Edraele replied with a teasing smile. "As I seem to recall, exotic vintages are Emandra's House speciality, not yours..." 

The older woman barked a grating laugh. "So that's what Emandra offered you for a chance at immortality? I thought that miserly bitch would rather sell her own soul than trade her precious House Holaris wines!"

Edraele studied the matriarch and said quietly, "The deal we made was for the restoration of her youth, not to grant her immortality."

"What about carrying one of Baen'thelas' heirs?" Gaenna asked suspiciously, narrowing her eyes.

Walking over to the coffee table, the Maliri Queen raised the decanter and filled a tall glass with a ruby-red liquid. "John is not a border male offering stud services to the highest bidder," she said, sipping her drink and gazing at the other woman over the rim of her glass. "He is very selective about the women he takes to his bed... and the mothers of his children are chosen with even greater care."

Gaenna's brow furrowed in confusion. "I've been researching all the old stories about Mael'nerak and it didn't sound like he was ever that discerning over who he got pregnant. Why does Baen'thelas care? After the deed is done, he'd play no further part..."

Edraele sat down on the chaise longue and patted the seat beside her. "Sit with me a moment and I will do my best to explain."

The House Baelora matriarch huffed an exasperated sigh, but crossed the room and sat next to Edraele. "Alright, go ahead."

"Do you remember the evening when you allied yourself with Baen'thelas and earned your white hair?" Edraele asked, casually toying with a tendril of her own snowy-white mane.

A flush of indigo coloured Gaenna's face. "Fragments... yes."

"If we come to some amicable arrangement and John agrees to restore your youth, he'll need to devote some time to... feeding you... repeatedly. You wouldn't be sharing him though, it would be just you and John, with all his attention focused on you alone." 

The bloom in Gaenna's cheeks darkened. "That sounds acceptable," she said in a rush.

Edraele gave her a knowing smile and nodded. "I'm sure it does. However, John likes to build a great degree of intimacy with his partners... he isn't the kind of man to have a casual dalliance with a woman then discard her. For that same reason, he wants to be actively involved with his women in the upbringing of his children."

Gaenna blinked in shock, then looked at her Queen incredulously. "Why would he want to do that?!"

"He was raised in the Terran Federation," Edraele explained with a fond smile. "I'm sure you've seen the barrage of entertainment the Terrans have been broadcasting for centuries... That's not all fiction, they truly believe in pair-bonding and raising their progeny as a couple."

Her fellow Maliri shuddered, then shook her head in disbelief. "Having a man constantly underfoot? Are Terran females insane?!"

Edraele raised an eyebrow. "You'd find it objectionable to have a man on-hand... whenever you wanted him?" 

Gaenna paused, a thoughtful look appearing on her face. "Perhaps Terran females are considerably wiser than I thought." Her eyes locked on her fellow Matriarch. "So that is the only point of contention? That John would wish to help raise any offspring from our union?"

Hesitating for a moment, Edraele slowly shook her head and placed her glass on the table. "I wish that it were so simple. He has concerns about being able to devote enough time to each child, having committed to fathering children with over 20 women already. In all likelihood, he would decline a request to sire a baby with you... at least for the time being. My advice would be to wait a few decades until his firstborn have matured into adults; he would be much more amenable to fathering a child with you at that point."

Gaenna nodded, grateful for what she could tell was honest advice. "Thank you, Edraele. A couple of decades would pass in the blink of an eye... and adding Baen'thelas' bloodline to my House would be worth nearly any wait." Leaning forward on the sofa, she continued with an air of desperation, "But what of being able to restore my youth? I'm 236, Edraele... I can feel the inexorable approach of my mortality."

"John wishes to increase trade between the Maliri and our neighbours," Edraele replied, carefully studying the jittery matriarch. "Wines were House Holaris' speciality, but if you were to-"

"You can have it!" Gaenna blurted out, interrupting her Queen. "Exclusive trade rights to all the Vrysandral spice that House Baelora can harvest!"

Edraele smiled and clasped one of her guest's hands in hers. "An exceedingly generous offer and one that you can discuss in person with Baen'thelas as soon as he returns."

"Will it be enough do you think?" Gaenna asked in a hushed voice, revealing an uncharacteristically vulnerable side to her caustic personality.

"I can't speak for John in such a personal matter, but I should think so," Edraele said, giving Gaenna a reassuring smile. 

The House Baelora matriarch sagged with relief. 

Edraele watched her reaction, then quietly continued, "To give you fair warning though, the kind of... connection... you'll develop by being with John that intimately, will have a dramatic impact on your personality as well your body."

"What do you mean?" the older woman asked, listening attentively.

Edraele gave her hand a gentle squeeze then gestured to herself. "Take me as an example, I began a relationship with Baen'thelas only a few months ago. Now, you and I have been... acquaintances... for over a century. Would you say that I'm still the same woman you've always known?"
