 Lori Sanders gasped in amazement and delight as she came upon the ancient, stone artifact. It's perfect, she thought, in form - and more importantly - in size. She giggled at her naughty thoughts, one of these days my dirty mind will get me in trouble!

She had gotten off work early, and decided to go shopping at an "exotic" antique store known for unique items. The store carried the usual Oriental furniture, rugs, and other assorted knick-knacks, but it also had a second room full of erotic treasures from bygone eras. The store didn't advertise these artifacts, instead relying on word of mouth through existing customers to spread the word.

Lori didn't come here often, but often purchased something when she did visit though - which was why the shopkeeper liked her so much. She now gazed upon a beautiful Indian lingam - eight inches in length, two inches in diameter, and intricately carved with minute details. The card simply stated that it dated back sometime to the tenth century A.D. in Southern India, but archaeologists were unable to determine the lingam's exact origins, or its exact purpose.

Shit, she thought, it's a big, fucking dildo! Its purpose is to keep a girl satisfied! With a grin on her face, she told the owner that she would take it.

Getting into her car, Lori checked herself in the rearview mirror. She imagined how others might view her: a young, beautiful woman with an incredible body, yet with an icy demeanor. She had fashion model looks - amazing blue eyes, pert nose, luscious lips, and gorgeous skin. Luxurious, shoulder length blonde hair topped off this vision of beauty. Lori was also blessed with a killer body - both athletically slim and gorgeously curvy at the same time, and in the right places. She had long, slim legs, a thin waist, an ass that wouldn't quit, and deliciously large breasts.

But she never flaunted any of her physical attributes, ever. She worked for a small law practice as a legal assistant. Because she was always dealing with clients, she made sure to dress accordingly - conservative pant suits, and rarely any skirts.

No, it's better to keep everything on a professional level. And since I'm too busy at work to have much of a social life, this is where you come in, Lori thought, glancing at her new toy, her pussy tingling in anticipation. Sad, but true...

After getting through rush hour traffic, Lori parked and rushed into her apartment. She threw the lingham onto her couch and walked into her bedroom, taking off her clothes and dropping them on the floor along the way. Down to her underwear, the beautiful blonde looked at herself in the full length mirror, admiring her body, before peeling off her bra and underwear. Her right hand went down to her moist vagina, fingers delicately massaging her tender lips. God, I'm so fucking horny, she thought. Hmmm ... I need a shave down there...

Lori then rummaged through her porn drawer, pulling out one of her favorite DVD's. Popping it into her player, she skipped forward to one of scenes she liked best - a small but voluptuous Japanese porn star getting fucked by five big studs. Pulling out the ancient Indian dildo, Lori fell onto her couch, legs spread wide open.

Five minutes of heavy finger fucking later, Lori began rubbing the length of the dildo against her swollen pussy lips. Having forgotten any lubrication, she instead spat out gobs of spit onto the dildo, running her hands up and down it, getting it all wet and sticky for her waiting cunt. Positioning it at the opening of her vagina, Lori turned her attention back to her TV; the Japanese girl was on her knees being double-penetrated by two large cocks, and at the same time she was giving a third cock a sloppy blowjob.

Turned on by this sight, Lori rammed the ancient artifact deep into her pussy, gasping at its fullness. She pulled it out, then in again. Once more she pulled it out, and then in again.

All of a sudden, the electricity in her apartment flickered on and off - everything turned dark, then light again, and the TV was now broadcasting static. Lori blinked, because now there were another person in the room! Instead of there just a dildo up her cunt, there was strange man with his dick up her! She tried to scream, but was cut off when the stranger's hand covered her mouth.

"Why must they all scream?" he asked, rolling his eyes. "They send for me, but they act sooooo surprised when they see me materialize!"

Lori tried to twist herself out from under his grasp, but he seemed incredibly strong. She bit his hand, but stopped when she realized that he didn't even seem to feel any pain. She looked up at him with a puzzled glance.

"Hellooooo!" the man said, "I mean - come on! - I'm here!! Don't be scared - you sent for me?" Then he looked into her eyes, and for a moment seemed as if he were reading her mind. "Hmmmm .... I guess you didn't send for me after all ... what century is it, now?"

With that, the man withdrew from the girl and stood up in front her - a hand on his chin - as if thinking deep thoughts. For the first time, Lori could look upon the stranger in full view, and became even more scared. He was very tall and muscular, with a bald head and chiseled, Asian features. His skin looked like skin, but - at the same time - wasn't. She couldn't place her finger on it, but while he seemed human, he also had an alien quality to him. Not that he seemed like he was from outer space, just that he didn't seem like he was a part of the human race. It was just something about his skin, his bearing, or some other mysterious quality that made him different than anyone she had ever met before. She looked down at his penis, and gasped with amazement. His dick looked exactly the same as the ancient stone lingham she had just bought!

He noticed Lori staring at him, and his eyes locked upon hers, his gaze seeming to infiltrate her mind. "Yes, look at me, and realize that I am not part of your race - but I am a part of your history!"

The stranger looked up, collecting his thoughts, before saying, "The best word for you to recognize what I am, would be genie. Yes, for that is what I am!"

Lori blinked in wonder, at the same time struggling to cope with the enormity of his words.

"I have no name - I just simply am. There is no beginning nor end for me. Time to me is nothing. This artifact that you have awoken," he said, pointing to his stone penis, "is a part of me, and not. It has been centuries since I became in this world, but to me it has only felt like a short moment - a gasp between breaths of air. A virgin's saliva, combined with three thrusts of the lingham within the virgin's loins, will make me be. That is its power, as well as it's curse. Now make your three wishes so that I can leave! But a word of warning - think carefully of your wishes!"

With that the genie concluded his speech, content to wait for the girl to regain her senses. It seemed as if she were in some sort of strange dream. Genies and three wishes? Nonsense!

Yet there he stood, as solid as that stone dick of his, jutting out like an eternal erection. Her pussy tingled just thinking about it. Lori asked, "I can ask you three wishes? Can I ask for anything?"

"There are limits," the genie replied carefully, "as I am not all powerful. For instance, I cannot grant you magical powers, as most humans could not harness such energies. Nor can I change your past. But I can grant you wishes that are magical in nature, such as an ever-lasting orgasm. This would be a double-edged sword, as your body could not possibly live with such pleasures for long."

Lori realized that she was sitting with her legs spread open, and quickly brought her knees together to cover her wet vagina. She had trouble thinking, looking at his naked body and his eight-inch hard-on. I know I'm a virgin, but do you have to tease me like this, she thought to herself. The genie smiled at her as if he were reading her thoughts.

"Let me think about this for a moment," she told the genie. The blond closed her eyes, and brought her knees up against her chest, legs crossed and arms wrapped around them. She was uncomfortable being nude in front of this stranger, yet turned on at the same time.

So many things to ask for, she thought. Being so horny, Lori let her mind wander, Hmmmmm ... how about something practical? Like - never having to buy clothes again? I could wish for a new outfit for whenever an occasion demands it - but then only wear it once! I'll never have to spend money or time washing clothes ... and they'll have to be very sexy, provocative, and too-revealing! She chuckled naughtily at that, wondering how she would ever wear such clothes. And no panties or bra, she added.

While I'm at it, why don't I ask for an eternally smooth body - I'll never need to shave my nether regions, underarms, or legs again! Lori groaned at herself, that's a horrible wish!

She glanced up and stared at the genie's dick. She licked her lips and thought wickedly, How's this for a bad wish? A big, fat dildo up my pussy when I get horny - at the worst possible moment!! Like when I met that client yesterday for lunch - he was sooo cute! Sitting in that fancy restaurant with him with a dildo up my cunt! Shit, I'm getting all wet! She closed her eyes again, I'd better start thinking for real! I should definitely ask for some money - maybe some -

"YES!!" the genie announced in a booming voice, "Your three wishes are GRANTED!!" He waved his arms in the arm in strange patterns, as smoke started to fill the room. He seemed to be fading away with into the smoke, his body slowly losing form.

"WAIT!!" Lori screamed, shocked. "I haven't made my three wishes yet! What are you talking about!?"

"You HAVE made your three wishes, so now I will be on my way!" he said, winking at her. "You will never see me or this lingham again! Do not worry, for soon you will have plenty of your very own! FAREWELL!!"

Smoke still lingered in the air, but the genie was gone. Suddenly, Lori felt nauseous, and the room seemed to be spinning. What did he mean by that, she thought. It can't be ... Everything went black, and she sank into unconsciousness ...

********************

Lori woke up in a start, drenched in sweat, with a feeling of foreboding. She was lying in her bed, naked, though she couldn't remember getting into bed the night before. Holy shit, she thought, I've got to get ready for work!

The blonde rushed into the bathroom for a quick shower. As she lathered herself with soap, a feeling of dread came over her as she felt her nether regions. They were completely devoid of pubic hair, even though she distinctly remembered thinking that she had to shave them soon. It can't be, she thought, last night's events coming to mind, it just can't! I was dreaming all of that!

Finishing up, she ran back to her bedroom and headed for her closet. She pulled open its doors, to find it completely empty. There was only a skimpy outfit on a clothes hanger, and a pair of sexy work heels in the closet. Lori took the outfit and shoes out, laying them out on her bed. Next, she rummaged through her clothes drawers, again finding nothing. No panties, bras, t-shirts, or jeans - absolutely nothing!

She glanced down her hallway, hoping that yesterday's clothes would still be on the floor where she left them, to no avail. She didn't have a stitch of clothing in the house except for the skimpy outfit that was on her bed. Glancing at her clock, she knew that she would have to leave for work soon....

*********************

"C'mon, Lori, you know I'm depending on you to do this!" Stan said sternly, looking her up and down. Even though he was in his late-fifties, he had a raging boner when he saw his assistant come to work. Normally she wore very reserved business suits, yet today she walked into the office with the tightest, juiciest outfit he had ever seen her wear!

Lacy, leather pumps, with a four-inch heel, accentuated her long, smooth legs. An incredibly short, black skirt hugged her ass, and it seemed as if she had no panty line, either ... Topping this off was a tiny black blazer - cut low to show off her ample bosom - that seemed a size too small for her. His assistant hadn't bothered to wear a blouse underneath her blazer, so her tits were almost to almost to the point of spilling out. Every time she walked, her boobs would jiggle - she definitely hadn't worn a bra!

Lori flushed under her boss's scrutiny, "Well .... I forgot about the appointment. Look, I'm not really dressed for it ..."

Stan Stillman decided to be firm with his young legal assistant; even though his practice was small, he was still the boss. "Lori, you know I have to meet the assistant D.A. for lunch, and I need those signatures by then! You now have three hours to do this: an hour to get there and back, which leaves you with two hours. Getting through security should take no more twenty minutes. That leaves you with over one and a half hours to meet with Mr. Allen and get him to sign those documents! You know what a hassle he is, so it'll probably take you the whole time to persuade him to do so!"

The young woman crumbled under the pressure her boss, "Yes, sir!"

"Now, I don't know why you chose to wear this particular outfit - I certainly don't mind!" he chuckled at her embarrassment. "In fact, it may help you get those documents signed faster! Hell, most of our clients would be under your command! Please be free to wear more provocative clothes in the future!"

*************************

Twenty minutes later in her car, Lori was still mad at Stan's comments. However, what he said was very true - his practice specialized in representing low-life scum. The majority of their clients were drug dealers, thieves, and pimps; but they had money and clout. Some of their clients were fairly big drug lords - high up in the food chain. Stan had started up his office years ago with honest intentions, but nowadays you had to get whatever piece of the pie you could, and if this meant dealing with scum, so be it.

Lori herself knew she was overpaid for this job. It was her presence that compensated for this fact, though, since she looked good in court, looked good in the office, and looked good doing errands like this one. The fact was, she needed this job to save up money for college next fall. It was very good pay for easy work and short hours, ensuring she had ample spare time to brush up on her studies.

Parking her car in an empty aisle at the Stratum Low-Security Penitentiary, she walked toward the main security office, trying not to think of how short her mini-skirt was to the guard who opened the door for her.

Walking up to the main desk, she showed her ID and was waved in. Next stop was the main security hub - where the actual entrance to the prison was and also where the security was the tightest.

"I'm here to see Carl Allen. I represent Mr. Allen's attorney, Stan Stillman." Lori stated, handing over documents for the highest ranking security officer to look at. There were five guards in the room, as well as a security sensor similar to the ones airports use in the middle of it all.

"Hmmmm ... everything here seems to be in order" the man said, scanning the papers, every now and then his eyes darting to her breasts. "Please go through the sensor, miss."

Lori pulled down her skirt for the tenth time since entering the room, trying not to notice the men staring at her skimpy attire. She began to self-consciously walk towards the security sensor, before suddenly feeling very uncomfortable. She was almost through the sensor, and tried to hide her discomfort. Her pussy felt ... very full!

Then the sensors went off, a siren wailing in the suddenly tense room. Lori turned completely red - she knew what it was! There was a big dildo up her pussy!

"Miss!! I'm afraid I'm gonna have to ask you to step over here, please!" the senior officer said, secretly pleased with this opportunity.

"Please ... I ... may I go to the washroom now?" the blonde stuttered, dreading what was to come.

The guard shook his head, wondering what this stunning creature could be hiding under such little clothing. "You know the rules, miss - now spread your arms and legs!" he commanded, smiling a bit.

Lori bit her lower lip, and followed his orders. Standing straight, she raised her arms and spread her legs to make room for the hand-held security device, just like the ones used in airports. As the guard began waving the device around her chest, Lori was aware that everyone was watching the two of them with intense scrutiny. The device began beeping as he brought it up between her crotch.

"Miss, I'm afraid the standard procedure now is for a strip search," the guard said, almost leering at her. "Since we don't have a female officer on duty, the commanding officer - in this case myself - will be conducting the search, with a junior officer present to watch the proceedings. Any questions?"

The girl nodded no, her eyes glued to the floor.

"In that case, follow me into this side room," he said. Noticing her hesitation, he added, "Don't worry - there aren't any cameras in this room. This'll be completely confidential." Lori cringed when he said that. The officer pointed at a younger guard to follow them - who brightened up, happy that he'd be a witness to this show.

The three of them entered a small rectangular room with a table against the wall opposite the doorway. The younger man - Officer Morton - shut the door and leaned against the wall to get a good view. The senior man - Officer Wells - positioned Lori next to the steel table.

Officer Wells was a complete lecher; although he acted like a proper citizen in front of friends and family, inside he just another dirty old man. He couldn't believe his luck with Lori, how she was in his "hands" now. He'd been watching her ever since she started coming to the prison - how proper and prim she dressed, her aloofness to the guards, but mostly how hot she was. But today! She had dressed like a vamp today! For sure she didn't have a bra on! He'd been studying her ass, and couldn't find a panty line ... It didn't matter, he chuckled to himself, he'd find out pretty soon.

"Ma'am, please disrobe and hand me your garments," Wells asked politely. He found it hard to not smile - in a matter of moments he'd be feeling this stunning blonde inside out!

The young woman nervously unbuttoned her blazer to reveal her amazing tits to two complete strangers. Morton almost whistled in appreciation. Lori's breasts were large and well proportioned - her nipples hard and jutting out. Next, she unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it. The officers gasped as they noticed that this blonde goddess really hadn't worn any underwear, and that she had completely shaved her pubes. She handed her clothes to Morton, and tried to cover her nakedness with her arms.

"Bend over ninety degrees over the table, feet wide apart, and spread your ass with your two hands!" Wells ordered.

Wells admired the view as she obeyed him, her tits and head resting on the cold table as her pubic region became exposed to the two men. She had the most gorgeous skin and a tight, luscious butt - a tiny, rosebud asshole, and a sweet, pink pussy. The blonde seemed like a porn star or model, but only more beautiful. It took all of Wells' will-power to not pull out his erection and fuck Lori with all his might. He couldn't go that far, but he did have some tricks up his sleeve.

Wells opened a drawer and brought out a jar of Vaseline. He opened it and set it next to Lori on the table. "We're out of latex gloves, but I'm sure you don't mind ..." It was more of a command than a question.
