 Greetings one and all, I'm JT, short for Jon Thomas. I'm over 150 years old. As a mortal I worked for enterprising ladies who sought to sell their most personal and private possession. I would coordinate, facilitate and if necessary intimidate on these ladies behalf. 

I worked the streets in London England, in Brothels of the old American west, and finally in a 20th Century Cat-house in a southern state in America, where my life ended abruptly due to three gunshot wounds to my upper torso.

I thought of myself as a personal assistant. Unfortunately, when I arrived at the pearly gates Saint Peter called me a pimp and sent me to purgatory. I've been here since that day, trying to redeem myself for having taken advantage of these poor delicate flowers and earn my way into heaven. I have served as a protector for sexually adventurous women, ensuring that they are kept safe while they seek to satisfy their carnal cravings.

Saint Peter finally declared that I'd been cleansed and purified and recommended me for admittance to heaven. I didn't last a week up there due to the fact that I was bored out of my mind. The almighty doesn't allow smoking, drinking hard liquor, swearing, gambling, wanton women, or anything else that I'd consider fun to take place. As a result I keep a cloud in purgatory so I can hang out with other people like me.

That said, if you like good clean fun, heaven is a great place to visit. I recently returned from a weekend of rest and relaxation up there. I spent my time laying on a nude beach drinking wine and chatting with this old guy named Charlie, about how much we wanted to fuck the hot female angels that were sunning themselves. Don't get excited, all we could do was look at them. Erections aren't allowed up there. 

Anyways, Charlie said, "I had this hot piece of ass down on earth that's as gorgeous as any of these angels. Not only that, she was half my age, submissive, and she gave great head. I'd do anything to get together with her one more time." 

I told him that I was sort of a fixer for Saint Peter, and I sometimes return to earth. I then suggested that it could be possible for him to spend some time with his former girlfriend again if he was willing to come visit me in purgatory. 

Then I explained the process, I said, "Once I find out who your old girlfriend is fucking, you can enter his body. You will then be able to experience all of his senses. You can also influence what he says and does. But you're only allowed to make him do or say the right thing. He'll be aware of everything that's going on, even though you'll be in control."

I also made it plain that it'd put us both in trouble if Saint Peter or the almighty got wind of what we were doing. 

Charlie's response was, "If you ain't cheating, you ain't trying."

As soon as I was back on my cloud I accessed, OK, I hacked into the almighty's computer and searched the database for Charlie's bio. When I read it I found that everything he said was true. He'd fallen in love at first sight with Gabrielle Acuna, a thirty something that was into much older men.

The thing that got my attention was his Certificate of Demise document. It read, "Charles 'Charlie' Tuna expired due to asphyxiation while eating pussy. He was unable to free himself from his girlfriend Gabrielle 'Gabie' Acuna's vice like grip, when she grasped his head with her hands and clamped her skull crushing thighs against his ears. She then held his face in the meaty folds of her hairy womanhood until she came. By the time she released him he was gone."

I then used the big guy's computer to tune into live audio and video of Charlie's former girlfriend down on earth. She was walking out of work on her way to the parking lot when she smiled big and waved at both of the men who were checking her out, though she was focused on the older one.

Someone named Bobby Ray was looking at her through the window of the security guard's shack. He shook his head and smiled with one side of his mouth as he watched Gabie walk toward him. 

Once I saw their reaction to each other I called up is bio. It said, "Bobby Ray Johnson is a well preserved older man whose laid-back confidence is intriguing to many women, and surprisingly appealing to younger ones. He is considered to be an O G. Meaning his street cred is at a level where others believe he is as cool as he believes he is."

That sounded a lot like a description of me. Suddenly I liked him. Then I read more about him and saw that he had a problem. He still had swag, but his case of erectile dysfunction kept him from sealing the deal with women like he used to.

When I looked at them again, Gabie had added a little extra umph to the sway of her hips knowing his eyes were glued to her ass once she passed by him. Her snug fitting pencil dress showed off her curvy ass perfectly. Bobby Ray was now studying the outline of her panties. Not that I blame him because she is definitely fine. He then looked to his right at his co-worker Marvin and said. "I love how part of her booty cheeks are hanging out of her draws. What style panties do you think she's wearing, bikinis or hipsters?"

Marvin had a blank look on his face. "I don't know anything about women's underclothes," he responded. "But whatever kind Gabie is wearing, they aren't big enough for all of that ass of hers, that's for sure."

OK, so at that point I knew she liked older men, and he had a high opinion of her ass. But I needed Bobby Ray to say he wanted to fuck her, and I needed her to say she wanted to give him some poontang. That way I'd have a valid excuse to tell Saint Peter, if I got pinched while meddling in their lives. I'd be able to say to him, "I'm giving Bobby Ray the ability to do something he otherwise wouldn't have been able to do. And I'm making it possible for Gabie to get some dick that she wanted."

In order to get Bobby Ray to talk, I decided to inhabit his sidekick Marvin's body for a few minutes. A moment later as I entered his body through his backdoor he yelped and said, "Holy shit, what was that?" He put his hand over his pucker, then looked to his left, his right, and behind him. Obviously he was confused by whatever had just happened to him.

I'll admit I enjoyed his reaction. After he somewhat regrouped, I directed him to bump fists with Bobby Ray before saying, "She sure is pretty with her big boned self. I wouldn't mind tapping that. Do you think anybody is hitting it?"

Bobby Ray poked out his bottom lip, as though doing that helped him think. He then looked into my eyes, well technically they were Marvin's eyes, regardless, he was very serious when he said, "She's fine and she knows it, man. But the thing I like most about her is she's as friendly and down to earth as she is fine." He then twisted his mouth to one side before he kept speaking, "I wouldn't be surprised if she's not getting dick at all. She's too slick to let a pussy hound talk her out of her draws with sweet-talk. Unfortunately for her, the kind of man she wants is already married, or he's already got more pussy available to him than he can handle."

After thinking about it for a second I had Marvin nod his head in agreement, then say, "Hm, I'd drop one of my girls for a minute if I could get some of that though." 

Bobby Ray scoffed at the possibility of Marvin pulling her. "Shit, I don't think you'd be willing to put in the time it would take to get into her panties," he opined. "You'd have to earn her trust first, and a pussy hound like you doesn't have time for that. It takes an O G like me to get in her draws."

They bumped fists again and the conversation died off, but Bobby Ray had a wistful look on his face. So I read his thoughts.

"If my dick still worked like it used to, I'd tear that pussy of hers out the frame," was what he was thinking.

That was close enough to him saying he wanted to get it on with her. At that time I made my decision to go back to heaven and get Charlie. 

~

Charlie applied for a temporary pass to come visit me in purgatory, which earned him a strange look from the clerk as you would expect. I don't think they get a lot of request for an average everyday angel wanting to leave heaven.

About an hour later Charlie was on my cloud with me, watching as Gabie opened the front door to her place. We saw her thoughts as well as watched her actions as she stood in front of her full length mirror. She was fantasizing that Bobby Ray was watching her throughout the scene that unfolded during the next little while. 

When she stepped out of her dress I said to Charlie, "Her bio says she's five feet ten and one hundred and seventy five pounds, but it doesn't say what the measurements of her hourglass figure are. I'm guessing its 40-30-40. What do you think they are?"

Charlie smirked and smiled before he responded, "Her big titties are triple-d if I remember correctly, but I'm afraid I can't help you with her measurements," he said.

I laughed before I made a wisecrack saying, "That must have been one powerful bra she was wearing, for it to be able to hold them so high on her chest. The thing I really like though, is her flat stomach and small waistline, along with her big ass and thick thighs."

She looked at herself in her bra and panties, before tossing her big bra onto her bed. Then she massaged her huge titties, while also twisting and pulling her nipples. She even moaned and talked to them. "You girls have needed that all day haven't you? Y'all are such attention whores, getting hard when men look at you," she said.

When I looked at Charlie he chuckled and said, "She likes sex."

She then looked down at the bulge she made in her panties, and this time I had a goofy looking grin on my face. "She sure has a fat cat down there," I said. 

When she grasped her lower lips between her thumb and forefinger and gave them a squeeze, I absent-mindedly stroked my cock a few times before I realized it.

I was sweating bullets by the time she turned her big ass to the mirror and squeezed one ass cheek and then the other, while she looked over her shoulder and smiled at her reflection. "Men love you girl," she said to her ass. "They want to cup you and caress you, kiss and bite you. Some of them even want to stick their dick in you." Her nasty talk made her giggle. 

She then slid off her undies and revealed the dense hair on her mons and the thickness of her outer labia. I almost shot my wad when she brought them to her nose to sniff them. 

Charlie was grinning from ear to ear.

Normally, sniffing panties isn't my thing, but I wanted to take a whiff of them. Fortunately for me I wasn't in a position to act on that impulse.

I forgot all about it when she laid on her bed and spread her legs wide, completely exposing her pussy. What a beautiful sight it was. Her nest of dark curly pubic hair surrounded a large clit and thick set of pussylips that were slightly parted due to her arousal. As a result the pink flesh just inside the opening to her vagina was clearly visible.

She used her vibe on her little man in the boat, while routing around in her pink pussy with her fingers to get herself off quickly. 

After she was done she took one more look at her naked body in the mirror before heading into the bathroom to wash her coochie. 

At that point, I shutoff the monitor.

~

The next morning Marvin and Bobby Ray were manning their usual girl watching post when I looked at Charlie and laughed. "What a pair of pervs they are. They're as bad as you and me," I said.

Just then Gabie arrived for work. She smiled her biggest smile at Bobby Ray and Marvin on the way to her office. "Hm, my favorite man is looking at me first thing this morning," she thought. I'll bet his morning wood came back as soon as he saw my ass."

After reading her thoughts I knew it was now time for Charlie to occupy Bobby Ray's body. "All you have to do is choose an orifice as the entry point you will use to enter him," I explained. "It could be an eye, a nostril, his mouth, an ear or his bunghole. Once you've chosen the portal, you simply need to visualize yourself inside of him."

When Gabie was walking by the guard shack's window at lunchtime, Charlie instigated Bobby Ray getting her attention. A moment later she walked into his office and lit up the room with her smile. "Hey mister, how are you?" she asked, before biting her bottom lip. 

"I'm alright, Ms Acuna," responded Bobby Ray, while taking in every inch of her ample frame. "Are you having a good day so far?" he asked as he stood, then reached across his desk to shake her hand. His gesture made her giggle, as she grasped his hand firmly and held it for a moment. Charlie could sense Bobby Ray's arousal even though his cock didn't get all the way hard. 

Even at half mast his pole had caused an impressive tent in his pants. Gabie's gaze was drawn to the bulge in his crotch like a moth to a flame. After looking at his growing cock for a moment, she bit her bottom lip and responded. "Yes sir. In fact it's getting even better. How's yours?" she asked in a suggestive manner.

Bobby Ray's eyes followed hers down to his bulge. He then looked at her again and was about to speak when Charlie took control. He knew exactly how to approach her. "Look here girl, I don't mean any harm, so please don't take this the wrong way. But I think you're fine as cat hair, and, ah rah, I want to lick you from head to toe. Perhaps we can talk about it over dinner at Mary's Pub after work on Friday evening."

Gabie's eyes sparkled like stars in a summer night's sky. She used to love it when Charlie was aggressive like that, and she liked hearing it coming from Bobby Ray. She inhaled deeply, then exhaled before she responded. "Hm, that sounds interesting. You have a date," she said, then bit her bottom lip before continuing. "There is a lot of me to lick. It could take you all night to do that. Now please excuse me, I have to go pickup my lunch. We'll talk later about Friday evening."

Once she left the office, Charlie exited Bobby Ray's body then smiled at me.

~

Friday morning, Bobby Ray and Marvin were in their usual spots ready to watch the parade of women walking into the building. There were all sizes, shapes, and hues, but none were finer than the curves of Gabie Acuna. She walked by the guard shack with a glance, a wave, and a smile directed at them. 

At lunchtime Gabie stopped by Bobby Ray's office to plan the date. They agreed to take separate cars to eliminate any awkwardness at the end of the evening. Gabie could hardly contain her emotions as they talked. She had begun to think that perhaps Bobby Ray thought she was too young for him, but at long last she'd gotten his attention. She couldn't believe she'd be meeting him after work, and regardless of what they agreed upon, she was anticipating fucking him before the night was over.

Charlie and I were waiting for them at the pub. I explained to him that I wanted him to help Bobby Ray talk openly about his problem with his dick. Maybe we could help him come to grips with his situation. If it didn't work Charlie could still take charge and get Gabie into bed.

Charlie assured me that Gabie would know what to do if Bobby Ray confided in her.

At seven p m they arrived. Charlie entered Bobby Ray while he and Gabie were being seated on the patio. Gabie ordered iced tea and Bobby Ray ordered a glass of cold milk per Charlie's instruction.

"There was a time I would have taken a double shot of scotch in this glass of milk," Bobby Ray reminisced, even though that was something he'd actually never done. But of course, Charlie had.

Gabie raised an eyebrow when memories of Charlie pouring a double shot of good scotch into a glass of milk flashed before her. "Why did you stop doing that?" she asked, with a hint of emotion.

"I don't need anything working against my erection at this point in my life," he replied, though he didn't understand why he was being so open. "My dick still works but...," he started to say.

"Aw, it's OK, I understand," she responded, in a comforting manner. 

"That's exactly what Charlie used to say," she thought. 

"My late companion used to pop E D pills like breath mints and he never had a problem keeping it up," she added. "As a matter of fact I still have his old ones."

"I've heard about those too," Bobby Ray replied. "But I don't want to talk with anybody about my problems with my dick either not getting hard or not staying hard. As a matter of fact I don't know why I'm talking about it with you right now."

At that point I had Charlie back off and let Bobby Ray be himself. I wanted to see what he'd say now that Charlie had caused him to admit that his once proud pecker no longer performed at its peak.

Bobby Ray suddenly felt more like his old self, but now he had a decision to make. He'd been aware of the things he'd said, and now he could try to walk it back or go for it. Being the O G he is he went for it. "So tell me," he said. "Knowing what you know about older men, why do you like fucking them?"

"I've been interested in grown men since I was a teenager, and my daddy's friends would look at me like a pack of wolves look at their prey," she answered honestly. "I never forgot how it made me feel inside, but I was intimidated by y'all throughout my teens and twenties. I doubted that anyone your age would pay any attention to me, since in my mind older men knew so much about life, and I knew so little."

Once I was in my thirties I was no longer intimidated, but I didn't offer it to anyone your age, and nobody asked me until Charlie did.

Just then the server stopped by to deliver their food. A Salad with grilled shrimp for her, and a lobster tail with a baked potato for him.

"You're not eating very much," he observed.

"I like to graze," she said with a giggle. "It's still early."

"At least you're honest and not trying to pretend that's all you're going to eat tonight," he said admiring her comfort with herself.

"I didn't get these big titties and this huge ass by not eating," she said with a laugh.

Bobby Ray laughed out loud at her honesty. "I definitely don't want you to lose any of that big fine ass," he said with a smirk.

"You like my ass Huh?" she questioned. "If you've seen one ass, you've seen them all haven't you?"

"I'll let you know once I've seen yours," he replied.

After Bobby Ray paid for the food, and Gabie left the tip, they walked to their cars together. When they reached hers, Gabie paused for a moment before giving Bobby Ray a peck on the lips. "If you agree to take a couple of Charlie's E D pills I'll let you follow me home, and you can evaluate my ass," she said as she climbed into her car.

Bobby Ray had already planned to ask her if she'd share her boyfriend's dick hardening pills with him, so he quickly said, "You have a deal."

~

A half hour later they were at hers. I crammed myself into the body of a fly and flew into her place when she opened the door to go inside. You guessed it; I wanted to assume my favorite position for watching. But it was also more than that, not only did I want to see everything; I wanted to smell the musk from the heat in their loins. What better creature to accomplish that than a fly?

They got down to business as soon as they got situated. I could feel my fly cock already becoming erect as I perched on a wall watching her undress. When she tossed her clothes on a chair it just so happened that her panties were lying on top of the pile with the panel exposed. 

As a fly I could smell a mix of her body wash, a hint of her perfume, the residue from a few trips to the potty, her natural musk, and the evidence of arousal on the gusset of her panties. God almighty did I ever want to light on those draws and drop a load of eggs on them. Unfortunately I had to refrain from doing that, as it would have put the life of the fly in jeopardy in an effort to get a cheap thrill.
