 Author's Note: Story requested by KC55. Please check the tags before reading, or read the first one.

*****

"You have got to show us," Piper enthused when they stepped off the bus. The school gate loomed overhead, decrepit after so many years without a caretaker, sporting two ivy covered walls. Beyond it, the main building wasn't in much better condition. Piper couldn't exactly complain. Most schools would have removed her long ago after the incident, and with how often she openly masturbated. She pulled her hand from a cock, mentally chastising herself.

Sera glanced sideways at the triply endowed futa. The gorgeous Latina's cheeks were a faint shade of red, which spread down into her abundant cleavage, tinting her light, golden skin. It was impossible to resist staring at her chest, at least for Piper. Several buttons were undone, incapable of fitting over the daunting mounds, and the one that persevered barely clung to its other half. If her story was true, then a little arousal would pop it right off.

Oh, Piper wanted to see that. Images painted themselves in her mind, of Sera's huge tits spilling out of her bra, before the supposed dick-nipples snapped it clean off to cum endlessly into the air. She unconsciously licked her lips, eyes firmly planted on Sera's bust.

"Unless it makes you uncomfortable," Kelly stepped in, eyes silently reprimanding the tri-cocked futa.

"Right, but it doesn't, does it?" Piper persisted, "I mean, you wouldn't have told us all that if it did."

"Yeah," Jen piped in, sneakily leaning her head on Sera's shoulder. The former farm-girl was surprisingly short, not quite petite, but enough that her curves were vastly more pronounced. She jerked away with a stifled yelp at the contact, "Sorry. But you can't just tell something like that and keep it hidden."

"Five dicks," Helen murmured, eyes cast far away as if seeing an entirely different view from the depressingly boring school building.

"Think of all the fun we could have," Piper beamed.

"I, uh..." Sera gulped, "I don't have a problem with it, but, um, you're just really open. It's kind of weird."

"How so?" Piper blinked and glanced around at her friends, looking for confirmation.

"You're serious?" Kelly asked dryly.

"No, I get it," Piper shrugged and glanced down at her three-pronged crotch. Her hand stoked along the bulges in her shirt, "Not like it's something I can hide. Just gotta embrace it. You'd be surprised how many people don't really mind them."

"Like that barista?" Jen grinned.

"Oh, her," Piper sighed dreamily, "When I asked if I could put my pre-cum in the coffee, I didn't think she'd get it herself."

"What kind of place is this?" Sera wondered, staring between the two in confusion.

"The fun kind, I suppose," Kelly shrugged. They stepped through into the main reception. The sole woman who manned the station briefly glanced up from her phone, smiled only at Piper, then returned to ignoring the students. Other staff members passed them in the hallways, with several of the female teachers pausing to greet Piper. The men kept their gaze harshly ahead of them.

"She's fucked just about everyone woman in school," Kelly explained for Sera's benefit.

"Oh god," Sera groaned, "This might've been a bad idea." She added under her breath.

"What's a bad idea?" Piper inquired.

"Nothing," Sera sighed, "Isn't this our first class?" She inquired at a door marked '34B'.

"Oh, yeah, it is. I'll see you guys at lunch." Piper walked inside, waved to her teacher and took a seat towards the back of the room. The sole open seat was sat beside her. By process of elimination, that would be Sera's seat. Several more girls greeted Piper, always finding a way to brush along her steadily dampening shirt. Her dripping pricks were almost visible through the white garment.

Piper leaned back into her chair. Her lips were slightly pouted, as if pronouncing a constant moan. Pre-cum drooled down her chest and stomach, steadily soaking into her top and leaking into the band of her skirt. She kept her chin raised and eyes on her the chalkboard, with a notebook splayed out in front of her. Pen in hand, she almost resembled the average student, were it not for the ostentatious bulges that stretched against her progressively drenched shirt.

The white fabric grew increasingly see-through as the lesson progressed. Piper grinned as she noticed the near-customary glances aimed at her, though a particular gaze caught her eye. She tilted her head to peer at Sera, naturally dragging her vision across the gorgeously endowed Latina's figure.

"Piper," the male educator groaned. Piper blinked and looked down, only then noticing that she'd freed one of her choices of dick. Her fingers gripped it in turn, moving like a pianist across her left cock. Rivers fresh, sticky and slimy pre-cum surged from the tip and spilled across her hand, onto her skirt and the chair below. The purple head glistened wetly. 

"Hmm? Oh! Sorry," Piper giggled and clapped the mischievous hand onto her desk, though that only succeeded in staining it with her pre-cum. She winked at Sera, who seemed flabbergasted by the reaction. All that Piper could offer was another shrug. It was perfectly normal for her, at least in school and at home. She doubted anyone could walk around with a permanent hard-on and not masturbate it. Let alone three eighteen-inch dicks.

"Piper!" The teacher snapped.

"Sorry," Piper quickly shoved her hands under her rear, lest she lose track and keep masturbating. Several of the girls groaned in disappointment, though a warning glare from their instructor silenced them. It wasn't his fault that he seemed so uptight; jealous men constantly have to prove themselves superior in some way or another. In his defence, Piper made any man or futa seem inadequate.

Though Sera supposed had her beat in cum production. Something that she was more than eager to explore. At an appropriate time of course. Even with the level of understanding most afforded her, even Piper couldn't get away with instigating sex in public view, at least when the authority involved didn't approve. She squirmed atop her hands as she recalled the 'cooler' lessons.

Nothing beat having a teacher give the green light to start fucking during class. Especially when it involved said teacher. Piper glimpsed her cocks, two still held captive in her utterly soaked shirt and the third openly throbbing and spitting slimy pre-cum. She snuck a glance at Sera, catching the Latina openly staring at her in a mix of shock and lust. It seemed that today would be difficult.

Her free cock jerked abruptly and launched a volley of pre. It splashed heavily over her notebook, seeping into the pages and ruining her meagre attempts at notes. Very difficult, Piper amended in her head.

"Hey Piper, how was cla..."

"No talk! Bathrooms! Must fuck!" Piper announced upon meeting up with Jen, Helen and Kelly. The three were swept up in her nigh-palpable aura of lust, matching her stride. Piper tore through her shirt, allowing her trio of pulsating dicks to bob freely in time with her long strides. Behind them, Sera scurried along. Her chest looked strangely pointed, like something was tenting her bra. Not that Piper dwelled on it for long as she barged into the women's restroom.

"Bend over or get out!" Piper shouted, though there was no reply, "Good." Jen hung a pre-prepared sign - one that read; 'Piper's Special Time' - on the door, then locked it, before turning back around to see her sister already sucking on Piper's pre-cum slathered scrotum. Saliva coated the submissive teen's face in a matter of seconds, her slovenly technique as messy as ever. Jen quickly joined them, taking one of Piper's cocks in hand, while her other found its way between Helen's delectable ass cheeks.

The step-siblings and Piper moaned in unison as Jen took a cock past her succulent lips. Her cheeks turned convex and she audibly suckled on it, head slowly bobbing to and fro. Inch after inch slid across her energetic tongue, gradually pushing down her famished gullet, which clenched in defiance before it was cowed under Piper's inexorable prick. Saliva flowed fast and heavy from Jen's lips, while her hands slid across the increasingly slimy shaft.

Helen buried her mouth and nose in Piper's scrotum. The mixture of sweat, pussy and pre-cum saturated the loose flesh. They sloshed heavily with a heavy load, built up over a period of three classes, all more tortuous than the last. Piper unconsciously thrust her hips, scrubbing her swollen quartet of balls across Helen's tongue and cheeks. Her cock pushed between the submissive teen's hands, spitting translucent pre-cum along the way.

Kelly soon joined the lot and gulped down Piper's untended prick. Even amongst Piper's prolific lovers, she was the most frequent, often joining Piper during weekends when the futa's parents were visiting relatives, or when she simply desired to fuck. Kelly's experience shone through as her nose mashed into the tri-futa's crowded groin. Slight wisps of pubic hair tickled her nose. She moved her fingers beyond Piper's crowded sack and teased her hidden lips.

Piper, meanwhile, merely let her body fall into its natural role. Her hands traversed her body, lingering at her tits to cup and pull on her rigid peaks, though they were a poor substitute for Sera's enormous bosom, before she settled on Jen and Kelly's heads to guide them across her eighteen-inch poles. They moaned at her touch and gagged when she pulled too hard. Their eyes never separated from the futa's.

"This is insane..." Sera whispered from the locked door, behind which muffled groans of annoyance could be heard. The group didn't so much as glance back at her, too caught up in their own pleasure. A pleasure that seemed to solely originate from Piper. The futa was completely relaxed, as if this were an everyday occurrence for her.

"Aren't you gonna join in, Sera?" Kelly rasped in a brief window of freedom, before her lust and Piper's hand forced her mouth full of cock once more. The Latina glanced between them all, unable to decide which section of this insanity to focus on.

"Don't think about it," Piper cooed, turning her half-lidded eyes to her, "Makes things less fun." She shot a glance toward the step-sisters, as something popped wetly from their bodies. The plugs from that morning rolled away, trailing the still thick, slimy jizz behind them.

"Y-yeah," Sera nodded and started unbuttoning her shirt, attracting Piper's full attention. Each button undone revealed an inch of gorgeous, golden cleavage, which overflowed from a plain blue brassier as if squeezed too tight. The flesh almost seemed like it was trying to devour the underwear. A blunt shape poked against the insides, yet still it was overly snug.

Another button was unclasped. The sudden released caused Sera's abundant chest to jiggle and made the bulges twitch on their own. They became longer, a slight dip forming in the fabric as it was stretched further. Sera hastily removed the rest and reached back, grunting as she strained to undo her bra.

The foursome paused as they all turned to watch. Jen and Kelly still kept their mouths stuffed with cock, while Helen's face remained buried in Piper's sack, who gawked in blatant lust as Sera's naked torso was revealed. Breasts on par with basketballs sat proudly on her chest, barely sagging at all despite the unmistakable weight, and the impressive pair of shafts that extended from where her nipples should be.

"Oh my god, they're real," Piper giggled and clapped her hands excitedly. The movement bounced her heavy balls on Helen's face, though she only sighed at the sensation. She excitedly waved Sera over, then licked her lips as the abnormal futa's dick-nipples bobbed with her nervous steps, "Can't believe I'm meeting another futa."

"Well this is what we look like... uh, well, others are different but..." 

"Relax, sweetie," Piper pulled her around to the side, leaning down to put their faces mere inches apart, "Just do what comes naturally."

"I'm not a virgin," Sera huffed, "It's just... I've only done it with a couple of people and, uh, they're not like you."

"A three dicked futanari? Or seriously forward?" Piper tilted her head lower until their lips almost brushed against each other.

"A little of both, I guess," Sera murmured, then moaned as Piper's hands latched onto her nipples, stroking them as their breaths brushed against their lips.

"You'll have to tell me all about it," Piper gave her a fast peck, "After we have some fun that is."

"Yeah," Sera sighed and returned the favour, "But you seem pretty, uh, well-handled."

"I've got three dicks... and three viable holes," Piper winked, "Any requests?" She moved a bit lower, trailing her lips along Sera's neck, down to her collar.

"I'll, uh..." Sera breathed, offering her throat to the triply endowed futa, "Anywhere?"

"Of course," Piper grinned and nipped the Latina's skin, eliciting an airy gasp, "Pussy? Ass? Both? Or maybe just my mouth?"

"You really don't care?"

"I have more sex in a month than your average sorority slut does in a year. I'm cool with pretty much everything. Except scat... ugh."

"Agreed," Sera laughed and relaxed, leaning away from Piper to put their faces level once more, "I'll take both." 

"That's the spirit," Piper moaned, glancing down at her assortment of lovers. Helen had moved from the balls to the cock, taking advantage of Piper's distraction to deepthroat the impressive member. The other two simply continued as normal, seemingly trying to move in tandem but failed miserably. One took it to the hilt, the other came midway while Helen was stuck at the bloated head. Sera followed her eye, then reclaimed it as she kissed her.

The Latina moaned softly into her lips, tongue slipping out to find Piper's. Their slick muscles danced, swirling and lashing against each other. Saliva passed between them, new flavours waltzing across their taste buds. Piper sucked Sera's tongue past her lips and leaned back, pulling it with her. Ropes of spit hung between them as they openly tongued each other.

"I think," Sera panted when her oral muscle was released, "I want to get in on that." She nodded to the others that crowded Piper's crotch. Each cock was slathered in saliva now, practically dripping with the lewd slime. Fresh helpings coated them as the three asynchronously swallowed the trio of dicks, occasionally gagging as their uvula were practically crushed by Piper's shafts.

"It might be a little overcrowded," Piper sighed, biting her lower lip as her gut tightened with her burgeoning pleasure. It'd only be a minute longer and she'd cum from... she glanced to her left prick, which Kelly diligently throated without pause.

"I'm not really that into dick," Sera divulged as she crouched behind Piper, coming face to ass with the futa's pert cheeks, "Snatch and ass, on the other hand..."

"Oh shit!" Piper cried out as Kelly's cheeks bulged out and her throat bloated further. Cum rushed through the unusual futa's left cock, blazing across her nerve-endings before it erupted from her peak like a geyser. It poured into Kelly's stomach, filling the organ until it sloshed heavily and was swollen with her load. The shaft gradually flagged as her orgasm came to an end, slipping from Kelly's mouth to smack against Piper's knee. But its brethren remained hard as stone, their arousal already feeding into their fallen comrade.

Trickles of her fem-cum ran down her legs as her pussy also throbbed in pleasure. She gasped and looked back as Sera's hands grabbed her ass cheeks, pulling them open. The Latina's eyes widened as she ran her tongue across her lips, before leaning in to lap at the lightly puckered ring. Piper cooed and pressed her hips back.

"Oh man, that's nice," Piper breathed, then moaned as Kelly's lips found hers. The taste of cock and cum registered instantly, deliciously thick and lurid on her tongue as it explored her favoured lover's maw. Sera probed her anus deeper, pushing her own limber muscle as far as it would go. For someone so easily embarrassed, she was delightfully filthy, Piper thought and smiled into the kiss. She grabbed Kelly's ass and pulled her close.

"So, what's gonna happen here?" Kelly inquired, licking up a line of saliva from Piper's chin.

"I'm thinking we all fuck," Piper smirked.

"Well, duh. I want a bit more detail."

"I'm gonna fuck you three," Piper gave a slight thrust of her hips, her once flaccid member now semi-erect as it fed on the other's arousal, "At the same time, of course. And Sera, ooh, she's gonna put those gorgeous dick-nipples up my ass and pussy. I might actually go completely soft for once."

"Shame she's not like you," Kelly sighed, reaching between them to stroke Piper's swelling member, "It'd be hot for us all to get spit-roasted."

"I might be able to arrange that someday," Sera muttered, breath washing across Piper's slicked ass.

"What'd you mean?" Piper arched an eyebrow, before moaning as the Latina moved between her legs to kiss the triply endowed futa's underappreciated snatch.

"We can talk later," Sera moved in again, this time inhaling Piper's lust-fattened vulva.

"Ah! Damn straight," Piper moaned and bucked against her mouth, rubbing her nether lips along Sera's mouth, coating it in her juices. The futa returned to Kelly, groping her lush ass as they made out, growing sloppier by the second. Her next orgasm was mounting rapidly in her right-hand prick. She keenly felt it throb, eager to explode in ecstasy just like the first.

Sera's talented tongue plundered Piper's snatch, lapping at the sopping insides. Her hands, meanwhile, massaged the tri-futa's ass cheeks almost reverently, occasionally slipping between them to gently prod her moistened anus. Heat and bliss collided between her two holes, while her righthand cock seemed to rise like a wave. Higher and higher it built, until her quartet of testes clenched in their second release.

At the same time, her left dick sprung back to life between Kelly's legs. The teen closed her plush thighs around it, the fat and muscle gripping Piper's shaft tight as it pulsed against them. Jen buried every inch down her gullet as fresh cum inundated her still swollen gut, sending lustful ripples along the surface. Every beat of Piper's heart sent a gush of thick, sperm-dense jizz down Jen's oesophagus, almost directly into her belly. The powerful soon came to an end, yet the product was no less amazing.

Jen leaned back and cradled her enlarged gut as she licked a lingering drop from Piper's urethra. She dipped her tongue into the slit, lapping at the slight crevice and any remnants of her delicious climax. With such attention, Piper soon yelled again as her centre shaft followed suite and exploded down Helen's cum hungry throat.

Sera greedily enveloped Piper's snatch in her mouth, practically inhaling the spilling juices. Piper bucked against her, grinding her plump lips against the huge-breasted futa's lively tongue. As she came down, Kelly, Jen and Helen knelt in front of her. Their chests and faces were filthy, covered in a concoction of jizz, pre and their own spit. All breathed heavily, yet their eyes were focused on Piper's centre prick, watching it rise from its tragically brief slumber.

"We fuck now?" Kelly asked, leaning toward the left.

"Yeah," Piper gasped as Sera pulled away with wet smooch, "We fuck now."

Almost before the last word formed on her lips, the four took their positions. Jen, Kelly and Helen presented their asses to the futa, revealing their sopping, needy cunts and puckered stars. They didn't care which hole she chose, only that she fucked them. Fast. Meanwhile, Sera raised her more modest cocks, moaning hotly at the sensation, and pressed them into Piper's own holes.
