 I met Saphira when I was jogging in the park. I see her almost every day sitting at the wooden bench feeding small amount of crumbs to the pigeons on the ground. She was dressed in an all black cloak with a golden mask that was shaped of what I thought was a wolf head. And because she was so disguised I didn't know what gender she was either. One day I just decided to walk because if I continued jogging, I would never stop to say, "Hi". So I walk. When I came to the bench, I saw her sitting there with those cute (But disease invested) birds surrounding her feet for the crumbs she was dropping on the ground. 

Taking a deep breath, I walked over there accidentally scaring the pigeons away as I went to sit next to the anthromorph. I brought a brown bag with peanut butter and apple jelly and some Originals Chips. The anthromorph scooted over just a little politely giving me some space. 

"No, you're alright," I said. 

The anthromorph didn't turn her head. Either she didn't hear me or was ignoring me. I didn't fret. I just opened my bag and took out my sandwich in a ziplock bag. I took it out and took one nice bite out of it. Then I took out a strawberry Capri sun, tore the plastic off, and punctured the top with it. I put the straw in my month and sucked up the cool liquid that refreshed my mind and my body. 

I turned to the anthromorph whose golden wolf mask did not stray away from the birds she was feeding. I looked down at my sandwich and took a deep breath. Then I scoot a little over, not close, but close enough for the anthromorph to turn her head. 

"Hi," I greet reaching out my hand, "my name is Carey. Carey Rebowski." The anthromorph looked down at my open hand and then back at my smiling but nervous face. Then she turned back to the pigeons without saying a word (I don't know if they talk or not). I looked down at the pigeons picking at the ground covered in crumbs. I didn't want to give up so I tried again. "I was wondering what anthromorph are you," the anthromorph froze like it was hit with a tranquilizer, "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude or anything. I've been watching you ever since I came to the park. I don't know if you've noticed me but I'm the blonde chick that jogs by every day," The anthromorph turned back to me. I admit, the golden mask was sort of intimidating, "I thought it was time for one of us to meet for once." 

The anthromorph looked me up and down as if trying to figure out what the deal was. Then it turned back to the pigeons. 

I looked down at the pigeons circling around on the ground scavenging for food. I never fed animals before. I reached into my ziplock bag and tore a piece of my sandwich and crumbled it up to little sticky pieces, then threw them on the ground in the middle of the crowd of birds. Like a group of lions tackling each other over to get too a lamb, the pigeons fought over my sandwich. 

I chuckled. "Funny, it seems that they like bread with a little flavor than bread without." 

That did it for the anthromorph. It jumped up off the bench with quickness. Watching it get away from me so unexpectantly told me I have offended her. Either that or I ruined the one special thing that made her happy in life. But I wasn't going to just let it go so easily. I put all my snacks in my bag and jogged after it. 

"Wait," I cry. I saw the thing turn its golden head back and turn forward to her destination. She must've saw me coming, "please, wait." I finally caught up with it by blocking its path. "Listen, I'm sorry of what I did back there," I apologized breathing hard, "I was just trying to make conversation that's all." The anthromorph tried to get past me but I kept blocking its way hoping it wasn't going to pick me up and throw me across the park or worse, into the street. "Just hear me out okay?" The anthromorph did like I asked and stood there. I can tell by the way its cloak was moving up and down that it was breathing hard and probably getting frustrated. I had to say what I had to say and hope for the best. "Listen, I know that you are a little upset with me. But I want you to know that I am not here to cause any trouble. I just saw you there feeding the birds and I thought maybe you are in need of a friend?" The anthromorph tilted its golden head as if I was speaking in another language. Then it returned to its normal position. "All I'm asking if you just give me a chance. Just this one day, then you can make your decision if you want to get the hell away from me or not. Deal?" I reached out my hand hoping it would shake it. Or did they not understand that? "I promise you I won't stir you wrong." 

The anthromorph looked down at my opened hand and back at me. It reached out its hand and shook mine lightly. For some reason its hand felt different. The anthromorphs I used to see on the news or in documentaries have big hands, especially the males. I would think that its hand would be heavier, stronger. When it shook my hand it felt light. 

After intense persuasion and verbal agreement I felt a rumbling in my stomach. I only took one bite of my sandwich, but it did nothing to curve my appetite. 

"Are you hungry?" I asked. "I am. I'm ready to get something to eat, how about you?" The anthromorph stared at me for a few seconds and then nodded. Things were coming together just like I planned. "Follow me," I said with a delighted smile, "I know this great fried chicken place. You do eat fried chicken don't you?" 

We sat at the table in the middle of the fast food joint, "The Chicken Box", eating a bucket of chicken of mostly breasts and drums. There were a lot of people staring at us, but I think they were staring at the anthromorph more. 

"So tell me," I spoke, "what do you like to be called?" 

The anthromorph stopped eating. It took a napkin and unfolded it. It took one glove off and me and everybody in the fast food joint got a chance to see her furry, dark grey, hand and claws. Using its claws, it started cutting into the napkin. After it was done it slid the torn napkin to me. I looked down at the napkin and back at it. 

"Saphira?" The anthromorph nodded correcting me. A smile spread across my face so wide my clean, rows, of white teeth were showing. "That name is so rad. I wish my parents was that creative." 

Of course Saphira ignored me and kept eating. 

The night was young and I convinced Saphira to come join me at my place. Amazingly she agreed. We were walking down the street and it was pretty dark. I guess I let the time slip away from me. 

We were on our way to my house when suddenly something appeared from around the corner. I nearly jumped out of my skin when I saw a cloaked figure and a golden wolf mask appeared out of nowhere. At first I thought Saphira teleported somehow, but when I turned to see if she was right behind me, she was there! I turned back to the other wolf figure. There were two of them. But I realize there was a difference between the two. The one we bumped into was taller and wide. I glanced at both of them staring at each other while I was caught in the middle. 

Finally the tall wolf walked passed me and Saphira. How many were there? I noticed Saphira still staring at the tall wolf from behind. Almost thought it was going to go after the other one. But when it still stood and watch, I finally spoke after getting over my heart jumping. 

"Come on Saphira. Let's go." 

Saphira did like I said and we continued on the way to my house. 

Everything was running smoothly until we passed by an alley where a couple of thugs came out of nowhere like roaches scuttling out of a crack in the wall. 

"Look what we have here boys," when I heard that plural word, "Boys", my heart began to race, "we have one of those anthrofreaks hanging out with one of our kind." 

I heard Saphira growl a little and was about to turn and confront the thugs, but I grabbed her arm holding her study before she did something we both regret. "Don't look back," I warned, "just ignore them and keep going." 

By the way I was struggling with Saphira's arm, she was ready to turn around and pounce on those idiots. I took a quick glance behind me just to see how many were there and turned back. Shit! There were five of them. Four of them where white and one African-American. The one with the due rang was smiling balefully, I can tell by the way he was doing all the talking he was probably the leader. 

My heart was racing. I knew I had to stay calm. I don't know what type of beast Saphira was (Kind or vicious), but if the shit really went down, I can bet my money she would turn around and give the five thugs what for. But what if she gets over powered? How strong was she really? And if she failed, what chance will I have to save both of us? 

"Hey lady," The leader called cruelly, "are you gonna stop and talk to us? We just want to be a friends that's all." 

"I think they are ignoring you Joe?" Another grudgy voice spoke that sent a strong shiver down my spine. 

I didn't have to glance at Saphira's golden wolf mask to tell that she really wanted to turn around and slash each and one of their eyeballs out. But I didn't want any trouble. We were just a few blocks from my place. Maybe there was a stopping point to their harassment? Just a few more blocks. 

"I don't think they hear you Joe?" One of the men suggested. 

"Nah brah, their just being rude." Another (who seemed like the African-American) said. "Hey you two bitches? We talk'in to you. When we speak, you stop, turn around and listen!" 

That's when I heard a smash right beside me. Saphira fell forward and I had no choice but to turn and gasp as glass (Of what looked like a used beer bottle) shattered upside the back of Saphira's cloaked head. 

It was obvious that the thugs were not going to let us get a few blocks before they were done with us. I backed up while Saphira growled furiously and turned to the five thugs that backed up hearing the baleful growl. 

"Bitch," The leader spoke reaching into his pocket and taking out a switchblade as big as my hand, "you may have claws, but let's see how sharp they are to my friend, Old Sarah." 

For someone to give their weapon a name had to be crazy. 

We should've run instead of stopped because the men spread out surrounding us. I spotted one man holding a big, silver, and heavy chain. I've seen a movie once on a thug similar to these using the same weapon of choice on an opponent. It was brutal as well as bloody. Lord knows what the other three had. How in the hell were we going to get through this? 

The only thing I could do was reach inside my purse and find my pepper spray, but unless they were going to let me get close enough to spray them in the eyes, the situation was going to be very difficult. Then there was Saphira. If I know a little about wolves, they were just as dangerous alone as well as in a pack. So I had that looking forward too. But will she be strong enough to take on all five of them with different choices of weaponry? 

"Before we get started, why don't you be a sport and take off that mask so we can see what you truly look like?" The leader asked sarcastically even though he was really serious. 

"Look we don't want any trouble okay," I said trying to calm the situation which I knew was pointless. You can't talk crazy out of being crazy, "we don't want to hurt anybody. All we were doing was going on our way home." 

The leader glanced at his friends and they all chuckled. "Well shit then. I guess you two unlucky love birds made a wrong turn." 

Realizing it was pointless I prepared for the worst. I don't know about Saphira, but if I was going to go down, I was going to go down fighting. 

The men closed in on us. The man visibly swings the heavy chain as he moved in close. I was so freaked out that I didn't even notice my heart racing. 

While the men were closing in ready to send us to our doom, I turned to the leader and spotted someone or something he or his other friends didn't notice. It started with a loud growl that made everybody turn in his direction. Even the leader quickly turned behind him after hearing the animalistic noise. Standing behind him was the anthromorph wearing the same golden wolf mask as Saphira. Like something out of a Jason Voorhies film, it snuck up on the leader (And all of us who also didn't see it coming), but before the leader could react he got a really good wallop straight in the face by the beast. The leader fell back shaking the dizziness off and rubbing the soreness off his face. He looked up in stared in shock. Then turned to look at Saphira realizing they were wearing the same mask. 

"What the hell is this, some type of family reunion or someth'in?" The leader said angrily. "It doesn't matter. I'll kill you and your little sister or brother and we can have the bitch that was dumb enough to hang with you two. Maybe some little penal persuasion will make her realize what side she's on." 

Even though he was talking out of his ass, it didn't take a genius to figure out he was talking about gang rape. 

"Get'em boys!" The leader cried and the other four men did exactly like he ordered. 

The one with the heavy chain charged first. I guess he figured if he hit her or trap her, he would hold her down while the others take care of the rest. He started swinging the chain fast over his head and threw it at her like a whip. Saphira rose up her arm to block the attack, but the chain wrapped around her wrist. I don't know what the dude was thinking but whatever his plan was, it didn't work. It looked like he was playing tug of war with the she beast, but he lost the fight. Saphira was much stronger. With one arm, she pulled the thug over to her where she grabbed him by the waist and threw him to the side. 

The third thug was going to run up behind her. I couldn't allow that. Not after I tried so hard gaining Saphira's trust. I ran up beside the man taking the pepper spray out of my purse and spraying him straight dead in the eye. I made damn sure it covered his whole face. He screamed bloody murder as he tried to wipe the poison from his eyes, nose, and mouth. 

The fourth guy tried to get his turn. He came at Saphira with a crowbar raised high in his hand. When he was close enough to bring the steel weapon down on her, Saphira dodged it with ease. Then the man tried to swing across in a haymaker. Saphira ducked low enough that he missed. He didn't give up though. Neither did Saphira. He kept swinging the crowbar trying (More like hoping) to hit some part of Saphira. But he couldn't come close. Saphira had enough. She came back by hitting him in the chest with the palm of her gloved hand. Then with her pawed feet, kicked him in the abdomen making him bend down. Once his balled head was exposed, Saphira gave him a strong smack on the center of his head. The sound reverberated in the air. The man turned angry and began to charge at Saphira, but with incredible fast skill, twirled out of the way then did a move I never saw coming. She jumped and with her strong, furry grey, legs wrapped them around his knees bending them forward and making the hot headed thug fall face first onto the pavement. Saphira quickly got up and grabbed his right arm, twisted it and wrapped it around his back while using one hand to press his bald head down on the pavement. 

"Get off me," the bald headed man demanded, "I said get the fuck off me you freak!" 

I don't know if that made Saphira more angry or uncaring. Her golden, wolf, mask was still on during the whole debacle, but she moved her head down closing onto the bald thug's ear and started growling. With all her strength, she squeezed the man's wrist so tight, he must've felt one of her grip touch the nerve of the bone. The man cried out in agony. 

"Okay, okay," The bald thug begged, "I'll leave you alone. Just don't break anything okay?" 

Saphira let the thug go and he ran off. I was so distracted by Saphira's heroism that I forgot about the other thug I sprayed with pepper spray. He came at Saphira in top speed with a war cry. Being an anthromorph, Saphira must've heard him come miles away, because she turned and grabbed hold of his wrist. She squeezed so hard that the man gasped, and then she twisted his arm around followed by a strong slap across the face. Saphira did a move I didn't know anthromorphs were accustomed to. Probably learned some martial arts before she became who she was today? 

Still holding onto the man's twisted wrist, Saphira turned in a quick motion and pulled the man's arm over her shoulder. I thought she was going to break his arm. Hell he deserved it. Instead, with her right foot as leverage she flipped the poor dude over her shoulder and fell hard on the pavement. I didn't know if he was out or not (Probably not), but he sure as hell was going to be sore in the morning. 

One of his friends who Saphira threw first came by and helped his buddy up and they quickly ran off. 

I turned and there was only one more to deal with. The leader. 

"Come back here you pussies!" The leader yelled in anger. But his friends ignored him. They realized they were two experienced and two strong to deal with even if they were outnumbered. "Man, fuck them," The leader said holding the long switchblade in his hand, "I may not get all of you, but I'm sure as hell gonna do some damage." 

Has anyone ever told him that pride was one of the 7 deadly sins? 

The leader tried to bum rush the tall anthromorph with the golden wolf mask but he stepped out of the leader's way as he came down to stab him in his gut. After his first miss, the leader did not quit. He kept swinging the blade around trying to hit the anthromorph but kept missing every slash. Finally, the anthromorph caught his wrist and twisted it holding it in both hands. The leader squealed in pain as he felt the strength of the beast taking full control of his arm. 

"Let go of me you fuck'in freak!" The leader demanded. 

The wolf anthromorph did like the leader demanded with one exception. It twisted his wrist so hard to the point where the leader had no choice but to drop the blade. The wolf let the leader go who was now pissed off. 

"You know what?" The leader said now putting up his fist in a fighting stance. "I don't need a weapon to take care of you. You're just one of those whack ass freaks that think you can take over our lives anytime you want. Well I got another thing for ya. I'm never going to become like you freaks. NEVER!" 

Three things could have been wrong with this dude. Either he came at them drunk as hell and had no idea what the hell he was doing. He is so consumed by pride that he would not back down no matter how big or strong his opponent was. Or he was just plain stupid. Either way, it was still entertaining to watch. 

"Come on you freak," The leader urged, "Show me what you got!" 

The leader ran up on the tall wolf and uppercutted him in the gut. The wolf didn't even flinch. It just stared down at him like it was wondering what the hell he was trying to accomplish. The leader kept upper cutting it until the wolf got fed up and slapped him across the cheek. 

The leader wiped away the soreness on his left cheek and decided to try again. This time he aimed at the golden mask no matter how hard it would feel. Even though it was pointless, the wolf was not going to allow this. He kept dodging every punch he could throw at him and couldn't land a hit. Finally, the wolf got tired and caught his fist in the palm of his hand. Then he squeezed it so hard that the leader cried out in agony. He even fell on one knee as if the wolf was controlling every nerve in his body like a puppet. Once the wolf got him in the position it wanted, it gave him one big strong punch across the face. The man must've been drunk because the force of the punch was so strong; the leader was knocked out cold. 
