 [Sorry this one took so long to complete. I've noticed that I have to finish my stories completely before posting, and I didn't really have an ending to this when I wrote this years ago. Hopefully it was worth the wait. BTW -- I know garbage men don't usually work at midnight -- please allow me this small conceit!]

*

Sitting next to Steve in the Opera House, Lori Sanders crossed her shapely legs unhappily and waited for the intermission to end. She hadn't paid much attention to the performance - her mind kept wandering back to the events following her disastrous shopping trip. Her plans were a bust. After bringing her new clothes back to her apartment, she quickly headed to the bedroom to change, and she found that there were no clothes in the bag! They had disappeared somewhere along the way back home - where and when, she didn't know. She wondered why hadn't she noticed the change in weight, and if she should have worn the clothes at the mall in the first place.

There were many questions but only one real answer: the genie's magic. No matter what she would think of logically it wouldn't amount to anything since she was up against the wildest of cards. What could she do against something she didn't understand at? All she knew was that she was royally screwed. Fucking genie, she cursed silently.

So she put on the new tight, black, lacey, and revealing one-piece cocktail dress that was waiting for her in the closet after taking another shower. Again, it showed off all of her natural assets; it had too much cleavage in the front, a too short hem-line that barely covered her pussy, and a v-shaped opening at the back that plunged all the way down to the crack of her pert rear end - all held together by thin spaghetti-straps upon her shoulders.

Steve loved the dress and brightened up considerably after picking up the stunning blonde. Normally Lori dressed and acted so conservatively and demure - now she was the exact opposite! Her sexy strapless high-heels and classy-yet-naughty dress only amplified her natural beauty. They two had been on eight dates and so far Steve hadn't even gotten past first base. He kept at it because the blonde was such a hot babe. Now - after dreaming about fucking Lori for ages - he was thinking it might finally be his lucky night!

Just as the performance was getting underway again, Lori's pussy suddenly felt full. There was another dildo inside her again! The girl squirmed in her seat and noticed that somehow this dildo was different than the first one - it was vibrating! Thankfully the noise from the orchestra masked the sounds emanating from her snatch, but the dildo inside of her was definitely a working vibrator!

Lori's face immediately reddened in embarrassment at her predicament. She looked around her and so far no one had noticed her distress. God, she thought, I look like a slut already, but to be discovered at an opera with a dildo up my pussy!

Glancing at her watch, Lori wondered how long she could manage with this device up her snatch. The opera would last for another hour - the question was, could she? Then she noticed in dismay that she was sitting with her knees far apart! Snapping them together, she crossed her legs and tried to concentrate on what was happening on the stage.

Ten minutes later the strain was too much for the blonde as she experienced a small orgasm that made her body shake. Her cunt juices were flowing freely now and she could almost smell a faint, musky tinge of it emanating from between her moist thighs. Lori knew she had to leave soon or risk alerting the other patrons to her situation.

She grabbed Steve's hand and whispered in his ear, "We've got to leave now! Please! I'm not feeling well!"

Her date noted her slight convulsion just moments ago and the light sweat on her forehead. "All right," he said in concern, "let's get out of here, Lori."

He had to almost carry her out of the front doors and through the parking lot towards his car. He held onto her slender shoulders and half dragged his date with him, because she couldn't walk straight anymore and gradually couldn't even stand without his help.

Meanwhile, Lori was on the verge of another, bigger orgasm as the vibrator mercilessly pulsated within her steamy snatch. She saw that they were within fifteen feet of Steve's car, but all of a sudden could go no further - she couldn't hold it in any longer. Bending over with her hands on her knees, Lori came with a loud moan as the vibrator slipped out of her pussy and dropped onto the ground with a dull thud.

"What the hell was that?" Steve asked, holding onto the shaking girl. "Are you alright, Lori?" The parking lot wasn't lit especially well, and at first he couldn't make out what the object was that had fallen out from underneath his date's dress. Slowly, it dawned on him as to what it was, as his eyes adjusted to the shadows. "Is that a vibrator?"

Still recovering from her exertions, his panting date was too embarrassed to answer him.

Steve had a hard time holding back a triumphant grin. After several dates with Lori he had assumed it would be at least several months before she'd have sex with him. He now changed his mind, though, after witnessing the events of this crazy date. What had started out as a normal evening out at the opera had turned into what could be one of the sexual highlights of his life! This former "Ice Queen" had suddenly changed into a hot little vixen! He was sure he was going to get laid tonight!

***********************

"For the last time," Lori stated in an exasperated tone, "I'm not going to bed with you, and that's final!" She couldn't believe they were still having this conversation!

Steve scowled while making a right turn, and then stepped on the accelerator with a heavy foot. The wheels on his car squealed on the dark, lonely road. "Come on, Lori!" he reasoned, "What am I supposed to think? Look at how you're dressed! Look at what was up your ... your -"

"What you're supposed to do is be a gentleman, and respect your date and her wishes!" Lori countered in anger.

"Gentleman!?" Steve yelled, furious. "Who's the fucking whore at the opera with a vibrator up her cunt!?"

"WHORE!?" Did you just call me a whore?" Lori gasped. "You are such an ASSHOLE!"

He had enough of this bullshit and slammed on the brakes. Reaching over Lori, Steve pushed open the passenger door and said, "Get the fuck out of my car, you fucking tease!!"

Lori was dumbfounded. "Aren't you going to take me home?"

"GET THE FUCK OUT!!"

The startled girl scrambled out of the car and watched in despair as Steve slammed the door and raced away in furious anger, the lights of his car gradually getting dimmer and dimmer. She shivered in the night air, fully aware of how scantily clad she was. Taking in her surroundings, she realized she was in the Ogden area - a fairly rough neighborhood - and miles away from her own apartment.

Lori quickly hid in a dark alleyway close to the spot where Steve dropped her off. That's when she realized that she had left her purse in Steve's vehicle! She was in a real jam now with no cell phone and no money. Lori didn't want to think about what would happen to her if a gang of men discovered her at this time of night. Her only hope now was for Steve to come to his senses and return to pick her up.

Twenty minutes passed. Forty minutes. An hour. Lori knew the prick wasn't going to come back.

She glanced at her watch - it was well past midnight now - and wondered how would she ever get home. In the last hour, two groups of men walked by her hiding spot. During the same time, she hadn't seen any taxis or police cruisers drive by, and in fact there were very few cars on the street.

Suddenly a noisy engine broke through the stillness of the night. A garbage truck slowly edged its way into the alley, bright headlights cutting through the darkness. At first, the jumpy girl hid behind some boxes, watching as two men descended from the cab and began emptying cans of trash into the back of the truck. Then she realized that this was her ticket home!

"Please!! You've got to help me!" the girl pleaded, rushing before the two surprised men. She explained to them that her story, leaving out all the sordid details. Finishing her tale, Lori found that the two seemed more interested in her breasts and legs than in her dire predicament.

The two garbage men peeled their eyes off of Lori's assets long enough to introduce themselves. Joe was the larger of the two; a hulking man in his mid-thirties with average features who - while not extremely muscular - was built solidly with a bit of a beer belly. Larry was the opposite of his co-worker; short, balding, and fat, he had ugly features such as a large nose and beady eyes that made him the more unattractive of the two. He was just entering his forties and had clearly let life wear him down. Both men were wearing worn, grey jumpsuits -- the kind that had one long zipper in the front -- and were soiled and smelly from their long day of labor.

"The thing is, Miss," Larry said, licking his lips and staring at Lori's tremendous cleavage, "it's against regulations for us to pick up anyone. Rules are rules, you know!"

These fucking little shits, the girl thought to herself. "Could you at least radio the police for me then?"

"Our radio is broken, Miss," Joe smugly said with a touch of malice in his eyes. The two men exchanged glances with each other, hoping the blonde would understand what they were hinting at - what they wanted.

Her shoulders slumped in defeat; Lori knew she was at the mercy of these two. She then realized that she would have been far better off sleeping with Steve, but there was no turning back the clock now. Her choices at the moment were either staying in the alley or giving herself away to these two garbage men.

She studied the two closely and knew that they were losers with nothing going for them. They were greasy, smelly, domineering, and rude. Fucking a hot blonde such as herself would be one of the highlights in their pathetic lives. She knew what they wanted - it was what Carl Allen and Brad and his friends wanted earlier in the day: a fuck-toy. Looking at her menacing surroundings, it wasn't too hard for the blonde to make a decision.

Letting go of the last remnants of her pride and self-respect, Lori grabbed the two men by their forearms and begged, "Please! Just take me home, and I'll do anything you want!"

Joe sneered at her, "Anything?"

The young blonde bit her lip, "Anything! I'll be your little fuck-slut, cum-slut, alley-slut - you two can use me however you want!! Just promise me you'll take me home afterwards!"

Larry's beady black eyes glistened in anticipation. "Use you however we want ... I don't know if you know what we want! Joe - I don't know if this chick is worth our jobs!"

"Really!! I'll do anything you want!! You can fuck my mouth, my pussy, my ass!! I'll swallow your cum!! I LOVE to eat cum!!" Lori pleaded. "Fuck me raw! Fuck me until you're out of cum!! I'll be your cum bucket!"

With that the girl wrapped herself around Larry and began kissing him deeply, thrusting her hot tongue into his rancid mouth and trying hard not to recoil from his stench and repulsiveness. She brought his hands up to massage her bouncy tits, and then fondled his growing erection. A minute later she did the same thing to Joe, French-kissing the stranger as if they long-time lovers.

Smiling, Larry said, "I think we have a deal ..."

******************************

The two garbage men had about an hour's work left on their route still - so the plan was for them to take two half-hour shifts - one would work while the other played with Lori. When they were finished they got to fuck her and afterwards they'd drop her off home.

Larry -- the lucky devil - had the first go at the tight blonde. He hadn't been laid in a while (and usually if he did he had to pay for it), and he knew that he'd have few chances in life to fuck a luscious beauty such as Lori. As soon as the two go into the passenger seat - Larry sitting down with Lori straddled over his lap - he ran his filthy fingers all over her body, relishing the incredible feeling of Lori's youthful, buttery-smooth skin. His hands ran over her body from top to bottom; first over her abundant, swelling tits, then down to her slim waist, and finally to her taut, toned legs.

The fat man groaned as he slipped his fingers underneath short skirt and found nothing but silky flesh. "Look at this slutty bitch, buddy!" Larry said grinning, pulling the skirt up so that it wrapped around her waist. "God DAMN!! You are one fine bitch!"

Lori's face flushed in shame as Joe looked the two over, whistling in approval. He then said, "Jesus, look at that body!!"

"SHIT - you have the most perfect ass I've ever seen!" Larry groaned, ecstatically squeezing Lori's pert buttocks. His fingers snuck down to the girl's moist crevice and began playing with her pussy lips and sensitive clitoris. "What do you want, you slut!?"

"Oh God - put your fingers up my fuck holes!" Lori cried, closing her eyes as Larry stuck some fingers into her wet pussy. "Oh - yeah! Play with my pussy, you bastard!" She ground her moist slit against his wriggling, oily fingers, becoming suddenly horny and losing herself in that feeling. For the second time that day she wondered why every time she was degraded she would get aroused.

Looking down, she saw Larry eyeing her tits. She slipped the spaghetti-straps off her shoulders and pulled down the top of her dress to her waist, freeing her round, delicious melons. Lori was now totally exposed except for the dress wrapped around her slender waist and her high heels.

Smiling at her submissiveness, Larry took one hand and began fondling Lori's breasts. Her nipples were already hard and the young blonde gasped as he pinched and played with them. He asked, "You like that, bitch?"

Moaning sexily, Lori grabbed her large tits with both hands - freeing Larry's in the process - so that she could guide them into his mouth herself. "Fuck yes! Play with my titties! Suck them - God - YES - use your tongue!" The fat garbage man sloppily nibbled on Lori's tasty nipples, using his teeth and tongue to make Lori squirm on his lap. She helped him by putting one nipple in his mouth, removing it, and then plopping in the other one.

"You like that, baby?" Larry said.

"Uh-huh! Use me like a fucking whore! I'm your fuck-toy tonight!"

Then the fat man sucked on a couple of his own fingers before sliding his saliva-coated hand behind Lori's buttocks to touch her anal opening, causing the girl to flinch at the contact. "C'mon slut! Tell me what you want!"

"Stick your fingers up my asshole! Fuck my tiny asshole with your - OHHHH!" Lori cried as Larry complied with her wishes.

Larry leered at the young woman. "You like cocks up your ass, you slutty cunt?"

"Oh yes - I love to be fucked up - aaahhhhh - the ass by big, dirty cocks because I'm - ooohhhh - such a naughty little girl!" The blonde's hips undulated as her tormentor finger-fucked her two most sensitive orifices.

"You like big dicks, huh?"

"Ohhhh God - yes! I love big, hard - ahhhhh - monster cocks that - ummmm - stretch my tiny holes!" Lori wasn't even paying much attention to the conversation - as she was distracted by Larry's fingers - and didn't realize how much of a slut she sounded like to the two men.

"Well - you're in luck tonight!" Larry said, beaming with pride. He grabbed one of her hands and placed it on his crotch. "Feel this sucker!"

The young blonde groped the fat man and her eyes widened as she felt the unmistakable mass of a large, hard penis. Not as monstrous as Carl Allen's pecker, but much larger than she wanted it to be...

"You look surprised!" Larry grinned. "Yeah, I may be a shorty, but I'm blessed with a ten-inch schlong! Check out Joe's!"

He made Lori reach over to examine Joe's penis, and she was even more dismayed to find another giant shaft waiting for her services. It seemed to be about just as big as her black rapist's...

"You like the idea of two monster cock's sliding in and out of your ass and pussy at once?" Larry mockingly asked, watching the stunned blonde wince at the thought of being double-penetrated.

Lori answered hesitantly, "God - I - I don't know if I could handle -"

"What's the matter," Joe chimed in menacingly, "you can't take twenty-inches of dick at once? You backing out of the deal?"

"NO!!" Lori gulped, "I - I - want you two studs to stuff your horse-cocks as deep as you can inside my fuck-holes!!"

The two men exchanged laughs. "That's what we like to hear from smutty little bitches like you!" Larry told the pretty blonde, and then resumed defiling her tender orifices with his grubby fingers.

The two made out in this manner for the most of the thirty minute shift, only altering things whenever Joe stopped the truck and went outside to work. During these periods Larry laid the blonde flat on her back upon the seat and - slouching over slightly while at the same time holding her ass up to his face - ate her pussy out. It was an extremely uncomfortable position for the girl as there simply wasn't that much room, thus her legs and knees were lewdly spread wide apart. She was glad it was so late that there was no one around to look inside the steamy cab.

Larry wasn't especially good at cunnilingus, and in fact the act was more about his violation of the blonde than for her pleasure. The pig just wanted to stick slurping tongue obscenely inside her most private of places. He'd spit on it, and then would raunchily shoved his wiggling tongue inside her rosy slit as far as it could go, massaging her tender vaginal walls now slick from her sweet honey juices. Lori - hips writhing in pleasure - was now panting heavily from her exertions.

Sometimes Larry would stab her anal hole with his vulgar tongue, making Lori gasp from the contact because her asshole was still sore from being sodomized earlier in the day. The little man was ruthless and continued to sully her in this manner no matter how much she contorted in front of him. In fact, he was cruelly delighted in making her thrash about from his tongue-lashings; he loved how Lori's beautiful body - now coated with a thin sheen of sweat - twisted and bounced up and down in sexual delight and depravity. He instinctively guessed that the blonde was prudish on the surface but was secretly turned on inside, judging from her body language.

Half an hour passed in this fashion before Larry finally switched places with Joe. The tall, hulking man was the quieter of the two; whereas Larry would talk smack and try to belittle Lori, the larger man simply piped in every now and then with a smattering of comments. But he turned out to be just as sadistic as his fat partner, if not more so.

Joe had extremely long, thick fingers which he put to immediate use, jabbing them into Lori's two holes without any hesitation as the two settled into the passenger seat. He finger-fucked her swiftly and furiously, causing the slim blonde to orgasm within minutes.

The big man was mesmerized by Lori's tight, voluptuous body. Her big, jiggling tits, thin waist, and long legs were unbelievable! She wasn't a small woman, but she seemed tiny and diminutive next to the large garbage man. He couldn't believe that she was willing to take his cock up each of her holes!

What he really ached for was to take out his penis and fuck her silly, but he figured that could wait for a bit. He took his three wet, steamy fingers out of Lori's cunt, brought them up to her face, and touched her lips with them.

Lori looked at the glistening fingers before licking them gently. Then she began kissing and licking his fingers, tasting her own juices and becoming more aroused in the process. Next - looking at Joe with eyes both innocent and slutty - she opened her mouth and swallowed his fingers, slurping and smacking her lips loudly. She noticed Joe's dick twitch uncontrollably in his pants and wondered why it was so easy for her to be such a cock-teaser.
