 Nicole's Note: This story contains themes of messy consent, mind control, candy and trans catgirls.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

"Isn't that good?" the redhead cooed.

"Isn't that gooood?" the blonde cooed.

"Isn't that so, so, so, soooo gooood?" they echoed, bouncing the target of their questions between them.

Elka moaned and squirmed, overwhelmed by the sensual mental assault, and tried desperately to think of any thought that wasn't...

"Yes," she cried, "yes, yes, mm—" The catgirl happily accepted the redhead's kisses, dripping joyously into their slick, warm embrace, even as the blonde wriggled their hips to help milk Elka's needy cock. "Mmmuh-huh!" she slurred at last, as the... blonde pulled away from the kiss.

Wait. Who had been... She blinked rapidly, her efforts to make sense of how they'd switched places only making her feel dumber, needier, and more pliant.

Just how they like their pretty kitty, she thought, as one of them stroked her tail and the other rubbed her ears. So many hands, so much touching, everywhere at once...

Everything was so drippy and hazy and nice and wet and warm. She stared into the blonde's beautiful, sparkling green-and-blue eyes, whimpered as the redhead sucked and licked over her cock, and struggled with every ounce of her will to object, to assert herself, to tell this creature once and for all—

"Yes?" the blonde whispered, licking their lips. They giggled.

"Ooh, is there something you wanna say, pretty girl?" moaned the redhead, and everything went molten in Elka's vision, in Elka's world. They were suddenly in front of Elka, kissing her cheek, as the blonde wriggled behind her and pumped Elka's cock between their delicate, slippery fingers, milking her with expert, indulgent care.

"Um," she whispered, lost in the redhead's spiraling blue-and-green eyes. "Ooh. Um." Everything felt so good. So wonderfully, purely, stickily good. "I. Would like. To please. May I leave? Please? I-I'll come back tomorrow, I promise, I j-just—" She squeaked as the blonde's fingers stroked over her sensitive tip, gently massaging more of those intoxicating, slippery juices into her. "Maybe j-just a break?" she whimpered.

The world around her melted, and she was staring at both of them. They were smiling at her. Her cock was inside one, but they both pressed against her, gyrating against her, drawing whimpers and moans from her quivering lips.

"Mine," the redhead said sweetly, and kissed Elka on the lips. Elka sank mindlessly into the kiss, and she felt so very nice and gooey, she could only cling and moan and...

The redhead pulled back. Elka bit her lip.

"Mine," the blonde murmured, and kissed her, too. So sweet. So nice and gooey and soft...

As Elka clutched helplessly at the blonde, the redhead melted around to clutch Elka from behind, stroking her hair. "Mine," they hissed in Elka's ear.

"... mmyours," Elka slurred through the kiss.

As the redhead laughed, the blonde pulled back and gave Elka a playful lick on the lips. "Mine?" they asked, batting their eyelashes. They rocked their hips, and Elka remembered how good they could make her...

"Yours," Elka panted, bobbing her head in helpless, delicious agreement.

The blonde beamed.

The flower they were all in started to close, causing the thick nectar to slosh around them as the liliraune pulled her between them, squeezing against her with their soft, warm, slippery bodies.

"Ours," they purred, wrapping their arms around her, and Elka felt like a scoop of ice cream on a succubus's tongue as she started to come, crying out in bliss into their kisses, lost, wonderfully lost, and she never, ever wanted to be found! She would let them make her all sticky and gooey and goopy and drippy, all sweet, so good, such a good girl coming for her Mistresses...

"Oh, Elka!" sang a melodic and familiar voice.

But Elka was too squishy and sloshy to hear, too drippy and obedient and melty to care, moaning into the kisses, letting the liliraune fuck her brains away, drug her brains away, make her a good, obedient, pliant, docile...

"Elkaaaaa!" sang the voice, louder. "No more of that now."

And a word of power filled the grove. It rewrote reality in an instant.

The next thing Elka knew, she was lying in the grass outside the flower. She was free once again.

She was panting. She was covered in liliraune nectar, her cock still dripping with saliva, her whole body tingling with hypersexual, hypersensitized sensuality.

"Oh, Elka," said the voice with a sigh, "just look at yourself!"

Beneath her, the grass turned into reflective glass.

She stared down at herself, her mouth agape. Her eyes, normally a soft, rich brown, were swirling with blue and pink lights, like cotton candy. Her plump lips were quivering. Her brown bob was a messy disaster, the normally lush locks totally drenched in nectar. Her pointy cat ears were flattened, dripping with liliraune saliva and nectar alike. Her tail flicked weakly behind her, as if trying to flick off the sticky ambrosia it was coated in. She'd have to spend hours washing—maybe even with water, the worst kind of bath. And her entire soft, slender body was glowing with the aftereffects of the nectar, radiating pink light.

Pink light that... that looked so pretty, didn't it? She blinked rapidly. Her eyes had such a pretty swirl to them, in fact. The glow was pulsating nicely, soothingly, the same rhythm as with the liliraunes.

She wished her eyes were always this pretty.

The spirals in her eyes had been slowing down, but now the swirl actually seemed to be picking up speed again, as if something was fueling them to... swirl... and swirl... and swirly-swirly-swirly-swirly...

"Elka," said the voice again, now very amused but impatient. "Eyes on me, girl." A hand touched her hair, and Elka felt a pleasant tingling. Yes. She wanted to look up. She obeyed with barely even a token resistance, head jerking back to stare helplessly into a new pair of bright amber-brown eyes.

It was her Mistress—her, um, teacher, that was to say. Jyrulea of the Sugar Spirits, witch and mindweaver, a tall woman with brilliant scarlet hair, milky skin, and a fit but well-endowed form. Her lips were painted a gentle maple-green. Her eyes shone with pride and delight.

"You've done very well," she purred, running a hand over Elka's head, scritching behind her ears, and down to her neck. The tingling followed, and Elka squirmed, struggling to resist. Jyrulea smirked down at her, holding up the sealed flask she'd brought with her. "I got everything I needed. You kept them nice and busy." She stroked Elka's cheek. "Nice little apprentice."

"Uh—mm—" Elka leaned into that touch, savoring it despite herself. "Mistress," she whined, "I... may I please... speak frankly?"

She hated even having to ask, but the idea of speaking out of turn made her head fill with fuzzy, buzzy clouds. Mistress so hated it when she spoke out of turn.

The witch giggled. "Oh, go ahead, Elka." Her hand continued to stroke Elka's cheek, holding her by the chin so her head didn't loll downwards.

Elka took a deep breath, trying not to enjoy those touches too much. But her tail betrayed her, vibrating and twitching with ill-hidden eagerness. "I... are you..."

"Go on, Elka," Jyrulea purred. "Tell me what you—"

"Are you kidding me?" Elka burst out. She struggled to her feet, batting away Jyrulea's hand. She forced her tail to be still. "You set me up again!"

"Aw." The witch smirked. "But you were enjoying it so much at the time!" Behind her, the liliraune giggled.

"I'm sick of being used as bait, and—as a distraction!" Elka mustered all her willpower into a fierce glare, and was satisfied to see Jyrulea's smirk fade a little. "When I agreed to be your apprentice, I thought you'd teach me magic! But you just use me as a—as a—"

"As a what, sweet thing?" Jyrulea asked, blinking innocently.

Elka bit off several dozen responses. Every single one of them would end the same way: with her begging for her Mistress's touch, falling into the witch's loving arms, letting her brain dissolve into foggy, fuzzy bliss. Bimbo. Slut. Sex toy.

Instead, she screamed out, "As your intern! You don't treat Tabbi like this! She's already learning to house spirits!"

"Tabbi is happy to serve her role," Jyrulea said with a sigh. "Besides, she has one thing you don't: an ounce of willpower. Do you really think you're ready to house even a single spirit in that helpless, horny mind of yours?"

Elka felt her cheeks burning. "Well—well maybe I'd be ready by now if you didn't keep using me to keep liliraunes and arachne girls and dryads and fleece sprites happy!"

"I use them to keep you happy, too." Jyrula giggled. "And they do make you so, so happy. Even now, my apprentice, I can see it in those pretty eyes. Those pretty pink hearts..."

Elka covered her cheeks, feeling the humiliation rising. She hadn't wanted to have this conversation right in front of the liliraune. "Those are because of the prisoner fruit you have us eat every morning!"

"And doesn't it prepare you for the day ahead?"

"If that's all my days will hold—" Elka mustered all her courage. "I quit! Forget the contract!"

There was a short pause.

"Aw, really?" Jyrulea bit her lip. "Are you sure? I promise I'll teach you some real magic soon, it's just, you're so good at being bai—"

"Absolutely not!" Elka snapped.

"Okay." The witch nodded glumly. "Well... I guess this is goodbye."

"Yes, M—damn straight it is." Elka folded her arms. Finally, she was standing up for herself. Finally, she was telling this manipulative witch just what she thought of her. Finally, she was...

"How about a kiss goodbye?" Jyrulea opened her arms wide, smiling innocently.

"Ooh." Elka's lips parted.

She felt a pleasant, lovely kind of fluff entering her head as she leaned in, blinking wide eyes.

Jyrulea purred as she took Elka into her arms, took Elka into the kiss. "See what I mean?" she cooed, her fingers stroking down Elka's side, down between her legs. "No willpower whatsoever. You would've made a lovely apprentice."

"Ah—ah—" Elka squirmed, her humiliation warring with her intense need to submit.

"But I'm happy," Jyrulea whispered in her ear, "to indulge you just once more, for old time's sake. One more taste of what you're... giving up." She patted Elka's head, pouring in fuzz with every touch. "Sleepytime, now, dear!"

And Elka melted into the pleasure of obedience.

~ ~ ~ ~

Stupid Mistress. Elka stomped into the distillery, her head sloshing with every step she took. Stupid liliraune nectar. Stupid, useless will.

"Oh, hey, Elka!" Tabbi leaned over the vat she was stirring. Her feline ears perked up, and her bushy mainecoon tail twitched behind her head. "You smell very nice today!"

"Thanks, Tabbi," Elka muttered. She hadn't thought her cheeks could get any hotter. Tabbi was dressed in slightly oversized witch's robes, complimented by a tight black lace corset. Currently, she was also wearing a red hairnet, as Mistress—Jyrulea hated it when her apprentices got hairs in the syrup vats.

"Are you here to help me work?" Tabbi's ears flicked, and she winced, then licked her lips as a bit of doubtless hot syrup splashed up onto her face. "Mm. I think we're almost done with this year's batch, but—"

"I don't work for Jyrulea anymore, Tabbi," Elka said, stalking past to reach the closet. "I'm just here to get a spare change of clothes."

She was currently wearing nothing but her bra and panties, all she'd been able to salvage.

"Oh, really?" Tabbi frowned. "We'll miss you a great deal! But I suppose that is for the best. Managing the spirits is very hard work, you know."

"I know that," Elka growled, slamming the closet door open. Gods, did she have anything that wasn't stained? The pomegranate dryads had stained her nicest working clothes to the point of almost being useless, even if those juices wouldn't mark her as willing prey whenever she put them on. The arachne girls had basically torn her summer dress apart in their haste to make her a 'new, better dress.' And now the liliraune had basically destroyed her last article, her lovely Sunday clothes. "I'm not stupid!"

"I know you're not stupid!" Tabbi giggled. "I mean, you might be a little right now. Liliraune nectar kinda—"

"Not. Helping."

"Sorry." Tabbi winked, swinging her hips as she stirred the vat's swirling maple contents. "You know how Mistress is. She's horrid, but when I have her powers, maybe I can teach you!" Her eyelids half-lowered as she licked her lips. "Things will be very different once I am a fully-fledged witch. I could be a more... um, merciful teacher!"

"I don't want a merciful teacher," Elka whined, not wanting to say aloud that Tabbi could be a little wicked herself, sometimes. "I want to be able to resist! What's the good of being a witch if I fall for the first—the first whatever I come across?"

Tabbi was failing to conceal her smirk, so she turned back to the pot to hide it. "I am certain that one day you will be much, much stronger, Elka. But it is okay if you aren't! Sometimes I wish I were so good at giving in."

Elka glared at the back of her head. "No, you don't."

"Well..." Tabbi's tail flicked. "I mean, everyone loves you, though! Isn't that nice? Everyone loves a... a person with a weaker will. And... and it seems like it would be much easier to have fun, if... I mean, even if I don't want to be that person, you're still very... maybe it would be fun to..."

She trailed off. Tabbi frowned, looking around. Her right ear flicked, as if a bee was annoying her.

Elka gave a miserable whine. "Not today, Tabbi. I'm going back to the village." She turned, scowling down at her bare feet. She'd just have to walk home like this. "Assuming I don't get caught and enslaved by a slime girl on my way back."

"Elka." Tabbi's voice was sharp. "Do you hea—"

Because Elka was looking at the floor—a simple dirt floor, as the distillery was more a shed than a proper building—she only noticed the door open when she felt the rush of unsweetened fresh air from outside.

She looked up and froze as stiff as a board.

The woman who had just entered the distillery was tall. Taller even than Mistr—Jyrulea, with an absurd hourglass figure and long strawberry blonde locks that rolled like water in the rapids, water that reflected an impossibly brilliant sunrise. She was dressed in a tight suit that visibly strained to contain her curves, and wore a rather silly looking Nyaskan-style top hat.

Her eyes shared her lips' bright, luscious honey-gold.

She was a Thriae—a wasp-girl, one of the fey infamous for their addictive honey, their wicked lust for conquest and, most of all, the irresistible hypnotic buzz of their diaphanous wings. But as far as Elka could tell, she had no wings. The new arrival stepped into the distillery, surveying everything—including Elka and Tabbi—with what seemed to be perfect indifference.

"Um." Elka heard Tabbi take a deep breath. "Um, hello, miss, um... Thriae. We can't... we are not currently accepting..."

"Hm." The newcomer bent over a table and picked up one of the spiles used to tap the sugarbush. She tucked it into a pouch by her side.

"Hey!" Tabbi sounded indignant. She stalked over to the Thriae. "Excuse me, Miss, but you can't jus—mm!"

Without even looking at her, the Thriae had reached back into the pouch, pulled out a lollipop, and stuck it in the catgirl's open mouth. Tabbi's eyes widened in even worse indignation as the Thriae brushed past her and Elka to arrive at the syrup vat.

"Is this sugar maple?" she asked, dipping a finger into the concoction and tasting it. As she sucked on her finger, her eyes lit up in delight. Her voice was as sweet as candy, tender and soft like a caramel truffle.

"Mm—hey!" Tabbi pulled the lollipop out of her mouth, glaring. "You can't just—"

She paused.

She licked the lollipop. "You," she repeated, eyes blazing, "can't just... just walk in..." She licked it again, stumbling forward.

The Thriae took out a little jar and dipped it casually into the syrup, filling it up. She cast about, tsking to herself. "Oh, did I bring a lid?"

"Can't just..." Tabbi licked the lollipop, then stuck it inside her mouth and suckled on it, eyes wide. Little kittenish sounds escaped her as her lips smacked. She pulled it back out, swaying. "... walk in here, all... sweet... can't just be all sweet and pretty... walk in here..."

"Yes, dear," the Thriae said patiently, giving a slight smile. "Like, do you have any jar lids?"

Tabbi was sucking on the lollipop again, her eyes big and glowing with faint red-and-violet swirls. "Ummm..." She pulled the lollipop out. She licked it. "T-Top shelf, behind the..." She bit her lip. "No, wait, you ca—mm!"

The Thriae had casually taken the catgirl's hand and helped stick the lollipop back into her mouth, all without turning away from her survey of the shelves. "Ooh! There we go! Good kitty." The fey beamed as she retrieved a stack of lids and quickly screwed one onto the jar. She turned back to Tabbi, who was now moaning, her eyelids fluttering, releasing tiny flashes of pink light each time.

Elka watched all of this with half-parted lips, her own eyes wide. What. The. Hell? She dared not make a sound, watching how, in mere seconds, her fellow catgirl apprentice had dissolved into a helpless, candy-sucking bimbo. She dared not think about how pretty those pink eyes looked.

For once, Elka wasn't the one getting her mind melted into goop, and she had no intention of getting "second-hand mind controlled" a third time this month.

The Thriae made her way round the distillery, humming to herself as she took tools, pilfered potions, even at one point seemed to consider stealing Jyrulea's best whisk. Elka watched her work, barely breathing. Had she just not noticed Elka? Or did she truly not care?

She also watched Tabbi, despite her best efforts to not look. She watched the catgirl suck, with the cutest blank look on her face, full of concentration, as if sucking this candy was the most important, natural, instinctual thing in the world, something all kitties did as easily as breathing. Her eyes were big, beautiful screens of empty pink spirals. She swayed from side to side, whimpering, practically drooling with her efforts.

And Elka watched, and tried not to think too hard about how badly she wanted a candy of her own. Because she didn't. She was just too weak to remember that fact when she saw how good submission felt.

How happy Tabbi looked as she suckled that sweet candy into melty bliss.

After several minutes of this agonizing torture, the Thriae gave a final, happy, "Hm!" She tucked away the jar of pomegranate marmalade she'd just flagrantly stolen and turned to Elka and Tabbi. "Very good kitties," she cooed. "I'll just get out of your hair, now, okay, sweeties?"

Tabbi moaned, her head very slowly bobbing up and down.

The Thriae smiled. "Well?"

It took Elka a moment to realize she was being addressed. She squeaked. "Um. Yes! Okay!"

The blonde bombshell licked her lips, admiring Elka a moment. Elka quivered, remembering she was practically naked and covered in liliraune nectar.

But then the fey turned, walked over to Tabbi, and plucked the lollipop out. Only the wooden stick remained. She gave the little stick a flick, and it seemed to elongate, twist, curve, until it resembled a gnarled magic wand with a red flowerbud at the tip. "Thanks very much!" she cooed, patting Tabbi on the head. "Such a good kitty, keeping it warm for me."
