 With a wolfish grin His eyes turn toward His prey. Sky blue eyes glowing, freezing her in a gaze into which she swears she can see for miles. Growling from His very core, His lethally sharp fangs begin to appear. Her knees tremble, her heart pounds at the cracking of His bones. His frame expands, towering over her as He strains against the torture of the emerging Beast. Flesh burning, His muscles build to it's very capacity to hold them. His chest shaping itself into rippling barrel, humanity slipping further into the depths of this Monster. Fur of the purest white springs from His every pore, cloaking His body in a coat that shines in the moonlight. An ear-shattering howl explodes into the night air, shattering the ice of His gaze. The last vestages of the Man fade when His jaw cracks and forms into a lupine mask. 

His glance again finds her, savoring her plight. She searches for the Man deep behind the Lycan's eyes. Fear washes over her body, pumping adrenaline through her veins like lightning pouring into her muscles. She bolts in a desperate attempt to escape. His eyes follow her, knowing her flight is fleeting. 

Her slender legs churn with grace and speed. She floats above any obstacle to her escape. Reflexively, her eyes shoot back to see the Beast pursuing. His mighty muscles tense for a moment before He springs into chase. In an awesome leap, He seems to close half the distance she'd struggled so hard to put between them. Her focus sharpens, imploring with all her will her muscles to work, gritting her teeth against the pain and exhaustion that now threatens her very life. The Lycan stretches out His gait, long forelimbs flying out, hind legs curling under Him to launch His sleek body forward. Her heart pounds with every sound behind her, the rustle of a leaf, the snap of a branch, all tell the same fearful story: He is getting closer.

His every stride the perfection of fluidity, every ounce of energy spent bringing Him nearer His target. The Beast's glowing blue eyes train directly on her she sprints hard in retreat. Every detail of the surroundings clear as day to the Lycan's glance. The Man marvels at her will to survive. The Beast's knows instinctively that such a chase will make for a fine catch. His ears perk as He draws close enough to hear her breathe. Each gasp grows shorter and sharper as panic seizes into her. 

He leaps, His massive forelegs closing on her frame like a steel trap. The weight upon her back instantly buckles her exhausted legs. The chill of icy water attacks her tired, sweaty body as she splashes into a stream. A scream pierces the air. Quickly enough, He overpowers her and pins her to a stone that splits the stream. A massive handpaw crushes her throat, plunging her underwater. Silent screams rip from her body in her struggle for breath. Again finding strength from a place she knew not, she pounds and kicks at the Lycan's meaty arm, earning herself a few crucial breaths, even as the icy water ties her overworked muscles into knots. 

Pounding and kicking more and more desperately, she lands a strike that momentarily loosens His grip. She scrambles up the bank of the stream, dress clinging to her waist as again she seeks freedom. Deftly she evades His lunge to recapture her, only to have His claws drag down her body. The scalpel-sharp tips shread her dress with ease and slice into her flesh. Her milky flesh falls open. Another scream launches from her throat, drowning all other sounds. Nothing more than water and sweat holds the tattered cloth to her body. She falls for a moment, totally exposed to the Monster. Blood rushes through her like a surging river, flowing in vain to her wound. Warm crimson fluid leaks down her stomach. The frigid water and cool night air make her nipples stand painfully erect. 

The Beast snatches an ankle and drags her soaked, bleeding body back toward the water. She rips at the grass, the brush, the earth, searching for any hold to help her fend Him off. Defeatedly, her nails can only drag through the sod as she is hauled her back toward His clutches, the tatters of cloth peeling away from her body. Fangs bared, He locks the prey back into His gaze.

His tongue lays into the pool of blood on her stomach and rasps along the entirety of her wound. He savors the crimson feast. Instantly, His grip tightens, His strength multiplies with the infusion of her life. She flails wildly in a failed attempt to kick loose again. His grip is fierce, powerful enough to crush her every bone to dust. Battling harder and harder still, she can only twist onto her knees, crying out as her ankle turns ankle painfully. 

Clawing pathetically at the soft mud, her fingers finally clutch a stone set deep into the earth. With all her might, she labors to pull her battered body away from Him. A sadistic twist of her ankle pauses her struggle, letting Him drag her closer and slip His hand around her throat. 

She is suddenly yanked upright, back pressing to the soft, wet fur hiding His bulging chest muscles. His hot breath brings warmth to her freezing flesh, His vice-like jaws but an inch from her fragile neck. A harsh growl flows through her spine, His vocal celebration at winning this hunt. The images of her life flash through her mind, a concession to her fate. She wriggles against His arrest until His hulking arm clutches her waist. Jaws agape, His head tilts forward to engulf her neck. A piteous whine slips from her lips when His needle-sharp fangs threaten her flesh, about to pierce her jugular.

Slowly His jaws close, powerful facial muscles tense at the back of her neck. His fangs pierce her skin layer by cell-thin layer. She knows now she's being toyed with, that He is savoring every moment of her peril. It was unabashed torture, to allow her to cling desperately to life. At any moment the Monster could end her, drain her fully of blood just by lancing her neck with those fangs, sever her spine with the power of His jaw. These fates would almost be release, she thought in the darkest recesses of her mind, the place where her fear and panic had the deepest roots. And yet, He coerces her to cling to life, to live these moments without hope. Her head begins to float in a haze of exhaustion and blood loss. 

Still, she resists, wrenching her body back and forth in His powerful grasp. Her tiny little butt grinds against the Beast, every brush back against Him sending another rush of blood to His penis. The awareness of.....something swelling against her back eventually fought through her mind-numbing fear. Her sobs and whines for mercy give an instant to a shallow gasp. 

She freezes, the Lycan's member spearing into the small of her back. Her mind races to find the reason He's freed her neck. His furry arm slides across her waist in a split second, her skin not able to register the loss of her panties. Her neck still locked in His handpaw, she feels a rush of cold air across her sex. She twists her head around against His powerful grip. Her tear-stained, puffy eyes turn to find His gaze, hoping somewhere in it she'll find an answer to this turn of events other than what she fears is about to be done. His eyes return only untamed, primal lust. The dread of one thought filled her mind. How was this thing, this log pressing into her back, possibly going to fit inside her? 

Before finding her answer, she was rocked by another spine-chilling growl. His grip tightens around her neck, lifting her up off of her knees. Her hips are carefully set over His mammoth shaft. Her vessel constricts, fighting for what remained of her innocence, legs searching for traction to support her weight as every ounce presses her down onto His engorged head. The struggle produces no escape for her, only making her sex begin to yawn open to accept Him. Her feet failing to find a base, her moist folds stretch until the Monster's head sinks inside her. She bites her lip hard to muffle a scream as His invasion siezes into her. Every fiber of of her vessel struggles against His continued advance, only to submit a moment later. 

The Monster relishes this pleasure only a few fleeting moments before His lust takes charge. Forcing her body down onto His lap, His penis bores a tunnel to her deepest core. A scream tears from her lungs at this brutal thrust. Her body feels as though it's about to split from head to toe. Immersed in her as deep as physiology will allow, He takes a moment to listen. Breathing raggedly, she whines even as she tries to recover and prepare herself for the next stage of this savage encounter.

Finding her much more pliable in her state of physical defeat, He lowers her back onto her knees, hand still firmly around her neck. Setting His hips against hers, He begins to take her with brutal vigor. His paw steadies her to feed His lust. His veiny spear pierces her sex over and over. Her silky pink labia clutching His shaft with His every retreat. Each painful advance becoming smoother, easier as her vessel submits to Him. She sobs lightly in anguish, robbed of her chastity. 

Focus as she may, she cannot tear her mind away from the sensation, the stretching of her walls, the shape of His cock's every ridge, the softness of the Animal's fur against her skin. But mostly, what occupied her mind was the pain, the hurt, the....pleasure. Her mind jolted free of this thought. She couldn't enjoy this, she just couldn't. Driving pleasure from her mind, she pries the pain into control....in this moment, it's all she has. Her body, though, refuses to comply with her mind, treasonously accepting His advances, even craving them. Every thrust of His penis drives a larger wedge between her body and mind. Her mind focuses to the point of madness on fighting Him, on the pain. Her body betrays her, her back arches, her hips rise and buck, encouraging Him deeper and deeper...even, loving Him. 

The Beast takes her wildly, and her body surrenders itself more with every moment. The Monster growls with pleasure. The Man knows that despite everything, her body is becoming His. His merciless thrusts give her no relief, seconds feel like hours in her mind's crusade for control of her body. Her gaping pussy suddenly clenches around His cock, her tummy muscles tying into knots. This would be too humiliating, she could never live with herself. Biting her lip beyond the taste of blood, she reigns her body back onto her mind's path. With every ounce of resolve, she quells the surging tide within. Her legs, weak with sheer exhaustion, take rest, all of her weight held impaled on His cock.

Her tensing walls milk the Beast until finally He roars out in pleasure and erupts inside her. His warm sticky seed filling her slender frame, leaking from her sex. Grunting possessively each time His cock throbs against her aching walls, He fills her more and more. Warm fluid crawls slowly down her legs, coating her freezing skin almost pleasantly. Leaning over, He grunts in her ear and sends a heavy, warm breath down her neck. Having for the moment fully spent itself within her, His shaft begins to soften. 

Her guard soon lets down, body and mind exhausted from the whole ordeal. A moment of happiness slips through her thoughts, she'd managed to control at least something, she'd fought off her climax. Her body slides slowly from it's perch upon His shaft, sending her hips splashing into the icy stream. The sudden rush of sensation, the cold water licking and entering her hot, gaping hole triggers what she'd fought against so hard. She screams out one last time as the dam breaks within, sending her into a powerful orgasm. Exhausted, her body aches all over from the power of the event. All she can do is struggle in vain to mask the shivers and whines as purely an effect of the cold. It serves only as a thin veil, though, one that the Man inside can easily see through. He happily watches her fingers dig into the bank, the cascade wash though her, from within His beastly shell.