 Lori Sanders breathed a sigh of relief as she closed the door of her apartment. Her workday was officially over. Kicking off her high-heels, the gorgeous blonde rushed for the bathroom, pulling off her cum-stained skirt and blazer along the way and dropping them carelessly on the hallway floor.

She turned on the shower and washed away the memories of the day and the stench of sex which had clung to her body the entire afternoon. The hot water and fragrant soap helped to dispel the memories of losing her virginity in the morning. Carl Allen's mocking voice, rough hands, and monster black cock seemed a million miles away to the young woman as she showered in the safety of her brightly lit washroom. However, she could still feel the thick, sticky semen clinging to the insides of her vagina. What had happened earlier was no dream.

Washing her pussy, the girl recalled the day in shame. After leaving the prison, she had cleaned herself in her car and tried to make herself presentable. She drove straight to her boss and gave him the signed documents, hoping he wouldn't notice her state of disarray. The rest of the afternoon was spent in the office doing the usual paperwork, only this time hoping no one would notice she stunk of cum and pussy juices. She had tried to wash her pussy the best she could during her lunch break, but there was only so much you could do at a public toilet. The blonde knew she was lucky for two reasons: that her clothes were dark enough that you could barely see the cum stains, and that Carl decided not to spray his nut-butter all over her face and hair.

Stepping out of the bathtub, she remembered the rest of the afternoon - the awfulness in knowing that she was basically a cum-rag. She had felt like a nasty slut. Every time she had to get up from her desk to get something or talk to somebody, she wondered how they could not smell the musky sex-juices that emanated from her body?

She had also forgotten that it was Friday, and that she had a date with Steve to go to the opera in the evening. He phoned to say he'd be a bit late to pick her up and now she regretted not cancelling the date.

But the blonde had thought things through - she could try and bend the rules a bit, couldn't she? She decided that after her shower she would go to the mall and buy some clothes. How long could this genie magic thing last, she asked herself, it's got to end sooner or later. All of the clothes in her closet were gone, but what if she were to wear an outfit in her sleep? Would the clothes disappear the next day? Lori decided that she would have to experiment for a bit; she would go buy something to wear in her sleep tonight and see what would happen the next day. Regardless of what happened, she needed to try and at least do something.

Drying herself off with a big fluffy towel, Lori walked to her bedroom and noticed her work clothes on the floor had vanished. She stopped in front of her closet and steeled herself before opening it. Inside there hung a skimpy white skirt and a tiny white tank top. The curvaceous blonde slipped into the clothes and then wondered how she could wear such an outfit in public.

The tank-top was way too small for her and was cut fairly low; it was very revealing and showed off the tender swell of her large breasts embarrassingly. It seemed as if her magnificent tits threatened to spill out of her top at any minute. Also, the tank top stopped short just below the bottom of her tits, baring her toned, smooth stomach. The material was made of thin cotton, hugging her curvy figure and leaving nothing to the imagination. Poking through the sheer fabric, one could very easily see the arousal and dark coloring of her hard nipples.

Lori's skirt made her cringe in mortification. She had thought her black work skirt she had worn earlier was bad - tight and short and always seeming to ride up her thighs. But at least she could feel when it showed off too much leg. This new skirt not only seemed shorter but was loose and flared at the bottom, making her feel completely exposed to the world. They were also "low-riders," meaning that the skirt hung low on her hips, showing off a shocking amount of mid-riff. The waistline snugly fit her slim pelvis, hanging just above the crack of her ass at the back and several inches below her belly button in the front. Judging by the cut of the skirt, if Lori had any pubic hair left to show, anyone looking at her would have known she was a natural blonde!

Observing herself in the full-length mirror, the hot babe took a few steps back and forth, noticing how her skirt lifted and swayed to her motions, each movement revealing some tantalizing flesh. She did some more experimenting: bending over forwards with her legs straight, crouching down on her feet, doing a little jump. Almost every movement left some part of her bottom exposed. I don't even know if I can walk up stairs, she thought to herself.

However, Lori wasn't a quitter. Fuck it! I've got to get on with my life, she thought. With that, she went into her closet to find her footwear. She struggled into her new shoes - a pair of sandy colored platform clogs - about five inches high held together by a series of complicated straps and buckles.

After several minutes of fumbling with the straps, Lori was finally ready to leave. She wobbled a bit in front of the mirror; the shoes were nice and trendy but a bit too high for her tastes. The young woman looked in the mirror and didn't recognize herself anymore - what she saw instead was an almost unrecognizable slutty blonde.

**********************

Going to the mall was one of the most humiliating experiences in the young woman's life. As soon as she entered the place, she felt all these eyes on her - running over every inch of her luscious body. Men stopped in mid-conversation to turn and stare at her, their lusty gazes betrayed their desire for the buxom girl. Older ladies gave her disdainful, outraged looks. Girls her age and younger were clearly astonished by her sexy outfit, gawking at Lori before huddling together in a torrent of hushed, unbelieving conversation.

Lori tried to walk slowly and calmly, but she was not used to wearing her new clogs. If she tried to keep her tiny skirt from swaying too much, her boobs seemed to jiggle obscenely. Trying to keep her breasts from bouncing resulted in more hip motion, thus flashes of skin from underneath her dress would show.

To make matters worse, every ten minutes one of the straps of her clogs would come loose, and Lori was forced to kneel down and fix it. She had counted at least twenty people who had seen her playing with the straps on her shoes and now knew she had worn no panties. A couple of men received excellent views of her bare pussy lips. Somewhere, she thought bitterly, there is a genie laughing his ass off right now.

The blonde realized how famished she was, having skipped lunch because her stomach had been full of cum. She walked over to go to the food court to get some something to eat, not noticing the gang of teenagers that were following her. Sitting down with a plate of Japanese noodles, Lori began her meal when the group of about eleven teens surrounded her table.

Startled, Lori looked up, and her first reaction was of shock and then wonder. They all had the skater/jock look to them: muscular, tanned bodies with baggy pants and loose t-shirts. Looking to be around in the eighteen to nineteen age range - the normal testosterone driven punks looking for something to prove. She wondered what these boys wanted.

This gang of teens had watched this unbelievably attractive blonde enter the mall and then hadn't let her out of their sights for a single moment. Surreptitiously following the girl, they were floored to observe that she had no panties on! This fact alone got them all lathered up.

There were eleven of them in total, but the undisputed leader of the group was Brad - who was tall, dark, and handsome. He was the one who got laid the most, and it was he whom the others looked up to and followed. Staring at the lovely blonde, his mind raced with some rather indecent ideas.

He pulled up a chair and sat down next to Lori, motioning for a few of his friends to sit down also. The rest of the group knew he wanted them to stand around menacingly and block the view. Basically they enclosed the blonde within a circle of bodies so that it was hard for anyone to see what was happening inside of it.

"What do you boys want?" Lori asked, not really scared since they were in a public place.

Giving the blonde a wicked smile, Brad said, "Hey baby, what's your name? Mine's Brad."

"What's my name?" she replied, astonished by the teen's boldness. "Are you trying to pick me up?"

"C'mon, sweetheart," Brad cooed, laying it on thick. Most girls he knew loved this kind of attention. He had a hard time trying to keep his eyes level to Lori's and not on her magnificent tits. "God - you're so beautiful! Me and my friends just wanted to meet you!"

"Please," Lori said, exasperated, "I've had a bad day! I'm like - flattered and everything, but could you guys please leave me alone?"

Slightly aggravated by her tone, Brad slipped his hand onto her right knee, gently giving it a squeeze. "C'mon, honey! You've had a bad day? That's why you need to go party! Why don't you come with us? We'll get some beer and snacks - and get wasted!"

"Jesus - do you really think that a girl like me would want to party with a bunch of boys?" Lori angrily said, knowing that these thugs wanted something more than to just party with her. "Just leave me alone, or I'll -"

"Or you'll what?" Brad said in a threatening voice. He hated how condescending she sounded and wanted to teach her a lesson now. No more Mister Nice Guy! "You think anyone here is going to help you? Look around you!"

Lori glanced through the density of bodies surrounding her and could see that everyone else in near-empty food court was trying hard not to notice them. Couldn't they tell that she needed some help?

Her tormentor leaned in and said, smirking, "Baby, we're the local trouble-makers around here. Think those candy-assed forty-year olds over there will stick up for you? How about those two grandma's over there? Shit - right now they're trying real hard to pretend you don't even exist, missy!" Brad's hand began creeping up her thighs...

Suddenly scared, Lori wasn't as confident in her situation as she was five minutes ago. "I'll scream -"

Brad's hand grabbed her skirt, "You scream and I'll tear off your clothes!" He pointed to one of his friends. "See Tommy over there? He's got a camera, and he'll take pictures of you while you're stark naked in the mall. Then we'll post it on the Internet!"

The young blonde froze, "You wouldn't dare!"

"C'mon, girl! We just want to have some fun ..." the teen said, his hand past Lori's skirt and stroking the taut flesh of her inner thighs, dangerously close to her nether regions. "Just go back to what you were doing, and we'll do what we want to do!" He began coarsely stroking Lori's trembling pussy lips with his thick fingers.

"And you won't take any pictures?" she asked, nervously looking around the food court while her clitoris was being rubbed by a complete stranger. She closed his eyes as Brad's fingers swiftly plunged inside her cunt and explored her velvety insides. Lori couldn't believe she was being finger-probed in public!

"Just let us have our way, and there'll be no pictures," her violator whispered, quickening the pace of his fingers.

The teenagers began taking turns finger-fucking the girl, marveling at her sizzling pussy: scorching hot, slippery smooth, and flowing passionately with her sweet honey nectar. After the sixth teen had his lecherous digits embedded deep inside her gaping vagina, Lori had to quit eating as she had a massive orgasm, slick pussy lips clenched in a carnal frenzy of lust. Some of the boys were astounded by the power they held over the pretty blonde; as their fingers caressed and stretched her snatch, they watched as the exquisite girl twitched and quivered in perfect tune to their actions.

The combination of killer body, revealing clothes, and shaved pussy made all the boys turned on even more than before. She was being deflowered by all of them in public and although her mouth had said no, her body said yes. This erotic display from Lori had them all burning in desire; she had become a powerful aphrodisiac for them and they knew they had to have more from the girl.

By the time all eleven teens had finished, Lori's seat was covered in pussy-cream which made her bottom soggy and moist. Her tiny white skirt started soaking up some of the juices, becoming filmy and see-through in the process.

Several times the excited blonde had gasped out loud in pleasure, and now she timidly peered around to see if anyone in the food court had noticed her humiliation. It seemed the females hadn't paid any attention to the group's sexual escapades - or if they did take heed, they feigned ignorance. However, most of the men in the food court were indeed watching the show, the blushing girl noticed.

Brad sat down next to her and asked, "Where to now, baby?"

Eyes downcast, the sweaty, panting girl replied, "I've got to buy some clothes ..."

Chuckling roguishly, the teen said, "Follow me! I know just the place to go!"

Lori got up nervously and was half-dragged by Brad towards their new destination. She vaguely noticed that that her round tush was wet and sticky - covered in her slimy juices - which caused the back of her skirt to cling to it. Unfortunately for the girl, the skirt bunched up towards her waist so that everyone could now see her bare ass cheeks. What she did notice was when Brad crept his hand in between her clammy buttocks and once again massaged her cunt lips, only this time for the world to see.

Walking unsteadily on her clogs, Lori tried with little success to push Brad's arms away from her body. "Please - someone's going to see us!" She at least was able to pull down the back of her skirt enough so that his hand up the crack of her ass wasn't too noticeable.

Brad only grinned wickedly at the blonde, wondering why he was doing the things he was doing. Something about this girl made him want to act so immorally - made him want to use her voluptuous body in impure ways.

The boys brought her to a small clothing shop named Burnaby's which at the time had two workers and several people browsing the shelves. As the large group entered the store, the customers sensed something was wrong and quickly fled. The two employees - one male and one female - were good friends of the teenagers, and the girl manned the counter and kept watch over the store as the dozen males and Lori went to the back and crowded into one of the dressing rooms. It was a small, enclosed space, and only two of the teens plus Lori could fit into the room at once. The rest of the gang squeezed around the doorway and peered inside, content to wait their turn.

"Wait! Just wait a second!" the dazed blonde cried out. She couldn't understand how things gotten so out of control. One minute she was being finger-frigged at the food court and the next she was about to be gang-banged. She turned to Brad and said, "I don't -"

Brad pulled up her tight tank-top so that it clung to the top of her chest and freed her luscious boobs. All the boys whooped in unison as Lori covered herself with her hands. She quickly turned around - away from the teens and facing the inside of the dressing room - giving Brad the chance to pull her skirt down to her knees.

"Stop it!" she exclaimed in panic. Lori reached down and tried to pull up her skirt but Brad was too fast for the girl; with one hand on her slim waist, he gently nudged her over so that she teetered on her high-heeled clogs by the toes, and almost keeled over before catching herself on the lip of the seat-bench in front of her.

The gorgeous blonde was now totally exposed in front the group of teens; her body was bent over at the waist, ass sticking up lewdly in the air with legs fairly straight - basically a standing doggy-style position. Lori used her arms to lean against the seat to keep herself stable because her legs were very unsteady. Her skirt had gathered around her knees, keeping the girl from spreading them apart for better balance, yet her feet had somehow planted themselves far apart from one another. Since she was wearing wobbly, high-heeled shoes, she could barely rely on her legs to keep herself up.

Lori twisted her head around and noticed all the boys ogling her naked body. They had a perfect view of her glistening pussy and cute little rectum. Brad pulled out his erect, eight-inch penis and placed it at the entrance of her tender cunt lips, making the blonde start at the contact of his burning cock-head. The rest of the teens hollered their approval.

"Oh God!" Lori cried out as she was cruelly fucked for the second time that day.

Brad penetrated her snatch and pumped it furiously, his balls making a loud smacking sound as they slapped against her cunt-lips. Several of the teens took out their hard dicks and stroked them, waiting for their turn. The blonde turned her head so that she looked forward, unwilling to face her attackers - yet the mirror in front of her reflected their images back to her anyways.

One teen, unwilling to wait any longer, edged passed the girl and set himself on the bench-seat in front of her. He unzipped his pants and excitedly dangled his hard cock - oozing at the tip with pre-cum - just inches from her face.

The girl tried to evade his hard shaft and swung her head from side to side. Her actions were for nothing, as Brad grabbed her long hair from behind and pulled her head toward his friend's horny prick, who rammed it in ruthlessly between her open lips. The teen began drilling her sultry mouth with wild abandon, hitting the back of her throat as the girl easily swallowed his entire dick.

"Shit!" the teen said, beaming with pleasure. "This is what a blowjob feels like!"

Also grinning, Brad slapped Lori's sexy ass and said, "Is this little cock-sucker's technique good? I'm gonna have to get some of that as soon as I'm done here!" The two laughed and high-fived each other.

The gangbang became a blur to the distressed blonde as the horny teenagers took turns fucking her mouth and pussy. After Brad ejaculated inside her steamy snatch for the first time, it was open season on Lori's holes as the boys each scrambled to be next in line. The buggers were fairly impatient - since there were twelve guys to one girl - and managed to squeeze in two more inside the small room. Lori then had a cock in each hand to pump while fellating the fellow before her.

At first, she tried to count how many times the teens came inside of her, but she lost track after the tenth cock exploded inside her sizzling cunny. This was simply because the boys were still young and inexperienced, and after a few minutes of dick action they would quickly blow their loads. However, what they lacked in quality they more than made up in quantity; during the gangbang, each guy came at least three or four times on the poor girl, with some even managing to cum five or six times.

A half hour into the cluster-fuck the debauched blonde was already a smutty mess. Her body was strained from orgasm after orgasm from the non-stop, blistering sex. Sweat beaded her soft skin, her large tits flopped back and forth, and thick, salty sperm oozed from the corners of her dick-stuffed mouth. Her pussy was soiled from a sloppy mixture of semen by a dozen different spurting cocks. Every time someone jammed his hard pole inside of her cunt, gobs of gooey cum would gush out and fall to the ground.
