 Author's Note: a story requested by my reader, KC55. Also, I recommend reading the tags before reading the story.

*****

"Morning," Piper yawned as she strode into the kitchen. Her shirt was damp and strained around three poles, each of which visibly throbbed with their circuit of thick veins. Rivers of clear, viscous fluid leaked out from a trio of bulbous heads, each the size of an orange. They peeked out from her shirt's neckline, as if greeting her parents with her.

"Morning, sweetie," Piper's mother said, smiling welcomingly at her daughter. Her eyes caught the rigid pillars, though she didn't comment on them, "Tough wake up?"

"Yeah," Piper sighed, running a hand through her mop of brown hair, pulling thick globs of white from it, "Got close though. Another minute and I'd have finished."

"No need to push yourself," her mother assured her, setting down a plate of scrambled eggs and toast, "Everyone knows about your condition, after all."

"I know, but it'd be nice to have a little downtime," Piper lamented, even as one of her hands strayed to her cocks, stroking the tips and smearing them in pre-cum. She sat down with her legs spread wide. Her quartet of balls rested heavily on the chair, each large enough to overflow her palm like a softball. They throbbed against one another and her thighs, announcing their sheer potency with every beat of her heart.

She cringed as a sudden spurt of pre-cum splattered against her chin. The middle cock was getting close, she noted as she wiped away the slimy fluid before licking it from her fingers. There were always perks to life's oddities. In this case, Piper loved the taste of her ejaculate.

"Honey, not at the table," her father admonished with a slight frown, though it was akin to how one would chastise a child caught picking their nose. It was unavoidable for Piper.

"Sorry," Piper tucked into her breakfast, knowing that she only had a little bit of time before the cavalry arrived. Her multitude of cocks pulsed strongly at the thought, fully aware of what that meant. The abundantly endowed futa glanced at her parents, seeing that both were preoccupied. She leaned forward and aimed her middle prick at her breakfast, then stroked it through her shirt. A gush of pre landed on her plate.

Some people would think it disgusting, others just weird. She was with a rare few that found it both sexy and delicious. Piper shovelled a load of egg onto her toast and devoured it with gusto, practically moaning at the lewd flavour her pre-cum gave it. Her members all throbbed in response, feeding on her decadence. In a matter of minutes, her plate was empty save for a slight trail of slime. Her mother rolled her eyes when she recovered the plate.

"Sorry, couldn't help it," Piper shrugged, making her cocks rub against her shirt. She bit back a moan, something her mother caught.

"Go take care of that. Helen and Jen will be here soon anyway."

"Thanks... I'll, uh, try not to make a mess," Piper promised.

"No, you won't," both her parents retorted flatly.

"Do you have such little faith?" Piper gasped with a hurt expression. They shot her a dry, knowing look, one that had been formed after years of cleaning her messes. From her time in middle school, through to her senior year at high school. She slumped her shoulders in mock defeat, then perked up immediately and headed upstairs to the bathroom. Most of her early teens were spent in the bathroom, trying desperately to get her erections down before school.

Now she wasn't nearly as rushed. Everyone knew about her secret, though not by choice. A stray thought during freshman year and her cocks ripped through her pants, earning many horrified jeers, but also a handful of admirers. Size queens mostly, or just people curious about her condition. There were two that became her friends, then more, after the incident.

It was unmissable as well. Piper couldn't fathom why, neither could her physician of any other specialist, but after the incident her erections were nigh-infallible. They were erect when she woke up, when she went to bed, when she went to school...

Jerking them off worked, but only for a moment. Her cocks refused to cum in tandem, like a petulant team that hated each other. One would spew cum like a firehose, while the others fed off the pleasure radiating from it, only to climax after that had finished, thus bringing it back to an erection. Even when they finally seemed to peter out, she only had a small timeframe to deal with the remaining few. From there, she had to then control her urges.

It was almost a game to her. She usually had fifteen minutes after the first one went down to deal with the others, before it returned just as insatiable as ever. Her cocks were, in a sense, the most infuriating and intoxicating boss battle. A knock at the door brought a broad smirk to her lips. The best part of these games, she thought, was playing with friends.

Piper swung open the door to reveal the two eager smiles of her friends. They quickly rushed inside, taking turns to envelop her in a hug, mashing their plump tits into Piper's own womanly set and her eternally rigid shafts. Jen was the first, capturing the futa's plush lips in her own as their breasts warred for the company of Piper's cocks. When she pulled away, her shirt was slick with the multi-endowed futa's copious emissions.

Helen came in second, using her fuller lips to her advantage. Both moaned into the other's mouths as the girl's hands teased Piper's eager shafts. All three came together, sharing fleeting pecks as they warmed for what was to come. Piper kicked the door shut, then shooed them upstairs, following close behind. They giggled like a group of children about to play.

And they were, to a certain degree. Piper locked the bathroom door and turned to her friends, both of which were already stripping to reveal their lack of underwear and enticing figures. She did the same, tossing her drenched shirt into a corner with a lewd squelch. Her triple shafts fell forward under their weight, flinging pre-cum toward the girls. They giggled and rubbed it into their bodies, staring Piper dead in the eye.

"Don't tease me," Piper groaned, wrapping her hands around two of her cocks, leisurely stroking them to the sight before her. Jen and Helen both descended to their knees and crawled toward her, their faces alight with anticipation. All three shared a lustful smirk as Piper took the lead, tilting her head to capture a sensual, delicious pre covered cock head in her lips. A voracious moan preceded Jen's own as she took one into her mouth.

Helen slipped past the hulking prick. She ran her lips along the shaft, tongue gathering every drop of pre-cum that it could, tracing a vein down to Piper's doubly stuffed sack. It glistened softly with sweat, the summer weather taking its toll, adding to the muggy scent. Helen wrapped her lips around a softball sized orb and suckled on the sweaty flesh. She lapped her tongue along the salty scrotum, lathering it in her spit.

Her hands wrapped around the shaft, fingers failing to meet around its girth. As she sucked and licked, lips kissing all the while, Helen stroked her hands along the dominating shaft. Each ascent was a journey, travelling along a web of thick, pulsating veins to the slime-coated, spongy tip. Her fingers moved faster and faster as they were doused in slick pre.

Helen let her saliva build as she cleared every salty drop of perspiration from Piper's turgid balls. Lewd, sloppy sounds filled the air around her as she and the others sank deeper into their respective lusts. The futa's heady musk surrounded her, slipping deep into her mind and driving her desire. Potent pre-cum flowed liberally across Helen's hands, so slippery that her strokes seemed to glide along Piper's delectable cock.

"That's great, Helen," Piper moaned as she slurped up her abundant fluids, "But please suck my cock."

"Fine," Helen groaned, giving one last, sloppy kiss to each of the quartet, before climbing the sensual spear. She engulfed the head with a lewd groan, then gagged as it shoved against the back of her throat. Slime flowed freely from her experienced mouth, before being massaged into the hulking member. It glistened wetly with the mixture of spit and pre, though the smell remained Piper's, her delicious sexes saturating Helen's sinuses.

Her throat vibrated with a deep moan as she pushed deeper. Experience shone through as her throat opened wide. She ignored her gag reflex, even as her uvula scraped along the indominable and her saliva practically poured from her abused gullet. Her lips massaged the length as she devoured it, stretching her neck with the powerful cock. Helen hit her limit, however, with inches left to go. She held her place, swallowing around the prick as her lungs burned.

Jen was born for this. Her gag reflex was non-existent as she drove an entire foot in and out from her maw, doing so with an ease most pornstars went their entire careers without attaining, before taking the remaining six inches with a revenous moan. Every inch throbbed against her lips and tongue, while the rest strained against her oesophagus. Fresh gouts of pre-cum poured almost directly into her stomach, filling it with warmth. This was why she rarely ate breakfast anymore.

She twisted her hands as she withdrew. The slick, vein-riddled flesh around an iron-like spire was better than any silk or velvet to her. Jen thrived on this, hearing the depraved sounds of her friends moaning as they, too, lewdly sucked and pleasured Piper's triple helping of cock. She fixed her teary gaze on the centre most shaft as Piper worshipped the head with wet, lewd sounds only a lustful teen could make.

"Oh fuck, slow down, Jen," Piper groaned, panting hotly as she withdrew from her middle-member. She didn't go far, always with her lips against the shiny head, "I'll cum from there at this rate."

Jen groaned but slowed down as requested. She, instead, began to savour the sensations pervading her slavering maw. A flavour wholly unique to Piper amidst the usual saltiness of sweat and pre-cum. She noisily slurped along the shaft, sucking up any grime that she could, before releasing it once more. Her eyes looked up at Piper as the futa moaned louder than before. Jen slowly twirled her tongue around the tip, poking slightly into the opening.

"Shit!" Piper yelled as her right-side cock leapt within Jen's tight orifice and sent a deluge of scalding hot sperm rocketing down her whorish throat. The sound was audible to all three, their ears perking up to listen intently. It was equivalent to a water pistol, only on a far more powerful scale, squirting thickly down Jen's oesophagus.

Pre-cum oozed sympathetically from the remaining two. Piper and Helen gargled moans as their mouths were flooded with the bitter fluid, which poured down their thirsty throats in smooth and thick surges. Helen gagged as Piper's hips jerked forward under her orgasm's will. Gush after viscous, sperm-rich gush sang to their ears as a third of Piper's awe-inspiring ejaculate made filled and swelled Jen's flat gut.

"Jen," Piper whined as she pulled free and came down from her partial climax. She stared down at her friend, whose face was coated in a mix of spit, pre-cum, semen and tears. There was no denying that they were all born out of pure pleasure and debauched indulgence, as Jen's eyes blazed with her still unsated lust. Piper sighed and returned to her current cock, knowing that it was on the verge as well.

She sighed, "Hurry up or we'll be late."

Jen hummed her understanding as she resumed sucking like the diligent teenage slut she was. At least for Piper's cocks. She took a deep breath, filling her lungs as her stomach gurgled and sloshed with the potent contents. The scent of Piper's cocks was intoxicating, much more so when it seemed to dominate any other odour that came close. Jen's citrus perfume was utterly overpowered by it.

The three worked in tandem to bring Piper's members to a sharp climax. Sadly, their techniques and positions were too different to do so. Piper cried out as her middle shaft thickened massively and unleashed a flood of delicious, gooey jizz. It overflowed from her mouth, heavy streaks of white running down her shaft, before she swallowed her cock down her throat. Through the climax, Jen and Helen worked in near perfect sync, worshipping Piper's side cocks with their tongues and insides.

"Great," Piper muttered when her second climax ended, the final spurt raining upon their bodies. She heard a familiar song start; her ten minute warning, "We seriously need to practice this," she told the lower two, before laying a hand on their heads.

"But since there's no time for that," she continued, pulling them down her heavy cocks, while the third rubbed its slimy self along their cheeks, "I'm going to cum down your tight, little throats until we have to go." Piper smirked when she caught their nervous glances, both fully aware of the amount of tar-like jizz she had left to give.

Yet they didn't resist in the slightest. Jen, instead, raised her hand. Piper let her pull free with a lewd pop, thick strings of spit and cum hanging between her and the twitching cock. She panted heavily, as if she had been unaware of how starved her lungs were.

"Wouldn't fucking us be quicker?" Jen offered, silently spreading her legs with a slick noise. Her friend mimicked her, while she continued to suckle hungrily on Piper's cock.

"I suppose," Piper mused, then stepped back, yanking all twelve inches of her prick from Helen's battered throat. The two moved quickly. Jen laid on her back, thighs open wide and her experienced pussy butterflied open. Her juices coated her inner thighs in a pattern of sheer want. Helen crawled atop her, locking their legs together as their full tits met and mashed together. They shook their hips in unison as they shared Piper's flavour.

The futa stroked two of her cocks. They were in a triangle formation, with her middle, and thickest, cock above the bottom two. She poked one between Jen's ass cheeks, the vastly more experienced teen reached down and pulled them apart, then moaned as Piper poked at her tight rosebud. The triply endowed futa aimed a second prick at Jen's snatch and pushed inside, a mixture of their sensual juices lubricating the way. Her third dick, likewise, entered Helen's torrential pussy with a lewd squelch.

"Ah, fuck!" The two gasped, before returning to their sloppy kiss. Piper only moaned hotly as the velvet insides of her friends sheathed her cocks, wrapping them in delicious sensations. She sank deeper, pushing past their cervixes with ease. Jen and Helen were both born with a rare abnormality, though theirs only showed itself in a situation such as this. Their wombs greedily swallowed Piper's cocks, devouring the naked prick with ease.

"So good," Piper panted. She angled her hips downward, thrusting her cocks upward into her friends. Both moaned, the sound muffled by their lips. Piper practically heard it as they sloppily made out, and their tongues wrestled, passing spit between the imperfect seal. The futa laid her hands on Helen's ass, the broad cheeks depressing under her hands with the slightest pressure. Piper gave a power thrust, driving a combined fifty-four inches of cock into the pair.

The slap of her crotch against Helen's thick rear sent the fleshy mounds jiggling. Piper gripped them tightly, sinking her nails into the lustful swells, holding Helen still as she pulled back. Both girls' pussies were tight around her, already cumming from just a single penetration. A fountain of juices followed Piper's retreat, making the next thrust even easier than the last.

Piper quickly found her rhythm as she had dozens of times before. Her friends were almost as insatiable as her cocks, always willing and eager for sex. Jen usually made the offer, being the more outspoken of the three. The egregiously endowed futa expertly alternated her thrusts, angling up and down.

She struck every pleasure-point with unerring precision. Piper knew her friends insides like the back of her hand, even the one with a mangled scar from when she had gashed it open as a child, easily sending Jen and Helen into a slew of climaxes that few could match. She felt Helen's snatch clamp down hard, signalling her to reach forward and grab her hair.

"How's it feel, bitch?" Piper growled, tugging the buxom brunette from her more developed friend, "You've got a freak-futa fucking your dirty little cunt with her giant cock. I'm all the way in your womb."

"Ahh!" Helen merely cried out, bucking against the hasty thrusts.

"And all while your sister is watching us," Piper added, shooting her gaze to Jen's equally lustful face, "Look at her, Helen. She's watching me fuck your filthy pussy, she's watching you act like a fucking whore. Is that what you are? A disgusting whore for my cocks?"

"Yes!" Helen hissed, losing herself in the pleasure as she rocked with Piper's thrusts. Jen watched it all through lust-glazed eyes, her lower holes stuffed to bursting with cock. She and Helen weren't sisters by blood, though they felt like it sometimes. Not that it would matter. They had crossed any familial lines years ago after meeting Piper. Jen moved her hands to Helen's belly, which bulged frequently with Piper's thrusting cock.

The futa groaned and gasped, her rhythm faltering. Her thrusts turned erratic, jerking forward to busy every broad inch into the step-siblings' bodies. They mirrored her sounds, gasping faster as they came once more.

"Oh fuck, cumming!" Piper screamed, her world imploding to three specks of absolute bliss as her cocks all exploded in symphony. Or rather, they should have. Jen's ass and pussy clenched just right at the perfect moment, bringing the two to a roaring climax before the other. It joined them in release, but it was too late. As the first pair slowed to a trickle, the third's pleasure kept them hard as stone.

Neither of the three cared. They were buried under a mountain of lust as quarts of cum spewed into them. The sound rose above their hoarse cries. Gelatinous waves of cum flew into their orifices, filling their wombs in moments. Jen's bowels were doused in the tide, which rapidly flowed up her insides into her already full stomach.

Every drop was riddled in sperm, the tiny cells seeking their prey. Jen and Helen weren't careless, despite their nigh-insatiable libidos. Nonetheless, their wombs savoured the sensation of trillions upon trillions of sperm swimming around inside of them. They couldn't consciously feel it, however just the fantasy was enough to prolong their own explosions of bliss. Through the torrential bliss, their eyes met, a thought passing between them; one day, they would skip the birth control.

Piper's hips jerked with every release. They slapped against the step-sisters, smacking wetly over the sounds of her persistent release and pleasure. Her balls clenched and unloaded time after time, all four churning with cum even as what felt like gallons were expulsed from her shafts.

She wasn't thick enough to keep everything inside, however. Splashes of cum shot back against her, splattering Piper's crotch and the sisters' asses. Piper continued to thrust and orgasm, ignorant to pressure within her friends. Jen's hands Piper's and lead them in massaging the extreme excess into Helen's ass, making the tan skin glisten sexily. A powerful spurt sent a streak of jizz across Piper's chest and a single dollop onto her face.

"Piper! You're gonna be late!" Piper's mother called. Her voice slashed through the shroud of ecstasy like a knife, bringing the three from their orgasmic stupor.

"Fuck," Piper groaned, unable to tell if she was annoyed at the interruption or that she'd failed, again, to make herself go soft before school. Her orgasm petered out, spilling the final drops into her friends, before pulling out. She grunted with effort, her cum having thickened through her orgasm into a near-glue substance. It almost seemed to suck her back in. Jen and Helen were too exhausted by their own releases to do so.
