 I'm not so sure 'going with the flow' is such a good idea at the moment, thought Mitch, seeing the unbridled sex going on around him and Lisa. He was almost positive she was thinking the same thing.

"Uh, no; not yet," Mitch stammered, answering Darrin's question and trying to be as neutral as possible despite the fact that his wife Amanda was giving him a blowjob right in front of the scientists. "We could go look through main storage again, if you want."

"Hold on a second," Darrin answered, pulling out his cell phone. As he talked into it, Amanda doubled her efforts and sucked his cock harder bobbing her head faster. Mitch and Lisa noticed the others around them were in the midst of finishing their sexual antics as well.

"Wait a minute," said Darrin as he paused his phone conversation. He pushed his hips forward and groaned as Amanda sucked and slurped around his cock. With a couple of huffs, Darrin bucked his pelvis and started coming into his wife's mouth, her muffled moans teasing his cum out. With one last longing suck, she swallowed the last of his sperm and gently cleaned off the remaining spunk and spittle with her tongue.

"Okay," sighed Darrin as he went back to the phone, "Let me know the minute they're ready; we'll have someone come and pick them up." He stuffed the phone back into his pocket as Amanda rose up off her knees and tucked his spent prick back into his pants.

"How was that?" she asked with a wicked grin.

Darrin took his wife into his arms and answered, "Wonderful as always, my dear."

After sharing a kiss, she said, "Good, because after lunch... it's my turn."

He grabbed and fondled her ass and replied, "Oh, you better believe it, lady."

She snickered with a smile and gave him a quick kiss before leaving.

Mitch and Lisa were... shocked, bewildered, amused? They weren't really sure; perhaps all of the above... and more.

"Well, the fab plant says that the couplings aren't quite ready yet; no wonder you couldn't find them. Give 'em a couple of hours, and they should have something for us."

Mitch was shaken back to reality when he realized Darrin was speaking to them, and answered, "Uh, right. Well, that explains it. Okay, so... now what?"

Darrin turned to the pair at the fuel processor, "Is that unit calibrated yet?"

"Just about," the half naked girl responded, "Just have to get...ugh... the regulators timed... ooh... and in sequence." She finished her adjustments on the unit just as the young man fucking her from behind was about to cum. She steadied herself and moaned, arching up on her toes and making her thighs quiver, as she bore down on his cock and came. The man shoved his dick all the way inside of her and grunted as he blasted her vagina, coating it with thick sticky blobs of sperm.

Sighing with a smile, she looked over her shoulder and blew the guy a kiss, saying, "Thank you."

"Thank you," he emphasized back, reaching down and pulling up her pants. He snugged them into place, then snapped and zipped them as she finished the proper adjustments.

Mitch and Lisa still weren't sure exactly what was going on in this dimension, but played it cool for now. Their thoughts were interrupted when Darrin called to them.

"Mitch, would you have a look at the main computer breakers? One of them doesn't want to cooperate. It's okay for now, but we're going to need it at peak output when we start testing."

"Uh, yeah; sure thing. Lisa?"

She nodded at his unasked request for her to join him in the breaker room. Mitch closed the door on the room just as the man on the floor rose, after he finished feasting upon the workbench girl's pussy, and unzipped his pants positioning himself behind her bare ass.

Once alone in the breaker room, Mitch and Lisa just looked at each other with incredulous eyes.

"Do I even want to know what's going on?" Lisa asked in a hushed voice.

Mitch looked over the breaker panels and found the one causing the problem. While he adjust it, he answered, "I'm not sure, myself. A sexually open society? People having sex wherever and whenever they feel like it, and it doesn't bother anyone?"

"Maybe they took that 'free love' and 'sexual revolution' thing more seriously than we did in our universe."

Fixing the problem with the breaker, Mitch turned to Lisa, "Possibly, but something must have triggered it in order to take it this far. We need to look into this later."

Lisa nodded, "Okay, but for the time being what do we do? You want me to drop to my knees, open your pants, and blow you?"

Mitch snickered at that and got a bemused look on his face, actually considering the offer for a moment. But he shook his head and replied, "No, you don't have to do that; we're not that far into this yet." They turned to leave the room, but Mitch stopped and thought for a second.

"You know, I didn't see anyone forcing their partner to do anything. In fact, I saw a couple of team members not engaged in any kind of sex activity. They were ignoring the others as if nothing was going on... almost like it was something that happens on a regular basis."

"Maybe it does," Lisa pointed out, "You're right, though; we need to check this out and find out what's going on before we start fooling around."

They both left the breaker room just in time to hear the gal at the workbench moaning and mewling from the pounding the guy behind her was giving her pussy. His grunting got louder as he stiffened up and started cumming inside her, and her legs and ass jiggled as her orgasm quivered through her body making her groan with pleasure. She paused to catch her breath as he knelt down to pull up her skirt, then turned to face him and planted a sexy kiss on his lips.

Watching the pair of lovers dressing, that's when it hit Lisa; the one thing that stood out more than just the casual sex going on: nobody was wearing underwear. Out of curiosity, she reached behind her and felt up the skirt she was wearing. Her eyes widened when, sure enough, she felt her bare ass instead of panties.

"Thank you," she said in a whisper, "I feel so much better now."

"Me, too," her partner replied with a grin, "You were great."

And just like that, the pair parted without so much as another word or even a final endearing glance at each other. He walked back to his computer terminal while she returned to her work at the bench, almost as if their fucking was part of their daily routine.

Once again, Mitch and Lisa just stared at each other, speechless.

Darrin walked back into the lab with his wife in tow and asked, "All set with that breaker?"

Mitch was shook back into the here and now, realizing that Darrin was addressing him, "Uh, yeah; it's good to go, now."

He and Lisa were trying to ignore the fact that Amanda was hanging all over her husband and trying to seduce him, nibbling at his neck while her hand was fondling his crotch.

"Great. Well, I'm going to lunch; I think everyone should do the same. We won't be able to do much without those couplings anyway," then he addressed the rest of the staff as he reached down and grabbed a handful of his wife's butt, "Take a lunch, people; see you in an hour."

The lab team filed out of the lab with Darrin and Amanda in the lead, some chatting and laughing while a few were following their boss's lead by groping each other, leaving Mitch and Lisa alone.

"Okay, something's definitely up with all of this."

Lisa just smirked at his comment and started to say something, but Mitch cut her off as he headed for his computer, "Don't even say it."

Lisa snorted at that and got next to him as he typed in some commands on the keyboard.

"Okay," he started, looking over the schematics of the fusion prototype, "according to this, the model is almost finished and should be ready for testing soon. The main program is set up and is currently..." He paused when he felt something grabbing him. Looking down, he saw Lisa's hand rubbing his crotch and asked, "Lisa... what are you doing?"

She simply shrugged and answered, "Well, 'when in Rome, do as the Romans do'."

But Mitch gently pushed her hand away, "I appreciate the gesture, but we've got to check things out first. You said yourself that things may look fine on the outside, but the inside may be different. We've got to know where we stand in this dimension before we join in on the festivities." Mitch typed up an outside web source and saw Lisa's frown in the screen's reflection. He turned to her and, reaching down, grabbed her butt and gave it a squeeze, "We'll play later; I promise."

Her smile came back as she idly thought about the kind of 'playing' they were going to do, and watched the screen as an information network popped up. The general headlines of the day's news flashed across the screen, and the top story 'Castration Victim Dies' caught Mitch's attention. Clicking and scrolling through the story, he read about a man who was a victim of a brutal sexual assault, the sixth in a series of attacks on men, and who had died do to some type of blood infection after his genitals were forcibly removed. He quickly changed back to the main screen, not wanting to read any more of the story nor did he want Lisa to see it.

What the Hell was that all about, he thought. 

Mitch typed in 'Current laws regarding sexual relations', and a lengthy document appeared that looked like something from the government on a federal level. It even had the official government seal stamped at the top of the page.

"Wow," said Mitch, surprised to see such a document let alone so much of one, "there's at least three dozen pages to this."

"Will this lead us to how this whole thing got started?"

He nodded to Lisa, "Yes, there's a 'history' subsection attached to it; that should be a good place to start. We'll come back to the document later."

Mitch clicked 'History', and the document was replaced with about three pages of background information. Mitch scanned the first few paragraphs... and his face went almost white.

"Mitch, what's the matter?"

He ushered Lisa to the screen and said, "You're not going to believe this," pointing to the words.

She read what he did and her face matched his almost exactly, "Oh, my God." She didn't want to believe what she was reading, but there it was in black and white. The text read:

'The Re-population Act was adopted and put into law in 1953, following years of debate between the nations of the world. Though some world leaders and their government constituents were dubious about implementing such an extreme act, fearing the general populace would reject such a measure, the majority of the world's powers deemed this measure 'the only viable way to re-populate the Earth and secure the continuation of the human species'.

'After 93% of the world's population was exterminated by the chemical...'

"What?" Lisa had to re-read that sentence twice before she clicked the 'background' highlight to find out what it meant. She almost regretted it.

'In December of 1948, just after the end of World War II, it was calculated that over 90% of the world's population would be infected by the chemical agents that were used by Nazi Germany to exterminate populated areas of the world. Six months later, their estimations were found to be correct; 93.4% of the population of the Earth was dead or would be dead within a year's time.'

'The consensus among the remaining government officials was that the Untied States, delaying their entry in the war, allowed Germany the time to complete its experiments involving heavy water and their V-2 rocket program. Nazi scientists convinced Chancellor Hitler that their rockets were not powerful enough to reach certain targets with any certainty of success. They instead proposed using chemical agents that would disperse through the atmosphere and infect a wider range of area without the costly use of atomic energy.'

'Unknown to the Nazis at the time, the chemical agents maintained their viability much longer than calculated and, with the atmospheric currents and trades winds to carry them, spread themselves over half of the surface of the Earth. The agents killed tens of millions, wiping out whole populations of countries within a matter of weeks, including the entire population of the European continent, effectively annihilating the Nazi Regime and its European allies...'

Lisa turned away from the screen, holding her hand to her mouth; she thought she was going to be sick.

"My God," Mitch muttered, shaking his head at what he was reading, "The Nazis tried to rid the Earth of everyone so that their 'master race' would be the only remaining species... and they destroyed themselves in the process." He continued where Lisa left off...

'After the attack ran its course, the residual effect of the chemical agents began to sicken those who were not directly affected and, within one month, the remaining populations of the war zones and neighboring areas began to die off. Two thirds of the African continent were devoid of human life within a two month period, and most of the Middle East and Asia were infected two months afterward including India, China, and Japan. Australia escaped the worst of the attack, suffering only 10% casualties, as well as southern Africa.'

'The chemical agents began to dissipate just after atmospheric conditions carried them to the west coast of the Untied States,Canada, and Latin America, infecting and killing over two thirds of those continents' populations before finally becoming inert, while South America managed to save almost half of their continent's population...'

"Jesus," Mitch whispered as he clicked back to the former page, "World War II lasted longer even after the battles were over. The Nazis were determined to win, even though they didn't know they had already lost when they launched those chemical weapons. And almost everyone suffered the same fate, even after the war was over."

Lisa, with tears in her eyes, asked, "How could they have let it get that far? Why didn't someone stop them? Why didn't the United States stop them?"

"It's just like I explained before: all it takes is one decision to change things, for good or ill," Mitch worked the screen back to the place where he left off and continued, "According to their history, Roosevelt delayed America's entry into the second world war for some reason. After his death in 1945, Truman declared war against the Axis just as Nazi Germany completed their V-2 rocket programs and used chemical warfare instead of nuclear to take over the world... and it backfired on them."

"And the rest of the world paid the price for their arrogance," Lisa spat out, thoroughly disgusted.

Mitch nodded, equally sickened, "So, in order to bring the population back up to viable numbers, they enacted this measure to re-populate the human species." He gestured at the screen and they both continued reading...

'After 93% of the world's population was exterminated by chemical warfare at the end of World War II, the remaining officials of the world's governments decided that drastic measures must be taken in order to ensure the continuation of the human species. To that end, the Re-population Act was drafted, laying out detailed mandates and instructions to the remaining populace.'

'Basically, the measure instructed women to become pregnant at their earliest opportunity and equally instructed men to impregnate as many viable women as possible. This would allow both sexes, regardless of any marital and/or religious status, to copulate and engage in sexual intercourse whenever possible...'

"You've got to be shittin' me!" Mitch just stared at the screen, dumbfounded, "The government ordered women to get pregnant and told the men to fuck any women they wanted... whether they were married or not, or despite what their religions said?"

Lisa was just as shocked, "So guys just walk up to a woman, and she just dropped her pants or lifts her skirt... and let's the guy bang 'em? All because the government said so?"

"Apparently so," Mitch went back to the document...

'Though the measure took a few years to take effect, almost 89% of the population were in favor of the act, despite protests from religious organizations and extremist groups. During the sixties, most people didn't object to open sexual relations in public venues, again despite objections, though strict enforcement of the laws regarding minors and sex acts that weren't considered 'productive' were implemented...'

Mitch and Lisa continued reading, noting the laws against any type of sexual behavior that didn't involve impregnation were strictly adhered to; any type of 'fetish' sex was not allowed in public. Moreover, the laws involving minors were enforced to the point of even harsher penalties against convicted male offenders, chief among them was physical castration. Female offenders would be rendered 'sterile', thus unable to receive government assistance.

This was the main reason people took to the measure so readily. The governments of the world offered assistance to any female/couple willing to extend their families beyond their usual financial means. Everything from housing to full medical coverage would be provided, including generous monthly stipends to help with miscellaneous expenses if their current jobs didn't pay well enough. A short time later, single men (who for whatever reason had a family, but no spouse) were added to the list of recipients as well as those whose children were adopted.

There was a small section dealing with homosexuality and how it would affect the mandate in the long run. But the government's conclusions were that it ultimately wouldn't be a threat to the re-population efforts. This dimension's scientists discovered, much earlier than their counterparts in Mitch and Lisa's world, that homosexuality was not an affliction or psychological disorder and didn't need to take steps to correct it. But homosexuals were not allowed to participate in any of the government assistance programs. After a time, two exceptions were allowed: those whose children (if any) were adopted, or those who volunteered to provide reproductive material to clinics, such as semen or egg donations for artificial insemination. 

Since there was no reason to fund most types of major military groups now that there was very little to fight about and not enough people and materials to fight with, the medical, housing, and social assistance industries flourished like no other, and after almost four decades the population of the Earth grew to more acceptable numbers.

"Unbelievable," Mitch uttered, "Women allowed men to fuck them whenever it suited them, and they saw no reason to stop even after the population reached a sustainable number."

"Wait a second," Lisa interrupted, scanning the paragraphs further, "That's not entirely true; take a look."

Mitch looked at where Lisa was pointing at the document and read on...

'In 1972, an amendment introduced by representatives of the Women For Equal Rights Association was added to the Re-pop Act, giving women more flexibility when performing sexual acts. Not only were they given the right to refuse sexual intercourse if they didn't want to participate, they were also free to engage men if they were interested. This enabled women to play a more active role in re-populating the Earth, being able to choose more acceptable partners. Proponents of this amendment took it a step further the next year by allowing oral sex to be added to the list of acceptable acts, citing that some women preferred not to become pregnant or couldn't because of physical and/or medical reasons.'

'An official census taken by the world council in 1976 revealed that the population of the Earth had reached the one billion mark, and that the Re-pop Act was a success and no longer necessary. However, the majority of the populace told their representatives that they wanted to keep the Act in place, citing crime and health risk statistics that were at an all time low...'
