 "Ok girls, we just want you to walk to the end of the hallway and back," Mist told them. "You're in no hurry. Just a casual stroll."

A woman a little older than Orchid and her Sister, who hadn't been introduced or said a word, began playing a slow, soft tune on a pianoforte. The girls followed each other down the hall, dressed in their new, very tight slacks and embarrassingly tiny tops.

Orchid was acutely aware of the way the little top flapped as she walked, her nipples peeking out from underneath with each step. The floor was cool under her bare feet, and without even realizing it, her steps began to match the rhythm of the song.

They had spent years learning how to make even something as mundane as strolling down a hall a graceful act, and moved smoothly through their lap, returning to wear Mist stood and the old mother sat in a chair, watching and judging.

The younger woman nodded and frowned thoughtfully. "Not bad," she said in approval. "We can work with this."

"Bah!" the old mother spat. "It's like watching buffalo, the way they stomp!"

The girl's faces burned, insulted but unwilling to say anything and risk the elderly woman's sharp tongue. They didn't need to defend themselves-Mist did it for them.

"Oh poo," she said. "It's fine."

She turned to the girls. "You're all graceful and smooth. The problem is, you're also reserved. Controlled. Far too demure."

She smiled. "What you want to be is sensual. Seductive. Feline, even. You want to draw the attention of every eye."

She loosened her robe and let it slide down her body. "Watch, now," she said, and took her own walk.

The girls gaped, their mouths open. They'd never seen a woman wear such a revealing outfit. Mist's top was even smaller than their own, and her bottoms were scandalous-little more than a tiny triangle in front, with thin strings that wrapped around her narrow hips and between her otherwise bare buttocks.

They'd never seen shoes like hers before either. On Mulvadora, woman wore flat sandals or slippers, or warm boots when the weather was cold. In their brief time on Vens, the girls had gone barefoot. 

Mist was wearing open toed shoes that had a narrow spike at the back, making it look like she was walking on her tiptoes. To Orchid, it looked very uncomfortable.

"Watch my feet," Mist called out softly as she turned. The girls how she took short steps, and placed her feet almost directly in front of each other, as if she was walking on an invisible straight line.

She stopped to show them exactly how her feet landed, the heel of the front foot directly in front of the toes of the back.

"This time, watch my hips," she said, and started another circuit. With each step, her hips twitched from side to side, making her bottom jiggle alluringly.

"Don't swing your hips," she told them. "Don't overdo it. Just let your body flow naturally."

"Your shoulders will move too," she said as she walked back towards them. "That's good. It makes your breasts bounce and sway."

She stopped and put her hand on Gem's shoulders, smiling as she addressed the whole group. 

"Your walk should be a dance," she instructed. "rhythmic and lovely. You have beautiful bodies. Be proud of them. Display them proudly. They are a gift from the gods."

Her hand moved onto Gem's back, and she guided the girl around her. "Give it a try, sweetheart," she encouraged.

With a gulp, Gem began walking. She was awkward at first, thinking about where to put her feet, but after a few steps got the hang of it.

"Remember," Mist continued telling them, "you want to draw attention to yourself. You want to be noticed, to be looked at, to be admired and desired."

She smiled at Gem as she re-joined the group, and sent Flower on her way. The old mother sat in her chair, silent and scowling.

"Not bad at all," Mist said, smiling at Gem. To Flower, she called softly "don't rush, sweetheart. You're not trying to get it over with."

They could see the girl slow down, and Orchid thought it helped. Flower swayed prettily, and Orchid found herself silently thinking "step...step...step..." as she tried to follow the rhythm of the music.

One by one, the girls were sent down the hall to walk a lap or sometimes two, and given instruction, criticism, and praise. 

"Relax," Mist told Heather, turning her to walk again. "You're way too tense. Flex your knees, remember to breathe, and use the music."

Old mother let the first few girls attempts pass without comment, but when Ornament took her turn, she could hold her tongue no longer.

"Girl, you look like you're walking to your own execution," she grumbled, shaking her head.

"Smile," she told the girl. "Stand up straight and enjoy what you're doing. This is supposed to be fun! You're learning how to be beautiful when you walk, not being punished!"

Mist put an arm around the tiny girl's shoulders and whispered in her ear. Orchid could see her take a couple deep, slow breaths, and she walked the hallway again.

"A little better," old mother said grudgingly when she was done.

Wisteria went next, and when she got back to the group old mother called her over to her chair.

"You, girl, need to do it different. Forget about not swinging your hips. You need to shake that big butt."

She stretched out her thin arms, holding her hands about six inches from Wisteria's hips.

"When you walk, pretend there's a target on each side of you-right here," she said as the girl looked down. "You want to hit those targets with every step."

Wisteria walked again, this time tossing her hips from side to side. 

"A little less, dear," Mist called. Orchid thought she looked kind of silly, but the woman were pleased. Mist gave the girl a warm smile as she returned, and even old mother nodded her approval.

When it was Breath's turn, Orchid felt her fists clench, hoping her friend would do well. She thought Breath looked graceful and feminine, but the old mother was not pleased.

Girl, you walk like you're trying to stamp out a fire. Walk soft! You're not a marching soldiers, you're a pretty girl. Gliiiide," she growled.

"Step more on your toes and the balls of your feet," Mist added as the girl tried again.

Midnight was also encouraged to lift her heels, adding a little bounce to her steps-and to her ample bosom. The girl flushed, partly in pride and partly in embarassment, as her breasts shook and wobbled.

Then Orchid was up. She took a deep breath, trying to relax and let her movements flow.

"Ugh!" the old mother grumbled. "Girl, you're about as graceful as a carp in a corn field."

"You're stiff," Mist told her. "Stiff and thinking way too much about what you're doing. Free your mind, sweetheart. Let your body move the way it wants to move."

Chastised and humbled, she tried again. Old mother of course scowled at her, but Mist gave her a nod.

"That's a little better. Try this," she said. She arranged Orchid's arms so her left hand was on her hip, the fingers pointing at the floor, and her right arm was bent at the elbow, her hand waist high.

Orchid moved down the hall again, and the new position of her arms seemed to help. Her walk flowed, seeming smoother.

"You've got a long way to go, girl," old mother grumbled, "but at least you don't look like you're gonna fall on your face that way."

Orchid gave the old woman a small smile, recognizing that (from her) that was praise.

One by one, the rest of the girls took their turn. Heart also heard some harsh words, the old mother telling her 'you look you're struggling in a hurricane.' 

Mist smiled at the girls as she helped the old mother to her feet. "For now, try to walk that way all the time. Don't think of it as practice. Practice is the same as work. Think of it as a new trick, and have some fun with it."

Naturally, Flower took the woman's words to heart. As soon as the girls were alone in the hall, she grabbed Wisteria by the hand and they walked together, both swinging their hips in an exaggerated motion, bumping hips with every step as the other girls laughed.

XXXXXXXXXX

The girls sat on their couchs, giggling like little kids as Mist talked about...well, talking.

"How many of you ever got in trouble for saying a bad word?" she asked, and several hands went up.

She pointed at Magenta. "What did you say, dear?"

Magenta looked at her feet. "I...I called the girl I was sharing a room with a bitch," she confessed in a small voice.

Mist smiled at the girl, obviously amused. "Tell me dear-what do you call a bitch when she's ready to mate?"

Magenta thought for a moment. "In heat?" she asked uncertainly.

The woman nodded. "Now say the whole thing."

Magenta hesitated for a moment, biting her lip. Finally, very quietly, she almost whispered "B-bitch in heat."

Mist gave the girl a encouraging smile. "Excellent!"

She looked at the others. "That's a good phrase to remember," she told them, her eyes twinkling.

There were more giggles, and old mother pointed her cane at Heart.

"You, the creative one. Say a dirty word."

Heart gulped and thought for a second. "Ummm...boobs?"

Mist chuckled, and the old mother barked laughter. "Boobs? Are you kidding me?"

Heart blushed, and the old lady waggled her cane tip again.

"Try 'tits'," she suggested.

"T-tits," Heart replied, blushing even deeper.

The cane moved, pointing at Midnight. "Say 'my big titties.'"

The girls continued to giggle and blush, caught up in the playful, naughty game. Soon, the cane was pointing at Orchid.

Obediently, she repeated the phrase 'big hot tits', by far the dirtiest words she'd ever said.

There was more. Mist taught them jugs, melons and hooters, and grinning girls dutifully repeated the funny, sexy words.

Orchid was chosen again, to say 'throbbing nipples,' and the words made her aware of her own nipples, visible under her tiny top. Unfamiliar sparks of heat danced in her lower belly as the game continued.

She was acutely aware of her tight slacks, and the way they pressed firmly between her legs. She wanted to squirm and wriggle, and had to fight to keep her breathing slow and regular.

She glanced around. Some of the girls were fidgeting, but none of them seemed to be squirming the way she wanted to. She blushed softly, trying to keep her arousal a secret.

Mist smiled warmly at the happy girls. "All right, that's almost enough for today. Just one more thing..."

She pointed at each girl in turn and had them say 'fuck'. Orchid could barely hold back a groan of desire as she said that forbidden word out loud.

As Mist helped the old mother to her feet, the cane waved again.

"How many of you girls feel aroused right now?"

Most of the girls hesitantly lifted a hand, Orchid among them.

"Do not," the elderly lady warned emphatically, "do not try to pleasure yourself. The gods strongly disapprove. Your bodies and your passion belong to them, and to their servants. Savor your heat-it is a gift from the gods."

"And keep up the sexy walking," Mist added as they left the room, old mother leaning on her arm.

The blushing, giggling girls looked at each other.

"It's gonna be a lonngg night," Flower said laughing.

XXXXXXXXXX

They showed off their walks the next couple mornings, and blushed and giggled their way through learning dirty words in the afternoon (Orchid finally learned what 'twat' meant), than Mist added to their outfits again.

First, she had the girls change from their bright colored slacks into the shorts she had given them-right there in the hall, in front of each other, Mist, old mother, and the silent pianoforte player. The girls laughed, blushed and squeaked as they struggled into the skin tight garments, dancing and even jumping to pull them into place.

The shorts weren't really that short-they covered a good four inches of thigh, but simply exposing that much leg was a new experience. And the stretchy material clung to their hips and rumps, showing off every curve and jiggle.

Oddly, it was at the top that the shorts seemed most scandalous. The distance from the crotch to the waistband was so small it barely covered the top of the girl's bottoms.

Orchid also found that if she tried to tug them up higher, they dug uncomfortably between her legs.

And then they got shoes! Not flats either-the soles sloped up from the toes to heels, adding a full two inches to each girls height.

Even those little heels made most of the girls wobble. They had spent most of their lives either barefoot or wearing simple flat shoes. Still, as she adjusted and got used to the change in her balance, Orchid could see the appeal of the shoes.

Looking at her Sisters, she could see how the heels lift seemed to lengthen their legs, accentuate their bottoms, and force them to stand up straighter to stay balanced, let alone look graceful.

Old mother alternated between cackling laughter and insults as she watched the girls stumble in the unfamiliar heels, but they got the rhythm fairly quickly. Up on her toes, walking with her feet aligned, Orchid couldn't help the way her hips swayed, and her full breasts wobbled under her skimpy top.

Her calves and toes got a little sore after a while, but Mist assured the girls their muscles would adjust and strengthen.

"Anyway, men love them," she said, "so we wear them. Me, I'm so used to heels that it actually is more uncomfortable to wear flats. My feet and legs are used to being in this position."

To celebrate, the girls also got their ears pierced. Mist did it herself, putting small, bright red stones in each girl's lobe.

"The color tells everyone you're still a virgin," she explained. "After your first night, you'll be allowed to switch wear other colors, or even hoops."

She flicked her hair back, showing the small gold hoops that dangled from her own delicate ears.

She warned each girl that they'd feel a little poke. Orchid barely noticed, but a few of the girls yelped, and little Ornament actually started to cry.

That made old mother cackle with glee. "Adorable," she said, wheezing with amusement. "Their hasn't been a prize like you come through the Gate in many a year."

XXXXXXXXXX

One night, an hour or so after the girls finished a typical uninspiring supper of black beans and rice, pear slices, and milk, Mist surprised them by appearing in the doorway.

"Something special tonight, girls," she said, and took them to a new chamber. Their was a big oval table with thirteen chairs. On the table were several bottles of amber liquid, jugs of water, and a glass for each of them.

Mist opened one of the bottles and poured a small amount into each glass, then filled them the rest of the way with water. She swirled the drinks around to mix them, then gave one to each girl.

Smiling, she stood up and raised her glass. "This is called a toast," she told them.

"To happy days and sexy nights!"

Some of the girls giggled.

"Now, touch your glass gently with the girl next to you, and take a drink."

Orchid naturally was sitting next to Breath, her best friend, but she turned the other way, so Orchid tapped glasses with Gem.

She made a little face when she tasted the drink. She wasn't the only one. Ornament actually went 'blech' and set her glass down, frowning.

Mist laughed softly. "It's a bit of an acquired taste."

She raised her glass again. "This time, toast with the person on the other side."

"To good friends and good times," she said, and there were more soft clicks as the girls touched glasses.

The second taste wasn't as bad, and Orchid felt a nice warmth in her stomach. Lily was looking at her drink thoughtfully, and from across the table Magenta caught Orchid's eye and raised an eyebrow, as if to ask 'what do you think?'

Mist offered one more toast, then let the girls try. 

"To people who laugh at my dumb jokes," Thistle offered.

"To happy dreams," Heart said.

Mist refilled everyone's glasses, and to their surprise started talking about her life before she came through the Gates.

"I had an older brother, a younger brother, and a baby sister," she told them. "My dad was a very quiet man, but he took good care of us."

She got a far away look in her eyes. "And I still remember my mother was beautiful."

She looked around the table. "Even though I've been blessed here, with a wonderful husband, a happy life, and the chance to meet so many sweet girls just like you...sometimes I can't help but wonder how it would have been if I hadn't been Chosen."

She sipped her drink, and most of the girls imitated her. 

"And I wonder if they ever think about me. I hope their happy back in Mulvadora."

Orchid felt her eyes shine with emotion, when suddenly Magenta, of all the girls, started to cry. 

"I miss my big brother," she said. "He was so cool!"

Heather and Flower hugged her, and for the first time, the girls began to talk about the families they'd left behind.

The words flowed freely. There were a few tears, but more loud laughs, and soon Mist was gathering empty glasses and filling them again.

The girls hadn't noticed, but she was still nursing her first drink.

The discussion kept getting louder, and sillier, and the girls started throwing out the curse words they'd learned-with a few hesitant glances at Mist.

She laughed and nodded the first time Magenta said 'fuck', then cringed.

"It's all right. Tonight it's ok to use those words."

Soon, all the girls, even the quiet ones like Ornament and Heather, were laughing and swearing, trying to out-do one another with their bad language.

Orchid felt fantastic-warm and relaxed, loose and happy. She couldn't remember the last time she'd laughed as much.

As Mist poured a fourth round of drinks, Lily touched her fingers to her tongue.

"My mouth is dry," she said. "How can I be thirsty when I'm drinking so much?"

Mist laughed and shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know, sweetheart," she said. "It just happens."

After a couple more swallows, Mist clapped her hands.

"Let's dance," she said.

Orchid grinned. What a wonderful idea! But when she started to stand up, the room seemed to sway alarmingly.

"Whoa!" she cried, but her voice was drowned out in the general uproar.

Their attempts at dancing were hilarious. None of the girls could seem to get their feet to obey. 

"Fuck, I forgot how to dance!" Breath cried out, and Orchid thought it was the funniest thing she'd ever heard.

Mist was tapping a fast beat on the table with her hands, and singing a silly song about a duck hunting fish underwater, as the girls stumbled and staggered around.

"If old mother saw how we were dancing, she'd go nuts!" Midnight laughed.

"You mean she'd go fucking nuts," Thistle added, and the girls howled.

Wisteria lost her balance completely, and went stumbling through the group. She managed to grab Heart and Heather by the arms, and the three of them fell heavily, laughing and hugging.

Flower tried to do a simple spin and plopped down on her bottom instead.

"Oww!" she squealed.

"If you had a big ass like me, that wouldn't hurt!" Wisteria teased.

Finally, Mist called them back to the table. "That's enough, girls. Let's sit down before someone gets hurt."

As they finished their fourth drink and started their fifth, the conversation grew emotional and maudlin. There were many declarations of undying friendship, reminders of small kindnesses done in the past, teary apologies for long-forgotten slights and insults, and many, many hugs.

Orchid's head was swimming. She could barely focus her eyes.

Mist set another full glass in front of her, and she squinted and grinned.

"Fuck yea!" she hollered. "That's what I need!"

Her lips were numb, and she was having trouble talking right. She tried to say something to Thistle, but called her Titsell instead, and by the time they were done laughing she couldn't remember what she was going to say.
