 At last! As always, all characters are over the age of 18.

*****

Orchid twirled and swayed on the small elevated round stage, letting the thump thump thump of the timpanium guide her movements.

She grinned joyfully at the watching men, reveling in the attention, the spectacle, the entire experience.

'This is why I was Chosen,' she thought as she danced. 'This is what I was born for.'

She fluttered her lashes at her audience, making eye contact with each one. It almost seemed like every man on the planet was watching her.

For a heartbeat, she found herself wondering if Mulvadora and Vens were on the same planet. She'd never actually asked.

Of course, she wasn't alone. Wisteria was on the platform next to her, mostly facing the bright red wall so she could show off her big butt. Orchid giggled, wishing she was a little closer so she could flip her Sister's skirt up in the back and give the guys a peek.

And Breath was on her other side, her dance much more controlled and demure, but the girl's eyes shone with the same excitement. She beamed at Orchid as another spin brought them face to face, and for a moment the two best friends danced just for each other.

"WOOO!" Orchid howled, flinging her fists into the air, not caring that the movement caused her tiny gold top to ride up, briefly exposing her stiff nipples. She squatted on her high heels, her knees together, and put her hands behind her neck, swaying her legs and hips back and forth, her long auburn hair brushing the platform behind her.

She had never felt so alive! She could barely remember being nervous all day.

She caught Breath's eye again. Her Sister made a motion with her hands, and somehow Orchid knew exactly what she had in mind. Facing each other, the two lovely dancers dropped into perfectly synced side splits, garnering applause and cheers from the men watching.

The two girls did a playful little bounce, then Breath twisted her body until she was on hands and knees, her feet kicking cutely behind her. Orchid spun onto her bottom so she was facing the room and let her slim legs fly open, teasing the watchers with a peek at her secrets.

Not all of the moisture glistening on her supple inner thighs was from perspiration.

Wisteria caught her eye and pointed. Across the room, a small group of men were playing a game with Gem. They'd put their hands on her slim hips and lift her straight up, until her head was higher than theirs, then straighten their elbows and push her lower body up in the air.

Each time they did, her little gold skirt would ride up, giving the room a breathtaking view of her luscious, bare buttocks.

Then the man would set her down gently and get a kiss on the cheek, before another man would lift her.

Gem's happy squeals were audible even over the rumble and thunder of the band.

Orchid laughed and did some high kicks, showing off her legs. Deep in the crowd, she spotted Alma watching her. The somber faced woman gave her a nod of approval, then tapped her sternum with her middle finger.

Orchid got the hint. She slowed her dance and leaned towards the men gathered around her platform.

"The boss wants me to take off my top," she called out, feeling amazingly wanton. "What do you think?"

There were cheers and whistles and a few cries of 'hell yes!' and she laughed, delighted at the response.

There wasn't as much art or style in it as she would have wished. Instead, without much ceremony, she untied her gold top and let it fall.

She pushed her long hair back from her shoulders, and let her hands keep going, up and out, her hips barely moving, posing in a way that said 'behold!'

Orchid closed her eyes and licked her lips, unconsciously sensual, feeling something way beyond aroused and sexy as she bared her full, firm breasts publicly for the first time.

More men gathered, ogling her beautiful young body. She began to dance again, her hips weaving lustfully. Her large breasts bounced and jiggled freely, the pink nipples swollen and throbbing.

She saw Breath, grinning in amazement, and shimmied to the very edge of her stage.

"Come on sis," she laughed. "Take it off!"

Breath blushed and giggled, but the men watching heard Orchid's suggestion, and began shouting encouragement. Soon, their voices melded into a single 'take it off' chant, and with trembling hands, Breath untied her top.

The cheers were wild and joyous.

Alma went to get a glass of water. The bartender smiled and leaned close as he set it in front of her.

"She's incredible," he half-whispered, half-shouted in her ear, indicating Orchid, and the boss nodded.

"Yes she is."

XXXXXXXXXX

"Orchid."

"Orchid!"

She looked down. A man had pushed through the crowd, and was standing next to her platform, holding his hand up and out, offering it to her.

She recognized him-he worked for the club. His name was Kessel, or Castle, or something like that. He was tall and light-skinned, with blue eyes so pale they were almost clear. Those eyes glittered with amusement as he beckoned to her.

"Hop down honey. You need to take a break and get some water."

"Oh poo. I'm fine," she said. She kept dancing, spinning on her small stage. She noted that Heart had taken Breath's spot on one side of her, and the platform on the other side was empty.

The man chuckled indulgently. He'd seen this before-girls so caught up in the joy of dancing that nothing else mattered.

"How long do you think you've been up there?" he called.

Orchid worked a shrug into her dance. "An hour?'

He grinned widely, showing white, even teeth. "Over three!"

Surprised, Orchid stumbled a bit. "Really?" 

He nodded. "Yes, really. Now get your cute butt down from there before you collapse."

Chagrined, Orchid bent down and took his hand, letting him help her down. 

"Come on," he said gently. "You need to drink some water and rest your feet."

The knowledge that she'd been dancing wildly for three hours seemed to push away her excess adrenaline and energy. Suddenly, her legs felt fatigued and heavy, her throat was dry, and her feet ached.

She clung to his arm and stumbled with little grace towards the bar.

"Eek!" she called out suddenly. "I need to pee like right now!"

He gave her a little nudge in the small of her back. "Then go pee," he chuckled. "And take your shoes off. Give your feet a break."

Still topless, Orchid weaved through the crowd, hurrying to the bathroom.

The club worker got her a big glass of water and stood at the end of the bar where she could see him easily, and waited.

XXXXXXXXXX

As he moved through the club, the servant of Spira felt a tickle. It wasn't the spark that meant a patron and a Chosen should be introduced to go private, and it definitely wasn't the jolt that meant they might be a love match.

A small tingle, that meant people should sit down and talk.

He looked around, and felt it again when his gaze fell on two men watching Thistle dance. One was a servant of Rozella, and the other of Forbell. He headed towards them, his eyes seeking out the Chosen, until he spotted Orchid, gulping down her second glass of water.

He nodded to himself, and steered the two customers to a couch tucked in a little alcove, where the loudest of the music would be blocked and people could converse without shouting.

XXXXXXXXXX

With a slight limp, Orchid obediently made her way through the crowd to join the two men. They moved apart, making room on the couch, and she flopped down between them.

"Hi!" she sang out brightly, kicking her shoes off her feet.

"Oh wow that feels good!" she purred, wiggling her toes.

"Feet sore?" the servant of Rozella asked, and she laughed quietly.

"Yeah, I kinda overdid it tonight."

"Here, let me help," he said, and reached down to cup her slim ankles. He spun her easily on the couch, until her back was pressed against the other man and her feet were in his lap.

Orchid giggled, then let out a low moan of near-orgasmic ecstasy as the man began to massage her aching feet.

The man behind her rested his hand on her shoulders, smiling, as the beautiful, half-naked girl leaned against her.

"S-so who do you Serve?" she asked between pants of pleasure.

"Rozella," the man rubbing her feet answered, enjoying the view up Orchid's legs, and even getting a few peeks at the treasures under her tiny gold skirt.

"Oh!" she exclaimed. "He was a very important god to my family. My parents were farmers."

"Really?" he smiled, wiggling her toes. "What part of Mulvadora?"

She named the region, and the man behind her made a small noise.

"What?" Orchid asked, turning her head to look at him.

"That's just about the poorest part of Mulvadora," he said, and when she tilted her head questioningly, he explained he was a servant of Forbell.

Orchid pursed her lips and nodded. "I never realized my family was poor until I met the other Chosen. Some of them spent more money on their going-away parties then my family made in a year."

Suddenly, she sat upright, and gripped the two men's hands fiercely.

"Do you think maybe you could help them?" she asked. "I mean, I'm not asking for charity, but they're good, hard working people and..." she trailed off.

The two men looked at each other, and smiled.

"We'll see what we can do," the servant of Forbell said.

"If nothing else," the other added, "we can make sure they get favorable weather and a good harvest. We work closely with the servants of Puldell and Startra. They can help."

Orchid's smile was angelic. "That would be wonderful. Thank you," she said sincerely, and impulsively kissed each man's cheek, her eyes misty with gratitude.

One of them ruffled her hair, chuckling, and just then Heart walked up, trailed by three men who followed her like eager puppy dogs.

She leaned close and whispered in her Sister's ear. "I'm going to go to one of the small rooms and dance naked for them. Wish me luck!"

Orchid's eyes went wide with surprise, and she hugged her friend tightly. "Give 'em a great show, sister!" she encouraged.

Heart giggled, then turned and beckoned to the men, and the small group vanished. Orchid grinned. Way back when she was a little girl, selected as Chosen of the gods, she never imagined it would be like this!

XXXXXXXXXX

After a while, feeling rested and refreshed, Orchid slipped her high heels back on and began roaming around the club, talking and flirting.

It wasn't surprising that Gem was the first girl to slip away with a patron. She was so pretty! Orchid smiled adoringly at her Sister as she walked to the private rooms on the arm of a tall servant of Newlan.

Wisteria and Breath found matches as well. Orchid was so happy and so excited for her best friend she could hardly stand it.

And Heart emerged from the private dance room, all wrapped up with one of the men, and strolled shamelessly naked through the club to one of the play rooms, eliciting more than a few whistles and lewd comments.

Orchid was beginning to wonder if she'd have to wait until next time for her first experience when Kessel or Castle suddenly loomed in front of her. He had his arm on the bicep of a stocky man with short red hair.

"Orchid, say hello to Wilth," he said simply.

The man took one of her small hands in his massive one and brought it to his lips. Instantly, Orchid felt a blaze of heat rush through her. She smiled, knowing this man was right for her.

He felt it too. His gaze was intense as he drank in her beauty.

Impulsively, she leaned against him, and even though her bare skin was touching cloth, it was enough to make her moan, soft and low and filled with passion.

He wasn't a tall man, but was still tall enough that she could tuck her head under his chin, her burning face against his chest.

One of his strong hands trailed down her back, and she gasped. She could feel his breath quicken as well.

She looked up at him, and the hunger in his eyes matched the hunger inside her.

"Shall we?" he asked simply, but his voice was husky with desire. Orchid couldn't even talk-she just nodded, and she looked so serious and earnest it made him smile.

Wilth wrapped his arm around her and she clung to him as they walked to the private rooms.

XXXXXXXXXX

A single, large white candle burned on a tiny table just inside the door.

"Light a couple more," Wilth commanded softly.

Orchid lit a taper. She was very aware of his gaze and kept her movements slow and sensual, turning the simple act into a dance of seduction.

She shook the little flame out and stood where she was, suddenly feeling a bit shy. It was a huge moment for her, and a bit overwhelming.

He crossed to her in two large steps. His strong hands feathered up and down her arms, and he felt her tremble lightly.

Tilting her chin up, he gave her a gentle smile.

"You are so beautiful," he breathed.

Orchid's blush was adorable.

Wilth tilted his head, pulling her closer, his lips caressing her neck, his hand diving under her waist long hair to stroke her bare back.

She'd never been kissed like that. It sent tingles through her body, and her arms slipped around his waist.

His hand wandered to her hip as his lips nibbled. With a single deft flick of his fingers, he popped the only button on her skirt, and the tiny garment dropped to the floor.

Orchid shuddered, naked in a man's arms for the first time. She felt small and vulnerable, helpless but oh-so aroused.

He cupped and kneaded her firm backside, pulling her firmly against his body. She gasped and ground her hips, pressing against the hard thickness in his breeches.

He took hold of her wrists, guiding her small hands under the hem of his tunic. Taking her cue, she slipped it over his head and off as he toed off his sandals.

Orchid ran her hands hungrily over the man's torso. He was hard, firm and flat in all the places where she was soft and curvy, his body ridged with muscle. Impulsively, she leaned in and kissed his chest, her hands gliding across his small male nipples.

He ran his hands through her hair, nudging her backwards with his body. When the backs of her knees made contact with the bed, she sat down gracefully.

The flickering candle lights made her look like an angel.

Her trembling hands slid down his stomach, to the laces of his black breeches.

"Please," she purred.

Instead, he put his hands on her shoulders, guiding her gently down onto her back. His lips moved again on her neck and collar bones, and his hands slid up her body.

His powerful hands were so large they covered all of her ample breasts. Orchid moaned and squirmed as he squeezed gently.

"Please what?" he teased, massaging her swelling nipples with his palms.

"Please," she whimpered, her voice husky with desire, "I want to see it...touch it...please..."

His smile was predatory, but playful. "See what, little one?"

"Ooohhh," Orchid gasped as his strong fingertips closed around her nipples.

"Your c..." she started, then remembered what Mist had taught them.

"Your big cock," she managed to moan, her hips wiggling on the bed, her body blazing with arousal.

He grinned. Still standing next to the bed, he brought her right hand to his groin as his own right hand stroked down her body, down to the junction of her slim thighs.

Orchid eagerly flung her legs open, her fingers rubbing his bulge. He unlaced his breeches as she tugged, until his thick cock popped free.

"Ohhhhh gods," Orchid groaned, touching a penis for the first time. Her caresses were light, tentative, and she lifted her head to see as Wilth wiggled a finger into her aching pussy.

'So beautiful,' she thought as her little hand closed round his shaft. Her hips bucked and pumped, riding his finger as she started to stroke him.

He was about the same size as the wooden models she'd practiced on, but felt so wonderfully different, pulsing and throbbing in her soft grip. She stared, transfixed, as her hand glided up and down his full length, unaware she was licking her lips, barely aware of anything but her desire.

His finger slid in and out of her heat and she matched his rhythm, thrilling at the feel of his cock in her hand, at the thought of her first climax with another person, not a god. His cock made her think of a barely tamed wild animal, the way it seemed to strain and fight her soft grip.

Orchid could feel the explosion building inside her, and she squeezed a little tighter and stroked him even faster. Her velvety soft hand felt exquisite, and Wilth let out a groan as his hips began to gyrate, thrusting into her hand.

In her innocence, Orchid pulled her hand away, alarmed.

"Are you ok?" she asked, almost at the same moment he gasped "Oh fuck don't stop!"

He yanked her hand back to his erection, and held her wrist, guiding her movements. She could feel him swelling, growing even bigger and harder...

Orchid let out a squeak of surprise as something warm and sticky splashed onto her tummy. Wilth was making low, almost animal growling sounds, and his cock pulsed wildly.

At last, he let go of her wrist, leaning to rest his head on her breasts, breathing fast and hard.

"Starla and all the gods," he exclaimed, and Orchid lay still and quiet, uncertain what to do. His finger was still inside her, no longer moving, and she longed for more stimulation.

Wilth lifted his head and chuckled. "Sorry angel," he said softly. "Couldn't help myself with someone as lovely as you."

Orchid giggled, still not quite sure what had happened. She found herself admiring his muscular form as he fetched a soft towel and gently wiped her belly clean.

'Is that it?' she was wondering when he nudged her over so he could lie next to her, propped up on his elbow.

"Don't worry," he said, smiling reassuringly. "I won't have to rest long."

The light in the room was too dim for him to see how her eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Then all her concerns and worries were driven from her mind when he lowered his head to her breasts and took a still-erect nipple into his mouth.

"Oooooh," she breathed, her eyes rolling back in pure pleasure.

His hands wandered over her tummy and thighs, finally coming to rest on her soft, warm mound. He licked and nibbled her nipple until it throbbed and she felt all the fires rekindled deep inside her.

"I promise I won't leave you hanging this time," he said softly as his fingers delved into her wetness.

He touched, stroked, caressed, and when she was gasping and lifting her hips in obvious invitation, slid two fingers into her.

Wilth wiggled his fingers into her slowly, gently, not wanting to hurt or scare her. When his palm lay flat against her pussy lips, he gave her tit a fluttering lick and looked into her eyes.

"Am I hurting you, angel?"

"N-nooo," she moaned. "Feels soooo good!"

"Pleasure, sweet Orchid," he whispered as his hand started to move, pumping his fingers smoothly in and out. "All pleasure-all for you."

He watched the beautiful girl thrash, her long hair spread out under her, listened to her sweet gasps and moans, and felt his cock start to perk back to life. He drove his fingers into her faster and faster.

"Don't hold it back angel," he told her, and the words echoed what the old mother had told her weeks earlier. She threw her hips up at his hand, flinging her head from side to side as waves of pleasure buffeted her young body.

Wilth felt her tunnel squeeze his fingers. The thought of how soft, warm and snug she would feel sheathed on his cock brought him back to full erection. He tilted his hand so his fingers rubbed firmly against her clit as they thrust, and she howled with passion. 

Orchid's cream soaked his hand as her climax hit, and he thrust his fingers in deep and held them, squeezing against the roof of her pussy, feeling her clit throb beneath his fingers.
