 This is in no way a realistic adventure. It's when a mature Alice enters wonderland for the first time and makes peace with the quick decay into its smutty madness. This story is not for the prude of heart.

It follows the original book more closely than you might expect; however, I did not copy anything directly from it outside a few character names. I took inspiration from the various Disney adaptations, and also from that glorious 1976 film.

Many thanks for the relentlessly helpful editor Destodes777.

*****

~ 1 - white rabbit ~

With a bump, Alice landed on a sofa. She laid on it for a while to regain her senses. What had happened to her? Alice remembered that she and her friend Betty had been walking through the park near her house. There they had talked there for a while, sitting in the sunlight. From then her memory became somewhat of a blur. Alice strained her mind to recall what happened between sitting on the green grass on a small hill and lying here on a sofa.

It began to dawn on here that there was somehow a rabbit involved. A white one with slightly long hair. First, she has seen it moving through the grass. Then suddenly the white rabbit in clothes had jumped over her leg and ran off between the bushes muttering, "Too late. I must hurry."

That was strange; rabbits could not talk. Most of them also did not walk only on hind legs and wore clothes as this one did. Alice had seen him running off with a puffed up tail visible right above this trousers. She had followed the furry man until he had stopped to look at his pocket watch, it was too big for such a small person. Then he ran into a rabbit hole under a hedge. Somehow it had seemed a good idea to her to follow him inside though from there on things started to get even stranger.

The hole was very narrow at the start as expected yet soon became broader and even high enough for Alice to stand up. There was a soft glow of small lamps from deeper inside the hole. She had walked on towards the light. However, the floor had suddenly dipped, and Alice had slipped down on her butt. As she glided, the tunnel had opened up, and Alice had seen all sorts of doors, and furniture whooshing by. Alice landed on a sofa that was attached to the slanted wall. She sat up to have a better view of her immediate surroundings. Her feet now dangled into the empty air, this hole seemed to continue down a lot further.

There was a bit of light around Alice from two laps hanging on the opposite side of the tunnel. In this light, Alice could see a portrait of two queens that hung left of her. One was wearing red clothes with short brown hair, and the other wore white with matching long curly hair. The queens did not seem to like each other much because they looked slightly away from each other. Below it hung another painting with a single cat on it. The Cat did not seem realistic with its painted smile and big eyes. She owned a cat and with a nod decided the portrait was not realistic at all.

On the right of the sofa was a bookshelf with books in heavy leather covers that did not look very inviting to Alice. There was a smaller book too, one with a park-like scene on the front. Alice climbed up the side of the sofa and managed to grab the shelf with her hands. After a few seconds hanging from one hand, she managed to reach the book and sat down with it again.

On the cover of the book was a painting of a grand garden, where young men and women walked around in elegant clothes. One pair of them were chasing each other between the trees in the background. Alice did not notice any title on this book.

She opened it after settling herself comfortably against one side of the sofa. Each page in this picture book seemed to contain a different flower, though Alice could not recognize any specific flower. That was strange as Alice was usually eager to know the names of the different flowers she encountered. There was something odd with these pictures, Alice now noticed. The flowers depicted something else entirely. She could make out various forms of vaginas in them.

This book had turned lewd, all she could see now was tongues licking through opened vaginas and ones that dripped some fluid. Alice closed the album tight and sat up straight. Even the front of it seemed to be much less innocent as she previously had perceived it. Those charming people on the cover were not only interested in walking and pleasantries.

Alice should have put the book away at that moment. However, nobody would notice her now. Nobody would scold her for taking another peek inside this book. And she certainly knew how she looked without clothes on, through Alice had some hair around her vagina what these pictures seem to lack. Did a lot of women shave themselves there? Men often shaved their beards and mustaches, tough Alice quite liked men with beards. Still there would not be too much inside the book that she wouldn't already know.

She opened the book again and started to look closely at each picture. Within moments Alice also pushed a hand between her legs to massage her womanhood. She imagined what she would feel as a tongue would move along her vulva like depicted clearly on the pages. Then came pages where fingers were entering the flowers, even one where two fingers were thrust deep inside. Alice had to try that for herself. She laid down and opened her legs. Alice shoved her dress up, and her undergarment aside. Her pussy felt hot to her touch. Alice liked how the fresh air now flowed along her heated skin.

As she pushed her fingers inside, Alice felt some resistance, then a short, sharp pain. Startled, she brought her hand to her face and saw a tiny bit of blood on her fingers. Alice had not realized the fact that young women had a fleece covering their inner vagina, blocking it enough to prevent them from putting her fingers in like depicted. Well, that ship had been sailed by now, she had ripped it all by herself, Alice felt around her body on the sofa and was relieved to find that she had not bled too much. The upside was that Alice now had nothing restricting her from exploring herself even further. First a bit anxious if the pain might return, then with more vigor, she pushed her fingers inside herself.

That felt great. Soon Alice could feel the spasms of orgasm moving through her body. Involuntary she had started to move her body, and with a cry Alice fell from the couch and continued her half fall, half sliding down. However, somehow she slid down head first. Slightly panicked, Alice managed to push her arms enough to the wall to turn her body upright again. A moment later she even managed to grab on to the upper edge of a door.

Alice took a few gasps of air before she decided that it had been enough. This hole could end up in the center of the earth this way, and thus she had to get through this door. It was not easy, but Alice managed to climb down beside the door enough to open it from the side. Of course, it opened outwards and slightly upwards, but with some effort, she moved through it. Alice was relieved to notice that the floor inside was almost horizontal and she walked down a hallway into a bigger room that was lit by a candelabra hanging from the ceiling. It held some sparse furniture with a table and some pictures of castles. One specific painting caught her eye with a delicate rose garden in front of a fairytale castle, was that a real place she could go herself? In the wall across the room was a small door but Alice would not fit through it. It was a shame cause the only other way of getting out of this room was turning around.

She looked at the table and saw an ornamented box on it with a key beside it. Curiously Alice opened the box. It was full of cookies. She picked one up and saw that the word "eat me" was written on it. It looked delicious too as every cooky had four parts, two were dark brown, and the other two were creamy colored. Alice did not hesitate to bite it. It tasted even more pleasing than expected, it blended rich vanilla with light chocolate inside her mouth. After gulping down those delightful crumbs, Alice promptly got a weird feeling in her stomach. Her dress suddenly felt loose around her shoulders. She tried to grab it before it glided from her. Her hand only grabbed deep into a bunch of fabric. What as going on? All around her the piles of her blouse and skirt were starting to block her view. Alice could only look up now. High above her was the underside of that elegant table with the cookie box.

She tried to move through the heaps of fabric that pushed at her from all sides and was relieved that it didn't restrict her movement too much. Alice could crawl out under it and quickly realized that she was naked now. That cookie had shrunk her to a tiny size and forgot to shrink her clothes too. Alice remembered that she had her handkerchief in her purse. Alice climbed and swam some time through the mess to reach it. That purse was more massive and hard to open than when she was her standard size. After some effort, Alice could pull it open enough to pull the fabric out. It was more sizable than the largest towel she had ever used however a bit smaller than a bed sheet.

She tied it around her chest and was for the first time relieved that her bosom had grown so large over the last years. Alice had not cherished the looks that people had given her lately. Before most of the boys around her had only minded their own business, Alice was entirely pleased with that. But when her breasts started to become prominently visible through her blouses, they suddenly were fighting for the chance to come near enough to have a closer look at them. They would even touch them when no adult seemed to be around to prevent them from misbehaving.

Alice was more interested in books than in such attention of the males around her. Even some of her female friends had started the habit of sitting a bit too close and began to make fun of her feminine curves. For now, she was sure that the cloth would sit firm around her, even though it was not so long that most of her leg was still visible from under it. Well, not much she could do about that.

She looked around, and her gaze quickly fell on the door in the wall before her. It had seemed like a dolls-house door before however it now surely looked big. There was a big lock hole in it which was a problem since Alice had forgotten the small key on the table. She still pushed at the door with her hands. It didn't budge though she didn't honestly expect it would. Behind her loomed the table where the key resided. There was an elegantly formed leg of the table close to her. The leg had a curved foot that was pointing towards her.

As an experiment, she climbed on this foot and embraced the leg with her arms. Alice had seen young men climbing straight tree trunks in the past. However, she had not tried it herself. Her nanny would certainly have frowned upon her trying such a thing. Alice hugged the leg even firmer and swung her legs around it. The cloth between her and the smooth wood did not help her in any way. With the extra friction on it, the fabric quickly started to unravel from her. She looked around the empty room, and with a sigh, she untied it and tried again naked.

The climb was better than before. Alice had thought that the climbing would be too harsh for her however there seemed to be an upside about being tiny. Gravity seemed to have a lower pull on her than usual.

During her climb, she had to push her body firmly to the wooden pillar to prevent sliding down again. After a few shoves to get higher, Alice felt her crouch getting hot. Her breasts got often pushed to the table leg and otherwise glided along it. Even though she wasn't getting tired, she didn't have enough experience to climb efficiently. Alice was relieved that no one would see her doing these unladylike things. Even thinking about someone looking made her swoon a bit and somehow made this endeavor harder than it needed to be. The smooth wood between her legs seemed to get a bit slippery and made her slide a bit back again each time she shifted her weight to her legs. Alice did not let it get to her, and she doubled her efforts. After another couple of close hugs and shoves, her hands reached the table top.

She pulled herself up the table, and after some wild swinging of her legs, she sat on top of it. There was the key lying near the giant chest of cookies. Alice took it with both hands and walked back to the side of the table. She could not imagine climbing down with the extra burden of this key in her hands, so Alice shoved it over the edge and let it fall to the floor. Instead of the clinging sound of it landing on the floor, she heard a muffled cry. Her cheeks had been a bit rosy from the strain of climbing, but now instantly turned crimson red. There was someone down there. Quivering, Alice walked to the edge of the table and sat down on her knees to look down.

There Alice saw the white rabbit she had followed into this hole. He wore clothes precisely as she remembered. It was a blue tweed jacket and trousers that looked puffy. Instead of holding his big watch he was now holding her handkerchief in front of him. 

"Hey, I still need that," shouted Alice down the table, regretting it immediately now she had drawn his attention towards her.

With one arm she tried to pull her breasts out of his view, however, managed to make his eyes dart towards them instead. He seemed to sniff at the handkerchief, that looked too big for him to use effectively, had he needed it.

"Put that cloth down. I need that to wear."

The rabbit looked reluctant to let go of the thing, holding it firmly before his body. He also kept looking intensely at Alice. What made him so interested in her breasts? Every woman Alice knew had a pair of those. Perhaps rabbit women didn't have such breasts. Normal female rabbits surely had no visible ones. Were there even women that looked like rabbits around that walked on their hind legs and wore clothes as the White Rabbit did? Alice had only encountered one clothed rabbit at all, and he stood below her.

She sat down on her butt and only made things worse by asking "How long have you been here?" Alice already heard him talk to himself outside the hole.

"I saw your climbing up, and sorry I cannot climb as well as you so you have to get down to get this cloth."

Now she had done it. Alice could only think about the white rabbit's passionate stare at her naked bottom as she had pushed herself up. With a bonus view of her pussy while flinging her legs around during the final act. A small puddle of liquid was forming under her. Alice shifted herself away from it. What was that? She knew that after some hot nights she could leave stains on her sheets down there, yet an unordinary amount was dripping from her this moment. Alice looked down at her pussy and saw that it was in a different state than she was accustomed to seeing. Her pussy was protruding far more than usual, and it was looking far more red than she had ever seen it be. Alice now looked further away from being ladylike than she had ever thought possible of herself. She tried in vain to push those carnal lips of her a bit more into their typical shape. A soft moan escaped from her mouth. It felt tantalizing touching herself this way though.

"Are you alright up there?" sounded the concerned voice from the rabbit down below.

Thinking about the rabbit looking up towards Alice didn't brighten her day that much. However, currently, she had to think about getting down. Eating more of those enticing cookies sounded tempting although was probably a bad idea. Shrinking more would leave her helpless on this table. She had to reverse that climb or starve.

"Please, I'm peachy, notwithstanding can you promise not to look at me climbing down?"

"If that helps I will do so," answered the Rabbit.

Alice was not entirely sure what he had meant with that reply. Her seat started to get soggy, so she wanted to get it done. She looked down and saw the back of the rabbit as he was now facing the wall. He was still holding her cloth though like he needed something to hide behind. Alice sighed and started to move back towards the rim on her knees. After a short, panicked move, her legs were around the table leg again. She lowered herself a bit down by the table edge and went to grab the leg too with her arms.

The moment she caught it Alice felt herself sliding downwards, no effort of clinging to the leg seemed to help. It a moment she noticed that the wood had become too slippery to hold her weight. Alice felt her belly, and even breasts get slippery. That liquid flowing out of her pussy was getting her in danger. With a cry, she slid down and kept increasing her speed. A gasp from the rabbit made her sure that his promise not to look was broken by him the moment she made that sound, the intense stare of the rabbit would follow her very exposed derriere till Alice reached the floor again.

The foot of the leg hit her buttocks harder than she liked although not as hard as Alice had feared. Before she had time to asses her situation, she felt furry hands push her handkerchief across her shoulders.

"Thank you," answered Alice, as she folded it across her chest like a cloak.

Too late she noticed her mistake as she stood up from the floor. Her bosom was somewhat hidden. Still, as Alice started rubbing her posterior, she felt no cloth there. The rabbit had a good view of her rubbing her radiating butt cheeks.

"Ow," cried Alice. She hurried to adjust the cloth to be lower than her shoulders.

However, she lost control over it, and it fluttered to the ground. Alice spun around and lowered herself to pick it up and looked straight into the shining eyes of the rabbit who also had reached to the floor. They both had a side of the cloth in their hands. Alice was stark naked and sat crouched with her legs wide apart. She gave the rabbit an intimate view of her glistening body, complete a saturated and sizzling cherry.

"Oh, dear, excuse me," murmured the rabbit, though his eager eyes were focused squarely on her lower body.

Somehow he must have found the look of her puffed-up shame lips tantalizing. This situation was getting too much for her to deal with, a part of her smiled at the absurdity of the situation. Nevertheless, her body had different ideas and spasms came so abruptly she fell on her back. Nothing in her upbringing had prepared her for this moment. A rabbit was gazing down on her while even more liquid was spilling out of her vagina. Her body did not allow her to close her disobedient legs. Alice felt an overwhelming urge to rub those heated lips, although she wasn't sure what good that would do to her currently.

With a pained look on his face, the rabbit walked closer revealing the grand throbbing cock he had been hiding from her behind her cloth. Driven by curiosity Alice had one day looked at a man peeing, this seemed nothing like that short and floppy thing. The rabbit moved towards her, and his obsessed face came very near again. Alice felt her genitals stretch open. He then thrusted his cock deep into her throbbing body.

Even though this vulgar act went against her upbringing, it felt phenomenal. White soft fur was stroking against her lustful body, and an hot cock was moving through her sensitive womanhood. She had always expected to feel pain with sex despite feeling nothing the like. Only waves of pleasure kept running through her while the rabbit did for what rabbits are famous for. Alice even wondered how that ghastly thing could fit in her as the rabbit repeatedly but slowly moved his phallus inside her. By this time she was glad that her innards were producing that slippery liquid as otherwise, this movement could have hurt her.

Alice noticed that she had been moaning, but her body wanted more action by now.
