 Alexdre stared daggers at the Defias mage named Mellisandre.

"All I hear are excuses," said, the tone of his voice flat and emotionless. "Worse, you're smarter than me, and all I get from you are stupid excuses, as if you think I'm an utter moron and so you don't have to come up with something plausible."

He unsheathed one of his throwing knives from his forearm sleeve, where it had lay concealed. Slowly, with infinite care - his throwing knives were honed to razor-like sharpness - the rogue began to clean his fingernails. "Of course, even if I believed your lame attempts at exculpation, DuPaige would still have your eyes for a necklace charm against scrying..."

At the mention of the woman who trained her in the mystical arts, the Defias sorceress in command of the band of spellcasters above Mirror Lake at Thunder Falls, went pale. "Surely there is no need to mention such unimportant matters to Mistress DuPaige...?" she suggested hopefully. "We're not that far behind on our earnings. Just a little bump in the road, so to speak." Marisa DuPaige was known for two things - her arcane skills, which she taught to Defias mages, and for her perverse cruelty.

"Are you suggesting that I don't make a complete and comprehensive report?" Alexdre said, an amused smirk forming on his lips. Shortly after the debacle of Morgan the Collector's failure to escape the long arm of the law from Eastvale, Alexdre had been recalled to Moonbrook, and given over to Marisa DuPaige to act as her agent in the outside world. "I suspect that giving her cause to vent her ire on me would be... unpleasant."

"What if I promised you that our next collection will be back up to expectations, with enough over to make up this shortfall?" the mage wheedled. 

"What about it? That would be a small comfort to me afterwards..." Alexdre responded. "What makes it worth my while if she finds out I tried to decieve her by ommission? How sure are you that you can make up the difference?" Alexdre leaned forward. "How dedicated to success are you, when its my ass on the line, in addition to your own?" His eyes met hers, and he swept his gaze over her taut, firm body. The robes she wore did little to hide her fine, shapely form. Her ash-blonde hair descended in wavy cascades down her back almost to her waist. A small sapphire earring depended from one ear, and the light blue of the stone matched her sparkling eyes.

"I could pay you...?" she began, but he interrupted her. "With what? If you have enough money to pay me for silence, in spite of your shortfall, might I not begin to wonder if skimming from the top is the root cause of your shortfall?" He chuckled, enjoying the negotiation. 

"Perhaps a exchange of personal services, then? Perhaps one of my cadre might be amenable to..." She left the offer dangling. 

"Well, if I am offering to put mysef at hazard, would it not be more... appropriate... for such an exchange to come from you, Mellisandre?" Alexdre replied.

"Perhaps that might be best, after all," Mellisandre crooned softly, mentally backpedalling furiously. While not her first choice for a lover - no man was, really - Alexdre was not an unattractive prospect, and the way his leather clung to his body indicated that he was at least in decent shape. "What, in particular, did you have in mind...?"

Alexdre looked around the small building, which served as a storeroom and office for the Thunder Falls base of operations. It was not comfortable; there was a table that people ate upon, scarred and filthy. Sometimes prisoners were taken here for questioning, and the stains on the floor bore mute testimony to the agonies inflicted here. Alexdre was far too familiar with the methods of "advancement" within the Defias Brotherhood, and had learned to not ever assume he was safe, unless he and he alone had made the precautions. 

Alexdre sheathed his throwing dagger, and moved a few boxes around until he had managed to create a seat of sorts upon which he could recline while facing the only door. Other boxes blocked the lines of sight from the windows; not because Alexdre gave a damn about privacy, but he didn't want somebody with a crossbow or arcane bolt able to strike. Taking off his cloak, he folded it into a thick rectangular pad. "Come here," he commanded, grinning as Mellisandre complied. 

Alexdre guided her to her knees and began unlacing his leather trousers, leaving Mellisandre no doubt as to his expectations. Feigning a smile - why couldn't the selfish bastard have settled for a quick fuck against the wall? - she fell to her knees and gazed up at Alexdre. "Before we begin... just to keep things straight... I pleasure you, and you don't report the shortfall to DuPaige?"

"You satisfy me, I say nothing, but you will still have to make up the shortfall next time," Alexdre corrected. "If not, we'll just have to do this again... and again... until you make up the total shortfall. Agreed?"

"Agreed," she confirmed. "Not that you really give me much of a choice," she thought, leaning forward. Alexdre's cock had risen, and its purple head was pointed at her as she took him in hand, gently caressing his shaft with her fingers. She approached his cock with her lips, , kissing the head with a faux tenderness that did not reach her eyes. Her gentle touch and the smooth coolness of her lips felt good, but Alexdre could not afford to relax his vigilance, dividing his attention between her ministrations and his surroundings. It was well-known that many men lost all sense of their surroundings while undegoing sexual activities, and was often fatal when a Defias stalker threatened. 

And the Defias Brotherhood were not particularly loyal to one another, even at the best of times. 

Mellisandre mouthed his cockshaft for a moment more, and then took the head of his cock - just the head - into her mouth. Moaning as if she was enjoying her extorted bribe, she massaged the cockhead with her tongue. Mellisandre was pleasantly surprised that Alexdre clearly bathed often; he smelled of clean skin and soap, touched with a tinge of lavender. 

Reaching down, Alexdre reached down to gently pet and play with her hair. Mellisandre gradually took more and more of Alexdre's cock into her mouth; his was not the largest cock she'd seen or touched in her life, but it was thick and hard and heathy. She easily took it all in as her hands caressed his scrotum. She moaned again, this time with a little honest conviction, in spite of herself. Mellisandre prefered women lovers, but she didn't hold male lovers in disdain, just with a general indifference. Most men were selfish, and used their women for their own pleasure.

Mellisandre wondered if Alexdre had bathed this morning in anticipation, or if he always smelt this good. 

Between her skilled hand and mouth, it was not long before Alexdre was nearing orgasm. Still wary, he softly told her how close he was to ejaculating. Mellisandre thought furiously for a moment. She hated the taste of male seed, but she didn't want to insult him by spitting it out once he had peaked. Moving both hands to his cock and stroking him, twisting her hands up his shaft, she caught his eye.

"Cum on my breasts... sign the contract upon my body with your white ink..." she said, her voice infused with feigned lust. She paused a moment to open her robes to reveal her boobs, encased in a black silk bra. Her nipples poked holes in the thin silken material; she loved the feel of it caressing her lightly all day in anticipation of her lover's mouth later than evening. She gave him a salacious, slutty look while exposing her naked breasts to his gaze, confirming that she was an excellent actress - and that she didnt want to get his cum on her lingerie. She resumed stroking him and sucking on the head of his cock, and was shortly rewarded with his orgasm. She directed his spurting cock high on her chest, and used one hand to spread his cum over her breasts, tweaking her own nipples, while her other hand pumped his cock dry. "Once he leaves... bath," she thought. She didn't mind the scent of freesh cum, but the scent of rancid stale cum on her flesh made her want to upchuck.

Shortly after he had finished, both Alexdre and Mellisandre had repaired their attire. Alexdre waved farewell, and all Mellisandre thought was "Just like a man... never any thought that I might have wants and needs. Just his own cum, and off he goes." Mellisandre had not been suffuced with lust and desire as she had represented, but she had felt a stirring in her loins. "Maybe I'll take a long bath..." she saidf, already anticipating her own fingers bringing her the release that Alexdre had not deigned to offer.

* * *

"So, do you honestly think she can make up the shortfall?" Marisa DuPaige asked Alexdre, after he had returned and made his full report, including the bribe he had taken to gloss over Mellisandre's deficiency.

"I think she's now highly motivated to so so... I mean, you're the one who told me that she was your lover when she had studied under you." Marisa's eyes glazed over for a moment, remembering the long nights with Mellisandre tied helpless to her pallet while Marisa used oils and feathers and gloves of fur and long, soft, white candles - sometimes lit, for the hot wax, and other times reversed as a dildo - to bring Mellisandre to orgasm again and again. On some of the dark, lonely nights, Marisa thought of her former toy - and worked off the excitement on her current lovers, which recently had included the rogue.

Marisa chuckled. "Yes, I think she'll work very hard indeed, to avoid having to do that to you again. I agree - properly motivated, she's an asset. Dead as an example would be a resource wasted."