 The daylight came quickly. It was time to tell the clan.

Reidar called Chieftain Soren and his son to his home. It would be best if Soren found out first.

When a knock came at the door, Reidar pulled it open. "Soren, Kaire, please come in."

Murani sat on the bed as the two Thoran came in. She shivered as the two new sets of eyes found her. They stared.

Soren was a large, brown and white Thoran, but he wasn't as tall as Reidar. Soren's clothes were much more ornate and fancy. He had a golden, engraved ring in his snout. The ring signified nobility within the clan. Only the Chieftain and his family could wear the golden ring. Silver was reserved for other nobles, such as Reidar.

Kaire, the son, was much younger. Murani guessed that he was about her age. He was jet black and had only small nubs of horns protruding from his head. Kaire too had a golden snout ring. "Father, it's a human, right?" Kaire asked.

Soren's brow was furrowed as he took in the human. "What's this, Reidar?"

Reidar went to Murani and put his large hand on her tiny shoulder and nodded at Kaire. "Yes, she is a human and her name is Murani. I found her three months ago, east of Stone Water Lake."

Murani tried to smile. "He...hello."

Father and son stared.

Reidar continued. "Her family was killed in a great battle. She's an orphan." 

Soren knew that Reidar had a huge heart, but he didn't know just how big it was until now. The clan would not be happy about this. He looked back to Reidar. "Because you are my friend, I will over look this, Reidar. I don't agree with this, at all, but I will over look this. However, I cannot tell you the clan will do the same." His eyes shifted back to Murani. "What is your age, human?"

"I...I am five...almost six," she stammered.

Soren snorted. "You have been making these clothes for Reidar?"

Murani nodded.

"Speak up, girl," Soren frowned. Just because Reidar was kind to this human did not mean he had to be. He was Chieftain after all.

Murani's eyes grew large. "Yes."

"Have the human make Kaire and I some clothes...some nice clothes," Soren said to Reidar.

"She's not my slave, Soren." Reidar raised his voice and crossed his arms over his chest. "You can ask her to do so, but don't tell me to order her."

Soren snapped his head towards Reidar. "Watch your tone with me, Reidar. We may be friends but I am still the leader of this clan." Soren wanted to be sure to establish his authority early in this 'human' matter. "She needs to be made useful if I am to allow her to stay in this village."

Reidar's eyes glowed hot. He opened his mouth to speak, but Murani beat him to it. "I'll do it, Reidar," she said. "I'll make them some clothes."

Reidar, Soren and Kaire stared at Murani. She spoke and understood Thoran quite well.

Soren looked back to Reidar. "That is the end of this matter then. I will inform the clan of our guest. I warn you, Reidar," he took Reidar's shoulder, "be mindful of her."

Again, Reidar was hot. "I have been for three months now, Soren." He didn't understand what Soren was trying to prove. Was he really that afraid of this little human girl?

"Keep it that way." Soren walked out of Reidar's home.

Kaire stood in his same spot, watching his father leave. His attention turned back to Murani. She was so different from what he had imagined of a human. Murani didn't appear to be scary at all. Kaire noticed her skin had hardly any hair at all. "Reidar, can I touch her?"

"You'll have to ask Murani." Reidar's expression softened. 

Murani quickly held out her hand to Kaire. She was excited that he showed more kind interest in her than his father did.

Kaire went to Murani and touched her hand. Even though he was Murani's same age, his hand was still much larger than Murani's. Her skin was soft. Kaire's eyes met Murani's eyes. "Your eyes are green" he marveled.

Murani smiled at him as they held each other's gaze.

"Reidar, is Kaire still...." Soren stuck his head back into Reidar's home. His mouth dropped open. His son was touching the human girl. "Kaire! Come, now!" That was the last thing he needed! His son would not befriend a human!

Kaire jumped after his father, but not before giving Murani a final glance and a wave.

The clan was indeed upset that there was a human in their midst. However, Soren was true to his word and defended the girl staying with them. He informed the clan that she was a master clothier and thus was his reason for allowing her to remain there. Many Thoran were fearful, but they could do nothing. Soren had spoken.

The next few days proved exciting to Murani. She actually got to see the village and the other Thoran. The village, Murani soon learned, was called Thunder Horn. It was surrounded by a great stone wall. Only the tall, granite mountains that towered over the village could be seen above the wall. 

Murani had imagined the village to be small, but it wasn't. There had to be a good eighty to one-hundred Thoran living in Thunder Horn. Most of them looked at Murani with curiosity above anything else. Not a soul in the village had ever seen a human, so she was a novelty.

In Thunder Horn, there were many stone buildings...homes and businesses. Colorful banners and flags were hung down the walls and flowers abound in window boxes. 

The most impressive building was Soren and Kaire's home which was also the counsel house. It was situated at the edge of Thunder Horn, far away from the entrance to the village. The great wooden door was guarded by two very large stone sculptures of Thoran warriors. They had to be at least twenty feet tall.

Murani's favorite place had to be the orchard, however. It was quite there, but still protected within the walls of Thunder Horn. Colorful birds abound and there never was a time a tree wasn't a blaze with colorful blossoms. It also contained many statues of past important Thorans. It was in that orchard that Murani learned a lot of Thoran history.

The orchard was also the place where Murani played with Kaire. They had met again while Kaire was having an archery lesson in the orchard. The two became fast friends, despite much protest from Soren.

Kaire peeked Murani's interest in archery, so, as time went on, Murani also took it up. Because her eyesight was keener than that of a Thoran, Reidar often took Murani on hunting trips. At the age of 9, she became one of the best archers in the village. Reidar was proud.

Thirteen years had passed since Reidar found Murani. She was now 18. Her hair had grown long, but she always wore it in the customary Thoran braids. Her teenage breasts swelled under her tunic. She was lean and strong. Murani stood tall for a human at 5'10", yet she was dwarfed by her adopted father. He stood at 6'10", which was just above average for a Thoran. 

Kaire stood even taller, at 7'4". He was now massive in size, 450 lbs of pure muscle and still jet black. His horns had grown out long, shiny and pointed. A long, black braid hung from his chin along with two others from his head. To those that didn't know him, he was frightening in stature. He appeared to be a huge, terrible beast, but Murani knew better. He was still a little Thoran inside; gentle as a saber kitten.