 "Tia Sophia sends for you. She needs you. She is dying."

Antoinette "Toni" Rodriguez stood in the doorway, her face frozen in shock and surprise as the strangely-dressed man with a heavy accent delivered his message. She was not surprised by the message; she had heard it many times before in her dreams. She was not shocked by the messenger himself, despite his eccentric appearance; she knew Tia Sophia's manservant, Carlos, from the many times which she had stayed for the summer at Tia Sophia's house. Her shock and surprise came from the fact that everything was unveiling itself precisely has she had dreamed it so many times over the past few months. In her dream, Carlos would arrive and she would leave with him but then she would awaken with a feeling that the dream was incomplete.

"We must hurry. It is a long journey and we must be there before the moon rises."

Toni walked quickly through her apartment turning off lights and grabbing a few personal necessities to throw in her purse.

"You need bring nothing. Everything will be provided." 

Carlos took her purse from her hands and placed it on the table by the door and motioned for Toni to follow him. The car was an antique from the days when elegance meant a chauffer who rode up front in the open. Carlos held the door as Toni stepped into the curtained rear area. Shortly thereafter, she heard the engine start and they floated from the curb to begin the six-hour journey to Tia Sophia's mansion. As they traveled Toni thought of her summers at that mansion deep in the remote hills surrounding the city and the woman whom she called "Aunt Sophie." Sophia wasn't really her aunt, just a very close friend of the family. Everyone called her "Tia," which means "aunt," so Toni called her Aunt Sophie

Tia Sophia called her "my chosen one," Toni had asked about that name, but Tia would never explain what she meant or why she called her such a strange name. There were many things about Tia Sophia that were mysterious and unknown. Why did Toni's mother say that Tia was the source of strength for the whole family? Why was Toni the only one who was ever invited to spend summers at Tia's mansion? Other children came to visit, but none stayed for any length of time. 

And what was on the mysterious and forbidden fourth floor of the mansion? The door to the stairs was always locked and the one time when Toni tried to pick the lock, Tia dragged her back to the living room and administered the first and only spanking which Toni ever received at Tia's hands. Tia then sat Toni down on the couch and said very sternly, "You must never go up there until it is your time. When you are Tia Sophia, you will learn the secrets of the open room. Until the time is right, you must never speak of it again."

Toni wondered what "When you are Tia Sophia" meant, but Tia often spoke in strange ways. Sometimes she spoke of things long, long ago as if she had been there. Once she spoke of Toni's great-great-grandmother as though they had been childhood friends. Now Tia was sending for her for one final time. Was this the time in which she would learn the secrets of the "open room"?

Toni must have fallen asleep because suddenly they were there. Carlos opened the doors for her and beckoned her urgently. "You must hurry. Tia is too ill and the full moon will soon rise." He then led her into the mansion and up the grand staircase to the second floor.

Toni thought they were going to Tia's room, but Carlos hurried down the hallway to the inner staircase and again beckoned urgently. This was the way to her old room on the third floor. Was that where they were going? But no, Carlos passed the room where she had spent her summers and walked to the end of the hallway, to the locked door that led to the forbidden fourth floor. He unlocked the door and stood beside it.

"You will know what to do."

As Toni stepped through the doorway and began to climb the stairs, she could feel her heart racing within her. Was it fear? Or, was it excitement? As she reached the top of the stairs, she paused in wonder. This was nothing like she had ever imagined. She was outside. The fourth floor was a huge "open room" built into the top of the mansion. Here, beneath a ceiling of glass, completely hidden from the outside world, was a huge marble courtyard within a circle of marble columns. In the center of the courtyard was a raised bench -- or was it a table -- or perhaps an altar? The bench was shaped like a large cutting board or paddle. Very narrow on one end and widening out into a larger area in the other half.

As Toni walked to the center of the courtyard, suddenly Tia was standing beside her. But it wasn't like Toni remembered ever seeing Tia. She was young and beautiful with firm breasts and raven-black hair, both on her head and between her legs. Between her legs!... Tia was naked, and yet it seemed right. Tia did not speak, but merely made a sweeping downward gesture with her open hand which Toni knew meant that she was to also remove her clothing.

It felt strange sliding out of her clothing under the starlit sky, but at the same time, it felt as if this were what she had always been destined to do. Standing nude beside Tia, Toni noticed for the first time how much she looked like Sophia. Like twin goddesses in some Greek myth, Tia led her to the raised platform and bent slightly to point to an ebony chest sitting beside the bench or altar or whatever it was. Toni opened it and removed the contents. There were several large leather bracelets or cuffs and two tapered cylinders which appeared to be made of marble. They were not identical. One cylinder was larger than the other; one was white and one was more yellow; both had intricate carvings on one end.

Tia pointed to one of the larger cuffs and then to Toni's right leg. Toni strapped the leather cuff to her ankle. There was a strange brass ring on the inside of the cuff. Toni picked up the second cuff and strapped it to her left ankle. The brass ring on this cuff also faced inward.

Tia then pointed to one of the smaller cuffs and pointed to Toni's right wrist. Toni had a little trouble using her left hand to wrap and secure the cuff, but soon it was attached and she was able to quickly wrap the matching cuff around her left wrist and secure it. She started to pick up what was obviously a leather mask although it had no eye holes, but Tia shook her head and instead pointed to the larger of the marble cylinders.

Toni picked it up and for the first time realized that the intricate carving on the end of the cylinder was an image of the sun with flames surrounding it. Tia pointed to the small column and then pointed at Toni. At first Toni did not understand, but then Tia reached down and pointed to her own feminine mound, and Toni realized that she was to insert the cylinder within herself. Her entire body flushed with embarrassment as she slowly pushed the cylinder into herself like some stone tampon. As she did so, Toni realized that its shape was not unlike that of the vibrator that was hidden in the back of her underwear drawer. That thought brought another blush of embarrassment to her body. 

When Tia pointed to the smaller cylinder and again pointed at Toni's groin, Toni understood where the smaller shaft of marble was to be inserted. She looked at the carvings on the end of the smaller shaft and realized that it was a representation of the moon with softer rays emanating from the full circle. Surprisingly, even without lubrication, the stone shaft slid easily into Toni's nether region.

The only item remaining was the mask. Tia pointed at the mask and then at the raised bench. Toni somehow knew she was to place herself on the bench before putting on the mask. The purpose of the strange shape of the bench suddenly became apparent to her. It had been carved to receive the body of a female straddling the narrow portion of it and lying over the wider portion. When Toni knelt astride the narrow end of bench, she realized that there were brass rings on the legs of the bench. When she pressed the ring of the cuff against the ring on the bench, a portion of the ring pressed inward to allow the rings to latch together. After both ankles were secured, Tia pointed to the mask, which Toni put on, and then Toni lay completely across the bench and pressed her wrist rings against the front rings on the bench. She was now secured tightly against the cool marble, her head lying in a small depression at the end of the bench and her breasts cradled in smaller depressions in the wide portion of the bench's surface.

A moment of panic roared through Toni. What had she done!? She was alone in a strange place and had willingly bound herself naked to a stone bench in the middle of a hidden courtyard. The panic soon passed, however, as she thought how this was not that much different from when she would bind herself in a similar fashion in the secrecy of her own bedroom. True, there was no key hidden beneath the clothes in the hamper or a knife that she would have to crawl to in the living room to cut her self free, and there was no trusted friend who would check on her if she had not heard from her for 24 hours, but the feelings were the same. As it had so many times before, her body began to respond to the feeling of helplessness. In her fantasies at home, she gave up control of her body to some romantic image of the perfect lover. But this was not a fantasy. This was real and she had given up control of her body to ...... to who or what?

That is when she remembered Carlos' words, "We must be there before the moon rises." Toni realized she was giving her body to the moon... and perhaps the sun. The bench was truly an altar. She was an offering to the sky. Suddenly the cold marble within her began to pulse. It wasn't mechanical. It wasn't a vibration. It was energy -- energy from the sun -- energy from the moon -- energy from the universe. With the first pulse of the marble shafts her body came alive. And as her body came alive, so too the altar itself seemed to come alive. The marble was warm, almost hot, beneath her. Her breasts felt as if they were cradled in strong firm hands. Were they being massaged, or was she writhing against the altar as the marble shafts pulsed within her? The pulses from the sun and moon shafts grew stronger and faster. Each additional pulse drove her higher and higher until the ecstasy overwhelmed her senses and she cried out into the stillness of the night. 

It was more than an orgasm; it was an explosion of her mind and body that opened up the universe to her. Suddenly Toni knew the purpose of this open room and the altar to which she was bound. She knew how the rings operated and what would happen when the sun reached a certain point in the sky. She could see the lenses ground into the windows of the dome focusing the heat of the Sun on a certain spot on the altar so that the ring holding her right wrist would release.

As another orgasm crested within her, she suddenly could see clearly the who and the what and the why of Tia Sophia. She knew that when Tia willingly bound herself to the altar, she became captive to the Moon for the night and to the Sun until it was highest in the sky. She gave them her body and they gave her their strength. Pulling against her bonds as another wave of ecstasy coursed through her, Toni understood why she was "the chosen one." She knew that, as a small child, she had been chosen by Tia Sophia to one day lie upon this altar. 

And more than that, she sadly knew that Tia Sophia, who had given strength to the family for generations, was dead, She, Antoinette Rodriguez, was the new Tia Sophia. Another orgasm ripped through her and all that she had learned and experienced overwhelmed her and she spiraled into unconsciousness.

Toni awoke in her own bed drenched in a mixture of sweat and her own juices. The dream had finally completed itself. But it was not a dream that vanishes into the fog of daylight; it was a vision that revealed the purpose of her life to her; it was a call from the mind of a dying Tia Sophia to her chosen one.

Toni was standing by the door dressed in nothing but a loose robe when Carlos arrived with the car. She opened the door as he approached and said simply, "We must hurry. It is a long journey and we must be there before the moon rises." 

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

END OF STORY

Please remember to vote 

by clicking on one of the stars at the end of the story. 

If you really liked it, click 5. 

If you really hated it, click 1, but please click something.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =