 My story, THUNDER OF THE GODS, is a product of my imagination, although knowledge of certain aspects of the tale come from my experiences. In its entirety, it is ~ 45,000 words long, so I have chosen to release it in several parts, constituting a total of 20 chapters. This sixth part, Chapters 19-20 & Epilogue finishes the story, with increasingly barely believable erotic and exotic situations. The story's evolving sexual tension builds towards a bizarre denouement at the end.

Chapter 19

As dusk of the third day approached, Lacee applied the ninth and final application of the ritual cream to her vulva and clitoris. Then, with her loins aflame, she began the ascent of the Akbalcab pyramid to approach the secret chamber and Philip. She had left all clothing behind, and carried only the gas lantern and the single motmot feather with her. Carefully descending the inner stairs, she quietly approached the mysterious chamber enveloping the recumbent Philip. Holding the lantern high, she could see that his eyes were closed and he appeared to be sleeping peacefully. She placed the lantern in a wall niche, its flickering light activating the wall murals in an erotic pageant.

Lacee drew close to Philip, and almost gasped out loud at the state of his erection. Although he appeared to be in a deep sleep, his manhood seemed to have grown even more, and she guessed that it was now at least a foot long and three inches in diameter. She could feel her vulva clenching rhythmically, and had to stifle the strong urge to mount his magnificent prick. Kneeling next to the stone altar, Lacee took the motmot feather and began gently stroking Philip's inviting shaft. She fluttered it around its base and his massive balls, trailed it up and around its rock solid circumference, and flicked it across its glowing head. Philip began moaning from deep within his chest, but still did not appear to be awake. Continuing with her ministrations, Lacee soon had the tip of his prick flowing freely with its natural lubricant.

For at least thirty minutes, Lacee continued to stroke and titillate Philip's erection with the feather. Finally, his eyes opened, but he appeared unable to see her. It was as if he was looking at a vision in another world. She knew that they were approaching a crucial conjunction, and she swiftly brought forth the bowl of liquid that had been steeping for three days. Standing at the base of the altar, she watched in amazement as Philip rose to stand upright, grasping his prodigious penis with both hands. His fingers dripping with his own lubricant, he began to stroke it firmly. Mumbling incoherently, he threw back his head and worked his hands even faster. 

As Lacee watched and listened, Philip thrust his hips forward and shouted out, "kin balam vinakil aahal! Ch'a'ik lela i'nah, ka' kuxtal ka'teen!" [I am Jaguar Manhood! Take this seed and live again!] 

As the strange words echoed around the chamber, Philip's penis erupted with a steady stream of creamy fluid, which arched towards Lacee and the bowl she held in her hands. Her eyes wide, she danced nimbly in the eerie light to capture all of Philip's ejaculate in the bowl. It seemed as if he would never stop, and he kept milking his massive prick with both hands as the liquid poured forth. The bowl was almost full as Philip began sinking to his knees, still grasping his fertile organ in his hands. From deep within the mountain, Lacee heard a strange rumbling sound, and the room began to vibrate. At first she thought that they might be experiencing an earthquake, an unknown phenomenon in Belize, but then she noticed that she could feel a draft from the wall to her back. Turning, she saw with amazement that the crack they had noticed a few days ago was beginning to widen, and before long there was an opening of about three feet in front of her. The cool rush of air that assaulted Lacee was pleasantly musky and at the same time of a strange fragrance. 

While her senses tried to digest what was happening, she felt Philip behind her, and he whispered, "what's happening, Lacee?" 

"I'm not sure", she responded, "but as you can see the wall has opened. Do you remember anything about what you just did and said?" 

"Not really", he said. "when I awoke, you were standing here and I was on my knees on the altar."

Philip took the lantern from its niche, and as Lacee carried the bowl, which they now recognized as the 'darkness honey', they proceeded to enter the chamber behind the wall. It was obvious from the walls that this was part of a natural cave, and they continued to follow it further into the mountain. The sweetish, musky odor grew gradually stronger, and they saw the entrance to a chamber with man-made walls. Entering through a small doorway, they were astounded to see a splendid black jaguar resting on an altar at the back of the room. Most amazing to both of them was that neither felt afraid of the magnificent animal, which was staring directly at them with its tail twitching. 

"I can hardly believe this, Lacee," Philip whispered. "black jaguars are unknown in Belize, or anywhere outside of South America, for that matter." 

With a low rumble, the animal jumped gracefully to the floor and padded towards another door at the rear of the chamber. Mesmerized, Lacee and Philip followed into the second room, which was decorated with more murals and glyphs similar to those in the chamber at the bottom of the pyramid. Leaping fluidly to rest on another altar, the jaguar's glowing eyes seemed to be focused on the mural in front of him. This mural brought immediate feeling of sadness to Lacee and Philip as they absorbed it. Unlike the others in the temple, it depicted a city in ruins, with the obvious figures of Balam Vinakil and Colel Cibchen surveying the ruins from the top of what seemed to be the Akbalcab pyramid. The message told by the glyphs was of the destruction of the city and slaughter or capture of its inhabitants by warriors from Tikal. The message continued to indicate that the royal couple were going to retire to the inner recesses of the mountain behind the temple to sleep for eternity, or until conditions were right for their return to rebuild their city to its former glory. It ended by indicating that their spirits would be watched over and protected by a black jaguar god, Ahau Box Balam, who would guide them in their eventual return from the realm of Xibalba, the Maya underworld.

The final mural was enigmatic, in that it depicted only a powerful black jaguar, crouched and apparently guarding a richly-decorated ceramic jar. Decipherment of the accompanying glyphs, however, revealed an astonishing prophecy to Lacee and Philip, and they both agreed to test it immediately. Following the directions in the text, they approached a small entrance to yet another room, and as they did so the jaguar jumped from its shelf and preceded them into the chamber. Inside, their light divulged a single large altar, covered in jaguar skins, which amazingly showed no signs of aging in the centuries that they must have lain there. Growling slightly, their jaguar guide circled the altar and laid down next to a jar that had to be the one depicted in the final mural.

"Are you ready to try this, Lacee?", Philip asked. 

"I am, if you are", she replied. "we've come too far to back out now, and I feel deep inside me that we will be all right." 

Placing the lantern in a wall niche, Philip took the bowl of 'darkness honey' and began to coat Lacee's body with it. He was especially careful to deeply massage her breasts and loins with the creamy lotion, inserting generous quantities into her vulva and lubricating her lower lips. After Philip finished his ministrations, Lacee in turn covered his body completely with the mixture, making sure that she anointed his massive shaft which had reached a state of full erection. By the time both had completed this ritual, they were breathing heavily and in a state of sexual agitation, as if their bodies were on fire. There remained only the final step in the preparations.

Philip approached the recumbent jaguar, which followed him closely with glowing eyes, yet made no move to harm him. Reaching down, he carefully picked up the jar from beside the cat and carried it to the altar. Removing the top, their nostrils were assailed with a pungent, yet agreeable, smell of the ages. Offering it first to Lacee, Philip watched as she took several deep draughts, and he in turn finished off the remaining liquid. Lacee reclined on her back on the jaguar skins, while Philip stood at her feet at the end of the altar. Her body began to burn with an intense flame, and she spread her legs wide as she began to massage her tender cunt. As she responded to her body's demands, Lacee began to notice Philip in front of her. He was now glowing with an unearthly aura, and emerging from this shimmering light was his massive prick, which seemed now to dominate his entire body. The veins on the turgid shaft pulsated like strobe lights, and its ruby head transfixed her in a cyclopean stare.

Philip felt as if he had turned to stone, as his body transformed into an anchor for his tremendous prick. His balls ached and burned, as his eyes focused on the vision of Lacee sprawled on the altar in front of him. Her heaving breasts beckoned his lips, as her inflamed labia promised to envelop his ravenous prick. The ebony hairs surrounding her inviting slit shimmered like spun silver and gold, and the honey from her sweet cavern began to flow outward into the crack of her ass. Grasping his distended manhood, Philip approached this carnal vision with but one thought in mind. He had to bury his prick in this mother of all cunts.

Grasping the vision of Lacee around the waist, Philip lifted her to place her on her stomach on the jaguar skin altar cloth. Growling from deep within, Lacee raised her rounded buttocks into the air, presenting Philip with an unrestricted view of her dripping pussy. With a savage growl, he lunged forward to enter her with his thickened member. Neither could think or say anything, and animal instinct guided their actions. Burying his swollen penis in her, Philip plunged in and out with tremendous force, while for her part, Lacee raked his back with nails that looked like claws. Growling and roaring together in a cacophony that reverberated throughout the underground caves, they soon reached a peak that completely overwhelmed their minds. Philip's taut balls began to contract, and with a massive roar his immense prick spewed forth deep into Lacee's grasping cunt. Lacee howled and screamed as her legs locked around his back and her hands raked his sides and legs. Both were totally lost in orgasmic oblivion, and neither noted that their jaguar guardian lay on his side twitching and breathing shallowly. As life ebbed away from this black guardian of Akbalcab, a tremendous rumble began to shake the ground around the city, and lightening such as had never been seen before blazed through the forest. 



Chapter 20

The sunlight was dazzling, almost blinding, and she gradually realized that it was due to the reflection from the white-washed pyramids and temples populating the developing panorama. It soon became obvious that she was atop the Akbalcab pyramid, and the plaza below was a splendor to behold. There was no sign of decay or ruination,  But where were the people?  Movement to her side caused her to look in that direction, and she beheld her lord in his splendid perfection. Iridescent quetzal feathers cascaded from his headdress, accentuating his broad shoulders. His hips were girt in a jaguar skin, open at the front to reveal his quiescent manhood, dangling prodigiously between his legs. Her mind was a rush of confusion, the words Philip and Balam Vinakil tossed in a curious verbal salad.

As his vision cleared, he gazed at the white splendor of the city enveloped by the lush forest. Glancing to his right, he was deeply moved to see her in all her regal beauty. Ebony hair flowed downward around her graceful shoulders, fringing the swell of her prominent breasts. Below, her full buttocks were accentuated by the short jaguar skirt, opened in front to reveal her downy pubic garden. She smiled tentatively at him, and his brain cells juggled the words Lacee and Cibchen in a confusing potpourri. 

It was several minutes before either could speak, but he finally broke the silence with the words, "Lady Cibchen, welcome home." 

Taking his hand in hers, she moved in front of him to gaze into his eyes. 

"Is it truly you, my Lord Balam?", she asked. "what is this tongue in which we speak?" 

"We have traveled through the depths of Xibalba, my lady, and I think it will be a while before we can once again converse in the language of The People."

"Where are all the people, my lord?" she asked. "are we the only ones to have survived the journey?" 

"I fear so, Lady Cibchen. I think that it will be up to us to restore the city's population. We will have to start by scouting the surrounding country to find our people who have scattered." 

"I think we already have our first new member, my Lord," she said. "I can feel your fire in my belly, and I know that a new prince will be with us by next year. But I can only do so much, my lord, so our first job will be to locate as many single maidens as possible for you to service with your potent shaft." 

Reaching between his legs, she stroked its length until it stood proudly upright, at which time she guided it into her waiting chamber. 

"Let us welcome our new life, Lord Balam Vinakil." 

Wrapping her bronzed legs about his waist, the two fused as one in the gleaming sunlight as the silent surrounding forest absorbed the sounds of their liquid love.

Fin

Epilogue

Nine years have passed since I met "Balam" on the Rio Oscuro, and seven since he delivered his 'notes' to me. I have kept my word and have not divulged the real name or location of the Rio Oscuro, so readers of his story that I transcribed will be wasting time trying to locate it. It was nine years since I met "Balam", and nine is a sacred number to the Maya. It bears special significance to the Maya underworld and the future of their world, so I decided to satisfy my curiosity. Xibalba is the name of the Underworld in Maya mythology, and it is traditionally believed to be in a cave in Guatemala and Belize.

In September of the current year I caught a ride on a helicopter flying for the Belize Geological Society. This was perfect for me as it was equipped with ground-penetrating radar, with which I could discern the lay of the land beneath the forest. Since I knew the co-ordinates of the spot where I had met "Balam" nine years ago, I decided to start at that spot and work my way up stream on the Rio Oscuro. We were able to crisscross the River from there all the way upstream to the Maya Mountains. To my chagrin we were never able to discern any ancient ruins beneath the vegetation. Neither were we able to 'see' any opening to a cave, the Maya Xibalba. 

This information left me with only three options to consider, none of which has satisfied my curiosity. First, did we miss anything on all our passes over the area; secondly, did I make a mistake and actually receive Balam's notes on another river, not the Rio Oscuro; or thirdly, was this entire story a fabrication of a joker who called himself, Balam. The third possibility seemed incredulous to me. How could anyone in their right mind make up such a bizarre tale such as this. I knew that the only way I can be sure will be to continue to search for "Balam" and Akbalcab in the future.

FarmerSean

Roswell, New Mexico