 Part 1: Donor Selection

Chapter 1: Lifestyles Change

The year is 2060. Tia and Tim Sloan were drinking a cup of coffee after being sedated from a night of pure sexual pleasure. It could hardly get any better as they tried to re-energize their totally spent bodies. Yet, something was missing. 

Tim and Tia had been married for six years and her biological clock was ticking loudly. Both wanted children.

Tim and Tia were an educated couple; fiscally conservative, yet, liberal in social philosophy. They prided themselves on their ability to communicate and discuss issues that were considered morally unacceptable in years past. 

Tim had a degree in Network Engineering and worked for Sun Networks. He had a bright future. 

Tia had a BA degree in Behavioral Science, and was pursuing her PhD. She was working as a research assistant with the New Life Center. The New Life Center was a part of the advanced fertility research work taking place at the University Medical School. Many new experiments were being conducted in the area of human reproduction. Some of the cutting edge research work done at The New Life Center involved the study of changing social lifestyles on human reproduction.

Tia’s work had become the topic of today’s conversation. Tim and Tia had been having problems getting pregnant and as a result of that difficulty. They had undergone a series of fertility tests at the Life Center. Results of the tests indicated that Tim had a sperm count in the lower range of acceptance and that Tia’s vaginal pH was more acidic than normal.

The doctors did not find any direct cause of infertility. The best conclusion they could offer was that the combination of the two adverse consequences was preventing conception.

This became the subject of Tia and Tim’s conversation. They had tried several relaxation methods... honeymoon cruises, and European ski trips. Neither felt their odds were too good to get pregnant in the same old fashion ways. Furthermore neither of them felt they could spend much time away from their careers.

Tia felt that time was running out on her. She knew that a woman’s age of 30 - 35 was the best years for successful pregnancy. She fell in that age category.

The work being conducted by Tia’s research team involved cloning, artificial insemination, combination copulation and surrogate impregnation. The New Life Center had just begun some very confidential work in the area of male surrogate impregnation.



A study was being done to investigate the destructive effects that childless marriages have on long term relationships. 

Statistics indicated that an unusual high rate of divorce resulted when only one of the partners wanted children, or when couples wanting children lived together over several years without being able to have them. They seemed to harbor an expectation of being able to have children with another partner. Adoption was not a desirable option for a prospective mother, who had the ability to conceive, produce a normal pregnancy and give a normal birth. 

The experimental work at the New Life Center delved into the active participation of a surrogate in the impregnation process. The findings of recent research indicated that an important aspect of the impregnation process was the physical pleasure derived from the breeding. The studies found that women treasured the procreative memories associated with insemination.

The New Life Center was exploring ways that prospective parents could become pregnant in this kind of an environment.

Tia’s work was involved in the social and psychological aspects of reproduction. Tia felt that women were expressing some basic instinctive urges in their quest for impregnation. Her research team had theorized that the instinctive urge to breed was coupled with an urge to seek additional mates in the absence of a fertile mate. Could this be done in a way as to make such activity acceptable to married partners and keep marriages together? Could this be done in a manner that would be acceptable to society?

The New Life Center found that women today were rejecting the old methods of clinical artificial insemination and the implantation of test tube embryos. More and more women were choosing to be bred by male surrogates. There seemed to be some psychological instinct in women that craves the experience of conception. It has become the ultimate act of female satisfaction. It is not clear whether this need is physical or mental. But it is clear that it is a powerful force in the act of procreation. 

Chapter 2: The Decision

Tim’s curiosity generated many questions. “How are the subjects selected?

Tia answered, “A couple is selected when the husband is confirmed to be infertile. Interviews are held separately with each partner and then interviews are held with the couple together. Psychological tests are administered to each and evaluated by a specialist in human relationships. Every effort is made to make sure that both members of the partnership are supportive of the process. The New Life Center is particularly concerned about any jealousy that may result from the breeding.” 

“Does the selection committee consider that one of the partners may be restless and seeking sex outside the marriage,” asked Tim? 

“Absolutely,” was Tia’s reply? “Our research team is accepting the premise that people instinctively or subconsciously, seek sex with other partners. We are interested in the factors that create such behavior. We are interested in the need to procreate as a driving force in couples who seek sex with other partners, particularly in the absence of a childbearing capability.

Is this one of the root causes of sexual philandering? Does curiosity, variety, lust, personality conflicts, partner dissatisfaction, economic state, have any relationship on the need to breed? What are the differences and similarities in these characteristics?” 

Tim asked, “I know you want children and I want children. Are you considering participating in this program?”

Tia said, “That’s why I’m discussing it with you. I don’t have any desire to take on another marriage partner to grow old with. I feel complete as a person with you. I feel complete as a couple with each other. I don’t want to risk that, and at the same time, I don’t want to be held to an outdated moral code or set of laws that say that if we have sex outside our marriage we have to sacrifice our relationship.

This logic makes no sense to me. I think the secret is that we completely trust each. Two people can only have this kind of relationship if the other partner is secure enough to know that such pleasure activities pose no threat to the relationship.”

Tim agreed. “I think the acceptance of society’s change comes about slowly. Behaviors change before cultural acceptance. It was around the turn of the century that some of our most hypocritical cultural problems existed. It was also during this period of time that some of these conditions began to emerge from the dark. I’m talking about, high divorce rates; same sex couples.... too many children in single parent homes.”

Tim said, “Let’s bring this conversation back to us. I thought you were commenting on a desire to participate in the program at the New Life Center.”

“Yes,” replied Tia. “I want to be impregnated by a surrogate male. Now, I’ve said it. You and I have discussed participating in some sexual pleasures outside our marriage. I have not acted on it as the opportunity has not presented itself and I have not found a convenient or acceptable partner. I have discovered from our work at the Life Center that impregnation by a donor is not threatening to a meaningful partnership.”

Tim responded, “Tia, I’m comfortable enough in our relationship to say, if I can’t give you a child I don’t think its right for me to deny you or us that privilege. I can see that this could become an issue that would drive us apart if we could not find a reasonable solution. “

“Thanks Tim, you know I love you, but for me to have a child, I want to be impregnated by a real live penis....one hung on the end of a man. Clinical artificial insemination is totally unacceptable to me. Certainly, the old insemination methods can produce a child but the process robs a mother the human aspects of conception. That seems to me illegitimate.” 

Chapter 3: The Appointment

Tia and Tim drove to their final qualifying appointment with the Fertility Team at the New Life Center. Tia had used her influence to get accepted into the research program on short notice. 

The team they were assigned was made up of a clinical psychologist, a fertility specialist, a donor and recipient representative. As in most research centers the donor and recipient representative perform most of the tests and keeps the statistical records.

The interview was conducted by the leader of the team, Dr. Jane Morgan. Dr Morgan insisted that everyone drop the professional formalities and call her Jane ...that is except the graduate assistants. Jane conducted the interview session first by describing the facilities.

The Conception Suite: 

Four conception suites have just been completed. They are located in a secluded wooded area of the University Medical Center overlooking University Lake. Each of the suites is made up of a breeding room and an observation room. The breeding room includes a kitchenette, a bath with Jacuzzi, small sofa and king size bed. You will find some special designed furniture to enhance copulation.

A variety of sex toys have been provided for your use and enjoyment. Mood music and special lighting effects are built in the facility

The refrigerator is equipped with light food and drink such as bottle water, soft drinks, wine, and protein snacks. The high protein snacks are provided to maintain energies without dulling senses. Usually there’s not much interest in eating while breeding is underway.

Then Jane explained some other features that had been designed into the facility. The New Life Center has discovered that some, of the wives who chose this method of impregnation want to include their husbands. They want him nearby. They want his support. If they are going to conceive a child in this manner they want their mate to be involved and totally approving. 

An observation room has been designed into the facility that allows the husband to watch should he desire to do so. Our research has found that in many cases the husband gets a lot of pleasure out of watching their mate’s conception. Many reported being quite turned-on during the wife’s mating sessions. The New Life team feels that voyeurism is a healthy activity and the wife feels better about her surrogate mating as well. In a disconnected way she is providing some pleasure for her husband. 

The Procedure: 

Dr. Harris, vice chairman of the Fertility Team, began by going over Tim and Tia’s medical file. Dr. Harris pointed out that they were a borderline case and that it was Tia’s extreme interest in this work that allowed them to recommend going forward. 

Dr Harris explained to Tia that her ovulation cycle would be monitored closely. Tia would have to keep a chart of rectal temperature to validate her most fertile days. Dr. Harris acknowledged that her cycle was pretty regular and that it would be easy to predict and prepare the conception suite on short notice. He even suggested they block schedule a week now based on her monthly period.

The first part of our preparation will involve some recommendations on diet for about a week in advance of the breeding. We will recommend a regimen of vitamins and we will provide Tia, Ovuxcel, the newly developed “sex enhancer” drug. It will be provided the morning of each breeding day. It is a bullet shaped pill that slides easily into the vagina. Immediately after insertion, it dissolves and the vaginal region is flooded with a large supply of blood. A significant rise in libido is usually experienced.

Tia will be more than physically ready for at least two or three couplings each day. A reduced dose will be given on the third day. We will give you three lower dose inserts for your use at home. We want you familiar with the sensations involved before the breeding.

It is recommended that two mating sessions be performed on the first day with the surrogate donor. A third mating with the husband during the first evening is also recommended. The New Life studies found that this had become reassuring for the wife with the husband finishing off the night and sleeping with her till morning. 

On the second night, two mating sessions will occur with the surrogate. We don’t want a mating with the husband on the second night. 

On the third day one mating with the surrogate is allowed.

Dr Harris explained the reasons for such a procedure. We want the husband to copulate with his wife on the first night to provide comfort and reassurance to her that they are in this together. This helps to remove any feeling of guilt she may have and will allow the woman to reaffirm her love for her husband. In addition, we are looking at the effects of competing sperm populations residing in the vagina at the same time.

The second night is considered the wife’s most fertile day. In all probability she will conceive the second night. We would prefer that competing populations of sperm be absent on the second night. Therefore the breeding subject will thoroughly clean the vagina before the second day of activity.

The third day is felt to be one in which the female thanks the surrogate. 

Next, Dr Harris discussed the subject of gender selection. “You, like most young couples have decided that a baby boy will be your first born. We now have a drug called YM-protein that will insure the male sex of the baby. The XF-protein is used to produce a female baby. The genetically engineered protein is incorporated in the Ovuxcel insert. They are color coded for easy identification. For instance the male insert is blue and the female insert is pink.”

The inserts that we give you to take home will be clear in color. The lower dosage inserts are effective for only four hours. They are to be used for sex enhancement only. 

We want Tia to take a sample of ejaculate after each mating session. We have provided a special sample syringe and collection tubes for each sampling. As Dr. Morgan indicated, we are especially interested in the competing sperm population samples produced after her husband’s intercourse session.

We will examine Tia on a predetermined schedule first to establish pregnancy and second to assist her through her pregnancy and subsequent birth.

Sex Practices:

Dr Morgan took over from Dr Harris and covered the subject of sex practices. We want to make the experience for Tia as comfortable as possible. We try to discourage anything associated with pain or domination. The New Life Center is not prepared to go into controversial sex habits at this time. We have concluded that anything else in this area is acceptable as long as Tia is comfortable. 

The subject of anal intercourse always comes up and we want to respond so that you won’t be too embarrassed to discuss it. Many of our test subjects have requested permission to allow anal sex. If Tia wants this, then we have no objection. But we do insist on complete cleanliness, enemas, condoms and lubricant if you go into that area. We all are familiar with the health risks associated with this form of sex play. Should any couple participate in this activity, the New Life Center is relieved of all liability. . This is part of the form you signed when you applied to our program. 

The chance of contacting Aids today is rare with good sex practices. Certainly we want to prevent anything like this. The treatment and cure is very expensive.

In general, if it feels good and you enjoy it, then do it.

The Donor: 

The Fertility Team informed Tim and Tia that three prospective donors had been selected from the information that had been furnished in the application interviews. The prospective donors were picked having many similar physical attributes of Tim. Hair color, eye color, size, weight, body type and, yes, even penis size was a factor.

Tim and Tia smiled and laughed.

The Fertility Team indicated that most prospective mothers would pick penis size slightly larger than the husband’s. They weren’t sure whether that was a wish for increased pleasure during the breeding or a desire for a male baby to be well endowed. 

“Both” was Tia’s laughing reply.

The briefing continued. “We have selected three prospects from similar education backgrounds and similar professional backgrounds. Two prospects are married and one is single (divorced). Most of our donors are married as this is less threatening to the receiving couple. Our database of donors usually comes to us from an association of colleagues doing research in the area of human reproduction or human psychology.

The donors all have a history of producing pregnancies. The donor will be absolved of all responsibility in the care and nurturing of the child. That will obviously be assumed by the recipients. Should questions of health come up in future years the New Life Center will involve itself in the resolution. We have advanced beyond the old adoption laws and will seek to resolve the situation in the best interest of the child and all parties involved.

We will use first names only in the identification of the donors. Their names are Greg, Kyle and Zane. Files with personal information and photographs are provided for your review. We ask you to take these home and determine if any donor prospect is to be eliminated. Then an evening dinner is advised for the prospects still under consideration. We recommend a face to face meeting with at least two prospects before final selection. We want you to be completely sure that you have made a good donor selection before the breeding. 

Tim, you and Tia have the freedom to terminate the breeding at any time you wish. But keep in mind that after the first intercourse Tia may be impregnated. If necessary we can abort the process with the “morning-after” pill. We don’t want this to happen. We must warn you that this is a sign of instability and it will decrease your opportunity of participating in a future program.

Tia said, “I don’t think that will be a problem with the way my biological clock is racing.”

Chapter 4: Picking the Right Donor

As Tim and Tia were driving home the conversation turned to...what else...sex. Tia was looking through the folders of each donor and with raised eyebrows said, “WOW look at the size of Zane’s cock. He must be 10 inches or more. “

Tim in some amazement stated, “You mean they include nude pictures of the men.”

Tia smiled and teased, “Absolutely, they even show the male with a hard-on. How else can a little girl make a good choice if she doesn’t know the size of his breeding tool?”

Tim laughed and said, “I don’t know if I can approve. You may get spoiled on that thing.”

“I guess you’re right, we have to consider other factors such as intellect, education etc... yeah right,” was Tia’s tongue in cheek answer.

Tia put down the files, slid over next to Tim and in baby talk said, “I can never give up my little Tim.” She then cupped Tim’s balls in her hands and said, “these seem a little swollen. Did you get a little worked up in that interview?”

“You damn right,” replied Tim, “and I’ll bet a fire is burning between your legs too.”

“Well,” Tina said, “when we get home I will get that swelling out of your balls if you cool off this heat between my legs.

“That’s a deal,” both replied.

Tim then questioned, “Do we need to use one of the inserts?”

Tia smiled and said, “Not yet, I’m saving that for Saturday. You better be ready go three rounds and spend all day in bed. Think you can keep up?”
