 My story, THUNDER OF THE GODS, is a product of my imagination, although knowledge of certain aspects of the tale come from my experiences. In its entirety, it is ~ 45,000 words long, so I have chosen to release it in several parts, constituting a total of 19 chapters. This fourth part, Chapters 9-11, continues the story, with ever increasing erotic and exotic situations. The story's evolving sexual tension builds towards a bizarre denouement at the end.

Chapter 9

By nine the next morning Lacee and Philip had loaded the remainder of their equipment and supplies into the canoe, and after bidding goodbye to Jose and Amalia, they struck out back upriver for Akbalcab. Once beyond the boundaries of the Martinez's farm, the surrounding forest closed in on them, embracing them in its verdant womb. Stroking steadily, the pair gradually made their way upstream against the moderate current, not yet showing the effect of any runoff from mountain rains. Around noon they reached a large slow-moving pool where they ceased paddling long enough to drift while they ate lunch. Lacee stood up carefully to stretch, slipping out of her clothes to stand naked in the bow. Her tawny skin glistened with the dew of the morning's exercise, providing Philip with a sumptuous view of her primal beauty engulfed by the brilliant sunlight. As Lacee resumed her seat in the front, Philip rose to shed his clothing to complement her natural attire. Lacee turned her head to admire his lean body, already tanning and hardening in response to their new life. 

Philip gave Lacee a relaxed smile, saying, " I guess this is symbolic of our journey into the depths of mystery. We've shed the last vestiges of civilization and can now open our minds and senses to the ancient Maya world." 

With her smooth back muscles rippling as she began paddling, Lacee replied, "I feel utterly free now, Philip, and I can't wait to get back home to Akbalcab."

By late afternoon they had reached the Rio Guacamayo, where they once again stopped to spend the night. The shelter from their earlier stop was still intact, and Philip and Lacee strung their hammocks beneath the protective palm fronds. As darkness approached, they retreated to a shallow part of the Rio Oscuro to cool and bathe themselves. They alternately soaped each other, lingering tenderly on each others' genitals. 

Not surprisingly, as Lacee soaped and rinsed Philip's organ it responded by addressing her with a full-mast salute. Kneeling in front of him, she encircled its bulbous apex with her mouth, coating its surface with her warm saliva, while stroking the rigid timber with her hands. Lacee gradually increased her tempo, coaxing Philip's tumescent shaft to what seemed like the bursting point. In the deepening twilight the pair blended perfectly with the wild scenery around them. Philip's head arched backwards as his loins began to convulse. In response, Lacee threw back her head as the ivory lava erupted from the tip of his manhood. Philip's discharge seemed endless, and soon Lacee's breasts and stomach were glazed with the creamy effluent. Stiffly staggering forward, Philip pulled Lacee's head to his groin, where she buried her face in his pubic foliage, occasionally backing off to lick the abating trickle from the end of his tamed beast. 

Her body glowed warmly where his juices had coated her, causing her to exclaim, "God, Philip, you are superb! I can't believe that any human can have the power that you display when we make love." 

"I can't explain it, Lacee," he answered. "I've never felt anything like what I experience with you. It's as if someone or something takes over my body when we come together."

The sky was now almost dark, and to the east Lacee and Philip could see lightning, followed after a time by rumbling thunder. The mountains were beginning to feel the onset of the rainy season, and both of them knew that this might be the last night the river would be its gentle, soothing self for several weeks. They fell into their hammocks, grateful that by tomorrow night they would be safe and snug in their new home at Akbalcab. Unseen by Lacee and Philip, two coal-black eyes pierced the darkness to observe them. Only the bats coursing through the forest sensed the ebony tail twitching in silence.

Chapter 10

By paddling hard and with little respite, Lacee and Philip reached Akbalcab in the late afternoon the following day. As they had worked their way upstream through the enveloping verdure, it seemed like all of the forest creatures were out to welcome them home. Throughout the day, legions of vociferous parrots crisscrossed the river, and once a flock of vibrant scarlet macaws flew overhead making their way downstream. Both howler and spider monkeys were in evidence in several of the fruiting fig trees along the streambank, and twice they had surprised tapirs lolling in the cool shallows of the river. Philip opined that probably nowhere else in Central America were the original wild inhabitants in such abundance as here, and that he hoped he and Lacee could insure that they remained so in the future. Once they arrived at the landing site they unloaded the canoe, storing it and the gear under the temporary shelter they had built when they first arrived. Knowing that everything would be safe for the night, Lacee and Philip made their way quickly through the ruins to their new home. It was almost dark by the time they arrived, but the partially finished house looked secure and inviting in the small clearing in the imposing forest. After eating a light supper, they both eagerly sought their hammocks for a relaxing end to a strenuous day. 

"I can't believe that we're finally settled in, Philip", Lacee said. "It feels like this is truly our home and that we've been here for ages". 

"I know what you mean", he responded. "I really feel great and can't wait to begin our explorations of the ruins. We should be able to finish the walls to the house in a couple of days, hopefully in time to beat the heavy rains." 

As he spoke, lightning flashes to the east signaled the approaching rains, and an hour or so later a brief downpour enveloped the clearing. Watching from their cozy hammocks, they were entertained by the brilliant flashes of light which created bizarre vignettes on the walls of the forest surrounding the clearing.

For the next three days they worked steadily to complete the walls of the house, taking time off only to eat and take cooling dips in Crique Abeja. Once the house was secured against the elements, Lacee and Philip concentrated on constructing a few pieces of rudimentary furniture and some shelving. By the fourth day after their return, they felt satisfied with their progress and agreed that the next day could be devoted to exploring their surroundings. Their new home was not much by the standards of the outside world, but it seemed like a castle to them. In traditional Maya style, it was divided in half, with the back part dedicated to cooking and storage, while the front would serve as their sleeping, eating, and working area. Since the hammocks for sleeping could be moved out of the way each day, there was plenty of room for a small table and a couple of benches. Philip even promised to build a rocking chair when the rains forced them inside for a day. Although neither of them was particularly worried about marauding animals, they both agreed that their house should have doors and window shutters. 

When completed, Philip remarked, "I would say that an original inhabitant of Akbalcab would not think this house out of place here. It probably looks pretty much like the typical house around here over a millennium ago". 

"I agree", Lacee responded, "it reminds me of the houses in my village of La Tigra, which were supposedly little changed from the ancient days".

Now that they were settled into their house and felt secure from the elements, Lacee and Philip were ready to begin serious investigation of the ruins. One thing that they agreed to do was to clear out the undergrowth throughout the main plaza. They knew that this would be only a temporary measure, as the vegetation would quickly work at reclaiming the area. By clearing the understory, they would be able to get a more expansive look at the plaza, without cutting the magnificent canopy trees that shrouded the area. They planned to work sparingly on clearing the vegetation, as this type of work was tiring and not particularly exciting. By cutting most of the morning, Lacee and Philip had by noon cleared a corridor between the main pyramid, which they had by now named Pyramid of Akbalcab, and the slightly smaller one directly across the plaza, that they planned to begin exploring in the afternoon. It was obviously an important structure, and the stairs seemed to be ornamented with several hieroglyphic characters.

After lunch, they began ascending the pyramid steps, which were in a reasonably good state of repair, although several trees had long since taken root and disrupted their stony regularity. At several points along the ascending stairway, Philip noted various glyphs that read colel and cib, which he felt referred to the temple above. 

"These words have been repeated frequently, Lacee", he said, "and I wonder if they could be interpreted as "honey lady" or "honey goddess", which are the most common translations of the words". 

"Do you think that she might have been a ruler here, Philip", Lacee asked. 

"I'm not sure yet", he responded, "but the temple at the top may give us some further clues". 

By mid-afternoon, they had worked their way to the top, which Philip estimated to be at least 200 feet above the plaza floor. The top was surmounted by a small temple, with the roof comb typical of this part of the Classic Maya area. Working their way around to the right, they could see that the pyramid was actually partially built into the side of a hill, which separated the plaza from the Rio Oscuro.

Returning to the front of the temple, they entered through the central doorway into a chamber typical of the architecture of the period. The room was about three times as long as wide, the width as usual being limited by the dynamics of the Maya corbelled arch. Philip pulled out a flashlight, and they passed through a second doorway, stopping briefly to admire the sapote wood lintel, covered with marvelously executed hieroglyphs. 

"I can't wait to get a closer look at those, Lacee", he said. "there's enough on there to hopefully give us a good deal of information about this pyramid and temple." 

"It looks so familiar to me, Philip", she responded dreamily, "and yet I know that I've never before seen a beam like this." 

"Maybe your mind is remembering photographs of some of the few of these that have escaped the ravages of time and man," Philip said. 

"Maybe", Lacee answered thoughtfully.

Once inside the inner chamber, they played the light around the walls. There was evidence of murals on the back wall, but centuries of seeping water had discolored and covered them with a layer of calcite. Centered in front of the back wall was a curious bench or altar, remarkable in the detail of the carvings around its base. The top was concave, almost like a shallow bathtub, while all sides of the base were carved with representations of nude women in reclining poses. Each was being attended to by a regally attired woman figure, who appeared to be bathing the nude figures. 

"Very curious, Lacee," Philip said, "nudity is seldom expressed in Maya art, except in the case of captives, and these ladies are apparently not being treated as captives". 

"Maybe the hieroglyphs will tell us more", Lacee responded. "who do you think the woman attending to them was"? 

"I'm not sure yet," he answered, "but I'm beginning to suspect that she may be Colelcib, the honey goddess, although I'm not certain what it all means."

Finding nothing further of great interest in the chamber and noting the lateness of the day, Lacee and Philip decided it was time to descend to the plaza and their house. 

"We definitely need to spend a good deal more time here," Philip said, "but I'd first like to get a better overall understanding of the entire ruin complex before we look at details. After all, we have an entire year to get to know the place."

Lacee readily agreed, and they made their carefully to the shadowy world below. From the top of the as yet, unexplored pyramid to their southwest, a pair of intense eyes followed them as they picked their way through the jumbled stairs. The only noticeable movement was the slight twitching of a thick, black tail.

For the next two weeks, they worked their way around the main plaza, gradually clearing away undergrowth and exposing more and more of the ruined temples and smaller structures. The western side of the plaza was dominated by another large pyramid, with stairways on both the plaza side and to the rear facing the ball court. This structure was surmounted by a small temple, which was decorated by hieroglyphs that indicated its significance to the season of the corn harvest. Several of the glyphs could be translated as ahau nal, or 'ripe corn', which both knew was the life blood of the Maya civilization. 

"I wish we had arrived early enough to plant corn here", Lacee remarked. "I feel as if we are betraying the ancient ones by missing the planting season". 

"Let's wait until the veranillo," Philip replied, using the Spanish term for the short summer dry period. "Maybe if we can keep down the growth in our clearing we can plant some there. It should still have plenty of time to ripen for us to have our own special ahau nal ceremony." 

During these two weeks, the rainy season storms had crept closer and closer, threatening to open the skies to the tropical downpours that characterized this time of the year, but never quite arriving. 

"Why don't we climb to the main temple early tomorrow morning to greet the new day," Philip said. "The rainy season seems to be late this year, and maybe our plea to the rain god will be heard". 

They had previously been to the top of the Akbalcab pyramid, as they now called it, earlier in the week, and the view it commanded was splendid. It towered at least 200 feet above the plaza floor, its capping temple surmounting the surrounding forest, and it seeming to draw both of them to its lofty summit with an inexplicable power.

Chapter 11

With the first hint of the breaking day, Philip and Lacee left their hut to undertake the strenuous ascent of the pyramid. There was a slight chill in the air which caused them both to shiver under their scanty clothing, but the climb soon warmed them comfortably. Carefully picking their way up the treacherous stone steps, they eventually neared the top as the forest-shrouded sky lightened. Once on top, Lacee turned to face Philip and the beckoning dawn, softly dropping her shirt and shorts as the sun's first rays caressed her glowing face. From his kneeling position on the step beneath her, Philip's face was level with her pubic inflorescence. Bending forward slightly, he gently grasped her buttocks and pulled her towards his searching tongue. Stimulated by its serpentine motion in the luxuriant foliage of her ebony bush, Lacee's blushing petals parted in liquid acquiescence. She grasped Philip's head with her hands, pulling his mouth up hard against her impatient mound. Her eyes began to glaze over, as she stared out across the verdant plaza which was partially cloaked by the swirling early morning mist. From the tops of the giant forest trees, flamboyant toucans began their discordant croaking as they proclaimed their presence to one another, while closer at hand bejeweled hummingbirds attacked each other and the colorful flowers that beckoned with sweet nectar. Not to be outdone by the boisterous hummingbirds, Philip feverishly lapped at the ambrosial honey flowing from Lacee's cleft corolla.

As their passion mounted, Lacee and Philip disengaged and surmounted the final step to arrive at the temple ruins. Their previous explorations had divulged the existence of a large stone frog altar to the right of the doorway, which Philip had identified as depicting the god, Uo. Uo was a significant figure in Maya mythology, representing the life-giving rains that watered their important crops. It was thought by archaeologists that Uo was derived from the Mexican burrowing frog, a bizarre frog that appears above the surface of the ground to breed following the first heavy rains of the season, calling loudly with a "u-o" sound that could be heard a mile away. Still clad in his shorts and shirt, Philip quickly shed them to reveal the magnitude of his passion. Grasping him firmly by his prominent shaft, Lacee led them towards the unyielding stone Uo. 

Lying backwards on its smooth curved surface, she spread her legs lasciviously, purring throatily as she pinched her erect nipples. Breathing heavily, Philip padded towards her with his monumental member leading the way. He firmly grasped each of Lacee's lissome calves, pushing her legs upward and outward to expose her glowing oven. 

"We're really at home now, Philip", Lacee moaned huskily, "take your sword and sheath it to the hilt in me ". 

In total accord, Philip poised its burly head at her outer lips, moving it up and down in the loosening furrow as their lubricants mingled. Gradually he began to work it inward, clenching his muscular buttocks in unison with the downward strokes of his turgid stave. 

As it reached the depths of her steaming cauldron, Lacee gasped saying, "you're so deep in me, Philip! I can almost feel you in my throat, and I wish I could suck you too!" 

Moaning deeply, Philip responded, "it feels like I'm being drawn into a timeless vortex, and I no longer have an identity". 

By now the sun had risen far enough to illuminate their interlocked bodies,exposed in their primal beauty to the ancient Maya gods. At a distance from its perch in a giant ceiba tree, an alert harpy eagle surveyed the pair as they coupled on the supportive back of the anuran altar. For thirty minutes, they merged their individual identities into a erogenous paean to the ancient gods of Akbalcab, gradually coating the timeworn back of Uo with the piquant fluid leaking from Lacee's steaming kiln. At last, Philip slowly withdrew his glazed organ and stepped backwards to pull her upwards by the hands.

"You look like a slippery female Uo, Lacee," he whispered, gazing at her thighs and mons, now glistening with their liquid love. "Turn around and lie face down on the altar so that I can become the male Uo."

Lacee stretched languidly on the flattened expanse of the oversized Uo, reaching forward to grasp the animal's forearms and placing her feet on the frog's rigid thighs which were directed laterally from the body. It was not lost upon Philip's eyes that in this position Lacee looked very much like a female frog ready for amplexus. Wasting no time, he stepped forward and grasped her around the waist, lifting slightly to position her dripping crevice in line with his corpulent staff. Unlike the male Uo, which could boast of no organ of intromission, Philip slid his well-lubricated shaft inward until his pubic ruff came to rest against Lacee's burnished buttocks.

Sensitized by their previous activity, they both began to moan uncontrollably. Philip's pendant spheres were straining to unload their liquid cargo, and his turgid member seemed to have a mind of its own as it vigorously plumbed the depths of Lacee's grasping chamber. Without realizing it, both were soon breaking the forest silence with deeply resonating "u-u-o-o", "u-u-o-o" sounds, that seemed to emanate from the depths of their souls. Finally, uttering a booming bass "u-u-u-o-o-o" that reverberated among the trees, Philip withdrew his bursting organ, which proceeded to inundate Lacee's tawny back and buttocks with pulsating streams of glistening cream. When his liquid passion was finally expended, Philip leaned forward to massage the creamy lotion into the skin of Lacee's backsides as she squirmed and quietly moaned. 
