 My story, THUNDER OF THE GODS, is a product of my imagination, although knowledge of certain aspects of the tale come from my experiences. In its entirety, it is ~ 45,000 words long, so I have chosen to release it in several parts, constituting a total of 19 chapters. This fifth part, Chapters 12-15, continues the story, with increasingly barely believable erotic and exotic situations. The story's evolving sexual tension builds towards a bizarre denouement at the end.

Chapter 12

As Philip had surmised, the Uo did breed that night, and for the next two nights thereafter. Heavy rains continued to fall for almost forty-eight hours, and Lacee and Philip were grateful to be snug and dry in their new house. During lulls in the rain, they could hear the roar of the Rio Oscuro as it swept past on its rush to the sea. Both gave a silent prayer of thanks to the gods for allowing them to safely reach Akbalcab in time. For almost two weeks it seemed like the rains continued unabated, during which time they were pretty much restricted to the house and the small adjoining thatched open shelter. There, they could hang their hammocks, talk, and watch the surrounding luxuriant forest as it soaked up the life-sustaining rains. Although it was an uncomfortable time for humans, other animals seemed to revel in the abundant moisture. 

Frogs and toads, of course, were in heaven, and every night, and a good part of each day, the plaza resounded with booming, mixed choruses of these colorful creatures, gratefully toasting the opportunity for orgiastic mating displays. One morning, during a slight lull in the downpour when the anuran mating was especially frenzied, Lacee and Philip shed their clothes to wade into a shallow aguada to watch the activity. Male frogs of several types were frantically swimming about and engaging receptive females in bouts of promiscuous amplexus, clasping their distaff partners behind the front legs as their responding organs released eggs and sperm to complete the cycle. The coupling amphibians paid no heed to Lacee and Philip as they moved about among them, and the noisy aggregation of fornicating frogs eventually began to have an effect upon Philip. 

Spying him out of the corner of her eye, Lacee exclaimed, "Philip, look what's happening to you! I think there must be an excess of frog pheromones in the air and now Pedro is ready for action. Come over here to this rock and let's see what we can do about it." 

Feeling somewhat sheepish, Philip sloshed through the shallow water to a large flat boulder where Lacee reclined with an impish grin on her face. Reaching upward, she grasped his distended organ and began to blow softly on its head. 

"Do you think if I kiss Pedro I can get him to sing for me?", Lacee asked. "You don't want him to feel inferior to all these noisy frogs and toads, do you?", she continued, teasing the tip with her nimble tongue. 

In response, the enormous purple head opened its mouth, but sadly, all that emerged were a few clear droplets, which fell tantalizing upon Lacee's lascivious tongue. 

Sighing in mock sadness, Lacee turned around and knelt upon the rock, saying to Philip, "I guess we'd better redeem ourselves and show these frogs what we mammals can do."

Needing no further cue, he stepped forward to rest his distended organ on Lacee's back while he kneaded her dangling breasts. Balancing herself with one hand, she reached backwards with the other to fondle Philip's heavy spheres, occasionally withdrawing it to caress the inside of his thighs and taint.

The rain had begun to come down more heavily now, leaving Lacee and Philip to appear as a steaming apparition in the middle of the pond. Their passion rose in proportion to the rain, and Philip backed off to mount Lacee from behind. Both of their bodies were dripping with the heaven-sent liquid, and Philip fought to maintain himself in place on Lacee's squirming body. Finally, in seeming imitation of the clasping frogs, he grasped her firmly above her breasts and with renewed purchase plunged his hardened piston in and out of her resilient chamber. 

The driving rain had made the boulder impossibly slippery, and Lacee and Philip's locked bodies slid sideways into the shallow pond. Undaunted, as were their amphibian neighbors, the two naked mammals bucked and groaned as part of the chorus, with Philip maintaining his position atop Lacee's back. Finally, with a bass rumble, Philip spewed his load deep within Lacee, who pitched forward in exhaustion. Still interlocked, Philip rolled on his back bringing Lacee to the top where she rested, firmly skewered upon his shaft. While the two of them gradually regained their breath and senses, unconcerned coupling frogs hopped and swam about them in the life-giving waters.

Chapter 13

Finally, after about three weeks, the rains began to ease off, and there were some days with no, or limited amounts of rain. By this time, Lacee and Philip were more than ready to continue their explorations, and they decided to go beyond the main plaza. In addition to the three main pyramids surrounding it, the plaza was enclosed by several other lower edifices which appeared to have been living quarters, probably for the city's elite. To the immediate west was the ball court, which was fronted at its west end by another pyramid. Early one relatively dry morning, they set out to explore it, circling the Pyramid and Temple of the Ripe Corn to enter the jumbled ball court from the east. Working their way along the court, it was obvious that it had been flanked on both sides by smooth-sided walls, themselves surmounted by what were probably viewing areas for the common people. They eventually located both stone rings set in the side walls, through which contestants would have tried to bounce the hard rubber balls. This was no easy feat, as the holes were small, and the players could use only their padded hips to direct the ball towards these difficult goals. 

"I doubt if there would have been any NBA type scores with rules like these," Philip remarked. 

"Not likely," Lacee answered, "and I'll bet there weren't any prima donnas on the teams either." 

"You're right there", Philip continued, "these games were far too serious, with their religious and ceremonial undertones, to have any place for inflated egos." 

The court measured about a hundred feet long by about twenty-five feet wide, and they eventually worked their way to the west end at the base of the far pyramid. Carefully making their way among the jumbled steps, they climbed to the top, which was about seventy-five feet above the ball court. At the top was a small temple, which Philip soon identified as being dedicated to ceremonies for the new or green corn, or yax nal in Maya. 

Both inside and outside the temple were glyphs that were explicit in this interpretation, and Philip said, "I feel pretty certain that this ball court was important in the ceremonies connected with the corn planting and harvesting cycle, especially since the Temple of the Ripe Corn is located at the opposite end."

Their morning's exertions had tired them considerably, and following a light lunch overlooking the ball court, Philip leaned back against the Green Corn Temple, while Lacee stretched out on her back with her head on his lap. The break in the rains had brought out myriads of insects, including the noisy cicadas which inhabited virtually every tree. Their monotonous music soon formed a mesmerizing backdrop to the scene, and Lacee and Philip both responded with drooping eyelids. Soon both were sleeping soundly.

She could faintly hear the crowd now, excitedly chattering as they awaited the annual spectacle. The cohune oil lamp burned brightly, casting dancing figures upon the temple walls as she applied the finishing touches to her ceremonial dress. Her slave Chac-ha, or Red Spring, nominally assisted her in dressing, but her youthful impertinence negated most of her activities from a practical standpoint. Chac-ha and several other teenage girls had been received in a gesture of peace from the ruler of Caracol last year, and in spite of the girl's flaws she had become fond of her. 

"Your ladyship", Chac-ha said, as she combed her mistress' luxuriant pubic hair, "you will be the most beautiful woman out there today." 

"Thank you", Chac-ha, she responded, "you have become a trusted companion, and I appreciate your compliment. You yourself are becoming a lovely young woman, and perhaps next year you will be chosen for the game." 

"Do you really think so, my lady", Chac-ha responded, jumping to her feet. 

Slipping out of her simple cotton shift she stood completely naked before her. She eyed Chac-ha critically, reaching out to tweak her nipples to erection, then turning her slowly around while she stroked her glossy black pubic mound. Chac-ha moaned slightly while spreading her legs and backing up with her shapely buttocks against her mistress. The two of them swayed gently in an erotic interlude before breaking apart to continue with their dressing activities. 

"Enough for today, my child", she whispered. "you are obviously going to be ready for the game next year, and if you are lucky you will taste the spoils of victory."

Turning, Chac-ha once more knelt before her lady. Glancing upward, she admired the braided gold circlet ringing her head, splendidly set off by her shoulder-length raven hair. At the front of her slim neck was a gold clasp holding the short cape of scintillating green quetzal feathers that covered her upper back and shoulders. In front, nothing but a slim jade pendant interrupted the sleek contours of her elegant breasts, prominently capped with nipples that had been rouged by Chac-ha. Lowering her eyes, Chac-ha admired the slim lines of her mistress' waist and bronzed abdomen, which flowed gracefully downward to her upper thighs. Nestled between them was her silky pubic fleece, which reminded Chac-ha of the gossamer threads of a spider web. She bent forward to kiss it reverently. Accenting her mistress' hips was a narrow band of jaguar fur, which flared outward behind to barely cover her well-formed buttocks. Below this splendid display of womanhood was the uninterrupted expanse of her sleek legs, gracefully terminated at her feet by anklets of gold chain. Her feet were shod in soft deerskin sandals, and Chac-ha thought that she had never seen anyone so beautiful.

Kissing Chac-ha affectionately on top of her head, she moved towards the doorway, telling her to watch the game from there. As the conch shell trumpets resounded around the court, she stepped forward into the bright sunlight and the hushed murmur of approbation from the crowd below. The scene presented was dazzling, with the white stucco of the pyramids contrasting with the bright blue and red colors of the ball court. Lining both sides were the several hundred spectators from among the common people, while around her and at the opposite end were the privileged nobility. Taking her place on the jaguar-skin covered dais at the edge of the platform, she arranged herself so that her admiring subjects could view her fully. She had only to wait a few moments before additional conch trumpets sounded from the pyramid at the opposite end, signaling the arrival of their lord. He glided regally from the Temple of the Ripe Corn, coming to a halt at the edge of the platform where his striking form could be seen by all. He was clad solely in a magnificent cape of jaguar skin, which stopped at his waist to leave open to view his impressive genitals. Two pendulous testicles hung below his black pubic bush, from which protruded a slumbering penis of kingly proportions. From first-hand experience, she knew that fully erect it was as long as her forearm.

She leaned forward with interest to immerse herself in the game. Initiated many years ago by his grandfather, Bolon Wits, the corn sowing ceremonial ball game was in answer to the slaving depredations carried out by their neighbors to the west. For years and years many of their most promising young people were carried off by war parties, while many more were killed in defense of their city. Bolon Wits, or 'Nine Mountains' was afraid that his people would ultimately die out as a result of this population drain, so he initiated this ceremonial ball game in an attempt to increase the birth rate among his people. The ceremony had evolved slowly through his and his son's reign, but had only reached its full potential with the accession of his grandson to the throne. Looking at him standing at the opposite end, she was aware of his obvious virility, the object of unabashed pride from his admiring subjects. Suddenly the crowd fell hushed as the game's contestants filed onto the court from opposite ends. Nine maidens from each end, each cloaked only in a pure white cotton shift, came to a stop in the center and turned to face each other. As they turned their head to view their lord, he addressed them. 

"You have been chosen by our leaders to represent our people in the corn sowing ceremony. Each of you has made an impression through your virtue and beauty, and each of you is considered worthy to carry our prayers to our gods. To the winners of this game will go the honor of becoming one with the gods. Those of you who do not win will know no shame, but rather return to your lives to carry on the important work of raising families and increasing our wealth as a people. Prepare yourselves for the game, and may Yach Balam be with you."

With their lord's command, the eighteen contestants stepped out of their shifts to reveal themselves in their virginal beauty. The crowd murmured in approval, as assistants came forward to prepare the young women for the contest. Each was fitted about the waist with a set of leather pads which rested on their hips, and they were rubbed from head to foot in palm oil. Once this was completed, the hard rubber ball was brought into play. Months of training had brought the contestants to the peak of physical prowess, and their energy was boundless. Part of the reason for the game was to stimulate the spectators sexually, as the sowing of the corn in this instance was an allegory for human fecundity. With their totally unclad, nubile bodies, the eighteen contestants moved about with what seemed to be wanton abandon. Their sleek young bodies, coated in the glistening oil, assumed all manner of poses in pursuit of the ball, and male and female spectators alike were treated to an erogenous spectacle.

In this game, the first team to score three goals was to be declared the winner. The teams could be recognized by the color of the flowers woven into their hair, white for one team and red for the other. The game had begun when the sun was at its zenith, and by mid-afternoon both teams had scored twice. By this time the crowd was thoroughly aroused, with couples sitting noticeably closer to one another. At this stage, touching was permitted, but coital activity was proscribed until later. 

Finally, to the crowd's noisy pleasure, one of the red team's players bounced the ball through the ring for the third and final goal. Immediately, the conch trumpets rang out from both ends and the players lined up in the center facing one another. In unison, disappointed white teammates stepped forward to embrace and kiss the smiling winners. There were no hard feelings, however, as the sweaty, oiled bodies formed a tawny, writing snake down the center of the ball court. Finally, the embracing ended, and the white team members filed off the court to disappear among the spectators and a score of hopeful suitors.

The nine winning team members lined up once again facing the Temple of the Ripe Corn, where they could see their lord standing at the top step. Attendants carrying bowls and cups appeared from beside the pyramid and began to wash each of them down with scented water. Each was also given a draught of a golden liquid, which almost immediately seemed to stimulate and excite them. Meanwhile, at the top of the pyramid, his lordship was being ministered to by two female attendants. The crowd gasped in approval as each of the attendants dipped their hands into a bowl and proceeded to alternately stroke their master's prominent organ. Within minutes, it had grown to prodigious size, proudly jutting out in front of his muscled body. He turned to face the virgins below, and at his signal the one who had scored the winning goal began to ascent the stairway. 

Although it was high and steep, she seemed to float to the top, and once there she was led by the two attendants to a smoothly rounded altar at the edge of the platform where the tableaux was visible to the spectators. Gently, they eased her down on her stomach, leaving her bronzed buttocks proudly revealed in their lordship's direction. As the crowd held their collective breath, he slowly advanced upon this virginal display, coming to a stop with his massive member poised in a virile salute above her waiting receptacle. While one attendant caressed her shoulders and head, the other grasped his swollen shaft to direct it into the maiden's abstemious chamber. With increasingly powerful thrusts, he was soon immersed in her, and the crowd began a rhythmic chant, ts'ap, ts'ap, ts'ap ['plant the seed, plant the seed']. Gradually their tempo and his pace increased, until he threw back his head and roared as his seed was planted deep within her pliant furrow. This was a signal to the aroused crowd, and they separated into pairs who soon made the ball court a sea of moaning, interlocked couples.

At the opposite end, she gazed upon her lord as he proceeded to reward the other eight winners, and she offered a silent prayer that each would produce a valuable new member of the royal family. Reclining on her dais, she motioned to Chac-ha standing in the doorway to come to her. Throughout the ceremony she had been stroking her silken mound, and now her damp hand made obvious her arousal. Spreading her legs, she drew Chac-ha downward so that her face was level with her glistening triangle. Needing no further direction, Chac-ha proceeded to kiss and lick her heated crevice until, with a high-pitched wail, she locked her ankles around the young girl and released her passion onto her adoring face.

Lacee's eyes suddenly popped open. In a daze, she felt her hand on her mons and saw her shorts beside her. Sights and sounds began to flood her consciousness as she wondered at the sopping wetness between her thighs. She glanced upwards at Philip who was still sound asleep, and then directed her eyes to the scene below the pyramid. Instead of the spectacle that she had recently witnessed, nothing but a jumbled mass of limestone and vegetation greeted her gaze. Smiling to herself, Lacee slumped backwards against Philip to reflect upon the mystery that was Akbalcab.

Chapter 14

The day after their investigation of the ball court, Lacee and Philip explored in that direction towards the Rio Las Cuevas. They left the trail as it neared the boat landing and cut a new path southward along this tributary of the Rio Oscuro. About a hundred yards upstream the forest began to take on a different aspect, and soon they found themselves in what appeared to be a fruit grove. They were surrounded by orange and lime trees, bananas, pineapples, and mangos. 

"Someone must have planted these within the past thirty or forty years," Philip remarked. "I know that no one lives in this area now, but at some time there must have been a homesite here. All of these plants were introduced by Europeans, so they weren't here when the ancient Maya were." 

"Look, Philip! There are also native fruit trees here in the grove. I see sapote, avocado, annonas, and papaya. I wonder if someone just expanded upon what was originally an orchard for the ancient city?" 

