 My story, THUNDER OF THE GODS, is a product of my imagination, although knowledge of certain aspects of the tale come from my experiences. In its entirety, it is ~ 45,000 words long, so I have chosen to release it in several parts, constituting a total of 20 chapters. This fifth part, Chapters 16-18 continues the story, with increasingly barely believable erotic and exotic situations. The story's evolving sexual tension builds towards a bizarre denouement at the end. 

*

Chapter 16

For the next two months Philip and Lacee continued their exploration of the ruins, focusing their attention upon the Akbalcab pyramid and the mysterious tomb deep within its bowels. They had managed to remove the blockage at its entrance, easing their access to examine its contents and murals more closely. Working by the light of a gas lantern, they slowly unraveled the intriguing and puzzling tale told by the walls. The murals were accompanied by extensive glyphic messages, detailing the story of apparently the city's last ruler. To their consternation, the tableaux appeared to be incomplete, with at least one mural missing. Philip had suggested that it was possible that something catastrophic had happened before the entire message was completed, but they could find no evidence to support this hypothesis.

On this day, they were closely examining the wall adjacent to the large stone altar that dominated the room, when Philip made an intriguing discovery. 

"Feel here, Lacee," he said, pointing to what appeared to be a seam in the wall. "It seems to me as if I can feel cool air rushing through." 

"I think you're right," she responded, bringing her face up close to the wall. "Let me light one of those candles and see if the flame flickers." 

Without a doubt the candle flame bent noticeably in the direction away from the wall, at one point almost being extinguished. 

"I wonder if there's a cave behind this wall, maybe even connecting to the hole I discovered on the hill behind the temple earlier this year?" Philip said. Try as they might, however, they could find no way to get behind the wall into what promised to be a secret chamber. 

"I think we should try out the ritual that is explained in these murals and glyphs, Lacee," Philip said. "They not only describe an incredibly sensual experience, but they may give us some additional insight into what happened to the rulers and people of Akbalcab." 

"You don't have to convince me any further"" replied Lacee. "I get wet between my legs just looking at these erotic murals. As a matter of fact, I'd like to ride that incredible pole of yours right now. But we'd better save this place for the ritual. Let's go across the plaza to the Colelcib Temple. I had a curious dream last night and it seemed to have taken place there," she continued. "In it I was the king's wife, and it was my role to give a captured ruler from Caracol his final orgasm before he was lead off to be sacrificed at the main temple. I think we should try to recreate the scene, except of course that you won't be led off to be killed." 

Back at their hut, Lacee instructed Philip to remove his clothing and allow her to bind his hands behind his back. She then loosely placed a rope around his neck and picking up a bag that she had prepared they set out towards the Temple of the Honey Goddess. With his hands bound behind him, Philip climbed the steep pyramid stairs carefully, his mind too preoccupied with maintaining his balance to appreciate the erotic vision of Lacee's naked body mounting the steps in front of him. Once at the top, she quickly took a bandana from her bag and blindfolded Philip. Leading him to a stone pillar just inside the temple doorway, she removed the rope from his neck and used it to bind him to the pillar. 

"For right now you must remain blindfolded, Philip," Lacee said. "try to put yourself in the place of a captured royal prisoner who is going to be sacrificed at dawn tomorrow. I'm going further into the temple to make some preparations, and when I return you will receive my greatest gift before you meet your death."

Without his sight, Philip began to pay close attention to his other senses. It was now early afternoon, and he could feel the warm shaft of light entering the doorway from the westering sun. Singing their praises to the hot sun were hundreds of cicadas, most of which had recently emerged following the end of the rainy season. This late in the day there were relatively few birds singing, but his sensitized ears did pick out the plaintive song of a Nightingale Wren foraging somewhere in the nearby ruins. He began to also notice smells. Most prominent was the heady aroma of a nearby flowering tree, probably some leguminous giant that had dropped its leaves to concentrate its energy on its reproductive effort. The thought of reproduction prompted Philip to think of Lacee's dream and the ritual they were preparing to emulate. He wondered what it would actually feel like to be facing imminent death. Would such a person even be able to have an erection? Did the Maya royalty believe in their immortality? Would the captured ruler's seed be carried by the Honey Goddess to fruition? These were all puzzling ruminations, and he supposed there was no way they could really know for sure.

Philip's reverie was broken by awareness of a new smell, the sweet, heady aroma of vanilla. He heard a slight rustling noise and then arms around his head as his blindfold was removed. His eyes slowly adjusted to the influx of light, and he beheld what appeared to be an apparition between him and the doorway. He knew it had to be Lacee, but the sight of her left him dumb-founded. Her glossy black hair covered her shoulders and framed her bare breasts, the areolas now accentuated by some type of rouge. Below her breasts Lacee's flawless, bronze skin flowed sensuously downward to the top of a skirt at her hips. Prior to this he was used to seeing her in short skirts when she wore one, but this was ankle length and hugged her lower torso like a second skin. This skirt was proof that sometimes 'less is more', as the outline of her lovely body beneath the cloth was extremely erotic. He had just seen her completely naked, but now in this state she began to arouse him.

Lacee moved towards him, not saying a word, and produced a jar from which he could detect the smell of vanilla. He also noted that her hair emanated this same odor, accentuating the orchid blossoms that she had woven into it. Kneeling in front of him, Lacee dipped her fingers into the jar and very slowly began to rub the skin of his thighs, groin, and buttocks with the warm, heady liquid. It seemed to be some sort of oil, and the sensation soon produced a fire in Philip's loins. Within a minute, his penis was inflated to the bursting point, its huge head brushing against Lacee's face as she continued to anoint him. Philip's sexual arousal soon reached the state where his enormous shaft was twitching up and down in front of Lacee, and she took it in both hands to begin covering it with the sensuous oil. Slipping it back and forth in her hands, she soon had him in a frenzied state as he strained at the binding rope and groaned with eyes closed. 

Rising nimbly to her bare feet, Lacee backed away from Philip so that he could view her more fully. She began slowly to cover her breasts and upper body with the vanilla-scented oil, gradually working her hands downward towards her skirted lower regions. Slowly, her hips and buttocks began to sway back and forth, as she caressed her groin through the material. Philip watched mesmerized from his vantage point, his throbbing penis drooling unabashedly on the temple floor. As she continued to sway, Lacee slowly began to unwrap the skirt, gradually exposing her inviting buttocks and legs. Totally naked beneath, she eased the material to the floor and drew closer to Philip where she began to apply the scented oil liberally to her lower body. She turned with her back to him and spread her legs as she coated the inside of her thighs. As she arched her back, his eyes drank in the sight of the rounded globes framing her pouting nether lips and ebony bush, highlighted by the sunlight streaming through the doorway. Philip moaned in agony, wishing that he could grasp his insistent pole and massage it to relief. Turning towards him, Lacee drifted closer bringing with her the numbing, animal scent of her aroused state. She parted her labia with her hands, and began to massage the cleft to lubricate it with her oily fingers. 

Smiling at Philip, she asked, "Are you ready to reap your final reward, my lord captive?" 

Mumbling incoherently, he could only nod, thinking that he now knew the reactions of the ancient Maya captives. Nothing could withstand the assault of Lacee's charms. Grasping his manhood firmly, she drew it into her mouth, slowly working it in and out, at times dragging her teeth along its prodigious length. After a few minutes, she drew backwards to admire its monumental proportions, her eyes glazing over as she contemplated what was to come. 

At length, Lacee, if it was Lacee, said huskily, "You have a magnificent prick, my lord. Almost as beautiful as my king's staff. It's a shame that you will have to be sacrificed, wasting all the wonderful cream that those burly balls could produce. But since we can't interfere with ritual, we can at least make the most of the little time you have remaining."

Philip for his part was speechless, his mind numbed with desire. Lacee approached again, and turning to face the doorway, she bent over to expose her glistening cleft to his view. Backing up to Philip, she took his massive organ in both hands and directed its slide into her grasping channel. Driving herself backwards, she was soon impaled on his monster prick's entire length, and moaning with pleasure, she began to rock backwards and forwards. Soon she was furiously riding his rigid pole, while Philip bucked forward as far as his bonds would allow. Without his hands to grasp Lacee around the waist he could only help so much, but she managed to keep his throbbing timber buried within her. Philip could feel the uncontrollable tension building within him, and he began a bellowing roar. 

As a torrent of cream spewed forth into her from his pounding organ, Lacee shouted, "a-i-y-e-e-e", in a release that was probably heard throughout the ruins. Philip continued ejaculating for what seemed like minutes, his knees threatening to buckle as he drained of energy. 

Lacee continued pushing in and out against his stiff rod, mumbling, "Fuck me my lord, fuck..me..my..lord, fuck....me....my....lord. Don't ever stop from now through eternity." 

It's not certain if either of them heard it, but across the plaza a magnificent black jaguar drifted forth from the Akbalcab temple and began a deep, throaty roar that echoed throughout the ancient city.

Lacee finally disengaged her steaming tunnel from Philip's still-engorged penis, and turning, knelt to take it into her mouth. Wrapping both hands around it to steady herself, she began rocking backwards and forwards to inflame him once again. His huge staff, slippery with the juices of her cunt, slipped noisily in and out of her voracious mouth. After about ten minutes of this oral ecstasy, he began to moan loudly, and Lacee felt his heavy balls began to contract. Pulling away, she quickly reversed position to straddle his throbbing prick, and grasping it again she milked it rapidly until with a shout, he released his second load into the air. Lacee watched in wonder as Philip's creamy effluent arched outward, almost reaching the doorway several feet away. 

"Oh, my lord," she exclaimed, "now I can see why it feels so powerful when you come inside me. You have the most magnificent prick in the kingdom, and I can't get enough of it. If we didn't have to prepare for the ritual, I'd keep you tied up here and fuck you all night."

Chapter 17

Following closely the directions they had transcribed from the walls of the tomb, Lacee gathered leaves from the allspice tree, leaves and fruit from the copal tree, pods from the vah vinakil ['manhood food'] vine, and fruit from the semi-wild chile bushes scattered around the ruins. Using a mano and metate taken from the tomb, she carefully and fervently ground these ingredients into a coarse powder, a task that consumed several hours. If they had interpreted the paintings and glyphs correctly, the next step was to steep the fragments in cold rain water for three days, hidden from the sun in an earthen jar in the temple. This done, she returned to the tomb in the Temple of Akbalcab to assist Philip with his preparations for perhaps the most frightening part of the ritual that they had transcribed.

Lacee looked deeply into his eyes, trying to convince herself that Philip was intent on following through with the ritual, and he nodded his assurance to her. The day before, they had burned copal incense from dawn to dusk in the tomb, and now the only smells remaining were from the copal and the gas lantern flickering in the corner. Philip began briskly to strip off his clothes, handing them to her to take when she left the tomb. From the small bag around her waist, Lacee removed wads of silk cotton collected from a sacred Ceiba tree, and Philip carefully filled his ears with the fibers, blocking out those organs' sensations. Lacee felt a sinking sensation in the pit of her stomach as she watched beads of perspiration form on his forehead, but his eyes were bright and reassuring. Around them the grotesquely erotic figures danced on the walls as the lantern hissed and the light fluttered and took his place at the stone altar, where he was to remain for three days with nothing but a palm mat underneath him for comfort. 

Philip paused beside the altar and Lacee admired his glistening lean body as she handed him the jar of cool water, his only link to the real world for the next three days. She paused briefly to devour the sight of his dangling manhood, somehow magnificent even in its seven inch quiescence, and offered a silent prayer to her ancestors to protect him. The ritual instructions would not allow her even a last minute stroking, and he smiled at her and nodded towards the doorway. Lacee swallowed her fear, watched as he took a deep breath and settled onto the hard slab. She quickly picked up the lantern and departed from the tomb. Glancing back into the warm darkness, she could see or hear nothing, and she shivered at the thought of his next seventy-two hours. For a brief moment she mused on the message of the Akbalcab codex, and a warm feeling spread from her vagina to encompass her body and transform her shivers of fear to those of anticipation. Slowly ascending the treacherous steps, she emerged from the top of the temple into the twilight. To the east was the fog enshrouded spine of the Maya Mountains, appearing to beckon with promises of unknown treasures. Had her ancestors contemplated this view in the same way, or had their minds been on more immediate worries such as this year's maize crop? Shrugging her shoulders and giving a worried glance towards the interior of the temple, Lacee descended the temple steps as quickly as she could to the hut in the plaza.

Screaming Amazon parrots abruptly shook her from her dream state, and Lacee was not unhappy about it. Alone in the hut in the middle of this vast rainforest, it was sometimes difficult to separate dreams from reality, and the excitement she felt when thinking about the murals and glyphs in the tomb only served to heighten the surrealism. In her dream she had been naked at the top of a temple, splayed on her back atop a huge stone phallus. She could hear the moans of a crowd far below, but the brilliant sunlight blinded her to all but the fantastic figure before her. He had the head of a huge black jaguar, but there the feline resemblance ended. His massive chest was adorned with a breastplate of gold and quetzal feathers, but otherwise he was naked. Catlike teeth were bared in a grimace, eyes glowing green, and both his hands were wrapped around his giant red, throbbing penis. With deep-throated growls he began to advance on her as the crowd began to moan louder, and although she knew she should be terrified, something inside her began to burn. The parrots had brought her back to her hammock, but she would feel uneasy for the rest of the morning.

Lacee's thoughts quickly jumped to Philip, and she had a brief moment of terror followed by feelings of liquid anticipation. By now he had been deprived of most physical sensation, except that to be felt through the skin. If Philip followed the ritual as directed, he would spend the entire three days on his back on the altar, all sensations of sight and sound blocked from his mind. She traveled back to when they had finally cleared the entrance to the tomb and entered into a world so bizarre as to be almost beyond belief. The room itself was as large as the Maya corbelled arch would allow, which was not all that large. But this lack of size was forgotten in the glow of the vibrant murals and accompanying glyphs, which covered the other three walls. The center was occupied by a massive stone slab, which Philip said reminded him of Pacal's tomb at Palenque in Mexico. Instead of the ornately adorned human figure carved on Pacal's slab, however, this slab was carved in bas relief with a snarling jaguar, standing on his hind legs and pawing at the sky. The most striking feature was his huge, erect, humanoid penis, with thunderbolts discharging from the tip.

Lacee brought her reverie to an end, knowing that to complete the ritual there was nothing she could do for Philip for another two days. She went to her storage chest and retrieved the copy of the ritual they had transcribed from the codex. Her herbal mixture was prepared and steeping in the temple, but now she had to fulfill the requirements directed towards her. She thought that they sounded strangely exciting, and they were certainly not as frightening as those prescribed for Philip. Her first ritualistic undertaking was to go to the nearby Crique Abeja with the beautiful little waterfall with nine plunges. Philip explained that the Maya believed there were nine steps to the underworld, but she couldn't find any plausible connection with the waterfall. 

Her instructions were to bathe, insert nine cacao beans wrapped in an allspice leave into her vagina, and lie with her legs splayed open exposing her love tunnel to the waterfall. She was to do this three times during the day, for as long as she was comfortable each time. Fortunately, there was a smooth flat rock right under the waterfall, and she settled languidly back on it. At first she was annoyed with the force of the water on her tender labia, but this quickly passed as she began to concentrate on the cacao beans. It was probably her imagination, but she could feel them growing and moving about within her vagina. Her mind wandered as she remembered that Philip had explained the significance of cacao beans to the ancient Maya, and the role that they played as units of monetary exchange and symbols of wealth for the powerful. Scientists had later even dubbed them Theobroma cacao, or chocolate food of the gods, and perhaps this is how the Maya also viewed them. 

Lacee's eyes focused on a bright green hummingbird above her, and in the next instant she felt its tongue flickering against her right nipple. Her eyes were transfixed on this emerald jewel, and she felt her right nipple swelling until she thought it would burst. Just as she thought she could stand it no more, it quickly darted to her left nipple, which immediately engorged to match her right one. Not only were her nipples swollen to the bursting point, but her vagina began to contract in spasms of pleasure and her hips were bucking wildly. She began to scream and her eyes popped open. She darted a quick look at her breasts, which appeared normal, and then down below, where all she could see were several cacao beans swirling about in an eddy in the pool. Lacee felt drained and ravenous, so she decided to return to the hut for lunch. Although she was slightly shaken by her experience, she nevertheless felt warm and with an incredible glow all over. She decided that her clothes were a nuisance, and felt like her feet had wings as she ran naked back to the hut in the plaza. Above her in overpowering silence stood the Akbalcab temple, and somewhere deep inside lay Philip, entombed in his mind.
