 My story, THUNDER OF THE GODS, is a product of my imagination, although knowledge of certain aspects of the tale come from my experiences. In its entirety, it is ~ 45,000 words long, so I have chosen to release it in several parts, constituting a total of 19 chapters. This second part, Chapter 3, sets up the entire story, as does the increasing eroticism. The story's evolving sexual situations build towards a bizarre denouement at the end.



Chapter 3

As darkness approached they arrived at their motel for the night, a quaintly romantic group of cabanas situated among the palms on the beach. It was located well off the highway, and for this reason seemed to receive few travelers. Philip had been told on a previous trip that at certain times of the year it did a good business with residents of nearby Veracruz, trying to escape the bustle of the city. Tonight it appeared virtually deserted, and Philip knew that they would have the beach to themselves. After checking into their room, they showered and changed before making their way to the small restaurant which was part of the motel. Lacee had changed into a pair of loose shorts and a modest halter top, still leaving a stimulating view of her burnished abdomen. Philip was equally comfortable in shorts and a T-shirt, suspecting that soon after eating he would be discarding them.

Their meal of baked fish, Veracruz-style was liberally laced with hot peppers, and Lacee smiled at him roguishly, quipping, "I think I'm getting that pepper blush," as she seductively rotated her hips in her chair. 

Philip responded by surreptitiously inserting a finger under her loose shorts to stroke her beckoning cunt. Feeling the escaping moisture, he rubbed her engorging labia with the natural lubricant, saying, "now I know why I like hot peppers so much!" 

Philip withdrew his finger as the waiter returned to the table, but as he continued to eat he savored the fragrant musk enveloping his hand. They didn't rush dinner, stopping afterwards to enjoy some rich Mexican coffee. 

"It's so great to be able to drink real coffee again," Philip sighed. 

Grinning, Lacee replied, "mmmh, and I have a feeling we're going to need it for the night ahead."

They left the restaurant about eight o'clock and headed down the deserted beach for an after dinner walk. The moon was just rising in the east, illuminating the breakers ceaselessly pounding the beach and casting a subdued glow over their world. They passed their cabana and strolled along the water's edge hand in hand, each seemingly lost in their thoughts, but secure in the knowledge that they were in love. After about a quarter mile, Philip stopped and drew Lacee to him, stroking her silky hair and gently kissing her lips. They had explored each other's bodies enough to be familiar with the terrain, and each knew that they were destined to be together for a long time, so they didn't attempt to rush things. Totally alone on the moonlit beach, there was no reason for them to remain clothed, and they both relished the seductive touch of the night air as they shed their unnatural skins. For several minutes Philip held Lacee at arm's length, drinking in her nubile perfection in the silvery moonglow. He turned her around with anticipation, gently pulling her up against him and enveloping her in his arms. 

As their passion rose and organs responded, they gazed out upon the endless, shimmering sea. Philip cupped her pliant breasts, encircling her nipples with roughened fingers that treated them like delicate archaeological treasures. As her reciprocating bosom plied her body with ripples of pleasure, she thrust her buttocks backwards to enfold his upthrust shaft in the crevice. While he continued to massage her insistent nipples, she repeatedly clenched and stroked his throbbing organ with her grasping globes, now well-lubricated with the pre-cum syrup escaping from its inflamed eye. Philip placed his hands on Lacee's hips and lifted to position her slippery cleft on his rigid pole, moving her back and forth along the top as if she were sliding on a banister.

Lacee began moaning loudly, "Philip, Philip!", as she reached behind and grasped his muscled cheeks with both hands, thrusting her buttocks in unison with his movements. Her lips were swollen and oozing with a mixture of their juices, and steaming from the friction of his muscular beam. She finally dropped to the sand, groaning, "mount me from behind, Philip. Please put out the fire in me!" 

By now he was practically blinded with passion, his ravenous member pulsating like a lighthouse beacon searching for lost ships. As he dropped to his knees, Lacee grasped his turgid prick, hungrily pushing it into her waiting oven. Philip shuddered at the ravenous clutch of her heated cum-tunnel, and he plunged forward to fill her with the full length of his shaft. 

She purred throatily, "owrr-r-r-r, owrr-r-r-r, owr-r-r-r," as she thrust backwards and forwards. He felt his swollen balls tighten as his system sought release. His frustrated loins had waited so long to praise Lacee's body, and with a groan escaping his lips, his pumping shaft gushed forth a torrent of cream into her fiery furnace. 

She dropped forward into the soft sand in utter exhaustion, leaving his glistening organ spewing a cascade of steaming balm onto her clenching buttocks. When his long-awaited eruption finally ceased, Philip bent over to massage his balm into her glistening orbs. He rolled her over and helped her to sit up, barely able to do so himself.

They both smiled wanly, Philip gasping, "I couldn't control myself any longer Lacee. I've been waiting so long for this." 

Still breathing heavily, she responded, "I was just as eager as you, Philip. It seems like I've been awaiting this moment for ages, and yet I feel that I already know every inch of you!"

As Philip pulled Lacee to her feet, he noticed that the front of her body was covered in sand, including her velvet pelt, which was now saturated with their combined juicy salutes to one another. They were both eager to continue their libidinous endeavors, but, deciding that the abrasive sand might be a little too stimulating on their inflamed instruments, they settled on a soothing interlude in the sea. Neither was willing to venture too far into the pounding surf. 

Lacee joked, "You had better be careful. That dangling lure might look like a good meal to a passing shark." 

She wrapped her legs around Philip's waist and her arms around his neck, and they bobbed in waist deep water while it assuaged their ravished bodies. When they both began to feel drowsily relaxed they made their way to shore and retrieved their forgotten clothes. Flushed in their briny nudity, they raced back to the cabana, stopping at the doorway for a probing kiss. Once inside the cabana, they headed for the shower to wash away the sand, salt, and remaining juices from their seaside encounter. Fortunately, the shower was well-supplied with hot water, often a rarity in these parts, and they were able to linger under its relaxing spray. Philip soaped Lacee thoroughly from head to toe, paying special attention to her raven-haired triangle and returning it to its silken beauty by running a comb through it. 

He crouched in front of her on the floor, saying, "I think your oven needs a good cleaning."

Filling his mouth with water from the shower spray, Philip parted her glowing lips to flush the remaining sand and musky mixture from her love channel. When he finished rinsing and fondling Lacee, she proceeded to lather him up, devoting extra time to his awakening shaft. She soaped it vigorously, making sure to remove all the sand, especially from the thick bush adorning its base. Lacee fondled his pendant cream forges as she carefully scrubbed the rift between his buttocks, playfully tickling his puckered porthole with her fingers.

Lacee soon finished rinsing off the soap from Philip's body, and moved in front of him to address his demanding manhood, noting, "your friend here seems to have boundless energy, and I think we need to tire him out some more." 

Comfortably warmed by the tepid water spilling off their bodies, she dropped to her knees and placed both hands under his scrotum, teasingly dragging her nails over his heavy spheres and continuing along the underside of his agitated column. By the time she reached the tip, its cyclopean eye had begun to drool on her sensitive thighs, and she was compelled to engulf its swollen head with her full lips. Lacee slowly slid her mouth forward, enveloping less than half of his shaft before reaching her limit. She paid silent homage to her lower mouth, which had hungrily swallowed his entire offering. Her upper cavern, however, had the extra benefit of her tongue and teeth, which she used effectively to further inflame his questing rod. Philip rocked back on his heels, his knees began to buckle, and he knew he could not delay an eruption much longer. 

Gasping, he asked, "wait, please. Let me return the favor to you before I lose this load! I want you to come to a peak at the same time."

They quit the shower and vigorously toweled off one another before moving to the large bed. Wind dried sheets enfolded them in an aura of fresh sea air, giving them the feeling of renewed vigor. Lacee eased back onto the bed, her long black hair framing her radiant face. She spread her bronzed legs, drawing them up to fully expose her pouting lips, which still glowed from their workout at the beach. Philip stopped briefly at the end of the bed to gaze appreciatively at her lambent labia, already glistening with dewdrops of anticipation. 

"You are truly a Maya princess," he murmured. 

Moving forward, he buried his face between Lacee's thighs, breathing deeply of her musky female fragrance. He pulled back and began licking the sides of her furry vale, gradually coming closer and closer to her blushing lips. He lightly encircled her cleft with his stiffened tongue, causing her to clamp down on his head with her thighs. She pushed her hips upward, bringing her puckered brown dell into range of his tongue. He smiled at her wantonness, and obliged by ringing it with his tongue and fluttering it at the entrance, producing a moan that came from deep within Lacee's body.

Philip arose to sit back on his haunches, using both hands to lift Lacee's buttocks and bring her fully opened cleft to his mouth. Like a snake entering a hole to seek its prey, his tongue probed deeply to explore the depths of her love grotto. After at least fifteen minutes, during which time no fold or fissure was left untouched, Philip returned to earth for air. Any more of the intoxicating perfume from Lacee's pubic flower would have caused him to faint with pleasure. By this time, both of them were burning from within, and Lacee knew it was time to consummate this round. Philip's breath was coming in short gasps, and she could feel her heart pounding between her legs. 

She opened her arms and legs wide, urging him, "please come into me now Philip. I need to feel your power deep within me!" 

His engorged organ paused briefly at the doorway to her ebony cloaked nest, and then plunged inward to fill her awaiting cavern. He slowly began working his shaft in and out, leaning forward to suckle and nip Lacee's rigid nipples. 

Gradually their tempo increased until they were both nearing explosions, and Lacee gasped in shortened breaths, "pull out and let me see you come!" 

At the last moment, Philip pulled noisily out of her grasping cleft, as a torrent of creamy liquid exploded from the tip of his pumping lance. Her belly and raven pelt were covered with his steaming syrup, which she proceeded to rub into her skin with both hands, occasionally licking her fingers to remove the excess lotion dripping from his shaft.

By this time it was almost midnight, and they drifted off into well-earned slumber locked in each other's arms. Three more times during the night they awakened, and each time their bodies responded with loving tumescence and discharge. Both experienced a bewildering mixture of sexual pleasure and dreamy visions of Maya symbolism and exotic odors, at the same time both disturbing and enticing to them in their night of passion.

As the morning sunlight streamed through the open windows, Lacee and Philip slept deeply in a jumble of limbs, the bedsheets soaked in the musk of their nocturnal passion. 

They finally left the motel around eleven o'clock, satiated and happy to be back on the road again. Reaching Veracruz city a little after noon, they were pleasantly surprised at the ease with which they traversed the city. Unlike most Mexican cities, Veracruz had survived the frenzied expansion of the last twenty years with a minimum of cultural disturbance. 

Time had taken its toll, however, and Philip said to Lacee, "when I was much younger and exploring southern Mexico, I once rode the streetcars of the city almost all night drinking in the atmosphere. My friends and I dined for practically nothing on plates of stone crab claws and huge shrimp and oyster cocktails with exquisite hot sauces. I'm afraid, however, that growth and greed, those twin engines of Mexican destruction, have eliminated much of what was good, even in a traditionally conservative place like Veracruz."

Beyond Veracruz city they crossed the Rio Papaloapan, 'River of Butterflies', high above it on a modern bridge. Fortunately for Philip, he had made the trip in the past when the only mode of transport was a ferry and you could actually see the butterflies. He did not begrudge the Mexicans the right to faster transportation, but he could see little evidence that it had done anything to help the common man. Overpopulation was strangling Mexico, with crowded peasants now forced into farming the highway right of ways. The government's only response was the relocation of rapidly reproducing peoples into areas of primary forest. Here they quickly destroyed the forest, soon wearing out the soil and making it fit only for grazing the cattle of wealthy landowners, who, not surprisingly, were supporters of the government leaders.

Not far beyond the Papaloapan they began to catch glimpses of isolated mountains, and Philip appeared agitated with anticipation. 

"This is Los Tuxtlas," he informed Lacee, "home to one of the earliest Mexican civilizations, the Olmecs. I spent several summers here in my youth engaged in archeological studies of the Olmec civilization, and we visited many of the villages of the mountains and surrounding lowlands documenting the existence of ruins. The Olmecs are best known for their gigantic carved stone heads at such sites as La Venta and Tres Zapotes. They appear to have elevated jaguars, or their powers, to supernatural heights, a practice that was apparently adopted slightly later by the neighboring Maya." 

"So I guess that makes the Olmecs my cultural ancestors," said Lacee. "I wondered why I liked the look of this area." 

Philip indicated that they would be able to spend the night at a secluded motel on the shores of Lake Catemaco, one of the most beautiful lakes in Mexico. 

"It's actually a caldera from an ancient volcano," he explained, "and now the lake is rimmed with once-forested hills and mountains, fighting to hold their own against a growing human population." 

As they approached the lake at dusk, it was evident that even the saddening deforestation could not totally erase the magic of the lake. Having already eaten at a small restaurant in the town of Catemaco, Lacee and Philip proceeded directly to their room in the motel. Isolated at the end of the unit, their second floor room had a breath-taking view of the lake almost directly below them. As squawking night herons begged darkness to descend upon them, fishermen returning at dusk in their boats gave the scene an air of peacefulness. They draped their grateful bodies in lounge chairs on the balcony to drink in the pageant unfolding before them. As darkness fell, isolating their balcony in the night, Lacee moved to Philip's chair, dropping her halter and shorts as she did so. 

"This is beautiful here," she whispered, "I can see now why you love this area so much." 

She straddled him at the waist and leaned forward to brush her breasts against his lips, saying, "I want to give you something else to remember about this spot." 

Philip responded by ringing her areolas with his ardent tongue and sliding his hands along her silky body to her rotating buttocks. Grasping each globe, he massaged them gently, working his fingers inward to position them at the entrance to her waiting furnace. He caressed, fingered, and fondled Lacee for almost half an hour, as he fought to contain her squirming body on the lounge chair. At last she broke free, urging his body upwards. 

"Why don't we move indoors to that comfortable bed," she suggested. 

Philip's few clothes were soon on the floor, and Lacee had him lie backwards on the bed. She spread his legs, her head appearing between them from below like a cat approaching a mouse. With feline fluidity she grasped his upright column, using its muscular rigidity to pull herself up to its impressive head. 

"This is truly a kingly staff," she said leering at him.

With her salivating tongue, she began to navigate its prominent brow, greedily licking at the syrup drooling from its mouth. Lacee slowly moved her lips downward along the underside of his staff, eventually coming to rest on his bulging satchel. One by one, she engulfed and tongued his loaded spheres, all the while pumping up and down with both hands on his slippery shaft. Yesterday's physiological desperation was gone from them both, and Philip was able to contain his eruption while relishing the pleasure emanating from his groin. At last, her face glistening with the nectar oozing from Philip's upwelling fountain, she moved forward to position her expectant lips over his rigid staff. Easing her questing nether lips downward to him, Lacee groaned with pleasure as she grasped and plunged his lance inward, as it slowly spewed gobs of cream into her crevice. 

As her radiant body fell forwards, she moaned, "I love the feeling when we couple, Philip." 

He responded with a thrust that carried her impaled body aloft again. "I've got more for you!" 

Gasping, she groaned, "it's as if I have an empty pit below, and only your massive shaft can fill it. We were made for each other, Philip!" 

They both moved with increasing urgency, with Philip thrusting upwards with mounting force as Lacee rode his column like a bucking bronco. Just as it seemed she might be thrown from her lunging mount, his bursting spheres erupted with a fountain of cream, again propelled forcefully into the depths of her enveloping tunnel by his surging shaft . She responded with a scream that startled the nearby night herons, and as the aroused birds returned the salute, her juices coursed down Philip's rigid manhood to saturate his fleece.

Totally spent, Philip lay under Lacee, his relaxed organ slumbering in her humid haven. They remained this way for almost an hour, dozing in their satiated state while the frogs guarding the lakeshore announced their own amorous intentions. Lacee finally detached herself from Philip, her flushed cleft oozing with the whipped cream of their pubic rendezvous. She slipped past Philip to the shower, where the tepid water refreshed her skin and rejuvenated her loins. This completed, she toweled herself off and moved to the rail of the balcony, where she gazed out at the lake, now gleaming under the rising moon. Her thoughts drifted back to Northbury, now so far away, and to when she first met Philip. It was hard to believe that it was only four months ago, and she marveled at the depths their relationship had reached in such a short time. It seemed now that they had known each other forever and that their love was timeless.
