 Scene I -- The balcony, Tiamo's place

Tiamo bit her lips. The Earl of Grey was getting cold but the offer she just got was really hot. Her nipples were hard with the excitement. An hour worth work but the reward was a million gold coins. Well of course not real gold coins but the virtual ones. Much like any other online game "The Lost Treasure" dealt in virtual currency. The game itself was loosely based on various treasure hunting games. Just that this one has an advanced virtual reality simulator and one has to go through a lot of monuments, artifacts, rubles and ruins to find treasures. Tiamo was very good at it. Her online avatar was extremely popular among the players. 

Unsurprisingly her avatar was closely based on her real life figure. This was not known to her fellow players. They assumed she made the avatar based on Lara Croft. In real life she was better than Lara Croft. She has a really pretty face which was so cute that even her smile could make a guy twitch. Her figure was perfect. But none could guess that beneath this sheer sexiness there was a sharp mind that could discover hidden dungeons and forgotten treasures. In the game there were sponsors and hunters. Sponsors are the ones with money who 'hire' the hunters for a specified period of time, during which the hunter has to find as much treasures as possible and anything the sponsor asks for. The requests occasionally gets personal but none till now was able to make Tiamo lose her mind. The sponsor can also punish the hunter by various means. 

She got onto the simulator right after throwing away the cold tea. She was only wearing a t shirt with panties. She took off the panties and sat on the simulator, carefully adjusting the vibrator to her pussy; sometimes the rewards can be good but the punishments even better, she thought with a devilish smiling playing on her cute face. Hands on the controls she put the VR headset on. She was already wet Game on!

Scene I I -- The palace 

Amidst the arid desert of the ancient Mesopotamia stood the ruins of the palace. She appeared right in front of the palace. She wore the armor. It was a red and white dress which barely contained her breasts. The long pleats of her skirt showed the right amount of her long legs. The sword lied to her side. 

Her sponsor was waiting for her.

"It's a pleasure to finally meet you Tiamo. You can call me Rasta." 

He said trying not to look at her breasts which were almost popping out of her armor. "You are late!" 

"Thanks for the gold, Rasta." Tiamo said with a hint of sarcasm in her voice. She turned and started walking to the palace. She knew he would be looking at her ass, which was perfectly rounded and frankly quite beautiful. 

He observed her hair fluttering in the wind, after he got an eye full of her ass which was swaying like the pendulum. He kept wondering if she had worn panties or not. Walking ahead Tiamo was quite sure that's what he was thinking. 

Together they traversed the ruins of the palace. Tiamo understood Rasta was not just another rookie who accidentally found a map and a lot of gold. He knew his way around and she was sure he had gone through the palace before and had called her because he couldn't find anything himself. He would do anything to keep the full treasure to himself Tiamo thought. An interesting thought crept into her mind. She was careful not to give a hint to Rasta even with an unconscious smile. Rasta was aware that Tiamo was showing more than she had to. He almost saw her nipples peeking out through the armor and he couldn't take his eyes of her legs. He was getting an erection every time she bends down to pick something. He was almost sure that she was not wearing any panties. His mean macho build up was slowly crumpling down and he couldn't stop thinking about her breasts and ass and how her pussy would feel. The close encounters while looking through the engravings and inscriptions are not helping him at all. The long pleats of her skirt occasionally part to give him a glimpse of her ass.

"It's almost half an hour and according to our deal you are supposed to find me some treasure by now. Guess you need a reminder!" With that he took out a small remote from his pocket. Tiamo was shocked to see this in his hands. She knew what it was and it was really expensive. Rasta really knew what he is doing. 

The remote Rasta had is one of the holy grails of the VR simulator. He pressed it. It sent a shock through Tiamo's body. The vibrator she carefully kept in her pussy in RL started working. She could feel every bit of it and she felt it hundred times exaggerated inside the VR. He kept on pressing the button at his whims. She almost knelt on the hard ground with pain and pleasure. 

He was standing a few feet with an amusement on his face. She felt she might cum anytime now. Then he stopped. He made her stand up and walk ahead him. 

Then he did it again. "Do not stop walking." So she didn't stop. 

But she wanted to stop badly; stop and put her finger inside the wet pussy. And pull her breasts out of the armor and pinch the nipples. She wanted him to bite her nipples. One wave of shock after went through her body and she had to stop when she thought she was about to cum. Then he stopped. He was enjoying this. He kept the remote inside.

It was almost after ten minutes of the torture it hit Tiamo that they didn't think of going to the dungeons. 

"I had thought of it. I bet there are no dungeons in this place." He said curtly.

"You bet? Really? You are that sure?"

"I am positive."

"What if I find out a dungeon?"

"I'll do anything!"

Tiamo turned away without saying anything. She has already found what she knew to be the entrance to the dungeons. She just wanted to make him admit he couldn't find it.

Scene -- I I I The Dungeons

They entered the dungeon together. It was a dimly lit narrow long tunnel. They were blinded at the relative darkness from the well-lit palace above. She felt his body really close to hers. At that moment she somehow became aware of the wetness of her pussy which was dripping down. Damn those extra delicate sensors of the simulator, she thought. Distracted by these thoughts of what would she do if she meets him in RL she walked directly into a wall! 

"Dead end" she exclaimed and turned around but their weight had activated another trap and a ceiling came down right behind him. They were squeezed together. She turned back to find his face very close to hers, so close that she could feel the warmth of his breath on her lips. Her hands found their way around him. He got even closer, he was sure she could feel his throbbing pulsations. She let out a sigh. Taking it as a cue he closed his lips around hers. She parted her lips and let their tongues play with each other. He kissed her ravenously. All the desire and passion that was building up inside, he put out through that kiss. Her hands were behind him and were moving around. Suddenly she caught something and she knew what that was by instinct. She turned it and they nearly fell down to the secret passage which opened on the side. They were still huddled together. They lied like that for a few moments before Rasta resumed kissing her passionately. 

He was on top of her. With one stroke he unzipped her top and her breasts popped out. He voraciously bit her nipples and sucked on her large areolas. She pushed his head closer. His hands explored her body. She took his hands and led them to her pussy. It was already drenched. She was not wearing any panties. He started teasing her pussy with his fingers, not entering. 

She screamed in passion begging him to take her. They rolled around on the hard floor of the dungeon and she was on top. He took of his pants. She took in her hand his fully erect organ. The precum was already dripping. She gave it a jerk. She slowly pushed it inside her. It went deep and made her scream again in an agony which was tied with an immense pleasure. Their combined screams reverberated in the narrow chamber. In a matter of few minutes they both came. He came in a record time. Slowly she got up and was about to zip her top back when he asked her not to. She obliged. So she was walking around searching the dungeon with her breasts popping out and disheveled skirt showing a lot more ass than it should be. 

She was closely observing a sculpture of a pair of soldiers with their swords crossed with each other on the wall, the swords look like a joint, another key for a secret door she thought. As she was checking it again just to make sure it was not another trap, she felt him touching her ass, gently caressing it. He pinched it so hard that Tiamo let a small cry. He pushed her against the wall and whispered "You still haven't found me that treasure."

She turned to face and at that moment he chose to press the switch again. There she was pinned against the wall with her breasts out, hardened nipples and badly wanted to be touched. Coupled with the shocks the vibrator is sending through her body, he started touching her pussy. With the other hand he played with her already hard nipples. After teasing her like this for some more minutes he dropped his pants and pushed his erect dick into her wet pussy. The vibrations and he fucking from her behind was too much for Tiamo. She screamed again in the ultimate pleasure. She had an unbelievably great climax. 

She lied down on the floor. Tired yet content. The swords, she was sure was the key. He saw her looking at the soldiers engraved into the wall. 

He made her stand up, kissed her deeply and pushed her against the opposite wall. His hands explored her constantly, settled on her breasts for some time. He held her hands while still kissing and raised it above her head. Only when she heard a mild click she realized what happened. She was locked to the hand cuffs on the wall. He took a step backwards and looked at her. Her hands were latched to the handcuffs on the wall. Her face showed shock but nevertheless sexy as hell. Her hair was loosely lying over the neck. Her breasts still out of her apparel, they look even more prominent with her hands above her head. He looked at the hard nipples and sucked on her large areolas, biting them. 

His fingers found her pussy still wet. With his fingers still in her pussy he whispered to her "Since you didn't find the treasure I guess I don't owe you anything. Do I?"

"No I found it. I know where it is!"

"I don't need your help sweetie."

He left her dripping and went to the soldier with the sword and parted the crossed swords. 

The wall right next to it gave way. The treasure chamber was opened. The sheer magnitude of glow emerging from the chamber was jaw dropping. He went inside. She could hear him walking around. Only then she understood the betrayal. She was bound to remain like that till her contract time gets over or till someone cuts her loose. Rare chances for that to happen. She totally lost her sense of time and she doesn't know if he had added more time without her knowledge. She stood there, exposed and vulnerable. 

He came back into her vision. This time he had a chest of rare gems in his hand and a scroll in his other. He kept the chest down in front of her and opened it. In it were more than fifty emerald gems, costing three to four million gold coins each. He held the scroll next to her face and told "This was what I wanted. The map to the lost city of Nusma where the streets are laid with gems and plated with gold." 

She saw some movement behind him. It was like one of shadows came to life. He was too busy pondering the map to notice anything. By the time Rasta heard his footsteps on the hard floor, he was close to him and before he knew Rasta had an S shaped dagger through him. 

His face was covered and only his eyes could be seen. They looked very cold. Tiamo looked at the being very closely, it seemed that darkness was emerging out of him and she couldn't make out the edge of his body. Where his body ended and where the darkness began.

"Who are you?"

"I am the Hidden."

She had heard about them. A random set of codes grouped together in some huge programs. They are like the viruses in the game, they can appear anywhere and do anything, not bound by the rules. 

He freed and helped her to her feet. 

"Thanks for saving me. You can take the treasure, I have to go back. It's been a traumatic experience." 

"Take the treasure and maps. I have no use for either." "I am interested in a different kind of treasure." He added after a pause. 

"I am Tiamo by the way." She said as he was walking to a wall. He stopped, turned halfway and said "You can call me Krypton!" 

He disappeared among the shadows just as he appeared. 

She made a portal in the dungeon and decided to come back later. She locked the map and came out of the simulation. 

Scene IV -- Tiamo's VR simulator. 

She woke up in the simulator but was too tired to move. The darkness of the headset was soothing. She closed her eyes and fell into a mild sleep. Although the game was not physical the mental exhaustion was a bit too much at times. 

Only when she tried to move she realized she was still locked to the machine. 

She felt a cold breath on her lips, followed by a cold kiss, like death. 

"You are the treasure I was after."

"WHO ARE YOU??"

"You shouldn't have left the portal open when you came back, it's dangerous you see."

"Who are you?" She felt his cold fingers probe her pussy. 

"I am Krypton, the hidden."