 This is my first ever piece of erotic fiction! Any feedback you have would be greatly appreciated, and it may decide whether or not I continue to write. Cheers, and enjoy!

*****

The tall, lightly tanned girl walked through the door, and took in the circular room with her right eye. Several benches lined the walls, strewn with an assortment of half finished devices, tools, and esoteric looking equipment. Screens glowed pale blue, and LEDs blinked. Beakers, test tubes, and a single large transparent tank bubbled with various colorful liquids, that looked like they might explode at any moment. A mass of mechanical appendages hung high overhead. A few metres in front of her stood a mirror, revealing her exquisite nude form. She flushed and looked down again at the contraption at her feet.

She absent mindedly went to brush her long, chocolate bangs from her face, before being stopped short by the padded cuffs that bound her arms strictly behind her at her wrists and elbows. She tutted in exasperation and blew upwards ineffectually, her bangs settling back into the exact same place over her left eye. She settled for giving the device a skeptical sidelong look. 

It was extremely pink. Hot pink. It was all smooth, flowing curves. It was shaped somewhat like a huge bath tub, only with strange sculpted additions. The inner surface seemed to be composed mostly of a sort of squishy foam that she imagined would be quite comfortable. The whole thing was dotted with a neat geometric pattern of tiny holes. In the centre of the side closest to her was a raised, triangular ridge with the base at the near edge of the tub and the tip pointing away from her. The tip seemed to be hiding some complexity in recessed hatches.

The tub's floor sloped upwards, so that the far side was around 40cm higher than the near side. Flanking the triangular ridge were two deep vaguely circular indentations set into the floor, and on the far side, two slightly shallower ones, positioned closer together. The far two seemed to contain similar equipment to the head of the triangle. Ahead of and between the far ones, at the head of the tub, was a much shallower indentation, with more panels hinting at additional hidden devices.

She cocked her head quizzically, then her eyes widened as she realised the sculpted interior was vaguely person shaped! They widened further as she realised the position the occupant would be in: face down, legs straddling the ridge like some kind of horizontal saddle, knees bent and stuffed into the closer indentations, breasts cradled by the far ones. Her breasts and lower regions would be pressed right where all the interesting looking gadgetry was!

Topping it all off was an enormous lid hanging open. As she watched, a tube connecting the giant tank of volatile looking pale pink fluid to the side began to fill the tub. She watched as the breast indents were the first part to be filled.

"I don't know about this, T," She mumbled.

The girl's companion giggled as she stepped in through the doorway behind her, admiring the pert, firm butt in front of her. She was also noticeably lacking in apparel.

"Trust me, Alice," said Tiana, as she began to gather Alice's hair back for her, "you're going to love it."

Alice continued to look skeptical as Tiana efficiently gathered Alice's loose curls into tight pigtails. The pigtails were then wound tightly around two hollow tubes with flared edges, and clipped securely in place.

Alice watched in the mirror as a mischievous look came over Tiana's face.

Tiana stood behind her and slowly ran her ten fingertips up Alice's bound arms, leaving a trail of goosebumps in their wake. Alice's neck was briefly and lightly squeezed before the fingers began to travel down her front, one hand on each collarbone. Her slightly shorter captor stepped in behind her, resting a chin on her shoulder, and she felt hard nipples press against her upper arms. One of the hands began to softly caress the underside of her ample breasts, and the fingertips of the other continued down her toned stomach. Both women watched in the mirror as Alice's own nipples hardened also, and Tiana smiled devilishly as Alice blushed again.

The fingers continued toward Alice's nethers, parting so that two fingers slowly slid down either side her labia, avoiding her slit. The other hand began massaging her breasts, avoiding her nipples. Tiana turned her head and softly kissed the base of her Alice's neck, prompting her to close her eyes and tilt her head back, humming her enjoyment. Tiana's left hand began to play with the bar in Alice's left nipple, gently pulling, twisting, and pinching. She felt her right nipple being tickled by Tiana's blonde tresses. 

"Well," whispered Tiana between kisses, "You'll love it *and* hate it.."

Tiana's fingers dipped briefly into Alice's pussy, spreading her leaking arousal over her vulva, then cupped Alice's crotch tightly.

Alice's breathing grew laboured, the kisses meandering up her neck. She began to buck and grind against the warm hand between her legs, as Tiana pressed the heel of her palm firmly against Alice's now slick clitoris. The bar through her clitoral hood rubbed deliciously against her bud.

"At the very least.."

The kisses continued up the side of her neck, until she felt Tiana's burning hot breath in her ear.

"I'm going to enjoy watching", breathed Tiana. She gently nipped Alice's earlobe, before removing her hands and stepping back. 

Alice kept her eyes closed and her head reclined as she gasped, and tried to regain her composure.

"I guess I can.. *hah*.. defer to your judgement.. *hah* on what I'll enjoy.." she panted.

Tiana cocked an eyebrow, a self-satisfied smirk spreading across her face, and Alice's heart skipped a beat. As usual, she was very impressed at the speed at which her lover was capable of reducing her to a quivering, dripping mess. 

"Otto, I think she's ready," Tiana said conversationally. "Go for it".

Alice's musings and recovery were rudely and abruptly interrupted by the mechanical arms above her head springing into action. Moving with inhuman speed, one dropped to the floor, securing her ankles together in cushioned restraints. Another dropped down just behind her head and snapped onto attachment points on the the cylinders in her hair. With a metallic and final sounding click she found her head movements no longer under her control. All of this happened so quickly that she had no time for any reaction except a startled squeak.

Her head was slowly forced back until she was looking vertically upwards, the better to watch helplessly as a pair of black goggles was lowered over her eyes and fastened behind. She was plunged into complete darkness. 

The arms continued to work speedily. Unseen by Alice, Two of them dropped to just in front of her, each attached to a pair of wide strips of soft fabric, at her hips and above her breasts. An arm with a soft padded attachment lowered behind her back and gave her a firm shove between the shoulderblades. She squealed again in shock, her snared legs unable to prevent her from pitching bodily forwards. Her fall was arrested by the fabric strips and her bound hair, and she was decelerated slowly enough by the arms as to avoid undue discomfort. Simultaneously, her ankles were lifted, and her legs were bent at the knees and spread apart. 

She found herself suspended face down in mid air, blind, immobilised, helpless, and panting. Her heart thundered in her chest, fueled by a potent mixture of fear, disorientation, arousal and anticipation, as the arms hoisted her above the tub. In her mind' s eye she could see the tub's shaped contours below her, and she knew that she was perfectly positioned.

It took her a good 15 seconds before she had the breath to speak

"T, What the hell are - ummm..."

She gasped, interrupted by Tiana's warm, wet tongue firmly running over her sopping pussy.

"Ohh, T, yes.." she purred, as the perky blonde began to expertly eat her pussy, pushing her thrumming body closer and closer to release. Only Tiana was aware of an arm stealthily approaching Alice's face, bearing the final touch to complete her helplessness. As the intensity of Tiana's oral attention increased, so did the intensity of the hums, gasps, and moans, emanating from Alice. Her body was wracked with shudders as she approached climax. Her mouth opened into a wide 'O' of pleasure.. and the mechanical arm shoved a device between her lips, forming a tight seal and locking her jaw wide open.

She came explosively, and the arms dropped her into the pink-tinged, effervescent fluid with a splash. The tube attached to the device gagging Alice slowly began to retract back into the indentation at the head of the tub. Panels at her breasts and crotch slid open, and sinister devices began to rotate into place.

Tiana walked over, and bit her lip as she stared lustfully at Alice's perfect, struggling, submerged body. She dipped her middle and ring fingers into the fluid, then with her other hand, pushed the Big Red Button. The tub's interior lighting clicked on, as did a monitor nearby, displaying the feed from several cameras inside. The enormous lid slowly rotated closed.

Tiana sat in her armchair, and her fingers crept between her legs.