 This story is fan-fiction for the game-A Dance With Rogues part 2, by Valine, which is a module of D&Ds Neverwinter Nights. As such, the characters, setting and most of the story belong to Valine. I have made some changes to the story, big and small, and do so with the utmost respect to the source material and author.

Be advised—this tale is quite dark, nasty and sordid, and contains slavery, graphic non-consent scenes and strong violence. This is the final chapter. Thanks for reading, -Ax

***

The surly drow woman held Nathraes' chin as she scrutinized her face with her cold copper eyes. "Quite a pretty one, isn't she? She may even have noble breeding. Where did you say you found her?"

"Out in the tunnels," answered the dwarf gruffly.

Nathrae just stared blankly as always, while the drow mercenary examined her as though she were a piece of meat at the market. She was a rough looking woman, quite tall and solid for a drow, wearing full dark plate and mail armor. Her short white hair had been dyed with streaks of red, which looked like blood. There was also a male drow there in Rugnars' shop, with closely cropped hair and clad in similar armor. He was just standing and quietly looking on.

"Hmmph," She screwed up her face in disgust. "Looks like she makes a nice little whore for you, Dwarf. Are you sure you didn't addle her yourself?"

"Do I look like a mind-flayer to you?"

She let go of Nathraes' chin and turned to him. "Some might find it offensive that you use one of our kind this way."

"You drow can take offence to every damned thing."

She wrinkled up her nose, "Your powerful stench in particular. Don't you ever bathe?"

Rugnar chose to ignore her remark, "She'd be dead without me looking after her, that's fer sure. What's so offensive about me havin' her around fer company an' putting her to use now an' then?" 

She looked over to the male drow, "what do you think, Faraun? Would she make your little staff stand to attention?"

He looked over at Nathrae and gave a nod, "She is a pretty one, Commander." 

She smirked as she slowly walked back over to the counter and examined the items on the top. She scowled at Rugnar, "Is that the best you can do, dwarf? You really have no healing potions stashed anywhere?"

"No. Healing potions don't keep for a long time. And it's not like I have a regular supplier out here. This is good quality healing salve, though. It will serve. So, ye can have that, and the basic supplies and repairs, a few cycles' food and accomodation for yer company."

"You are trying to fuck us over, Dwarf. That's a good quality hook-horror exoskeleton. You can make some fine armor with that. Do you know how much it would fetch at the Maeralssin markets?"

"Drag it all the way over there then. Ye can take me offer, or ye can leave it." 

She scowled at him, "You loathsome grubby little man! If it weren't for your iron golem there, I'd slit your throat open and be done with it. Put in a couple of bottles of your mushroom wine." She looked over at Nathrae, "And her, for any of my males who wish to poke their cocks into her filthy holes." 

Rugnar looked over at his slave and then slowly nodded, "Deal."

*** 

Lyanna raised her arm and wiped the sweat off her brow. Her large round breasts, held in the damp grey wrap rose and fell quickly as she took in deep breaths. The male drow fighter was standing before her with his long blade raised, "Again," he called out.

She raised her longsword and slowly edged toward him. He quickly lunged forward and swung his sword down at her. The human rogue brought her sword up to parry the strike, and several more that followed in quick succession. Damn he was fast. She stepped back and continued parrying, as he advanced on her. "Don't become predictable," he said as he attacked, each move smoothly flowing into the next. "Keep your opponent guessing." 

He swung at her head again, and she swiftly coiled her blade around his and forced it away. She followed up with a horizontal slash aimed at his torso. The dark elf quickly lurched back, dodging the blow. He immediately came forward again, striking out at her. Lyanna barely managed to bring her blade back in time to parry the blow, and she struggled to defend the other attacks that swiftly followed. 

She saw an opening and swung at his head. He quickly ducked down and extended his leg, sweeping her feet out from under her. Lyanna groaned as she hit the hard ground. The next thing she knew, there was a black blade at her throat. She looked up at the drow fighter who was staring down at her intensely with his red eyes. "You were predictable, and now you are dead."

She let out a sharp breath, "I'm exhausted. We've been at it for hours."

"Every moment you're not training, your enemy is training to defeat you."

"Even my enemies need rest sometimes."

"You shouldn't assume that."

Lyanna let out a groan and rolled her eyes. The drow pulled the blade away, "We will have a short break. Get some water." 

She picked her sore tired body off the floor and went over to one of the benches in the large open training area in the house dungeons. She wiped the sweat from her face and gulped down the water from her flask. Her drow master was practicing his form nearby as she sat and watched.

He was certainly a great fighter, worthy of his title of Weapons Master for one of the more powerful houses of Maeralssin. Lyanna pondered that he may have trained for a hundred years or more. She knew that she was getting better under his tutorage. In many ways he was like Master Hatori, though much more intense.

He didn't talk much, only when it was required. She knew very little about him, not even his name. And he never asked for hers', only calling her 'slave,' which she hated. She knew that he hated the black bitch, they had that in common. Thankfully, the cruel drow noble had left her alone since the day she had her gang-raped and then attempted to have her killed by the orc slaves. 

He never made any sexual advances toward her. She was grateful for that, since she was his property, and would not be able to refuse him. It seemed he just wasn't attracted to humans, or her in particular. He did seem intent on working her to death with all this damned training, though. At least it helped to get her mind off the horrible situation she was in.

Soon he came over and stood next to the brunette, staring at her intently again. "Oh, come on. That's barely a break! My heart is still thumping," she protested.

"You may rest longer, slave. I wish to speak to you."

"...Okay," she said slowly.

"I have been pushing you hard lately for a reason. Very soon it will be time for you to fight in the pits."

"Oh. Gladiator combat, for the amusement of the drow?"

"Yes, but it's more than that. The great houses seek to display their strength to each other through their warrior slaves. Some even believe that blood spilled in the pits appeases the Goddess, Lolth. Having a great champion represent your house may gain her favor, and grant more power to its Priestesses. Our matron believes that Turgans' success in the pits has led to prosperity for our house, and made us feared by our rivals. But now Turgan is dead."

"I didn't really have a choice," said Lyanna through gritted teeth. The memory of that day made her anger rise.

"I know. What my sister did was...unnecessary. In Turgans' absence, a new champion has arisen, he is known as The Black Knight of Noquat'Tar. He remains undefeated after thirteen fights. House Noquat'Tar is our greatest rival, hungry to rise up and take our place. Our matron is concerned that they grow bolder with each win."

"So she wants me to kill this Black Knight," stated Lyanna.

"Correct. You will face him tomorrow. It will be a fight to the death. I believe you are ready."

Lyanna just slowly nodded her head. She had known that this was coming, that there was a reason he was training her, but her stomach became unsettled. The Black Knight; something told her that he would be much tougher than Turgan. "I'm sure I don't have any choice."

"No, slave, you don't. You harbor deep resentment for our house, with good reason. I don't expect you to fight for us. But you have a strong will to live. You will fight, and you will kill for your survival. Just remember all I have taught you. Now stand up, your break is over." 

Lyanna let out a groan as she grabbed her sword and slowly picked herself up.

***

Nathrae was standing in one of Rugnars' small crude rooms. She had been whored out again, at least this time it was to her own kind. The three male drow stood before her, their eyes roaming over her half-naked body. She wished that she could study them back, and talk to them, but she couldn't stray from her act. She had to continue to be the mindless slave.

The males weren't pretty-boys-they were rugged mercenary types. But then, she had always had a thing for fighters. The one from the shop, named Faraun, reminded her of Rizzen. She was feeling a little excited, perhaps she would enjoy their attentions. Certainly they would be better than the stinking butt-fucking dwarf.

One of the males, who was quite tall, with long hair, waved his hand in front of her face. She made no response. "What's her name?"

"The dwarf called her Tiff," said Taraun.

The other drow scoffed, "Tiff! ...And she's completely addled?"

"Mostly. Apparently a mind-flayer got to her. She's off in her own world. The dwarf said that she still responds to sex, though." 

He gave a lusty smile as he hooked his fingers into her purple brassier and pulled it down, revealing her pert dark breasts and small purple nipples. "And we can have some fun with her?"

"Yes, you can thank the commander for that."

"Sure, just like we can thank her for leading us into that damned hook-horror nest."

"That wasn't her fault, that way had been cleared previously. Something had driven them there. She got us all out alive, didn't she?"

He sighed, "I don't want to debate how freaking great the commander is with you right now, Sergeant. I suppose you want to have the first turn with her?"

"No, I'm starved. I think I'll get something to eat. You can have her first, Barlynin. Just remember, no harming her, and use the grease if you need to."

"Heh, great." he said, as he cupped her tits in his hands and gave them a squeeze. Nathrae flinched, he had the hard rough hands of a hardened fighter.

"It'll be nice to have a woman who's not bossing you around, and who you don't need to worry about pleasing," said the other drow. "We can just use her for our own pleasure." 

"Indeed," said Faraun, "Come on, let's leave him to it."

The two of them left the room and closed the door. Barlynin gave Nathrae another lusty smile. He raised his hand and flicked her long pointed ear. She let out a quick squeal as she felt the sharp pain, and tried to get away from him, but he held her tightly. He gave a chuckle, delighted at her response.

"Tiffy, Tiffy...I wish our commander would have her mind flayed. You know what I'd do to her?" His hand slipped down between her thighs and two fingers forced their way into her damp slit. She let out another yelp. "...Whatever I want."

He wriggled his fingers around in her warm soft cunt, then lunged forward and pressed his lips into her mouth, muffling her incoherant protests. Nathrae fought the urge to resist him. Soon he pulled away, chuckling to himself as he rubbed the erection that was straining against his pants.

He roughly turned her around and pushed her onto the bed. Then he was quick to get hold of her briefs and yank them down. Her round black ass stuck out at him and he gave it a hard slap. "Hehehe, you've been a naughty little dwarf-fucking simpleton." He began smacking her again and again with his flat palm.

Nathrae pressed her face into the soft bed and softly yelped with each stinging slap. She had been treated roughly many times, but this was the first time she had actually been spanked. The pain was not as bad as being sodomized by a fat dwarf cock, but she found it very demeaning, particularly with it being dealt out by a low-bred male drow. Her face was starting to feel hot.

The continuous thwacking sound reverberated around the small room. The soft flesh of her butt became tender as he continued to slap it hard. He stopped when his hand got sore, and he groped at her raw ass cheeks again. They were hot and aching. His hand moved down and fingers rubbed over her slippery mound. They began probing around her swollen purple lips. "Oooh, you liked that did you? You're dripping wet, you dumb whore."

Nathrae could feel her pussy pulsing and drooling. It seems her body did respond to the hard slapping, and now she badly needed his cock inside her. She moaned softly and wriggled her ass as the fingers played with her excited cunt.

"Ugh, fuck!" groaned Barlynin, as he pulled his dark rigid cock out from his pants. He squatted down behind her and rubbed the round head up into her moist cleft. Nathrae could feel the blunt tip prodding into her and her pussy throbbed with anticipation. He pushed forward and sunk his cock into her with one deep thrust.

Nathrae let out a soft moan into the bed as her body hugged the turgid member tightly. The drow mercenary let out a blissful groan as he got a tight hold of her hips and started rocking his cock back and forth. The firm organ slid through her moist channel quite easily as he got into a steady rhythm. He bumped into her tender ass-cheeks with each deep thrust. The dull pain only served to enhance the pleasure of his steady pumping cock.

Barlynin was breathing heavily and grunting with pleasure. Nathrae was also gasping and feeling the heat rise within her. Her wet pussy pulsed with carnal pleasure as it was vigorously rubbed by the stiff cock. Rugnar always fucked her in the ass, it was nice to take it in her cunt again, like an itch being pleasantly scratched.

The mercenary kept his docile slave bent over the bed while he continued to pump his cock with steady deep thrusts for a while longer. His hands then rubbed over the smooth dark skin of her back. He let out a groan as he gave one more deep thrust and then pulled back until his cock was released from the cunts' hugging grasp. Warm juices dribbled out from the puffy purple slit.

He got hold of her leg and began flipping her over. Nathrae panted as she was repositioned on her back and had her slender legs spread wide. Barlynin stood over her. She wanted to look directly at him, but didn't. He prodded his cock into her wet slit and sunk it deep, until his soft balls pressed into her skin. He bent over her as his hands rubbed up over her belly and up to her heaving breasts. The rough hands began forcefully squeezing and pulling the soft flesh. Nathrae let out more soft moans as he started ploughing his cock into her again.

The drow fighter was panting and groaning blissfully as he drove his lust into the writhing elf. Soon he lifted himself up and slipped his cock out from her warm hugging pussy. He got hold of the wet shaft and stroked it furiously. He groaned and panted as cum spurt from the pulsing member and landed over her glistening mound. Barlynin grunted as more ropes of pearly cum shot out onto her dark skin and white fur. 

"Ahhhh, yeah...nnaaggh," he moaned, as his satiating orgasm slowly faded. Nathrae was hot gasping, her sodden pussy was still throbbing. She relished the feeling of his warm cum on her skin. The male smiled down at her, "You do make a good little whore, don't you, Tiffy?"

He wiped his cock with the rag left on the nightstand and pulled up his pants. He then walked out of the room, leaving Nathrae lying on the bed with her slender legs spread apart, her groin sticky with his cum. She had surprised herself with how wet she had become, and how much she enjoyed it, even with him getting a little rough. She realized that she had come to like her submissive role in sex—when she's not being painfully buggered by a hairy dwarf, that is. 

She found herself eagerly anticipating the other males. Her hand wondered down to her pussy and started caressing the soft wet folds. Nathrae sighed blissfully as she gently rubbed around the little nub of her clitoris. She was not left alone for very long, though. Her hand quickly moved away as she heard footsteps at the door. 

The door open and she stared blankly at the rocky ceiling. She heard two people enter, there was the sound of a foot dragging along the floor, as though one of them was hurt.

"See, I told you she was a pretty little thing," said the male voice in Drowish.

"She's not bad. Looks like Barlynin had a good go at her. Couldn't the bastard clean up after himself?"

"Yeah, he's an asshole. Don't worry, I've got it." The drow mercenary walked around the bed and got hold of the rag, then he promptly wiped the cum off her glistening crotch.

"I don't know if I feel up to this, perhaps I will just watch you have your fun, brother."

"No, come on, she'll have you feeling better. Sit up on the bed." 

"...Alright," he sighed. 

Nathrae could hear him shuffling around the bed and saw the dark form moving past her, though she didn't look directly at him. A hand moved along her skin and started fondling her breasts. These hands weren't as rough as the previous males'. It seemed she would be having two at once, she didn't mind that, she just wanted to have her wet pussy fucked again.

She could feel the male climbing onto the top of the bed and hear him let out a stifled groan. "Apparently she can suck cocks," said the one groping her breasts. "How about you introduce your cock to her pretty face?" 

He got hold of her under her arms and lifted her up, then started shuffling her up on the bed. Nathrae could see that the male sitting at the top of the bed had bandages wound around his thigh and also around his right shoulder. He had a dark rippled abdomen and was only wearing light grey briefs. She didn't look directly at his face.

She was gently pushed down on the bed between so that her head was between his thighs. Her shoulder brushed up against his bandaged leg and he hissed loudly, "Ah shit, be careful!" 

"Sorry brother." A hand brushed through her white hair, "She'll have you feeling good again." Her chin was lifted up so that it was in his crotch. Nathrae could smell his strong male scent, and she liked it. His hand brushed over her face, and a thumb pressed into her lips. 

"It is a pretty mouth." She began gently sucking on the thumb while his other hand fumbled at his briefs and removed his soft member. His black cock began to swell and stiffen as he slowly stroked it in front of her face. The masculine aroma became stronger as it filled her senses. She trembled as she felt a hand rub up between her thighs and over her soft mound. Then the fingers were probing around her soft wet folds and she let out a sexy whimper.

"Ooh, she likes that. Keep doing it."

A couple of fingers pushed up into her wet pussy and had it pleasantly tingling. She let out quiet moans as they slowly stroked through her soft hugging flesh. An erect cock was rubbing over her hot face. The wounded drow shuffled forward and pressed it into her lips. Nathrae opened her mouth and sealed her lips around the swollen shaft. Her mouth watered as her tongue rubbed around the firm round head. 

She sucked on the firm cock as it bobbed into her face. The fingers continued to work into her excited cunt while the other hand rubbed over her body. She could hear the pleasurable groans of the male above her as she sucked him off. "Ahh yes, she is a good cock sucker. That feels good."

"Her pussy's soaking wet as well. I think the witless whore is loving the attention." He continued to finger her while she sucked on the cock. Then the hand pulled out and wiped her juices over her soft skin. 
