 Alice's lizard brain was not coping. She was blind, naked, limbs bound, and in the process of climaxing. And she was falling! She splashed down, her impact cushioned by the soft padding in the bottom of the tub. Her knees, still bent double, slid into their dedicated indentations. She found herself blind, naked, limbs bound, and now submerged. Her heart was thundering. She couldn't think, overwhelmed by every ancestral instinct screaming at her to get out of this situation now. Her cognizance wasn't helped by the mind-blowingness of the orgasm she'd just experienced. 

As the orgasm faded, and her mind slowly began to clear, Alice began trying to calm herself. Long, slow, deep breaths. She immediately realized there was another fundamental problem with her situation - being submerged and gagged, she couldn't actually breathe. Her body immediately went back into a primal panic, and she began flailing ineffectually. As she struggled, she felt a tugging from the tube connected to her gag, and found that she could no longer lift her head. 

Whilst the tube continued to retract, dragging her thrashing head forwards and down through the pale bubbling fluid, she felt the tub's soft padded lining begin to slowly expand around her. The tube, now fully retracted, kept her head secured to the bottom of the machine. Meanwhile, a device extending down from the lid recaptured the loops in her hair, completely immobilizing her head and tilting it slightly backwards. The expanding padding softly but firmly gripped her bent knees, and pushed her heels firmly against her ass. The triangular outcropping between her legs slowly grew, pressing against her inner thighs and forcing them further apart. 

She still couldn't breathe. 

Just as Alice's mind was starting to grow fuzzy, air poured through her gag and was pumped into her lungs. Razor sharp awareness flooded into her with it. Her eyes shot wide open as she sucked it in, gasping, shoulders heaving. It tasted slightly metallic. 

As the asphyxiation induced panic faded, a strange sensation started to seep into her awareness. All over her body she felt a pleasant tingling. It was faint - almost unnoticeable, but definitely there, and definitely nice. Was it the gas? Or maybe that pink liquid?

She felt the foam pressing against her neck, surrounding it. It pressed against her collarbone, her cuffed arms and upper back, and her pelvis, forcing her into a slight arch and pushing her breasts into their cavities. The strange material continued to inexorably envelop her, mercilessly manipulating her body, forcing her into her preordained position. It conformed tightly to her body and pressed gently but firmly against almost every inch of her skin. The soft, padded material gradually grew unyielding, until she could no longer move any part of her body more than a millimeter in any direction. Then it stopped.

Her breathing gradually slowed from desperate gasps, to labored panting, to more measured breathing. There was still no movement. Having finally regained the ability to think straight, she began to ponder her predicament. The pose she had been forced into was a deeply vulnerable one. Her head tilted back, far enough to expose her neck, but not far enough to cause discomfort. Back arched, submissively pushing her tits outwards. Thighs spread wide. It was also undeniably erotic. She wasn't uncomfortable, but her body was, accessible. She was becoming aware that there were parts of her body not in contact with the foam. There were gaps surrounding her nipples and vulva. She remembered the hatches she'd seen, and wondered what was hidden behind them. Her position, and the emptiness around her breasts and pussy made her feel deliciously helpless and exposed. She gave an involuntary squirm. Was that tingling getting stronger? She realized the pink fluid must still be in contact with her, suffused throughout the foam. 

There was no movement. She was held still, she couldn't tell for how long. The tingling continued to intensify, becoming a pins and needles prickling. It definitely still felt pleasurable, but it was also becoming slightly uncomfortable, making her desperately want to rub her skin against something. She began halfheartedly wriggling against the foam, but she was held so tightly, she couldn't get any friction, only pressure. The tingling was becoming particularly noticeable around her nipples and clit, and the open space, the lack of something to press them against was becoming frustrating. Her awareness was centered around them, and she felt them slowly stiffen.

Still nothing happened. Her arousal continued to grow. God, that prickling was intense. She remembered Tiana's words: "You'll love it and hate it". They were beginning to make a lot of sense. Her struggles gradually became rhythmic, her muscles contracting uselessly as she tried to undulate her body against the foam.

Suddenly Alice froze. Had something squeezed her calves? It had been light, barely there. Long moments passed, with no further contact. No, she must have imagined it. Probably the sensory deprivation was messing with her head. She went back to her horny squirming.

It was several minutes before it happened again. This time it was her shoulders that the foam lightly gripped. That was definitely real. Then nothing. Several more minutes passed. The next one was her neck. She gasped as the foam tightened around her throat, emphasizing her helplessness, and then loosened again.

The waits between each contact continued to decrease, the foam gripping one part of her body at a time. It was impossible to predict where would be next, or how firm it would be. The squeezes came faster and faster, gradually increasing in intensity. The massage felt very nice, but it was still not giving her the friction she craved. As her body was softly manipulated, it just served to add to her arousal and need, the unavoidable touch just making her feel more helpless and exposed.

Suddenly, the rhythm changed. Her knees were firmly gripped. The foam rippled up her doubled legs, over her calves and smooth thighs. It began to shiver gently where it gripped her, a subtle, high frequency hum. The wave traveled ever so slowly upwards, squeezing her ass and pelvis, and pushing her downwards, seeming to emphasize the empty space surrounding her pussy. It rolled up over her stomach and lower back, then her ribs. Her tits were squeezed, the purring caress causing her to wriggle. Her upper back was pressed down, forcing her now rigid nipples further out into empty space. She arched further instinctively, desperately seeking something to press them against. Finally, the wave passed over her shoulders and terminated with another firm, buzzing squeeze of her neck. The intensity of the experience left her breathless and panting. She realized the machine hadn't let up on her ass cheeks or breasts, each still being slowly massaged, and her vulva and nipples were still being pushed firmly down into their empty cavities. After a second, the process was repeated, starting at her knees and working its ways up again. The cycle continued at this slow and intense pace.

* * *

The monitor was packed with readouts and indicators, graphs and numbers. It was the sort of information dense display that only an engineer could be knowledgeable enough to comprehend, and tasteless enough to design.

Using a computer with one hand was difficult, but Tiana had had plenty of practice. She pressed a chord, and her Tub's sophisticated array of sensors generated a real-time 3D representation of Alice's contorted, immobile form, slowly rotating. As Tiana watched, Indentations appeared, rippling upwards over Alice's body. A small indicator to the right shaped like a pink cartoon heart pulsed. Its rhythm was accelerating. Tiana smiled to herself, imagining how Alice must be feeling. Another keypress overlaid an electromyogram, showing muscle activity in blue flashes. Her smile grew wider as the activity revealed Alice's rhythmic, futile squirming. Thank God for keyboard shortcuts, she thought, as her right hand busily worked pink fluid into her folds.

* * *

Was this the fourteenth or fifteenth iteration of the massage cycle? Being blind, deaf, mute and immobile seemed to make time lose all meaning. Besides, the ceaseless, remorseless, impersonal manipulation of her helpless body was making it difficult to think. The gentle shivering as the foam pressure wave slid over her seemed to highlight the tingling effects of the fluid, and the tingling seemed to make her sensitized skin even more receptive to the shivering caress. She felt flushed. She was beginning to go out of her mind.

Alice felt something touching her nipples. The foam continued its cyclic, ascending massage, holding her motionless in her enforced arch as tiny manipulators gripped her piercings. She went rigid, as her unease at having her most vulnerable parts manipulated by unseen devices fought with her desperate, frustrated arousal. Her breath came in sharp, nervous pants. Her piercings were deftly removed, only to be replaced by tiny bars connected to the ends of the tub's robotic effectors. The devices, resembling mini flossers, were two pronged, with the bars through her nipples held between them.

The devices which had trapped her nipples emanated from the centers of two concave devices, which, unbeknownst to Alice, began advancing towards her, along and around the arms. 

The foam's rolling massage reached her neck, squeezed firmly, and paused. Again, the foam unyieldingly pressed her upper back forward. Slowly, her head was tilted back even further, and the enforced arch of her back exaggerated. It gripped her tits, buzzing softly, compressing them and causing the ends to swell. The machine was not subtle about where it wanted Alice's attention focused. Her breathing was labored. As the seconds passed, Alice's entire world revolved around her nipples. They were engorged, rigid and hypersensitive. And she was completely unable to do anything about that horrible, delicious, teasing, prickling, tingle. It simultaneously made her want to crawl out of her skin, and fuck somebody until neither of them could stand up. 

As the concave devices closed the last few inches, her nipples were gently pulled by the bars transfixing them, tugging them outwards slightly to meet the approaching cups. Each was an inch or two wide, but most of the space was taken up by a padded lining, forming hemispheres with millimeter wide gaps in the centers. Her nipples were held firmly in place by the prongs transfixing them, as they made contact with the cups' tiny apertures and were drawn into the soft material. The lining stretched around them, reluctantly yielding.

A surprised squeak was wrenched from her, muffled by her gag, followed by a cracked, frantic groan of pleasure as her nipples were engulfed. The lining somehow felt simultaneously soft like velvet and smooth like satin, and its passage was lubricated by the pink liquid. The narrowness of the fit and the pressure of the padding caused it to slide with a slick, intense, silky friction, as it enveloped her elongated tips. The interiors were hot, slightly hotter than someone's mouth. It felt absolutely exquisite. Unnaturally good, even, enhanced by the fluid's effect on her body's sensitivity. Tiny rings within the padding contracted around the base of her nipples, gently pinching and squeezing with an unpredictable rhythm.

The prongs holding the bars through her nipples clicked into rings within the larger encompassing cups, and began to rotate back and forth, gently twisting her nipples, causing them to slide against the smooth lining compressing them. Her high pitched, muffled gasps became rhythmic, and she again began to attempt to grind her hips. 

The massage resumed, starting again from her doubled knees and seducing her from bottom to top. This time, as the humming foam pressure wave slowly moved over her stomach, the base of the cups formed an airtight seal around the outside of her areolae and a gentle, slightly pulsating suction began on her nipples. The suction gradually intensified as the massage moved over her ribcage, further sensitizing and engorging her already sensitive nubs. Her nipples were drawn even more tightly against the deliciously textured inner linings. The pulsations caused the linings to stroke back and forth over them, the friction sending jolts of pleasure through her body. As the foam massage approached her tits, the suction intensified even further, becoming slightly painful. The intensely pleasurable pain briefly peaked as the foam squeezed her breasts tightly. Then the wave passed on, and the suction and stretching was released, leaving Alice gasping.

It was no more than 5 seconds before it started again. This time she knew what was coming. As the massage moved upwards, the anticipation began to build. Her body desperately craved those unnaturally beautiful sensations again. The foam rolled up over her stomach, the suction and tugging intensified. This time, as her breasts were squeezed, the bars through her nipples buzzed to life. They vibrated in sympathy with the suction, the high frequency purr intensifying, peaking and fading as her nipples were sucked, tugged and released. She shrieked into her gag, again completely unprepared for how good it felt. She felt her body beginning to approach orgasm, and her eyes widened beneath the goggles as she realized that the device was going to force her to cum by playing with her tits. 

The cycle began again.

The slow pace of the wave as it moved over her was driving her crazy. She needed her nipples touched now. Somehow though, having the machine continue at its own pace, uncaring of her desperation as it played with her body, turned her on even more. Her tits were squeezed, her nipples pulled, vacuumed, and vibrated. Her pleasure built. The stimulation peaked, and receded, leaving her panting, right on the edge of orgasm.

* * *

Tiana's hands and vulva were slick with a mixture of pink and clear fluid as she compulsively, frantically rubbed her buzzing clit. Alice's frantic muffled grunts and whines, transmitted from a mic in her gag, played in surround sound. A particularly drawn out and desperate moan made Tiana's thighs quiver with lust, sympathy, and a little bit of jealousy. She'd never tested the device on herself, relying on mannequins and simulations to get the details down. It certainly seemed like she'd done a good job, as the reams of biological data, and those wonderful sounds Alice was making unequivocally demonstrated that the tub was having the desired effect. She kept one eye on Alice's rippling, blue flashing, but mostly still form. The other was on a summary metric indicating Alice's level of arousal. The readout was the result of a machine learning model that predicted distance from orgasm which Tiana had trained on the sly, using sensors stealthily embedded into Alice's vibrators. She watched as Alice approached the edge, and reached out her left hand towards the console, her right still a blur between her legs. It could have been done automatically of course, but it was much more fun to press the button herself. She would have given an evil laugh if she hadn't been panting so hard.

* * *

The cycle began again.

Once again, foam squeezed her knees and thighs. She was going to come this time. She knew it. She was shuddering with anticipation. Her ass was squeezed. She loved the way it made her feel like she had no control over her body. It reached her breasts, and the nipple stimulation began. Her body was dragged towards orgasm. She tensed in anticipation...

Everything stopped. The vibration died, the suction was released. The padding in the nipple cups shrunk, avoiding further contact. Alice thrashed and screamed into her gag at the enormity of the injustice.

The cycle began again.

* * *

The intensity of the shriek, and the blue electrical flashes revealing Alice's frantic but fruitless thrashing sent Tiana over the edge. Her left hand involuntarily squeezed her right side and left tit, alternating spasmodically. She gripped her right between her thighs and shuddered as she came, cheeks flushed, eyes tightly shut and mouth wide open. As she came down, she watched Alice's continuing, entirely justified tantrum, wiping her tingling, slick palm on the side of her neck. She gave a slightly sheepish smile. It always felt so deliciously evil to derive so much satisfaction from someone else's frustration. Oh sweetheart, she thought, we're just getting started.