 This story is fan-fiction for the game-A Dance With Rogues part 2, by Valine, which is a module of D&Ds Neverwinter Nights. As such, the characters, setting and most of the story belong to Valine. I have made some changes to the story, big and small, and do so with the utmost respect to the source material and author. 

Be advised—this tale is quite dark, nasty and sordid, and contains slavery, graphic non-consent scenes and strong violence, particularly in the second chapter. Tiff will be a three part story, which is just part of a much larger epic. I will try to release the other chapters a week apart. I enjoyed writing it, and enjoyed playing the original game, I hope you enjoy reading it. Cheers,

-Ax

*****

In the dim barren tunnels of the Underdark, miles below the Black Mountains, the four human travellers made their way north on foot. They had reached a great tunnel, several meters wide in most places and reaching out for unknown miles ahead of them.

They walked in close formation. The male ranger, clad in brown leather armor, took point in front of the group, scanning ahead into the darkness as they walked on. Behind him the two beautiful young women walked side by side, a black-haired rogue in fine red light-armor under a black cloak, and a golden-haired bard. The male rogue-fighter brought up the rear, his blackened armor and black medium-length hair helping him blend into the darkness.

He stumbled over some uneven ground and cursed as he regained his footing. The female rogue giggled, "Watch your step there, Vico."

"Blasted Underdark, do you even know where we're going Birdy?"

"We're heading north, that was the plan, remember? To make it past the Black Mountains."

"It was never your plan to come this deep, though. It feels like we've been going down further. You should be more concerned with heading up, not north."

"We'll find a way up."

"You mean you hope we'll find a way up. Admit it, you've gone and got us lost down here, Birdy."

"Shut the hell up, Vico," said the blonde. "It's not Lyannas' fault we're swept down here. Lyanna said we'll find a way, and we will. Your moaning about it is not helping anyone."

"Yeah, you would defend your girlfriend, Pia. You can tell me what a great leader she is when you become a slave, or some underdark monsters' snack."

"Be quiet." said the ranger ahead of them.

"Don't tell me to be quiet, Ranger-boy."

"I said shut up, I can see something." He stopped walking and Lyanna came up next to him.

"What is it, Anden?" she asked softly.

"A light, ahead in the distance." 

Lyanna looked ahead and could just make out the dim yellow light in the darkness. "What do you think it is?"

"I can't tell. It's not flickering or moving, so it's unlikely to be a flame. Some glowing flora perhaps. We should approach quietly and cautiously."

"Agreed. That means keep your mouth shut, Vico."

"I can sneak about quieter than you, Birdy," he sneered.

The party moved slowly ahead, approaching the light. After a while, they got close enough to see that it was a pile of glowing rocks set about a wooden sign. There was no sign of anyone about. Lyanna cautiously approached the sign, something was written in a few different languages. She recognised dwarven and elven writing, though she couldn't read it. She could read the common trade writing though, "Rugnars' Realm, travellers welcome." She looked over and saw a basic iron door set into the rocky wall nearby.

"Welcome..." said Lyanna. "That would be a change down here."

"Is it an inn or something?" asked Pia.

"It could be a trap," said Anden next to her.

"We get inns in remote places on the surface to service travellers," said Lyanna.

"The sign's made out of wood," said Vico. "That's gotta be pretty rare. I haven't seen many trees down here."

Lyanna walked over to the door and cautiously turned the handle. It creaked loudly as it opened inward, revealing a smaller dimly lit tunnel.

"Allow me to scout ahead, M'lady," said Anden. "Just in case it is a trap."

"No, we'll check it out together," She walked through the doorway, the others followed closely behind. The tunnel turned off to the left, and led to a larger area lit by burning sconces on the wall. The party walked in cautiously with their blades drawn.

As Lyanna entered the room, she immediately saw a dark figure and raised her sword, standing defensively. She let out a gasp as she looked the figure over; short and slender, dark skin, white hair, pointy ears, female. "A dark elf!" she exclaimed. It was the second one she had seen, but the first was only a rotting corpse. The others came in and raised their weapons as they made surprised sounds as they scanned the area for threats.

The dark elf was standing several meters away and didn't even appear to be looking their way. She was unarmed and scantily clad in only bright purple brassiere and briefs and simple black cloth boots. Her short white hair hung loosely around her face. She took a few casual steps and stood near the well, completely ignoring the newcomers. She was just staring at the rocky wall.

"Hey there." called out Lyanna, trying to get her attention. The elf didn't stir. The room was quite bare, with a dirt floor, simple well in the center, a few simple stone benches, and several sconces on the wall casting out their flickering warm light. There was a large door on the east wall, and three smaller doors lined up on the north wall.

The dark elf continued to ignore them. After a few moments, Lyanna slowly approached her. "Careful," warned Anden. "The drow are deceptive and extremely dangerous, and there could be more of them." She got in front of the dark-skinned woman and looked into her copper eyes that shimmered in the torchlight. Her face was around the height of Lyannas' breasts, appearing quite young and attractive. Her stature was like an adolescent human girl, but she was obviously fully mature, her slender figure held a pair of pert breasts and rounded hips. She seemed to stare right through Lyanna, as though fixed on a distant target only visible to herself.

Vico walked up beside her and waved his hand in front of her face, the drow woman didn't react. "Looks like she's out of it. Ships sailing, but there's no one at the helm."

"It appears that way," said Lyanna. Then Vico reached around her and pulled down her purple briefs, exposing her neatly trimmed patch of white pubic hair. "Vico, what are you doing?!" 

"Hehehe, nice. Just checking she's got nothing hidden away. There's no way a dark elf bitch would allow her charms to be displayed to a bunch of surfacers like this. She really is addled. But someone appears to be taking care of her."

"That would be me," came a voice behind them. They all turned to see a dwarf standing at the door. He had rough ruddy skin and a big brown bushy beard. His arms and legs were strong and thick, as was his belly. He was clad in simple stained shirt and pants under a brown leather work apron. "If ye wanna keep touching me Tiff, yer gunna have to pay me, Boy."

Vico pulled the drows' briefs back up, "Who are you calling boy, dwarf?"

The dwarf looked each of the adventurers over as he stepped forward. "Humans. We don't get your type here offen." Lyanna and Anden stepped back as he approached, still bearing their blades. The dwarf reached out and grabbed the elfs' hand. "I'm Rugnar, welcome to my realm, travellers. Now, why don't ye come into me shop." He walked back to the doorway and the drow woman followed behind, as though she was used to being led around.

Lyanna looked at her companions, and then sheathed her sword and walked to the doorway. The others followed her into the shop. The first thing Lyanna noticed was a huge figure standing still by the doorway. It stood around nine foot tall and appeared to be wearing heavy dark plate mail over its bulky frame. She studied it carefully, wondering if were alive, or just a statue.

The dwarf was standing behind a stone counter with the dark elf who was still staring off at nothing. "Oh you noticed ol' Jax, eh? He's in charge of security 'round 'ere. Say hello, Jax."

The figure raised its huge arm with the sound of scraping metal, and gave a wave. It then dropped its arm and stood there motionless again.

"That's an iron golem, isn't it?" She had never seen one, but had heard that they were extremely formidable. It wasn't alive, and it wasn't a statue, golems were large humanoid objects animated by magic, usually bound to the commands of a particular individual. She wouldn't want to take this particular one on.

"Aye, that's right. Good fer keepin' the kobolds away, and fer hacking apart anyone thinkin' of givin' me trouble." He eyed Vico warily as he said it.

The room was quite large and well lit. She noticed a hearth, anvil, large water tub, various shelves and racks and basic pieces of furniture arranged around the room. A variety of different items like tools, bottles, books, armor and various bits and pieces were scattered around the place. There were a couple of doors on the far wall, likely leading to more rooms.

Lyanna looked the shopkeeper over, "You're a dwarf...not a deurgar?"

"Yep, deurgars are scrawnier and uglier, with darker greyish skin, and a mean streak longer than the tunnel outside. You don't wanna go dealing with them, Lass."

"So how did you come to be running a shop down this deep, in the middle of nowhere?"

"Everywhere's the middle of somewhere. Let's just say I got lost down here some years back and decided to make the best of things. Now I quite like the solitude. Travellers' gold is always welcome here though. I have some food and drink and few basic rooms, a collection of supplies and equipment to trade and I can offer some basic smithing services if needed."

"And you have her," said Vico, nodding at the drow. "What's her story?"

"Tiff? I found her a couple of years ago in one of the tunnels. She was naked and dirty, stumbling around helplessly. I took her in. Ye don't survive in the Underdark all alone. Looked like Tiff had an unpleasant encounter with a mindflayer...had some nasty gashes on 'er head when I found her. Poor thing, she don't understand a lot, but I've been able to teach her a few simple things, like fetching water...easy chores. But most of the time she just wanders around aimlessly. Still, I enjoy her company. An old dwarf can get lonely at times, if ye understand me meaning." He gave Lyanna a smile. 

She frowned back at him. "You said you had rooms?"

"There's three available outside there, if two of you don't mind sharin'."

"That sounds good to me," said Pia, throwing her arms around Lyanna. "It's been too long since I shared a bed with you, my sweet." Lyanna hugged her back and gave her a soft kiss on her lips. Pia gave her a lusty smile, "I hope you're not planning on getting too much sleep."

"I was hoping to get a little." 

"We better make our play time count then." She planted another kiss on the brunettes' lips.

Rugnar watched them with an amused look on his face. Vico was also looking at the girls with a slight smile, then he turned his attention back to Tiff, who was still staring off into the distance. "So, you said something about paying to touch her?"

"That's right. Ye can bed the drow if ye've got the coin."

"You pimp her, too?" said Lyanna, with a disgusted look on her face.

"Sure, she don't mind."

"How do you know that?"

"Drow are sexual beings, ye know. It's well-known how demanding they are of their males, and how perverted and deviant they can be. You get Tiff naked and on a bed an' she'll spread her legs for ye. Put yer cock in her mouth and she'll suck it."

"Sounds dangerous to me," said Vico. "What if she thinks it's food and takes a bite?"

"I was worried about that too, at first, but give her a little foreplay and she knows the difference. She's not a bad cocksucker really... I think her mind had been stripped back to its basic instincts. When she's thirsty, she seeks out water, when she's hungry, she seeks out food. And she hasn't lost her instinct to mate. So I'm lookin' after her, providin' her with water, food, shelter and sex."

"Right, you're just looking after her," said Lyanna skeptically. "It sounds exploitive to me."

"I'm givin' her a purpose, Lass. Providing a service for me customers, and earnin' her keep. It really don't bother her. Everyone is happy."

"Yeah, who gives a shit?!" said Vico. "How much?"

"Three hundred gp for an hour."

"Fuck! Now that's exploitive. I never paid one hundred for a whore. Not even one that had all her wits about her." He looked at Lyanna with a sleazy smile, "How much did you charge when you were a whore?"

Lyanna glared back at him. She had gone undercover as a prostitute back in Betancuria to get information from a Dhorn officer. Vico liked to tease her about that when he could, because he knew that it embarrassed her. She didn't even know how he found out about it. She didn't even get anything close to one hundred. "Go to Hell!" she replied. He chuckled to himself. 

"But have ye ever had the chance to bang a dark elf?" asked Rugnar. "Will ye ever get the chance again?"

Vico exhaled sharply, "Two-hundred dwarf, and I still think that's a rip."

"Sheesh, Vico. Are you seriously going to be part of this?" said Lyanna.

"Yeah, I like the look of her cunt. And it's been a while since I got my dick wet. But you can spread your legs for me if you want, Birdy, and your cunt-licker can watch. I'll pay you for it."

"In your dreams, Jerk."

"Oh, you wanna hear what I do to you in my dreams?"

"Two-seventy, and I aint ever sold her that cheaply," said the dwarf.

"Two-forty."

"'Two-sixty, or ye go to bed with yer hand, human.'"

"Fucking dwarves!" growled Vico, reaching for his coin pouch. "I'll want a refund if she bites my cock." He counted out the coins and placed them on the counter. He then turned to Anden, who had been standing quietly at the doorway. "What about you, Ranger-boy? You can spare two-sixty, can't ya? You going to have a tumble when I'm done?"

Anden had a look of disgust on his face and shook his head, "No...I wouldn't"

"Should have guessed. You're the most boring fucking person I've met."

"And you are the most unsavory character I've ever met."

He gave the ranger a wide grin, "And which one of us isn't getting laid tonight?"

Anden just scowled at him. 

Rugnar scooped up the coins and stored them away. "There will be no harming her, or ye'll be havin' a date with Jax there." He produced an iron key and a round glass jar and placed them in front of Vico. "Grease for yer tool. Apply it generously, 'specially if yer going up her back hole. Yer hour starts now, human."

Vico grabbed the jar and key and walked around the counter. He got hold of the Tiffs' hand. She still had a vacant look on her face, not looking at anything in particular. He grinned at Lyanna and Pia, "Have yourselves a lovely evening, ladies." He lead the drow woman back out through the doorway and she obediently followed.

Lyanna had an annoyed look on her face. Rugnar spoke to her again, "So, ye'll be wantin' three rooms for the night, I take it. What else can I do for ye?"

*****

The room was small and very basic. It looked like it had been cut out from the stone. Vico had placed a torch in the bracket on the wall, which cast out a bright flickering light. A stone framed bed took up most of the space. A basic nightstand beside the bed and a metal pail in the corner completed the furnishings.

Vico shut the door behind him and placed the jar on the nightstand. Then he turned his attention to the drow woman standing before him. He got close and was looming over her. He stood at least two feet taller and she stared blankly at his black chest plate. He ran his fingers along her cheek and then raised her chin to look into her copper coloured eyes. She seemed to look at him for the first time. He wondered how much she was actually aware of. It might actually be a blissful existence, to be so mindless, and be looked after. Not to be bothered by anything.

He examined her face; quite beautiful and exotic. Her smooth skin was very dark, almost black, with a slight blue tint. She had delicate elven features; a small nose and small pointed chin, high cheekbones and large eyes. Her dark pointed ears sprung out from her white hair, which contrasted with her dark skin. "Such a pretty little thing." He bent down and gave her a lusty kiss as his hands roamed over her, rubbing and groping at her tight little body.

He soon pulled away and got hold of her brassiere and yanked it down, exposing her firm round breasts. Vico licked his lips as he stared at her protruding dark purple nipples. He got a firm hold of her tits with both hands. The flesh filled his hand nicely as he wrapped his fingers around it and squeezed. Tiff just stood there as he groped her, but her breathing was becoming heavier, and she was letting out soft groans.

Vicos' breath was quickening as well. He rubbed his fingers along her right breast, and then got her nipple between his finger and thumb, and squeezed. Tiff let out a yelp and moved her arms up in a futile attempt to push him away. Vico smiled, he finally got a reaction out of her. She wasn't a completely cold fish.

He let go of her tits and she backed away from him, toward the bed. He got hold of her again and then bent over and pulled down her briefs, so that they were around her knees. He took in the sight of her neatly trimmed tuft of white hair contrasting with her dark skin. His hard cock strained against his pants, yearning to be freed. His hand wandered down between her slender thighs and his fingers rubbed up along her smooth netherlips.

Tiff jumped and let out a quiet yelp as the fingers forcefully rubbed around her soft folds. Vico was breathing heavily now, his straining cock hurt as it tried to burst free. He let go of her and shoved her back. The dark elf yelped as she fell back onto the bed. Vico got hold of her briefs and pulled them down past her boots.

He hurriedly started getting undressed, growling in frustration as he had to unstrap and pull off his armor first, and then his underclothes. His weapons and black armor mail and plating lay on the floor as he pulled off his black cotton shirt. His pale muscular torso was exposed, with a covering of fine dark body hair. There were a few battle scars on his abdomen and thick arms. He quickly pulled down his pants and his turgid member sprang free.

The drow woman lay on the bed in only her boots and her bra, which was sitting loosely under her breasts. She stared up at the ceiling and had her slender legs spread apart. Vico stood over her with his thick veiny cock poking out aggressively from his crotch. He wore a big grin as he looked down at the thin purple lips in the middle of the dark mound under a patch of snowy white fur. "The dwarf was right, you do want it, don't you, drow whore?"

He got on the bed and crawled over her. His head came down to her chest and he took her right nipple into his mouth. He hungrily sucked and nibbled at the tit while he cupped the other in his hand and forcefully groped it. He lowered his crotch and slowly rubbed his erection on her leg. Tiff was breathing heavily and making soft moaning noises as he molested her. 

Vico raised his head again and looked at her pretty face as he brushed her white hair aside and then pressed a finger into her lips. "I hope the dwarf was right about you being a good cocksucker as well." He gently pulled her jaw down and slipped two fingers into her mouth. They pressed into her wet tongue. Nothing happened at first, then her lips sealed around the digits and he felt the pressure as she started sucking. "Good girl." 

Vico slowly rocked his fingers in her sucking mouth for a little while and then pulled them out. He quickly shuffled up on the bed until he was squatting over her with his cock in her face. She still seemed to be staring off into the distance as he rubbed his fat member over her cheek. He pressed his bulbous cockhead into her lips. "Come on, suck my cock, you little bitch." 
