 Chapter 1

The Fae Financier's Secret

This and my other "Faeophobia" stories are based on the "Faeophobia" world created by xxxecil.

Warning: This story contains futanari.

Tiffany had just left her demanding job for the day. As she walked the streets of her adopted city, she noticed the chill of autumn was just starting to be noticeable against her unblemished skin, which was the color of dull copper. A brief gust even tousled the errant hairs of her tied up honey-blonde hair. She hoped to finish up her errands and get home to her partner, where she could relax in warmth and comfort. Nevertheless, as she walked through the financial district, she saw coworkers and rivals from other firms heading home early (like she was). So she waved, smiled, or made small talk as they walked together. In the world of high finance, networking and maintaining contacts was vital.

Tiffany had been born "Tiffanaleiza" but, like most Fae, shortened it to better fit in with humans. She had crossed over to the human world about ten years ago from Arcadia when the planar conjunction first began. Unlike many Fae, she had quickly developed an interest in human financial markets and completed a bachelor's degree at a highly-regarded business school. Her aggressive demeanor, strong will, and sharp mind had catapulted her to success in the cutthroat world of Wall Street. Tiffany had to admit that part of her success was owed to her heritage as a brownie. In the Fae world, brownies were well-known for being hard-working and industrious even as other Fae wasted their time on frivolity. Even so, most Fae considered human finance as arcane and unintelligible as most humans considered magic. So Tiffany was certainly an outlier in that regard.

As Tiffany passed the polished glass exterior of a restaurant, she smiled as she noticed her reflection. At 5 feet, 7 inches tall, Tiffany's height was not exceptional. However, she was well-dressed in a matching dark grey blazer and skirt that fit her perfectly and suggested she did well financially. She could almost blend in with her human coworkers. However, her longer, pointed ears made her Fae nature fairly obvious, and she had to admit that her clothes could not hide her large bust, slim waist, and long legs. Her one concession to Fae vanity was the bit of cleavage exposed by her tight, black under-blouse. She looked good, and this pleased her.

As Tiffany turned a corner away from the financial center of the city, an arm shot out from beyond her peripheral vision and pulled her neck into the crook of its elbow as she was roughly pulled against her assailant. A male voice near her ear angrily spit out, "Don't move, you Fae bitch or you'll get a cold iron slug in your gut." As he said this, Tiffany felt the tip of a handgun press painfully into her abdomen at the bottom of her ribcage. Tiffany felt a slight burning sensation from the iron in the gun as it pressed against her. Whilst brief contact with steel caused pain and discomfort, a cold iron bullet would mostly assuredly kill her. For the Fae, cold iron was like a severe allergy, a poison, and a likely death.

Tiffany was frightened, but kept her cool. She did not attempt to resist the man's hold on her. "Fine," she said in her typically mellow voice. "What do you want? Money? I have plenty of cash and a few credit cards you can use before the bank flags them for suspicious use..."

The man cut in angrily, seemingly affronted that she thought him a simple thief. "No, you rich bitch, I don't want your fucking money. I'll show you what I want. Come with me. Don't resist or I swear to God, I will end you. The world won't miss one less elf slut- no matter how much money she has." With this, he began half-dragging her to a narrow side street that dead ended nearby. Tiffany complied, her mind working feverishly to tease out what was motivating this thug. She was roughly shoved behind a metal dumpster where it met the wall of a nearby building. Now anyone walking by the entrance to the side street would have little chance of seeing them.

Tiffany was repulsed by the smell of the dumpster and worried that her high end business clothes and matching purse had been marred. Meanwhile, the man was now standing about ten feet away with the gun pointed directly at her mid-section. "You think you're so high and mighty. Come to our world, take our money, act like tramps, and live like queens... You disgust me. How many human men have you lured into your bed? How many men have you made into race-traitors?!" Even as he made this last exclamation, his jacket opened a bit to reveal a shirt that indicated his support for an anti-Fae hate group. Ever since the Celestial Conjunction had brought the Fae to Earth, the two races had struggled to get along and forge a mutually beneficial destiny. The process was bumpy and hate groups like this man's had sprouted up in several places.

"Take off your clothes! Show me the 'gifts' you used to ruin my fellow men!" the man demanded. "If you play nice, I might not kill you."

Normally, Tiffany would have warmed to such a request. Like most Fae women, she was proud of her assets and enjoyed showing them off. But the world of finance was still a boys' club for the most part, so she dressed conservatively... for a Fae. She looked deep into the man's eyes, meeting his gaze with her large, slightly upturned brown eyes and said, "Of course. Just please don't hurt me." Her plea sounded fearful and submissive, which seemed to please her assailant.

Slowly, so that he would not mistake her intentions, Tiffany let her hair down and shook it loose. Her wavy hair was the color of sweet honey, a blonde-brown mix that lightened and darkened unpredictably as it traveled half-way down her back. Her lustrous hair now framed her beautiful, vulpine face and expressive eyes. Like many brownies, Tiffany had an incredibly youthful appearance (even for a Fae) and was often mistaken for a college undergrad when she wasn't wearing her business attire. Her button nose reinforced the "innocent cuteness" of her face. Tiffany found that her youthful look often resulted in people writing her off as non-threatening and less perceptive. She was neither of those things and had learned to use this to her advantage.

Tiffany moved her hands down away from her innocent-seeming face toward the much more suggestive curves of her body. She un-did the single button of her dark grey blazer and methodically opened it. Even with it closed, the swell of her 32DD breasts had been difficult to hide. As she removed the blazer, the fullness of her bust become more apparent, held back only by a thin, black stretch top with a plunging neckline. Her deep cleavage was now plainly visible as were her rapidly hardening nipples. Like many Fae, Tiffany had no need or desire to wear a bra, her Fae physiology keeping her large breasts sitting high on her chest despite their weight.

"Fuck," the man swore. "Those are some nice Fae funbags. Let me see them big elf titties good and bare." The man stared at her hungrily as she complied with his demands.

Tiffany coyly pulled her arms out and over the shoulders of her stretch top before finally pulling her top down to her pierced belly button, revealing the glory of her full, gravity-defying chest and comparatively slim waist. She ran her hands underneath her breasts, cupping them, with her long, French-tipped fingernails extending toward her nipples. She shyly asked, "Do you like my big tits? Many human men seem to." Tiffany continued caressing the outer edges of her disproportionately large breasts with her hands and fingernails, concentrating on the undersides and lifting them slightly as she did so. She breathily said, "They also like when I play with my nipples...like this." Tiffany finally allowed her hands to reach toward the centers of each breast, running her long fingernails over the edges of her areola, causing her nipples to get even harder and more prominent. Despite the danger, the situation was visibly turning her on. Her perfectly manicured fingernails finally reached her thick, bronze-colored nipples and began squeezing and twisting them, her eyes fluttering from the self-induced pleasure.

The man's eyes had narrowed and his pants were beginning to tent outwards against the zipper of his jeans as he watched the Fae descend into self-directed lust. He growled out, "Yeah, I like 'em just fine. But a woman's tits shouldn't defy gravity! Damned magic faery blood..." Even as his words trailed off, Tiffany started quietly moaning as she kept tweaking her nipples, alternating where she applied pressure with the tips of her fingernails to maximize her pleasure and keep her nerves stimulated and attentive. "Stupid whore gets turned on even when her life is in danger. Typical Fae slut," the man declared and shook his head in disgust. "I bet your pussy is already sopping wet the way you're carrying on. Show me! Or I'll give you a solid steel love-tap to motivate you!"

Tiffany looked momentarily confused, and replied, "You think my pussy is dripping from how turned on I am? Well, you're close...." Tiffany grinned slightly as she said this. With reluctance, she moved her hands from her expansive chest to the bottom edge of the dark grey skirt that matched her now discarded blazer. It was tight around her shapely legs and wide hips, ending halfway down to her knees. As she pulled the bottom of the skirt upwards toward her waist, something strange was revealed. Between her legs hung a swatch of silky black fabric, akin to a sock or sleeve, with the lower end secured to a piece of elastic which wrapped around Tiffany's lower left thigh like a vintage garter. Once Tiffany had fully hiked her skirt up, it became clear that the sleeve attached to her low-cut panties via two cleverly designed snap-buttons. It also looked as though something inside the sleeve was testing the elasticity of the sleeve's material, trying in vain to push upward and away from the Fae girl's thighs even as the tip grew darker as though it were wet.

The man stared at Tiffany in confusion. Her top and skirt were now roughly bunched together at her waist, while this sleeve-thing hung down several inches from her panties. "What the fuck is that? A place to keep a wand or something? Take it off!" At his demand, Tiffany quickly unsnapped the two buttons for the sleeve and stood perfectly still as a semi-rigid phallus slowly rose upward and freed itself of its sleeve, which still clung to her leg. Tiffany then slid her panties down her legs without bending over. As she did so, her balls became visible too. They matched the coppery skin tone of her legs, while her cock-flesh had a slightly redder tinge more akin to a penny.

Tiffany sighed and admitted, "Oh that feels better. Like I started to say before- my pussy isn't dripping... but my cock is." The tip of her penis was indeed visibly wet with pre-cum, which was now running down the thick, helmet of her circumcised cock to reach the still-growing shaft as it gradually pointed toward the sky.

The man was aghast and yelled, "What the hell?! Did you cast an illusion spell or something to try to trick me? Nice try, Fae slut! But you're going to get what you deserve."

Tiffany responded by looking hurt and confused. "I'm sorry, sir. This is my cock and it's real. I've had it since I was born. It works and everything. Just watch, OK?" With this, Tiffany grabbed her cock with her right hand and slowly began stroking it. After just a few strokes, it reached maximum fullness, topping out at a proud seven inches in length and a little over an inch and a half in thickness. Like most Fae, Tiffany had very little body hair. The only hair visible near her dick was a small ring of light brown hair she had let grow around the base of her cock as an affectation. Her balls, which were half again as large as any the man had seen, were also hairless and had tightened up as her cock stiffened. "See?"

The formerly irate man was now looking dazed and uncertain how to proceed. "No way... how..." he quietly spoke as he approached Tiffany. Tiffany's fear returned and she released her dick as he approached. "No, keep doing that... not gonna hurt you... yet. Just need to... be sure this is real." The man approached to within a few feet of Tiffany who now resumed jacking herself off. He bent down and peered underneath her crotch as best he could. It appeared that she was telling the truth: her balls seamlessly met her taint, with no sign of a vagina, recessed or otherwise. She was an honest-to-God dickgirl.

As the man stood back up only a feet away, Tiffany smiled at him. "I told you its real. I love my cock. It can cum too. Do you want to see?" The man stared at her cock, still looking dazed, but then slowly nodded his head. "Oh, that's great. It will be easier for me to cum if you put the gun away. Is that OK? You do want to see me cum, right?"

As the man absently stuck the gun in his jacket pocket, Tiffany grinned, knowing she had turned the tables on this ignorant, hateful human. Her innocent looks and desirable figure had certainly helped, but in the end, the unique pheromones of a futanarix had defeated the man's faltering willpower. Now she could have some fun and humiliate this human at the same time.

Even in Arcadia, futa were rare. Possessing the flawless bodies of female Fae, but with the genitals and sexual proclivities of a male, futanarixes were truly different from other Fae. In Arcadia they were treasured and seen as one of Nature's greatest mysteries and blessings since they appeared at random amongst all the various Fae races. As a few made their way to Earth, it became apparent that humans' feelings toward them were much more mixed, with many people repulsed by them and a few fanatically attracted to them. Even the name for them- "futanarix"- was mostly derived from Japanese manga that dreamt of creatures like them before the Celestial Conjunction had occurred. Because most futa had more aggressive personalities and were often pushed into sex work on Earth, many had become accomplished dominatrixes. As a result, the media had dubbed them "futanarixes" or just "futa" for short.

Tiffany was aware of the prejudice most of her fellow futa faced when they tried to live openly. And so Tiffany kept her futa nature a secret to all but a very few trusted companions. By necessity, this man had now joined that club. He watched, enthralled, as her fingers worked their way up and down her thick shaft, her cock continuing to steadily disgorge precum as she did so. Her futa cock was streamlined and well-proportioned, crisscrossed with several small veins. It was perfectly straight when aroused and topped by a coppery red helmet only slightly thicker than the paler shaft. Her long, lovely fingernails sometimes clicked together as she adjusted her grip on her cock, her hand looking comparatively small as it slid over the ridge of her cockhead.

Losing herself in pleasure, Tiffany began using her left hand to stimulate the hard, but neglected nipples atop her large breasts. Her aroused state was even clearer due to the darker shade of bronze her nipples and areola had taken on as her desire climbed ever higher. By now her cock was liberally drooling pre-cum from the urethra, and she occasionally used her fingertips to gather up the excess and slather it along the length of her cock to keep it lubricated, especially where the head met the shaft. As she did so, thin strands of the sticky stuff visibly clung to her fingers and manicured nails. She came out of her revelry long enough to notice that her now rather passive-seeming "assailant" was still hard and had begun absent-mindedly rubbing himself through his jeans as he watched her. "You know, you can jack off too. If you want. It feels sooo good to cum....," Tiffany generously offered to the enthralled man.

The man, seemingly in a trance, unzipped his jeans and pulled out his hairy and rather average cock. He slowly started jacking off as Tiffany smiled at him and continued pleasuring her big tits and rampant girl cock, her pace finally beginning to quicken. After a few minutes, Tiffany's breathing and jacking became erratic as she neared orgasm. Her mellow alto voice pitched upward as she moaned, her cock jerking as it began discharging its thick load. The first strand flew a few feet to land near her assailant, with each successive wad landing a bit closer to Tiffany. Tiffany breathily repeated the word "Fuck" like a mantra as her cock rhythmically unloaded until, after eight wads, it drooled out the remainder of her viscous semen onto the pavement. The entire orgasm had lasted about half a minute and, as usual, Tiffany had cum about three times as much as a typical human male. Only the gods knew why a futa's ejaculate was so voluminous and so fertile. As Tiffany cleared the remaining cum out of her cock, she used her long nails to tease the over-sensitized head, bringing little shudders and gasps of post-orgasmic pleasure to her beautiful, almost-naked body.

The human had watched in awe as Tiffany finished pleasing herself, an intensely wanton and self-indulgent display. Now he too was getting close, her impressive orgasm having put him over the edge. Tiffany, now a little groggy from cumming, approached the man, saying, "Ooh, now it's your turn. Let me help." She kneeled before him, still more or less naked, and turned so that she was slightly to his right. She used the long fingernails of her right hand to caress his hairy balls as well as the base of his cock. Meanwhile, her left hand surreptitiously removed her cellphone from her purse. Whilst he focused on cumming, she clicked the button to begin a video recording on her smartphone. Starting at her chest (and being sure to avoid her face), Tiffany panned the camera down her body, lingering on her deflating cock and loose scrotum. Just as the man started grunting, she ran the camera lens up his legs to settle on his face and cock from underneath as he spewed a few loads of cum.

As the man recovered from his orgasm, Tiffany pulled the gun out of the man's jacket pocket, stood up, smiled at him, and then kicked him in the balls as hard as she could. He doubled over in pain and was soon crying like a baby, the pain made even worse since he had just ejaculated. Tiffany carefully re-clothed herself, keeping the gun trained on the man. Her voice was measured and low as she said, "I hope you had fun, you racist piece of shit. I'm going to keep your gun. And in case you ever think of doing this to me or anyone else again, remember that I have this." She pointed to her smartphone, which was now showing a looping 30-second clip of her futa body followed by his ejaculation. "I don't think you want your family, friends, and neighbors to know that you got off playing with a Fae dickgirl. But I am a fair person. You don't fuck with me or my kind and I won't fuck with you and yours. Understood?" She raised her eyebrows and cocked her expectantly.

The man's only response was to groan and nod his head as he regarded Tiffany with anger, pain, and more than a hint of self-loathing. Tiffany knew from experience that her futanarix pheromones could push people into doing things they normally would not, especially once her cock was out. In her younger years this had led to some hurt feelings and aborted relationships. Nowadays, she understood their power well enough to take advantage of her pheromones only when she had to (at least, that's what she told herself). She was fairly certain this hateful man would be haunted by this experience and question his sexuality and self-worth for a good portion of his life. And as she exited the alley and turned toward the city tram, she realized that she did not give a shit.
