 It was nice to finally meet everyone, in person. We'd all known one another for years, but time and distance had made it virtually impossible to actually meet other than through the internet, and the occasional 'web-cam' chats.

"What the hell is that anyway?" Dawn asked curiously.

I'd been working on an idea, finally taking it from off the drawing board and actually putting the weird looking contraption together. She was looking at a schematic of the blueprint I had used in the original design.

"You'll see soon enough," I explained. "But not until Ran gets here," I told Dawn as well as Sybil who'd arrived shortly after Dawn had, where Cindy and I had anxiously, and happily greeted them both upon their arrival. I'd had to laugh, as those were nearly the exact same words Sybil had spoken upon her arrival. 

Sybil and Cindy had hit it off almost immediately, already sitting down in the kitchen area sharing a cup of coffee as Dawn and I quickly joined them.

"It sort of looks like a vacuum cleaner," Sybil commented.

"More like a mechanical octopus," Cindy replied.

"Have you seen it work?" Dawn turned accepting a fresh cup of coffee from Cindy, sitting down at the table joining everyone.

"Believe it or not, no. Rick hasn't even let me see it, keeping it under wraps until everyone got here," she said.

"So when do we get to find out what it does?" Sybil pressed.

I laughed. "I told you, not until Ran gets here, which should be any time now. Her plane landed about twenty minutes ago, and the limousine I sent for her should be here shortly."

"Speak of the devil," Cindy laughed wickedly upon hearing the doorbell. "That MUST be her!"

Excitedly, everyone stood up from the table, heading towards the door. Ran had barely managed to step inside when she was half-mauled by everyone, including me. It was after all our first time ever meeting in person, so once again, hugs, kisses and the warmest affections were met with equal excitement and anticipation all around.

"Ok, now that she's here..." Sybil began once the chatter of welcome had finally died down, "when do we get naked?"

Everyone laughed. "Good old Sybil," I stated..."as always, straight and to the point!"

"Hey! "Who's calling who old here?" she shot back at me. "I might be retired, but I sure as hell ain't old! And I'll have you know...I can stay up with the best of them!" she added, cupping her large breasts as though to emphasize that very point.

"You'll get no argument from me," I said apologetically, blushing. But Syb knew I'd not meant it that way, and let me off the hook.

"And speaking of getting naked, that does include you as well yes?" she asked wickedly.

"Well of course!" Cindy answered before I could, already reaching down to unzip my fly, worming her hand inside my pants where she found me already hardening, eager to show the gals my new invention. "Shall we?" Cindy stated, leading me like a pull-toy down the hallway towards the specially designed 'fun-room' as I now called it.

"By the way Dawn...how's Lee doing anyway?" I asked. I knew he was involved in a big case, representing a woman who had seven husbands claiming that it was her right under her religious beliefs to have one for each day of the week.

"Oh you know Lee, he gets buried in his work...especially in a case like this one. I'm just glad there aren't eight days to a week," Dawn added. "Lee said she had already offered to make him a Sunday. But I told him, the only Sunday's he'd better become, are the one's where I bathe him in whipped cream and chocolate syrup!"

"Don't forget the banana's," I added.

Dawn grinned, "And the Maraschino Cherries!" she paused, then added, "But he said if he could get away, he'd fly in either tomorrow or the day after," Dawn said happily. "But until he does..." she said licking her lips suggestively.

"Would you like a taste?" Cindy offered, drawing out my now very erect cock, offering it to her like a hors d'oeuvre before the main course was served.

"Don't mind if I do!" Dawn beamed lustfully, dropping to her knees in front of me just short of the door to the 'fun-room'.

"I think..." Ran began as she stood near-by watching, along with everyone else, "that, that's...how he should have greeted all of us at the door!"

"Well actually," Cindy mused blushing profusely..."he did. Well, me anyway!"

"Ah huh...just as I thought," Syb stated. "No wonder you looked like you'd just been royally fucked when I arrived."

Cindy blushed even a deeper crimson, nodding her head happily. "Arriving three days earlier than each of you does have its advantages," she quipped.

"Ok Dawn," Syb said kneeling down beside her, "Don't be greedy..." she laughed joining her as the two girls proceeded to give my aching cock a very nice welcoming suck.

"Oh yeah...far better than Lee's 'welcoming blow-jobs'" I somehow managed to say, weak-kneed, legs quivering. "Nothing like getting it in person," I added even more strenuously as Dawn and Sybil's talented tongues continued to do the happy-dance up and down my shaft.

"If someone doesn't either go down on me, or finger my pussy soon, I'm going to explode!" Ran said already unbuttoning her blouse as emphasis that she was extremely aroused.

"Speaking of exploding," I finally managed, reluctantly forcing the two gobbling women away from me, "maybe it's time we went inside!" I held the door, turning as each one passed me by entering my specially equipped 'fun-room'. Cindy was the last to pass, her blue denim shirt already unbuttoned as well, giving me a tantalizing peek at 'the girls' as she lovingly referred to them.

"Oh no you don't," I said grabbing her as she attempted to slip by me, slipping my hand inside her shirt, feeling the already hard nubbin of flesh pressing against the palm of my hand. "You don't flash the girls at me like that, and then attempt to sneak by with out my telling them hello," I reminded her, pressing her against the wall now, the firmness of my still exposed erection pressing against her thigh.

"Keep that up...and you'd better fuck me right here...right now," Cindy warned.

I laughed. "In front of everyone?" I teased now rolling her even harder nipple between my fingers. She faltered, caught her breath as I pinched. 

"Keep that up you bastard, and yes...right here...right now!"

"Ok you two, either get it on, or get it in here," Ran reminded us a little impatiently. "We're waiting to see what it is you've created. And by the way...what the hell is that anyway?"

That caused everyone to laugh as I finally released Cindy's breast, following her into the room. Four 'examination-like' tables circled the contraption I'd designed, though I had modified the stirrups for a little more flexibility and comfort.

"Well now, those certainly look familiar!" Dawn stated claiming one of the four tables, jumping up on to it. "Just like being at the office, though I'd have to say, this looks a hell of a lot more interesting!"

"Interesting isn't quite the word I'd be using," Ran added, slipping onto one of the others.

"Now do we get naked?" Sybil questioned, though she'd already begun undressing without my telling her to do so.

"I think so...Cindy added, now joining her. "And like all of you, I'm rather curious as to what this little invention of Rick's does too. By the way honey, what exactly do you call this thing anyway?"

I grinned, stepping over towards what looked like a cross between the old robot as first seen in the series 'Lost in Space' and a heavy-duty version of some kind of built-in vacuum cleaner, though this one had eight pairs of arms unlike the robot, and did look a little like a mechanical octopus as it sat there silently waiting instructions.

"I call it...'Fuck-O-Matic!'" 

"Fuck-O-What?" Dawn asked now sexily naked, squirming excitedly as she allowed the soft downy-filled padding beneath her to mold to her body. "And I rather like this mattress pad, or whatever the hell you want to call it too!" she added. "Sort of like one of those heating bags you throw in the microwave to warm your feet up with at night."

"You might could say that," I agreed. "In fact...in a few seconds here, you will feel them warm up just a little bit. They have miniature heating pads between them and the tables for your comfort. Don't want anyone getting too cold. I want to make sure those hard nipples everyone is sporting is due to excitement, and not to climatic conditions!"

"So is this like something we'll see eventually appear on one of those 'info-commercials?" Ran giggled "Couldn't you just see that?" she continued laughing. 

"Not unless it was really late at night, and on one of the naughty cable channels," I told her. "Cause ladies? You're about to experience the penultimate in orgasmic delights!"

"I'm waiting for the drum-roll," Sybil stated expectantly sliding her feet into the stirrups. 

"Yeah, we're ready Mr. Music," Cindy added. "Now what do you want us to do?"

I stood there grinning, unable to speak at the moment as I took in the four delectable totally nude women who had answered my excited summons, each uniquely different in their own way. Large breasts to smaller sized ones, tall or short, a virtual feast of differing shapes and sizes to enjoy looking at.

"Well? You gonna just stand there with your cock sticking out? Or you going to show us how this fucking thing works?" Ran pressed. "What'd you call it? Fuck-O-me?" she grinned anxiously.

"Something like that," I said almost evilly, using my best Dr. Frankenstein tone of voice. "And now then...please be so kind as to lock one of your arms inside the arm-rests beside you," I said still grinning like the mad-doctor as one by one, I then encircled the room ensuring each and everyone of the women was completely and totally under my control.

"Just remember, paybacks a bitch!" Cindy reminded me warningly as I checked to ensure that she was as secure as possible, unable to do anything to free herself as I then began fastening each one of their feet inside the softly padded stirrups. I turned in a slow pivoting circle, enjoying the four differing 'winks' of pussy flesh that met my wandering gaze.

"Ok you fucking bastard!" Ran said breaking my revelry. "I already told you, if someone doesn't start doing something to my cunt...and soon, I really AM going to explode!"

I laughed...still in character as the mad-doctor I really was feeling like, "Soon enough my pretties, but first, a little mild teasing is in order to ensure you are all properly prepared to meet the 'Zin-Miester'."

"Zin-Miester?" Dawn asked anxiously, though obviously aroused as a glistening drop of cunt-honey dew cum dribbled down the soft pouty folds of her slit.

"Yeah, that's what I actually named it. Because you're all about to be fucked royally!"

Several groans accompanied my last comment, and not the bad kind either. Only when I produced several sets of blindfolds did the worried kind of groans and moans come out.

"Why those?" Dawn asked, though more out of curiosity than any concern.

"Don't worry, you won't be wearing them all the time. Just in the beginning, something to really fire up your sensory intake. I am going to get all of you at the peak of excitement, then...when I am sure you're all there, I'll remove the blind-folds so you can see everyone else, see what's happening to them, and allow each one of them, enjoy what's happening to you!"

"Fuck!" Cindy moaned pleasurably. I smiled, I'd heard that particular tone of 'fuck' before come out of her, and knew she was already smoldering. 

"What the hell are those?" Sybil joined in, in asking as I suddenly began to pull from my own version of 'Robbie the robot', several extensions with suction cups attached to each one of them. "That in case one of us has a cardiac arrest or something? You actually going to be monitoring us?"

One again I laughed. "No, not exactly. Although I do happen to have one of those portable units on hand in case someone actually does go into cardiac arrest. But no, you'll see what the purpose of these is for soon enough as well."

I proceeded to attach one of the wired little devices to the left nipple of each woman, along with another that I then lubed, and applied to the upper right temporal lobe.

"Ah Cindy?" Ran asked. "You sure Rick really isn't some kind of insane lunatic with a sadomasochistic streak in him we don't know about?"

"Sorry," she said sheepishly. "I'm sort of learning more and more about him as we go along too," she offered. 

"In for a penny..." Sybil laughed.

"Fuck!" Cindy said once again.

"And now...the blindfolds," I reminded them as I leaned over to put one of them over Dawn's eyes."

"Don't we at least get to see you naked first?" she asked.

"Oh you will...in a uniquely special way, something you could never begin to imagine or dream about. But yes...sure, and then we'll really let the fun and games begin."

I quickly undressed, and then stood there massaging my rock-hard cock while the girls lay immobilized, unable to do anything but lay there watching me.

"Listen you prick, I already told you twice, if you don't do something soon here, I am really going to explode. And watching you standing there pulling on your pud isn't helping any!"

"Very well Ran, I guess it really is time we got things started here," I told her.

One by one, I made sure each of their blindfolds was securely on, and then walked over to the small little control panel sitting next to "Zinny" my own devilish device. A soft murmuring hum filled the room as he came to life, awaiting my commands expectantly, as though having a mind of its own as it purred almost like a cat with eager anticipation.

"You'll begin to feel your feet being raised up a little," I stated. "That's the hydraulics in the stirrups, just relax and go with it. I promise you this will be...um, shall we say titillating?"

"Fuck!" Cindy said once again.

Satisfied with my new 'eye-candied' view, I did a quick pirouette surveying the delectable asses now raised, though still comfortably so, pussies all presented and expectant for only "I" knew what.

Next, I adjusted the pressure in 'Zinny', drawing the first of several pre-selected items from my 'ecstasy' drawer. Zinny's arms were so flexible, that as the pressure and suction increased, they could collapse far enough down to hold on to the end of a toothpick, and virtually impossible to dislodge without extreme effort. 

I inserted the first of several items into each one of four functioning arms. Next, I picked up the simple to use 'joy-stick' which would allow me to perform the same exact function on each of my four captives simultaneously.

With asses raised so beautifully, I guided Zinny's arms simultaneously towards their intended targets. Carefully, and with absolute precision, I began to caress each of their beatific asses with the tips of several soft feathers.

"Is this why they call you fucking Many Feathers?" Ran asked once she realized what it was that was tickling the opening of her ass, as well as the outer folds of her pussy.

"Actually, it's 'Seeking Many Feathers'", I quipped back. "I don't think they'd much like it if I went by 'Fucking Many Feathers'. "Smart Ass!" Ran groaned pleasurably as I slowly increased the teasing titillation of the probing feathers against each one of them. One by one, soft mewling moans of pleasure began reaching my ears.

"Oh Fuck!" Cindy now added, causing a brief laugh all around until I pushed a small tiny button on my control panel, sending off a quick brief surge of electricity into the suctioned cup attached to each one of their nipples.

"Holy fucking shit!" Sybil cried out squirming uncontrollably against the bonds that held her. Within moments, each of them was doing pretty much the same thing, gyrating, rolling back and forth sensually in near perfect unison.

"Like that?" I asked teasingly.

Once again, Cindy answered for each of them.

"Fuck!"

I put the joystick on auto-pilot, allowing a pre-set program to continue on by itself, knowing full-well the girls would reap the benefit of my floating feathers as they paved criss-crossing paths across their respective bodies, ensuring that a touch here, and a tickle there, was having the desired affect. Meanwhile, I busily prepared the extra four arms with another naughty surprise.

"You really are a prick! You know that?" Ran said squirming around even more so than many of the others. "You're fucking driving me nuts here!"

Laughing, I pushed the little button sending a slightly longer, slightly more intense stream of electrical pulses through to her nipple, along with everyone else's.

"Oh you bastard!" Cindy wailed unexpectedly. But she was giggling too. 

"Now here's where it gets really interesting," I informed them all. 

"Like this isn't?" Dawn managed to state breathlessly. 

I had attached one of the electrodes to my own forehead as well now. Closing my eyes, I visualized myself, and what I was about to do. Flipping a tiny switch, I immediately heard audible, surprised gasps erupt from each and every one of them.

"How the fuck did you do that?" Sybil asked obviously amazed, surprised...if not as bewildered as everyone else suddenly seemed to be. "I can see you! I mean I know I'm blindfolded, but I can fucking see you! And I'm not attached to anything...I mean, I am, but what I'm seeing, shit, I don't know what I mean.

I laughed, and each of them saw and heard me laugh. But as I stood there, eyes closed, envisioning what I wanted each of them to see, I projected my thoughts into their own, allowing them to basically read my mind, see what I was seeing, or rather thinking.

I stepped up between each one of their openly displayed legs, taking my cock in hand, using it to now begin rubbing, patting it against their exposed swollen hard-throbbing clits.

"Holy fucking shit!" Ran exclaimed just seconds before Cindy could utter nearly the same sentiment.

I didn't want to give it too much time though, it was taxing, trying to hold the thought and keep it as real as possible. Any waver, and the image would dissipate as easily as falling snow on a hot sidewalk.

In my minds eye, I thrust, shoving my hard erect cock fully, deeply inside each and every one of their lusciously displayed cunts simultaneously. And...simultaneously, I was rewarded with four distinct grunts as the 'virtual' impact of our minds coupling played through each and every one of them together.

"Oh yeah baby yeah!" Cindy was crying out now. "Fuck me baby, fuck me!"

I walked towards Cindy, reaching down to add a bit of reality to the image I was barely managing to hold on to now, as my own excitement threatened to pop the bubble. I gave her still exposed nipple a tender rolling twist of fingers and thumb, then leaned down to suck it deeply inside my mouth, using that moment to project the very same around to each and every one of them. All thus felt their nipples surrounded by my lips, felt the flickering flutter of tongue upon their super-sensitized nubbins, while I simultaneously once again thrust my now aching cock back into the wet glistening grooves of every woman there.

Knowing I was beginning to lose my own concentration, I knew it was time to surprise them even further. The cock, which now thrust into each of their pussies, was in fact of course an exact molded replica of my own cock, though with one added advantage that I didn't possess. Zinny was happily fucking each of them with his second pair of arms, flipping another switch, the very real prick that each of them saw within their mind suddenly began vibrating now as well. But what they saw, and felt was me...fucking them with a vibrating penis that not only looked and felt real, but was doing things that no real penis anywhere on earth was capable of doing.
