 This story is fan-fiction for the game-A Dance With Rogues part 2, by Valine, which is a module of D&Ds Neverwinter Nights. As such, the characters, setting and most of the story belong to Valine. I have made some changes to the story, big and small, and do so with the utmost respect to the source material and author.

Be advised—this tale is quite dark, nasty and sordid, and contains slavery, graphic non-consent scenes and strong violence. This is chapter two of three. -Ax

***

The topmost layer of Maeralssin was the trading hub for the underground drow city. It was densely packed, and always bustling with activity. The city was located in a great cavern, many miles across with a high ceiling covered in large stalactites, pointing down into the urban sprawl. A high bladed wall encircled the area, and numerous tall spired building rose up from the ground, like a great pit of jagged spikes.

The powerful houses of the city had based their secure compounds in the labyrinthine network of tunnels and caverns below. The area was mostly off limits for non-drow, with the exception of slaves and those who have been specifically invited. But in the top layer, other races were allowed to trade and work, as long as they understood they were subject to drow law, which could be very harsh and discriminatory.

The seedier area of the markets was home to several of the lower slave house, gambling and prostitution dens and other places of ill repute. There were many dark alleyways leading off the run-down streets, in which shady dealings took place. This was where the fallen drow noble, Nathrae had come to attend her own shady deal.

She wore a dark grey cloak over her skimpy purple slave outfit, and only had a small concealed dagger for protection. Her matron had ordered her back to her post in the Great Northern Tunnel as soon as possible. She was defying her by coming here first, which was a very dangerous thing. Nathrae looked around nervously as she entered the gloomy alleyway, she hoped she had done enough to evade any eyes that could report back to her matron.

She had hopes that she would be accepted back into her house when she had returned to the city with the human slave she had captured. Those hopes were quickly dashed by her contemptuous matron. But she did make plans in case she had to go back to the dwarf, and that was what brought her to this sleazy part of the upper city.

There were two figures waiting for her in the alley, one was slender, the other was short and broad. As she approached them, she could better make out the older male drow with short white hair flecked with gold, and sharp red eyes. He wore simple street clothes that would not be out of place in this area, and had a small satchel slung around his shoulder. Standing next to him was a male duergar, with grey skin, a bald head, short white beard and loose-fitting dark robes.

Nathrae stopped a couple of paces from them, standing tensely.

"You're the one who contacted me?" asked the male drow, in a hushed tone that didn't carry far.

"Yes. What's he doing here?" Nathrae asked, nodding down at the duergar. She didn't like him, he reminded her of Rugnar.

"Don't mind him, he is simply here to verify your payment."

"Does he speak our tongue?"

The grey dwarf gave her a cold stare with his dull black eyes. The male drow spoke, "What does it matter? Do you have the stone?"

Nathrae saw movement in her peripheral vision and looked up. She could clearly make out the outline of three figures spread out above them on the rooftops. Behind her, she could see another person standing at the end of the alley. Her heat began to thump in her chest. She may have made a big mistake dealing with this scum. 

She looked at the male, scowling. "Just precautions," he said. "I'm willing to trade fairly if you are. But if you are not, it will be the last thing you do."

Nathrae did her best to appear calm and confident, "And do you think I would come here without precautions also? I do not display them so openly, if you see my assassins, it will be too late for you."

He gave a half smile, "If they do indeed exist."

"Do you really want to find out?" said Nathrae. She glanced down at the duergar. She knew some of his race had psionic talents. Though she trained to defend her mind against psions since she was young, she hoped that he couldn't see through her bluff. The grey dwarf just continued to stand there staring.

"No, I want to make this trade and get out of this stinking alley."

"You and me both." She reached into her cloak and pulled out a small pouch. The male drow held his hand out expectantly. 

She held it tightly, "Let me see the item." He slowly nodded, and reached into the satchel. Nathrae tensed again, this could be the point where he produced a weapon to kill her. Instead, he pulled out a roll of parchment, bound with a thin red leather strap. Nathrae was not particularly talented with magic, but she could feel the magical power contained within the scroll.

She handed the pouch over, and the rogue grabbed it from her hand. He fiddled to getting it open with one hand and peered inside. A slight smile crossed his lips and he handed it to the duergar. Nathrae waited anxiously while the dwarf carefully appraised the rare gemstone that she had stolen from Rugnars' hidden treasure cache.

He finally grunted and said something to the male drow that she didn't understand, but it sounded positive. "Your payment seems legitimate," he said.

"I know that. Now give me the scroll."

He handed the magical scroll over and Nathrae quickly tucked it away into her cloak. "It had better do as I specified, or you may see my assassins yet."

"It's what you wanted, and was not easy to aquire. I can't be held accountable as to whether the magics will have the desired effect for you, noble. I believe our business is concluded. Go back out the way you came. Give us no trouble, and you can expect none in return."

Nathrae didn't like that he had called her noble. She didn't know what had given it away, perhaps he was just assuming. He may try to make some extra coin selling information about the activities of a noble of one of the cities houses. But she was careful not to let him know who she was. She pulled her cloak tighter as she slowly stepped back. She gave one last nod to the drow rogue and reluctantly turned her back to them as she began to stride out of the alley. 

She didn't allow herself believe that she was out of danger yet. The scroll she had tucked under her cloak was a precaution, yet she had taken such a big risk to acquire it.

***

A small square cell, barely four paces across. Steel bars criss-crossed along the front. Three hard smooth walls, a low ceiling and solid steel grating on the floor completed the room. There was a basic straw mat by the wall, a stinky metal pail in the corner for defecating, and another pail at the front with strange-tasting fresh water. 

That was Lyannas' small lonely world.

It was dark, but not completely pitch black, thank the gods. Her eyes had adjusted to the very dim ambient light as much as they could. She had been stripped naked, not even given the barest scrap of rags to cover herself. Just like with the darkness, she had adjusted to the feeling of the cool damp air on her exposed skin.

Now and then, drow guards, usually male, would walk by her cell and peer in at her like she was some exotic curiosity. She would be brought a few of meals, trays of simple meat, grains and mushrooms that was barely enough to stave off her hunger. It was difficult to measure the time down there, but she estimated that it was around twelve hours between meals. That would mean she would have been down there for only a little over twenty four hours. It felt like much longer.

As she sat there on the mat with her back to the cool hard rear wall, her thoughts drifted elsewhere. She thought about her sweet lover, Pia. That first night they met, in the private room of the Lionshead Inn. She drank the sweet wine and watched the pretty blonde bard in her brightly coloured outfit as she sat with such feminine grace and looked her over with her sultry brown eyes. 

And the beautiful melodious music filled the air as she elegantly plucked at the strings of her lute. She couldn't recall the words of the song, but remembered her bewitching silky voice which had her feeling warm and light-headed. That may have also been the wine, which she was quite unaccustomed to, but there was no doubt that the two of them shared a deep connection. And later, when the beautiful bard swept her off into her warm bed, it was not only Lyannas' first time with a woman, but the first sexual experience she had truly enjoyed.

It was one of the best nights of her life. 

Lyanna sighed as she shook the images from her head. Pia had followed her there, far from home. She put her faith in Lyanna to keep her safe. And the princess rogue had got her lost in the underdark and captured by drow. She may even be dead. A tear rolled down Lyannas' face. It was too sad to think about.

Lyanna sat there, not allowing herself to remember her radiant bard, who she was responsible for. She felt like an empty husk; so hollow and empty. She had felt like that before...one time. 

One time, she had been an innocent, care-free Princess. 

Some say her father, the King, was a great leader, who was inexplicably betrayed by his closest allies. Others say that he got too greedy, and was blinded by the power his allies, the mighty Dhorn Empire had afforded him. He refused to see the threat that they posed to his own kingdom. The pious Dhorn weren't interested in gaining allies; only dominance. Pretty Princess Lyanna had no concern for such things, she left those games to the men in power.

Her father assured her that there was nothing to worry about when the Dhorn invaded their borders-it was all just a misunderstanding, and would be amended promptly. Then the Dhorn forces took the city. Her father still calmly assured her that their secure castle would never be breached, things would be all right. Lyanna trusted him, even though, deep down, she was more frightened than she had ever been in her life.

And then that horrifying night came. She could hear the fighting slowly getting closer, like an unstoppable tide. The clashing of blades, loud shouting, agonized screams, she heard it all as she cowered in her bedroom with her handmaiden, Tina. Finally, she couldn't take the waiting any longer and left the bedroom against her handmaidens' protests.

That was when she confronted true evil for the first time in her young life. Tina was cut down in front of her without warning. Then the Dhorn officer coldly ordered her own execution. Lyanna didn't know how she got away from the soldiers, but she ran. She ran and she ran through the castle, but everywhere she looked, her fathers' men were dead, and there were only her red-caped enemies.

It was in that moment, fleeing for her life in absolute terror, that she first encountered Vico. The black-clad criminal snatched her away into one of the castles' secret tunnels. He then delivered the devastating news; her parents had been murdered. The Princess was still reeling in shock, when he did the unthinkable-he tore her clothes off and raped her. 

Lovely innocent Princess Lyanna had died that night. That was when she had become an empty husk; after having everything-her whole life torn away from her in one unbelievably cruel blow. Eventually, she began to fill that husk, as she began her new life. The criminal organization she had fallen in with; The Family, taught her the tricks of their underworld trade, and she was determined to become the best rogue she could be.

She saw the city of Betancuria in a much different way; not looking down on it from the keep, but being in there amongst it, a part of the chaos. The city could be colorful, vibrant and welcoming, as well as sleazy, dark and dangerous. She learned the hard way about black-hearted men who would prey on pretty young women like herself for a fleeting moment of power and gratification. There was no one there to protect her any more, she could only count on herself.

And so she trained in combat with Master Hatori, a long-time member of the Family. The patient master would spend hours with her in the basement below his tea shop, teaching the arts of dodging, blocking and striking. It was not easy for her, but her master could see her strength and determination, and pushed her hard. As a result, she was able to hold her own in most every combat situation, inside and outside of the city. 

It didn't help her when she walked blindly into the drow ambush, though. Once again, she cursed herself for being so stupid. She felt tremendous guilt for the deep peril her party was in.

Now, everything had been taken away from her again. Once again, she felt like a hollow husk. Was Lyanna the rogue dead? Would she have no choice now but to become Lyanna the slave? How cruel the fates could be.

No. She couldn't accept this fate. There were people depending on her; Master Nathan, who gave her a second chance at life. Chella, who gave her care and comfort when she needed it most. Anden, who showed her there are still some men who still had honor, loyalty and chivalry. Pia, who she loved dearly, and who brought joy into her life once again. 

Even Vico, he was an insufferable bastard, but he had saved her life more than once. And there was no doubt that he was loyal to The Family, for reasons she had not yet discovered. She needed his help. They were all counting on her. Lyanna the rogue was much stronger and wiser than Princess Lyanna. She would find a way.

She looked up and saw him standing there-the male drow from the audience chamber when she was brought in. Was he her master? Lyanna picked herself up off the floor. She stood in the middle of the cell to face him, not attempting to cover her nakedness. She just stared back. He was obviously a fighter, by the way he carried himself, and his attire-black and purple light armor, which covered his whole lean, but muscular frame. He also had a black cape draped over his shoulders and a thin longsword sheathed at his belt.

His head was shaved on each side, around his pointed ears, and he had a thick mane of white hair running down the middle. He continued to calmly stare with his intense red eyes. Lyanna had wondered if he wanted to have sex with her, but his eyes never wondered over her body with a lustful gaze. He also didn't have the look of a master reveling in the power he held over his slave. She knew what that looked like. 

His face was hard to read, it was almost like he was measuring her somehow. Was he waiting for her to do something? He wasn't giving any indication of wanting anything from her.

Lyanna stayed quiet, even though her mind was bubbling with questions. She couldn't understand their drowish tongue, she wondered if he could understand hers'. More than anything, she wanted to know what they were going to do with her, how long she would be left in her cell. She had a terrible feeling that when she would be taken out, it would not be good for her, but it could possibly present an opportunity.

Lyanna crossed her arms in front of her, beneath her large pale boobs as she waited. She didn't know what she was waiting for. For a few more minutes, the drow just stared at her, appearing very calm and patient. Then, without saying a word, her turned and walked back down the dungeon corridor. Lyanna was left standing there naked in her small gloomy cell.

***

Nathrae made it back to the Great Northern Tunnel and let her lizard mount go free. She walked up along the tunnel several miles on foot until she got to her cache in a nondescript part of the stony wall. There was a head-sized rock embedded in the wall, which she pulled away. She then reached into the crevice and pulled out the small sack and the magical gem that was inside. 

The drow woman activated the gem and then spoke to it, "Drider-dung-one checking in. I am heading back to my post now." The words were magically transported back to her handler at Maeralssin. She obviously didn't choose her code name. Nathrae waited for a response and any further instructions. 

After a few moments, the gem started to glow and she heard a female voice, "Proceed." 

She put the gem back into its pouch and into the hole in the wall. She also carefully rolled the scroll and dagger into her cloak, and tucked them away in the crevice. The rock was then moved back into place, and she made sure that there was nothing to draw attention to the spot. Then she set about covering herself in dirt and cobwebs, scratching and cutting herself in various places with a sharp rock. Nathrae let out a sigh and continued on down the tunnel. She was dreading this moment.

The glowing stones ahead showed that she had arrived. She approached the wooden sign, with its welcome message in several languages. The iron door was closed. The dwarf still thought that she was not capable of opening doors. It was best to let him keep believing that, or he may start locking her away. So she waited outside. She had only been gone a few cycles. She hoped the dwarf was still looking for her, and she wouldn't be left out there too long.

Nathrae waited around the entrance. Walking and standing about, getting into her mindless act again. The hardest part of her ruse was dealing with the tedious boredom. She would often reminisce about the past, and her mind would often unwillingly drift to Rizzen. They were enjoyable memories, but often left her feeling sad and empty. She could never have him.

After waiting around an hour, she could hear someone traveling down the tunnel from the north. It made Nathrae tense up. She didn't know who it was, what if someone wanted to harm her, or claim her? She considered just going inside, but decided to just stay there and keep playing the mindless Tiff.

The heavy footsteps got louder. With her darkvision she could see just one squat figure, and as it got closer, she recognized it as a dwarf or duergar. Then she heard a gruff voice, "Tiff?" Rugnar stepped forward, he wasn't inside after all. His ruddy bearded face wore a surprised expression, "Tiff, ye come back again. Oh thank the gods." 

Nathrae didn't look at him, she just stared off blankly at the tunnel wall. The dwarf dropped the large pack he was carrying and approached her. He got hold of her, turned her head, and stroked his big rough hand along her dirty cheek. "Yer in a bit of a state, aint ya? Where the heck have ye been? Ye disappeared not long after those humans were here. I thought that damned rogue had come back an' stole you away." 

He smiled brightly and then wrapped his thick arms around her. Nathrae let out a squeal as he gave her a squeezing hug. Soon he let her go again and stood back, holding her at arms length. "I wish ye wouldn't go wandering off like that, ye naughty lass. I aint letting ye of me sight again. Ye can be sure of o' that." He unlocked the door and opened it. The iron golem was standing just inside, facing the door. "It's okay Jax, jus' me, and look 'ere, Tiffy has come back too." 

The dwarf took Nathraes' hand and led her through the short tunnel and into the shop. He started singing some awful dwarven drinking song, obviously in a good mood. Nathrae wrinkled her nose, he smelt worse than ever. He settled his pack down by the stone counter and turned and looked at his dark elf again. "Yer, hungry and thirsty, I bet." 

She greedily accepted the water and bread he offered. Rugnar looked her over, examining the cuts on scrapes on her filthy body. "You were damn lucky again. Ye can't go off on yer own, silly girl. Something'll do ye in."

He heated some water and filled the large metal tub. Nathrae just stood there staring blankly as he undressed her. Soon he was bathing her in the tub, wiping a wet cloth over her dark slender body. She winced as he wiped over her stinging cuts and scrapes. He kept smiling at her, "Ye always come back, don't ya, Tiff?...Ye know those humans that were here? They gone and got 'emselves caught by that mind-flayer, Raul-Thor. He's probably made a snack of 'em by now. He sold me some of their gear fer a good price." 
