 "You didn't! Not right here, just now in the fitting room, did you?" Donna Cargill asked her friend in amazement. The cat-who-ate-the-canary grin on Linda Falco's face said it all!

"What can I say, Donna?" Linda replied sheepishly, "Victoria has her secret and I have mine!" 

"Well, if you get caught, it won't be much of a secret!" 

"That's all part of the fun, my dear!"

The famous intimate apparel store had been their last stop in the mall. Nothing more was said about the incident until they reached Donna's F-150 in the parking lot. Linda had known her friend for years. They had met at Bishop Xavier High School as freshmen, gone to the same college together and at one time had even dated the same man from the same office at the same time. Now in their early thirties, Donna was married with two young children and Linda was, as she liked to put it, "self employed and still comfortably single."

As they placed their purchases on the back seat of the pick-up, Linda knew what the first words out of Donna's mouth would be once they got settled in the truck. 

"Okay, Miss Hot Crotch! Tell me all about it!"

"That's MS Hot Crotch to you!" Linda said putting on a false air of superiority. Then, with a little chuckle, she said, "There really is not much to tell, unless you really want me to get totally nasty and graphic. I don't think that would be a good idea while you're driving."

"You're probably right." Donna replied as she guided the Ford out of the parking lot. "Ted and I are going through a "dry spell" right now. As it is that little visit to Victoria's has me in a mood to say the hell with making dinner and jump his bones as soon as he gets home from work. If you give me too explicit an account of your sexual exploits, I'll be tempted to pull over to the side of the road and jump you!" 

They both laughed. Linda knew that Donna was as straight as an arrow, sexually speaking, and Donna knew that Linda was bi. It was a tribute to their friendship that they could tease each other like this without things getting out of hand and someone's feelings getting hurt. 

"You'd better just give me the Reader's Digest Condensed version." Donna said. 

"Okay, you know that peach teddy I bought today?" Linda started. Donna nodded. "Well, when I tried it on, it fit me like a glove. I looked at myself wearing it in the mirror for a while, trying to find anything wrong with it and I just couldn't. This was a good thing because it was the only one on the rack."

"Okay, so you're so narcissistic that just looking at yourself wearing a sexy piece of cloth in a fitting room mirror gives you an uncontrollable urge to masturbate yourself into senselessness? Hold on! I'll give you the number to my shrink!" Donna teased.

"Hey! We don't all have husbands we can ambush anytime we like!" Linda shot back with a laugh!

"Anyhow, Hon." Linda continued, "As I started to take it off, I slipped my finger under the left should strap and all of a sudden an image flashed through my mind of a man's hand reaching around from behind me, pushing my hand aside and gently slipping, first the left and then the right, strap down over my shoulders. The image was so intense that I spun around to see if anyone was behind me, which of course, there wasn't."

"I think somebody's been spending a little too much time watching the 'naked' channels on her satellite TV." Donna chided. 

"Like you and Ted don't?" Linda came back, "Don't play Sweet Polly Purebred with me, sister! I know what's in that locked video cabinet in your basement!" Donna blushed.

"As you were saying, Madame Chatterley."

"As I was saying, the image that flashed through my mind was so intense that its effect lingered on afterwards. Turning back towards the mirror, I saw that the top of the teddy had fallen down and my boobs were just hanging out there. I love being topless so I stood there for another minute and then pushed the rest of the teddy down over my hips and let it drop to the floor. That's when it happened."

"What happened?"

"Okay, girlfriend, buckle up and hold tight to your steering wheel." Linda warned her friend, "The next part is going to get a little bit graphic."

Donna nodded.

"Well, I was standing there naked, except for my panties, in the fitting room. As I bent down to pick up the teddy from the floor, another image flashed through my mind as disturbing and intense as the first. It was an image of the same man pulling my panties down from behind me. This image, too, lingered in my mind. So much so that as I steadied myself with one hand on the seat I pulled my panties down to my knees with the other. I don't know what made me do it. Still bent over, I spread my legs as far as my panties would let me. Then, before I knew what was happening, my free hand was rubbing my clit." Linda paused to judge the effect her story was having on Donna. 

"I'm okay, but Ted isn't going to know what hit him when he gets home! Go on." Donna said her mouth suddenly dry. 

"You asked for it, Hon!" Linda said. "Okay, so I'm bent over in the fitting room, rubbing myself with one hand and holding myself up with my other hand and I'm getting really, really wet." Linda looked over at Donna and noticed that she was holding the steering wheel so tightly her knuckles were turning white. 

"I'm okay. Continue, please." Donna said answering Linda's unasked question. 

"If you say so... Okay that is when the last and most intense image flashed through my mind. It was the same man and he was holding me by my hips and sliding his cock right into me from behind. The image was so intense that as I masturbated, I could actually feel his hands on my hips. I could feel the warmth of his cock moving in and out of me faster and faster... RED LIGHT, GIRL!"

Linda's panicked warning snapped Donna back to the here and now. She stood on the brake and the truck screeched to a stop just short of the intersection. Donna slumped back in her seat. 

"Jesus, gawd! I just creamed my jeans!" Donna said panting. "You little bitch!"

"Sorry, I really am! I just got carried away." Linda sputtered. "It was like I was reliving the whole thing over again."

"Okay, so you came hard, got dressed, bought the teddy and decided to tell me all about it. Is that it?" Donna asked. Her breathing returned to normal about the time the stop light turned green again. She knew she wasn't really angry with Linda. She was mad at herself for letting herself get so distracted while driving. It was the adrenaline rush that had made her yell at her friend.

Linda understood. She decided the end the story right there. 

"Well, that's pretty much it." Linda said, "However there is one more little detail..."

"Does it involve sexual organs or human nakedness in any way, shape or form?"

"No." Linda laughed. 

"Okay, then proceed."

"Once I was dressed" Linda shot a glance at Donna. Donna smiled back. "I found this on the wall of the fitting room." Linda reached into her purse and produced an ordinary post-it note. She handed it to Donna. Donna took it, looked at it, and handed it back to Linda. 

"A phone number? So what? Someone probably forgot about it and left it there." Donna said. 

"Not likely. It wasn't there when I entered the fitting room." Linda countered. "I always do a 'sweep' of any fitting room before I use it to make sure nobody left anything behind".

"I always look for hidden cameras and peep-holes." Donna laughed. She was getting back to herself. 

"I look for those too!" Linda chuckled. "So I am sure this note wasn't there when I entered the fitting room. I only saw it once I had put my clothes back on and was about to leave. The really odd thing about it was that it was on the wall opposite the door. Nobody could have slipped it into the room without me seeing them. Unless they were a Ringling Bros acrobat they would have bumped right into me!" 

"Have you tried calling the number?" Donna asked.

"No, I was going to wait until I got home."

"Go ahead and give it a try now. Put it on speaker so I can hear it too."

Linda dialed the number using her cell phone. After a couple of rings a male voice answered. It was obviously a recording or a computer. It gave a generic thank you message for calling and then gave Linda the URL of a website and told her to go there at once. It repeated this message three times and then the phone automatically disconnected. 

"Probably some gimmick promotion." Linda said. 

"You sound disappointed."

"A little. I just thought it would be something different."

"That kind of stuff only happens in the movies, girlfriend!" Donna laughed. 

Before long, they pulled up to the front of Linda's apartment building. As she got out of the truck, Donna told Linda to call her later that evening, but not to call too early as she and Ted were going to be "occupied" for a while once he got home.

"If he doesn't call in sick to work tomorrow, you're not doing it right!" Linda called to Donna as she pulled away from the curb. As her friend's truck disappeared into the mid afternoon traffic, Linda turned and entered her apartment building. She took the elevator to the third floor and walked short distance down the hallway to her apartment. Once inside, she began unpacking and putting away her day's shopping. The last item she put away was the peach teddy. She looked at it for a long moment, feeling the slick texture of its material before folding it carefully and placing it in her top dresser drawer.

"I wonder what's going on in the clean world."

With that Linda left her bedroom and planted herself at her computer desk in her living room. She worked from home as a freelance photographer and checking her email was a daily ritual for her. There were only about a half dozen today and Linda deleted most of them. The only one she didn't delete had a phone number as the sender's address - a very familiar phone number.

"What... the... fuck..." Linda said in astonishment as she opened the email. All that it contained was a URL link. The same URL the recording she had received when she called the number on the post-it note had told her to visit. She pulled the post-it note out of her purse and checked it against the sender's email addy just to be sure. 

They matched exactly. 

"This is getting too weird, even for me!" 

She sat there for a long time, staring at the computer screen, debating what to do. If the link led to a malware or phishing site, her computer and the data on it might be at risk. Linda's computer had a pretty good security set up, but no security set up is totally fool proof. Her better senses told her just to delete the email and toss the post-it note into the trash, but something else inside her, something she couldn't identify, told her to go ahead and click on the link. 

"Girl", she said to herself, "You've done some foolish things in your lifetime, but you haven't done anything foolish in quite a while. I'd say you are overdue!"

With that she clicked on the link in the email. 

A new window opened on her screen and in that window, a standard video display opened up. 

After a second or two a video started playing. Linda watched the video in slack jawed amazement. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. It was too much. She felt the blood drain from her face as everything began to grow dim. Her last conscious memory was of falling out of her chair.

Linda Falco fainted and fell to the floor unconscious. 

To Be Continued...