 Part 1: An Impossible Situation I was still waking up in what we were arbitrarily calling the morning when Clarissa and Augusta came to visit me, which was unfortunate, because I'd taken to sleeping naked -- the House was happy to keep my room warm enough, we still didn't have much choice in clothes, and I didn't feel inclined to sleep in a shapeless robe-gown-thing. Anyway, it was only a problem if someone chose to walk in on me unexpected, which the girls, being very well-brought-up young ladies, weren't usually inclined to do.   Sure, I might have expected them to knock, as polite young ladies surely should. However, the House wasn't built that way -- the walls and doors were dense and sound-proof, and it had a habit of opening doors helpfully when anyone walked up to them -- so it wasn't their fault.

So the first thing I knew was when I was brought fully awake by a gasp and a squeal of girlish conversation. I looked up to see them standing in the doorway with their backs to me. I apologised and grabbed a gown, told the House to switch the windows to fully clear, then told them they could turn round now.

"Sorry," I said again.

"No," said Augusta, "it was entirely our fault."

"And anyway," said Clarissa, "we have seen you before."

That was true. These two were the most adventurous of the seven women who'd been here when I first arrived, and had discovered me lying in the field outside the House.

"Well, anyway," I said, waving them to two of the stools which were scattered round my room while I sat on the bed, "what can I do for you?"

"We wish to talk about ... matters," said Augusta, looking nervous. It didn't suit her; she was the tallest of the girls, blonde and quite Amazonian. She was quite a looker, really, but also slightly intimidating; she not only wore her hair plaited, like most of the girls, but she somehow persuaded it to wrap around her head in a formal sort of style that made her look seriously stern.

"The House," said Clarissa, in more of a rush. "We are unsure of its intentions -- for all of us."

"Well, yes," I agreed, "but it's not done us any harm yet, and it seems to try to give us what we ask for."

"Except for sending us home," Augusta said.

"We have to believe that it's telling the truth -- that it can't do that," I said, as gently as I could manage. "It's studying us, I'm sure, but I don't think that we're in danger."

"Yes," said Clarissa, fixing me with her rather scary stare, "but what does it wish of us?"

I sighed, while trying not to show it. The crazy thing was that she wasn't sounding at all crazy, and this was a good question.

 *** *** *** *** *** ***