 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

How do you tell your girlfriend that she is an interactive part of a computer BDSM torture site? And how do you keep her from going to the police?

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Alex set his cell phone down on his desk and brought the four computer monitors in his desk arrangement to life. One was a permanent monitor of his "Screams" websites and showed traffic, income, etc; the second monitored the more traditional porn sites that he maintained for various clients, the third was a control computer used solely to update the sites; and the fourth was his personal computer on which he did all the programming and testing. The computers were on a satellite link. Each computer had a separate IP and none, except his personal unit, was traceable to this location. 

"How he hell did she log onto the 'Alice Screams' site?" he muttered to himself. His eyes jumped from screen to screen trying to figure out what to do. He could see that she was logged on using his control sign-in and password. It was different for each site, but was always the email logon he had helpfully given each girl. 

"Stupid to use their own names on their sites," he muttered to himself, and then added, "but that can't be changed right now." 

He ran his fingers through his hair and exhaled heavily. This was very bad. Somehow she saw herself and she knew what he had done. His hands hovered over his keyboard waiting for his mind to give instruction to his fingers.

Suddenly he shouted, "It can all be changed! I can make it go away!" He remembered the basic program outline. The programs call up the avatar and insert it as needed. All he had to do was change the avatar specifications in the avatar folders. Even the "videos" just recreated the flow of the site and called up the avatars as needed. The entire site didn't have to change, only the avatar had to change.

He still had some major modifications to do to all of his sites, but for now, a temporary solution was at hand. He renamed the entire sub-directory that was Alice to DONT_USE. And that dark haired blond that wasn't on line yet - Beverly - her sub-directory he changed to Alice123. It was as simple as that.

Alex quickly downloaded the changes to the servers and watched on the monitor as Computer Alice morphed into Computer Beverly. Now he had to get over to Alice's and learn how she had found out about the site and why she was so hysterical. He had known that she might get mad if she found out her avatar was on a porn site, but this was way beyond that. He was still certain that she had not discovered he had implanted her or that the implant connected her subconscious emotional responses to the avatar on the website to give totally realistic life-like responses. She couldn't even suspect such an interactive implant because such technology did not exist - at least it did not exist on earth. And it would not exist on his websites if he had not cloned the technology when the lizard people asked for his assistance.

A few minutes later, Alex was knocking on Alice's door. She opened the door wearing what she had been wearing since she woke up from her nightmare, which was exactly nothing. Her body was still glistening with sweat and she smelled of fear, but she didn't care. She pounded both fists on Alex's chest and screamed, "What the hell did you do to me, Alex?! Why are my nightmares on a pornographic website? And why is one of the monsters that tortures me using your voice?"

"Alice, I can explain. You aren't going to believe this, but I can explain. It wasn't supposed to happen this way. The connection was supposed to be one way and only while you were asleep. You were never supposed to be aware of any of this. I would never do this to you intentionally, and besides, I really didn't have a choice anyway. The Coughmex..."

Alex's rapid and rambling explanation stopped suddenly as Alice slapped him hard across the face and then kicked him swiftly in the balls. He dropped in the doorway groaning and gasping.

"What do you mean, you had no choice?!" screamed Alice. You asked me to pose for that avatar. You set me up. That was your choice! I am going to call the police and you can explain it to them."

Alex recovered slightly and gasped out. "I've changed the site. You can't prove anything."

Alice glared down at him with her phone in her hand.

Alex continued, "There is no way to absolutely connect me to the site. Besides, what happens on those sites isn't possible. The police will think you're nuts. Please don't make that call. It will only make it worse for you. Please let me explain."

Alice now stood trembling above Alex as he lay prone in her doorway. She was standing directly over his head and as he looked up he was looking straight into her still-shaved slit. "You kept it shaved," he said and immediately regretted his words as Alice's foot stomped down on his stomach.

"Please, tell me what has happened to you and let me explain," Alex managed to grunt out as he struggled to get to his feet. "Maybe I can help you."

Alice turned and walked back into her apartment. "Get your ass in here. You have five minutes and then I am calling the police."

Alex pulled himself to his feet, pulled the door closed behind him and staggered to the table where Alice sat. "Could you put something on?" he asked. It's kind of hard to talk to you while you are sitting there naked."

"The whole world has seen me naked because of you," she replied coldly. "Deal with it."

"OK. It all started when I put out an internet spam-bot to promote my avatar creation business. A couple of my friends are part of a hacker group and I gave them a few avatars in payment for an ad that would travel the net and pop up on likely sites. It said I had the best avatars in the universe. I used an avatar-style image of you as an example on the ad. There was no way that I could have known that the Coughmex were monitoring the net."

"The WHO?" interjected Alice.

"The Coughmex..." sputtered Alex. "... the lizard guys. At least Coughmex is as close as I can come to saying what it is that they call themselves. Anyway, they were passing by and saw the ad and stopped in to see me."

"Passing by? Two lizard guys just drove down your street and stopped and said hello?"

"They were passing by earth, and they beamed down here or whatever. They said they were lonely in space and their computer generated... uh... companions... wouldn't work because they were too far away from their home planet. They explained how certain Coughmex were implanted with a transponder that enabled them to interact with computer programs. In effect, their emotional and physical responses guided the avatar. It all happens at a subconscious level and only while you are asleep so you never know what is happening - or at least that is the way it is supposed to work."

"And you implanted me! You rotten no good pile of shit!!!"

Alex ducked under the table and yelled out, "Like I said. I didn't have a choice. They specifically wanted you. They gave me a ton of gold for expenses and furnished the designs for the equipment and the transponders. I created the websites with a few enhancements from their technology. There are currently 22 avatars - different sizes, colors and genders. They are spread out around the world so that some of them are always asleep at any given time. No one else has reported any of the problems that you have."

"So take this out of me and take me out of your porn playhouse."

"I can't."

"What do you mean you can't."

"The Coughmex specifically requested you. If I take you off the site permanently, they will come back here and.... and..."

"What, kill you? I'd gladly help them annihilate you!"

"No, not me. They said they would destroy the earth if I didn't help them."

Alice suddenly found herself running back into the bathroom to throw up. When she came back into the kitchen, Alex was seated at the table.

He pushed a cup of tea across the table toward her and said softly, "I put your sheets in the dryer and your towels in the wash machine. If you want to call the police, go ahead. They will put both of us in the looney bin and the Coughmex will come back and wipe out our solar system."

Alice sneered as she replied sarcastically, "Now it isn't just the earth. It is the whole solar system. What kind of bullshit are your trying on me."

"They said something about accelerating our sun or whatever. In any case, it will blow up and the earth and everything else will be gone."

Something in Alex's tone of voice or the way he sat slumped in his chair caused Alice to stop. "Son of a bitch, you are actually telling the truth, aren't you?"

Alex nodded weakly as Alice sat down across the table from him. "OK. You had to do it to me. What about the other 21 people? Why them?"

"Actually, I had to do it to you and another nine people. The Coughmex had me supervise the construction of the avatar mapping equipment and the implants. It wasn't like a couple of lizards could just walk into the local electronics shop and pick up what they needed. They were actually the ones running the equipment when you came to my studio. When they left, they destroyed the original equipment and technical drawings and told me to keep the avatars online for at least three galoogs, whatever the hell that is. When I asked, they told me it was about 5 of our years."

"What they didn't know is that I had duplicated all the technical stuff and had multiple copies made of all of the equipment. I was able to create an extra dozen or so transponders besides the ones I made for them. So, so after the lizards left, I recruited 12 more avatars. There are 22 separate websites. They are all by invitation only and very expensive to buy into. I have become a very rich man."

"And I have become a torture slave!" screamed Alice. "Fix it, or Coughmex or no Coughmex I will kill you with my bare hands."

"Some of the sites are pleasure sites, I could switch you over to one of them."

"What do you mean, 'a pleasure site."

"Our emotional responses to pleasure and pain seem to be the same to the Coughmex. They weren't sure which they preferred and had me set up both pain and pleasure sites. You've seen the pain site. On the pleasure sites, the controllers control penises, hands, or whatever and bring the avatar to orgasm. Those sites don't make as much money, but it would keep you on the air so the Coughmex wouldn't come back."

"What would it be like?"

"I could show you. It would just be a matter of changing the avatar on a site to you."

Alice took at deep breath. "OK, lets try this, but it had better work."

Alex went over to Alice's computer. It was still up on the Alice Screams site, but the avatar was now a dark-haired blond. He opened a new window and logged into his control site. After pulling up the master for 'Melinda Moans' he copied it into his test area and renamed it to 'Alice Moans.' After tweaking some of the internal programming and copying addition files from the original Alice123 avatar area, he activated the website.

"You might want to lie down. I really don't know how this is going to affect you."

Alice walked into her bedroom and lay down on her bare mattress. She tried to close her eyes and relax, but she could not block the sound of the lizard men out of her head as they explained the game and called for competitors. Alex must have realized her discomfort because he turned the volume down on the computer, but all that happened was that the voices moved from the other room to inside her head. "Remember," said Alex's lizard voice, "high score receives a month's free unlimited credits. Point totals depend on length, intensity, and number of orgasms you can create in your allotted time. Cincinnati900, you are first tonight. "

Alice could now feel someone's hand caressing her side and moving toward her breasts. Her nipples stiffened as they were tweaked and slightly stretched outward. Despite the fact that she was lying on her back, she could feel hands softly rub her buttocks and the back of her thighs. Her legs fell slightly open as the hands moved to her front and teased the top of her slit, circling slightly inward toward her clit. They were gentle, but at the same time with just enough pressure to draw her up the slope of sexual excitement. She could feel herself growing extremely wet.

The hands moved once again to her breasts while at the same time she could feel slight pressure against her inner thighs as if a feather-light body was positioning itself between her legs. Then came the distinctive feel of the head of a penis centering itself on her. The penis slid easily into her and began increasing in size until it just filled her. It wasn't overly stretching like some men were, nor was it loose within her like others often were. It was as if it were molded to her size.

The hands began to stoke and pluck and tease her breasts and nipples while the penis began to thrust slowly in and out of her cunt. Alice began to gasp and moan as she rode the pleasures higher and higher and higher until suddenly she climaxed with a loud wailing cry.

She lay spent upon the mattress. The hands were still there. So was another sensation. She was being cuddled. There was no pressure of another body upon her, but she could distinctly feel the reassuring arms and the closeness of a body pressed up to hers. She knew she should run to the bathroom before the nausea hit, but she couldn't bring herself to leave the blissful cocoon that now enveloped her.

Finally everything slowly faded away. She was not nauseous. She wasn't drained. She was... content.

As she opened her eyes, she could see Alex standing above her. "I increased the post-coital cuddle time to maximum," he reported. Then he asked, "So? Do you think that you can endure this?"

"How many times a night?"

"That will vary," answered Alex, but I could put a limiter in the script. The lowest I can set it is three. That is controlled by a part of the program written by the Coughmex and I'm not sure what would happen if I mess with it too much."

Alice stared intently into Alex's eyes, reading his thoughts and emotions as she spelled out her terms. "I'll do it. But at the end of the three gulogs or whatever they are, this thing comes out of me. And you have to check with all of your other avatars to see if any of them have been going through what I have. And..." Alice smiled at Alex in a way that caused a chill to flow from the center of his chest to the pit of his stomach. "I get one-half of all of your profits."

Alex smiled back at Alice. His smile was genuine. Things were going to work out. "You will soon be a very rich woman."

Alice's only answer was a very cold and curt, "Leave."

He did.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

END CHAPTER TWO OF SIX

Please remember to vote 

by clicking on one of the stars at the end of the story. 

If you really liked it, click 5. 

If you really hated it, click 1, but please click something.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 