 "Excuse me, what are your specials this month?" the woman asked, her low cut top exposing a generous amount of cleavage that was magnified by her flawless tanned skin. As I glanced down at her chest, images of what I would do to this woman began to spring from my imagination. The woman bent over the counter, my large hands groping her luscious breasts, grinding against her no doubt supple bottom. My member sliding vigorously between such large orbs of pleasure until I couldn't stand it any further. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath in the moment the words left this woman's mouth. When my eyes opened however, I was greeted with an awkward looking expression on the woman's face. Her lips were parted as if she were about to speak but she appeared to be frozen like that. The next thing I noticed was after a few seconds she hadn't blinked. Behind her, through the window, I saw that there were several cars in the middle of the road not going anywhere.

My rational side of me said this was a dream and perhaps today was more uneventful than originally thought. But my imaginative side began conjuring ideas of being locked in limbo, with the outside world around me frozen in time while I walked the earth until my death. Both sides of my brain tore at each other with reasons as to why this was happening. The thoughts I originally had about this woman before me were all gone and replaced with fear.

Panic came over like a torrent as I stood up from my seat and looked around before all at once, the cars outside began to move again, the woman before me backed up suddenly as if I had scared her. Her face turned frightened and she scoffed, "No need to get an attitude and jump up like that... I was just asking a question, fuck..." she snarled and walked out the door. In retrospec, her ass was not that pleasant.

It was some time before I learned how to turn it off and on and with the free time alloted to me in the office, I began to play around with it. Throw things in the air and try to freeze time to keep it there, push things around and see where they land when I unfroze time. I learned a few things relatively quickly. One, things were heavy to move when I froze time... two, it would seem that reality froze and I wasn't just moving fast as I had imagined. When I put things in the air, they simply fell to the ground after unfreezing time. They didn't carry momentum or anything in the direction I had moved them in. I also got real ambitious and began to experiment with cloth. How it reacted when I moved it or played with it. When time unfroze, the cloth maintained the position I had placed it in and floated harmlessly to the floor.

A few weeks had gone by and I had continuously experimented with my new found ability. I didn't tell anyone, there was no one to tell. I lived alone in an apartment with a few older people and a couple younger people around my age. We just never got along because they had extreme attitudes where as I tended to be realtively easy going. Especially the girl in 4A, she had an attitude like you wouldn't believe. But then that leads us to the next part of our story. 

I later found out that her name was Nicole from some mail I snooped around with after I had finished with her. But Nicole never knew me and will never know me. What I did to her satisfied me immensely and gave me a great sense of accomplishment for getting back at her for complaining about my music so much. Having your stereo set to 12 is a perfectly acceptable volume! Moving on...

One night, at probably around 8pm, I didn't keep track really, I was filled with a mix of emotions that never should be mixed together. Hate, guilt, malice, lust, joy, anger, fright all mixed around inside me like a boiling pot of liquid. I was walking up the stairs and the moment I got to the fourth floor, I saw her. She walked past me and scoffed in my general direction as she made her way to her opened door. Nicole apparently was getting some bits of laundry she left in the laundry room just off the side of the stairs. The moment she scoffed and passed me, I froze time. Like a child afraid of getting caught, but then excited for the possibility of it happened, I quickly made my way into her apartment. It was nothing fancy, same as mine only perhaps a little less dirty. She had her laundry out on her couch and I could see something on the stove with steam coming from under the lid of a pot. "Nice place," I said to myself before stuffing myself into the closet and unfreezing time.

I could hear her mumbling to herself as she walked into the apartment and closed the door making sure to lock it. She walked over to the couch and tossed the bits of laundry with the rest. She lifted an arm to rub her forehead and put her other hand on her right hip. That's when I froze time again. She stood there, frozen in silver basketball shorts and a loose blue tanktop. She had style I'll give her that. Her skin was very pale as if covered in a blanket of makeup and her hair was jet black, two piercing hazel eyes behind it.

I didn't really focus on her body and whether I had found it appealing, I was merely experimenting on what I could do with freezing time and what kind of consequences there might be. And who best to test some nefarious deeds on than someone I dislike.

Stepping out from her closet, I walked over to her and moved my hands in front of her face. No reaction. Of couse there's no reaction, she was frozen... but I wanted to be sure. I moved around the room a bit looking at her from all angles, I checked around and made sure she was alone before i got to work. I took off all of my clothes and moved them to float in the air around her apartment, making sure they did not interact with anything that may leave evidence of me being there. Naked now, my cock flopping around in between my legs, hard as a rod of steel, I grinned at my prey. My balls were hungry to release a load somewhere on this girl or maybe in her. But, to be safe for the first time, I would do my best to make sure that didn't happen. 

I moved up beside her, feeling my dick run along her right hip, gently brushing past her hand that rested there. My own hands curved around her, slowly making their way to her chest. I remember thinkin, "These could be C's..." as I firmly grasped her firm, perky breasts. That very moment, I realized how hasty I was being. It couldn't have been more than 3 minutes and I was already going to start on this poor girl. A few seconds went past as I pondered this and realized, with time frozen, time really didn't have a meaning. Some justification huh?

I squeezed her breasts tightly, her tanktop was thin enough to give me a good feel of her supple bust. My fingers then slid beneath the fabric and danced across her chest finding what appeared to be two large nipples that were soft at the time. I played aroud with them for a few minutes before I thought of something. I wonder what this is doing to her really...

I gathered all of my belongings and hid them very well in her apartment before moving back to the closet and unfreezing time. She still stood there for a few more seconds before looking around, I could see that her nipples had gotten hard very quickly. She shrugged and bent over to pick up something near the couch. Freeze.

Her ass looked terrific from this angle, right behind her, bent over, tits hanging in the most graceful of fashions. Nicole's shorts usually leave much to the imagination but when she bent over, they hugged her butt cheeks so tight you would think they never wanted to let go. Glee overcame me and I couldn't contain myself any longer. It would seem as though what I did had an effect, but perhaps not one that could be felt immediately. 

I have had more romantic encounters with women's asses since then but this time I was ravenous. I pulled her shorts down along with her tight fit light grey panties, exposing her ass which was as pale as her face and as smooth as porcelain. My hands ran against her rump for a long time as I took in deep breaths, my dick almost dripping precum onto the floor. I moved back from Nicole and pushed the precume onto the head of my dick and slid it around, lathering up my hard tool for this girl's hole. I spread her ass cheeks wide, which was hard at first but with the perk of time freezing, her cheeks stayed spread while I stared at what they hid away.

Her pussy was nothing more than a pale slit from this angle, her asshole was a marvelous pink. Unable to contain myself, I grasped the shaft of my dick and rubbed it against her asshole. That's right, my first experience and I went for it. At first, it was very difficult to push against this poor Nicole's ass but with effort and patience, I was finally able to force her second fuck-hole open and accept my cock.

I must have fucked her asshole for a solid 15 minutes thrusting hard against the still girl, feeling my balls slap against her body only elevated the pleasure I had coursing through me. It had been a few years since I had had sex with anyone and here I was fucking the asshole of a smart ass little bitch who probably deserved a lot worse. I had to pull out though, it was getting too much for me to handle... I pulled out, covered in sweat and breathing hard, I took a few seconds to try and calm my breathing and hopped back into the closet, covering her up appropriately before doing so. Unfreezing time, I saw her suddenly collapse where she was, shrieking in pain and agony. A grin came across my face as her face turned a dark red, her hands grasping at her ass hoping for some kind of relief. She tried to calm herself down before looking around, tears coming up to her eyes. Her mouth was open, mid-groan, her eyes looking up and I took the opportunity.

Freezing time again, I ran over to her open mouth, eyes peering upwards at where I now stood. I slid my dick into Nicole's mouth, shoving my shaft deep into her, reaching the back of her throat and began to jack off. Her eyes looked up at me with a plea for anyone to help her. Meanwhile I stroked myself furiously into her mouth, hoping to fill her throat with my hot cum. Whether she swallowed it or coughed it up made no difference to me. At that moment, I was happy to be getting revenge. I was happy to finally be doing something with this little gift of mine. I drained my balls into Nicole's throat, making sure to push every last drop into her. Nicole's tears were only a moment from rolling down her cheek as I slid my dick out from her stupid little mouth.  

Watching her pathetic body about to slump to the floor, I got up, got dressed, and stepped outside her apartment after looking around for a few things. I found a spare key to the laundry room next to her original set and took one after finding out her name. Locking the door behind me, not using the pad lock, I stepped into the hallway. No one was there thankfully, and I unfroze time. 

Coughing and struggling to breath, I could hear Nicole on the other side of the door, probably grasping at anything she could grab hold of. I knocked on the door with a wicked grin and called out, "Excuse me, I think you left your laundry key out here."

The coughing and wheezing continued through the door before I heard a desperate voice call from the other side, "Come back later!" she almost screamed.

"I just wanted to make sure this was yours, is it?"

Crying now, "Now isn't..." coughs, "a good time!"

Chuckling slightly but making sure not to be too loud, I replied, "I'll just leave it out here."

Putting the key in front of her door, I walked to my apartment and walked in, "This could be a lot more fun than I originally thought..." I said to myself gathering clean clothes to shower and change into.