 Note: So, awkward, but I now have a level 400 class and one of my teachers is named Aria. So...

Also, thanks to the wonderful editor who has been fixing my horrible mistakes and typos since chapter three. It's been a year, so this dude's a real trooper. Thanks!

Intro: In case you're a little foggy on what's been going on up until now, here's a quick recap. Aria was a normal, shy, bored high school girl until she discovered the ability to freeze time. She has used this ability to pull pranks, learn confidence, steal, spread love (in good was and naughty), gain friends and popularity, all while keeping her ability a strict secret. She has been wooing one of her instructors, Jeffrey Krocker, in addition to having a very intimate relationship with her newfound friend Lindsay, who was a former follower of Lauren Valdevillia - the most popular and cruel girl in school. Aria's latest prank was (Spoiler alert, go read Chapter 12) to make the entire school spontaneously and simultaneously suffer rapturous orgasms during a school assembly. Funny and hot as it was, this has suddenly turned into a terror investigation. Aria scrambles now to deal with the fallout. And did I mention that she has other problems? Like the vicious rumor that Aria is pregnant and doesn't know who the father is, there's a viral video of Aria's sex tape, and she caught her brother jerking off to it, and Lauren's on-again off-again creepo boyfriend Kyle has been lingering around Aria lately. And all this in just the last week!

We left off at the investigation...

*****

Most of the students had long since gone home, but the school was as busy as ever. After the building was checked for any traces of airborne toxins and given the all clear, a flood of investigators washed through the building, scrubbing every surface for every trace of a hint of what could have happened here. No one was finding anything, and frustrations were building.

Most frustrated of all was FBI Special Agent "Detective" Judy Dufresne - "That's DOO-FR-AYY-NN. It's French, dammit!" - who was combing over the entirely inadequate security footage that the school had to offer. They had all of nine cameras, and they were about as strategically placed as the hairs on Donald Trump's head - sporadic, and barely covering anything. She flipped through the school blueprints, marking out every area where they had no camera visibility. It was looking less like a schematic and more like a red dotted impressionist piece on the state of Dufresne's patience.

She blinked and looked around her, rapidly scanning the area. She sighed. She kept on having these lightning fast moments where her intuition was telling her she was being watched, but when she looked around - nothing. Her intuition was usually so sharp. Something hinky was definitely going on here, and she was determined to find out what.

Michaels, the local police chief, knocked on the door and let himself in, shaking Dufresne from her thoughts. "Dufresne," he greeted. "Anything yet?" 

"Not a damn thing." She grumbled. "Why?"

"The press - we held them back as best we could, but we couldn't stop them from reaching out to the students. It's making national news - their current theory is that there's a student terrorist cell here. It's only been a couple of hours, and ISIS and Al Qaeda have both taken credit for the attack. Say there's more to come. The mayor has declared a state of emergency."

"Idiots."

"You don't think this was terrorism?" 

"Reeks more like a Senior prank from some wanna be pharmacist. How are the staff interviews going? You've been asking them if they think there are any students capable of this, right?"

"Well, we have a list of the more scientifically gifted students..."

"Geeks?"

"Well, yeah, geeks, but do you honestly think a student came up with this untraceable compound that has an effect no one in medical science has ever achieved before? I think it's unlikely."

Dufresne kept staring at her monitors and marking out her blueprints. One of their cameras moved - which must have seemed like the height of security when it was installed. She needed another marker to color the area that was only sometimes covered. Maybe orange.

"The guy who invented Elmer's glue did it on accident. So I don't see why not." She started rummaging through the desk drawers of the janitor/security room. After a few seconds, she resurfaced with a fist full of highlighters. "But you have a point. We should still consider outside contributors. Or even... hmmm, yeah, possibly physical factors. This happened at a school assembly, right. I don't suppose mass hypnosis is real? Go find out who you can ask about that. I'm guessing the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit, but if you have to get David Blaine or Criss Angel in here, do it."

Chief Michaels sighed, and turned to leave the room.

"Wait!"

Chief Michaels sighed, and turned back into the room.

"Take a look at this." He stepped up behind her to look at the monitor over her shoulder. "Right here. This is the Admin office at the exact moment the attack happened."

Aria, hiding in the Janitor's cabinet five feet away, thought the word "attack" was fairly strong. She paused time to squeeze her way out of the cramped cabinet and take a look at the screen herself. She saw pretty much nothing. She squirmed back into the hidey-hole, calmed and quieted her breathing, and continued to observe.

Chief Michaels said "I don't see anything."

"Get some glasses. Look again. Right there." She rewound the tape and he squinted at the screen. "Riiiiight...there!"

"I still don't...you mean that little blur?"

Aria froze - not that she wasn't already completely still. Did she still show up on film when time was paused? Don't tell me her power was like that X-men Quicksilver bullshit, where she was just moving really fast.

"No, that's a smudge on the camera lens."

Aria sighed with relief, then clasped her hand over her mouth, hoping they didn't hear her.

"That riiiight there." Dufresne pointed at the screen. "That."

"That?"

"That. What does that look like to you?"

"A... walkman?" Dufresne closed her eyes and held in the sardonic remark about Michaels age. He wasn't far off after all. This piece of technology was almost equally antiquated.

"No. That, Chief Michaels, is an iPod."

"One of those mp3 players?"

"Exactly. They went out of circulation years ago. That right there is an iPod nano."

"What's so special about it?"

Dufresne smiled and rewound the tape again. "This is before the attack."

Attack. Everyone kept using that word. It was a prank. Did anyone get hurt? No. Rather, Aria was quite sure that everyone enjoyed themselves immensely.

"And suddenly..." Judy trailed off.

"Where did it come from?"

"That's exactly it. It just shows up. No one puts it there, it didn't magically fall there and plug itself in, it's just there. And then, after the attack," she fast forwarded a few minutes "Poof. Again. It vanishes."

"You think someone tampered with the footage? Replaced the actual camera footage with a prerecorded tape where there happened to be an iPod in frame?"

"Well, maybe. It doesn't make any sense. Look" She moved the footage back. "You can see the staff here leaving for the assembly. There's no clips in the footage at all until the Ipod appears." 

"So? That's where they put the pre-recorded footage."

"See, that's where you're wrong. Look what happens when the counsellor stands up. Her chair spins around and she puts her water bottle down on the table, half full. How could any pre-recorded footage know the exact position of that chair and water bottle, or how full the water bottle would be at that time. It's like the footage isn't edited at all, and the iPod just... Appeared. Like that. Like magic."

"Why? What was the iPod doing there. Why does this even matter?"

"Well, the students all reported a song being played on the school speaker system during the incident. We've Identified it as a song by The Lonely Island, called, erm" She cleared her throat, "'Jizz in My Pants,' a song that is definitely not on file for the school PA system. That iPod was used to play the song."

"So how did it get there?"

"I don't know. But whoever did put it there is our guy."

Just then, the computer exploded.

"JESUS CHRIST, WHAT THE FUCK!" Dufresne and Michaels jumped back, shielding their eyes from the electric sparks light smoke and debris. 

The smoke alarm went off. BEEBEEBEEBEEBEEBEE.

Dufresne turned to Michaels and said "Quick, turn it off before- "

BEEBEEWHEEEEEOOOOP! WHEEEEOOOOP! WHEEEEOOOOP! Lights started flashing and the alarm grew infinitely louder as the school fire alarm system triggered, and the hall alarms joined in the raucous noise. And then - rain. The school sprinkler system turned Judy from dry to wet in an instant, but not in the same sense that had happened to the students at the assembly.

"Shit shit shit shit," Dufresne fretted over the broken, sparking computer in front of her, wondering how to save it. 

Within seconds a handful of firemen burst through the door - ushering Michaels out of the room, and grabbing dufresne and hauling her, struggling, out of the room.

Outside dripping, and cold despite the Spring sun, Dufresne looked bereft at the school, lights from the alarms flashing visibly out the windows. Firemen and BombSquad huddled by the entrance, arguing about who goes in and how. Water leaking out from the front doors, drowning her evidence.

Suddenly, that feeling was there again, that feeling that wasn't there even a split second before - like someone was watching her. Dufresne looked around, eyeballing the crowd milling around the premises and ogling at the disaster scene. Nothing out of the ordinary. Some teens, some adults, some press. Even another blonde girl she hadn't noticed there before had joined the crowd.

Judy was a tough girl. Yes, there was a part of her that wanted to cry. But the bigger part, as was par for the course, was the part that she focused on. The angry part. 

-

Aria was conflicted. On one hand, she was exhausted. She had done hours of manual labor in addition to her school day, with the execution of her prank and the clean-up. On the other hand, she was fucking horny. Her pussy was throbbing and wet, and her panties were drenched - thank god she had worn a skirt today, or it would have shown through. Like it did for most of the student population. Huh. Aria was a hypocrite, wasn't she?

She pulled out her keys to let herself in and was surprised to find that the front door was already unlocked. Did mom get home early?

"Aria! Oh my God, I heard what happened! Are you okay?" Aria was bombarded by her brother, who had been waiting anxiously for her. "Do you need to go to the hospital? Did you get checked out by a doctor? Are you hurt at all?" Jackson was giving her a pat-down, looking for any telltale bruises or injuries. Aria shrugged him off when one of his hands brushed past her breast - cutting his examination short before he could try and give her a mammogram. 

"I heard on the news - what happened at school? Where you there? Mom and I have been calling, but you weren't answering! We were so worried?"

"Calm down, I'm fine. The whole school is fine. It was blown way out of proportion. No one got hurt. Where's mom?"

"She was home with me - we were going to go pick you up from school, but her boss practically threatened to fire her if she didn't come in, since she was on call. Apparently the hospital is super busy thanks to what happened and they were short staffed and needed every nurse they could get. Should I call her? She made it clear she would come home in a heartbeat. Or I could take you there."

"No, no. I'm fine, I swear. Call her and tell her I'm all right. I just want to take a bath and go to bed."

"Is it safe to go to bed? Is it like a concussion? What did they tell you to do when you got home?"

"Stop it, it's fine! Seriously, the whole situation was just blown way out of proportion." Aria was tired of justifying herself. God, that prank was so not worth it. The work, the payoff - the fact that now she was technically a terrorist... It was hilarious at the time but it wasn't like she could conjure up the image anymore to get anything close to a chuckle. And she didn't get much out of it either - nearly the whole school got off and had a crazy sudden and fantastic orgasm - the leg shaking and moan out loud sort, but Aria herself was shorted. I was such a shame she couldn't use her time magic to have that sort of experience. She was pretty jealous of her victims, honestly. Aria could feel a trickle of her juices slipping down her right thigh.

Well, mostly jealous. She grimaced, remembering the faces of a couple of crying students who seemed genuinely scared - not the ones who were pretending in order to get attention. But generally, everyone had a good time, right? She remembered the kids laughing and joking. You can't make everyone happy.

Jackson, however, saw the grimace. "Don't be so dismissive of it. What you went through today was weird and traumatic. You don't have to pretend to be okay." He scooped her into a big, protective hug.

Aria, who wasn't prepared for the sudden outburst of affection, wasn't in control of her body when a man wrapped her in his arms. The pressing of her breasts against his chest, and a hand stroking her back. Aria's breathing quivered, a soft, sexual moan licked it's way beyond her lips and into her older brother's ear.

He pushed her away abruptly. Suddenly, both siblings were acutely aware of the tension between them. Aria knew Jackson had been sexually attracted to her, and they both knew how weird and wrong it was. Aria wasn't into it. Jackson didn't really want to be romantic with her either - he just couldn't help but be knocked off-balance by his lust for her body. And they hadn't exactly talked this through.

Jackson cleared his throat and spoke first. "So there's food waiting for you in the kitchen. Mom made spaghetti before she left." He ushered her into the kitchen, going so far as to pull out a chair for her and serve her a platter himself. "Want something to drink? Whatever you want. Hot chocolate? Mountain Dew? Water? Mom told me to offer you wine - good for your nerves after stress."

Aria sighed, and forked a big mouthful of spaghetti into her mouth and gave a thumbs up at that last suggestion with her free hand - before using said free hand to shove half-soggy garlic bread into her mouth.

Jackson chuckled and opened the pantry. Aria got her eating habits from their dad. Their dad, before their parents split, was both he and Aria's best friend. He was a real active sports guy - played football with his work friends twice a week. With the rest of his free time he was always taking them out to parks or to local games. Any game. And they would gamble on them - any of them. He remembered the three of them sitting at a little league baseball game - they didn't know anyone there and none of them played baseball, but their dad had seen the game off the side of the road when they were going grocery shopping and pulled over immediately. Dad was betting on the kids in orange, and Aria was adamant that the kids in blue were going to win. The wager - what kind of ice cream they were going to buy.

Jackson poured her a glass of red, which she guzzled, and refilled it. Aria, having inhaled the appropriate amount of carbs to regain some modicum of self control, sipped at the second glass, slowing down enough to enjoy her meal. Watching her relax, Jackson gently began prodding again. "So what happened, exactly?"

Aria took a moment to collect her thoughts, that is, get her story straight. Between mouthfuls she began explaining.

"Well, it was pretty much a normal day," Magic powers not included, "up until the school assembly," Which occurred as response to the pep rally debacle, "And like halfway through everyone started, like shaking. Everyone was having a random orgasm. Like almost everyone."

"Did - did you?"

"Ew! Don't even ask me that, pervert. What the hell?" She threw her garlic bread at him. The answer was no, she most decidedly did not, and she was still salty about that. She shifted in her chair, noting the slickness between her thighs. Fuck, she just wanted to go upstairs and rub her clit till her eyes crossed and go to sleep. Creamy thighs, wet sheets and all.

"Sorry, sorry. I'm still freaking out for your health, sorry!" Jackson scrambled. He was aware of their tender situation, and wanted to heal it over quickly. But he also couldn't fully ignore the primal interest he had about whether or not his sister was one of the young women writhing in ecstacy, publicly moaning and cumming and touching themselves in public. Judging by the way she was shifting in her seat...

"Let me go run you a bath while you finish up. Just leave the plates out, I'll handle it. You've had a rough day." He topped up her glass before he left, fleeing before he could continue to sexualize his younger sister.

Aria mumbled a "thanks," and sighed with relief when he left her to enjoy her pasta in relative peace. She checked her phone - lots of texts. She didn't really feel particularly close to any of her new "friends," but she did get a little warm and happy feeling that there were people who thought about her and cared about her.

There were the messages from her mom and brother. She sent an "I'm okay" set of messages to her mom, working hard as usual. 

Between sips of wine she responded to Devon, joking about how what goes around comes around - school gossip had already mostly passed over her sex tape in favor of sharing Lauren's leaked nudes. Lauren was putting up a really big stink about being hacked, angry, and flattered that people would even look at her because she looked so ugly in them ('Gurl, don't even worrrryyyy - u so buetiful' Hannah and several other of Lauren's friends and fans posted). Aria would feel bad, but it was a little hard to feel pity for a narcissistic bully facing only a pale reflection of their own medicine. Lauren was dealing with leaked nudes that were tastefully and deliberately taken and edited by herself...and leaked by a burgling Aria. Aria, meanwhile, was on a fairly unflattering bathroom counter being plowed, looking like a sweaty, curled-toe mess.

Lindsay was all over the news and loving it, she was interviewed by at least six different reporters and a hot police officer about what happened. Aria was just happy she was happy. Joey was being about as protective and worried as her brother was. She was surprised to be getting texts and Snapchats from others in that general social circle that she had barely interacted with - some of which she hadn't worked her voodoo on. There were a few creeps messaging her (and how did they even get her number?) propositioning her because of the video, but they were ignored easily enough. Well, easy being subjective. Those messages would have been horrifying, traumatizing, and ruinous for normal girls. Absolutely despicable and unforgivable, even. But Aria was not the same, average, boring girl she was last week, the sort that could be destroyed by cyber bullies.

When she was finished, Aria poured herself a fourth glass and headed upstairs to a hot bath that was waiting for her. She closed the door behind her and cracked the little window above the toilet for ventilation, closing the blinds. Her brother had even remembered to leave a lighter for her scented candles. She smiled, and decided to consider forgiving him for...well, chapter 9.

She kicked off her socks and tested the water on her hands. A little too hot - she ran some cold water from the faucet and pulled down her bottoms, kicking her garments off her foot to fly across the room and hit the bathroom door. She peeled off her shirt, which was damply stuck to her back from the sweat of a long days tease. The cool breeze from an aircon vent on her skin made a shiver go up her spine. She eyed herself in the bathroom mirror. She was never that self conscious, but having a sexual awakening and all really seemed to bring out her inner vanity that she thought she had squelched at the first signs of puberty so long ago. She had a pretty average figure, she figured - maybe her curves where a little plump. Her belly was almost completely straight and smooth, but for the little divvet of her belly button. She ran her fingers up and down her body, feeling the fine, nearly invisible, blonde little hairs that covered some parts of her body like a peach. What she wouldn't give to be magically hairless... She pushed her shoulders forward, watching how her breasts rebelled against her bra, fighting to spill out - and when she flexed her upper arm muscles in addition to her pose, the very tops of her areolas peeked out from behind the slip of the Victoria's Secret villany that kept them constrained.
