 Note: Thanks again for the feedback, especially comments! 

To the one person who offered to help edit this, I would welcome it - I suck at editing and I overuse cliches/phrases/etc. Though that offer was sent anonymously, so I don't know who you "R". Anyways, since it turns out people are reading and following this series, I'm going to take the time to actually edit this before it goes up. What I've been doing so far is just typing my draft in word, copying it onto this site, and editing it in the text box because I am lazy and also formatting does not transfer onto this site very well. Which is what I also did for this chapter. Next time, I swear.

Furthermore: I have suddenly discovered that all I want is a Joey in my life (A character you will meet below). I think what matters to me is a guy who is devoted, rather than someone funny or smart or cute or strong. Yum Yum. Ladies, who's with me?

I hope I can figure out a good role for him, I like him. But if I'm being honest I have no idea where this is going. I have an idea for a school pep rally and a general direction I'm heading with Lauren. If the story seems fast paced, it's because it's on a one way train to nowhere, and I'm conducting this shit. And I don't know how to pilot a train. So let's just enjoy the sights together before I crash this thing. =3

*****

In history class Aria sat next to one of Lauren Valdevilia's primary minions, one of the girls who had teased her in the bathroom yesterday, and one of the girls in the crowd who had shouted "whore!" at her this morning. Aria forgot her name, so as soon as she had the chance she stopped time and rifled through the girl's things until she found a name. Lindsay. She was nineteen, having been held back a year, Aria guessed.

"Okay class, before I collect the practice quiz I assigned for homework, I want to go over some of the key points from Tuesday's lecture. I think it's important that we stress Napoleon's-"

"Shit" Lindsay whispered. Aria glanced over, noticing Lindsay's quiz sheet laying in her folder, unanswered. Aria smelled opportunity.

Aria scooted closer to the girl on her left, reached out and touched her arm, froze time, and stimulated Lindsay. When Lindsay looked up at Aria, she felt a twinge of desire for the girl. Aria whispered "It's okay, I got this." To the girl and started sliding Lindsay's unfinished homework towards herself.

"What?" Lindsay wondered what the hell the pregnant girl was doing, sizing Aria up, wondering is Aria was going to expose her.

"Trust me." Aria reassured her. Lindsay shook her head, thinking that even if Aria was trying to help, there wasn't enough time for either of them to copy over Aria's answers.

Aria huddled over the page so that Lindsay couldn't see her progress and started writing. Just as the teacher wrapped up her conclusion of the previous lecture, Aria froze time and finished off writing mostly correct answers into Lindsay's paper. Unfreezing time, she quickly slid it back to Lauren, who had just enough time to look over the answers before the teacher came by and collected the sheet that she realized that the answers were genuine, not bullshit meant to make her look bad.

Lindsay turned to Aria with a genuine smile on her face and mouthed "Thanks" at Aria, who smiled back. Class progressed. Lindsay found herself wondering why Aria helped her, and liked she was being compelled by some outside force, she found her hand writing a note on a scrap of paper. It read "Aria, why di"

Aria was at this point bored with freezing and unfreezing time, moving Lindsay's hand slowly to write out the message, so she sat back and tried to focus on the teacher while she waited to see what Lindsay would do. Proving that the sentiment was on her mind, Lindsay filled out the rest of the question, no influence needed.

"Aria, why did U help me??" Lindsay slid the note over to Aria.

"Because I know you're not really a bitch like Lauren. This school is cut-throat, I get it." Aria slid the note back. She actually did think that Lindsay was a bitch - but Aria was working towards a bigger and better goal here."

Lindsay read the note, and Aria paused time and did her thing. Resuming time, Lindsay felt moisture flood to her core. It was like, oh my God, somebody totally gets her. She never expected a loser like Aria to, but she totally did.

Lindsay wrote below the previous messages, "Sorry I called you pregnent. U R'nt, right?"

Aria accepted the note sliding her fingers against Lindsay's. Lindsay felt a tingle run all through her body at the contact. Aria wrote "I'm not. It's okay, I forgive you. Xoxo" and passed the note back.

Lindsay stared at the 'x's and 'o's. Hugs and kisses. She imagined kissing Aria. She glanced over at her partner in crime. Aria met her gaze, and Lindsay felt her nipples harden instantly. Lindsay didn't know what to say or write down. But she didn't want this interaction to end... How to keep it going?

Aria slid over a new note. "You have really pretty eyes, btw." Lindsay blushed as she read the compliment, incredibly turned on by the otherwise innocent sentiment. Her breathing was getting heavy, and she could feel a light throbbing between her legs. She started to write a reply.

"Thnx. ❤" Lindsay drew a little heart next to the thanks, and as she did so Aria stopped time. This was perfect, Aria thought. Aria moved Lindsay's desk out of the way and sat in the mean girl's lap. Lindsay, even though she had a bit too much make-up on and her slutty clothes were fairly tasteless, Aria found Lindsay to be just a bit sexy, in a dumb bimbo kind of way. Lindsay was the sort of girl who would give a guy a blowjob in exchange for free taco bell, and that kind of easy was a little bit hot. Aria imagined being a nympho slut like Lindsay. Aria figured she had about the same sex drive, recounting how often, and how long and hard she masturbated, but Aria had a lot more restraint than Lindsay. Aria was her father's daughter - someone who loved the feeling of sex, but she was her mother's daughter, too - determined and self-controlled (to a point).

Aria leaned in and kissed the girl she was sitting on. Of course, Lindsay was unresponsive, but her lips were soft and warm, and Aria slid her tongue in, tasting her first lesbian kiss and liking it more than she anticipated. She touched and teased Lindsay's tongue, and explored her unmoving lips. Aria then slid her hands up and down Lindsay's body.

She slid up Lindsay's shirt and unhooked the back of the girl's bra, exposing her breasts. Aria cupped them gently, weighing them in both hands, sliding her thumbs over the nubs at their centers. Aria lowered her head and gave the smooth skin an experimental lick. Relieved that Lindsay did not taste salty - meaning she had showered recently and was clean, and that she wasn't putting make-up on her boobs following that contouring trend some girls in the school were trying out - Aria slid her tongue around the surface, memorizing the shape of the frozen young woman's tits.

Aria attached her lips to the left breast and suckled it lightly, flicking her tongue on it and then giving it a hard lick with the abrasive surface of her tongue, then switched to the right breast to give it similar treatment and gently nibble on it, admiring its hardness. Lindsay was already so turned on. Aria found herself grinding her pussy into Lindsay's thigh and decided to stop before things went too far. She didn't plan to cause a scene.

When Aria returned to her seat and returned time to its normal state, she heard Lindsay gasp as she finished drawing the little heart in her message. Lindsay was on the edge of orgasm from how hard her nipples were, just by almost flirting with Aria! She released a quiet, moaning sigh. She turned to Aria, and as they made eye contact, Aria secretly twisted Lindsay's nipples, keeping her there on the edge of a boob-induced climax.

They exchanged notes through the rest of class - Aria rewarding Lindsay whenever she wrote something nice about Aria (i.e. "U have really pretty eyez 2") and especially whenever she said something negative about Lauren (i.e. "Lauren is a bitch." Or "I'm only friends with her because she's popular"). By the end of class, Lindsay was almost frantically fawning over Aria and shit-talking Lauren, getting closer and closer to cumming from the thrill of those actions. She was kissing the edge of orgasm for half an hour straight at one point, and as soon as class was over she was going to have to run to the bathroom to frig herself.

When the bell rang and everyone stood up, Aria stopped Lindsay from heading to the bathroom to finally relieve herself of her almost painful arousal and said "Hey, we should hang out sometime."

Lindsay practically had stars in her eyes as she eagerly agreed. "Yeah, we totally should." Perfect. Aria went in for a goodbye hug.

As Aria closed her arms around Lindsay and pressed her soft breasts into Lindsay's sensitive tortured nubs, Aria froze time and teased those titties furiously. She ground her knee into Lindsay's mound through the girl's yoga pants a little, then returned to the hug.

The world around Lindsay spun as she felt her nipples rub against Aria's through just a few layers of fabric and it was so erotic that she started to cum. She clutched Aria tightly, more tightly than a goodbye hug had any right to be, but Aria didn't seem to notice, luckily for Lindsay, who was using the girl for support as her knees gave out. Lindsay burrowed her nose into Aria's neck and hair, deeply inhaling her feminine scent as tremendous prickles shot from her nipples to her clit to her pussy to her breasts to her fucking nipples.

"Oh yeeeeah," Lindsay breathed into Aria's ear. 

Aria played innocent. "Sweet. Friend me on Facebook so we can start texting. I gotta get to my next class. See ya!" Aria hurried off, leaving Lindsay feeling bereft, teased and pleased, but longing for more.

When lunch time rolled around, Aria searched out the popular table where Lauren's clique sat. Aria approached. One by one, the people sitting at the table looked up at her, and one by one, whenever one of them noticed her, she froze time and teased them. They all felt like their secret crush was approaching them, and even though Aria was the "pregnant" loser slutbag they had heckled this morning, no one said anything as Aria took Lauren's usual seat. 

Aria could not WAIT for Lauren to show up. Next to her, Lindsay was beaming at Aria.

"So, like, I added you on Facebook but you haven't friended me back yet. By the way, are you on Snapchat and Insta?"

Aria froze time and rewarded Lindsay for her positivity. When the sensations hit, Lindsays warm smile turned salacious for the briefest of moments, before she made sure that everyone at the table was introduced and that they all knew that Aria was her friend.

One of the jocks, who was a friend of Kyle, the creep from Art class who had humped her, prematurely ejaculated, and gotten knocked the fuck out by a tiny hungover woman, was looking at her skeptically. Aria sent him a questioning look.

"Hey Joey, I know Kyle is your friend, and you probably heard about what happened this morning with him. I just wanted to say I hope you don't hold what happened with him against me, and I don't hold any grudge against you, you know?" Aria gave him big, innocent doe eyes.

Fuck this girl was cute. The second she was done talking to her he got the biggest hard-on for her. He was torn, suddenly he understood why Kyle would hump a loser like her, she was so damned cute. Secondly, he got the overwhelming urge to protect her. Here she was after being attacked by his dick of a best friend apologizing to him. He sank into her big warm eyes, imagining folding her into his big arms, her sweet face looking up at him.

"What the hell?!?" Lauren, holding a lunch tray with salad and a chocolate milk on it, was quaking in disdain. 

Lindsay looked up from Aria's phone - she was helping her set up a whole bunch of social media accounts. "What?" Lindsay said sharply. A little zing shot straight to her clit at the defiant tone she had used. Just like earlier in class, it was a bit exhilarating to sass the queen bee. At the same time, Joey felt kinda...tickled by that comment, and gave a small laugh.

"She's in my spot! What is she even doing here?" Most of the table stayed quiet, not feeling strongly about the issue one way or another, they just didn't hate Aria the way Lauren wanted them to. They weren't really in it to defend either Aria or Lauren here.

Lindsay spoke up. "She's my friend. She's actually really cool, Lauren." Woah, saying that felt really nice. Lindsay rubbed her thighs together. Aria didn't have to reward her anymore, Lindsay was programmed now and on a roll.

Joey also got a bit of a kick from Lindsay's statement. "Yeah Lauren, just grow up. It's just a seat." He glanced at Aria who was smiling at him. Unbeknownst to him, she had rewarded him by rubbing her hands all over his chest, and rubbing her hand over his hard shaft through his pants. All he knew was that it felt damn good to stand up for this sweet girl, and to stand up against Lauren.

Lauren ended up sitting towards the end of the table, rather in her spot mid-group, fuming. Lauren started talking with Stephanie, angrily talking in a low voice. Aria caught the words "Pregnant ho" and "ugly slut," however. Aria knew she could punish Lauren whenever she said something mean about her - teach Lauren's subconscious that being mean to others wasn't rewarding. But Aria wasn't taking the easy way out. Her plan was more nuanced, and Aria wanted to see Lauren suffer from her own pettiness.

As conversations around the table continued, Aria caught Joey's attention and told him, "Hey, thanks for standing up for me. It means a lot that you defended me." Joey's arousal at the word 'defended' was almost critical. He couldn't believe that anyone would want to hurt this beautiful, sweet, sexy, innocent, hot-as-hell, nice, cute, sultry... He wanted to be her knight in shining armor. He wanted to save her from the freaks and jerk-wads of the world, sweep her off her feet and bring her to bed where he would... He wasn't sure if in that bedroom he wanted to make sweet slow love to her, or if in that bedroom he wanted to be the predator she would need protecting from. And she would love it, thanking him for fucking her small, fragile self so hard she would break. And then he would kiss away her tears of pain as he fucking destroyed her tight little cunt, making her SCREAM, and flood her with his hot sticky cum and then gently hold her and cuddle afterwards as they were lulled into a satisfied sleep. He would fucking impregnate her while she both begged him to stop and to keep going, and then she would be the gentle perfect mother to his little children, and he would care for that family. And at night, after tucking in the kids and kissing his beautiful wife on the forehead, he would glide down her body and eat her pussy while she petted and thanked him, and then she would suck him off, her tiny mouth struggling to wrap around his big hard cock. He would fuck her throat and then the rest of her holes, and when he was done he was gonna fucking tuck her into bed so fucking good, and she would be so damn cozy, and hell yeah he was gonna make sure her feet were nice and snug under that blanket. And her innocent, sexy, sleepy eyes would peer at him kind of like how they were doing now.

Oh shit. She was talking to him. He had totally missed it. But her gentle voice pulled him sweetly from his fantasies. 

"Sorry, what did you say? I didn't hear you." He felt like he had been lightly punched in the gut (which Aria did do, as well as having been teasing his cock for most of lunch time, keeping him on edge) with the guilt of not listening to her.

"Lindsay said you were on Snapchat. Wanna add me?"

"Yes!" He answered just a little too quickly and a little too loudly. Aria blushed and looked away, smiling at his enthusiasm. She was shy, he thought. God. His cock was twitching, oozing precum. His erection was so hard it hurt. When the bell rang for lunch to end and the next round of classes to begin, he was the last one to leave the table.

It was time for AP psychology. Aria felt she had learned more about psychology in the last couple of days than she would ever learn from this class. God bless Pavlov and basic, common sense. But what was really on her mind was Devon. They had had an amazing "date" at the mall. And while she certainly wasn't in love with him, she really liked him and thought they had connected. She had been pretty damn sure of it, actually, since he was the one who kissed her. But twelve hours later and one rumor started by the school ditz and he turned on her? He was way shallower than she thought.

This classroom was a bit smaller than most, which seated around thirty to forty students each. This class would have seated maybe thirty, but the chairs in this room were set in a circle, allowing only about twenty students at a time. The teacher of this class had a bit of a King Arthur mentality of everyone being equal, and thus seated at a round table - or, as it were, a kind of oval shape, which the teacher sitting at the head of the oval. So Devon wasn't sitting directly near her or across from her, but she had a clear view of him from wherever he chose to sit, which was as far away from her as possible and slightly to the left.

Aria seethed. How could he not even pause for a moment to realize that the rumor was false. There was no hint of this rumor until yesterday, it's not like people were slowly realizing through small signs that Aria was pregnant. Aria, up until yesterday, barely spoke to anyone and had never seen a penis up close!

She weighed her options - the only two options in her mind to deal with him. Punish him - freeze time and just plain old make him pay for being such a douche. She could hit him, she could shove a finger down his throat and tickle his uvula so he would barf in front of the whole class, she could take off his clothes and throw them out the window. Or she could make him regret his attitude this morning. She could show him what he was missing. Now which of those options sounded more... fun?

As class started, she noticed that he kept on sneaking glances at her. Some remorse, maybe? Aria wasn't sure.

Devon felt bad for chewing her out this morning. But come on, if she was really pregnant, the slut shouldn't have been flirting with him at the mall all afternoon. Then again, what if it was just a rumor. From getting to know her yesterday, he was starting to suspect that she wasn't the type to deceive him or anyone. Then again, they did reach second base in a public dressing room.

Whenever Devon looked up at Aria, she froze time. Whenever he looked up at her, he felt a guilty pang in his gut, as well as a tug on his heartstrings and in his crotch. Every time he looked up at her, she looked more and more beautiful. He resolved to stop looking at her.

Because Devon hadn't looked at her in seven minutes - Aria had been keeping track - Aria knocked her pen off of her desk. It clattered to the floor, drawing every student's gaze for a fraction of a second, before everyone turned their heads back to the teacher. Except for Devon, of course, who was watching Aria slowly bend down to pick it up giving him a direct view down the front of her shirt. He could not tear his eyes away from her boobs, her perfect tits. His gaze almost burned a hole through her clothes. He remembered that pure picture of art from yesterday, in a dressing room, Aria in front of him in a tiny dress, holding the flimsy piece of cloth to her chest, the thin fabric and her hand all that was between him and those sexy mounds that he wanted to suck. He remembered that moment when she swept her hair aside revealing her back, dusting over her shoulder blades and her bright blue eye peeking back at him, her red lip protruding, calling him.
