 NOTE: So school started up again, it's my last semester at University. Happy, sad, stressful times. Lucky for you all, I have a couple of boring lectures again in which I can space out and write porn instead. 

...I can hear you judging me. I will have you know I happen to be an excellent student. I'm on the Dean's list, mofo. Double major. I'm an adult, sort of. I can zone out and write magic time-lord porn all I want, LIKE AN ADULT.

Anywho, here's this chapter. I've already started writing the next one. That does not necessarily mean it will be done soon, I've got a lot of freakin' work and another 'thesis' thingy to write for my second major. BUT let's not lose all hope. Remember, time is a construct, as Aria has taught us. Therefore, I'm not uploading late - a wizard writes exactly when they intend to, you remind me of the babe (what babe?), are you feeling lucky, punk?

So, without further ado, the school's post-orgasm. A call this chapter "Afterglow" (dramatic hand gesture).

*****

It had taken hours of work, from her perspective, but it had been worth it. While everyone else was frozen in time and space, Aria had made her most stupid fantasy come true. She got the entire school to jizz in their pants. Why? Because why the hell not? 

It was tedious work, undressing people seated on bleachers from the waist down, strapping on one or two of her few dozen sex toys to their jolly bits, one by one. And then, when she ran out of sex toys, heading back to whoever had been 'strapped in' the longest, wiping the toy down with disinfectant, redressing them and slapping that buzzing baby on the next unsuspecting subject. It was a little gross handling all these limp members and dry folds, but nevertheless, she persisted. 

She had knocked over a lot of people. She imagined more than a few had a terrible wedgie. At one point she knocked down the entire fourth row in a comical, half-dressed domino effect. She stepped on many feet, deliberately in the case of her few... less favorite school mates.

But despite the long, hard (hah!) work it was, she had some fun doing it. She turned on some music while she worked, had one-sided conversations with the people she was heaving around, commenting on their aesthetics. She took regular breaks, whenever she desired it. She had to lay down in the laps of a row of theatre kids at one point, and entertained herself by poking at one's nose. One acne afflicted student caught her eye as she saw a pimple she could not resist popping for him. She got some rubber gloves from the nurses office (which she kept using for the rest of the project, because some people's junk is nasty business) and gave it a squeeze. It burst with almost an audible pop that she could feel in her finger. It was incredibly gross, and very satisfying. Also she was too grossed out to clean the juices out of the hair of the unfortunate guy sitting in front of said acne-afflicted student. She shot some hoops. Had a waltz with somebody's sweater for a dance partner.

The payoff came much later than when she started, although it was an instant for everyone else. After chucking her duffle bag full of sex toys in a dumpster behind some shops down the street from the school, everything wiped off, of course, but she was never going to touch those toys again (Lord knows where they had been), Aria hid herself behind a cracked door with her phone camera ready. When she resumed time, the effects of having been vibrated for a quarter of an hour hit each victim all at once. She hit record, but also took mental notes.

It started with the girls. The boys followed soon after, and Aria suspected this was due to the boys having to develop some sort of erection in order to ejaculate. So even though everyone was subjected to more or less the same treatment, it was like one half of the auditorium was cumming on an inhale, and the other on an exhale.

Aria had to keep herself from loudly guffawing as she pointed the camera so that Lauren Valdevilia was in frame. Lauren was just about the one student (bar one other who appeared to have genital warts) that she hadn't touched. But that wasn't stopping Lauren. Lauren, upon noticing the odd behavior of everyone around her, at first tried to point and laugh. But then she realized that it was EVERYONE being affected but her. A look of confusion crossed her face, then determination, and then Lauren crossed her eyes and faked it. Lauren desperately grabbed onto the shoulders of the trembling girls sitting on either side of her and called out a loud "Oh YEAH" and thrust her tits out. She tried to fake the sexiest orgasm she could muster, glancing around to see if anyone was watching her. Everyone, however, was a little too preoccupied with their own scenarios to be even slightly concerned with her. This only made Lauren get louder, faker, bolder, dumber.

When Aria was done recording and most of the student body's bodies had recovered, Aria froze time and headed for a seat in the back, effectively subtly teleporting herself into the crowd, who was too dizzy to notice anything. 

The fallout was a mishmash of reactions. Plenty of people fled to the bathrooms, which quickly filled up. Most people stayed seated uncomfortably, and loud conversations built a raucous uproar that filled the gym. One common phrase and consensus was going around - the teacher's excuse made no sense. This was not food poisoning. Word started spreading that this was the fault of some kind of drug or gas. Someone decided on a truth and shared it, and so it became the new truth: the school had just been subjected to a terrorist gas attack.

The loud conversations turned panicky and higher pitched. Some people were still laughing in disbelief, but the little wave of fear from the most paranoid in the crowd was infectious. Fear of some sort of deadly neurotoxin was just to enticing of an idea to succumb to, and the student population began to stampede out of the gym.

The teachers were still trying to get everyone to calm down, and the students were ignoring them even harder than when they were trying to ignore the boring speech at the assembly. People were pushing and shoving, but the bottleneck of the doors to the gymnasium kept the evacuation slow. The atmosphere turned claustrophobic. People were fleeing like there was some sort of active shooter. But still, some of the more blasé students were chatting excitedly and already posting to social media, filming the chaos and broadcasting it live.

Aria surveyed the chaos from the top of the bleachers, guiltily making sure that no one was getting trampled. She froze time at several moments to help people up, and those people, feeling the jolt of 'teleportation' either kept falling over or freezing up with nausea. By the time most people had evacuated the gym, Aria was fed up with her prank. That took way too much set-up and clean-up. Next time, she would have to - where those sirens?

Aria escaped the horde pressing out of the school's front door and stood with her back to the school, processing. Red and blue lights flashed vibrantly, pinning the excited, scared, confused, irritated crowd of teenagers between law enforcement, several ambulances, two fire trucks, and the school. Aria was surprised at how much could happen in the ten or fifteen minutes after a school-wide orgasm. Someone bumped into Aria as they ran past her to hug and cry with a group of friends. Some kids to Aria's right broke out laughing at something or other.

Police, huh? A news van rolled up and some local reporters poured out. They started filming on a small camera (small being a subjective term, it looked huge) while another man set up another, bigger camera on a tripod. Meanwhile, the police and fireman where having a hard time keeping everyone on campus, several students arguing and trying to leave. Many students who had a sweater on them were holding their removable layers in front of their waists. Police... Aria ventured over to the news van. The man holding the mic was commenting on the chaos while the camera swept over the crowd. "...what seems to be a chemical attack..."

Wait, chemical attack? And police? People think some sort of gas bomb went off? Chemical warfare? Did that reporter just say 'terrorist'? Police...

Holy fucking shit, did Aria leave behind evidence? Aria froze time and ran back to the cafeteria, knocking over a couple of students on the way. Yeah, she had frozen time, but the sense of urgency chased her. Was she going to get put away for committing some crime? Jesus fucking christ! For a prank?

Aria took stock of the gym. It wasn't fully empty. A couple of kids sat on the bleachers talking on their phones. Several teachers were huddled in conversation. Aria tried to focus.

Were there any traces of evidence that she had done this? The antiquated iPod. She ran to the admin office to grab that. It wasn't hers, but it had been hooked up to her computer at one point. Could that be used? Well, nevermind that. She would destroy it and hide the evidence. What else? The balloons! Fingerprints, there would be fingerprints all over them. And she had blown those up manually. There would be traces of her saliva on them. Aria grabbed a thumbtack off one of the poster boards in the hall and set to popping and picking up every single balloon. Dammit. She should have left it at the confetti. But no, she had to go over the top and blow up a Party City's worth of balloons.

The painstaking and monotonous labor of popping each plastic bag o' breath and cramming them into a trash bag gave Aria the time to calm down. How would any of this be linked to her? For one thing, she had an alibi. The perks of doing everything in no time at all included never being seen doing those things. Other than the balloons and big bag of sex toys could have fingerprints or DNA on them. Just to be safe, Aria made a mental note to collect the duffel bag she had already discarded, wipe everything down again, and throw away her tools in various different dumpsters so they would be linked together. And honestly, if they thought it was a gas attack, why would anyone be looking for dildos in garbage cans around the neighborhood. Actually, the next neighborhood over. A few neighborhoods over, just to be safe.

Regret. Exhaustion was a powerful motivator for regret. By the time Aria was done, she was guessing that she had spent about a full day paying for this prank, both the set-up and the post-prank chaos management. For what? A half an hour of real-time action and now having to worry about being labeled a terrorist. Goddamnit. 

Aria poofed back to reality and ran her hand through her hair. What had she gotten herself into. The best she could hope for - nothing. Maybe some odd days at school ahead. At worse? Life imprisonment for launching a mysterious neurotoxin or other in a school zone. She sighed.

"Are you okay?" Aria looked up into a pair of concerned eyes.

Joey, a jock and loose member of Aria's new 'friend' group, reached out to touch her hand. Out of habit she froze time and rewarded him with a touch here and a hug there. Joey was one of the people she had been 'Pavlov' training. Judging by how quick she was to reward him for his concern for her and his gentle touch, Aria wondered if she hadn't Pavlov trained herself. Aria didn't particularly love the idea of having to freeze time and jerk someone whenever they were nice to her. It was a lot of work. But Joey was nice, and his 'training,' for lack of a better word, seemed to have affected him strongly. She knew he was aroused by her whenever they were in close proximity, and she had the time to notice the way he looked at her. Literally, she had taken the time to freeze everything and study it, the way he looked at her. And it was nice. He valued her. It was... nice to be valued.

"Yeah. Crazy day, huh?" Aria observed his face warm with a flush at the natural reaction to her rewards and his genuine pleasure from being around her and knowing that she was okay. Huh, he really was a sweet guy, wasn't he? Maybe a little dense, a little dumb jock, but he was a genuine good guy. And he looked so cute, all smiles, so excited to talk to her. Like a puppy. A puppy with abs.

And who doesn't play with a puppy when given the chance?

Aria took her time (literally) thinking about how best to reach him. What about her appealed to him? He was classically masculine, but surprisingly warm and protective. Joey was the kind of guy who gets a decent, respectable, but dead end job, marries and has three kids, spends sundays with "the boys" who are in fact beer-bellied, middle-aged men to watch football, and is a genuinely devoted husband. Aria respected that. Them's good people. But Aria was not the sort of girl who goes to college but drops out to settle down with her high-school sweetheart, becomes a stay-at-home-mom and PTA queen, drinks a little too much wine, and thinks getting a side of french fries at a restaurant is adventurous and - god forbid - naughty. Joey was sweet, but judging by the adoration in his eyes, she shouldn't be too forward. She didn't want him to fall in love with her. Best to leave it a crush. She shouldn't let him know his attraction was somewhat requited.. So she shouldn't have sex with him. Or at least let him know about it.

"Hey, Joey?" Joey felt a warm, light sort of punch in the gut at hearing his name. Aria stretched out her knuckles behind her back. Abs, yes. Rock hard abs. Finger crunching abs.

"Yes, Aria? On speaking her name, he felt a caressing spine tingle that made him want to sigh.

Joey was protective of her. Aria appealed to that side of him. Aria knew exactly how to drive him wild. Aria tried to make herself look small, and tilted her head down, eyes gleaming up at him. She rubbed her right arm nervously with her left arm, while also flexing her chest and shoulder to push her breasts out. She shifted her weight from one leg to the other and smiled meekly at him. She stopped only one step short of biting her lower lip and pouting. "Joey? I, I don't really understand what happened in there. Something weird happened to me. I mean I was scared but, also..." Aria glanced around herself conspiratorially and leaned in closer to him. She could see him inhaling her scent. "It kind of felt good." His nostrils flared. "I'm not weird, right?"

Joey swallowed hard. She was so cute. Fuck. She was so fucking fuck cute. Shit. His skin felt like it was magnetically being sucked towards her. He was fighting to stay back and not maul her soft pink lips and mush his frame against her and give these people around them one hell of a show.

And a show was what Aria had in mind. She cast her eyes down shyly "I am, aren't I?"

"NO! No, I mean, no, you're completely normal. Well, not normal, you're better that normal! You're - you're special. Not like that's not normal, but you're..." He fumbled for words as his grip on language slipped. It felt like a hundred hands had run over his body, drawing out trebles and shiver's his body normally didn't make, massaging shoulder that were perpetually tense from football practice and his part-time job working in a grocery store stockroom.

Aria giggled and threw her arms around him in a big hug. And she hugged him properly, pressing the whole lengths of her body into his and pressing her face into his neck and chest. She could feel his erection throbbing against her pelvis. She smirked against his skin.

Joey was going crazy. How could he feel so much in just that one tiny square inch of his skin by the collar of his shirt where he was sure her lips were smiling against him? He could feel his blood pulsing not just in his pants, but in big pulses like waves of arousal washing through his body with each heartbeat.

At Joey's broken inhalation, Aria froze time and knelt down to unwrap her package. She delicately unbuttoned his pants and lowered them down his legs, She looked up at his face and gasped at the fierce expression that greeted her - it was breathtakingly rageful and passionate. He looked like a caveman. She must have been underestimating what she was doing to him, because he looked like he had been seconds from tearing her clothes off and devouring her. And that thought was only reaffirmed as she peeled down his boxers, which stuck to his length from the residue of his sperm left there by the school-wide fappening. Revealed was his swollen member, head glistening with precum and almost purple with the raw instinct that it needed to penetrate her, to fuck her pussy hard and ejaculate deep inside her, claiming her, marking her and tainting her with his seed. He wanted to defile her, to own her, possess her, love her. Fuck her.

Aria had to kiss it. But rather than kissing it, she found herself greeting it with her tongue rather than her lips. She exhaled hotly at the taste of his sweat. Dear god, he was thick. Not necessarily long - and you couldn't exactly call it huge all considered, but dear Christ was it thick. Her pussy creamed at the thought of even attempting to stretch over that daunting, sexy mass. Is this what people called a chode? Because this was far too exciting for a dumb word like that. She reached up to stroke it, and noted that she couldn't completely wrap one hand around his girth, making her all the more eager to stroke it with both hands.

It would be fair to call Aria a nymphomaniac, considering the hypnotic state of reverence she entered upon seeing his hard, hot cock. It made her blood warm. It made her breath short. It made her panties wet. She had almost tuned out the rest of her surroundings, absorbed in her own lusty world. Almost.

She groaned as she ripped herself away from Joey and his all-consuming passion. She almost drove right back to his crotch when she re-registered her surroundings and realized she had been licking his meat-stick in the middle of the schoolyard surrounded by the frozen gazes of a thousand of her peers. If only they knew, right?

Aria pilfered the pockets of a dozen or so girls, unable to resist a few gropes here and there - and can you blame her? She had made the whole school cum senselessly and she still hadn't had the chance to get off herself. She returned to Joey with a handful of hair ties. After a bit of effort, she found one that was the right size to work like a cock-ring, that was big enough to wrap around his circumference twice, but tight enough to safely cut off any chance he had of ejaculating while it was on him. She re-dressed him.

Snuggling back into his arms, she resumed time. Joey's thoughts continued uninterrupted. How could he feel so much in just that one tiny square inch of his skin by the collar of his shirt where he was sure her lips were smiling against him? He could feel his blood pulsing not just in his pants, but in big pulses like waves of arousal washing through his body with each heartbeat.

It almost made him feel faint.

"Thank's Joey. You always know what to say." Aria lied. She had forgotten a while ago where they had left off in their dialogue. But her line did its purpose. 

Joey's blood raged when she whispered his name, his heart pounding as it registered her thankfulness. Aria leaned her head out so she could look at him and smile. His eyes locked on her's. Sucked into the blue. His shoulder missed her and felt vacant with the space she left behind. Her breasts were somehow, pressed against him even harder than before. Fuck, could he feel her nipples? His cock pulsed and his system contracted like he was going to orgasm. He swallowed hard - it hurt, but thought he held it back. Shit, no girl could make him want to shoot with just a freaking hug before. Aria... Her eyes were so bright, her body so soft, so inviting... He leaned in to kiss her.

Aria, pretending not to notice, ducked his advancing chin and dove back in for the hug. Surprised, he squeezed her to him tightly, inadvertently grinding his hardness against her, breathing a shuddering sigh into her ear.
