 Note on Note: This is a long one. If you want to get straight to the story, start reading after a line like this: -------------------------------

Note: Hello again. I think you'll all be pleased with this chapter as I'm addressing quite a few of your demands. I really like this chapter myself, though I admit I'm biased.

So here's an update on The Odd Adventures of Writing Smut. I may have mentioned that when some of my college classes get a bit dull or cover something I have already studied, I like to write this in class. With the screen dim, and zoomed out so far that even I can barely see what I'm writing. Well, I kept on making typos in class a couple of days ago, so I turned up the screens brightness, and zoomed in just a little. I've been gaining confidence in writing this in public, as it were. Or you could call it cocky, I won't disagree. Because damn it, I'm pretty damn sure I was caught.

If you read ahead, you'll notice this chapter has a preeetty raunchy scene. And because you can't just get caught not paying attention, noooo, you have to be caught at the worst part possible, let's just say I wasn't writing the first half of this chapter at the time.

So there I was, writing salacious, saucy stories, and twitching on occasion when my thoughts or writing got a little too hot to handle, I noticed something moving over my right shoulder. I froze. Then I unfroze, and slowly turned my head as casually as possible (Which, in hindsight, probably looked like me turning my head around like that girl in The Exorcism) to make sure no one was reading over my shoulder. And god damn it, I made eye contact with the student sitting one seat behind me and to the right.. EYE CONTACT. The dude knew. And because of the eye contact, the dude knew that I knew that he knew. Shit. I kind of just prayed I was wrong. It took me like two more minutes to remember that this shit was still up on screen. I slammed my laptop screen shut rather unsubtly. I swear I could feel this dude watching me for the rest of class, which was maybe another ten minutes.

So when class ended, I packed up quickly, threw on my coat and tried to hurry out of the room - again, caaasually. Which means I probably looked like a robot pretending to be human. Seriously, why is it so impossible to do anything normally when you really want to look normal? The dude was still sitting in his seat when I walked past, and he had his phone out and he was staring at the lock screen like he was checking the time, but come one. For thirty seconds? He was avoiding eye contact. Honestly, I ought to thank him for that.

And then my dirty mind crept in. WHAT IF, okay, bear with me here, WHAT IF my writing was actually sooo sultry, so salivating, that maybe he was still sitting there after class ended and pretending to look at his phone cuz my writing gave him a boner? Because, honestly, then I can dismiss him as just as depraved as I am and take it as a flattering compliment of the quality of my literature. Sort of. From now on, I am definitely sitting in the far back of the classroom. 

Anyways - Aria. I have one more thing to say to anyone curious about this story's development. So the other day I decided to search for this story on Literotica using the search bar, and I typed in the title, "Time for Some Fun" (Which I honestly don't love as a title, but I didn't think too hard about it at the time I picked it). And what did I find? TWO "Time for Some Fun Pt. 01"s! So I looked at the other one, which was written by another writer. And I'm like, wait, repost? Their description? Something about a college student with time powers. My first instinct: Rage. I was thinking "They stole my concept!" But then I remembered, Aria is in high school. Shit. I'm the college student - though granted I don't have time powers (I wish): fear. Or maybe a spinoff of my story: flattered. 

I ended up on shock, because their story was posted actually WAY before mine and is totally unrelated. I have also never read their story. By some turn of fate, I just used the same title. By accident. Unless I scrolled through the site and internalized it unconsciously. I mean, I picked the title cuz it sounded porny and click-able, there were Time powers, and a character who had a life of boredom would suddenly have a like filled with Fun. So that's a thing.

Props to that other writer, anyways. This copy of a title is totally my bad.

Anyways, Aria! Finally we get to the whole teen drama again. We've got some stuff with Lauren, Lindsay, Hannah and Jackson. Aria's tomorrow (next chapter) will bring us back to Monday: School, another assembly, more drama, and maybe even some Mr. Krocker. I hope you enjoy! 

*****

So, it turns out that locked doors pose a problem. Even for time wizards.

Aria had parked her car down the block and walked up to the gilded gates of Lauren's house (frikkin mansion, more like) carrying a gym bag full of ill-gotten goodies. She stood in the quiet, frozen world at the front door, wondering how the heck she was supposed to break in.

Yes, she had circled the house looking for open windows and back doors - all closed, latched and locked. She had considered breaking a window, but Aria didn't want to leave a trace of her break in. There was no key hidden under a doormat or rock near the door. And, since this is Aria we are talking about: Yes, she did consider driving her car through a wall and getting in that way, and yes she considered hopping in the chimney like mother-fucking Santa Claus. She eliminated these possibilities because Lauren's parents were not the criminals here, and knew they would be footing the bill and it wouldn't make the she-devil cheerleader flinch. A noble consideration yes. Absolutely nothing to do with the fact that those plans sounded dangerous. Definitely not.

Last night in bed when she had been plotting and scheming, she had been too concerned with thinking up horrific 90s-esque hollywood film pranks to inflict on her nemesis to consider this first obstacle. A goddamn locked wooden door. 

Aria pulled out her wallet and took out a library card. She's seen in movies how some people miraculously open locked doors with credit cards. She was pretty damn sure it was on crappy indoor locks, but hell, it was worth a shot, right? She slipped what she loosely hoped to be a bond movie, rare and complex, completely overpowered infiltration device into the door crack and started sawing away.

Obviously, nothing was happening. She kept hacking away at the door crack, considering the ever-appealing merits of arson. She tried twisting it like a key, and SNAP, the card split in half. Goddamnit. She was gonna have to pay a five dollar replacement fee for that. Aria added it to the list of Lauren's numerous heinous crimes.

Aria stepped back and puzzled over it some more. Lock picking? Aria let herself into the Lauren's neighbors' house (THEY left their door unlocked. Typical.) and collected a handful of safety pins and hairpins and a needle-y things, returning to Lauren's fortified vault of a front door. She poked around the lock for a bit before pulling up a Youtube tutorial on her phone.

She was still kind of impressed at the internet speeds she was getting when time was frozen - it was like she was the only person in the world using the internet and all its buffering powers were lent to her curious fingers and old smartphone.

Aria spent what felt like an hour between watching tutorials and fiddling with the lock. Finding no luck, she watched some more Youtube videos, looking for more ways to break in. And what a colorful spectrum of burgling techniques there were to be found. Bump key, huh? She needed to get herself a bump key. She quickly ordered one on her phone. Next time she was breaking and entering, that might make things a whole lot easier. Not that she was considering breaking and entering again. That would be a crime, and crime is wrong.

Aria switched tactics and tried to fireman kick the door open. Ow. Don't try to fireman kick a mahogany front door open. Noted. Back to Youtube.

One thing led to another and now Aria was watching an Ocean's Eleven blooper reel. She was kind of ready to give up. This door was really killing her enthusiasm, you know? Oh look, "social experiment" videos. The reality TV of the internet!

Another 'hour' later, Aria was fired up again. After a social experiment video on bullying, then some sad bullying videos and then the mistake of checking her social media - if you'll recall, Lauren had uploaded some... compromising... footage of Aria online. 

Aria kicked at the door, gripping the door handle and shaking it violently. How the hell was she supposed to get in? She was a motherfucking TIME LORD. HOW IS THIS STUPID DOOR keeping her out? What she wouldn't give for a little telekinesis right now?

Aria slammed her fist into the door, her hand stinging as it bounced off. She rubbed her hand and paced. How could she open the door? How could she get the door opened? Who could get past this? Who could open the door? How does the door open. How does someone... open it? Someone. It doesn't have to be me, Aria thought, and it doesn't have to be from this side. Her hand hurt...

Aria applied her palm to her forehead. God, it was so simple. Aria was making the mistake of relying on her time powers. The power wasn't in being able to walk in a frozen world as opposed to a waking one. The real power was to be able to switch between the two. All Aria had to do was knock. Knock! Or, well, ring the doorbell.

Aria threw her gym bag into a bush, rang the doorbell, hid, and started time up again. Half a minute later the door opened, and Aria froze time again. Lauren's vacant stare greeted the wide world curiously, wondering why there was no one at the door, unfamiliar with the concept of a ding-dong-ditch.

Aria slipped past her and greeted her with a hearty slap on the butt as thanks for letting her in. Aria hurried up the stairs a tried doors, looking for Lauren's room. She knew she found it when she struck pink. 

Lauren's room was very feminine. Startlingly feminine. Plastered on her walls were floral prints and posters of Justin Beiber, One Direction, Justin Timberlake, and almost every male celebrity with a passable body. The room stank of perfume or scented candles or a cross between hairspray and deodorant. The fluffy white carpeting was covered in pink rugs that more or less matched the shade of her walls, or, the parts of wall that were not covered by teen heartthrobs.

Lauren had an attached bathroom, and it was absolutely disgusting. The shower drain was clogged with hair, every inch of counter space was covered with half empty shampoo bottles, tubes of lipstick and lipgloss, 80 varieties of face make-up, and hairbrushes with wads of hair tangled into them. On the wall Lauren had taped up a few selfies of herself and her friends, and it struck Aria as an odd place to put them. The floor was littered with tampon wrappers, makeup wipes and little ripped bits of toilet paper. How was Aria supposed to sabotage Lauren's stuff when Lauren had already sabotaged herself? Aria nearly called it a day.

Gritting her teeth, Aria set to work. She dumped her bag on a relatively safe patch of ground, untainted by Lauren's handiwork, and rummaged through her supplies. She grabbed item number one. Kicking Lauren's shower curtain open (unwilling to touch the thing with her hands) Aria located a few bottles of shampoo and conditioner. She picked them up and shook them. Three of them were empty. The rest she placed on the bathroom counter after sweeping a square foot of assorted make-up onto the floor. Aria opened up their caps and poured out a fair amount of the contents down the sink. Then she took the "Nair: America's #1 Hair Removal Brand" and refilled the containers. She shook up the bottles to blend the contents and mask the smell of her special formula and returned the bottles to the shower.

Aria found a couple of toothbrushes. She didn't know why Lauren needed two. Maybe one was her on-again off-again creeper boyfriend Kyle's? Well, Aria wasn't his biggest fan, either. She used the toothbrushes to scrub the toilet. Aria smirked to think that she was leaving the bathroom a little bit cleaner than when she entered it (if you didn't count the make-up on the floor, but really, it blended in with the rest. No harm, no foul). She put the toothbrushes back in their holder.

Aria found Lauren's underwear drawer and retrieved her vial of itching powder from the party store. She had looked at the ingredients and was somewhat convinced that the stuff was actually just fibreglass dust, but hell, at this point Lauren deserved it. Aria carefully applied it to the crotch of all of Lauren's panties, making sure to use rubber gloves, and when she was done, disposing of said gloves in a ziploc bag. 

Aria looked around the room searching for anything she could use. She found a vent, opened it up, and put in a raw fish from the grocery store inside it. Aria used scissors to poke a hole in a few of Lauren's more expensive-looking closet items. She lifted the sheets off of a corner of Lauren's queen sized bed and poured a quart of milk into it, then covered it up again with the sheets. What else, what else? Bingo! Aria found Lauren's toy collection. Because of course Lauren Valdevillia would have one. Aria took out all the batteries and smacked them around a bit, hopefully breaking one or two. She took the big purple one downstairs, wrote Lauren's name on it in sharpie, and stuck it behind a couch cushion for a parent to find.

Back in the bedroom, Aria located Lauren's laptop. It seemed that Lauren had been watching Friends on Netflix when she rang the doorbell. Aria hadn't planned on this ahead of time, but couldn't resist. She did the unthinkable - she changed the scroll bar on a few episodes so that Lauren would lose her place, and to take the cake, she fucked up her Netflix queue. Aria then pulled up all of Lauren's social media sites and set to the real work.

She knew that the internet is forever, and having Lauren delete the video's did not mean a few dozen perverts hadn't already downloaded the files and images that had been posted, but taking down the worst of it was easy enough. She located the files on the computer and deleted those, too, making sure to completely erase them from the hard drive as she had Googled how to do the night before.

Aria made some nice new posts for Lauren instead. On twitter, Lauren now proudly declared "OMG you guys I was so worried for a sec, but my Chlamydia test had positive results. I'm clear!" Aria recognized that some of Lauren's followers and friends might genuinely believe that a positive STD test result was a good thing, but she trusted the majority of the population to know better. At least, she hoped so. 

On Instagram, Aria posted a picture of the biggest, blackest, ugliest, weirdest dildo she could find in the sex store framed by Lauren's bed sheets, with captions and hashtags like #dildosareagirlsbestfriend, #loosepussylyfe, and "anyone know where I can get a bigger one with a stronger engine?"

Aria had another idea and went to Lauren who was still out by the front door. She felt around her pocket until she located her phone. It was locked, but luckily Aria was able to open it with the touch of Lauren's fingerprint. Aria scrolled through the photo album. She, of course, found nudes. Aria returned Lauren's favor and shared those with the world. She was only a little bummed that the nudes were somewhat tasteful and Lauren looked decent in them. But she was too lazy at this point to model the time-freeze mannequin that was Lauren for some new ones, from bad angles that would give the witch multiple chins and belly rolls.

Aria packed up her things and prepared to leave. She found a house key in Lauren's purse. She undressed Lauren, and closed the door and locked the two of them outside the house. Then Aria squished her fist into Lauren's lower belly, putting as much pressure on the girl's bladder as she could. Aria slipped the key into her pocket and blew a kiss to the naked and stranded Lauren as she left.

Aria started up her car, and drove past the Valdevillia house one more time before she left, seeing a naked villain pissing herself and pounding on the front door. Who would have thought that a wooden door could prove to be so difficult to open?

"WTF!" was the phrase (Words? Letters? Mantra?) that Lauren kept muttering. "WTF!"

Lauren Valdevillia was cowering in her backyard, naked and sticky and kind of cold. She was cold, you know, because her legs were wet. Like they were warm when she was pissing herself (ew) but like now they were super cold because they were wet. She was stuck outside of her house and she didn't know why. One moment she had been answering the door, the next she had been wetting herself. Thank god she had been naked, at least she didn't ruin her clothes. No, wait. No that was bad. She wished she had clothes. 

To make things worse, she was pretty sure one of her next door neighbors, Mr. Tortenson, was creeping on her from his upstairs window. Gross.

So she had knocked on her own door and rang the doorbell a bunch before she remembered that her parents were at church. And she couldn't find her phone anywhere or she would have called them for help. WTF!

Mr.Tortenson was such a freak. Fuck. Lauren shook her head to try and clear her mind. She had nothing to cover herself up with. She didn't want to be naked. She looked at the pool. Fuck it. She went to skinny dip. Hopefully it was harder for Mr.Tortenson to make out what she looked like underwater. It made her feel better, at least. Lauren swam laps until her parents came home. When they did, she yelled at her mom to bring out a towel. She wrapped herself up and ran up to her room. 

But as she was crossing the foyer, something small, white and shiny caught her eye. Curious about it, since it was by the front door where this whole situation thing started, she walked over an picked it up. It looked like a broken credit card, or a... a library card. But like, only half of it. Interesting. But not nearly as interesting as the name printed on the front of it. What. The. Fuck.

When Aria got home, she was surprised to see an unfamiliar car parked in her driveway. Aria stepped into her house and was greeted by laughter and giggles. She dropped off her purse and keys by the door and walked into the kitchen, where her brother Jackson was trying not to drown under the flirtations of Hannah and Lindsay, who were hanging off of him like coats on a coat-rack.

"So I can chalk up you and Aria's good looks to good genes then." Aria overheard Lindsay say. She was running a finger suggestively up and down Jackson's arm.

"Speaking of good genes," Hannah added, "you look really good in those jeans." Hannah moved her hand dangerously close to somewhere inappropriate. Aria cleared her throat.

"Oh my god, Aria! I've been trying to get a hold of you for, like, ever! Are you okay?" Lindsay peeled herself off of Jackson and charged into Aria's arms for a hug. Aria, touched by Lindsay's concern, froze time and rewarded Lindsay with some...err...pats. Gotta reinforce those positive behaviors.

"I can't believe someone did that to you!" Wait, wait wait wait. Someone?

"Someone? Lauren did that."

"What? No, she wouldn't..." Aria froze time again. Bad behavior. Smack!

"...would she? Ow" Lindsay felt a sudden guilty feeling like a punch in the gut. "She totally, would, wouldn't she?" Lindsay looked distressed. She turned to Hannah and asked, "What do you think?"

Being directly addressed snapped Hannah out of a distracted reverie. "What?"

Aria was curious and repeated the question. "Do you think Lauren uploaded the video?"

"What video?" Goddamnit, Hannah.
