 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Alex sets up a new website where the avatars become puppet slaves for the players, but a strange visitor to the site changes everything.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Alice surprised herself at how rapidly she was able to adjust to her new situation in life now that she was no longer being tortured nightly and had some idea of what was happening to her. One plus was that she was able to quit her job and live very well on her share of the website revenues. She also slept relatively well. Some nights she would be aware of all of the attention that her avatar body was receiving, but most nights she would sleep soundly and wake up with a satisfied afterglow that could come only from a night of fabulous sex.

One drawback, if you could call it that, was that "normal sex," if there was such a thing, became a little tricky. Alice could not stay overnight and had to be sure that she did not fall asleep afterwards. One young man, with whom she had fallen asleep, told her the next morning that she was fantastic and amazing, but that another night like that would kill him. Another time she had fallen asleep at a neighbor's house while watching a chick flick with a couple of her female friends. Two of the four women began avoiding her after that and turned very red whenever they looked at her. The neighbor kept calling and asking if she would like to "come over for the evening." The fourth told her over coffee that Alice had totally changed her mind about girl on girl sex. Alice, for her part, could remember the night only as soaring from orgasm to orgasm through a foggy haze of pleasure.

Recently, however, Alice again began to experience occasional nights that were nearly as bad as it had been on the Alice Screams website - only different. She would dream that she were in combat with other avatars or that other avatars were hunting her down to rape her or beat her or even kill her.

She began to press Alex to remove her from the websites. But he kept saying that if he had been correct about the length of time that the Coughmex wanted the sites on line she could safely have the implant removed in another few months and "retire" to a life of leisure, pleasure, and good dreamless sleep.

Alice asked him directly if there were other websites. He promised her there were not, but Alice held no illusions about what he would or would not do to her. Something had changed and Alice knew that Alex was probably responsible. She began searching the web for anything that might be a new website from him. She even hired several hackers to look for her avatar anywhere on the web. 

As they began reporting back to her, she was surprised to learn how widespread images of her had become. There were screen shots, stills and crude video captures all over the internet. One of her hackers asked her if she knew why none of the capture programs could accurately capture high quality videos from the "Alice Moans" website. She didn't know. Another hacker suggested quite graphically that he had the equipment that could make her moan louder than her avatar. She responded with the suggestion that she had enough money to make him disappear longer than Jimmy Hoffa. He got the hint and stuck to the business he was hired to do after that.

Despite all her digging, however, Alice and her minions found nothing. It wasn't because there was nothing to find. She did not discover Alex's "Anything for You" website partly because Alex had carefully scrubbed his code of anything that would link it to his other sites. Partly it was because Alex modified the names of the avatars. But mostly it was because two of her hackers were already free members of all of Alex's websites and had personally written protection bots to sabotage anyone else's search attempts for anyone from any of the sites.

In addition to that, as soon as Alex became aware that Alice was searching for his new site, he had taken her off the site - more or less. Alice was still on "Anything for You," but she was now just the host so there was no emotional response triggered by her avatar that could be sensed by the real Alice. Her name was also spelled Alyce. That wasn't much, but it would prevent basic searches from finding any stills or videos that a member might post. And Alex's hackers were continually looking for and scrubbing out any of those posts.

Alex knew that it was dangerous to use Alice's avatar when she was looking for it all over the net, but the reality was that she was, by far, his best avatar, and people logged onto his website just to see her. Only six players could "play" on the site at one time, but the lowest sign-on numbers for a session with Alyce as host were way over 500. It costs $50 to play and $2 to watch. That worked out to $300 per session from the players and over $1000 a session for lurkers. At 2 sessions per hour, that totaled $60,000 a day, a large portion of which depended upon the charms of avatar Alyce.

Tonight Alyce was dressed in a micro-small pair of pink panties and an equally small pink bra. She had been dressed in more than that, but now a pile of clothing lay at her feet. "All right out there," she said to the screen. I know you are watching, but we need..." she pointed at her bra, "one," then she pointed at her panties, "two more players before we can begin."

A chime beeped and "SaintLouis_009" appeared on the screen in the list of players. Alyce's bra floated through the air to join the pile of clothing.

"One more and then we start." Alyce wiggled her hips and continued, "And if everybody tips me just five credits, I will do my dance for you before the games begin."

Everything on the site was stated in "credits" rather than dollars or euros or any other national currency. The members thought it was so they didn't have to convert money numbers in their heads, but actually it was so they didn't think about how much they were actually spending. Also, everyone had to buy credits in advance and not everyone spent everything they bought, so there was always a large "float" of cash in the credit accounts that was cash in the bank for Alex.

A buzzer sounded and "GreyHacker" appeared in the player list. Alyce's dress floated over to the pile of clothing and she now stood nude as the screen image panned up and down her perfect body. A counter recorded credits being "tipped" and after a few moments what sounded like a New Orleans jazz band began playing. Alyce said, "I promised, so, here it is," and began a bump and grind gyration that showed the perfection of her body and of the animation which created it. 

As the "camera" zoomed in on her breasts and pussy, it was impossible to tell that it was not a real woman dancing for the cameras. The slight goose bumps near her mound where hair had been removed were clear in the close ups, and as she continued to prance and gyrate, her body began to acquire the sheen of slight perspiration one would expect from a dancer under hot lights.

Finally the music ended and Alyce addressed the players. "OK. It is time to choose your avatar. Remember, he or she will do whatever you tell them to do, but at the same time you must defeat the other avatars in order to win the game. You can defeat your opponent in one of three ways. You can restrain them so that they cannot escape. You can force yourself upon them - remember any penetration is sufficient to complete the act. Or you can kill them. The winner receives six free plays good at any future time. Is everyone ready?"

"Choose your avatar."

The screen flickered slightly as thumbnails of various avatars appeared next to the players names. Five avatars already showed on the screen when a buzzer sounded and a large red X appeared next to GreyHacker.

Alyce addressed the screen, "I'm sorry, GreyHacker, I am not available for this game. What you see is not what you get. Please choose another avatar."

The screen suddenly lost quality and a black bar appeared across the bottom of the screen. In white letters it said, "This is GreyHacker speaking directly to Alex. If you let me control Alyce for the night, I will give you a new website more fabulous that you could ever dream of creating on your own."

In Alex's apartment his intrusion alarms brought him immediately to his monitors. Someone was hacking his site. He read the message and said out loud, "Whoever he is, he has to be good because he got past the Coughmex protection system and past everything I put on it on top of that."

"How can I trust you?" Alex typed back and the words appeared on everyone's screen.

"Highlight my name on your monitor," came the reply.

Everyone who was logged in immediately highlighted GreyHacker on their screen, but only on Alex's screen did the "ey" of "Grey" change to a red "op" And "acker" morphed on the screen to a red "mech." The name now read GropHmech.

Alex breathed a soft "Shit!" under his breath and typed one word, "Agreed." A few keystrokes later Alyce's thumbnail appeared next to GreyHacker's name.

A new message appeared in the black bar at the bottom of the screen. "This is GreyHacker speaking to all other players in this session. I have taken over the game for this session. There will be no losers. You will all receive double the winner's reward for this game, but I will set the rules of the contest. We will all win if you play by my rules. If you do not agree to these terms, log off now."

After a few moments the message became, "I assume you all are willing. Follow Alyce to the hilltop and form a circle around her. She will tell you what to do."

A few moments later two male and three female avatars stood in a small circle around Alyce who was kneeling nude in the grass. She was breathing deeply and appeared to be a mixture of very afraid and very horny. She was stroking herself softly, one hand on her breast and the other sliding between her legs. She said softly, "If this works, I can die happy."

None of the players could understand what she had said, but Alex, watching the code calls stream past on his interface wrinkled his brow at the cryptic comment. Once more Alyce spoke softly, "Alex, the download will begin now." Again the players could not hear for sure what she had said, but Alex could read it on his interface. Suddenly the interface showed something else happening. A huge set of files was being downloaded directly to his primary server. The directory was labeled, "The Hunt."

Alyce spoke again, this time very loudly and very clearly. "Beat me," she said. "Beat me until my ass is bloody and I scream myself horse. It is what you would have wanted to do to put me out of the contest." Alex again was watching the game monitor screen. Alyce was kneeling upright in front of one of the other women. She was holding a black paddle on the palms of her hands, offering it to the standing avatar who was dressed as an amazon. 

"Use this," she said. When the blond amazon took the paddle, Alyce turned and lowered her forehead to the ground so that she presented her ass cheeks for the beating. Whoever was controlling the Amazon wasted no time in warmup swats, but instead began pummeling Alyce's ass with all the power the avatar could deliver. 

At first Alyce responded with slight whimpering, almost as if she were being turned on by the blows, but as her ass reddened and began to turn purple from the blows, her whimpers turned to cries of pain, each louder than the last until she suddenly screamed a great, high scream and fell forward onto the ground.

The screen wavered slightly with the same loss of quality that had accompanied GreyHacker's first message and the Amazon avatar disappeared. An avatar that looked like one of the little grey men of UFO myths walked into the screen carrying two buckets. He emptied them over the prone Alyce who trembled and screamed and then returned to her kneeling position with her body totally restored.

She was now kneeling before one of the male avatars. This one was dressed as Tarzan. She motioned to the other male, dressed as something that looked almost like Batman, to move around behind her. "You both would have forced yourself upon me to win the game. You," - pointing to Tarzan - "would have used my mouth. You," - pointing to Batman - "wanted my ass."

She laughed, looked out at the screen, and added, "Aren't there any men out there who just want to fuck a girl in the pussy anymore?"

She then directed her comments to the two male avatars in the game. As she began to speak, their costumes suddenly disappeared and they stood there naked. "Tarzan and Batman, I want it hard; I want it rough; and I want it long." 

With that, Alyce backed up against the one male and pulled the other toward her mouth. On her hands and knees between them, she wiggled her ass against the now hard prick of the Batman avatar while she reached out with her tongue to lick the tip of Tarzan's vine. 

It was avatar sex, and on most websites, it would have been almost comical, but since the emotional responses of these avatars were coming from human brains processing the action of the game, the responses on screen were real. Somewhere in a bed in Russia, a young college male was having a wet dream about anal sex, and on the east coast of the United States, a middle-aged insurance salesman was hugging his wife tightly in his sleep as he dreamt about a blow job that she would never give him.

It was avatar sex, but it was hot and it was steamy and it was worth watching. When it was finally over, Batman and Tarzan were exhausted and Alyce was barely conscious between them. Again the screen flickered and the two avatars disappeared. The little grey men came out with their buckets of water. Alyce screamed they poured it over her, but once again she was renewed and refreshed and kneeling between the remaining two women. 

"I think you know what these are," she said as two wands appeared in her hands. "You were regulars on my torture site for many sessions." As the two avatars took the wands from Alyce's hands, she stood up and added, "There are no limits. You may begin. You will know when it is over."

Alyce stood with her hands over her head and her legs spread wide as if she were tied between two poles. The two women began poking and prodding with the wands. As each wand approached Alyce's skin a small lightning bolt would snap from the tip of the wand. If held close to the skin, the arc would continue for some time. It held farther from the skin, the arc was just a snap, but the arc contained much greater power.

Alyce jumped and twitched and screamed with each thrust of the wand but did not move from her position. One of her tormentors began repeatedly targeting her nipples with the wand's lightning. The other, not to be outdone, slowly moved toward Alyce's clit. Alyce was now yelping loudly with each bolt of electricity. Her tormentors were trying to get new levels of response from her, but what can you do after you have hit someone's clit with a lightning bolt?

Both women must have gotten the idea at the same time, because they looked at each other and simultaneously said, "Now!" as they both pulled their wands far back from Alyce's body and together plunged them deep into her cunt with one swift stroke. Alyce's eyes went wide, she gave one low grunt, and collapsed to the ground.

A large red "Game Over" sign flashed on the screen.

Meanwhile, in the real world, Alice woke screaming in her bed and began a mad dash for the bathroom.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

END CHAPTER THREE OF SIX

Please remember to vote by clicking on one of the stars at the end of the story. 

If you really liked it, click 5. If you really hated it, click 1, but please click something.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 