 The ad on the Internet site seemed innocent enough

Hi, 

Are you a cruel, dominant, sadist with a totally perverted mind?

If so, I need to serve you. This is simple enough; no bullshit. Use me as an object. For you, sex is just a way for you to blow your wad and I am just the means to that end. Tie me up, beat me, sodomize me, I don't care. Let's face it, you hate me. 

Why am I like this? Five years ago, I went crazy. I don't know why I am so fucked up in my head and I don't really give a shit anymore. When I look at myself, I see a woman, the world sees me as a woman, but when I am with a man, some part of my brain goes nuts. It tells me that I am really a man, brainwashed by some homosexual sick fucks that watch me and laugh at me as I try to please them. My life is some sick experiment where these assholes sliced off my dick, replaced my balls with a vagina, and then added sacks of lard to my chest just so they could point and laugh at me as I tried to make sense of it all. I am nothing and I want you to treat me so. 

Innocent, normal, just your average pervert with low self esteem issues wanting someone to submit to. Fairly common except... he couldn't quite put his finger on it. The timing was right. The Agency had terminated the Program five years ago. 

The "Homosexual sick fucks" could be Parker and Calvin. It had been disgusting watching them work. They way those two got off observing their experiments cringing in pain. They made Dr. Mengela and his SS cronies look like a bunch of kids playing doctor. The Nazis, at least, had to go out and find people to torture. Parker and Calvin simply made their own. The world had been made a much better place when the Agency terminated the Project along with its two chief researchers. The thing in the ad that really sang out to him though was the male/female personality issues. That could be a result of the memory transfers. 

The trail had gone cold. This was the first lead in months. It could be her. He scrolled over and clicked on the reply icon and began typing.

Do you want to know what's wrong with you? Do you really want to know what happened five years ago? Are you strong enough for the truth?

I doubt it, you lazy bitch but I will tell you anyway. 

You are an experiment that the government has disavowed. With the current administration's negative attitude toward torture, the Agency decided it needed another way to gather information. The Program was setup to research ways to directly access and manipulate a person's memories. You were one of the test subjects. The blank periods in your memory starting five years ago are from trauma that occurred following your inception and experimentation. Your desire to be subjugated is a direct response to the drugs and psychological manipulation experiments. 

I don't necessarily want to help you; to me you're just another cheap fuck. In the end, however, an abusive environment may drive your subordinated and repressed consciousness back to the forefront. If this happens, you will be back to normal, whatever that happens to be. 

Of course you should ask yourself how I know all of this. I know things that only someone high in the Agency should know but I will tell you that I am not with the Agency.

What are you willing to do to learn more? What are you willing to endure to know the truth? 

He hit SEND. Now the waiting began. 

Three days later, he had his response. After a few emails, he was sure it was her. He set up a time and place to meet and headed to the hardware store. There were a few things he would need and Home Depot, the BDSM superstore, had them all.

The next day, he waited patiently in the hotel room. She should be here anytime now- it was almost two. The room was cheap but clean. He had used this place before. Nothing fancy but he didn't need fancy. The air-conditioning struggled to keep the Texas heat outside. It was losing the battle. A picture of a bullfighter hanging on the wall perfectly complimented the tackiness of the garish colored blankets covering the room's two beds, There was a knock at the door. He switched off the television and said "Come in." The door swung open and woman in her mid-twenties stepped in. 

"Don't say anything," he told her. "Before we begin, we have to establish one thing- at anytime, you can decide you don't want to know the truth. All you have to do to make me stop is say a single word- one word, a simple, happy word and I will stop. All you have to do is say Smurf and I will stop and you can leave. Of course, then you will never discover the truth. Are you ready to begin your journey of discovery? Don't speak, just nod." She nodded.

"Stand over here and take off your clothes." The woman moved to where he pointed and began to unbutton her shirt. "Place your clothes on the dresser." She removed the shirt slowly and tossed it onto the cheap faux wood laminate top of the dresser. "Fold it," he said curtly. She picked the shirt up and carefully folded the shirt. She turned back to face him and then began removing her bra. He made no comment as her large breasts were exposed. She folded the bra and placed it carefully on top of the shirt. She was obviously nervous but continued and unzipped her skirt. She let it fall to her ankles. "Turn around," he directed. She stepped out of the skirt and turned to face the dresser. She obviously knew what he wanted. Her fingers found the thin material of her panties and drew them down. Without direction, she bent over as she did so, giving him a perfect view of her ass. She paused momentarily with the panties around her ankle; then stepped carefully out of them. She gathered the skirt and panties, folded each and placed them on top of the shirt and bra. She turned to face him

"Your shoes too." She seemed a little surprised. Perhaps most men she knew liked the way a pair of really high heels shaped a woman's legs and butt. He did as well but there wasn't time for that today. Her eyes rolled slightly screaming Whatever, but she turned around, bent again at her waist to remove the shoes. She was a little off-balance, with her feet together and her ass in the air. Good, he needed to keep her that way. She unbuckled her right shoe, a strappy little black thing, and placed her foot on the floor next to it. Dark red polish, freshly done, like five tiny stop signs, but he wasn't going to stop now. Neither was she. She didn't seem too upset about losing the shoes. Perhaps she wasn't that used to this high of a heel, he thought as she took off the other shoe and spread her stance giving him an unobstructed view of her pussy. 

"Come over here." He removed his sunglasses and placed them carefully on the bedside table. She stepped forward to stand just in front of the chair. He adjusted the lampshade, throwing a glaring circle of light unto her naked body. He leaned forward, lifted her right breast, and then tweaked her nipple to watch it harden. His inspection was clinical. "Turn around," he said. She did so. "Now bend over and place your hands on the bed." She spread her legs again and gave him the view of her pussy he wanted. 

"Your designers did good work," he said with more emotion than he intended. It was a really beautiful pussy and he was letting the wrong head do the thinking. Back to business. His fingers found her pussy and began to trail along the edge of her labia. 

"I will give you some information for free," he said. "You were genetically designed as a lab experiment- part clone and part genetic design. The Agency needed test subjects for the experiments in memory retrieval. The first tests had been on drunks and homeless people the Agency kidnapped. The results were inconclusive; the subjects were too fucked up from alcohol and drugs for the results to be trusted." She was very aroused now and very wet. His fingers entered her and she moaned slightly. He pulled his finger out. "You may not cum unless I tell you." She nodded. He used his finger, dripping with her wetness to draw small circles around her anus. "Where was I? Oh, yes, Average test subjects were needed. A plan was created to create the perfect subject, a human lab rat, so to speak. People alone, out in the middle of nowhere, were kidnapped, drugged, and taken to a lab. After cell samples were taken, the sick assholes at the Agency paraded around in alien costumes until the victim regained consciousness. The resulting alien abduction stories were never seriously investigated by the police." He continued to play with her pussy and ass until it becomes obvious that her back was complaining from leaning over at such an uncomfortable angle.

"Let's see how committed you are to the truth." He levered himself out of the room's overused easy chair. "On your knees." She turned and knelt in front of him. "Undo my pants and take out my cock." As she reached up to undo his belt, he grabbed her hands and shoved them onto the bulging erection in his pants. "Are you sure you still want this?" he asked. She nodded. "Tell me," he ordered. 

"I want to know the truth," she said in a hushed voice.

"It doesn't offend you that I am forcing you to feel my hard cock?"

"No."

"Is that because you want the truth or because you are just a dirty slut?" 

"I want to know the truth," she replied meekly.

"Enough to suck a complete stranger's cock?"

"Yes," she said. 

"Enough to take it in your mouth and enjoy the taste of the precum? Enough to lick and suck my cock like it is the center of your existence? Enough to drink my cum and beg for more?"

"Yes," she replied.

"I think you are just a slut and not deserving of the truth." 

"Please," she said. "I need to know."

"I don't believe you."

"I do, please," she begged.

"Tell me that you will suck my cock for the truth."

""I want to suck your cock to know the truth."

"Tell me you want to swallow my cum to know the truth."

"Please let me swallow your cum so that I may know the truth." 

"Prove it." He unzipped his pants and pulled out his erect penis. "Show me that you are worthy. Suck my cock and show me that you truly desire the truth." She leaned forward and began licking at the shaft of his cock, starting at his balls with long deliberate movements of her tongue. As the head of his cock swelled, she suddenly took it into her mouth and began to suck and slurp on it with a fervor. His hands buried themselves in her hair, as her head bobbed and pumped at his cock. Her fingers caressed his balls and then moved to press firmly at the base of his erectile tissue, just below his scrotum. It brought him instantly near to orgasm.

"Stop," he said reluctantly. "You are not worthy to taste my cum yet." A line of spit trailed from his cock to her pouting lips as she leaned back. She reached up and broke the glistening connection with one polished fingertip.

He walked over and opened the top dresser drawer, pulling out a large plastic painter's tarp, and then spread it over the bed. He followed it with a plain, white sheet. "Lie down," he told her.

She crawled onto the bed and lay down obediently. He walked up to the head of the bed and pulled a strap from under the mattress. "We will see how committed to the truth you are." He attached the strap to her wrist. He walked around the bed and did this for both feet and her other hand. He sat on the edge of the bed and began running his fingers over her body. "The designer did such fine work. You are completely believable as a normal human." His hands toyed with her breasts, tweaking her nipples. "They respond so well. Hmmm, that gives me an idea." 

He got up and quickly began putting on his clothes. "Don't go anywhere," he said with a smirk." I will be back shortly." He tied his shoes and walked to the door and left.

He imagined her lying there, worrying that he had left her tied up as some sort of cruel practical joke. In her mind was the desire to obey, fighting with the anxiety of being abandoned. She might tug at the restraints and might even be able to wiggle her hand free. It was only Velcro packing straps, after all. He got what he needed and returned to the room. She seemed startled. He had been right, she had been testing her bonds.

"That took a little longer than I expected." He was carrying a container of ice and two bottles of soda. "They were out of Dr. Pepper, I hope you like Coke." He placed the ice on the nightstand and opened his soda. He took a long drink and then splashed some onto her exposed stomach. She gasped in surprise. He laughed and began to lick the spilled soda off of her skin. Then his hands began exploring her body; not like a lover, but like a scientist inspecting a specimen. "Amazing work." His hands caressed and played with her breasts. They were not the huge bags of lard as she had described them but were ample with large dark nipples. He reached over and took a piece of ice from the container on the nightstand. He held the melting cube over her left nipple. A drip began to form on his fingers. Slowly it grew until it released and splashed onto her expecting nipple. She moaned slightly. He let the ice just touch the tip and then drew a wet line of ever expanding circles on her breast. Her nipple was now hard enough to cut glass. He leaned over and took it between his lips. He sucked at it, pulling it into his mouth and then rolled it playfully between his teeth. 

His fingers, meanwhile, moved down her stomach. Drawing a slow circle around her navel, he casually changed direction and found his way to her inner thighs. Her muscles quivered as the ice touched her warm, tender skin. He sat up and began teasing her with the ice, running his fingers along one thigh and then the other, pausing each time to drip a drop onto her clit. "Such a beautiful pussy," he said. The fingers of his other hand began playing with her labia, teasing them open. He ran the ice cube along her beautiful pussy lips. Her back arched driving her hips and ass into the bed. The view and aroma was overpowering and he buried his face between her legs. Her juices covered his face as he licked at her clit and sucked her lips. Her pelvis rocked against him as she moved closer and closer to orgasm. He paused, sat up, and took a pair of vibrators from the side table. Her hips squirmed, screaming for him to touch her again. He watched her for a few moments and then kissed his way down across her stomach and into the carefully cropped muff of pubic hair. He began licking at her pussy as he toyed with the end of one vibrator around her vaginal opening. Her moans were louder than ever. He let the vibrator enter her and she gasped. She must do her kegel exercises regularly, he thought because her pussy grabbed at vibrator like a body builder. After a few strokes he knew she would disobey. Her moans were such a turn on and she tasted so good that he decided to let her orgasm. Time enough for punishment later. With one final hip thrust, she came, arching her back off the bed and against his face. 

As she collapsed onto the bed, he sat up and began to untie her legs. From the bedside table, he took out a long strap. "You disobeyed me and orgasmed," he told her sternly. "I have to punish you now." He attached the Velcro strap to her right thigh just above her knee, ran it behind her neck and secured it to her left thigh. He adjusted it so that her knees were pointing toward the ceiling. Then, from under the bed, he pulled a spreader bar that he tied to her ankles. "I enjoyed watching and listening to you cum but you still disobeyed me. That puts me in the awkward position of having to discipline you." Again he reached over to the bedside table. He took out a bottle of lubricant, several condoms, and a pair of latex gloves. "I would have preferred to skip this part," he said as he pulled the gloves on. He squirted some of the lube very matter-of-factly onto the tips of his fingers. "You have such a beautiful ass," he said as his lubed fingers began tracing the edges of her anus. Slowly, he let his index finger explore, probing her deeper and deeper. The fingers of his other were busy playing with her pussy. He removed his finger from her ass and added more lube. He finger again found her asshole and after a few moments, he slowly added another finger to open her wider. 

"Remember, this is because you disobeyed me," he said after several minutes. He removed his fingers and took off the gloves. He then picked up one of the condoms. He tore the package open with his teeth and placed the condom on his cock, rolling it slowly down the shaft. He added lube and then climbed onto the bed, crouching in front of her. 

"This is for you own good," he said thrusting his cock suddenly into her anus. His hands found her pussy. The fingers of his right hand played with her clit as his left, probed for her G-spot. With each thrust, his fingers could feel his cock through the back wall of her pussy. He wasn't sure whether her moans were from pleasure or pain. With her fucked up brain, it could be either. There was no telling what the psych researchers had done to her. Some of the experimental subjects had been completely rewired for pain, their brain dumping huge amounts of dopamine in response to pain stimuli. This was what he thought as he pumped her tight ass. It wasn't because he was a cold impersonal bastard. In fact, he was not. It was just that he was about to cum and was doing everything he could to hold himself back. A few more thrusts and even the science wasn't enough. He pulled himself out, leaving her sweaty and panting. 

"Let that be a lesson to you" he said out of breath. His fingers played with the wetness of her pussy as he sat back and grabbed the spreader bar. He leaned over and began licking and kissing her feet. He tickled and tormented her toes while his fingers played and probed her pussy. Finally, it was enough and he climbed off of the bed. He took the condom off his still erect cock. He threw it and the gloves into the trash and walked up to the head of the bed.

"Exactly how you survived is unknown to the Agency," he said as he climbed onto the bed with his back to the head board. "I happen to know that one of the researchers smuggled you out of the lab for their own sick reasons to use you as a sex toy." He straddled her head and began rubbing his cock, covered in precum, across her face. She twisted her head, trying to take it into her mouth but he teased her. He arched up onto his knees dragging his balls across her forehead and onto her eyes. 

After a few moments more teasing, he angled his cock down and let her take it into her mouth. She sucked at it greedily, bringing him again close to orgasm. He considered blowing his load over her face and decided instead to deny her that pleasure. He pulled his cock from her mouth and got up from the bed. He removed the strap on her wrists. "Turn over." She did as he told her and he walked around the bed, reattaching the straps at her wrists and ankles. The view of her ass from the end of the bed was fantastic- legs spread, ass round and firm, pussy wet. A body like that and she has delusions that she is male. 

"Let me dispel one of your fears." He climbed onto the bed and began squeezing her round, fat ass with both hands. "The research involved memory transference and manipulation. It is unlikely that you were male and actually underwent surgery. More probably, the memories you are experiencing of having a penis were implanted; transferred from some other person." He leaned down and bit her ass. She flinched. The smell of her ass and pussy mingled into an erotic mixture that brought his cock to full attention. He took another condom and rolled it on. He lubed himself up and climbed between her legs. He spread her labia, slowly pushed just the end of his cock inside her, and then leaned down and began kissing on her ear. "The truth may hurt you," he whispered into her ear. 
