 Note: Hi again. Sorry for the long hiatus between chapters. Life happens, you know? But lucky for you all, I signed up for a really boring Summer class with enough students in it that I don't look suspicious typing up a storm. Hooray.

More than that, the thing that got me back to finish this chapter was the two feedback emails I got from you readers that asked for more. I think I've said this before, but one of the things fueling this is my ego and my rabid desire to have my ego stroked. And because I saw that you wanted this, wanted this thing that I make - it made me want to make more. 

And as soon as I started writing, one of my editors popped online and started helping unprompted. Massive props to him! So without further ado - part 12 of Aria's story. Enjoy!

*****

Jackson's snooze button wasn't working. He kept slapping his hand on his bedside table, knocking around his digital clock, but the thing just kept on beeping. He blinked in the morning light, shaking his head to clear the fog out of his mind. The beeping wasn't the same as the beeping on his alarm clock. Did he set his alarm on his phone?

Jackson lifted his torso up and balanced on his side to check his phone. Dead. Shit, he forgot to put it on charge last night. He looked at his digital clock, the one that he had now determined wasn't beeping incessantly. It read six AM. Why the hell would he set an alarm to wake himself up this early. 

Jackson was a free-lance do-whatever-tech-thing-you-need kind of entrepreneur. Basically, he hadn't figured his life out, and was living at home with his mom despite entering the latter half of his twenties. He told people he worked nights. It was sort of true. He sometimes did work at night. And in the afternoon. Once someone sent him an urgent request on Fiverr and worked at four in the morning to help someone build a website on Wix.

So why was an alarm still blaring at him at six-o-one? His stomach rumbled. Why was he so hungry? And why was he buck nak- oooh. Right. Jackson thought back to last night. Aria had come home from God knows where at around dinner time. He had been talking with a couple of girls who said they were friends of Aria's from school. He wasn't aware that his little sister even had friends at school, she was always so reclusive. It made him kind of happy, in a brotherly way. And really annoyed, in a brotherly way, to have to entertain them until she showed up. Aria had a phone. Couldn't she coordinate her meetings with her friends in a way that didn't involve him wasting away his time in the kitchen with... well, actually, it wasn't that bad. Two hot girls clinging to him and abjectly flirting with him. It was nice to feel attractive now and again. And he would totally hit that if he hadn't been worried that they were jailbait.

Aria ran off with one of the girls, but the blonde one... Cindy? Annie? Hannah! Just kept flirting with him. She was your type A skank, for sure, but that can be hot too, you know? But how old was she? He was not into law-breaking or pedophilia or none of that shit. She was probably a senior like Aria, so that would make her seventeen or eighteen. That digit of a difference was the difference between consenting adults and statutory rape.

Hannah had been checking her phone regularly, and he started to get suspicious. Was she actually into him, like her suggestive glances and touches would imply, or? He tried to sneak glances at what she was doing, but he couldn't get a good look at her screen. She was either sexting someone (he got a glance at something she wrote: "...been naughty...") or she was texting her dad (the name of at least one person she had been texting was "Daddy"). Either way, she wasn't actually into him, was she? So why the hell was she here?

Aria had been gone with the other girl for a while, and it hit him. Aria was probably still way pissed that he had jerked off to that video. She and her friend were probably in his room, going through his stuff or doing something to conspire against him. Damn it. He should have talked to Aria sooner, apologized to her.

He tried to brush off the blonde bimbo distractor, but she caught on quick as soon as his attention was diverted from her. She must have been real used to being the center of attention, she sensed his focus shift in an instant! And the more he tried to pluck her off of him, the more forward her advances became.

It must have been quite the sight, with a grown young man trying to climb up a staircase with a blonde teen all but throwing herself at him - grabbing him and trying to press her breasts against him, clumsily tangling herself around him. He managed to push her off only thanks to her phone pinging with an incoming wave of texts, which she instinctively went to check.

His door was open, and he couldn't remember if that was just that he left it that was, or if Aria had gone in there and maybe stolen something? He wouldn't put it past her. There where noises coming from Aria's room, door closed. Was that suspicious? He thought he heard a groan. He reached for her doorknob and OOF!

The blonde girl had tackled him to the floor with a loud THUMP. The sounds in Aria's room stopped for a brief second, before continuing. Hannah had tackled him to the ground and was sitting on top of him, her hips on his own, causing a stirring in his groin.

Jackson snapped back to the present as he felt something stir beside him. An unfamiliar arm reached out from under the blankets a picked up a cell phone off the ground, silencing the beeping. The arm slipped back under the covers.

Aw shit. Jackson recalled the rest of last night. He lifted the blanket next to him and looked in. A sleepy, confused face peered out at him. "How old are you?"

Her face scrunched up even tighter with confusion, or perhaps it was her eyes squeezing out the morning light. "I'm eighteen. Why?"

Jackson let out a sigh of relief, and his body relaxed. He hadn't been aware that he was so tense. He laid back on his pillow and put his hands behind his head. He kind of wanted to whistle, or light up a cigar. Their was the faintest tingle of his nether regions that hinted at the memory of satisfaction and exhaustion.

Jackson was entertaining the idea of asking her for a good-morning blow job, when the door to his room swung unceremoniously open and Lindsay blew in and started to shake Hannah, who moaned in protest.

"C'mon, we gotta get ready for school"

"Uuuuuhhhhh! Let's just skip!"

"Nope. Aria says we gotta go."

"I don't wanna..." Lindsay grabbed one of Hannah's arms and dragged her out of bed and she flopped on the floor naked. Jackson leaned over for a better look at her lithe, nude body. He admired her tan lines - caramel patterned with lines and triangles of cream over her breasts and plump derriere.

Hannah scooped her clothes off of the floor and was spirited out of the room. Jackson started to lightly stroke himself, liking his lips at the luscious memories of last night that filled his head.

Where did he leave off? Ah yes, he had been tackled. He remembered the view nicely - a faceful of Hannah's bursting bosom. Hannah had hesitated for a second, but then seemed to make up her mind and pulled her shirt up over her breasts, flashing her taut nipples at him. She swayed her tits over him, and his eyes followed the pendulum motion, letting himself be hypnotized by her large assets. She lowered her chest, and Jackson found himself sticking out his tongue to eagerly greet the rosebuds.

"Mmmm, that's nice," she said. She started to rub him. "Touch me, daddy." It was a little weird to be called daddy, but fuck it, it looked like he was getting laid. She could call him Mother Theresa if it meant he could get his dick wet - it had been ages since he had been with someone.

They had ended up in his bedroom, Hannah on all fours, presenting her ass for him. "Spank me daddy. Spank your naughty baby girl." Jackson had, of course. He noticed that her rump was already red, probably from getting spanked earlier that weekend like she had described. Kinky. He spanked her once, and she cood and begged for more. He spanked her again, a bit harder, eliciting a long "yeeesssss." He hit her again. And again. He started to spank her lower, were her swollen pussy lips waited for his punishment. The lower his hand went, the more Hannah cried out her enthusiasm.

Soon he was slapping her directly on her clit, Hannah howling. "Yes daddy! There! Harder!"

"You like it rough, don't you, slut?" He talked dirty to her. 

"Call be baby. Call me your little girl" She demanded. Oooookaaaay.

"Are you ready for me baby?" Moisture flooded from her core, drenching his hand. He could get into this. "Are you wet for your daddy?" That simple line made her break.

"Yeah, daddy! Fuck me. Fuck your little girl. Fuck your daughter. She's so wet for you." Woah woah woah. What? Wait a minute. What did she say? Was she some sort of freak, or...? "Please! Fuck me. I need it!"

Jackson but his qualms aside. This was not an opportunity to waste by overthinking it. Sex with freaky girls was supposed to be better, right? He thrust his cock deep in her, and Hannah screamed into a pillow. 

He rode her like a pony. Three times. She couldn't get enough. Actually, Jackson frowned, did that mean he wasn't satisfying her? Or was he maybe really good, and that's why she wanted more? He shook his head. It didn't matter. The girl was crazy. Other than whole "daddy" thing, she kept begging him to come inside her, "get his baby pregnant." Yeah, that was a clear 'Pull out and use condoms for the rest of the night' signal.

She had also tried to stick a finger in his ass, which was unexpected. He usually thought of himself as pretty open-minded, but he hadn't been ready for that. She also wanted him to slap her tits. Also a new one for him. They had some anal sex - normally he would have to ask for that one, but she spread her cheeks and demanded that he "rape her dirty poop chute." 

You know, the more he reflected on it, the less he wanted to reflect on it. He kind of started to feel gross. Ashamed, violated even. Fuck, this is how girl's felt doing the walk of shame after sleeping with a balding middle-aged man. His erection started to shrink. Last night she was insanely hot. Today, in the light of the morning sun, he started to think she was just insane.

As he climbed out of bed, he had one last thought about her before deciding that he would push her out of his mind and not revisit that memory anytime soon. That thought was how yesterday Hannah had been talking about being exhausted after a weekend of being at home...being spanked by her dad...whom she was possibly pretending that he was when they had sex last night. Both her rump and her womanhood had been swollen and red... that means...

Huh... He didn't know how to feel about that.

Aria had been planning on taking the bus again, maybe fooling around with that couple again, but since Hannah and Lindsay had spent the night - She was surprised that Hannah was still there. She had thought Hannah would have drove home. Had she and her brother...? Ew!

Quick showers and breakfasts, and a terrifying, life threatening drive with Hannah at the wheel later they arrived at school. They hopped out of the car.

"How did Hannah manage to get a license? Seriously." Aria asked rhetorically.

Lindsay stumbled, trying to get her sea legs under her. "Good question."

Hannah applied lipgloss in the rearview mirror "I blew the examiner." She popped her lips, and climbed out of the car. "What's with the duffle bag?" Hannah asked in return.

Lindsay and Hannah watched as Aria hauled a big green duffle bag out of the trunk. "Nothing. School project."

"That's a big project."

"It's DNA stuff. You know, tRNA, Mitochondriac schism models, Sickle cell qwasers, fractal transfer ribonucleic acid stuff..." Aria prattled on with 'science jargon' until the look in Lindsay and Hannah's eyes were suitably glossy with disinterest. She lifted the heavy bag over her shoulder, trying to move it smoothly so the contents wouldn't clatter around noisily. The girls said their goodbyes and headed off to their respective classes.

The teachers seemed tense. Aria couldn't imagine the staff meetings that must have been going on over the weekend. Stopping by her locker, she crammed the duffle bag inside, careful not to cram it too hard, lest anything inside it break. Had she paid for it, that shit would have been expensive. Take care of your things, kids. That being said, she was planning on throwing it all out after using it for her intended purpose. 

Aria battled her disinterest in school. There were so many more fun things to do, and sitting through class learning about various forgettable things seemed fairly wasteful of her time - given that she had unlimited amounts of it. She kind of wished her power came with the ability to fast forward. 

Actually, that was a thought. She had the power to freaking freeze time! Why shouldn't she have the power to fast forward, or even rewind, time! Aria sat up more straight in her desk and promptly tuned out Mr. Bensen's lecture on the Easterlin Paradox in favor of trying to manipulate time.

She stole a watch from the one kid in class who still wore a traditional wrist watch (which she did return later. One must not discourage those whom uphold our histories and traditions, after all.) so that she had a time telling device that's screen didn't dim or sleep every thirty seconds, and she propped it up on her desk.

Aria thought back to how she discovered her powers. She had been suffering from a persistent case of the hiccups, and happened to sneeze just at the same time she hiccuped. Something about the clashing of an involuntary inhale from a hiccup and the brutal expulsion of air from that sneeze had caused an implosion of forces in her head, that exploded into the world around her instantaneously. Stopping time wasn't too unlike that moment between an inhale and an exhale, where the forces in your lungs shift and move - and the practice of stopping and resuming time had, in this short time span of a week (and definitely not months like the preposterous potency for procrastination possessed by a certain smut writer might suggest) become about as natural as breathing. But at the same time, freezing time was nothing like breathing, because it all had to do with the breathing patterns of her mind.

Aria snorted to herself as she realized it sounded a lot like what you might call a "brain fart." She was absolutely not going to use that term, though.

So how could she translate that time freezing into the opposite, motion? First period was all about trying to freeze and unfreeze time (monotonously, to her lament, as the result of this time stopping meant she was spending half her time in limbo and classes were quite literally twice as long as they ought to be) but with some sort of twist.

Second period she was growing frustrated and changed tactics. This all started with a hiccup and a sneeze, right? So what if she coughed and yawned?

Choking, apparently. Choking is what happens when you cough and yawn at the same time. Don't try this at home, kids. 

So what if you try other combos? A laugh and a gasp? A burp and hiccup? A sigh with flatulence? Scratch that last one, she was in public. She was drawing enough attention with her seizings and ostensible respiratory issues. Second period came and went with no results.

Grumpy, Aria sat down in third period. Maybe she was focusing too much on the breathing. The sensation of freezing time did manifest predominantly in her head first, and then tingle her fibres subtly. She tried freezing time while embodying a feeling of urgency to speed time up. The second hand on the clock did not tick faster. She tried to freeze time backwards, to rewind time. The second hand did not move back. She tried-

"Aria?" A few lazy gazes drifted over to her. Shit, the teacher had asked her a question. Dammit, she was busy. Smug bastard probably caught her out for not paying attention and was trying to shame her. What class was she in? Economics, right. Mr. Corgnac, or Mr. C as he wishes his students would call him. Fitting, since he never gave Aria a score higher than a B on her essays. He was a sexist who was notorious for giving female students lower grades than their male counterparts. Aria froze time and punched him in the bladder.

While the class was wondering why the teacher had just run out of the room hunched over (and peeing a little), Aria turned to the guy sitting next to her and asked "What was the question?"

At lunch, Aria took a well deserved break, eating alone on the grassy lawn. She lay back, resting her head on her bag, and tossed an apple in the air, freezing time, watching it halt in the air in steps as she toyed with time, like a stop motion film. 

So absorbed in her own thoughts was she that she didn't notice Kyle approach until he snatched her apple out of the air. She had been enjoying throwing it and trying to freeze it it air at the exact time it blotted out the sun. Kyle took a big bite of the granny smith.

Kyle was Lauren's on again off-again boyfriend. He was regarded as one of the most popular kids in school, and Aria had never been quite sure why. He wasn't ugly, but he wasn't exactly a young DiCaprio. Her best guess was that people paid attention to him in the same way people paid attention to "The Situation" in Jersey Shore. That being said, you couldn't say he didn't have presence. She felt like she had been spotting him out of the corner of her eye all day out in the hallways.

"S'up?" Kyle reclined uninvited next to her, altogether too close. His hairy arm pressed against her. Didn't this guy hate her or something? She had played quite a few pranks, and he seemed to be pretty team Lauren - that's a 'bad guy' in her eyes. Then again, her pranks did lean on the side of the sexual, and if she remembered correctly, she had pavlov trained this dude to jizz in his pants after too much contact with her. Aria tilted her head up and glanced at his crotch. Yup, tented. And the dude was wearing basketball shorts. Have some modesty, man!

"Judging from a quick glance, my answer is little Kyle." Aria expected him to shy away from embarrassment. The guy just smirked, 'seductively.'

Aria waited for him to explain his presence, but he just kept smiling at her. Or rather her chest. When the silence started to become awkward, she asked him "What brings you here?"

Kyle took another bite from her apple, and still chewing replied "What, you don't want my company?"

"Not really, no." Kyle choked a little as he swallowed, a little dismayed. 

"Why not?" He sputtered.

"Well, for one thing, I seem to remember you sexually assaulting me during art class..." Technically, of the two of them, she started it, but he didn't know that. "How the hell did you not get suspended?"

A dark look flashed in front of his eyes. "I have more control at this school than you think." Rather, his dad did. He was a wealthy member of the county school board. Covering up for his son's mistakes was pricey, and he made sure that Kyle knew it. Kyle took one more bite from the apple and tossed it back to Aria, who caught it by reflex. She dropped it, wiping the slimy residue now on her thumbs off on her pants.

"Funny, considering you don't seem to have any self control." Aria froze time and hesitantly rubbed the hardened lump in his jeans for a some time, and then gently kick the asshole where it hurts.

Aria practically slept through fourth period. She wanted fun. It was time for some FUN. This wasn't FUN.

Fifth period began. Oh, would you look at that. Aria hadn't been thinking ahead. She could have spent her time daydreaming up ideas for fifth period. Fifth period was English. English was taught by Mr. Krocker. The possibilities were tantalizing. Aria made sure to sit at the front of the room.
