 Author's Note: Thanks so much to the few people who have commented so far! The positive feedback has made me eager to write more!

Also, some real-life smuttiness not related to the story (so feel free to skip ahead past the line below) but maybe interesting to some of you: It's kind of my kink to write stories like this in public. I by no means have the balls to actually do something sexual in public (nor do I have balls, period), but this story, sure. That's how this started - I was bored in one of my college lectures and pulled out my laptop, lowered the screen brightness and font size so that it would be very difficult for wandering eyes to read what I was writing and got going.

Anyways, I was writing the start of this chapter in a fairly boring lecture, nervous and looking over my shoulder in case someone switched seats to the ones behind me. As I was writing I was getting more and more turned on, and less and less aware of my surroundings. I kept on twitching oddly from my arousal, each time freaking out wondering if someone noticed. I was really feeling that thing when you squeeze your thighs for that really small gentle sexy feeling, which I wrote about Aria experiencing below. Anyways, JUST as I was getting the part where Aria was cumming from masturbating herself into oblivion, the class ended and everyone stood up and I was still typing furiously and desperately like "Nooo! My orgasm! I was so close!"

So yeah, I just had the realization that I was having not like a physical orgasm, but a mental one right along with my character - except thanks to me not writing just a minute or two faster I just gave myself blue-balls. Or, lacking balls as I do, I guess it was some sort of orgasm denial. Then I had to run across campus, with my lady bit's all swollen and barely holding back a whole bunch of lady-precum wanting to punch myself for getting so out of it in the middle of class. I finished the rest of this chapter in the following two days, while I was waiting for part 2 to be approved. I just got the message that the story was no longer pending and was published (And I got a comment, yay!) today, so now I'm uploading the next part. Hopefully I'll have part four done and pending approval by the time this episode has been out for a day or so.

Anyways, enjoy! 

*****

Aria drove home. It had been a long day - from discovering her power to stop time during a math test, to slapping a fair amount of people, causing peers and teachers to have... accidents, to having her first ever kiss. 

You might be thinking, "She's eighteen! How has she not had her first kiss yet, among other things?" Aria was by no means a prude. Her tumultuous upbringing and her absentee father made sure that she was very well acquainted with adult notions - but Aria was a loner. She didn't have many friends, she didn't like to draw attention to herself. Had she never uncovered this ability, she may have remained reclusive for the rest of her life. Maybe this was God's (or whoever's) way of saying that this was no way to live. Or it just goes to show how corruptible people really are, granted the slightest bit of power.

Aria closed her door and flopped into bed. She was tired, and overwhelmed. But mostly, she was just plain horny. She came once today, when she was so turned on by her mischief that she could no longer handle it, but since then she had gotten hot and heavy in a dressing room with a hot classmate. She kicked off her clothes and underwear and pulled her purse forward. She had picked up some toys at the mall that came pre-loaded with batteries. 

Aria started simple, with a small, pink bullet vibrator. She turned it on and tested its intensity, it eagerly jumped to life in her hands, humming loudly. She felt moisture flood to her core in anticipation. She reclined on her pillows, exposing her smooth body to the dimly lit room. Aria stroked her body, tracing the sensitive skin of her sides, her flat belly, her breasts, her neck. Aria brought her left hand down to her breast, fluttering around the curve, dancing around her nipple, her areola shrinking and tightening in response. Her nipple pebbled into a stiff point, reaching out to the ceiling, standing proudly and begging to be sucked. Aria licked her fingers and wet her nipple, hypersensitizing it to the temperature and the slightest of drafts that travelled through the room.

Aria treated her other breast to the same torture, and gently twisted and tugged both nipples, shuddering at the tingling sensation that ran from her tits directly to her wet pussy. She rubbed her thighs together so that her lower lips pleasurably slid against each other, and Aria turned the vibrator onto it's lowest setting and held it to the top of her left breast. She slid it around the plump skin, dragged it down the valley between her boobs, circling her areola getting closer and closer to her nipple, but denying that sensitive nub a direct touch. 

Her nipples were so tight and hard they were aching and throbbing. Aria teased one of them with her pinky, while pressing the bullet to the underside of her breast. She could feel the vibration rippling through her flesh and the echoes of the vibrations tantalized the tips of her tit. Aria sighed long, flicked her other nipple to distract her from the torture she was instilling on the right.

She reluctantly pulled the device from her chest and fumbled with the control, turning the vibration all the way up to max, and held her breath as she then brought it to the very tip of her right nipple, letting it buzz directly on the hyper-sensitive nerves. A moan escaped her lips. She moved the toy from nipple to nipple, teasing and fingering whichever breast was less lucky at the time with her free hand. Her legs were grinding into each other, and Aria could feel the slickness of her folds shift with every slide.

Her breathing was growing heavy as she slid her hand down her belly, still teasing her breasts with the toy, and slid her probing fingers between her hot folds. She was so wet. She had never been so fucking wet when she touched herself before. Her fingers massaged the soaked skin around her dripping pussy. She was already staining the bedsheets, she briefly thought. 

Her fingers slid around her clit, pressing against the sides, and pulling up the tiny hood and letting it fall again, giving it a massage so gentle and tine tuned that her hips bucked in an attempt to give her aching point some relieving pleasure. Aria was losing patience with herself. She used her left hand to spread her labia to the night air, her index finger lifting the hood, leaving her pulsing clit exposed to the night air. Aria's right hand clutched the bullet, still at maximum power, hesitated for just a second, and she pressed it to her clit.

It was enough to push her over into climax. Her clit ached at the touch of the buzzing device, unprepared for the violent vibrations. Aria only managed to hold the bullet to herself for two or three seconds before she dropped it in favor of humping her hand, her hips lifting off the bed, to soothe her mound - to little avail, as she came for half a minute straight. She rubbed her soft pink flesh, drawing out her orgasm, as she hummed and whimpered at her release.

As she came down from her high, Aria was still turned on beyond belief. She pulled a small, electric dildo out of her purse and rubbed it up and down her slick opening. Her hands were so wet and sticky she had to wipe them on the sheets to be able to hold the smooth plastic toys, which was slipping out of her hand. She dragged it up and down her wet cunt, and pressed the cool surface against her sensitive, burning clit.

Aria slid the still, smooth dildo into herself, feeling no resistance from her drenched channel. It slid in deep, filling her pleasantly, and Aria begandrawing it in and out of her. Her pussy was still twitching and clenching from her recent orgasm, sending aftershocks of pleasure directly into the buildup of her next orgasm. She returned the bullet to her core, this time on a medium setting.

She pumped the fake cock in and out of herself and placed the vibrator onto her clit. Aria moaned, long and low. She rubbed the humming toy all around her sensitive bean, now thrusting the dildo in and out of herself faster, fucking herself deeper and harder.

She was getting close again. "Oh. Ohhhhhh. Uhh yeah." She twisted the dildo in her, biting her lower lip at the sensation. She was slamming the dildo in and out of herself now, the schlik schlik squelch reverberating in her ears. Her whole body was a quivering ball of please. Just as she reached the precipice, she flicked the switch at the base of the dildo and it started buzzing inside of her. "OH goddddddd. Yea, yeah...yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah, mmmmphhh." Her hips shook wildly, her head swung from side to side as her body spasmed wildly. Her hands were getting drenched again and she forced the bullet hard against her clit and fucked herself silly with her other toy.

Oh god she was fucking cumming. Wave after wave of ecstasy rocked her body, exploding from her cunt, screaming through her tits, and wrenching grunts and moans from Aria's throat. She smashed the dildo into herself and it hit a spot inside of her that made her mind go completely black, and spots formed in her vision. 

Aria nearly screamed. She was shoving the dildo into herself, legs flailing, her body grinding into the toys she held to her throbbing cunt. Her pussy was leaking and spurting and dripping and trembling and that one spot inside her was just so UUUUrgh andthat there was so...so...Aria rocketed from that everlasting first orgasm into a second one that transended her consciousness. "OOOOOOh fuck yeah, right there! Right there! Fuck. Fuuuuuuck meeee. Shit. Yesssss. Oh there-mmmmmmmmMMMMMMPH. Oh. Oh . OHH." Aria came again, straight from one orgasm into another. 

Her clit was so sensitive in was painful. Her legs suddenly coordinated their efforts and lifted her ass up off of the bed. Her pussy ground into the air, like she was being fucked by an invisible man and a stream of cum shot from her pussy, and then another. She humped the air and her toys and her pussy spasmed and shot spray after spray of her fluids onto her crumpled sheets as she roared, overwhelmed by her coursing climax. Her eyes were rolling into the back of her head, her whole body was sexy, delicious fire.

Her legs trembled and gave out. Aria dropped her toys, and the twitching girl collapsed on her bed, breathing hard. She tried to wipe the sweat off of her forehead, but only succeeded in wiping pussy juice on it. She giggled, her breathy exclamations turning into moans and grunts at some of the orgasmic aftershocks of her multiple climaxes. She tweaked a sensitive nipple and tasted some of her juices from her fingers.

Oh god, she had never squirted before. She remembered the girl in biology class earlier today, squirting in the middle of the classroom, her undulating hips, the liquid dripping from the wooden chair and onto the floor. Aria imagined people staring at her body like that. Aria but the dildo onto its lowest setting and reinserted it into herself. She was still sensitive from cumming, but she was still so goddamn horny, turned on by the fact that she had just cum like a fucking volcanic eruption.

She rolled onto her side, fingering her poor clit as she drifted off into sleep. During the course of the night she woke up three times to moan and shiver through cumming from the dildo, whose batteries finally gave out at around two in the morning. From then until morning, Aria was locked into a deep, deep sleep.

Aria woke to the sound of her crassly beeping alarm. God, she was so relaxed and tired. She didn't want to get out of bed. She was all soft and the bed was so cozy. After one attempt to move, which caused a weak and sore twinge from her aching cunt, Aria froze time, rolled over, and went back to sleep.

When the fully rested blonde woke up again, she smiled at the sultry feeling of falling asleep naked and thoroughly fucked out. Her wrists were sore and she was walking kind of funny, but she gathered her bearings and walked out of her open bedroom door and to the bathroom. She unpaused time long enough to draw a bath, and climbed into the water. It moved around her as she climbed in the tub, but it was like the warm water was stiff and heavy. She took her time washing herself, lovingly cleaning up her body that had given her so much pleasure yesterday. She was careful when she washed between her legs, she was sensitive from last night's action. Resuming time again, she drained the tub and got dressed.

She opted for a knee-length skirt today, and wore the underwear she had obtained during last night's shopping, deciding they were fairly clean since they had been only used for an hour or so. She threw her sheets in the laundry basket to wash after school, noting the heavy scent of her sex humidly painting the room. She opened a window on the way out.

Her brother was usually awake by this time of morning and eating breakfast, but today he was nowhere to be found. He must have gotten that contract he wanted and gotten straight to work. A bowl of cereal later, Aria headed to the bus stop.

It was mostly freshman who rode the bus, older kids tending to favor finding other methods of transportation. There were kids like Aria, however, whose families were tight on money and so the bus was most practical. The bus was only ever filled to a third or half capacity, letting everyone who cared to sit by themselves. The bus driver smiled at Aria when she climbed on, and she found a seat towards the back so she could survey the bus. There was always a sickeningly cute couple in the same seat on the bus that would kiss and giggle and be obnoxiously cute on the way to school in the morning. Aria sat directly behind them and recognized the boy as one of the kids in her Biology class, and he was eagerly whispering and gesticulating something quietly to his girlfriend. Three guesses as to what he was talking about, right?

Aria froze time and stood up, looming over the frozen couple. The boy was resting his hand on the girl's thigh. Aria wondered if she could "possess" them. She moved the girls right hand from between the pair and lifted it a little, sat down and restarted time. She restarted time and waited for a few seconds for the girl to notice, but nothing. When Aria froze time again, however, the girls hand had already dropped back to its original position.

Aria began a sequence of time stops and starts, every time moving the girls hand a little closer to the boys hand which rested on her thigh. Eventually, Aria had maneuvered it so that the girl was covering the boys hand with her own, and none the wiser. Aria continued this work pattern to make the girl guide the boys hand further up her thigh. At this point, the boy was definitely noticing. The girl looked down at her hand, not having realized that she was guiding her boyfriend's hand steadily towards her center. Just as she was about to feel confusion over her unintentional behavior, she felt a tantalizing zing between her legs and moisture flooded her core. 

It was like she wasn't in control of herself as she started panting with sudden arousal, and slowly slid her boyfriend's hand under her miniskirt to her panties.

"Beth, what are you -" Beth's intent gaze on her boyfriend's eyes silenced him as she held his hand to her vagina. Aria leaned back to enjoy the show, pulling out her phone to look busy in case either of the pair looked back at her.

Aria smirked as a quiet gasp lit up Beth's face and the boys arm started to move. The couple quietly stared at each other as he slid his hand around her, massaging her through the thin fabric of her underwear. The pair's eye contact broke when the bus ran over a pothole and Beth sharply inhaled and closed her eyes. Aria wished she could see what was happening just out of sight, two or three feet from where she sat.

The boy stared hungrily at his girlfriend, his arm moving more quickly now, and Beth's head lolled and landed on his shoulder. She quietly sighed and let out a tiny moan, and he sharply glanced over his shoulder to see if the girl sitting behind them noticed. Aria looked busy on her phone, so he turned back and continued fingering his girlfriend. He had finger-fucked her before, but never in public, and he was getting real hard at the thought that they could be caught at any second. His cock strained against the fabric of his jeans as his finger plunged into his girlfriend's hot hole, soon followed by another one.

The bus went over a speed bump a little too quickly and Beth's eyes flew open again, and her hand rocketed to rest on her boyfriend's erection. She rubbed him through the denim of his pants and he hissed as she massaged his hard member. They started kissing each other, their tongues going deep into one another's mouth. His tongue imitated the fucking motion they would be busy executing behind the school dumpster later, making them both late for class.

As it was, Beth whimpered in a mini-orgasm as her boyfriend fucked her as best he could with his tiring fingers from his position. Just as she was staring to whimper or whisper something incoherent, the bus pulled up to the school and all of its occupants shuffled out. The couple did not jump up immediately as usual, probably as the boy was unwilling to stand up under his current predicament. Aria made sure to look at them pointedly to let the blushing couple know that they had been caught, then she gleefully exited the bus.

As Aria walked through the halls to her locker, something felt off. She felt like she was being watched, like people were turning their heads when she walked by, but when she turned her head to check, all of the student's heads were thrown down to their phones or in deep conversation with their friends. Aria opened her locker and sorted out her books. A couple of girls giggled as they walked by her. 

Suddenly, Devon was there. 

"Hey!" Aria smiled at him. He wasn't smiling back.

"Look, so we had a nice time yesterday, but I don't even know you, so don't get me involved in this." He stated sharply.

"What do you mean?" Aria was genuinely confused.

"People are gossiping that I'm the father."

"What? Of who?"

"Of your baby. You're pregnant. And I'm obviously not the father, so leave me the fuck out of your bullshit."

"Wait, what? Pregnant?"

"You know, you could have at least told me before you threw yourself at me and kissed me." Devon stormed off.

What the hell? Aria looked around her to notice people pointing at her, giggling and whispering. Among them stood Lauren Valdevilia. Oh, hell.

"Was he the baby daddy? Or do you whore yourself out to anyone who's willing to bang you?" Lauren called out, prompting more hysterics from the crowd.

"What the hell, Lauren? I'm not pregnant!" Aria was aghast.

"Shut up slut, we all know it's true. You were vomiting in the girls room the other day, and you've clearly got mood swings based on the way your dressing."

Woah woah woah. Let's just ignore the fact that Lauren was ten times more scantily clad than Aria was, and move past the slut comment. Lauren apparently managed to spread the rumor that she was pregnant to the entire school before classes had even started, based off of the fact that Aria went to the bathroom yesterday? This was fucked. This was completely and royally - 

"You're a bitch, Lauren. You know that? You're fake-ass face and ten pounds of make up, your fake ass tits, and your fake ass friends don't even begin to his what a fucking bitch you are." Laurens eye's widened, stretching out her eye shadow so you could see crackles and crevices of her actual skin poking through her foundation and fifty shades of face paint. 'Smokey eye' my ass.
