 Chapter One

The Mysterious Case of the sex drugs in the Water Supply?

On a sweltering hot summer afternoon, Stephanie momentarily woke from a nap.

She rolled and stretched and the soft cotton sheets drank the sweat from her naked body while she kicked the thin blanket to the foot of the bed.

The horny young lady rolled onto her side and gently kissed the sleeping lips of her husband James, she smiled when she noticed he was half erect. 

She lovingly squeezed and slowly pumped while she kissed his sleeping lips.

Stephanie giggled when he didn't even flinch.

The sun beamed through the open bedroom window and she felt a little rectangle of heat on her bare butt before the dark clouds started rolling in.

She laid on her back staring at the ceiling and played with James cock while she thought about the different ways she wanted to be fucked when he woke up.

Her sexy thoughts turned into sexy dreams as she drifted off and the storm rolled in.

A short time later James was startled awake by a thunderclap off in the distance.

His sleeping wife had a tight grip on his dick and he gave her delicate little fist a few loving pumps before he snuck out from under the light sheet.

His cock bounced down the hallway into the kitchen and it bumped the counter while he made coffee.

James poured a giant glass of water from the tap and shuffled his naked body over to the couch to flip on the news and wait for the coffee to brew.

The news anchor was going on and on with warnings of an impending downpour.

He looked out the window at the ominous green sky while he lit a cigarette and sipped his water.

He blew a big cloud at the ceiling fan when Stephanie slinked down the hallway.

"Good morning." She said through a sleepy naked yawn.

"Good morning." James smiled while he shamelessly stared at her perfectly smooth pussy lips.

Stephanie shuffled into the kitchen and he watched while she did a horny little sexy dance while pouring coffee.

"I can't believe we slept so long, it was supposed to be a short nap." He leaned forward and flicked an ash into the ashtray.

Stephanie slid her hand down her stomach and gently played with her clit while she took the first sip. "God... I'm so horny for some reason," she mentioned as she shuffled through the living room and sat her naked butt on the soft cool couch.

"I know right! I'm hard as a rock and have been all morning." 

She smiled and casually fingered her clit while she sipped coffee and watched the news.

A bolt of lightning shot across the sky and startled them both; Stephanie snuggled closer and wrapped her hand around his dong while she looked out the window, "Is the storm supposed to last all day?" She asked sweetly.

"Yeah, all night too, I guess it's supposed to be pretty crazy."

"Oh, really?" She said with excitement. "Do you want to fuck in the rain on the balcony?"

"Ha! The neighbors would totally see us, but we could go to that little patch of woods near the beach if you want."

"Oh! Yeah, let's do that! It's so hot in here; the rain is going to feel so nice." She smiled, "are you hungry do you want some breakfast?"

"Sure, I could eat; I can mix up some drinks in to go cups for later at the beach if you cook.

"Okay, sounds good." She said as the naked young lovers pranced into the kitchen of their tiny apartment.

The refrigerator door thumped the head of his throbbing member when he went to grab the fresh mint.

"Are you making mojitos?" Stephanie asked as she smeared a pan with butter.

"Yup... we have to do something with all this mint you picked."

The white lace curtains danced when a warm gust of wind blew the scent of burning ozone and fresh mint throughout the whole apartment.

James looked over and smiled at Stephanie mindlessly fingering her clit while she dug through the drawer looking for a spatula.

He knelt down and plunged his tongue deep inside her dripping pussy when she lit the stove.

Stephanie let out a surprised little happy squeak and melted into his face while she slid her slippery fingers up and down her smooth clit.

"God, I'm just so horny." She proclaimed as she used her free hand to rinse a plate.

James slid his tongue up her back and kissed his way up her neck before nibbling on her ear and returning to his task.

"Do you want to ride bide bikes to the beach or walk?" He asked as he crushed the mint and added ice to a giant pitcher.

"Let's ride bikes," She paused her cooking to slowly slide his relentlessly hard cock past her soft lips for just a moment while James watched the clouds roll in, "This storm is going to be crazy." He said right before a thunderclap again startled them both.

"Stephanie let out a little gargled, "Uh-Hu," In agreement as she slowly slid it out.

She had a thick line of spit running from her bottom lip to the head of his cock that slowly thinned out and drizzled down her naked stomach when she pulled away.

"God, even though I know the thunder is coming it still makes me jump," She smeared it down her smooth little belly and slid two slippery fingers between her legs.

"Are you going to wear a skirt?" James asked.

"Yeah, I'll wear a short skirt, and I want to cut the pockets out of your swimsuit so I can secretly play with your cock whenever I want." She said as she slinked over to the fridge.

Stephanie had a very specific walk when she was super horny, it was kind of an orgasmic silky smooth motion that drove him crazy, she would shift her hips in a way that suggested her pussy lips were just dripping wet and gently sliding together with every step.

"Ok, but not my good swimsuit, cut up to the old one." James bargained.

She slithered up his naked body and slipped her slimy fingers into his mouth while he stirred the drinks. "I can't wait for the beach, let's just do it now, really quick." She insisted while she slowly pumped his cock.

"Now, or after breakfast?"

She leaned over the stove and stuck her butt out, "Now... I want to ride on your cock while I cook." She giggled.

James smiled and pulled her close; he slipped his hands around her breasts and gently slid his cock between her soft thighs while he hugged her tightly from behind.

"Could you wash the cutting board?" She asked while doing a little dance and sliding her dripping wet pussy lips around his dick.

"Sure." Stephanie let out a happy little moan as James slid deep inside her when he reached to turn on the faucet.

He soaped up the cutting board and she cracked eggs into a bowl while she gently bounced around. "It's like I have four hands!" She giggled.

The young couple stayed fairly still while connected at the waist, they just enjoyed the comfort of holding each other from the inside while their hands were busy making dinner.

James did some tiny little thrusts while he rinsed the cutting board and Mary scrambled the eggs, and then she took a turn gently bouncing while she dried the cutting board and he fished around the drawer for a cheese knife.

"Here, follow me to the fridge; I have to get the cheese." She insisted. 

Stephanie squealed as James vigorously fucked her while they shuffled through the kitchen.

She moaned and he relentlessly pounded her throbbing pussy while her head was in the cool refrigerator.

He held her hips and fucked her the whole way back to the stove, and then she went back to gentle bouncing while they shared the cutting board cubing cheese and slicing vegetables.

Their hips were slowly dancing when they put the vegetables in the pan to sauté and he gently massaged her breasts while they slowly fucked and waited for them to cook.

Stephanie's knees went weak and she melted into his hands as she hung from his cock, She struggled to focus long enough to pour the eggs into the pan and stir it while James rooted around deep inside her thin little body, 

She turned the flame to low and held on to the stove as he ramped up the speed and she started to orgasm, "Oh...Oh...Oh," She squeaked with every forceful thrust.

Her long-awaited orgasm was interrupted by the smell of burning and she quickly grabbed the spatula and moaned in pure joy.

James continued fucking her trembling body and held her up by her breasts, she screamed in ecstasy and expertly flipped the omelet while he slowly filled her with cum.

The couple stayed connected slowly swayed back and forth while they waited for breakfast to cook.

Stephanie swooned and squeezed James arms as he hugged her. "I wish you could just follow me around all day fucking me like this." She giggled.

"Wow, you really are horny today."

"I know! I don't know what's going on; I just want to fuck all day!" She whined.

"That sounds good to me," James said while he gave a few little thrusts and poured another cup of coffee for them both.

He slowly slid out and Stephanie ignored the cum dripping down her legs.

She cut the omelet in half and put them on plates and they sat at the table quietly eating breakfast and watching the lightning dance around the sky.

After they were finished Stephanie lit a cigarette and enjoyed a tall morning mojito while James quickly washed the dishes, "Why is your cock still hard?" She asked as she exhaled a cloud.

"I don't know, it's weird, it's been like this all morning."

"Do you need to cum again?" She asked while she took another puff and got up to give him a slippery naked hug."

"Let's wait until we get to the park."

Stephanie had her arms tightly wrapped around his neck and when he shuffled over to the cabinet her toes dragged across the tile when she refused to end the hug.

"Ok, I'll go pack a bag and cut those pants while you finish making drinks." She gave him a little pat on the butt and pranced into the bedroom."

James sealed the mojito jars tight and set them on the coffee table to start a little pile of supplies they would need for the adventure.

"Could you roll a few joints so we don't have to do it in the rain?" Stephanie yelled from the bedroom.

"Sure, I'll roll some up; I'm bringing three packs of cigarettes and the wine opener, you should grab a vibrator just in case you wear me out and I need a break."

"NO BREAK FOR YOU!" she jokingly yelled back.

He sat on the couch and flipped through the channels looking for something to watch while he rolled.

"I'm not even going to bring panties with me!" Stephanie yelled excitedly.

"You're going to get sand in your vagina." James cautioned as they have been through this before.

"I'm sure your tongue will do a wonderful job keeping the sand out." She laughed.

He finished rolling joints and put them in the big zip-lock along with the wine opener, a lighter and three packs of smokes.

When Stephanie came back into the living room she was wearing a light cotton tank top with the neck cut out so big that when she leaned forward her breasts were clearly visible.

It was so thin he could easily see her perky nipples rubbing on the inside of the soft fabric, and the cute little skirt she was wearing just barely covered her naked butt.

James could tell she wasn't going to be able to do much bending over in public.

"God damn you're cute!" The words uncontrollably escaped his lips when she walked in.

Stephanie smiled sweetly and tossed over the altered swimsuit. "Here, try these on."

When James put them on she slipped her hands into the cut out pockets and expertly pumped his cock as a test.

"It works!" She smiled and kissed him on the lips before she spun around and said. "Let's see if you can have sex in them." 

She slipped his cock through the unbuttoned fly and slowly sank it deep into her pussy while they stood in the hallway. "And this works too!" She said excitedly.

She bent around to lovingly, kissed him and said: "Okay now try my butt."

James reached down and slowly pushed his cock deep inside the young girl's asshole.

She smiled and wiggled around a bit, "see, it works perfectly!" Stephanie's invention was a complete success and as she slid his cock in and out a few times she wondered why nobody had thought of this before.

What she didn't realize is that just today somebody else had thought about doing the same thing...today a lot of people thought of it.

"And you can hide your raging boner by tucking like this." She jumped off, tucked the head of his cock in the elastic waistband of the swimsuit and gave it a little pat. "There you go, now nobody will notice."

"This actually works pretty well." He said.

Stephanie grabbed the tightly sealed jars of mojitos and gingerly put them in her bag. When she bent over her cute naked butt was peeking out from under her soft little skirt and James just couldn't help himself.

He knelt down and slowly slithered his tongue up her inner thigh and gently tongued her dripping pussy lips from behind while she rummaged through her bag.

"I think that's everything we need, are you ready?" She asked as she slid down his face, pausing for just a moment when his tongue slipped into her tight little asshole.

"Yup, I'm ready." He slowly licked his way up the small of her back until he eventually reached her neck.

He gently nibbled her ear and kissed her neck while she giggled, "Quit it, I'm going to cum right here if we don't chill out." Mary smiled and slipped her hand into his pocket to gently squeeze his cock one last time in private. "Ok, let's go."