 Author’s Note: So, I’ve finally plotted out the rest of the series! I’ve used comments and suggestions from you guys. So this is the last call for suggestions! Any details you want added? Characters penetrated? Comment or send me feedback! Otherwise, there’s approx 5 more chapters in the series from here on out, depending on how the writing goes.

If you have been here from the start, or are one of the lovely people who binge-read up to here, thank you very much. If you are one of the people who commented that this story made you either hard or wet, thank you for feeding my lust-fueled writing frenzy last night. If you have commented with suggestions, thank you sincerely for your ideas. And biggest thanks to my volunteer editors, J and L!

And so, onto even more ‘side’ story! Screw you, guy who said they were boring! This is MY HOUSE. You want a side of dream sequence with that, sir? Anyways.... next chapter we’ll have some more plot movement and time freezing shenanigans, a la “the early chapters were better” style. Let’s get back to our roots, you know?

RECAP: Aria has time powers. She caused a national bioterrorism scare which has been mostly dismissed as mass hysteria. Lauren’s a bitch. Aria has been seducing her teacher, he is being blackmailed with that by said bitch. She is also bullying Aria with gossip, leaked nudes, and general bad-sportsmanship. The predominant character trait of half of the student body appears to be “skeezy.” Welcome to High School!

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Joey had been distracted all day. All week, in fact. And the reason wasn’t like the usual reasons that distracted him. It wasn’t thoughts about football, or an upcoming concert, or his failing grades and what they would mean for his future, or baking (a secret hobby of his). The distraction was the girl he liked. Or more than liked, at this point. 

Every time he saw her he grew a little bit more convinced of several facts: 

A) She was hot; The hottest girl he’d ever fucking laid his eyes on. He couldn’t even be near her without popping a stiffy. 

2) She was both just like the other girls and different at the same time; She dressed hot and was in a bunch of drama and catfights and she took a lot of selfies with her friends at lunch and stuff, but also she wasn’t so... invested in that stuff. Like, she was nice all the time and was good at listening, and she wasn’t on her phone all the time, and there was something almost magical about her. 

D) She was special; Whenever she made eye contact with him and smiled, he felt a pang in his chest that was warm like he had been massaged but also sharp like he had been punched. Whenever he said good morning to her, or complimented her, or the time he tried to pull out the bench for her to sit at the lunch table when he ended up moving the whole table because the bench and the table were connected and she laughed at his mistake, it was an unreal feeling. Being good to her and being with her felt good. 

E) She was 85% definitely not pregnant like the rumors said. 

6) She was the love of his life.

And so, as he skipped class Friday before lunch, he walked around and thought. He thought about Aria, and what it would be like to hold her hand, and to make her choke on his dick, and to watch her blow out the candle on their son’s first birthday cake that he had made (vanilla almond). He did not think about where his feet were taking him, which was headfirst into an angry lady in a suit.

They bumped into one another and the woman dropped a clipboard. “Oh, sorry” he muttered and picked it up for her. A name caught his eye as he handed it back. “Aria....”

The woman snapped her attention to his face. “Aria Phillips, do you know her?”

“Y-yeah. She’s my- well, she’s cool. Why?” He looked the woman up and down. 

Her smooth dark skin was almost as smooth and wrinkle free as her clothes, which looked straight off an ironing board. Her clothes were so crisp and in place she almost looked two dimensional. Her face was the exception to the flat appearance, with her plump lips and soft cheeks and deeply furrowed and stern brow. Her black hair was pulled tightly into a neat ponytail that had swung around as she whipped her head towards him to ask about Aria and now rested neatly in front of her right shoulder.

“I’d like to speak with her. How do you know her?” Judy Dufresne quizzed the boy who looked at her with an expression that was somewhat cowed, verging on terrified. Was she really that intimidating? The Vice Principal had looked at her the same way as he fumbled around the Admin office, failing to figure out how the intercom/speaker system worked. He had tearfully asked her to wait until a secretary or administrator came back from lunch, and looked almost relieved when she said she would just walk to the English room in which Aria was attending class. 

“What? We’re...she’s-”

“Are you dating?”

“N-no?”

“How long have you known her?”

“Idunno, like a few weeks ag-”

“Have you noticed any strange behaviors from her lately?”

“Wha? No?”

“Nothing? No strange actions? No rumors? Has she been talking with strange people?”

“N- I mean, ye- I don’t know her that well. But she’s normal! Well, not normal but, she’s cool!”

“Where you at the pep rally and/or the assembly during the incidents?”

“Yes?”

“And what’s your name?”

“Joey?”

“And your real name?”

“What?”

Judy just tapped her foot impatiently at him.

“Joseph Ignacious Duff.” He subconsciously corrected his posture.

“And you don’t know Aria Phillips that well.”

“Well-”

“Likely story.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “I’ll be checking up on your story, Joseph Duff.”

“What? What story...?” Joseph was having a hard time keeping up with this lady’s lightning pace.

“If you think of anything, you call me. Clear?” Like a magician, she produced a card that she held in front of his face that he wasn’t entirely sure where it came from.

Instinctively, he took the card. By the time he looked up at her again, she was already clacking her sensible heels down the hall. “You better hope your story checks out.”

What the hell was that? Who was that? Asking questions about Aria. Hmph. Like he was some kind of rat who would squeal on her. And she probably did nothing wrong, anyways. She could torture him for all he cared. He would look out for his girl.

Even if that lady - he glanced down at the card - Judy Dufresne had him tied to a chair in an interrogation room, he wouldn’t say a damn thing.

“Not talking, huh?” She would say. “Bad boy.” She twiddled her club while she paced in front of him. “And bad boys get PUNISHED.” She slapped him across his face.

Joey spat out some blood and strained against the ropes. The woman in front of him laughed maliciously. “I have ways of making you talk, you know?”

The woman in the tight police uniform and tidy pencil skirt gently stroked his stinging cheek and lowered herself onto his lap. Her fingers playfully unbuttoned the top buttons of his sweaty, blood-stained and torn shirt.

“And it would be so nice for you if you did talk.” She licked the blood off the corner of his lip and up his cheek. “Real nice.” She nibbled on his earlobe.

“Never.”

She bit down, and Joey felt a trickle of blood rub down the side of his neck that stained his shirt collar. Angrily, Judy ripped his shirt open and the buttons ricocheted off the wall and clattered to the floor. She unbuttoned his pants and his mighty erection burst out. She audibly gasped as his ten inch cock became uncovered. She licked her lips and smiled menacingly.

“A BIG bad boy, I see.” She passionately began fondling her own tits in lust as she looked at his massive member. “And ‘never’s an awwwfully looong time. Don’cha think?” She stuck out her lower lip in an exaggerated pout.

Joey watched as the scantily clad policewoman stripped off her uniform. Then she sashayed behind him and grabbed something from the back of the room. He listened to the clack of her heels on the tiled floor to keep track of her. She moved up behind him, and suddenly there was a burst of pain in his neck. He clenched his teeth together.

Judy waltzed menacingly in front of him again, flaunting a giant syringe. “What I just injected you with, mister Duff, was a perfectly safe neurotoxin. It’ll float around your circulation system doing absolutely no harm. It’s dormant. That is, unless you cum. The moment you ejaculate, the drug will activate - killing you in mere seconds. Now...” She stroked his thigh and up his dick, and then harshly flicked the tip. “You’re going to tell me everything I need to know about Aria Phillips.”

“I don’t care if you kill me. I’ll never betray my Aria!”

“Big words from my big man. I’ll tell you what. If you can make me orgasm before the toxin kills you, I’ll leave you alone and never bother you again.”

Before the hope could truly take a hold of his fugitive form, she menacingly continued. “But I’ll tell you now - no man has ever made me cum.” She chuckled. Menacingly.

“But since I like you... or rather, your enormous dick, I’ll help you out. I want to enjoy myself properly, even if I don’t get to cum. I should have plenty of fun with your thick hot monster cock, so I’ll do you and myself the favor of getting my pussy nice and ready for your large, thick penis.” Judy retrieved her nightstick from the discarded belt on the floor and sat herself facing him on the interrogation room table. She licked her lips and spread her legs, showing him EVERYTHING.

“Since you’re a little... tied up... and can’t use your hands, I guess I’ll just have to rub these titties myself.” She began mashing and kneading her jugs. She lifted up one of them and licked her own nipple. So fuckin’ hot. Joey’s cock throbbed.

Then she brought her hand down and started fingering herself. “MMMMMM” she moaned. “I’m so wet for you and your humongous dick, Joey.” After finger fucking herself for a minute, she took the nightstick and slid it into her cunt like it was a dildo. “Oh yes, Joey. My wet pussy is almost ready for you and your massive jumbo cock!” She rammed the toy in and out of her hard and fast.

Suddenly her round ass was lifted off the table as she screamed and came and squirted. She squirted so fucking hard that some of her juices wet his eleven inch BEAST. “Oh fuck, Joey, I need you inside me now.”

The police woman wobbled over to his chair and positioned herself over his cock. “I’ve also never cum twice in a row before. So enjoy this, because it’s the only chance you’ll ever have to feel this good again!” She slid down his foot long, gigantic pole like a fireman.

“Oh god, Joey, I’ve never felt so full!” Judy cried girlishly on his dick. She began to pump herself up and down and in no time she was riding him and drooling like a bitch in heat.

“You like that? Huh? You like my colossal dick in your slutty pussy?”

“Oh yeah, Joey, it’s never felt this good!”

With a smug grin, he began to pump up his hips to her rhythm. Her moaning only got louder. “Ugh ugh uh uh uh uh uh uh!” She fucked him like a piston. He latched his mouth onto the big jiggly tit in front of him and she arched her back.

“It’s so good! Oh, oh, oh, you’re gunna make me... It’s so big!” She rode him even harder. “Joey, you’re such a MAN! Your gargantuan mammoth dick is making me CUUUUUUUUM!”

It was difficult to hold it in when she came on his king-sized cock, but he just barely kept himself from giving her the biggest creampie of her life - and the final creampie of his own. What a close call!

Dufresne would have fallen off his lap had it not been for the powerful member inside her that held her upright. When she regained consciousness from the turbulent eruption that was her first ever orgasm at the hands of a man, she took a deep breath and clambered off him.

She knocked on the one-way mirror. “Bring her in!” she commanded.

The door to the dark room opened, and a scrawny and pimply looking officer wheeled in a girl with a burlap sack over her head who was tied to an office chair. The weasley looking policeman gawped at Joey before bowing out of the room.

“I’ll admit that you’re quite talented, Joey. I couldn’t even question you properly the second your godlike penis was inside me. But I wonder if you’ll manage to stay quiet when...” She conjured up another syringe and injected it into the neck of the beautiful bound girl with a sack over her head “it’s Aria’s life at stake!”

With a flourish, Judy Dufresne pulled the sack off the head of the other prisoner, revealing Aria’s golden hair and glittering eyes, who looked shocked and scared.

“ARIA!” Joey fought once again with his restraints.

“Joey...” Aria whimpered in a weak voice. And then her eyes widened as she witnessed his titanic behemoth. She blushed and turned her head away. But even with her head turned away, it was like she couldn’t help but to dart her eyes to and from his handsome, glistening frame.

Dufresne stood behind Aria’s chair and began to tug on her victim’s nipples. Aria gasped cutely. “I don’t think I have to remind you, Joey, that the moment I make her cum, the toxin will spread throughout her body and kill her. But you’ll have told me everything I want to know before that happens, won’t you?”

“Oh no! Joey, save me!”

“Don’t touch her!”

Maliciously, Dufresne chuckled. “You didn’t say ‘Simon Says’!” She turned Aria’s head and stuck her tongue in the poor girls mouth, and plunged a hand down to the bound girl’s slit. Confused and vulnerable, Aria’s eyes glazed over and she allowed her tongue to be coaxed out of her mouth so it could play in the air with the lesbian deviant Dufresne.

Aria moaned. Joey struggled against his bindings. Judy cackled.

“Stop that! Get your filthy hands off her!”

“Then talk!” Dufresne spat back her response.

“I- that is...” No matter what he did now, he would betray his beloved. If he spilled her secrets, she was doomed. If he let Dufresne have her way with her, Aria would be killed by the neurotoxin.

Dufresne slipped a finger into Aria’s increasingly wet pussy. “I’ll talk!”

Judy looked up at him and paused. “And what will you say?”

He hesitated. In that moment of hesitation, Judy picked up her knightstick, knelt in front of Aria, and plunged it inside. Aria screamed. Judy pullet the baton out, and a few drops of crimson blood smeared onto Aria’s silky left thigh. 

“Oops.” Judy leered at him. “Mister Duff, I do believe I just took your girlfriend’s virginity.”

Aria was crying, “Noooo! I was saving it for Joey, you monster. You’re a monster!”

“Now that’s just rude. I think you need to be p u n i s h e d.”

Dufresne began to slide the makeshift dildo in and out of Aria’s snatch and pressed her tongue onto the girl’s big clit. Aria didn’t know what to do with herself. She writhed and tried to get away, but it was useless. But when Aria’s beautiful eyes locked onto Joey’s, she seemed to find some measure of strength. She stared at him passionately, and the pleasure began to spread through her body.

Soon enough, Aria’s nipples were pointed like bullets, and her hips rocked ever so slightly against the woman who ate her sloppy pussy.

“Joey...I... I think I’m going to cum.”

“NO!”

“Listen! I- aaaAAAAHHH - I want you to know that I.... oh fuck.... Joey, I love youuUUUUUU!”

“ARIA”

“It was always you, Joey-eyeyeyeyyyy. Oh god. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner... Oh god, no! I’m going to- I’M GOING TO-”

Finding strength he didn’t know he had, Joey finally ripped free from the ropes that held him. Hearing the ropes snap, Judy pivoted just in time to get one last look at his stupefyingly impressive, whopping, herculean dick before he ripped the baton from her hand and clocked her over the head with it.

With Judy passed out at his feet, he turned his attention to Aria.

“Are you okay?” he asked her.

“I held it in, Joey. I don’t want anyone to make me cum other than you, Joey.”

He kissed her. She kissed him back. But then she wrenched away from him. “You can’t, Joey!”

His heart dropped, “Why not?”

Aria blushed and looked down. “I’m too sensitive... you might make me...” She rubbed her legs together.

He sighed with relief, knowing he wasn’t rejected.

“Joey? There’s...there’sanantiserumoverthere.”

“What was that?”

Aria gathered herself at looked at him with her big eyes and pouty lips. “There’s an antiserum over there.” Aria looked pointedly at the other end of the room. It was the area he had been facing away from. But now that he looked at it, the wall was lined with devices and chains and whips, and two bottles labeled “AntiSerum.”

He retrieved the bottles and drank one, and then poured the other into Aria’s mouth. He then set to work untying Aria from the chair.

“Thank you, Joey. You’re my hero.”

“I would do anything for you, Aria.” He struggled with the knots.

“Joey, this is embarrassing, but...”

“What?”

“I want my... first time to be with you. And since I haven’t cum yet, doesn’t that mean that it’s still my first time?”

Joey finished with the knots. Aria rose from her seat and flung her arms around his neck. “Right here, right now. I want you, Joey. Please take my virginity. My aching pussy is begging to cummm.”

Joey picked her up and put her on the table. She looked so beautiful. Her pussy twitched as he lined up his cock with it. He began to push it in. “I love you, Joey Duff. Thank you for saving me.” 

“I’ll always be there for you, babe.” He kissed her. And juuuust as he thrust his penis into her...

Joey came onto the door of the bathroom stall he had locked himself inside. Several shots painted a small section of the door with his foggy white load. He grunted embarrassingly. Fortunately, he was alone in the men’s room.

His fantasies were running too wild in the middle of the day, for real. But he smiled to himself confidently, knowing he had Aria’s back. She’d probably call him her knight in shining armor. He wiped up his mess and sorted himself out, flushing the evidence of his daydreams behind him. He tucked his adequately sized penis back into his pants. He washed his hands and shot himself a smile and a wink in the mirror. He picked up his bag and entered the hallway, making his way to the cafeteria. It would be lunch soon. He had made cookies at home and he was planning to give one to Aria. If she asked, he’d say his mom made it, but he really just wanted to know if she’d like it.

Halfway down the hall he remembered his encounter with the scary lady who had prompted his impromptu strangling of the one-eyed snake. He reached into his pocket and felt the little paper she had given him. He looked around for a recycling bin to dispose of the business card the woman had given him. But before he tossed it, a design caught his attention. In the upper left-hand corner of the paper rectangle was a small regal looking seal, blue and circled in gold. ‘Federal Bureau of Investigation’.

Shit. Shit! She wasn’t just a cop? She was FBI?!?! Woah, cool it. It’s not like he had done anything wrong. And he answered all her questions, right? Aria hadn’t been acting weird, there was nothing to tell. There was no drama. She was...wait. What had the lady asked? “No rumors?”

Oh shit. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed the number.

When Detective Dufresne strode away from the overwhelmed jock, she almost kicked herself for not asking directions. Room 203 - the English classroom. 

“Hey, you!” Judy snapped at a student who was rifling through his locker. 

“Me?”

“See anybody else here? Where are the english classrooms?”

“Down the hall on the left.” Judy walked away without so much as a word of thanks.

“...bitch” the student muttered.

“I heard that. Be happy I don’t have time to deal with you. Today.” Startled, the freckled kid scampered away.
