 Chapter Three

Black pepper is a triple threat!

James was startled awake by a garbage truck clanging some cans around underneath the window, he was drenched in sweat from his bad dreams and he untwisted himself from the sheets.

The sun was pouring through the windows and the power was still off so he had no Idea what time it was.

He slid off the bed and stumbled to the kitchen while his relentlessly hard cock bounced around the hallway.

He checked the whole apartment for Stephanie but there was no sign of her... "She must be at the Hypercore job interview." He said to the empty room.

James slipped on an old t-shirt and jumped back into his swimsuit tucking his unwieldy erection into the elastic waistband; Coffee was the only thing on his mind this early in the morning.

He stumbled into the elevator and out on the street the sun was blinding, but he wiped the sleep from his eyes and continued to coffee.

The power was out and the whole city was eerily quiet, it seemed James was the only one outside on that hot summer morning.

"Where is everybody?" He yelled through the silent street.

He rattled the door of the old coffee shop but it was locked tight, nothing was open. The grocery store, the video store, the ice-cream shop, all closed.

He wandered down the block until he came across a little food truck, the sign had a picture of a cup of coffee and there was a girl standing inside waiting for a customer.

"Hi... Can I get a cup of coffee and a hotdog with everything?"

The girl just stared at him blankly.

"COFFEE?" He said a bit louder.

She didn't respond.

"Are you open?"

Again she stared past him and didn't even acknowledge his presence.

"Please miss, nothing is open and I desperately need some coffee."

She finally responded with a few little squeaks and her eyes rolled back into her head as she started to convulse in some type of seizure.

"OH SHIT! ARE YOU OKAY LADY? DO YOU NEED SOME HELP?"

The girl let out a soft little scream and said, "Yes... yes, please help me."

James was in a panic and ran around to the back door, he fumbled with the handle and when he swung it open he saw...

A cartoon!

He couldn't believe his eyes; the girl standing at the window of the food truck was getting vigorously fucked by a cute Japanese school girl... with a shockingly large penis.

James stood in awe while the cute little cartoon girl relentlessly shoved her giant cock deep into the waitress over and over again.

He stood in the doorway with his mouth hanging open and his mind tried to process how this unlikely scenario has come to be... when a tiny toon fairy fluttered over and buzzed around his head.

She was so small and cute that even though he was in shock he couldn't help but smile, she was completely naked except for a pair of oversized boots and a tiny pointy witch's hat.

"Hello!" He smiled at the little fairy.

The second James spoke a silence fell over the food truck... the well-endowed beautifully inked cartoon Japanese school girl stopped fucking the waitress and the two were motionless.

She slowly turned her head and a rusty squeak sent a shiver down his spine as the fairy ominously closed the door and locked them in.

"Hello..." James said again in an extra cheerful tone.

The truck was dark silent and motionless as he tried one more time.

"My name is James." He said nervously.

The fairy fluttered around in front of his face for a moment before she lit a tiny cigarette and in a gruff little voice, she said, "Hey pepper... check out this thing."

"Yeah, I see it." The girl slowly slid her dick out of the waitress and a cartoonish amount of cum flowed from her human body, it ran down her legs and pooled between her feet.

"Oh Pepper, don't stop, I'm about to orgasm." The waitress pleaded while she desperately humped the air and rubbed her clit.

"Hello! ...My name is James!" He held out his hand and persistently tried to be friendly.

"Hello James." The lovely little anime girl said in a soft, but bone-chilling tone. 

She put her arm out to shake James' hand and it extended like a rubber band all the way across the truck.

He reached out to shake her extendo arm and as soon as their fingers touched she snapped it back pulling James off his feet.

He flew through the air and was gently placed behind the waitress; she was holding onto the little counter with an arched back and her butt out, just thrusting the air and begging to be finished off.

In a flash the schoolgirl slipped James hard cock out of his swimsuit and unceremoniously shoved it deep into the waitresses dripping pussy.

The whole thing happened so fast he was three thrusts in before he realized he was cheating on his sweet wife.

"OH! I CAN'T!" He yelled, "I'M Married!"

The schoolgirl giggled, "Oh James, you silly bitch... it's already too late, your dick is jammed all the way up to her gullet, so you might as just well finish her off." She gently smacked James on the ass and said, "I'm going to go eat an apple."

He hugged the waitress tightly and the toons slippery cum was squishing between their bodies while they fucked.

The schoolgirl sauntered across the truck whistling a tune and pulled an apple from a little cabinet; she casually leaned on the stove and took a big crunchy bite.

"Are you a cartoon?" James asked while he continued servicing the waitress.

"Yup" She answered with a mouth full of apple.

"How?"

"How what?" the girl asked.

"How are you alive... where did you come from... what are you doing here? James asked a barrage of specific questions as he pounded the waitress.

The girl took another bite and fired back the answers. "We were drawn and brought to life... we came from Hypercore... and we're here because there's some shit going down over there."

James was slipping around in the puddle that was pooling up around the waitresses bare feet while they fucked "What's going down at Hypercore, my wife is there at a job interview right now, is everything okay?" The waitress let out a whimper and stood on her tippy toes when she started to orgasm.

"No James... everything is not okay... everything is more fucked than you could possibly imagine." She took another bite and giggled at the question.

The fairy joined her in a giggle about the stupid question James had asked.

Through some heavy apple crunching, she smiled and said, "There's a whole city of toons underground Hypercore, and they're about to storm the facility to escape... the company isn't even going to fight them, they're hoping to just intergrade them into your world.

James held the waitresses breasts and skillfully railed her into a perfect shaking quivering orgasm.

He slid his hand down her slippery belly and gently circled her clit while she trembled around his cock.

"Is that true?" He whispered into the waitress's ear.

"Uh-Hu... it's true." She quietly squeaked and pushed his hand away indicating it was too much.

"And that's not even the worst part," The Japanese cartoon tossed the apple core on the floor and slithered up James body. She gently kissed his lips while he was pumping cum into the waitress.

The fairy buzzed around their heads, "Yea, the worst part is the multi-dimensional war and the time pirates messing with your timeline."

James held the stranger tightly and pumped the last little bit into her while she shook out the last few orgasmic spasms.

Finally satisfied the waitress climbed off of his dick and tracked little cum footprints across the truck when she went to get a bottle of water.

James pulled up his swimsuit and wrestled his eternally hard cock back into the waistband. When the blood started flowing back into his brain he was finally able to attempt to process what the girls had just told him.

"So... you... and that fairy are cartoons?" He asked.

"Oh my god," She giggled and kissed him on the nose, "Let's start from the beginning... My name is Black pepper; The Japanese schoolgirl outstretched her cartoon arm.

James cautiously shook her hand. "It's good to meet you, Mrs. Black Pepper."

She pointed to the back of the truck, "and this super cute little cum filled waitress is Molly." The naked dripping waitress gave a cute smile and a little wave while she leaned on the stove and nibbled the corner of a piece of bread.

"And what's this thing?" James pointed to the fairy quietly fluttering around the truck.

"Oh you son of a bitch, I knew I wasn't going to like you." The fairy got right up in his face.

"Oh wait, skip it's okay, he just doesn't know who you are," black pepper tried to calm down the fairy. "This beautiful and charming little butterfly is the skipper... or Dan the man Jonson, whichever you prefer."

The fairy outstretched her little arm and shook James pinkie. "Dan the man?" He asked.

The fairy smiled. "Yup, but most people just call me the skipper."

"It's nice to meet you, Skipper." James smiled.

"Ok... introductions are done; let's get this show on the road." Pepper clapped her hands together and climbed into the driver seat; she started the engine and yelled, "HANG ON," As she backed out of the parking spot.

"Oh wait, I can't go with you, I have to find my wife, she's in Hypercore and if there's some shit going down like you say I have to save her!"

The toon slammed on the brakes and with a smug look, she said, "Okay, you can go if you want, but if you're trying to break into Hypercore don't you think you would have better luck with us?

The skipper pushed open the rusty back door and sunlight poured in.

A silence fell over the truck while James thought about his next move. "Would you guys help me find her?" He asked as nicely as he could.

"I'll tell you what," Pepper threw the truck in first gear and hit the gas, "We'll help you find her if you help us... if you just do exactly what I tell you to do, and if you keep letting us fuck you like crazy, I promise we will find your wife... I've just been so horny since I came up here." Pepper smiled at the good deed she was doing for her new friend.

James took a minute to think about it, He didn't like the idea of fucking some girls behind Stephanie's back, and she did seem pretty upset when that rollerblade girl sucked him off at the park ... but he would have a much better chance getting her out of Hypercore with the help of these magical women.

"If you can't find your wife, or she's already dead than you aren't really cheating on her are you?" Skipper blurted out.

James saw the catch twenty-two he was in and decided to go with the strangers. "Okay... I'll come with... and I'll help you ladies in any way I can if you help me find her."

Skipper fluttered up and whispered in James' ear, "Say thank you to pepper."

"Oh!" he gently kissed her on her soft cartoon cheek while she drove, "Thank you pepper!"

Black pepper smiled and shifted gears; Molly was being tossed around the back of the truck while she tried to get dressed into her cute little punk rock outfit.

"So where are we going?" James asked.

Pepper spun the giant wheel to get on the highway, "We're going to that sleazy motel on the hill," She pointed to a tall motel sign off in the distance, all of the letters except for the M were burnt out and flashing with a creepiness only antique neon can deliver.

"The motel by the cemetery?" Molly yelled while she danced into her tattered safety pin covered skirt.

"Yup!" Pepper yelled back, "It has a perfect view of the front doors of Hypercore, so when the toons break free we can use the chaos as a diversion to sneak in."

"That's a pretty solid plan pepper!" Skipper complimented.

"Thank you!" She smiled.

When the ancient food truck lurched into the parking lot a family of raccoons scurried from a garbage can and hid under the porch.

They jumped out and James did a little stretch. "Man... to call this place a shithole would be a real compliment."

"It's the location, see?" Pepper pointed down the hill at the heavily armed security guards standing in front of the entrance to Hypercore. "Half a million horny toon's flowing through those doors sounds like a pretty good distraction."

"Half a million?" Molly asked with concern.

"Horny?" James asked

Skipper giggled "Maybe more... it's about to get really fucking weird around here."

"Okay, here's the plan, I have this disguise so I don't have to explain why I'm so cartoony," Pepper pulled a rubber Nixon mask from her bag and put it on.

James and Molly looked at each other and giggled.

Pepper continued, "Okay, let's go get a good room with a window that faces Hypercore, Skipper, you should hide so we don't look suspicious.

"Oh! But I brought a disguise too," Skipper held up a tiny little Nixon mask."

"I don't think those masks are going to help either one of you," Molly said matter of factly.

"Oh okay fine I'll just hide." Skipper conceded before she flew down James shirt, slithered down his pants and straddled the base of his hard cock like she was riding a horse.

He peeked down into his swimsuit at the tiny girl clinging to his cock, "Seriously, that's where you're hiding?"

"HEP HEP, LET'S GO!" She waived a little cowboy hat in the air and poked the base of his shaft with some tiny little spurs on her tiny little cowboy boots.

"OWW! SKIPPER! TAKE THOSE OFF!" James yelled into his pants.

Pepper adjusted her mask and straightened up to get into character. "Okay are you guys ready?"

"Yup, let's go!" James could feel the Skipper's tiny naked body hugging his dick while he walked and he was surprised at how nice it felt.

In the lobby James and Molly stood on either side of a small Richard Nixon wearing a Japanese schoolgirl outfit, Pepper used a fake deep voice and said "We would like a room with a window facing the security guards in front of the Hypercore building, please. 

There was an awkward silence as a loud clock ticked in the background.

The woman behind the counter was ancient, and she has seen every type of nonsense the world has to offer... so when the trio came through the door she didn't ask many questions.

"Are you Richard Nixon?" She asked in the most deadpan way.

"Why yesss, I ammm." Peppers voice was exaggerated and muffled under the mask.

"Hmm... Okay, Mr. Nixon, I'm going to need a credit card, check out is at noon."

"Okayyy!" pepper broke character for just a moment to loudly whisper to James, "Psst, James give her your card, I don't have any money."

"WHAT? I have to pay for this?"

"That's the deal!" She whisper-yelled, "You do what I say and let me fuck you all day or your lovely wife dies."

The old woman behind the counter raised one eyebrow.

"Okay fine!" James handed his card over and the old woman swiped it.

"Here is a key and some towels, your room number is 101 next to the Jacuzzi."

"Ooo a Jacuzzi!" Skipper yelled from inside James pants, everybody's eyes shot down to his talking crotch.

"Oh, ...I'm a ...famous ventriloquist." He explained.

"I see... and your puppet... is... your penis?" the old woman asked, she knew she didn't want to hear the answer but she asked anyway.

"Ummm..." James was grasping at straws trying to explain his talking dong when pepper took over.

"Uh, its, uh, a tricky dick?" she said from under the mask.

"OKAY, WE'RE DONE HERE! ...YOU FOLKS HAVE A NICE NIGHT!" The old lady yelled.

On the way to the room, pepper slipped off her mask and said, "Way to go guys that went great, we totally played it off!"

The room was just awful, the dark wood floors clashed with the pink walls and the screen on the TV was smashed in with a size 13 men's wingtip jammed in the hole.

Black pepper opened the drapes so they could watch Hypercore while Molly immediately stripped naked and threw her clothes all around the room.

"I'm going to take a shower; do you guys need anything in the bathroom?" Pepper asked as she slid out of her uniform.

Molly jumped up, "Yeah, I want to brush my teeth!"

James pulled his t-shirt off and slid his swimsuit down; skipper was fast asleep still clinging to the base of his cock.

He gently scooped her up and carefully put her in the soft Kleenex box and covered her with a tissue like a little blanket.

"James! Come in here! We need your help with something!" Molly yelled with a mouth full of toothpaste.

James jumped up to see what the problem was, only to see Pepper, fucking Molly while she brushed her teeth.

"What do you guys need?"

Molly made a silly face in the mirror at him and with a toothbrush sticking out of her mouth she said, "Would put your dick in Pepper while I brush my teeth please."

"Yeah, put in!" pepper demanded.

James slipped in behind the girls and slid his cock up her soft toon inner thigh; He slowly pushed in until he felt her body open up.

"Hey!" Pepper yelled, "That's the wrong hole!"

"What!" James slid down her soft body to see exactly what he was dealing with down there, "Pepper! You have a dick AND a pussy?"

"Pepper smiled while she gently fucked molly, "Yup, and a butthole! I'm a triple threat!"

"That's crazy!" He yelled .

James stood up and slid between her soft cheeks, when he slowly thrust his way deep inside the delicate cartoon it pushed peppers dick deep inside Molly's body.

Our heroes comfortably fucked while Molly brushed her teeth for the full dentist recommended five minutes.

He could feel pepper tense up around his cock when she was about to orgasm and Molly gasped when her insides were filled with slippery cartoon cum. 

She smiled and spit toothpaste in the sink as pepper went limp and just hung between them.

"Are you guys done?" She smiled in the mirror.

"Yeah!" Pepper said while James pushed in deep lifting her off the floor.

James slid out and pepper followed, Molly had a river of cum flowing down her legs and she left little wet footprints all over the floor of the motel.

Pepper jumped into the shower and James crawled into bed, He was exhausted and he laid on his side watching Molly's naked body bounce around the room.

She tried to turn on the TV but it didn't work... she pulled the shoe from the hole in the screen and tried again... again it didn't work. 

"What are we going to do in here?" She asked while she rummaged through the drawers.

"Sleep?" James asked through a yawn.

"Aww, you're so sleepy." She smiled and gently kissed James' lips.

"ALRIGHT!" Molly yelled and pulled a copy of the Great Gatsby from the bottom drawer of the nightstand. "This is perfect!" 

She snuggled into little spoon position in front of James, his cock slid between her slippery butt cheeks and she lay on her side to happily read the first chapter.

Molly pushed back a little bit and rested her warm little asshole on the head of his cock.

"James?" She asked.

"Yes, molly?" He yawned.

"Could you still sleep if you were inside me all night?"

James didn't answer; he just snuggled her tight and kissed her naked back, he wiggled around a little bit slowly working his way inside her thin little body.

"Thank you." She whispered while she nestled into him and read her book.

James gently held one of her breasts and kissed her neck before drifting off to sleep.

He awoke in the middle of the night feeling strange, He was wedged in-between the girls. He had his arms wrapped around Molly and peppers arm were wrapped around him, 

He could hear tiny little snores coming from the Kleenex box and he looked past Molly's hair out the window. The two guards were still standing out front of Hypercore, and nothing seemed out of place.

James snuggled down between the ladies and realized he was stuck on something.

He wiggled around a little bit and realized his cock was still deep inside Molly's tight little asshole. He smiled and when he gave a little thrust it became clear what was happening, he pushed back into pepper and felt his insides opening up.
