 Everybody Pees In the Lake

The horny young couple put on their shoes and headed out the door through the dark and muggy hallway of their old apartment building.

When they stepped into the ancient rickety elevator Stephanie waited for the doors to close before jumping all over him.

She took full advantage of the small amount of time before the doors opened and slipped his hard cock out of the thin swimsuit, she slid it between her legs while slowly grinding him as they passionately kissed.

On the ground floor their neighbors the Swenson's were waiting to get on, and having plenty of notice before the doors opened James and Stephanie were nonchalantly standing at opposite sides of the elevator.

"Are you guys going for a swim?" Mr. Swenson asked observing James swim trunks and naked torso.

"Yup... in the rain!" Stephanie drunkenly answered.

Mr. Swenson laughed, "Well be careful out there, you crazy drunk kids."

"Weee wiiiill," Stephanie sang as she danced James out of the elevator.

Out in front of the building, he could feel the heat rising from the sidewalk and the whole city had that familiar smell of summer rain and steaming blacktop.

He unlocked both of their bikes so Stephanie didn't have to bend over and expose herself while she took a big drink from the Mason jar. 

She got a handkerchief and some Purell out of her bag to clean off her leather bike seat, "You have me so wet I'm going to be sliding all over this thing." She gave him a sly look.

"Well I'm trying to ride with a giant boner, so don't complain to me."

She giggled and slipped her hand into his pocket to give his cock a loving squeeze before they left, "Well I'm sure it will go down as soon as we start riding."

"That's doubtful, especially if I'm staring at your cute butt bouncing on that bike seat the whole way." James did a funny little eyebrow thing.

"Ha!" She laughed and kissed him long and hard, the sky was an ominous green and it started to sprinkle on their overheated bodies.

A small car parked across the street caught Stephanie's eye, it was rhythmically bouncing but she couldn't see anyone inside.

James strapped her bag to his rack as Stephanie slid her naked legs over the saddle and mounted her trusty steed. 

They rode in the bike lane on a quiet street and while James followed her he stared at her cute naked butt, she was occasionally exposed when the wind lifted the back of her skirt.

Her slippery little pussy was just sliding around that warm leather saddle and it was driving him mad.

The rhythmic pedaling of his bike with the cool rain was causing his cock to slip and slide around his stomach in a way that was so pleasurable he wasn't sure if he could make it the whole way without accidentally having an orgasm.

He looked down at the head of his cock peeking through the waistband of his swimsuit and thought that if he did cum, at this angle, it would probably shoot right in his own face.

James remained steadfast and fought through the pleasure as he knew how disappointed Stephanie gets if he cums anywhere outside of her body.

They stopped in a busy intersection so he pulled next to her and gave her a kiss while they waited for the light to change.

The grimy city was just alive around them, and in the thick exhaust of heavy traffic, Stephanie was doing these cute little thrusts while secretly grinding her clit on her soft leather bike seat.

James glanced over and saw an older couple sitting at the bus stop; she was sitting on his lap slowly bouncing.

When the light turned green Stephanie leaned forward to stomp on the pedals and her tiny skirt lifted momentarily exposing her tight little asshole to the world, it took every ounce of strength James had not to slip his tongue inside right here in the street.

When they arrived at the park James locked up the bikes. He was startled by a man and woman rustling around in the bushes next to the bike rack but he didn't think too much of it, he just took Stephanie's hand and they ran through the sand until they reached the water.

The sky was bright green and there was thunder and lightning off in the distance over the lake but there were still quite a few people swimming.

They swam past a cute couple holding each other tightly and quietly bouncing in the water and as soon as they were deep enough to cover their shoulders Stephanie secretly slipped James cock out of his swimsuit and used it to pull him close.

She wrapped her body around him like horny little squid and slid him between her legs.

She put her arms around his neck and they slowly danced while they kissed. "This is so nice." She said while she shifted her hips secretly grinding his cock under water.

James smiled, gently kissed her ear and agreed, "It really is." He squished his feet into the sand to keep his footing as the waves splashed their faces.

After quite a while of comfortable aqua snuggling, he noticed everybody getting out of the water.

"Everybody is leaving," he whispered in her ear.

"Good... When they're gone we can go up to the golf course and you can fuck me silly." She whispered back.

"Did you bring that lube?"

"Of course I did." She smiled.

"Watching your pussy slide around on that bike seat almost made me cum in my pants on the ride over here."

Stephanie looked at him wide-eyed and said "OH MY GOD! That would have been so hot!"

"He kissed the top of her head and giggled, "I thought you would like that."

"If I'm ever being so sexy that it makes you uncontrollably orgasm while you're riding a bike I want you to let me know immediately so that I can watch you cum." She said through a serious smile.

"HA! Ok, I'll let you know... and you do the same."

"Ok... it's a deal!" She shook his hand under the water.

"And... umm," James continued, "the way my cock was tucked into my pants... if I did have an orgasm, I would totally cum in my own face."

"OH MY GOD, now THAT'S the hottest I have ever heard!!" She yelled while she was grinding his cock.

Obviously overcome with the thought of this embarrassing scenario, Stephanie grabbed his head and angrily whispered in his ear "Let's get back to shore so you can fuck me limp."

"We should wait until some of these people leave."

"Pffft, ok fine... stupid other people." She joked.

"Stephanie, I can see right through your shirt when it's wet... just so you know."

Her shirt was clinging to her perky breasts and her hard nipples were clearly visible.

He reached up to gently give them a little squeeze and Stephanie just melted into his hands while quickly sliding her clit on his cock under water.

"Come on, let's get out or I'm going to cum right here," She threw her head back and closed her eyes while she held his shoulders and quickly slid up and down.

"It kind of looks like you might have already past your point of no return." He laughed.

Over the years James has come to know Stephanie's body really well, she was determined to hold off her orgasm but he knew better.

"NO, I'm not going to do it yet, I... want... want... to wait until we're on the beach with wave's c... c... crashing over us like on the cover of a cheesy romance novel."

He kissed her forehead and watched her facial expression change when she begrudgingly accepted the orgasm.

The warm wind picked up and lightning peppered the sky as a girl in a tiny white bikini swam past them.

James held Stephanie tight and she quietly moaned into his bare chest while she shook and stuttered in orgasmic bliss.

On the shore, everyone was packing up their big umbrellas and coolers getting ready to leave, and they were soon the only ones in the water.

He kissed the top of her head and said, "We should probably get out, that lightning is getting closer.

"Nooo, let stay for just a few minutes, it's so comfy in here," She danced around a little and James could feel the warmth of her peeing on his cock while she slid it around her clit.

"Did you just pee?"

"Yeah... everybody pees in the lake." She said sweetly while she buried her head in his chest.

James just laughed and kissed the top of her head; "no matter how many years I spend with this girl she always finds a way to surprise me." He thought.

They held each other for a few more minutes before Stephanie slipped his dick back into his swimsuit and they held hands as they trudged out of the lake.

Once on dry land, they sat on a park bench smoking and watching all of the people leave.

A couple passed by and Stephanie noticed that the man had his hand deep in the back of his girlfriend's pants, "Is that guy fingering that girl while they walk?" She asked in amazement.

"James looked over but they were far in the distance, "I'm sure they are not."

Stephanie was pretty sure he was but didn't bring it up again. "Come on; let's go into the forest so we can fuck." She said excitedly.

The rain was picking up and when they reached the path he put his arm around her and she snuggled close, she slipped her hand in his pocket and slid her rain-soaked fingers up and down his cock as they walked.

A bright flash of lightning and a thunderous BOOM startled everyone on the path and there were many people walking the opposite way, James and Stephanie were the only ones on the tree-lined walkway that were actually going into the park.

Stephanie squeezed his cock hard when they both caught eyes and smiled at a beautiful jogger passing by.

She laid her head on his shoulder and whispered in his ear, "Could you gently tickle my clit while we walk?"

"Sure," he giggled and hugged her tight.

James slid his hand up the inside of her thigh and let her legs guide his fingers sliding around her slippery pussy with every step. 

"Oh, yeah that's nice." She slowed her pace and was very deliberate with her steps as she guided his hand with her movements; she slowly pumped his cock to the same rhythm.

The rain was pouring down and they walked for quite a while smiling and nodding to people exiting the park while secretly pleasuring each other under their clothes.

There was a momentary break in the foot traffic on the busy path so James sat on a bench and pulled her into his lap, she arched her back while she slowly sank his cock deep into her warm body.

Stephanie playfully bounced around until they were both on the verge of a very public orgasm, but James knew she was trying to hold off and would probably stop before they were actually pushed over the edge.

With little warning a scruffy old man rounded the corner and was coming up the path, it was already too late to pull himself out of Stephanie's perfect little body so she just waved as she casually sat on his lap.

"Looks like rain." The old man grumbled.

Stephanie writhed with pleasure and casually said. "Yeah, it's gonna be a crazy storm."

The old man watched while the young couple was obviously making love.

"Can I get in on that?" He pointed at Stephanie.

"WHAT! EWWW!" Stephanie protested.

"GET OUT OF HERE YOU CREEP!" James didn't like the old man propositioning his wife at all.

"You're the creeps." He said before moseying down the path.

When the old man was out of sight Stephanie kissed James while she climbed off, "That was weird." She said as she slipped her hand back into his pocket and secretly held his slippery cock while they continued through the park.

When they took a quick break in the soft grass of a baseball field, the pouring rain drenched their skimpy clothing and they talked while sipping mojitos from the Mason jar.

Stephanie stood up and slid her dripping wet pussy up his nose demanding he tongue her clit while she held the jar and tried to light a joint, the warm rain made it difficult but she eventually got it lit.

She sat down across from him Indian style and passed it over while James shamelessly stared at her smooth pussy pressed into the wet grass.

"So tell me about your new job?" He asked in a deep voice while he held in a hit.

"Ha," Stephanie smiled, "I didn't get it yet, the interview is tomorrow morning, it's like for a sex study or something."

"Are they going to just like ask a bunch of questions about our sex life?" James passed the joint over.

"I don't know, probably... I suspect they will just have me rate porn or test a vibrator or something like that, the pay is crazy though."

"Well, maybe now you can afford some panties." James joked and pointed the joint at her naked pussy in the thick soggy grass.

"Heeey, I can afford them... I just don't like them" She giggled.

They hung out in the sopping wet field talking and occasionally going down on each other for quite a while before continuing down the busy path.

Stephanie secretly held his cock while James gingerly tickled her clit under her light and breezy skirt, they pushed through the crowd of people trying to escape the downpour but eventually Stephanie could no longer take it,

She twirled around and looked into his eyes while the rain washed over her face and flowed between her breasts like a little sexy river, "I need to cum right now." She whispered into his ear.

She kissed him and slipped his cock between her rain-soaked thighs; she stood on her toes and let out a gentle sigh when he slowly sunk deep into her body.

The path was alive with people flooding from the park trying to escape the rain while the young couple slowly danced and kissed. Stephanie had her head on his shoulder and was making quiet little squeaking sounds in his ear as they secretly fucked.

She was lifting herself to her toes and quickly bouncing around when she noticed another young couple standing next to them on the path, they were holding each other close and kissing.

She climbed off of his cock, turned around and whispered, "Put it in my butt for just a minute."

He slid between her slippery cheeks and could feel her body open up as she slowly sunk him deep inside.

They stood in the wet grass next to the path and he casually hugged her from behind while he was secretly rooting around in her tight little asshole.

Stephanie glanced down the path and saw a rather large woman of leisure completely naked and bent over a fallen log, she was happily getting fucked by a team of cute guys.

"James!" She whispered, "Check out that lady over there."

James turned to see the impromptu orgy taking place down the path but was distracted by the moans of the strange couple making out in their personal space, the girl rudely bumped into Stephanie when she knelt down and unzipped the man's pants.

With James hard cock buried deep in her little body, Stephanie was still somehow appalled when the young girl pulled her boyfriend's dick out and was sucking it, right in the middle of the path.

Stephanie looked around while she hung from her husband's cock, and on the bench across from them was another lady squealing and shamelessly riding some guy... and down the way a man was laying in the grass while a woman quietly sat on his face, he was completely naked and his dong was pointing to the sky.

"JAMES! WHATS HAPPENING HERE?" Stephanie yelled.

James looked down the path and half of the people were casually having sex and the other half just watched in shock. 

"I don't know, what's with this park?" he muttered as he slowly filled her with cum.

Stephanie locked her knees and straightened up while she scanned the park trying to understand what was happening. 

James pushed deep inside and was pumping the last few drops deep into her tight little asshole when she noticed a cute rollerblade girl; she was coming straight for them at a dangerous speed.

"JAMES WATCH OUT!" Stephanie yelled as she pulled his dick from her body and scrambled out of the way.

James didn't move in time and the strange girl knelt down as she rolled in and skillfully slurped his cock into her mouth upon impact.

James was stunned and just stood there while this stranger vigorously sucked.

"JAMES!" Stephanie yelled, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"

"I DON'T KNOW!" He tried to pull his dong from the girl's mouth but the smooth rolling wheels just pulled her along, he did a little spin and the girl spun with him, connected with only suction.

"I CANT GET HER OFF!" James yelled while he pushed her head away, but the more he struggled the tighter her grip.

"LADY GET OFF MY HUSBAND!" She yelled at the stranger, but the girl ignored her demands.

James tried to run away but the girl just rolled along with him. "WHAT SHOULD I DO!" He yelled when he started to cum for the second time in minutes.

"LADY, HIS DICK WAS JUST IN MY ASS!" Stephanie yelled and pushed the girl down.

The rollerblade girl fell over and knocked her helmet on the blacktop, but quickly shot back up and returned to the dick.

Stephanie didn't know what to do; she had so many feelings while she watched her husband orgasm into some other girl's mouth.

He closed his eyes and quickly thrust deep into her throat as cum flowed through her nose and dripped down her chin.

"JAMES QUIT THAT!" She yelled.

"IM TRYING!" He yelled back while the stranger stood up. She slipped her headphones on and wiped the cum from her face before casually skating away.

"JAMES!" Stephanie scolded.

"I DIDN'T DO IT!" He yelled panicked. "She just wouldn't stop."

"Were... were you just raped?" She asked.

"I... I don't know... She wouldn't stop... but I did cum... is that rape?

Stephanie was silent for a moment, "I... I'm not sure... it's definitely a grey area.

The young couple looked around the park at the unprecedented display of shameless public fornication and it was just too much for them.

"LET'S GET OUT OF HERE!" Stephanie yelled, she took her husband's hand and they ran down the path.

By the time they reached their bikes the sky's opened up and it was a torrential downpour, James fumbled with the locks and the rustling in the bushes that was a mystery when they locked up was now clearly a pile of naked men openly fucking each other.

James pulled the bikes out while Stephanie watched the guys fucking and casually played with her clit in the pouring rain.

"Are you ready?" He asked.

"Hang on a minute," She craned her neck over the bushes to get a better look at the cute boys shamelessly fucking each other. "This is pretty hot; it's like a real-life porno." She said while she peered over the hedges and casually masturbated.

Lightning cracked through the sky and the pounding rain was pouring down the back of her thin tank top, her horny little nipples were clinging to the soft cotton and she bent her knees to get a better angle.

As she leaned over her short skirt lifted in the back just barely revealing her sweet pussy lips. James snuggled in behind her and slowly slid his cock up her inner thigh, she gasped when he sunk it in deep.

Stephanie squealed and happily watched the live show while James gave her another thorough pounding.

The thunder and lightning was getting more intense and James could feel the inside of her body tense up with every startling thunderous boom.

She arched her back and stood on her toes when she started to cum, but she didn't take her eyes off of the boys in the bushes.

James held her breasts and hugged her tight as she shook and shuttered in orgasmic bliss.

One of the boys smiled and waved at her as he took the pounding.

Stephanie slid his cock out, slithered down James body and gleefully rolled around in the slippery wet grass for just a moment enjoying the post orgasmic swoon.

"Okay! Are you ready?" She popped up and asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"Yup!" James smiled back and rolled her bike over to her, she threw her leg over and slid her pussy lips up and down the dripping wet leather seat a few times before stomping down the pedals end scooting down the path.

The two young lovers slowly rode down the empty streets in the pouring rain, and James followed close behind to shamelessly watch her perfect naked butt straddle the soft leather bike seat and bounce down the bumpy road.
