 CHAPTER 1: ANIMA UXORIS

 It's strange to be back in college again after two decades.

As they say, however, the more things change the more they stay the same. After the first two weeks I find myself easily falling back into the same old habits that served me well the first time around. Classes...study...copious amounts of coffee...more classes...more study.

I'm not sure exactly what prompted me to return to this environment. Maybe I simply needed a change after spinning my wheels in a pointless burnout for the last ten years.

I look up from the textbook I'm reading and decide to take a short, mental break. All this endless, dry reading has my eyes starting to swim. I inhale deeply and issue a long, drawn out sigh as I rub my temples lightly.

Leaning back in my chair I gaze around the library and note with a small sense of sadness how empty the place seems. With all the electronic means available now, very few of these kids want to crack open a real book. I can't help but feel old as I catch myself thinking this "back in my day" thought.

Not that I appear anywhere close to my real age, mind you. I'm not talking about being in my forties but looking thirty-something, either. I flat out look exactly the same as I did when I was twenty years old, which was over twenty years ago.

I'm a smidgen over six feet in height, possessing a lean but athletically built frame which I maintain with an hour of calisthenics and running every morning. I have short, black hair that hangs lightly against a face many a woman over the years has called "gorgeous", and my eyes are a liquid, emerald green that can be piercing or attention grabbing depending on my mood.

It's all a mask, though. The proverbial "sheep's clothing" that this wolf hides within.

I'm not exactly human. Eternal youth, if I play my cards right, is one of the side benefits of being what I am. Fravashi is what my people call themselves, though legends would call me an incubus.

It's not as bad as it sounds. I'm no soul-stealing demon sent from the pits of hell to rape women in their sleep. I promise.

Blah. My heart just isn't into my studies at the moment, and I can't help but feel like I'm grinding gears at this point. It's Friday afternoon, so I have all weekend to get around to this. I decide to head home and maybe relax for a while.

I gather my things, leave the library, and walk toward the parking lot. As I near my vehicle I notice a woman parked a few spaces from mine. One of her back tires has gone flat, and she's in the trunk of her car, struggling a bit as she pulls at a full-sized spare tire within. The sound of her muttering mild curses under her breath comes to my ears.

I can't help but regard the smooth slopes of her gentle, womanly curves. She's obviously in shape, probably a runner like me, but still has that soft, feminine aspect to her. Not bad at all. Very pleasing to the eyes from the back.

Call me old-school, but I firmly believe a gentleman offers a lady help in situations like these.

I clear my throat before asking, "Would you like help with that?"

"I got this," she insists in an angry tone without turning to face me.

She grunts and finally yanks the spare free. The tire swings out and around and bounces from the ground a few times, the woman leaning on it briefly and emitting a heavy huff of relief. She stands and turns to face me.

Despite the look of irritation on her face, my breath is knocked from my lungs at her raw, natural beauty. Her raven-black hair is thick and wavy, cascading down to her shoulders like a waterfall of shimmering ink. There is a very light smattering of freckles over her cheekbones and across the bridge of her dainty nose, below which lies a pair of voluptuous, pouty lips. Long, lush lashes surround a pair of pale blue, ice-colored eyes.

Those stunning, unique eyes grab hold of me, and my heart skips a beat or two as my mouth drops open a hair. Her eyes are like a deep winter well, and I want to throw myself into their cool depths. I haven't felt an attraction this strong since...let's just say for a very, very long time.

She stares at me for a lengthy moment as I fight to regain my wits, an inscrutable look on her face. I'm guessing she's in her mid-twenties, probably an undergraduate senior or perhaps enrolled in this university's grad school program.

"I'm sorry," she apologies for her brusqueness, her tone softening. "I don't mean to be rude, but I have this handled."

I feel a profound disappointment at her refusal of assistance. It would have been nice to speak with her, however briefly, but I sense she's having one of those "life moments". Something has her angry and stressed, and nothing I do or say right now would earn me any of her time.

"That's okay," I say, giving her the friendliest smile I can muster. "I can respect someone who isn't afraid to get their hands dirty. Have a nice day."

I turn to leave with a heavy weight on my soul, and I can't help but curse my luck. It's as if poor timing on my part has ruined something that was otherwise destined to be. I could make her accept my help by reaching in her mind and gently pushing her toward accepting my will, but that isn't the sort of thing I do without a damn good reason. That would be worse than simply walking away. It's no way to start a relationship.

Alternately, I could peer inside and read her mind, using anything I glean to strike up a conversation. I'm hardly what you'd call a master, but I'm pretty decent at reading surface thoughts. That would be just as bad, though. It's an invasion of privacy that, once again, I don't ever do without a damn good reason.

I'm fully prepared to file this chance meeting into the "what could have been" cabinet when she speaks again, her sylph voice stopping me dead in my tracks.

"I...I'm Phaedra," she gives her name with slight hesitation.

I spin back around and gaze into those stirring eyes of hers again. Maybe all is not lost? A long forgotten feeling takes root in my somber heart, a feeling I never thought I'd experience again.

Hope.

"I'm Max," I return the introduction.

She hesitates again, as if considering something, and then steps forward a pace. She sticks out a dirt and rubber smudged hand. I grasp it lightly, trying not to make my grip too firm or too sloppy as I give her a quick handshake.

"Really, though...thank you for the offer, Max," she says as she releases my grip.

"You're welcome," I nod.

"Maybe...maybe I'll see you around," she says with that same hesitation in her voice.

Is she feeling it too? Can she feel that same, inexorable pull toward me that I feel toward her? If it's destiny then I will see her again.

"I hope so," I smile, feeling a touch awkward now. "That would be nice."

I kick myself mentally. I'm usually much more suave than this, but she's making my mind feel like a quivering bowl of Jello.

"Take care," she tells me.

Phaedra starts to roll the spare tire into position. Although she turns to shoot me a brief, sidelong glance, I sense our short interaction has come to a close.

"You too," is all I can manage.

* * * * * *

My head is still a-spin when I plop down on the poofy cushions of my living room couch. Using the clicker to flick on the TV, I mindlessly surf channels while only half watching. Nothing grabs my attention, so I shut off the tube after a few minutes.

Leaning back, I realize I can't get Phaedra out of my head.

There is movement from the nearby hallway, and I see my roommate Charli walk into the living room. "Roommate" is a bit of an understatement, though. Like me she is Fravashi, but she's a succubus, the female counterpart to the male incubus. If not for Charli I'd probably be dead by now, having ended myself with a downward spiral of self-destruction. After my life-shattering loss those ten long years ago, she took me in and cared for me when she didn't have to...kept me sane...kept me alive.

I'll always love her for that, but it's more like the love of family mixed with a romantic kind of feeling. I know from a human standpoint that sounds badly twisted, but I'm Fravashi...not human. Things like this aren't exactly the same for us. Though Charli and I aren't related by blood or spirit I've come to see her as a sort of surrogate sister. Only sort of...

Charli is free of any clothing, her naked skin glistening slightly. She's using a bath towel to dry off her short, brunette hair after the shower she obviously just had. The sight of her trim frame and cute little jiggling boobies raises an instinctive stirring in me down below. My eyes travel lower down her slim body, and I notice that she shaved everything, too.

My hot little firecracker of a roommate has that particular, adult beauty that comes to a woman as she nears thirty, though I know she just turned one-hundred this year. In another hundred years, fate willing, she'll still be just as alluring and youthful-looking.

"What's up, Charli?" I ask, my eyes traveling back up.

"Oh, hey Max," she greets, lowering the towel as she notices me for the first time. "When did you get home?"

She ruffles her hair before folding the towel over one forearm.

"A few minutes ago, I guess."

Charli looks at me with her soft, brown eyes, and her face suddenly holds a thoughtful expression. She walks over to the couch, drops the damp towel on the carpet, and sits next to me.

"You just missed saying 'hi' to Robert," Charli informs me.

She leans back a bit and stretches leisurely. Her display is obviously for my benefit, so I don't feel bad at all as my eyes roam over the sweetness of her supple body.

"Oh yeah? Been a while since I've seen Robert around. How's the big R doing?"

"Vigorous as always," Charli smiles. "And you haven't seen him around because you've had your head buried in books for two weeks."

"Well, duh," I say jokingly. "Ever heard of 'college'?"

"Ever heard of 'the weekend'?" Charli winks at me. "We're going out tonight."

"You and Robert?"

"No...you and me, silly!" she giggles. "I've been missing you. I want some Max time."

I feel a little dubious about the thought of a night on the town. Even with Charli sitting next to me, so close and naked as the day she was born, I still find myself thinking about Phaedra. I'm not sure I'd be very good company with my thoughts so occupied.

"You met someone today, didn't you?" Charli asks, her eyes narrowing at me.

"Hey, mind reading is my thing," I chuckle.

"I don't need to be psychic to recognize that look, Max. I'm happy for you. It's another reason we have to go out tonight. How long has it been since you were on a real date? I'll be your girlfriend tonight. I'm gonna get you back into the swing of things!"

"Okay, okay," I relent, knowing Charli won't let up until I do. "I'll take you out to Sullivan's tonight. Good enough?"

"Great!" she says, giving me her huge, beaming grin. "But first..."

Charli sits up before turning to straddle me so we're facing each other. I can't help but look down at her sexy lower lips as they spread slightly and come to rest over the iron-hard bulge beneath my jeans. She places her hands gently on my shoulders. I look up into her graceful, loving eyes as my hands come to rest on her petite hips.

"It looks like I have some business to take care of," she says in a suddenly sultry voice as she shifts her valley slowly back and forth against my jeans.

I sigh quietly at the sight, anticipation building within, and ask, "You didn't already get enough of this with Robert?"

"I can never get enough of this," she giggles in that cute, girlish way of hers. "You know that."

"I know."

"And besides," Charli continues, leaning forward with a desirous gaze, "it isn't the same with a Paramour as it is with you."

"I know."

"Plus, you haven't put out in like two weeks. Not since you started college," she adds, leaning even closer. "You must be starving."

I nod, realizing she's right. I've gotten pretty good over the years at controlling my urges, and sometimes I don't notice how low I've gotten on Potency, the sexual energies that are my peoples' life blood.

"Yeah," I whisper. "I'm hungry."

We kiss long and slow, our tongues sliding and playing together. I can feel the burn and know Charli is feeling it too. My hands rise from her hips to toy with her modest but firm breasts, and I can feel the hardened points of her excited nipples. I pinch and squeeze just the way I know she likes, my succubus lover moaning into my mouth.

The little vixen extricates herself from our kiss and steps from the couch, kneeling on the floor directly in front of me. She removes my shoes and looks up at me with her eager eyes. Her fingers climb my jeans, and with a teasing slowness she undoes the button and lowers the zipper. I lift my hips from the couch cushion so she can strip me of my lower clothing. My stiffened tool is freed, and Charli moves upward to inhale deeply as she tosses my pants to the side.

"I love that smell," she smiles, her tongue flashing quickly over inviting lips.

She grabs me softly around the base and holds me so I'm angled toward her face.

"Mmmm," she hums.

Her tongue flicks out to lick the precum from my tip, the sensation sending a brief, sharp tingle through me. Charli tickles my head with her tongue. That small, pink, dexterous mouth muscle of hers swirls around the crown of my manly tower, and then it's gliding up and down, her saliva slicking my shaft.

"You do that so well," I compliment softly.

"I know," she smiles.

Charli's lips part, and then my length is sliding into her warm and wet mouth with her unhurried but deliberate pace. I sigh again and can't suppress a shudder of delight as she moves me in and out in that slow way she knows I love. I'm only barely larger than average sized down there, so Charli has never had issues engulfing me completely. She pauses at one point, when her lips meet my neatly trimmed hair, and her tongue slips around me in slow waves. She starts making small humping motions with her face, the tip of me grinding in her throat.

"Oh fuck!" I cry out.

I guess it has been a while. I can feel a twitching crescendo build with a suddenness that takes me by surprise. That familiar, melting feeling begins at the base of my spine and spreads into my crotch and abdomen.

A magical and intimate bridge spans the gap between our two Fravashi souls as I begin cumming. Charli's essence, her Potency, flows into me as my own pleasure flows back to her. My manhood pulsates with each spurt, and the darling little succubus gulps down my seed as she shudders, feeling precisely the same orgasmic bliss that I'm experiencing.

After sucking the last drops from me Charli sits back.

"God I love that," she utters in a husky, lust-filled tone. "You cum better than any Fravashi I know."

It's not the first time she's ever said that to me, but it's still an ego booster when she does.

"Thanks," I smile. "And thanks for the Potency."

Charli reaches up to grab my still solid erection and asks, "He's not done yet?"

"You're kidding, right?" I chuckle. "When is he ever done? I'm Fravashi."

"Good," she says before standing and turning around. "Time to give you one of mine."

With her backside to me, Charli places a hand on each of her ass cheeks, parting them so I have a full view of her womanly spread and the pucker above it. I hold my cock forward as she slowly lowers herself downward. I penetrate smoothly into her drenched playground, eliciting grunting moans from both of us.

My lover places her hands on her small breasts and begins massaging them, periodically pinching the nipples. Her ass rises and falls rapidly, the hot sheath of her passions stoking my fires once again. She rides me backward like this for an enjoyably long time, with her sultry sex slamming hard and repeatedly against my pelvis. I love watching her tight, toned little backside as she works that amazing physique of hers.

"Ooooh...so...good!" Charli grunts huskily as her cheeks slam down one last time onto me.

And then, I feel that bridge forming again as she starts to cum this time. Charli only lets a small trickle of my Potency to flow to her, but she allows the full force of her breath-taking orgasm to pound into me.

Yes, I know what it feels like when a woman cums. A Fravashi woman, at any rate. It's surprisingly similar, yet at the same time so different from what a man feels. It knocks the air from me as my senses light on fire. Wave after wave of Charli's intensity flows into me. My little lover lifts herself from my shaft, and I'm left sitting on the couch with the shuddering aftershocks of her orgasm rippling through me.

Charli turns to face me and utters in a sing-song voice, "Some-body liked that."

"Hell yeah I did. I always do."

Charli holds out a hand. I take it, and she lifts me into a standing position with a strength that belies her small frame. We embrace and French kiss again in the gentle afterglow of her shared orgasm. My Fravashi soul is filled with power once more, leaving me feeling light and airy.

As we kiss I remark on what a wonderful friend Charli has been to me this past decade, and what an astounding lover she is. She has suckled me, allowing me to nurse from her in this manner without asking for anything in return except my companionship. She's cradled, nourished, and looked after me all this time.

After what happened back then, those ten years ago, I couldn't bring myself to have another Paramour, another human lover. I still feel the pain of that loss, and probably always will, but Charli makes it bearable. Back then, I was ready to give up, ready to let myself whither and die, but she wouldn't let me.

Something comes over me, and I lean back from our kiss to blurt out, "I love you, Charli."

Her eyes widen, and her lips spread in a stunned smile. This is the first time in a decade I've said those words to anyone, the first time I've felt I could say them and mean it.

"I love you too, Max!" she declares joyfully.

She wraps her arms tightly around my middle, pressing the side of her head against my chest.

My voice wavers with the strength of what I'm feeling for Charli as I reveal, "If...if I ever decide to have children I want you to be their mother."

Charli leans back, her eyes wider than ever at my words and her mouth hanging open in complete and utter surprise.

"I...that would...I'm..."

Oh shit. I didn't push it too far, did I? I know she loves me and has for a long time, but maybe she doesn't love me quite like that? My heart pounds with a sudden fear of her rejecting this idea.

"Is this real?" Charli asks, hugging me again with her head against my pounding heart. "Am I dreaming?"

"What do you mean?"

"I would be honored to be the mother of your children," Charli breathes softly.

* * * * * *

About a week ago I was driving around town and indulging in a bit of nostalgia, visiting all my old haunts from my first college days. I was a little amazed when I saw that Sullivan's still stood after two decades. I didn't go in then. Instead I parked across the street, stared at the building, and sat for a while fondly remembering those days long past.

Tonight, though, I walk inside with Charli close by. I'm glad when I see Sullivan's is still a sports bar, but I'm a little surprised at how much it's changed since back then. It still seems popular with the younger college crowd, but the old-school charm is gone, having been replaced by a newer, flashier interior.

"Wow," Charli remarks as she looks around. "This place is nice. I'm not under-dressed, am I?"

I look again at her white, leather cowgirl boots, hip hugger jeans, dark blue blouse, and white, half-height leather jacket. No, if anything you're over-dressed I think.
