 NOTE: A lot has happened between the last upload and this one! Thanks for the well wishes on graduation and the patience. And the suggestions. I've listened to them and I'm steering the story in the direction that most of you seem to want to go in. I'm starting to see how the rest of this story will unfold, and it's glorious.

Also, I was propositioned by one of my readers. There is a kinky man somewhere willing to dominate me. I am very flattered and very embarrassed and very much so not responding to that email. But it made me laugh and smile, so I figured I'd share that with all of you.

Anyways - perverts, let's march! I present to you Chapter 16.

*****

At This Point in Time: Aria, a normal high school senior with a lascivious penchant for mischief, has discovered how to stop time. In the process of having oodles of time-play smexy times, she may or may not have caused a 'terror attack' and drawn the eyes of the media, and an intuitive FBI investigator, onto her tail - a tail that was already chased by a handful of mildly-brainwashed students, a moronic but socially powerful Queen Bee, her own older brother, and a teacher. At the end of the last chapter, Aria was at the local hospital, unaware of the investigation taking place there.

And while that was happening, in another part of town...

---------------

Jeffrey Krocker was a reasonable man. He wasn't exactly up-tight, he thought, but straight laced compared to many other men his age. After graduating high school he had not hesitated to move forward to a respectable college, where he obtained his teaching degree and even minored in Environmental studies. Jeffrey Krocker was a conscientious man, you see. He liked to believe that people had the power to impact the world, and he took it upon himself to make as big of a ripple in the pond as possible. He didn't just recycle, he composted. He didn't just teach, he moulded minds. He was a good man, doing good things.

He reminded himself of that as he led a scantily clad student hanging on his arm into a movie theatre to watch a romantic comedy about a couple with an age gap. Lauren Valdevillia was dressed like the true object of his fascination had been dressing lately: short skirt, low cut top. The only difference was that Lauren had even less cloth and at least twice the make-up, and also kept pulling out her phone to take a selfie.

"Put the phone away!" He hissed at her in a low voice, trying to draw as little attention to himself as possible. Lauren huffed.

"Just one selfie. Come one, be in it with me. Smile!" Mr. Krocker made a grab for the phone when Lauren stretched out her arm, but she pulled it away in the nick of time. "Nah ah ah! I wouldn't want you playing around with anything on here!"

Mr. Krocker grumbled, but relaxed when the cheerleader slipped the phone back into her little purse. He could not, absolutely not, have any evidence showing what he was doing now.

"Don't worry, Jeffy-poo. I remember our bargain. You go on a date with me, bump up my grades, and the inappropriate pictures on my phone magically disappear."

Jeffrey, good man that he was, was cornered into a bad, bad position. But he had no one but himself to blame. His actions of late had been... dubious. Ever since one of his top students decided to let her hair down, to be exact. What had happened to him that day was inexplicable, inexcusable. Looking at Aria, he sported an unexpected, unwanted, unbelievable erection that unwound all of the good karma he had built up for himself.

That girl. That girl! Aria must have known what she was getting him into! That little...no, he couldn't think that way. She was just a student. Young. He was the adult, and he should have controlled himself better. At the very least, he shouldn't have even been close enough to her in an empty classroom that such compromising photos of he and the girl could be taken. How the hell did Lauren even have those pictures, anyways! Didn't she have cheer practice or remedial lessons or something?

He cast the thought from his head. He couldn't even blame her for those photos, really. As a student, reporting inappropriate faculty behavior is the right thing to do. That said and all, she decided instead to blackmail him. And he better thank his lucky stars that she decided to blackmail him instead of taking those photos straight to the principal. With all of the heat coming down on the school lately, Jeffrey would be out on his ass before you could say "pink slip," and probably barred from ever teaching again. Life over at twenty-seven. Pathetic.

He located the ticket counter and endured the stink eye directed at him and his young... date. He had tried to avoid this by going to a theatre on the other side of the city and a town over, but even if no one recognized him, the age difference wasn't exactly unrecognizable. "Theatre 2, hallway on the left." The employee slapped the tickets down on the counter instead of placing them in Jeffrey's outstretched hand. 

As he turned for the theatre, Lauren cleared her throat "You have to buy me popcorn."

Jeffrey swallowed down whatever was about to come out of his mouth and instead grumbled "Anything else?"

"You know what, since you brought it up, can you get me a bottle of water? Thanks." Lauren waved at him while he stalked towards the snack counter.

As soon as his back was turned, Lauren pulled out her phone again and texted Kyle. "Were r u?"

"Bathroom."

"Get out here and take pics! Need it 2 look like he's all over me."

"He'd be an idiot if he wasn't ;)"

"Guess hes an idiot then. He wont touch me"

"Just keep trying. He'll give in before long. And don't worry about the pics. I'll take care of it."

"Thx babez!" Lauren tucked her phone away before her teacher got back. She smiled. Yeah, she promised she wouldn't take any pictures on their "date" and she would delete the pictures she had of him and Aria on her phone, but she never said anything about Kyle. He was the one who took the photos in the first place.

After Lauren's nudes had leaked again, and this time by accident, she had wondered who did it. She didn't think anyone had hacked her accounts, and she knew the photos leaked weren't ones she sent to Kyle, so he didn't do it. And the guys who she had sent the nudes to were too pathetic and dumb for something like that.

Other things had happened at the same time. When she brushed her teeth, her toothbrush felt and tasted weird, and her shampoo smelled different, and she was suuuper picky about her shampoo. And her vibrator was somehow broken. When she checked the front door of her house there was a broken piece of plastic on the ground - a piece of someone's library card. She swore someone broke into her house just to mess with her, or that she had a stalker, but her parents didn't believe her because nothing had been broken or stolen. And the name written on it - well, partial name - was revealing in it's own right. "-illips."

But Lauren knew, she just knew, that it was Aria. Aria Phillips. The little slut who wasn't even on her radar a couple of weeks ago was totally behind it. Ever since Lauren spread the rumor that Aria was pregnant, the little blonde bitch had it out for her. It was so unfair, but Lauren was down to play. She told Kyle that if he wanted to get back together with her (they had broken up again because he cheated on her or something), he needed to follow Aria around. Lauren was even surprised about how into the idea he was - like really into it.

She knew he was doing it when she spotted them together at lunch break, and hardly any time at all had passed before he sent her a series of pictures taken through the window of the English Classroom Krocker both taught in and apparently thot in. And Aria was totally banging the teacher.

That was when Lauren planned her retaliation. First, she was going to win over Aria's little toy teacher. Then Lauren was going to show Aria how wrapped around her little finger Krocker was, maybe send her a snap of her riding Aria's little boyfriends dick. And she would make Krocker break up with her and call her a slut. And then Lauren would go crying to the school board and tell them that Aria was pregnant with Mr. Krocker's baby.

Like who the hell was Aria anyway, stealing her friends and suddenly dressing like Lauren. Maybe Aria WAS a fucking stalker. Like, what was her obsession with Lauren's life? God, she sucked. But you know what? Whatever, because Lauren was gonna do Lauren, and fuck the fucking haters. They didn't know who they were messing with.

Mr. Krocker came back and tried to hand Lauren her snacks. 

"Um, hellooo? You're supposed to carry them into the theater for me. Where are we sitting. You better have got us good seats after dragging me all the way out here."

Jeffrey Krocker reminded himself that he was a good man, led his student into the mostly empty theatre, and tried not to trip her when he held the door for her. As they took their seats, the lights in the room dimmed, and Lauren's boyfriend quietly slipped into the room.

"Excuse me, what are you doing?" Judy "Detective" Dufresne dropped the jelly legs of the girl on the examination table she was holding and strode over to the door to the examination room. Who the hell was peeking in? This is a private area in a damn hospital! 

Just as Dufresne wrenched the door open to confront the blue eyed peeper, Aria came to her senses. She turned her fight, flight, 'freeze' into a time freeze and froze her way out of there before the Detective could get a full look at her.

Aria exited the hospital, restarted time behind some bushes, fought through the nausea that hit her from 'teleporting' and quickly jogged through the parking lot and away from the hospital. Fuck. She got carried away again. She was having so much fun playing doctor, and witnessing the pleasurable aftermath of her actions (man, she loved how all her teasing on someone compressed all her touches into an instant of pleasure. Watching people absolutely erupt in orgasm was so hot) that she dropped her guard and was spotted. By one of the terror attack investigators, no less! God she was so stupid. And why didn't she use her time powers sooner? She held eye contact with the woman for like five seconds! If this were a TV show or something, the audience would be so pissed she kept forgetting her superpowers!

Just as she was about to kick herself, in the literal sense, she heard someone calling her name. She looked up and around, panicked, before her eyes locked on him. Almond skin, coffee eyes. Biceps that could potentially be described as 'rippling'. And that charming salesman smile that made Aria's toes tingle.

"Antonio?" He slid up to her and lifted her hand to press a kiss to the back of her fingers and shot her a wink. Aria had to freeze time for a bit so he wouldn't see her blush. She put on a little smirk and pulled down her top a little before resuming her interaction with this serendipitous distraction who had sauntered her way.

Antonio was the guy at the shoe store she had visited when she went through her post-power glow-up. The man who caressed her feet as he placed them into bright red fuck-me pumps. Or was it strappy stilettos? All Aria knew that he was the one sending her some of the saucier texts she had been so busy with since her newfound popularity.

"I haven't seen you in a while, my temptation" Oh my, was he always so direct? Then again, she did come on very strong to him. And she was very receptive to his advances in his texts. She wondered if he thought he had her wrapped around his finger, and not the other way around. Clearly, she would have to rectify that if that truly were the case.

She pulled her hand from where his lips whispered against it to lift and turn his chin, hopped up on tippy toes to place a greeting kiss on his cheek. The stubble on his cheeks scratched her lips. Aria's heels dropped slower back to Earth than they had lifted, pulling back slow enough that Antonio leaned in as she leaned out. Her hand fell from his chin to draw a line down his chest as she replied "It's good to see you again."

He smiled a lopsided and confident smile once his senses returned. "Trust me, the pleasure is all mine."

"What are you doing here?" It was an odd place for a reunion, a hospital parking lot.

"I was just visiting my grandmother. She's very ill." A dark shadow flashed past his eyes. Aria was sidelined by this. Not for the obvious reasons. It was a bad flirt to ask why someone was at the hospital. But she wasn't floored by her own insensitivity. The exact opposite, actually. A sexy latin man with whom she had strong sexual tension with had just sighed as a dark shadow passed his eyes as he thought of his sickly grandmother. Was this telemundo or something? Either way, his dramatic sensitivity was hot as fuck. Dios mio!

Aria "hmm"ed in a way she hoped sound sympathetic and not too sexual. She tilted her head to catch his eyes again. "Sounds like a rough day. What do you say we go do something to cheer you up?"

Aria had hoped that the hungry look in his eyes would return, and was instead pleasantly surprised by a boyish glint and smile. That reaction was yummy in its own right. 

They linked arms and promenaded through the busy city streets, chatting and flirting. Aria felt like her heart was getting quite the workout today. Between the police and the hospital and now the suggestive chit chat with a slightly older man, Aria had barely had a moment to settle the thumping in her chest. But at the same time it was exhausting, it was exhilarating, and she didn't want to pause time just to take a nap in the middle of town. So when they strode close to a cinema, Aria pointed it out with a wide smile.

Antonio protested at first, spouting some reasoning to do with not being able to gaze on Aria's exquisite beauty in a dark theatre - but a sudden pain in his feet like someone had stomped on them seemed to make him more eager to sit down through a movie. Antonio went to pay for the tickets, but when he drew out his credit card by the ticket booth Aria beat him to the punch with a 20 dollar bill she seemed to conjure from midair. She smiled at him and winked. "My treat."

They headed over to the theatre on their tickets and hurriedly found their seats. Aria surveyed the room. Not very many people where there since it was an afternoon showing but she spotted a handful of people, mostly women. Aria didn't particularly care what they were watching, but it was some raunchy comedy or other. Antonio guided them to the back.

Distractedly, Aria followed the nicely-rounded rear to the darker back part of the theatre and only at the last second glanced at an unexpectedly familiar pair sitting in the second to last row. Aria tripped lightly, and stared at the two while Antonio pulled her into a seat beside him in the back row. Second guessing herself, she studied their silhouettes from behind. They were definitely familiar silhouettes. She had done some risque things with those silhouettes. What were the chances they were here. Where they on a date? What were the odds?

Aria froze time just as the lights dimmed and the opening credits began to roll. She couldn't help but to investigate. It just seemed so... unlikely. Not having any need to follow decorum in her frozen time space, she vaulted over the seats in front of her and peered at the face of the man and woman in front of her. 

It was them alright.

Sitting there, holding hands and eyes focused on the screen in front of them was Beth and Aaron from Aria's bus route. It seemed like such a long time ago, like ten chapters or so, that she had last given them a spare thought. But it looked like they were going strong. Aria wondered if maybe she had a little something to do with that and smiled. She was the one making their bodies move unpredictably on the bus in a lustful beeline to their partners crotch. Aria had even seen the pair smushed into the corner of a hallway at school, tongues down each-others throats and Aaron's hands down Beth's pants. Discreetly, but not discreetly enough that the observant hallway nympho couldn't figure out what was going on. 

Laughing at the coincidence of running into the two of them there, Aria chuckled her way back into her seat, thinking about how to prepare for the show. And, of course, she wasn't thinking about the movie.

Beth was feeling unexpectedly horny. Shortly after the movie started, her lower region began to heat up. Maybe it was because of the unexpectedly sweet gesture Aaron had made earlier when he embraced her when they met up, and whispered into her neck with a kiss that every day he got to be with her was amazing. She looked up at him, and noticing her turning her head, he threw an arm around her neck to hold her closer. He snorted embarrassingly at a gag in the movie and Beth found it endearing instead of that little bit annoying she usually found it. Ignoring the heat building in her loins she looked back at the movie. Three guys having an argument and one of the three thought it was about penis sizes. The dialogue was laden with euphemisms. Really, it wasn't a sexy scene at all. And it made her laugh. Normally, something like this wouldn't make her hand slide down her pants with a mind of its own. Beth wasn't even that horn- as she thought that a small shockwave of pleasure made her jump. The hand in her pants met with a warm steamy wetness.

Meanwhile, Aaron was really enjoying the movie so far. And he was in a really good mood. Ever since he worked up the courage to play around with his girlfriend a bit more daringly and publicly, they were closer than ever. And having more sex. Well, that might be because of whatever chemical or hormone they were exposed to at school, but he felt like their chemistry had improved even before that. And here he was on a date with his cute as all hell girlfriend, and if things kept going this well, tonight was going to be incredible. Though there was a weird sound that was distracting him from the movie.

Aaron turned his head to locate the source of the noise, and it took him a moment. The noise was very quiet and coming at irregular intervals. He looked at Beth to see if she was bothered by it too, but she had her eyes closed. Did she fall asleep? A deep sigh whispered from her lips and her arm moved, and the sound, a small *schlick* hit him like a silenced bullet. Suddenly, the movie was a lot less important. He lifted Beth's face to his to kiss her, and held back his perverted smile as his hand sank down to meet hers.

Beth wasn't so surprised at being caught in her actions by her boyfriend so much as she was astonished by how boldly he dove in to get his participation trophy. While their tongues clashed, Aaron's fingers encompassed her own, laying his palm on the back of her hand and placing his fingers over hers. Breaking from their kiss, he whispered in a hoarse voice "This hand is mine."

When Beth paused, wondering what he meant by that, he explained himself with his actions. He used her hand like a computer mouse, sliding her own hand over her own skin and clicking on her buttons through her fingers. He made her masturbate with her own hand, under his control. The sensation was odd. Normally, your body knows where you are and where you are going when you touch yourself, but under his care, her hand felt half-foreign. The element of surprise that was so refreshing when having sex with a partner was there, but it was mired in the familiar feeling of controlling her own hands and pleasures.

Just as she was getting used to the feeling, he dipped their hands lower. She spread her legs wide to grant them both easier access. Using this invitation to his full advantage, Aaron slid both of their fingers into Beth's core. Beth's body, expecting the penetration of one finger, as was customary in Beth's solo routine, was startled as two forced their way in, making her gasp, and then cough to cover up the sound she made. Holy shit, her boyfriend was fingering her in a movie theatre!
