 Recap: High School student Aria has discovered time powers that let her get away with every naughty little urge that pops into her head (like arousing people in public, making out with her teacher, or making an entire school of students cum simultaneously in what people initially believed to be some sort of strange and sexual terrorist attack). Or, at least, she thought she could get away with it, but the consequences are catching up with her. Lauren Valdevillia has photos of Aria making out with her teacher, and is blackmailing that teacher for various favors. Aria believes, due to this, that Lauren and Krocker are having an affair. 

Furthermore, FBI agent Judy "Detective" Dufresne has caught onto Aria's scent in connection to the strange and impossible recent happenings. And Aria is running around like usual giving mystical boners to any guy or girl who looks her way, slowly but steadily training a large portion of the student body to lust after her. And that's not even to mention the messy problems with her brother, the sexual tension between herself and her friend Lindsay, the rumors Lauren spread of her being pregnant, how Lauren's (sometimes ex)boyfriend Kyle has been monitoring Aria secretly, and a plethora of other problems that she's dealing with one time-freeze at a time.

Luckily, time powers never get old.

NOTE: This chapter is a little bit short, but I wanted to get another chapter out quickly. 

I may not like it, but my currently unemployed ass had plenty of time to write this recently. This chapter was inspired by the fans of the teacher's pet scenes and desire for risky public realtime shenanigans. Thanks to my awesome two volunteer editors who are rockin' it!

Anyways, let's take a step back from Aria and have a look at what's been going on around her. Enjoy!

-----------------------------------------------------------------

LakeWood High was waging war. Several wars. While the principal and vice principal were fielding the CDC and police and FBI, the teachers attempted to corral the untamed students. The media was pressing in on them from one front, and the PTA from the back. The week following jizzgate *AHEM* the terror attack was a circus act of juggling pandemonium and their legal obligations as a public school to provide an education for the youth of America.

The building had been inspected, professionally cleaned, and inspected again. And then they were fined for a couple of health code violations in the cafeteria. Then they were inspected some more. There was no trace of the mysterious chemical or force that had caused over a thousand people to orgasm simultaneously during a school assembly.

They had all of their tech inspected. There was a concern that a computer virus had caused pornographic content to pop up on screens during class time. They found a virus or two, sure, but nothing that was particularly serious, or of the specific nature that could cause such classroom disruptions.

The staff were inspected as well as interrogated. The teachers, whom had not been afflicted by jizzgate, had suffered the attacks precursor. The Friday prior to the major attack, during a pep rally, the teachers had displayed orgas-- similar symptoms to those the students suffered on that Monday. Background checks had been run. Mr. Corgnac, the Economics teacher, was asked to resign due to the findings, though his sordid history turned out to be unrelated to the current crisis. No one would miss him, anyways. There were a lot of student complaints about his misogyny to begin with.

The water supply was tested, and plumbing examined. There was not something in the water. The vending machines and freezers were purged. As expected, there was plenty of dubious and suspicious findings there (hence the fines for health code violations) but there was not a single hint as to how that could cause spontaneous orgasm.

The walls themselves were inspected for any trace of mold. Turns out there was just a smidgen of asbestos in one of the bathrooms, but otherwise there were no issues. The ventilation system was examined. No traces of strange gases or chemicals - just bugs and dust.

The school nurse had the toughest time of all, but she, like all the rest, had no answers to give.

But answers there were. It was just that they were wrong answers. Some conspiracy theorists claimed it was some sort of alien beam, or government project. A few religious paranoists believed it was the latest sign that the world was ending. Or that a demon had ravaged the school. The answer that most people accepted, however, was the one presented by psychologists. Mass hysteria.

"Brought about by stress," the psychologists said, "and our social nature as humans." It has happened numerous times throughout history, they explained. A stress induced psychosis, like is theorized to have happened in France during The Dancing Plague of 1518. In fact, there is already a term for this - MPI (Mass Psychological Illness) or Mass Hysteria. Jizzgate was exactly typical, it seemed, given the circumstances, for an MPI at LakeWood High. There was even a checklist of things that qualified a social phenomenon as an MPI.

Symptoms that have no plausible organic basis;

There were no issues with the air, the food, the water.

Symptoms that are transient and benign;

Historically, this was often euphoria or panic. An orgasm was just as plausible.

Symptoms with rapid onset and recovery;

Jizzgate had occured and ended within minutes.

The presence of extraordinary anxiety;

What else could describe the experience that is High School?

Symptoms could be spread via sight, sound or oral communication;

A small handful of students (such as one Lauren Valdevillia, who remained anonymous to the public, admitted to faking their symptoms.)

A spread that moves down the age scale, beginning with older or higher-status people;

The teachers had experienced a public orgasm in front of the students the week before.

Those were the points of reasoning made by psychologists, and it was the explanation the authorities eventually confirmed to be the cause of the so-called terrorist attack, "Jizzgate." The sexual nature of the outburst was clearly due to the nameless computer virus that had been exposing the students to porn, which had seeded a sexual anxiety that shaped the MPI intrinsically.

But there were still questions, of course. Such as, if this was Mass Hysteria, then why was there confetti? And who had filmed and posted the now viral video of the incident from the hallway peering in, and how did the videographer know that this would happen? But those questions were swept aside with the comforting relief of having an answer to the mysterious happenings at LakeWood.

And so, for the past week, classes had resumed with varying degrees of success. There were many absences, and a lot of requests from parents that their students be transferred to other nearby schools.There was always at least one reporter loitering around the school's entrance hoping to win an interview with one of the students or staff. 

And furthermore, despite rebooting all their systems, the strange virus had returned, but instead of showing classrooms a variety of porn, it now opened youtube videos of the "SallyWood" challenge. SallyWood was the safe-for-work name of the hot new trend of having a bunch of people in a public place do the cafe scene from "When Harry Met Sally," a bit like what happened at LakeWood. It was like the Mannequin challenge or Harlem Shake challenge, only with loud, sexy, fake orgasms. At the end of each video, the cameraman would spin the camera to their own face and say "I'll have what their having!" One McDonald's in Florida was in hot water for filming the SallyWood challenge at work, and ending their video with the McDonald's jingle remixed as "Ba-da-ba-bap-baam, I'll Cum in it." And so the kids at LakeWood High were banned to bring McDonald's at school.

Truly, it was a time of crisis for the school.

No one was more keenly aware of this than Mr. Krocker, the young and handsome English teacher, who was trying very hard to behave. He was under scrutiny, as all the teachers were, and if he wanted to keep his teaching license, let alone job, he needed to be the defining example of a good teacher, employee, and man. But that was hard to do when he was being blackmailed by one student, and seduced by two.

Lauren Valdevillia, scourge of the school that she was, had pictures of Mr. Krocker with his tongue down the throat of Aria Phillips, one of his students. The photos were graphic and unmistakable. Apparently Lauen's boyfriend had been spying on Aria, and the sycophantic lackey had sent this to Jeffrey Krocker's current blackmailer.

In order to keep her silence, Jeffrey had agreed to do a variety of things that went strongly against his moral code. He had to fix Lauren's grades. She was no longer a C+ student, but an A- one. The same went for Kyle, the creep who ought to have been expelled rather than just given a week of detentions for dry humping some girl in his art class "as a joke." Lauren forced him to take her on a date, all on his dime, of course, as well as having forced him to participate in a sext conversation over the last few days.

He deleted everything she sent him as soon as he got it, but was forced to reply salaciously lest she began threatening to turn him in. Jeffrey had tried to play the metaphorical "Uno"-esque reverse card on her - since she had sent him dirty photos, after all. But she didn't even flinch. "My nudes are already leaked. What's a couple more? And isn't revenge porn illegal? Just a thought."

More like "just a thot," he thought. 

Lauren Valdevillia was a girl who had his balls in a vice-like grip, and he had no means of escape.

Aria Phillips, however, was the girl who had his balls in her grip, literally. In the middle of class. During an exam. How did this happen!?

It was his third class of the day. His AP English class was having a test that had been postponed for too long due to all the goings-on. He was wary of this class, particularly because of that little minx who had decided not only to continue to tempt him, but had for some reason redoubled her efforts since last weekend. There had been some touching - and for some reason, her briefest touch could cause an overwhelming, almost otherworldly reaction from him. Now, all it took for him to gain an unsightly erection was to make eye contact with her, or to even think of her for more than ten seconds when he was alone.

And damn it if she wasn't playing with his most intimate fantasies, ones that were unknown even to him until she started to tease him like this. She had worn several outfits that played to the schoolgirl fantasy - on Monday it had been a white button down shirt with a plaid patterned skirt. On Wednesday, it was glasses, a neat braid, and a sweater with a wide, low neckline, and a diamond cable pattern running down the front. Today, it was a black button down shirt, a pleated black skirt, glasses and a side pony-tail.

He could not have picked any outfit more stereotypical school-girl fantasy than those if he tried. And what made it worse, was that if you didn't have this fetish in mind, anyone else would just think she simply dressed smart, casual, and attractively; and not at all like the porn stars that kept popping up on his screens. And they had been showing up on ALL of his screens - on his phone, his personal laptop, and tablet. 

He wanted to blame his dubious search history on the school virus, but his work pc, the one in his classroom, seemed to be the only properly functioning one in the school. No, it was when he was checking his phone in the hallway, or browsing his tablet while students were doing an exam, or when he was texting, that suddenly he would find himself on google with the phrase "teacher creampies naughty student" typed into the search bar, or watching a video along the lines of "She'll take the D to get an A." Subconsciously, it seemed, he would end up seeking out schoolgirl porn whenever his mind drifted.

It felt like he wasn't even doing it, yet, the results were there. It was so immoral and so wrong. Especially because he was a teacher, this was exactly the kind of thing he should stay away from! It was so wrong... but so, so hot. Every night this week, despite the pressure from work and his blackmail predicament, he had found himself indulging in his fantasy with his stiff cock in hand. And the sexts from Lauren only fueled that. And his lust for Aria, who seemed to exist only to tease him to the brink of insanity every time he saw her at school, put a face to his fantasies that made him cum harder.

When he handed out the exam to the class, instead of handing them out to each student personally, he had the class pass them around, hoping to avoid any unnecessary contact with the blonde temptress. He quickly explained the exam. Write the definitions to the vocabulary, and provide an example sentence. Write two short essays answering two of the five options for writing prompts. He answered the usual questions about whether they should use a pen or a pencil. Yes, books were allowed and quotes were expected.

When the students began the exam, only then did he allow himself to look over at the object of his recent obsession. She had chosen to sit in the very back of the classroom today. It was unusual, since recently she had been sitting right by the front, so that when he lectured he could see her chest bursting out of her top, squeezed between her arms that rested on her desk. He had caught himself more than once trailing off mid-sentence while eyeing the small nub-like protrusion in her top

No, she was as far away from him as possible, he noted with a feeling somewhat akin to disappointment. Holding in a sigh, he seated himself behind his desk and pulled out his tablet. He had papers to grade, but was saving them until he got home, to distract him from his illicit fantasies. He listened to the soothing scribble sounds and susurrus of sighs and turning pages.

He unlocked his tablet and began playing some mobile game silently. A few minutes passed in this little moment of bliss. He looked out the window at the blue sky and green grass of the football field. It was moments like these that he found the strength to deal with all the bumps in the road that was his life. When he smiled back down on the tablet, he found himself smiling at a young asian girl with her tits smushed against a chalkboard being eaten out by a portly professor on his knees.

Flustered, Mr. Krocker glanced around the room as if expecting to be caught. However, it seemed he was startled for nothing. Even Aria, who had a knack for catching his eye at exactly these times, paid him no heed. No, she just licked her plump lips and bit her lower lip in concentration, her pen pushed to paper, and her free hand playing with the button at her shirt's collar.

He shook his head and exited the tab. However, the tab that opened as he clicked out of the first was another indiscreet video of a student sucking the teacher's cock under the desk while the teacher stuttered out a saucy lecture about eroticism in literature to his classroom of over four students. Mr. Krocker laughed internally - if only the public school system actually allowed for such small low-production-porn class sizes. He reached up to click out of the video when suddenly his whole body jumped an inch off his seat.

It didn't make sense. Sure he was constantly living in a state of arousal recently, but the sensation of his dick going from 10% hardness to 90% in three seconds flat was an unexpected development. Can dicks even go that hard that fast? What flashed through his mind then was the pep rally, when he and the other teachers were suddenly overwhelmed by pleasure.

The talk of terrorism was down, but fear still clutched at his heart as he wondered "was it happening again?" Wide eyed, he looked at his classroom, and then down.

What he was seeing was impossible. Under his desk, just like in the video on his tablet, was a blonde schoolgirl playing with cock. "Wh-!" the girl quickly raised a finger to her lips and shushed him. He looked up again, locating where the supposed culprit sat. Was Aria somehow...

He blinked and rubbed his eyes - it was like a cold wind had stung them, like someone had blown directly into his eyes. When he opened them, he saw that Aria was still sitting at her desk, concentrating on her test. Suddenly, that feeling in his eyes happened again. He looked down, blinking rapidly. There she was, under his desk. This was... some kind of hallucination, right? But Aria's seat was empty now.

Soft fingers stroked the length of his shaft, which was somehow now outside of his unzipped pants and piercing through the flap in his boxer-briefs. The girl under the desk smiled up at him and winked. And in the blink of an eye, she was gone. Aria was in her seat, copying a quote from the book onto the test paper. And he'd be pleasantly surprised about how quickly one of his students had progressed from the first part of the exam, had he not been distracted by the Aria under his desk that had somehow managed to pull his pants down to his knees so that he now sat bare-assed on the office chair.

It couldn't be real, but this was the situation Jeffrey Krocker found himself in during third period's AP English exam. Aria literally had him by the balls.

And what balls they were, Aria thought. She had been teasing Mr. Krocker all week, harassing him and molesting him whenever he so much as looked at her, as both punishment for his going on a date with freaking Lauren Valdevillia, but also training him to be absolutely overcome by lust by the time she put the current plan into action. And judging by the confused and glazed look in his eyes, she had succeeded spectacularly.

Aria took the time - via freezing time, of course - to grab somebody's sweater and lay it on the ground at Mr. Krocker's feet. Having her bare knees on the cold linoleum, with tiny specks of dirt digging into her skin was very uncomfortable, which she had not anticipated when she planned this little revenge prank out.

Returning to her stage, she crawled once again back under Mr. Krocker's desk and checked that she was fully concealed from any prying eyes. Freeing the fourth dimension as nonchalantly as anyone else might swallow, Aria prepared to swallow Mr. Krocker's penis. She began to lubricate his phallus with her tongue.

And exploratory hand reached under the desk to touch her, to confirm she was really there. Aria caught the hand and guided it to the back of her head, and forced her teacher to push her head deeper into his crotch, around his throbbing member. 

He had to be delirious. Unless Aria Phillips, high schooler, had some kind of magic teleportation ability, she really shouldn't be there. He reached under the table to touch the spectre that was slobbering on his overheating cock, and nearly squealed as that same spectre caught his hand and ran it through her hair. He looked nervously around the room yet again. With his left hand, he had accidentally lowered the tablet so it lay flatly. A student could see! He hurriedly lifted it up again and got a fresh eyeful of the porno playing on the device. The girl in the video had her face pressed right against her teacher's pelvis, as the horny professor fucked the girls mouth and ejactualted directly into her throat. He looked down again at Aria and gulped.

Her eyes smiled cruelly up at him. She had by now doused his cock in her spit and was presently sampling the occasional beads of precum that welled up at the tip of his urethra. He seemed especially sensitive there and delighted in taking full advantage of that.

Carefully, so as not to make noise, Aria took a deep breath and slid his cockinto her mouth. As the head pressed against the back of her mouth, she suppressed the urge to gag by calmly breathing through her nose. And then she continued to push his dick deeper.
