 Chapter Four

THAT'S NOT HOW SEX WORKS!

When James awoke it was morning and the warm summer sun poured through the dirty motel window. Peppers soft cartoon arms were wrapped around him as she slept.

His supernaturally hard cock was still buried deep inside in molly's little asshole and she was awake lazily reading her book.

He gently kissed her neck, "Good morning." She reached around and kissed his sleepy lips.

"Good morning," James did a few comfortable little thrusts and could feel pepper was still inside him while she snored with a silly cartoon whistle.

Molly just flipped a page and didn't even acknowledge she was being fucked in the ass, James did a few more and he felt peppers dick sliding in and out of him.

Molly continued reading while he fucked her tight little asshole and when He pulled completely out for just a moment pepper did a few little sleepy thrusts poking around deep inside James body.

Molly flipped a page as James gently ping-ponged between the girls eventually causing pepper to orgasmically squeak in his ear.

He felt a warm wave wash over him and pushed deep when he started to cum. He could feel Peppers cock starting to pulsate deep inside and he could feel his body being filled as she slowly pumped a cartoonish amount of cum into James.

She continued to snore and even though James was completely full he could feel her still pumping more until it was spurting out the tight seal his asshole had around her bouncy cock.

"Is she cumming in you right now?" Molly asked.

"Yeah, she is... it's a stupid amount of cum, I'm like totally filled up but she just keeps going."

"I know... It's crazy right?" She slid her fingers down and played with her clit while she read. "Did you cum in me?" She asked.

"Yeah, a few minutes ago."

"Nice," Molly stayed still while Pepper finished up.

James' stomach was bulging with slippery cartoon cum and he slid around between the girls while he slowly fucked Molly's willing ass just a little bit more.

"That stuff is going to be dripping from you all day long." She laughed and flipped another page.

James had one more tiny little orgasm before he settled down and snuggled between the girls.

They stayed connected like this for some time, just enjoying the warmth and comfort of the early morning, until a loud motorcycle rolled by the hotel and woke pepper up.

She snuggled James and James snuggled molly, "Is skipper still sleeping?" Pepper asked sweetly.

They were silent for a moment and heard cute little snores coming from the Kleenex box.

"Mmmm, I want some coffee." Pepper rolled over and slowly pulled her dong from James body. She stretched and pointed her toes. "Who wants to come to get some coffee with me?"

"Not me." Molly slid up and down James cock a few times before he gently dislodged it from her little butt.

Pepper got up and slid into her uniform, "Come on James, let's go get some coffee." She took his hand trying to coax him out of bed.

"Okay okay, he slid into his T-shirt and when he stood up to put on his swimsuit he could feel peppers slippery cartoon cum running down his legs. 

He left wet footprints when he went across the room to slip on his shoes and skipper fluttered out from her tissue box bed. "Good morning," She yawned and did a little stretch.

We're going to go get some coffee, do you want something?"

"Oh! I want to come with; it's so boring in here!" The tiny fairy fluttered down James shirt and straddled his cock again.

"So this is a regular thing now huh?" James asked.

"HEAH! Giddee up!" skipper demanded.

Molly giggled and stretched while she casually fingered her horny little pussy, "don't take too long, I want to try to take both of your dicks at the same time when you get back."

As they left the privacy of the filthy motel room Pepper slammed the door and James could feel the tiny lady secretly hugging his slippery cock as he walked. 

When they past the Jacuzzi the water was green and thick, "Eww," Pepper scrunched up her nose and was thoroughly grossed out by the slime.

They walked down the sidewalk and James shoes were quickly soaking wet, "I'm going to need some sandals if you're going to keep filing me with so much cum."

Pepper giggled, "Yeah, I am going to keep doing that so we should probably just get you some."

When they got to the coffee shop there was a short explanation of peppers toonish looks... 

"It's a costume for an event or whatever; we'll take three cups of coffee." Pepper couldn't wait for the other toons to get out so she didn't have to constantly explain it.

The girl behind the counter poured three cups, "It sure is going to be a hot one today," she said as she snapped on the lids. "It's a good day to stay in a coffee shop and have sex with a barista," She winked at James.

"Oh yeah, it's going to be pretty hot... wait... wait what did you say?" James wasn't sure he heard that last part correctly.

The Barista leaned on the counter and in a sultry tone she said, "I didn't say anything."

James was pretty sure he heard her say something. "Ok, well you have a nice day." He grabbed two coffees and followed pepper through the door.

The sun was shining and even though the city was empty it was just a beautiful day.

James carried one coffee in each hand and was trying not to spill it but they were overfull and the hot coffee was burning his fingers.

He could feel skipper squeezing his cock and His butt cheeks were sliding together with every step, but the cartoon cum he had constantly running down his legs was actually kind of refreshing and keeping him pretty cool on such a hot day.

The walked about a block and James noticed a man standing at the bus stop... he was totally naked.

"Pepper! ... Check out that crazy guy at the bus stop, his dick is just dangling in the wind." He giggled.

"Yeah, it is." Pepper was not amused.

"So what's this underground toon town place you come from... is it fun?" He asked while he juggled the drinks.

"Yeah, I like it; it's just like any city, just a bit more ridiculous."

James spotted the silhouette of someone coming down the sidewalk towards them so he stepped behind pepper to let them pass.

"I think this is the best toon city, although I am biased since it is home." She continued. 

The silhouette approaching started to come into focus and James was stunned by the most beautiful woman he has ever seen... She was fully nude and just casually sauntering down the sidewalk.

He stopped dead in his tracks and stared with his mouth hanging open while pepper walked on and kept talking.

The girl smiled as she approached and James pressed his back into the window of a storefront to let her pass... but she didn't pass.

She pushed him against the window and pressed her naked body into his while gently kissing his lips.

Before he even knew what was happening the stranger wrestled his cock from his pants and skipper fluttered out.

"HEY, I was sitting there!" skipper yelled at the naked girl.

But the girl didn't respond, she just slurped the head of his cock into her mouth and started viciously sucking him off.

"PEPPER!" James yelled for help while he held the precious coffee.

Pepper spun around and quickly walked back.

"Oh, I thought you were still behind me," she leaned on the window next to James to wait for him to finish.

"Anyway as I was saying about toon city," She continued. "there's this amazing taco truck next to the place I buy my confetti, the tacos are ok but you have got to try the burritos, they put this salsa that...

"PEPPER!" James interrupted her, "WHOSE THIS GIRL!" He was panicked and totally stuck unless he dropped a hot coffee.

"How am I supposed to know who she is?" Pepper watched while she expertly handled his cock. "Did you ask her?"

The girl pulled it from her mouth, smiled and said, "My name is Julie" before stuffing it back in.

"See James, all you had to do was ask... anyway, this salsa is to die for, it has special cilantro that only grows in one part of...

"PEPPER!" I don't care about the taco truck! Why is this girl naked, and why is she sucking my dong?

Pepper shrugged, "I dunno, maybe she's super horny."

The girl again paused the impressive blowjob to agree. "Yeah, it's because I'm super horny." She smiled before returning to her activates."

"OH GOD!" James' eyes rolled back into his head and his knees went weak as he held the coffees.

Pepper sat on the curb waiting for him to finish when she realized the sign on the window of the shop they were standing in front of said, "Island sandal shop"

"James! They have those sandals you wanted in there." She got up and jiggled the handle of the front door, "Hmm... They're closed."

James was about to cum into the stranger when he noticed Pepper struggling to remove a loose brick from the front of the building, "I think I can get it out." She poked the mortar with the hotel key.

Just when an orgasm washed over him and he closed his eyes, he heard the sound of the brick sliding out and Pepper announcing, "I got it!"

As the stranger sucked out his creamy filling James trembled and held onto the drinks tight... When time slowed to a crawl and in slow motion, a brick flew past his head and smashed the heavy glass on the front door.

James jumped and shoved his cock deep into her throat as he squeezed out his last two pumps.

She coughed and yanked it out as they watched pepper comically sneaking into the gaping hole of the sandal shop.

"WHAT SIZE DO YOU WEAR?" She yelled from the darkness.

The stranger stood up and gave James a long kiss while she lovingly held his cock... before smiling and just walking away.

He was just stunned and took a moment to collect himself, which meant staring off into space with his dong dangling in the wind and holding the coffees.

"I THINK THESE WILL FIT YOU!" Pepper yelled from the back corner.

She crawled through the broken window and took the coffee from James, "Here try these on." She dropped a pair of cheap flip flops in the ground and James slipped them on.

"Pepper, you didn't need to break into that place, they sell those everywhere."

She just shrugged, "Yeah, but we were right here... you wanted sandals right?"

"Yeah... but it's against the law to steal them."

"JAMES!" Pepper couldn't believe he still wasn't getting it. "There is no more law... Have you seen any police out here?"

He looked around, "No... everything is eerily quiet."

"Exactly... look, the world you know is gone, the time pirates drugged the whole planet and for the next twenty years your species only job is to fornicate as much as possible until a multidimensional war wipes you all out.

James took a moment to think about what she just said... "Were drugged?"

"Yes! It's in the water supply, don't you watch the news!" She said exasperatedly.

"No I didn't watch the news, the power has been out."

"Don't you think it's weird that you have had a raging hard-on for two days now? And that beautiful women stop you on the street to suck your dick? 

"Well yeah... I thought it was weird."

"Yes, as I said, everything is fucked."

"So what you're telling me... is that every girl in the world, is going to be super horny for the next twenty years?"

"Gees James... Yes, you can fuck anybody, anytime for the next twenty years... and they will fuck you... until the planet is destroyed... in twenty years.

"Even that cute girl at the coffee shop?"

"Seriously?" pepper was amazed he still wasn't getting what was happening. "Yes, even the coffee shop girl."

"REALLY?" He got excited and handed her molly's coffee, "I'll be right back!" He quickly flip-flopped back to the coffee shop.

"IM GOING BACK TO THE MOTEL!" Pepper yelled annoyed.

James whipped open the door of the coffee shop and the girl was stacking some dishes, she was wearing a little smock and completely naked from behind.

"Your back?" She smiled and turned around; from the front, she looked very professional. "What can I do for you, sir?" She asked sweetly. 

"Hi, My name is James... do you want to fuck?"

"SIR!" She exclaimed, "I'm very busy working... if you want to fuck me you're going to have to follow me around while I take care of a few things... I have a lot to do right now."

"Yeah I can do that, are you sure it's all right?"

"Oh yeah, it's fine, as long as you don't mind if I'm a little bit distracted here and there.

"Oh, I don't mind."

"Well then get in here!" She smiled and slapped her ass.

James jumped over the counter and nestled in behind the cute little stranger, he tenderly kissed her neck and she squealed when he slowly slid his cock into her slippery pussy.

He wasn't even three strokes in when they were interrupted by a customer.

The barista smiled at the man and stood ready to take his order while she was getting comfortably railed. "Good morning sir, what can I get for you today?"

"I'm kind of in a hurry; could I just get three shots of espresso to go?" He didn't even acknowledge James.

"Coming right up sir!" She shuffled over to the complicated espresso machine and James pushed deep following close behind.

She took a wide stance to give him a better angle and arched her back while she put grounds in the espresso head.

"So how's your morning going?" the barista asked while she bobbed up and down behind the machine.

The man looked at his watch and said, "It's going ok, I just can't get anything done around here anymore, this sex thing was fun for the first day but I just want to get back to work.

"Oh, you don't like it?" the barista giggled while James slowly poked around inside her body. "I think it's great, everybody is so nice now, and their tipping a lot more."

James held her hips and tried to stay inside when she shuffled the coffee over to the customer.

"Well, I'm sure it's working out great for you, you're a cute girl with no pants that works on tips." He grabbed his drink and stormed out.

James stopped for a moment and said, "Wow, that guy was a real jerk."

"I know right, he probably had his dick sucked three times on his way here and he still finds something to complain about." The barista gave James a sad puppy dog look and gently bounced up and down protesting the lack of motion of the dick inside her. 

He smiled and held her slender hips while he really went to town on her sweet little pussy.

The waitress was laughing and moaning and just thoroughly enjoying all the proper fucking while she stood behind the counter waiting for customers.

But it wasn't long before the next one came in, it was a young girl... she was completely nude and dripping with cum.

"H.. Hi... W.. What... Can I get you today?" The barista was standing perfectly still while James bounced around behind her. 

The naked girl wiped the cum from her face and squinted at the menu, "Let me just get a turkey sandwich."

She was dripping from every hole in her body and collecting little puddle around her feet.

"O... O...Okay, one... one, turkey sandwich," The barista was on the verge of orgasm and fumbled with the buttons on the cash register while James slowly swayed from side to side. 

He was gently massaging all of the secret places deep inside her little body and she let out some squeaky little moans while she made change and handed it to the soggy customer.

"We'll have that right up." She said in a down-home voice.

James held her hips and followed the young girl to the refrigerator.

The barista squealed in delight and wiped mayonnaise on the bread, her whole body was trembling while James just used her like a ragdoll.

"D.. do.. do you want mustard on your sandwich?" She shamelessly yelled out, obviously in the middle of another orgasm.

"No, no mustered for me thank you," 

The customer wrung out her hair and globs of cum flowed between her breasts; it slithered down her naked belly eventually dripping from her smooth pussy lips onto the cold floor. 

"You couldn't believe what happed to me today." She yelled into the kitchen.

Oh yeah? What happened?" The barista paused the sandwich just for a moment to wiggle around and snuggle her body down on his cock enjoying the end of the orgasm.

"The customer grabbed a soda from the cooler and proceeded to tell the barista a fantastic story, "I was waiting on the corner for a taxi when someone snuck up behind me and jammed a dick in my asshole."

"Oh my!" The barista yelled back as she wrapped the sandwich in parchment paper, James held her breasts and pushed deep while they shuffled back to the counter.

The customer took the sandwich and continued her story, "Yeah, so this surprise dick just slides right into me, and I thought cool this will pass some time while I wait for a cab. But when I turned around it was like this weird looking thing... it was like a cartoon!"

"Whaaaat?" The barista was intrigued. "Like a costume or a real-life cartoon?" 

James slid his cock out of the cute girl and lovingly kissed her neck; she did a cute little happy butt wiggle and leaned on the counter interested in the story.

"It was a real live cartoon... but like in real life... he was like ugly, but in a cute way if you know what I mean?"

"Wow, so what did you do?"

"I fucked him," The slippery girl smiled. "I took that weird shaped bouncy cartoon dick so far up my ass I thought it was going to poke out my ear." She did some little pantomiming thrusts.

"Girl, you're crazy, I wouldn't take that weird dick in my ass." The waitress giggled.

"No, it was awesome... until his friend came along."

"Oh no!" The waitress put her hands over her mouth with concern.

"Yeah, so the first guy is just going bananas on my poor little butthole when the second weird cartoon dude lifts me up and jams his weird cock into my pussy.

"Awww!" The waitress yelled. She knew this was coming from the moment the girl said there was a second guy. 

"So I'm just hanging on for dear life while these things have me plugged from both sides, and the dude in front started to cum.

"Ooo, okay, tell me more?" The customer had the baristas full attention.

"Well, I could feel him just squirting my insides like a fire hose... and keep in mind that at this point that first guy is still in my ass just going to town right?

"Uh-Hu" the barista was leaning over the counter mindlessly swaying her hips in a sultry little post orgasm dance.

James slipped his swimsuit back on and took a moment to casually tongue the baristas slippery pussy lips one last time before he left.

She happily pushed back into his face while she listened to the rest of the story. "Go on..." She encouraged.

The customer took a bite of her sandwich and continued the story, 

"So this guy is just pumping me full of cum, and his buddy is just throwing himself through my back door when I can feel him start to cum, and again it's the same thing, the guy must have put like an extra gallon of weird cartoon goo inside me."

"Wow! That's crazy!" The barista said as she gently danced on James' tongue.

"Yeah, it was crazy... so I'm like totally full, my belly was sticking out like after Thanksgiving dinner when one of them finally pulled out.

"Oh wow!" The barista scrunched up her face when James slid his tongue into her perfect little asshole for just a second.

"So one guy just leaves, but I'm still dangling from the other guy's dong in my ass right? My toes couldn't even touch the floor, and I got cum gushing from my pussy like the river Thames... and that's when I see it.

"What! What was it?" The barista demanded to know what was more shocking than that.

"Just down the hill... there was an army of cartoons pouring out of the Hypercore building, and they were coming right at me, I didn't think I was going to get away but this one girl..."
