 Hey guys... after some nice comments (and some cajoling from my husband) I decided to do another chapter... this one is extra-long and extra weird, so please let me know in the comments if you care to hear the ending...

Julie

*****

Time Smut --- Chapter Eight --- Jumping the Shark

We rejoin our Heroes deep underneath the mysterious Hypercore facility. Mary, Skipper, Pepper, Molly, and two versions of Stephanie from two competing timelines are wandering naked through the bizarre Toon-Town while they wait for the UFO to return with James.

The smiling cartoon sun danced in the bright watercolor sky to the same beat as the bopping clouds and the happy little flowers. Everything in the whole bouncy rubber city danced and seemed to keep perfect time even though there wasn't any noticeable music.

Stephanie followed close behind her friends as the group of sexy young girls made their way to the closest tube stop.

She still felt weird about being so naked and so incredibly horny in such a strange and public place, but with the alien sex drugs pumping through her system she couldn't help but slide her fingers up and down her slippery clit as she walked.

The sidewalk had a little bounce to it and Molly did a playful cartwheel landing her bare butt on the dirty cement. She sat there for just moment thinking about how strange it was that everything felt so soft and comforting, even though it was so strange and otherworldly.

Stephanie wondered if they were going to get a chance to fuck some fun exotic cartoons, and just as the thought entered her mind she noticed a cute fuzzy boy who seemed to be some kind of cartoon fox.

He was slowly stroking his giant dick while he stocked fruit on the shelf in front of a little corner store, he smiled and waved at Black Pepper when the girls passed.

Boots was impressed by how popular pepper was down there, everybody seemed to know her and Boots suspected it was the fact that pepper was the only anime girl who not only had a glorius pussy, but also the most perfect cartoon dick in the world.

Pepper just smiled and waved back as her rock hard cartoon dong bounced with every step.

The residence of this strange place were the typical cartoons that Stephanie use to watch on TV back home, but seeing them in real life was a little off-putting at first.

Molly was feeling the same but with every minute that passed the humans in the group accepted this nonsensical reality a little bit more.

When they got closer to downtown the city quickly sprang to life with every type of toon imaginable. The tall buildings were drooping to one side and a rubbery taxi yelled at little Stephanie to get out of the road.

They passed an old tow truck mounted on top of a cute little pink convertible, his driveshaft was shoved half way up her tailpipe and the two were moaning and honking their horns while they fucked in an impossibly silly fashion.

The entire city was hopped up on those alien boner pills that were mysteriously added to the water supply above ground. Their anthropomorphic bodies writhed in constant pleasure while they just continued with daily city life in different stages of silly cartoon orgasm.

Boots and Pepper snuggled close and Boots paid no attention to Peppers soft cartoon fingers casually sliding in and out of her tight little pussy as they walked through the bizarre town. All five girls were walking down the street shamelessly naked and casually masturbating each other's horny little clits while the whole cartoon city fucked around them.

Mary was the only one in the group wearing panties, and that was for the sole purpose of letting Skipper ride in the soft little hammock between her legs. Skipper was grateful for the ride because her little fairy wings quickly got tired on those long adventures with her super fun neighbor Black pepper.

She happily slid her naked little body up and down Mary's smooth pussy lips and was quickly covered in slippery girl juices while Mary walked.

When the girls stopped at a red light Mary giggled at the little fairy wings secretly tickling her clit, but she was distracted when a shadow came up behind her and a giant cartoon dong slid its way under her armpit.

She looked up to see a towering figure blocking out the sun, it was some type of giraffe man, he was half man and half giraffe... but in a cute way.

The gangly creature smiled and gave Mary a friendly "Good morning," as he casually thrust his giant silly dong under her arm.

Mary had been working for that company building planets for thousands of years, and while traveling to countless dimensions and timelines she has seen some fantastically silly things. But as she stood at that stop light furiously jacking off a cartoon giraffe dick in broad daylight she realized that this is the moment when her story had completely jumped the shark.

She slid the dick from under her arm and tried to stuff it in her mouth, but the bouncy member just slammed into her lips; it was far too large to ever fit so she just grabbed it with two hands and went to town.

The creature smiled and tapped his foot waiting for the light to change when Mary felt his dick gently pump and he started to orgasm. She tucked it back under her arm and giggled pointing the meaty cannon at an unassuming pepper.

Mary's tiny hands slid up and down while she squeezed the base of the cartoon dong under her arm like a gun.

The giraffe man let out a deep silly moan and Mary laughed and laughed while she completely hosed a surprised pepper with a gallon of slippery cartoon cum.

The girls all joined in laughing at pepper; she just stood with her arms out looking surprised and dripping with cum.

"HEY!" Black pepper yelled as her friends laughed... This was really all she had to say on the matter and they crossed the street without another word about it.

Little Stephanie was casually masturbating and looking in the windows of the strange toon shops along the way.

She watched a crowd of happy creatures filter in and out of the pogo stick emporium but the ACME portable hole shop was surprisingly empty.

Molly had her arm playfully draped around Boots shoulder and Boots reached down to tickle Molly's clit while they walked. She gently slid two fingers deep inside the young girls cum filled pussy and expertly danced them around with every step.

Molly arched her back on the verge of orgasm and struggled to keep the walking pace of her friends.

Just when a warm friendly orgasmic feeling rolled through her naked body she was startled by an intimidating cartoon centaur slowly clip clopping next to her in the street. He was a giant creature with the head and torso of a cute boy.

He was wearing an expensive looking suit jacket and he had had a cute little anime princess strapped under his belly with some type of upside down saddle. She was laughing and squealing with joy when his giant toon dong pushed deep inside her tiny body with every step.

The princess smiled and casually waved at pepper while she swung underneath the creature, happily taking the monstrous dick.

"What was that about?" Molly asked pepper as she danced around on Boots fingers.

"That was Leslie and her husband Jimmy the horse, I went to school with her." Pepper answered.

Molly stuck her butt out and walked with a wide stance while Boots fingers fluttered around deep inside her body. "Jimmy the horse?" She asked, "But he was only half horse?"

Pepper smiled and nudged her with her soft cartoon elbow, "Yeah... the only half that counts... if ya know what I mean." She winked and continued elbow nudging until Molly responded.

"Yes I know what you mean pepper." Molly didn't like being elbow poked during orgasm.

"BECAUSE THAT'S THE HALF WITH THE GIANT DICK!" Pepper playfully screamed into the sky really putting too a fine a point on it.

All five ladies laughed at the sad thought of a reverse centaur and little giggles could be heard coming from Mary's panties as Skipper clearly heard the joke.

The girls walked down the busy sidewalk and they watched some piano mover's hoisting a piano to the third floor of a building with a thin string.

"Don't walk under there," Stephanie warned. She had watched enough TV to know what was coming.

The ladies walked in the street to avoid the movers and as soon as they passed the piano fell to earth with a crash.

Before she could even comment on the piano Stephanie noticed two alligator carpenters crossing their path carrying a big piece of glass.

"Wait!" Stephanie insisted they let the workers cross while the group of horny naked girls waited.

Just as she expected a bird whose legs were running so fast that they looked like wheels came blasting down the street and shattered the glass everywhere.

Pepper was amazed, "How did you know that was going to happen?"

Stephanie watched some painters painting a continuing road on the brick wall of a dead end street and said, "It's just something I picked up somewhere."

Everyone but pepper was truly amazed by the ridiculous city around them, but nobody really knew what to say about it, so they just mindlessly fingered each other's horny little holes and continued down the bizarre sidewalk.

The girls walked past countless different cartoon characters and at some point a cute little elephant boy caught eyes with Molly when he walked past.

He was wearing a smart suit jacket but no pants and his giant dick was pointing straight up in the air.

"Pepper, why do these toons wear such nice shirts but no pants?" Molly asked.

"It's called Donald ducking, he started the trend and now a lot of toons do it."

"Oh... that's weird." Molly looked into a window of a shop that only sold banana peels and apple cores.

"It's not that weird." Pepper said defending her weird city.

When the girls passed a shop that only sold skateboards and roller skates they stopped to look at an impressive rocket skate display in the window.

Molly had an idea and smiled mischievously, "Pepper, can we get these skates?" She pointed at a normal pair with no rockets.

"Sure... why do you want those?" She handed Molly her worn fountain pen.

"With some wheels, you could fuck me while I roll down the sidewalk." She grabbed Pepper's toon dong and danced around it.

Pepper smiled, "Ooo, that's a new one," She patted Molly's naked butt when she went into the store.

Molly found the perfect skates and paid by adding a few lines of ink to a half-finished picture of a little house the shopkeeper held.

She thanked him, laced them up, and gracefully skated out the door.

Her friends were waiting on a little cement ledge in front of the store. Both Stephanie's had their faces buried in Mary and Boots pussies while they shared a cigarette and discussed the mission.

The Stephanie's had their cute little butts waiving in the wind and a line of silly townsfolk was forming behind them as they took turns filling their little human bodies with inhuman loads of cartoon cum. The girls were laughing and moaning as they took dick after dick.

Rivers of cum flowed from their little pussy's and their assholes, it squirted everywhere whenever a new dong was shoved inside. The slippery puddle beneath the ladies was impressive and the folks walking past kept slipping on it in a hilarious cartoon fashion. 

Pepper was looking bored and thumbing through an acme catalog while a petite little anime boy with silly hair enthusiastically sucked her dick. With no change in facial expression pepper stared at the catalog and filled the boys little mouth with cum.

He swallowed a big gulp but it was still flowing from his nose and running down his shirt when he climbed back onto his pogo stick and bounced away.

When Molly rejoined her friends she did a little circle around the group and then a cute little naked curtsy in front of pepper, she playfully stuck her butt out and rolled backward sliding Peppers slippery dick between her thighs.

"Ha!" Boots laughed, "You guys are silly, come on let's get to that tube!" She dramatically swung her leg over big Stephanie's head dislodging her tongue from her pussy and flinging the cigarette butt into the bushes.

Little Stephanie was lying in a puddle of cum motionless and seemingly unconscious while a weird fish man continued fucking her, he was blowing funny little bubbles in the air when he orgasmed.

Big Stephanie was shaking but she managed to rise to her feet. When she stood up and stretched she couldn't help but notice the cute little fox boy she saw at the bodega was hanging onto her waist still fucking her.

"Hello there... what's your name?" She asked while she patted his fuzzy head.

With his dick deep in the girl's asshole he smiled and said, "I'm Oliver; it's lovely to meet you."

"It's lovely to meet you too." Stephanie shook his little hand and smiled.

The cute boy put his little fox feet on the back of her thighs and hung on to her waist so he could keep fucking her little human asshole while she walked over to join her friends.

A shaky and confused Little Stephanie finally showed signs of life and crawled out of the cum puddle disappointing everyone in line.

Molly held Peppers dick against her belly and started rolling while Pepper pushed her from behind. She was grinding her horny clit on the base of Peppers cock and she held it with two hands while she just enjoyed the ride.

The slippery crew of naked young girls continued to their destination. Big Stephanie was walking funny but managed to keep up with her friends even though her little fox boy backpack had his giant toon dong stuffed deep in her asshole the whole time.

Molly held Peppers dick tightly between her thighs and skated next to her friends in the warm sunshine. They only got about a block before Molly insisted Pepper put it in.

Pepper rested the head of her cock on Molly's slippery pussy and slowly pushed in more and more with every step, Molly just smiled while she rolled along.

The girls walked quickly covering a lot of ground while the cum and lube in their hair dried out crispy under the warm cartoon sun.

Mary followed behind Stephanie to watch the little fox guy cling to her waist and fuck her while she tried to walk. It was funny and sexy at the same time and Mary wanted to try it when Stephanie was done.

Stephanie was starting to orgasm and was walking pidgin toed taking little steps; she let out some tiny squeaks every time the little fuzzy guy forced his giant toon dong inside her tiny frame.

Her tongue was hanging from the side of her mouth and her eyes were rolled back in her head while she soldered on to the tube stop. Mary giggled, grabbed her scanner and scanned the little guy for future use.

Mary and Boots were fascinated by two giraffe people making awkward love in the grass just off of the street.

They stared at the shameless creatures fucking and just as they walked passed Mary let out a surprised little yelp when the skipper secretly slid her little arm into Mary's pussy.

She tried to ignore it and keep walking but she could feel the little fairy wiggling around deep inside her body while gently snuggling her clit.

Mary pulled the elastic on her panties to see exactly what was happening in there.

The skipper had both legs inside, up to her torso, and she had the rest of her little body resting between Mary's pussy lips lovingly snuggling her clit.

"Skipper! Get your dirty feet out of my pussy!" Mary yelled into her panties.

"My feet aren't dirty! Have you ever seen me walk anywhere? I can fly dude." Skipper smiled and slid out just enough that she could play with her own tiny pussy.

"It just feels weird." Mary protested, she could feel the Skipper sinking deeper and her little hand masturbating inside her body felt extra weird.

The Skipper just giggled and asked, "how about if I do this?" She spread her legs and started doing upside down jumping jacks.

"No stop! ... Oh, wait... actually? ... That is kind of nice." Mary stopped walking and her friends kindly waited for her.

Molly hung from peppers dick and pepper rolled her out of the way of the foot traffic.

Big Stephanie was hugging her own breasts and slowly walking with quivering bent knees while her little fox friend hugged her waist and fucked her tired asshole. 

"How about this?" Skipper did some enthusiastic bicycle kicks and some comical dances while buried waist deep in Mary's pussy.

"Oh! ...Oooo..." Mary was quickly thrust into the beginnings of an orgasm and she saw flashes of bright light as the tiny naked fairy danced around.

Skipper was touching all of Mary's secret spots with her little toes when she did the robot and the running man.

Mary took a knee and whimpered into the grass while her friends waited for her to have the most fantastic orgasm ever.

"Put it in my butt!" Molly demanded as she rolled forward yanking peppers dick from her pussy.

The skipper danced and danced while snuggling Mary's clit until she was just a writhing puddle on the dirty sidewalk screaming in pleasure. Many Cartoons walked past the scene but very few even looked.

Pepper rested her dong on Molly's back door while they waited and Molly slowly pushed back as much as she could with those skates on.

Mary laid on the busy sidewalk in a twitchy orgasmic slump while Pepper held Molly's arms and fucked her little asshole. She laughed and rolled in a little circle around her twitchy friend as pepper filled her with cartoonish levels of cum.

Mary eventually regained herself and with skipper still buried waist deep she stood up ready to walk.

She could still feel Skippers little hand fluttering around inside her while she masturbated but she figured skipper needs to cum too.

The girls continued down the road and Molly giggled while being pushed from behind with peppers dick.

When the horny young girls pushed through a crowd of bouncy toons Pepper grabbed Molly by the waist and really went to town on her new rolling fuck-toy.

An orgasmic Molly whimpered and locked her knees while her wheels rhythmically clicked over the cracks in the sidewalk.

Stephanie found it difficult to walk with her fuzzy backpack guy enthusiastically fucking her little asshole for so long, but she found that if she just jogged she was able to keep up with her friends a lot easier.

Our heroes eventually made it another block and while waiting for another walk signal at a busy corner Stephanie couldn't help but notice the multitude of toon dicks that brushed across her horny little body as she waited in the crowd.

She reached down and grabbed one in each hand, slowly squeezing and stroking the stranger's cocks while Oliver drooled on her naked back and filled her tired asshole with slippery toon cum.

The girls were tightly packed in the crowd of nonsense and with a dick in each hand Stephanie could feel something playfully sliding up her thigh and pushing its way into her pussy.

She looked around but in the sea if colorful creatures she couldn't tell who it was... the bouncy mystery dick casually pushed deep inside her tiny body and then quickly pulled back out.

With a dick in each hand and one in the butt Stephanie arched her back hoping he would put it back in... She gasped when it happened and she was forced open to her absolute limit by this mysterious dong.

She could feel the fox boys' dick being forced from her asshole when the stranger slid into her pussy, but Oliver managed to get a better grip and keep fucking.

Stephanie smiled and squeezed the dongs in her hands as she was lifted off the ground.

The unknown creature had its giant hands around her tiny waist and was sliding her up and down his monstrous dick like a little toy.

The fox was hanging on for dear life but somehow managed to keep his cock in the young girl's asshole the entire time.
