 Every time I draw an anime girl we fight the urge to give her a giant dong!

When James woke up the next morning his body was comfortably tangled up in the pile of naked sleeping girls.

His face was nestled between Boots soft butt cheeks and he was using her as a pillow. He snuggled his nose between her slippery pussy lips and gently tongued her sleeping clit for just a moment before getting up.

Pepper hugged him from behind and her cute little cartoon snores whistled in his ear. He was spooning Mary and she was spooning his wife Stephanie. James smiled and hugged all three girls while the memory of his mundane dreams faded away.

He snuggled his way between Boots warm cheeks and slowly sunk his tongue deep inside her motionless body when he felt something tightly gripping his cock.

He gave a few playful thrusts but still couldn't tell which horny little girl was sleeping with his dick inside them.

James nuzzled into his human pillow and could feel Boots squeezing her perfect asshole around his tongue when he wriggled it in.

After a few more loving thrusts Mary let out a few unconscious little squeaks and the mystery was solved... but he noticed that when he pushed forward he could feel something sliding out of his ass.

The sun poured through the window and a gust of warm summer wind whistled through the screen as he lifted his head to see who was awake.

Five of the six girls were still sleeping and even though he was tightly sandwiched between Pepper and Mary, James managed to reach out and snuggle his sweet wife Stephanie a little closer. The whole crew slept like five naked little spoons, all hugging and snuggling each other on the big cartoon bed.

When James laid his head back down on Boots soft cheeks he felt the unmistakable sensation of Peppers anime girl dong comfortably sliding out of his ass. The birds were chirping and the sound of the bustling toon city filled the quiet room as he gently fucked Mary and another day began.

He playfully tongued Boots clit trying to bring her to orgasm while she slept. Trying to get someone to cum without waking them was a little game they started playing at the motel.

Pepper was the best at that game and James often wondered how she was able to consistently sneak her giant cartoon dick into her friend's body without waking them. She was truly a master of her craft.

James stayed wedged between the girls fucking and being fucked for quite some time while he playfully tongued Boots sweet pussy and the happy little birds chirped on the other side of the screen.

When he slowly pulled his dick out he could feel cum dripping from deep inside Mary and squishing between their naked bodies. He didn't remember the orgasm but the slippery evidence indicated that once again the girls fucked him all night long.

James reached down and played with his wife's sleeping pussy while he rested the head of his cock on Mary's tight little asshole, Stephanie let out a content sleepy sigh. He could tell she was getting wetter and wetter as he tickled her sweet clit.

He gently pulled Stephanie closer and he could feel Mary's asshole open up and slowly swallow his cock when the three of their bodies were squeezed together.

The bedroom door in Peppers weird cartoon apartment was wide open and he could hear pots and pans rattling around in the kitchen and the smell of freshly brewed coffee filled the air.

Pepper was gently thrusting in her sleep and James could feel her silly cartoon dong moving around deep inside his body. She used James like a hand puppet forcing him to fuck Mary's unconscious asshole with every rhythmic thrust.

He comfortably rested his head on Boots cheeks and slowly pushed his tongue into her tight little pussy while the sleeping girls used the lower half of his body.

After some time of the slippery naked heroes quietly sleep fucking Pepper started whimpering into James ear and he could tell she was about to orgasm.

He slowly dislodged his tongue from Boots and figured he should probably get up before pepper filled his whole body with a liter of slippery cartoon cum.

James wriggled his way out of the warm embrace but before he left the room he took the tiny anime girls impressive cartoon cock and rested it on his sweet wife Stephanie's little asshole, she let out a sleepy little squeak as it pushed deep into her thin little body.

He shuffled along the soft carpet in the hallway and his relentlessly hard cock bounced with every step.

Lumbering into the kitchen he was greeted by Molly who was mostly naked but wearing a cute little apron and washing the dishes that the toons had piled in the sink.

"Good morning!" She smiled as James squeezed past her to get some coffee.

"Good morning." He smiled back.

He poured a cup and carelessly adorned it with a splash of cream and a mountain of sugar.

"Did you sleep okay?" Molly asked. 

She had a cute handkerchief on her head like a little hat and her ponytail poked out the back.

"Yeah, I slept fine... Pepper had her dick in me all night but she didn't wake me up." James gave Molly's butt a little squeeze and kissed her neck when he slipped past her to get to the couch.

"Did she cum?" Molly asked while she put some elbow grease into scrubbing a pan.

He sat his naked butt on the living room couch and slurped coffee, "no, I got up before she could, I didn't want a gallon of cum dripping from me all day."

"Aww, you're no fun, she's going to call you a pussy," Molly giggled and stood on her toes to get a scratchy sponge from the tall cabinet above the sink.

James watched her cute naked butt peeking out from her apron while she worked. The long straps dangled and nestled between her cheeks almost touching the floor.

He took a sip of coffee and slumped on the couch when a sleepy Pepper emerged from the bedroom.

Her giant toon cock was pointing north and bouncing while she shuffled down the hallway.

"Good morning!" James smiled.

She gave a little wave through a yawn and made a beeline to the coffee.

"You're looking all cute with your little hat." Pepper complimented molly and kissed her neck when she slipped past with her coffee.

"Thank you!" Molly smiled while washing a fork. "Do you guys want to go get some breakfast from that place down the street in a little bit?

"Sure, that place looks fun... its new," Pepper agreed, took a sip and sat her naked body next to James on the couch.

James stared out the window at the busy toon city below. He watched a silly taxi arguing with a talking fire hydrant about his reckless sidewalk driving. 

"Pepper, did you cum yet this morning?" He asked, sensing she was in a bad mood.

"No... I was about to but you got up." She said irritated.

"I didn't want to drip cum all over town." He tried to explain but the girl's weren't having it.

"WHAT?" Pepper curled into a little ball and sipped coffee, "Don't be a pussy, everybody drips cum all over town." The head of her cock slipped between her own breasts and she rested her chin on it.

Molly looked over and giggled, "I told you."

Pepper stared out the window with her chin resting on the head of her giant toon dick, and when she yawned it almost slipped in.

"Pepper! Can you suck your own dick?" James asked in amazement.

"Yup." She casually answered while staring at the city below.

"That's so cool! ...Do it... let me see." He demanded.

Pepper shrugged and wrapped her lips around her own cock while she held her coffee cup.

"MOLLY ARE YOU SEEING THIS?"

Molly paused the housework to watch Pepper slowly take it deeper into her own throat. "Pfft, if I could lick my own pussy I would never get anything done." She giggled.

"I know right!" James agreed while he watched pepper fuck herself next to him on the couch.

She doubled over and pushed deep into her throat just as Boots and Mary came from the bedroom.

They slipped past Molly each giving her sweet little good morning kisses before pouring coffee and bouncing their perfect naked bodies into the living room.

Pepper put down the cup and sped up her sucking, just as she started to cum the girls joined them on the couch.

"Wow, pepper, that's impressive!" Boots was clearly jealous of her flexibility.

Mary agreed, "Man... if I could do that I would never get anything done."

"THAT'S WHAT I SAID!" Molly laughed and fingered her horny little clit under her tiny apron while she watched peppers show.

"GO... GO... GO... Mary cheered when peppers mouth started filling with cum.

She couldn't swallow it quick enough and it was spurting from her nose and covering her breasts as she tried to choke down her own orgasm.

"See, this is why I didn't want her to cum in my ass," James tried to defend his earlier decision to leave the bed before she finished.

Boots laughed, "Oh don't be such a pussy!"

Pepper laughed into her cock and pushed deep while she squirted the last few drops deep into her throat. 

Mary took a sip of coffee and thought about how different the multi-dimensional cube would be if all 99 girls could lick their own pussies.

Pepper was just spent, so with her toon dick resting between her cum covered breasts she slumped into the couch and let it slowly drip from her nose, "honestly guys it's not as fun as it looks," She smeared it around her naked belly and reached for her coffee.

Molly went back to the housework and James sat between the girls while Mary casually played with her pussy.

He stared at the bustling toon city below and they sat in silence while they slowly woke up.

"It's so nice out there today," Boots remarked while she watched Molly's naked butt being extra sexy as she washed dishes. Boots picked up the scanner device that was carelessly tossed on the coffee table the night before and casually held the button until a dim blue light fabricated a pack of cigarettes out of thin air.

Pepper wiped her cum covered hands on James naked back trying to dry them enough to steal one of Boots smokes. "Molly wants to go to that new breakfast spot in a little bit; do you ladies want to come?" She asked before snatching the lighter.

"Mary had two fingers lodged deep inside her pussy when she took a sip from her big mug and said, "First we need to replace James memories, are you guys like starving or can we take care of this first?" James stared at her ass while she stood in front of the window casually masturbating and watching the bizarrely colourful city.

He smiled and picked up Boots otherworldly scanner device from the coffee table. It was a thin rectangle stick with a tiny little screen on the front; it had a little hole for a lanyard and one single button that he didn't dare push.

He carefully examined the alien object while Boots lit a cigarette. She shifted her hips and writhed in a desperately orgasmic little dance as she hung out the open window.

"This tiny little thing is a time machine?" He asked.

The girls giggled at his ignorance for just a moment before Boots explained, "Yeah, it's a scanner, it can be used to move around in time but it does a lot of other stuff too."

"How does it work?" James tapped it with his fingernail trying to identify the strange metallic substance it was made of.

"Pfft, I don't know, I'm a builder, not a designer... how does the sky work?" She took another puff of her smoke and arched her back silently demanding he fuck her.

James was starting to get to the point where he needed some explanations, but before he could demand them Mary spoke up. "Maybe we should give him a little explanation if we're not going to replace his memory for a while."

"YES, Please?" James said as he held the tiny little time machine scanner thing.

"Why don't you come over here and wriggle your cute little tongue around my pussy while I give you the mission briefing." Boots smiled and gave her butt a little pat indicating exactly where his tongue was to be.

He nuzzled his cheeks between her warm comforting thighs and her dripping pussy lips enveloped his nose when he pushed in deep to tongue her clit.

She let out a soft moan and took another puff while she explained the supposed mission.

So... did Black Pepper tell you about the war?"

"A little bit, but not really." He said while he held her hips and pulled her back pushing his tongue deep inside her tight little pussy.

"Okay... I'm going to tell you something crazy, and then I'm going to give you proof, so please don't freak out until I'm completely finished.

"Okay... but can I freak out after you're done? I just want to get the rules straight." he giggled sarcastically through the gap between her thighs.

"Yes, you can freak out after, but don't take too long." She blew a cloud out the window and continued, "So ...I'm from very far away," She wriggled around trying to get comfortable.

"From France?"

"Well, yes from France... but from a France in a different dimensional pocket."

"Like the south of France?" he ignorantly asked.

"No, okay... I'm part of a project to seed and develop interplanetary objects and to build new galaxies inside the inhabitable zones of five specific dimensions."

James pulled out momentarily and asked "Oh really?" he made sure to use a tone that said I don't believe you, but I'll play along if we can keep fucking.

"Yes really!" She picked up on his sarcasm and forcefully pushed back into his face as a physical representation of an exclamation point. 

"I have been genetically produced, to harvest the fertilized eggs of many creatures throughout many universes timelines and dimensions."

She took another puff while slowly thrusting and guiding his tongue from her clit all the way around to her asshole, and then back again.

"Right now our task is to get ten thousand fertilized human eggs," She took a puff and continued, "so we can start the seeding process in the inhabitable zone of a neighboring dimension... just in case the human race isn't capable of doing what we need."

"Your job is to fuck?" James asked.

"No, YOUR job is to fuck... my job is to increase population and turn every last human into a highly intelligent killing machine, in hopes that you might help in the war effort... The ten thousand eggs is just the backup plan."

"Ha! Good luck with that... humans are a lazy bunch." He giggled.

James was confused and unsure if Boots was joking or if she was crazy, those were really the only two options he entertained, but instead of saying something he just explored the young girl's tight little asshole with his tongue.

"So if you're a galaxy builder why are you poisoning the water? Where does that little puzzle piece fall into place?" he asked trying and failing to do it without sarcasm.

Boots did a cute little dance on his tongue and took a puff of her cigarette before continuing. "Well we need way more humans than are currently being produced, and I'm not so much a galaxy builder, I'm more of a manager of human resource, the construction is more Mary's thing... I did build a few planets though, have you ever heard of Trappist 9?

"No," James answered.

"Oh... you should see it, it's nice, I built that one, and Ceres, and Mars, and a few others.

"Isn't Ceres an asteroid?" For some reason, James chose this topic to call the lying young girl out on.

"It is now." Boots shook her head remembering when the little planet was great. "Mars was pretty cool too.

"Hmm..." he mumbled while she squeezed her butthole around his tongue.

Boots took another puff and blew it out the window before bending over a few times trying to get his tongue in deeper. "That's not going to do it, put your dick in." She demanded.

James pulled his tongue from the beautiful girl's tight little asshole and kissed his way up her naked back. "So... we could go back in time? Or to the future or whatever?" He whispered into her ear.

"Oh my god... Yes!" Boots said as she got increasingly more irritated at the lack of cocks in her horny little body.

He slid his dong between her slippery cheeks and she forcefully pushed back until his dick was pressing on her belly from the inside. The thin young girl held it deep while she casually masturbated and smoked with her naked breasts hanging out the window. 

"So... could we like go back and kill Hitler or hang out with Jesus or whatever?" James asked.

"YES! It's a time machine, we can go anywhere!" Boots was annoyed by his wonder, "but if you go kill Hitler everything in your timeline would change. Do you want to try it and see what happens? ...It might be funny. "

"Hmm..." he thought about changing humanity's greatest blunders, and the unintended consequences of doing so. "So like what would change?"

"I don't know... but I mean you don't have to kill him, you could always just go poke him in the eye or something if that would make you feel better."

He thought about this incredible opportunity for a moment, "well I don't really want to mess up the future, but I sure would like to punch that guy in the dick."

"Okay fine, but hurry up." Boots grabbed the device and a pale blue light flashed the tiny cartoon apartment."

Mary rolled her eyes and got up to get another cup of coffee as the two faded away into the light.

When they shimmered back into existence James was amazed to find himself still naked and standing in a drab office with splashes of crimson adorning the drapes. He was holding Boots breasts from behind and his dick was still buried deep inside her thin little body.

There was a slight man with the signature mustache standing in the middle of the room looking shocked.

"Was ist das!" he yelled at the intruders.

Boots rolled her eyes and waited for James to do it. She climbed off his cock and with cum streaming down her legs she sat her naked butt in his big chair behind the desk.

"Hurry up, this place smells funny." She barked as she spun around a few times.

The little man was furious and lunged at him, but James dodged his attack and punched him squarely in the dick.

"NENE NICH MEIN SCHWANZ!" He rolled around the hideous carpet in agony while he complained and talked to his dick. "Es it's okay, ein kleiner Aufruhr, wir konnen Si wieder anhangen lassen."

"What's he saying?" Boots was already bored and readied the scanner to leave.

"I don't know; let me get one more in before we go." James took a running start and kicked the old man in his saggy wrinkly ball sack before smashing a childish oil painting of a dog over his head.

The frail furor rolled around puking up blood while he yelled, "Wachen ergreifen ihn!"

James felt good about his good deed and while he was watching the old man squirm, a bunch of guards barged through the door and pointed guns everywhere.

James panicked but Boots casually hit the scanner button, and as they faded away into the blue light as he yelled, "FUCK YOU GUYS!" And he gave Hitler the finger.

They instantly returned to the warm apartment at the edge of toon town just seconds after they left. James was all jacked on adrenaline and already thinking about what other of history's greatest monsters he could go punch in the dick."

"Ooo Boots, could we go get Stalin next?" 

Boots giggled, "Oh James, you're like a kitten that just plays with the box of an expensive cat toy."

"What do you mean?"

"It's like if a carpenter came to your house with all his fancy tools and you just obsessed over the screwdriver."

"I still don't get it." He admitted while he stared lustfully at the time machine in her hand.

Boots giggled and said, "Oh James... don't worry about it, just keep fucking and you will be fine." She lovingly kissed his temporarily ignorant lips.

He sat in silence for just a moment while Mary and Boots twittled their clits and sipped coffee on either side of the weird cartoon couch. Pepper still dripping with her own cum slid into the couch and gave a comfy sleepy little yawn.
