 Impossible McGuffins and future loose Ends

The trio walked up three flights and James nestled his face between molly's soft butt cheeks on her way up. He slid his nose up and down her slippery pussy lips for just a moment while she walked up the bouncy steps.

He couldn't wait to see Stephanie, and when Pepper dramatically swung open the door he saw another cute little Japanese anime girl sitting at the kitchen table, she was thumbing through the Acme catalog and eating a banana.

"PEPPER!" She smiled. "Where have you been?"

"Oh my god, don't ask!" She tossed her keys and sack of tacos on the table.

"Noodles, this is molly and James... molly and James this is my sister noodles." Pepper introduced the group and they all shook hands and hugged.

Noodles smiled at the naked guests and asked, "Can I get you guys something to drink?"

"Maybe just water for me, we brought tacos!" Pepper pulled out chairs for the guests and noodles poured three classes of tap water.

"You know about the water right?" Noodles asked before she put them on the table."

Pepper smiled, "Yeah, we know, we've been hornier than two unicorns on rainbow day."

"Oh, I know... me too; it's been a crazy few days in the neighborhood." Noodles casually leaned back in her chair."

At the first break in conversation James finally asked, "Hey noodles, have you seen my wife Stephanie? That bulldog guy at the taco truck said he saw you with her."

"Yea, I was with her... oh, wait do you mean big Stephanie or little Stephanie?"

"Little Stephanie," James said excitedly, he was sure he was getting close.

"Yup! I know little Stephanie... She's sleeping in the other room... and pepper, we have some guests in the living room"

"REALLY? WHAT ROOM IS SHE IN?" James was ecstatic that she was safe.

"She's in my bed; it's down the hall on the right."

Pepper was instantly curious about the other guests. "Noodles, who is in the living room?" She asked.

James ran down the hallway and there were two doors, he quietly opened the one on the right and there she was...

His lovely wife was naked laying on her side and gently snoring.

He was overjoyed and slipped in behind her, he held her tightly and his cock nestled between her legs ...and James finally felt at home.

He gently kissed her neck to wake her... but her neck wasn't in the usual place... it was a lot lower.

He snuggled her soft warm body and rested his chin on her head, this was the moment he realized something was wrong... she was too small.

Stephanie slowly opened her eyes and was so happy, "Oh James! I'm so glad you're finally here!" She whispered while she frantically kissed him.

"Oh god Stephanie, I'm so glad you're safe, you couldn't believe the past few days I have had, the whole world has gone crazy!"

"I know, but we can fix it."

They held each other tightly for a moment when James noticed how small she was in his arms.

Stephanie squeezed him with her little arms and whispered in his ear, "Does big Stephanie know you're here?"

"What?" He clawed his way out of her hug.

"Stephanie giggled at the mix up that had just taken place." James, I'm not your Stephanie... I mean I am but, not right now... I'm little Stephanie, from the future.

"WHAT?" James yelled as he crawled away from her hug.

"OH wait no, sweetie no don't freak out, everything is okay... your Stephanie is sleeping in the other bedroom." She smiled as James crawled off the bed.

He hurried back into the hallway and quietly opened the opposite door.

His real sweet wife was laying naked in the odd cartoon bed.

James slipped in behind her and cautiously snuggled in... she felt perfect.

He gently kissed her regular sized neck and she slowly opened her eyes.

She was so much happier to see him than little Stephanie was. "OH MY GOD SWEETY HOW DID YOU FIND ME? I MISSED YOU SO MUCH." She kissed him even more frantically than little Stephanie

"Oh Stephanie, you couldn't believe what I've been through, the whole world is falling apart."

"Shhh, I know..." She nestled into his arms, "It's going to be okay, we're back together and no matter what happens I'm not letting you out of my arms."

The young couple snuggled in the bouncy toon bed and whispered stories about the absurdity of the past few days, and even though he was in a whole other world, with Stephanie in his arms he was finally home.

Meanwhile... Back in the living room, Mary and Boots were sitting on the couch waiting for their host to return, they could hear people talking behind the big rolling door that separated the kitchen.

Boots cupped her ear with her hand, "Can you hear what they're talking about? Did I hear the word taco? What's a taco?"

Mary made a confident attempt at an explanation. "It's like a flat pancake that you wrap around a chicken or a cow, and then you fold it up and eat it with lettuce and a sauce that burns your mouth.

"YIKES!" Boots mental image of a taco was bananas.

Boots was dramatically bored but after just a few minutes the big door that separated the rooms slowly slid open revealing two scantily clad cartoon sisters and one human Molly.

"Hello, it's lovely to meet you, Mary said to the perfectly drawn little cartoon girls. "This is Boots." 

They all hugged and shook hands. "It's good to meet you, my name is Black pepper, this is my sister noodles and that's Molly.

Molly smiled and did a cute little curtsy.

Boots was transfixed by the cute cartoons and she couldn't help but play dirty movies in her head about them.

Noodles smiled and explained the presence of the strangers in their house, "Pepper, these lovely ladies are trying to save their friend.

The skipper fluttered out the window not interested in any more character introductions.

Mary interrupted and launched into a story, "Our friend James is missing and his homing beacons last location was in this timeline, his memory was selectively erased so he has been quietly living somewhere waiting for us to return, We located two versions of his wife Stephanie but neither know where their husbands are."

The toon sisters gave Molly a telling look and smiled.

"So Mary?" Pepper asked, "What would you do for us if we could help you find your friend?"

Mary thought about it for a moment, "I would do almost anything, we have really wasted a lot of time searching the neighboring dimensions.

Pepper had a sly smile and extended her arm for a handshake, "I'll make you a deal, I'll find your friend if you two do whatever I say... and if you let me fuck you whenever I want.

Boots giggled at a proposition that was a win for everybody involved.

Mary thought about it for a moment and shook Peppers' hand, "It's a deal!" She said knowing the sexy toon girls had virtually zero chance finding the needle in the haystack.

Pepper smiled while they shook hands, "I'm gonna fuck you guys all weird like." She mentioned as they shook and sealed the deal.

"Boots chimed in, "Girl if you can find James I'll keep you cumming all day long." She said truly confident she could deliver on that promise.

"Okay," Pepper was trying to keep in the sneaky giggles that were slipping past her lips, "I'll be right back."

She pranced down the hallway and slowly opened the bedroom door.

James was fast asleep with his dick firmly lodged deep inside a snoring Stephanie.

Pepper snuck into the room and slithered between the two young lovers; she slowly and skillfully pulled his cock from her pussy and gave it a few tugs to gently wake him.

"Hi pepper," He said in a sleepy little whisper, "What are you doing?"

"Pepper smiled and said, "Come into the living room, I want to show you something."

She held his slippery dong and led the sleepy naked James through the hallway into the living room full of strangers.

As soon as he rounded the corner the girls freaked out and ran towards him.

"Oh my god, James! I can't believe it!" Boots yelled in her cute little French accent.

James was confused when the blue-haired stranger hugged him. "Do you remember us?" Mary whispered into his ear.

"No?" He was thoroughly confused.

"Do you know where your scanner is?"

"No?"

"Oh James, you're so cute," Mary said with a begrudging sadness.

"What are you guys talking about?" Molly spoke up irritated at the intentional vagueness of Mary and her friend.

Mary held James naked shoulders and talked about him as if he wasn't there. "We left him in dimension 2274 for just a moment while we went back in time to gather some supplies, but it took a bit longer than expected and ten years passed for him."

"James got excited about talk of time travel and asked, "YOU HAVE A TIME MACHINE?"

"Oh James... you wonderful idiot." Mary smiled.

With both hands lovingly placed on his shoulders Mary explained, "He has a habit of having his memory selectively wiped if we leave him alone for too long."

Boots chimed in, "He says it's because he misses us so much he would rather not remember us at all than live with not being together... it's actually very sweet."

James stayed silent while the girls talked about him. He was confused and didn't believe the strangers but he thought about all the fun he and Stephanie could have if he could get his hands on a time machine.

Mary turned around to rummage around her backpack for a moment and when she bent over her tiny skirt lifted just barely exposing the bottom of her butt cheeks and her perfectly smooth pussy lips.

James stared at the blue-haired strangers' naked butt and a few hazy memories started coming back, one in particular, it was just a flash of an image of a blizzard. He was on the back of a snowmobile with his dick jammed in Mary's pussy as they flew through the air jumping over a ravine.

She fished around her bag and finally emerged with a thin black stick, "are you ready?" She asked as a pale blue light poured from the device.

"WAIT!" Boots yelled, "Let's do it in the morning, he seems like he would be fun to fuck when he's all dumb like this.

"What are you guys talking about?" molly hated not knowing what was happening.

Mary slipped the device into her pocket and explained, "We have to put his memories back so we can continue the mission.

"Exactly," Boots said, "I'm so tired, I just want to get a few hours of sleep."

Mary thought about it for a minute while a blank minded James stared at her. "Maybe that's a better idea, Pepper could we sleep here for a few hours?"

"Of course!" Pepper smiled, "You can use my bed, big Stephanie is still sleeping in there."

"Thank you so much!" Mary held James dong and led him back to the bedroom.

The two strangers stripped naked and Boots nestled into little spoon position in front of a snoring Stephanie and Mary snuggled in behind her.

The naked girls had his wife sandwiched between them and James slid in behind Mary slipping his cock between her thighs.

Mary let out a comfortable sigh and whispered, "Would you put it in while I sleep?"

He scooted back just enough to rest the head of his cock on the strangers' tight pussy and she slowly pushed back until her body opened up enough to take him in.

James slipped his hands around the soft pile of naked women and gently held his wife's breasts while he slowly fucked the blue-haired weirdo and drifted off to sleep.