 Chapter 01 - Unintended Consequences

Aeryn Rayner stared up at the young man who had just thrown her hard against the floor. The suddenness of the attack as well as his brute strength had caught her unprepared and it was taking a visible effort to breathe after having her breath knocked out. She could also feel a pain in her lower back despite the padded floors.

"Aeryn, how many times do I have to tell you, you can not go up against a physically larger and stronger opponent muscle against muscle? You are faster and more agile than he is; use more of your throwing techniques against him." Her martial arts instructor told her again.

"Yes Sensei." Aeryn replied as she got off the floor and rubbed the small of her back.

"If you were to actually engage a larger opponent in a real world scenario, you would need to do one of two things. You could either use his own weight and force to throw him to the ground so you can escape or you would have to disable him within the first few seconds of conflict. You are black belt in multiple disciplines; it is within your capabilities." Her Sensei continued.

"Yes Sensei, I will try and do better." Aeryn replied. She knew he was right. She was an average height for a female at five feet seven inches tall. Weighing only a hundred and eight pounds she had been sixty pounds lighter than her opponent.

The martial arts instructor then turned from Aeryn and addressed the class. "Alright students, everyone grab a shinai off the wall and we will practice kendo."

Aeryn approached her martial arts instructor before he walked towards the wall. "Sensei, I will be unable to finish the class today. I have an appointment with the doctor this afternoon."

"It is nothing serious I hope"

"No Sensei, I have finally saved up enough money for the longevity therapy."

"Ah yes, you have just reached your twenty first birthday. Congratulations, I hope to be seeing you for many decades to come."

"As do I Sensei." Aeryn replied. She then bowed to her Sensei, grabbed her things and headed for the showers.

*****

Aeryn walked into the human enhancement clinic. She was excited to be there. It had taken her six years to save the twenty thousand dollars for the anti-aging therapy. With the perfection of nanotechnology, medical scientists were able to introduce microscopic machines into the human body to assist in cell regeneration. 

Scientist had discovered in 2019 the cause of human aging. It turned out there were two causes. The first cause is called the Telomere Effect. The structures at the end of chromosomes are called Telomeres. Each time a cell would divide the Telomere would shorten. When enough damage to a cell occurred due to the shortening Telomere a mechanism within the cell would activate and prevent any further cell division. 

The second cause turned out to be a genetic limitation. This limitation is called the Hayflick Limit Effect. First noticed in the 1960s and later proven in the early twenty first century, the Hayflick Limit Effect is a biological kill switch that allows cell to divide a certain number of times before a built-in genetic program tells the cells to stop reproduction.

Nanotechnology allowed scientist to replace the missing information in the shortened Telomere and thereby circumvent the normal damage and eventual death of cells. The microscopic machines also reprogrammed the cells so that there were no longer a set number of times it could reproduce. The result being that since the year 2023, humans no longer had to die because of old age. Scientist had discovered that when introducing the anti-aging therapy to older people it would revert there appearance to a time in there mid-twenties. When introduced to younger people, it would stop the aging process at the time of introduction. The end result was a series of laws that prohibited people under the age of twenty-one from receiving the anti-aging therapy.

"Aeryn Rayner," called the woman at the front desk.

"Yes, that's me." Aeryn responded. She got up and went to the desk and showed her ident card. Once her identity had been verified the nurse buzzed her in. Aeryn was greeted on the other side of the door by an office assistant and escorted down a series of corridors to a medical office.

"Dr. Edwards, you're two o'clock appointment is here." The office assistant said to the doctor sitting behind a large marble desk.

"Thank you," said the doctor dismissing the assistant. "Aeryn, please come in and have a seat."

"Thank you." Aeryn replied as she walked into the lavish office and took the offered chair.

The doctor typed a few strokes on his keyboard and pulled up Aeryn's file. "I see you are here to get the anti-aging therapy. Are you sure that's all you want to do. We do offer a wide range of human enhancement treatments."

"I wish I could, I am a full time student at Cal Tech and only work part time. It took me six years just to save enough money to get this." Aeryn replied wishing she could get some of the other treatments.

She immediately felt Dr. Edwards's eyes examining her entire body. She was pretty sure it was not entirely a professional appraisal of a client. She knew she was beautiful by any standard of the definition. She had shoulder length raven black hair and a perfectly sculpted face reminiscent of many models. With an Asian mother and white father she had gotten the best of both worlds. She had a light olive skin color that gave her the appearance of having a perpetual tan. A combination of eastern and western heritage gave her slightly raised eyes and an exotic look that was difficult to place unless you knew her parentage. Her pouty lips and flawless features had brought the attention of many want-to-be suitors.

"Let me tell you a little about what we can offer and maybe we can come to some sort of arrangement." Dr. Edwards started to say.

"Dr. Edwards, I know my financial situation. I assure you this is all I am able to afford at this time." Aeryn said before he could go into more detail.

Dr. Edwards looked at Aeryn for nearly a minute before he spoke. "It doesn't necessarily have to be money."

Aeryn shot to her feet, indignation clearly showing on her face as she made ready to walk out of his office.

"Wait, give me a couple of minutes to talk to you and if you don't like what I have to say then you can either have the treatment you came in for or you can leave and get another doctor."

"You want me to have sex with you for a boob-job. You can't be serious." Aeryn said still standing up.

"Normally that is all I would offer a woman, as I am one of the best enhancement surgeons in California and the procedure is not cheap. For a chance to be with you, I would gladly offer you an Entire Enhancement Package." Dr. Edwards said quickly.

"What exactly is an Entire Enhancement Package?" Aeryn asked, blinking a couple of times because she could not believe she just said that.

Dr. Edwards typed on his keyboard and pulled up a list of the procedures that entailed an entire enhancement package. "First, you get what you came in for, anti-aging therapy. Also included is a breast augmentation which most people are familiar with. You can also get a follicle removal therapy. This is where we introduce a specialized biochemical over the body you don't want hair on. It completely stops the follicle growth and does not affect any area that is not treated, like your scalp. You wouldn't ever have to shave again. You can also receive the Human Defensive Nanobot Therapy. This is where we introduce a small amount of nanobots into your system. These nanobots serve two functions, the first is rapid cell regeneration, which can heal cuts, scrapes and bruises up to 100 times faster than the natural healing process. Please be advised this does not make you invincible. If the damage to your body is too extensive you can die before the nanobots can heal you. The second function is as a back up to your immune system. It can fight off disease and infections that your body would normally require antibiotics or vaccines to handle."

"You told me you're a student at Cal Tech. I will even through in the latest generation of interactive ocular lenses and an Information Bio Pack complete with the latest and most complete encyclopedia. The ocular lenses fit just like the contact lenses people use to wear twenty years ago with a few minor differences. First they don't ever have to be removed, second they cover enough of your eye so that they can not be accidentally knocked out and the information the lenses display are visible only to you. The Information Bio Pack is implanted subcutaneously and is connected to your brain stem. All information is pulled up by focusing on a small icon in your field of vision and thinking a certain way to open the file."

"What do you think?" Dr. Edwards asked.

"I have heard of the ocular lenses and bio pack but not the Human Defensive Nanobot Therapy." Aeryn said stunned both at what he was offering and that she was actually considering it.

"It's very new; we just got the approval from the FDA and Medical Board two months ago. The total cost for everything I just told you would be an additional forty thousand dollars."

"You do this a lot don't you?" Aeryn said.

"About once a month, although you are the first one I have ever been willing to offer the entire Human Enhancement Package to." Dr. Edwards replied.

Aeryn would never have thought she would ever sell her body, however this was too much to pass up, sixty thousand dollars worth of upgrades for twenty thousand dollars and a couple of hours of sex. "When...I mean where would this take place?"

Dr. Edwards stood up and walked around his desk. He stood to the side of Aeryn and took her hand. Placing it on his crotch he said, "Why don't we start here."

Aeryn closed her eyes for a moment. Having made up her mind she opened her eyes and began to unbuckle his belt. She unbuttoned his pants and lowered his zipper. She could see the huge bulge straining against his boxers. Pulling his boxers down she released the hardened piece of flesh.

"Oh my god!" Aeryn said taking a grip on the nine inch cock.

"I am a doctor at a human enhancement clinic. I wasn't born with a cock this large." Doctor Edwards replied with a smile.

"I am surprised you didn't get it twelve inches. Don't most men want a ridiculously big penis?"

"The average woman when aroused can only handle up to nine inches. What's the use of a having a twelve inch cock if you can't get it all the way inside her?"

Aeryn began to stroke the shaft a few inches away from her face. The smooth skin of the penis felt warm in her hand. Aeryn could not believe she was doing this. She had only been with two guys in her life and now here she was, about to have sex for what amounted to money. 'Oh well, woman have sex with men sometimes because they think they owe them that for taking them out to a fancy restaurant. I'm about to get forty-thousand dollars worth of human upgrades that would have taken me another six to ten years to save up for." Aeryn thought to herself, trying to justify this unprecedented behavior of hers.

It had been over a year and a half since Aeryn had last had sex. The long thick cock in her hand caused her sex starved young body to respond by sending a torrent of warmth and wetness into her panties. Her legs spontaneously opened and closed beneath the knee length white summer dress she wore. Aeryn felt the doctor's hand slide underneath the low cut top of her dress and work its way under her bra. His hand massaged her left breast and she could feel her nipple respond at the tender touch.

"About a size A," said Dr. Edwards as he correctly guessed her breast size. "We could make that a nice size C."

Dr. Edwards removed his hand from her bra and dress and place it on her head. Gently he guided her lips to his straining cock. He was desperate to feel the lips of the most beautiful young woman he had ever seen wrapped around his flesh. She was easily worth all the upgrades he had offered her and more.

Aeryn placed her pouty lips around the bulbous head of the cock. She wasn't entirely sure she was doing it right. She had slept with two guys but only had sex about a dozen times. None of the times had she given oral sex. Aeryn licked the head of the cock and then down the shaft. She had seen a couple of porn movies and had vague idea what she was supposed to do. She took in about three inches of cock before it hit the soft palate of her throat and she started to gag. Withdrawing the member from her throat she took a couple of deep breaths and placed it back in her warm mouth. She took in just enough so she did not gag. She couldn't figure out how woman in the porn movies were able to get enormous cock down their throats with out throwing up.

Aeryn stroked the remaining six inches with her hand. Her hand beginning to slide up and down the shaft as it became lubricated with her saliva. Her strokes were mechanical and without enthusiasm at first. She sucked on the head and was a little embarrassed at the slurping sound that was coming from her mouth.

"That was not bad," said Dr. Edwards. "I would guess it is either the first blowjob you have ever given or one of the first." Dr. Edwards withdrew his cock from her mouth and watched as a single string of saliva stretched from her pink pouty lips to the head of his cock. He took her hand and helped her up.

"It's the first time." Aeryn said as she was helped up.

"Like I said, it was not bad. I think if it something you are willing to pursue you could become an expert in a very short time, especially if you overcome that gag reflex. It's not difficult, many woman are able to train their throats to accept an object into it. Those beautiful pouty lips of yours are already enough to drive men insane with lust." Dr. Edwards replied.

Leaning against the front of Dr. Edwards's desk with her butt, Aeryn watched as the doctor ran his hand over her body. She could feel her nipples hardening whenever his hand brushed across the sensitive nipple. After a couple of minutes of being fondled she watched as Dr. Edwards grab the chair she had been sitting in and pulled it up to her.

"Take off your bra Aeryn; I want to see those beautiful breasts of yours." Dr. Edwards said as he took a seat.

Aeryn slid the thin straps of fabric off her shoulder and slid her arms out. The top of the dress came down to her stomach and stayed in place. She reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra and slid it off.

"Not a freckle or a blemish. You are flawless." Dr. Edwards said as he leaned forward, placed his hands around her waist and began to suck on her tits. He ran his tongue around the pink erect nipple. He alternated between flickering his tongue against the protruding nipple and fitting as much of her small breast as he could into his mouth. His hands moved slowly from her waist to her ass. He moved his hands further down to her hem-line and then back up under her dress. His hands slowly caressed the smooth skin on the back of her legs as he made his way back up. Dr. Edwards gripped the most perfectly rounded ass he had ever felt.

Aeryn closed her eyes as the Doctor's hands explored her ass and his mouth explored her breast. She could feel his finger follow along the string that went down the crack of her ass. Silently wishing she had worn a pair of plain cotton panties instead of the thong she had worn to avoid a panty line.

"Let's see what treasure is hiding beneath that skirt." Dr. Edwards said as he lifted the front of Aeryn's skirt. "Beautiful." said Dr. Edwards as he saw the thin material of the panties cling to her mound. Holding her skirt up with one hand he ran his fingertips over her thong.

Aeryn gripped the edge of the desk tightly as her body responded with overwhelming desire to the Doctor's gentle caress. A soft moan escaped her lips as she felt his finger go underneath the fabric and glide across her drenched lips. She then felt him pull aside her panties. Opening her eyes for a moment she saw his head lean further towards her until his mouth connected with her pussy. Aeryn groaned more audibly as the Doctor's tongue slid across her shaved mound. She unconsciously spread her legs a little further apart.

Doctor Edwards was enjoying what he had found. He preferred a woman to have completely shaved pussy and hers was bald. There was not even the slightest hint of stubble when he ran his tongue all over her. His tongue and mouth were now soaking wet as her body produced an excess of dew. He drove his tongue deep inside her and was rewarded with another moan of pleasure. He slid his tongue up, parting her slit and then hit her clitoris.

Aeryn felt her hips thrust forward when the doctor hit her clit with his tongue. Her knuckles were white from the death grip she had on the edge of the desk. Leaning back she could feel the impending orgasm. Aeryn's eyes shot open and she inhaled through her nose deeply as she felt two of the Doctor's fingers slide deep inside her. She felt him move his fingers in and out of her while twisting his hand. With his mouth still sucking on her swollen clit, her body shook violently as she had an orgasm. "Doctor, I'm cumming." Aeryn screamed as her body was sent over the edge and all thought of impropriety had disappeared.

Dr. Edwards withdrew his face from between his patient's legs; his face was glistening with her juices. "That was one hell of an orgasm you had," said Dr. Edwards a little envious. Leaning back in the chair he stroked his swollen cock a few times. "Why don't you come and sit down." He said patting his lap.

Aeryn having finally stopped trembling from the orgasm took a step towards the doctor. The chair didn't have any armrest and she was able to easily straddle him. She hiked up her skirt around her waist and lowered herself onto his flagpole of a cock. Reaching underneath she grabbed his cock and lined it up with her drenched pussy. With her panties still pulled to the side, she felt the head slide in her overheated hole. She raised and lowered herself a few times to let her juices coat his cock. On about the fourth time she had him completely inside her. She was a little surprised that she could fit him all the way in. She could feel her pussy stretched to its max to accommodate the thickness of his member. This time it was the Doctor who moaned loudly as she impaled herself on his cock. With a grip on his shoulders she began to ride her Doctor. Raising herself up until his cock had almost come out of her and then lowering all the way back down.

"That's it Aeryn, ride my cock. Your pussy is so tight; I can feel it gripping my cock."

Aeryn did not know how to respond and simply kept riding up and down like she was no a merry-go-round. Once again her body responded to having sex. She could feel her juices flowing again and knew she would be leaking all over him. She closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation as the nine inches of flesh pushed its way deep inside her. She felt every inch as her pussy expanded and slowly filled with flesh.

After about twenty minutes Dr. Edwards put his hands around her waist and lifted her off. He turned her around and bent the beautiful and exotic young woman over his desk. "I want you from behind." He hiked her skirt back up, reached under her and pulled the string of her thong over her left cheek. He guided his cock to her wet hole and pushed in the head. There was no friction as his cock penetrated her completely, only the tightness of her young pussy squeezing his cock like a tight lubricated glove.

Aeryn felt herself being pushed forward with a little more force each thrust. Her hands once again gripped the edge. With her head leaning down and her back slightly arched, she had finally relaxed. She was surprised at how horny she was. She had been sexually aroused before, but never to this degree. She didn't know if it was having sex with someone she had just met, having sex in a Dr.'s office, having sex for money or some combination of all three.
