 Chapter Five ... Bubble Toon City and the infamous taco truck

James raced down the sidewalk and when he got to the old motel he swung open the door...

The girls were snuggling in bed reading the book and pepper had her dick comfortably lodged deep inside Molly's little butt.

"DID YOU GUYS HEAR?" James yelled.

Skipper fluttered around his head and asked; "Hear what?" in her gruff little voice.

"THE TOONS ARE OUT!" James whipped open the curtains to a parade of nonsensical characters pouring from the doors of the factory.

"OH SHIT!" Pepper jumped up and Molly screamed when the cock was yanked from her asshole.

The girls ran around the room collecting their clothes while James and the skip stared at the colorful chaos flooding into the street outside the window.

Skipper put on a tiny army helmet and said, "Well there goes the neighborhood," as she lit a tiny cigar with a tiny match.

James thought about the level of absurdity his life had reached by hanging out with just two cartoons, and he was starting to see the gravity of the situation as a sea of nonsense poured into his little town.

"Pepper stood by the door clapping her hands and hustling the group along, "hurry up guys the doors are open!"

They raced down the hill hiding behind trees and bushes along the way.

When they finally snuck up to the door pepper pulled a long rope from her bag. "Here everyone, tie this rope around your waist so we don't get separated in there, the toons are soft and bouncy so we can just push our way through the crowd. If we get separated let's meet in the lobby."

The three were connected by the rope and skipper fluttered down James shirt and tied herself to his cock with a piece of string.

"Molly giggled with excitement, "IM HAVING SO MUCH FUN WITH YOU GUYS!" She yelled into the chaos.

"Okay, are we ready?" Pepper led by forcing her way through the crowd.

The flood of color rushing past them was disorienting and all of the silly noises were defining, it was a horrible cacophony of slide whistles and xylophones.

James kept slipping on discarded banana peels and for some reason, there was an anvil dangling precariously from the ceiling that Molly didn't like the looks of at all.

They lost sight of pepper but they just kept following the rope, James could feel skipper hugging his cock so he knew she was safe.

The crowd started thinning out when they came near the lobby and pepper stopped at the reception window.

"We need to break this glass to check the guest book for your wife's room number." Pepper barked orders.

"SMASHEY SMASHEY!" She screamed at the window.

Molly and James just stared at her in confusion.

"SMASHEY SMASHEY!" She once again yelled at the heavens

They waited just a moment for something to happen... but nothing happened.

"Smashey smas..."

She was interrupted when a tiny toy hammer popped up from the crowd.

"Black Pepper? Is that you?" The hammer asked in a sophisticated tone.

"Yeah, it's me."

He casually floated over, "Well, how absolutely fantastic to see you, You know I was Just speaking with your lovely sister about your recipe for fillet of sole and we could not for the life of us remember if you use one shoe or..."

Pepper interrupted him, "It's lovely to see you but I'm kind of in a hurry, we need this window smashed."

"Say no more my old friend, I'm happy to be of service to such a hero as yourself."

The hammer spun in circles in a dramatic wind-up and flew through the air straight towards the heavy glass.

He maniacally yelled "SMASHEY SMASHEY!" As he flew towards the window, but he stopped in mid-fight before impact and just lightly tapped it with his soft hammerhead...

One second of silence fell over the group before a defining explosion blew the walls off of the reception area... the window was the only thing left standing.

Smashy dusted off his hands and floated around peppers head, "So what are you guys up to?"

We need the guestbook so we can save this cute boys lovely wife, it's kind of an emergency."

"Oh, I see," The hammer nudged James shoulder with a sly wink, "All for young love is it? Well, what's this lucky young birds name? Maybe I have seen her."

"Her name is Stephanie; she's really cute and has dark hair." James described his wife to the hammer.

"OH! I know Stephanie! ...Wait, do you mean big Stephanie or little Stephanie?"

"Umm... probably little Stephanie... How big is big Stephanie?"

"She's really big, if you know what I mean, hee hee." The hammer nudged him and winked."

"I truly don't know what you mean Mr. Smashey." James was trying to be polite.

"Yeah, I know little Stephanie, is she about this tall," he fluttered around her approximate height."

"Yeah yeah!" James was getting exited. "That's her."

The hammer continued describing her, "Yeah, I know her, she has dark hair and crazy eyes, and she always has a dick in her mouth?"

"Yeah yeah, that's her... wait what?"

Pepper jumped in trying to get a quick answer. "Where did you see her Smashey?

"Oh well let's see... I saw her fucking those zebra men in that field during the last day of the war..."

"WHAT?" James yelled.

"And I saw her sucking those dicks under the table during the dinner meeting last night..."

"WHOS DICKS?" James didn't like this at all.

"And I saw her at that taco truck near your house."

"WHAT WAS SHE DOING AT THE TACO TRUCK?" James was pretty sure the answer had to do with sucking dick.

"She was eating tacos." The hammer reassured.

"Eww!" Pepper chimed in, "The tacos at that place are terrible, folks only go there for the burritos."

Smashey got excited, "THOSE BURRITOS ARE phenomenal!"

"Yeah, they are!" Pepper was glad to talk to someone that understood. "Have you tried the cilantro salsa?"

The hammer was mildly insulted and responded with an appropriate amount of sass, "Oh no pepper, I haven't tried the world famous cilantro salsa from the only taco truck in toon town... even though it's right next to my house... of course, I tried it, I have eaten everything on that menu a thousand times you silly doodle." 

Pepper giggled and was glad to be home with her sassy friends. "So where was the LAST place you saw Stephanie?"

"Hmm..." Smashie thought about it for a minute, "The taco truck."

"Okay, when was that?" Pepper asked.

"About ten minutes ago... she was with your sister."

"Well, this just gets easier and easier," Pepper said confidently. "Let's go!"

"Wait wait, you have to take the elevator, the lube tube isn't working." 

"Oh that sucks!" pepper stomped her feet. "That elevator takes like a half hour from all the way up here."

"Yeah, Hypercore shut the whole tube down, I got stuck near the end and had to walk through the slippery pipe.

"Okay fine, we'll take the elevator, Thank you for your help.

Smashie flew in front of them and said: "Wait wait, before you go, have you guys seen skipper anywhere around here?"

James was about to open his mouth when he felt her squeezing his cock in a 'don't tell him where I am' squeeze... "Umm, no, I haven't seen her." James smiled.

Molly and pepper just smiled and shook their heads no.

"Ok, well if you see her tell her I said I miss her." Smashey looked forlorn.

"We will," Pepper promised.

"Thank you... Okay, I'll see you guys later, I'm going to do this escaping thing that everybody's talking about."

James shook his tiny little hand. "Okay, I'm sure we will run into you again, thank you for your help Smashey."

"No problem, tell little Stephanie I said hi... I'll see you suckers on the other side... Ha.. ha ha ha!" they waved while he maniacally laughed and flew into the crowd.

Molly and James followed Pepper as she raced down the hallway and through the cell block until they reached a fantastically decorated elevator.

They piled in; hit the button labeled bubble toon city... and the lift slowly descended.

They stood in silence for a few minutes listening to the smooth whirr of the electric motor slowly dropping them into the earth.

"Is this really going to take a half hour?" Molly asked already bored.

"Probably longer," Pepper slumped down and sat Indian style and put her chin on her palm. "This is the slowest thing ever."

After just a few moments of silence, Molly spoke up... "This is so fucking boring!"

"Do you guys want to play some cards?" pepper asked.

"You have a deck of cards?"

"No, but I could order some from acme." She pulled a catalog from her bag with Acme emblazoned on the cover.

Pepper unclipped an antique looking fountain pen from the spine and flipped through the pages while James and Molly looked over her shoulder.

The catalog had all kind of nonsensical item and she quickly found the cards, "Here they are!" She pointed and was about to circle it.

"Wait what's that?" Molly pointed at a little cartoon dick with legs, he was smiling and giving the ok symbol while a surprised looking housewife baked some pies in the background of the picture.

"Hmm, I don't know," pepper answered, "It says now with Crazy Cumming action."

"And CRAZY is capitalized." Molly was intrigued.

"It's probably just a toon dildo; he looks cute though, should we get it?" She asked.

James and Molly shrugged.

Pepper circled the ad with her well-worn wooden fountain pen and slouched against the wall of the elevator to wait.

"Did you get it? Molly asked.

"Yeah, it should be here soon."

They were silent as the elevator slowly lowered them into the abyss until they heard a light knocking at the escape hatch above their heads.

"What's that?" Molly yelled.

"It's probably just my package" pepper calmly explained, "WHO IS IT?" She yelled at the hatch.

"Package for black pepper... from acme?" A tiny little voice said from above.

"See, I told you, nothing to be afraid of, it's just Acme." She stretched her arm to the ceiling like a noodle and opened the hatch.

A tiny little toon helicopter came through and lowered a package on a string.

"Thank you!" Pepper smiled and waved.

When she opened the box there was a cute little cartoon dick innocently smiling and sleeping in the packing paper.

Molly picked it up and it flopped around in her hand. "I can't fuck this; it's so soft and floppy."

Pepper fished the instructions from the box and read it aloud, "To turn on tiny toy Richard with new crazy cumming action please use the power switch located in the recessed area on the underside of his body section.

Molly flipped him upside down and peered through the little hole, "Yeah, I think I see something in here." She slipped her pinkie finger and wiggled it around until she pushed the switch.

Tiny toy Richard with new crazy cumming action sprang to life and flew around their heads doing a little dance.

"Oh that's adorable Molly smiled at his antics before he flew around and jammed himself deep in her pussy.

"IEEE!" She shrieked as she stood on her toes.

The toy was quickly fucking her while he laughed and dangled his little feet from her pussy.

James and Pepper watched while a very surprised Molly took a pounding of a lifetime.

"Well, that was worth the money." Pepper laughed.

Molly walked around the elevator a little bit to regain her composer.

She stood up straight and took a deep breath as the toy laughed and fucked her harder. 

The scrappy little guy fucked her for quite some time before she let out a guttural moan, she bent her knees and fell to the floor while she screamed and whimpered.

"Man, that thing is a bit much," James exclaimed.

Molly was rolling around on the floor in pure bliss as the toy jackhammered her sweet pussy.

When the crazy cumming action kicked in he completely filled her up in a typical toon fashion, and when it was too much to handle he shot out her like a little cork.

Molly was rolling around twitching and whimpering while cum just poured from her body. The little toy flew around the tiny elevator shooting cum everywhere in a cartoonish garden hose type of way.

James and pepper were dripping and slipping around the cold floor as they tried to catch the toy in the air, but it was too fast for them and just kept laughing before he went back and forced his way into molly's slippery little asshole.

"NOOOO!" She screamed while she crawled around the elevator.

James grabbed his tiny little legs to try to pull him out, but he was in there tight and she just slid on all fours as James pulled her around the elevator.

The cute toy relentlessly hammered away at her little body while she flailed around the slippery floor looking for the instructions.

When she found them they were too soggy to read, so she just gave in and laid on the floor to accept the pounding.

Out of ideas molly and James just watched while he dumped heroic amounts of cum deep inside her little body.

Molly slithered around the floor helplessly as the little guy showed no signs of stopping when James finally remembered the instructions.

He kneeled down and put his finger in the hole in the bottom of the toy that was hanging from between her legs, he fished around for the switch and it finally shut down.

James yanked it out and threw it in peppers bag while Molly quietly shook in the puddle.

"Well that was ridiculous; the description in the catalog could have a bit more detailed." James giggled. 

"Well, the word CRAZY in crazy cumming action was capitalized." Pepper defended acme products as she slid down the wall and sat with Molly.

The entire elevator was a dripping mess, cum bubbled from the girl's tender pussy and slowly blobbed down her inner thighs.

Molly wiped it from her face up into her hair to keep it out of her eyes, "I hope the doors open before we drown in here."

"Yeah, that thing sure gives you a lot of cum for the price." Pepper was once again impressed by the value of another wonderful acme product.

After just a few minutes a bell dinged and the doors opened.

James couldn't believe his eyes.

"Wow!" Molly exclaimed while she dripped from every hole in her thin little body.

The sky was a bright majestic blue and the happy sun had an inviting smile. The field just outside of the elevator doors was pockmarked with deep holes from explosions and the dirt was an inky rich color.

James could see tall buildings off in the distance, they seemed limp and sagging to one side and a colorful waterslide ran above their heads along the sidewalk.

"Come on let's go check the taco truck for Stephanie, Pepper gently patted molly's slippery butt cheeks as they left the messy elevator.

"The sidewalk was firm yet had a little bounce to it, Molly stepped in the soft cartoon grass and her bare feet sunk into spongy earth.

"You don't need those clothes here." Pepper said while she stripped her sloppy uniform off, "It looks like most transport is down, we are going to have to walk."

The warm sun quickly dried their gooey bodies and James and Molly followed pepper while they tried to understand this amazing place. 

They passed a little patch of wildflowers growing around the base of the pole that supported the waterslide.

"Hi Black pepper!" one of the little flowers greeted her when they passed. Pepper smiled and waved.

The landscape although beautifully drawn was rather barren, there were big holes and shrapnel littering the field.

James trudged on following the girls. "What happened here pepper?" He kicked a little piece of metal off the sidewalk.

"The time pirates left a bunch of weapons from the future here so the toons could escape and help fight the dimension war, this part of town was destroyed by Hypercore before they gave up... but don't worry, I live in the nice part of town, and it was left untouched."

When they reached the downtown area molly looked up at the tall buildings limping to one side, there were cute little storefront shops at the bottom and the open doors swung in the breeze.

James slid his hand up Molly's slippery inner thigh while they looked through the window of a confetti shop. "Do they really only sell confetti here?"

Pepper slinked up behind him and said, "Yeah, that's my favorite one, they have really good prices." She said as she slowly slid her dick between his cheeks.

He knew she was going to have her way with him no matter what so he just arched his back to let her in. "How much confetti could you possibly need?" he asked as his body opened up when she pushed in deep.

"You can never have enough; I like the kind with glitter!" She announced while she gently fucked his little asshole. "Come on let's go." She held his waist and turned him around.

They walked for a few blocks and pepper followed close behind him sliding her cock in and out of his slippery naked body with every step.

Molly was leading the group and they both watched her pussy lips sliding together and dripping on the sidewalk as she walked. "How much farther is it?" She asked.

"Not much," Pepper answered while she filled James with cum and walked through an orgasm.

"Can we get a taco really quick when we get there, I'm starving," James asked.

Pepper pushed deep as he took the load. "Sure, you have to try the salsa, it's amazing.

The happy sun beamed down casting long shadows of the droopy buildings on the bouncy street, the air smelled sweet and rubbery, like a freshly opened bag of balloons.

As they walked closer to the downtown area the desolate streets started to come to life with colorful toons just going about their business.

The naked trio continued down the sidewalk and nobody seemed to even bat an eye at pepper and James as they fucked.

When the taco truck came into view Pepper slowly pulled her dick out and James left a little trail of cum through the parking lot while it streamed down his naked legs.

They walked up to the window and a surly looking little bulldog greeted them, "Hi pepper, what can I get for you?"

"Hi Billy, can we get a dozen tacos and one burrito?"

"Sure, do you want extra cilantro salsa?"

"You know I do Billy!" She gave him some friendly sass. "Hey, have you seen a girl with dark hair come through here? She's about this tall." Pepper held her hand up about Stephanie's size.

"Hmm, I see a lot of customers, what's her name?"

"Her name is Stephanie and she's super cute!" James chimed in.

"Oh, yeah, I seen Stephanie... Wait, are you talking about big Stephanie or little Stephanie?" The Bulldog asked as he prepared the tacos. 

"Little Stephanie," Pepper answered.

"You mean Stephanie with the crazy eyes?"

"Yeah, that's her." Pepper smiled.

"She was just here; she was sitting on your sister's cock over there while she ate a burrito." He pointed to the yellow painted curb, there was a familiar little wet spot dripping into the street and James knew he was close to finding her.

"I think your sister took her to your place, at least that's what it sounded like they were talking about." The gruff little bulldog said while he bagged the burrito. "That will be ten marks." He handed Pepper the bag and held out a half drawn picture of a little car.

Pepper took her pen from her bag and made twelve little lines completing the drawing a little bit more.

"And here is a tip." She made a couple extra little lines on the top to form a little sunroof.

"Thank you pepper!" The bulldog smiled.

"No problem, thank you for the information." She smiled back.

They walked a couple of blocks down the shady tree-lined sidewalk until they came across a nondescript little apartment building and pepper bounced up the steps.

"This is it!" She smiled and unlocked the front door.