 My ex-girlfriend Rainbow was the most beautiful girl I'd ever met. God help me for ever losing her. We were so in love...

The first thing that struck me about her was her shining face; it stood out in a crowd. To me, it stood out among all the girls in the world. Her full, perfect lips would smile, her eyes would eclipse, and all my worries would eclipse with them. Before we got together, I would steel my glances of her whenever I could not wanting to stare at her like a creep, though stare at her all day long is what I'd really longed to do.

Eventually, after 3 years (a tale unto itself) she was finally mine. I could not believe it as I held her in my arms, my grateful lips tasting of hers. She was my angel.

Her personality aside (which was in such perfect harmony with my own that it left me breathlessly enraptured) allow me to describe her physical beauty: she had light skin, flecked with tiny brown beauty-marks here and there, a cascading, ass-length mane of thick, light-blonde hair, broad, slender shoulders, ample triple-D tits, an hourglass-figure, a thin, wasp-waist, flat, slender belly, a fairly huge, sizeable ass, and long, pale, shapely, legs. Her pussy, plump and flawlessly waxed completely smooth, would flow like a little stream at the merest touch of my fingers or tongue, so much were we into each other and in love. 

Her (waxed) asshole, she eventually learned to relax enough to allow me to fuck hard and deep with my thick, grateful, ten-inch cock. We made love at all hours of the day and night, anyplace we could. I can still remember her beautiful orgasms, her pussy spasming tightly around my aching cock, gushing her hot juices out upon us, before I'd pull out and cum all over her beautiful body, or she'd suck my dick fast and lovingly, drinking my fresh cum straight down her throat like a slutty cum-vacuum.

Sometimes she'd oil herself up and look like the Goddess of Love, and we'd fuck all night till the sun came up. I can still hear the slapping of my shaved balls against her sweaty, wet, oiled mons, my hips slamming up against her perfect, big, quivering, fleshy ass-cheeks, and her ample tits as they slapped against one and other as I fucked her from behind, now up one hole, then up the other.

If I were having a bad day, or even if I wasn't, she'd kneel before me and free my cock just inside the door when I got home and give me head, sucking my shaft until I came, and drinking down all the cum from my grateful, spurting balls.

We'd shower together, and of course always wind up fucking like bunnies beneath the steaming water. I can still see the image of my grateful, veiny shaft sliding deep in and out of her smooth, hot, soft, wet cunt, her long, pale, shapely leg slung up over my shoulder and her big tits flopping to and fro with my hard thrusts up inside of her tight snatch. Oh, to kiss her again, to grip her big oily tits and sizable ass once more, to hold her oily wasp-waist as I fuck her cock-holes: her deep, soft pussy, her welcoming hot, wet mouth, and her hot, tight asshole, to fuck my sexy angel once more... I can still feel her hot mouth sucking on my balls as she would jerk my shaft which would be lubed up with her own pussy-juices, see her perfect ass backing up onto my shaft, taking its entire length up her hot, tight, glistening, oiled shitter, and urging me to, 'Fuck me! Oh yes, fuck me! Fuck my ass, lover!' I can still hear her moans of pleasure as we'd fuck...

All other girls have paled in the shadow of her memory. I'm a broken man now. There's nothing of flesh left in this world for me now, having once already had the most beautiful of all. Yet I jerk-off, not daring to even dream of my sacred Love lest I defile her sacred memory, over some picture of some anonymous girl's ass or other, that I know could never even hope to compare to my lost, beloved Rainbow.

Such were my thoughts as I got home, tossing my keys up onto the frige as I always did. I'd been at work all day, and had stopped at the mall on the way home to get groceries, some new clothes that I'd needed, and a porno for the evening. I showered and slipped into a new pair of boxers I'd just bought, when suddenly- WHOOSH!

I felt like I was flying through the sky in a blizzard, and then- WHAM! I landed on a soft bed. My vision slowly adjusted to the light, and I realized I was in my room... of 15 years ago! It was just like when I was living with Rainbow, and then to my astonishment I heard her voice singing from the bathroom! I looked down at my new boxers incredulously, and realization hit me like a bolt of lightning: 'They must be time-boxers!!!'

A stupid grin spread across my face and my dick began to instantly rise as I anticipated my naked angel coming back from the shower to join me in bed. I stroked my shaft and wondered if it were really happening.

In a short time Rainbow opened the door. She was completely naked. She looked amazing! and horny...

"Got myself waxed today, sweetie. Wanna take a look?" she teased, brushing her fingers along her bald pussy.

"Yes I do, baby," I managed.

She paused, no doubt looking at my astonishment at her beauty which I hadn't seen for 15 years, then asked, "You ok, lover?"

"I will be, baby," I answered. "God I love you! Now show me that pussy, ok??"

"ok," she smiled.

My dick was already nearly fully hard as she swayed over to me where I sat on the bed, bringing her smooth pussy to my face. She held it there, literally touching it to my nose, a string of her juice connecting them as she slowly pulled away and said, "Now the other side," and turned around, and spread her big perfect ass-cheeks apart for my inspection.

"God, you're perfect..." I whispered, staring into her arse.

Her brown star was stupendous; a perfectly manicured fuck-hole, faded brown around its circumference, doing double-duty as her shit-hole, but tonight indubitably cleaned and intended as a ring for my cock, a sheath for my shaft, a glove for my meat, you get the picture.

"Your asshole looks so fucking beautiful," I hissed into her sexy bum. "Your asshole looks so fucking beautiful," I repeated like a mantra. I was talking to her arse. "It's so fucking beautiful." I was starring, mesmerized. Her hole was like the center of an ass-mandala I was gazing into, hypnotized. I had to fuck it, to feel my meat deep up insider her tight shitter, fucking it, feeling her ring along the length of my fucking cock. I had to fuck her again...

"Then why don't you stick your cock up my ass?" Rainbow teased like a slut, which she wasn't, except for me.

"I thought you'd never ask."

She got in doggy with a low, massive back arch, just like I remember she used to do. She reached around and lubed up her shitter for my dick.

"Pick a hole, baby. Just go slowly at first when you put it up my ass, ok?"

"Ok," I said as I fed the tip of my now rock hard meat first into her steaming hot, completely bald, wet cunt.

"Oh yeah!" she moaned as I began fucking her. I was transported to heaven at feeling my dick back up my lover's cunt. I reached around and grabbed her ample boobs as I fucked her tight, sweet flower. I could practically see the steam rising up from her hot, beautiful hole as I fucked it with much enthusiasm.

"Fuck, your boobs are huge, baby!" I said as I rammed her 19-year-old cunt from the back with my sizable dick. Her juices were splashing onto our thighs as we fucked and fucked.

"Oh fuck, don't stop! What is with you today, stud?? It's amazing!" she moaned pushing back onto me.

"I missed you today, baby," I said as I pulled out and told her to suck my dick. Her face looked so goddamn hot sucking on my cock that it was almost too much to bear. Before long I told her to get back down on her hands and knees so I could fuck her arse.

I positioned my cock on the opening of her ass.

"Relax, baby," I told her.

I felt her ring literally slacken as she relaxed and I pushed my cock slowly all the way up her hot, tightest fuck-tube.

"Oh! Goddamn! Shit!" I stammered trying not to nut right then and there, it felt so fucking good.

"You like that, eh?" Rainbow giggled, obviously pleased. "Now I want you to fuck my asshole hard! Cum up my ass! Cum in me, baby!"

I gripped her perfect ass-meat and shoved my cock hard back and forth, deep up her tight, wonderful, shit-glove for my cock. "Holy fuck!" I breathed as I plowed her gorgeous bum with my cock, her beautiful ring stretched tight around my fucking shaft. Her depths were tight, wet, and hot as hell on my lucky fucking cock. Her pussy drooled on my grateful, slapping balls.

Inspired, she reached into a drawer and produced a bottle of lavender-oil she seemed to have just remembered. "You want some of this on me, baby?" she said as she poured it all over her back and ass, rubbing it into her tits too, transforming her body into a glistening Fuck-Tornado, impaled by my unspeakably lucky cock.

"Goddamn!!" I shouted as my cock's pistoning up her asshole became a frenzy. We both began muttering dirty, desperate words as I fucked her ass. She: "Fuck my fucking shit-hole! Cum up my ass, baby!" and me: "Fuck your ass is so goddamn fucking tight and beautiful! You ready for my cum, you slut?" I squeezed her tits harder than ever as I crested over, blasting the biggest load of all time deep up the tight hole of her glorious shitter. "Fuck!!!" we both yelled as we convulsed and came in unison.

I kept fucking her even after I'd cum; my dick stayed hard. I pulled out and she turned around and sucked me hard. Then she took the oil and re-coated her ample chest, letting me slide my dick up the deep valley of her oily cleavage and fuck her, as she held her two massive tits in place tightly against my fucking cock. Goddamn, she was beautiful!

"I'm gonna cum again baby!" I wheezed.

"Do it; cum on my face, baby!" she urged sexily.

I fucked her boobs like a man possessed until finally I coated her gorgeous face in rope after rope of my hot cum. She took my now softening dick into her gorgeous mouth and sucked me back to hardness. I grabbed the back of her gorgeous head and gently fucked her face, her beautiful eyes starring up into mine, my fucking dick pistoning down her hot, wet, teenaged throat.

"Goddamn I want you!" I yelled as I urgently repositioned her, spreading her luscious legs wide open and planting the head of my cock up her gorgeous hot, wet, fleshy cunt. I wasted no time in grabbing her big oily tits and fucking the shit out of her pussy, she keeping her legs open as wide as they'd go as I fucked her. We both wailed as she came first, her cunt spasming and gushing around my dick, after which I pulled out and painted the entire front of her body with a web of my cum.

"Goddamn," I started to cry, "why'd we ever have to break up?"

"What are you taking about?? There there, lover; calm down," she soothed.

I absent-mindedly put my boxers back on when- WHOOSH! The same thing happened as last time. The next thing I knew I was back in my room in the present time. Goddamn time-boxers! I'd lost her again! But then a sound made me do a double take. It was Rainbow's voice singing from the bathroom!