 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
Alex gets a visit by the Grophmechs and is surprised to meet what he, at first, thinks is "GreyHacker."   This is the final chapter
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

Three nights later Alex woke to find three Grophmech standing in his bedroom. Two had the standard lizard-like bodies he had seen before. The third was smooth-skinned and grey with large black eyes.  "Hello Alex," spoke the grey one in Alice's voice. "Did you know that there are several different exteriors skins that can be used in constructing a Grophmech?" Then, picking up Alex by the shoulders, she added, "but we are all the same super machines inside." 

With that the Grophmech Alice slung him over her shoulder in a fireman's carry and with a low chuckle added, "You've been a really bad boy and now you are going to pay dearly for it." Alex screamed, wet himself, and passed out. 

When he came to he was naked in a terrifyingly familiar steel room. The Alice Grophmech was holding him upside down while one of the two lizard Grophmechs wrapped ropes around his ankles and tied them tightly to chains which hung from the corners of the room. A third Grophmech was tying his hands just as tightly to chains that were attached to the eye bolts in the corners of the floor.

Alice Grophmech turned to a camera like device that hung from the ceiling and asked, "Are all the recorders ready?" Then she ran her hands over Alex's body. It was now dripping with sweat. She stroked his flaccid penis and purred, "I don't know if you are going to enjoy this, but with your new implant, I am... and fleshie Alice will.... and I will have the recordings to keep me company for a long, long time."

Her voice changed to something between a yell and a growl as she continued. "We OWN your sorry ass from this day on, and don't think about trying to hide once we let you go. You have now been implanted with a bi-directional implant that I - or Fleshie Alice - can turn on at any time. If the bi-directional mode is enabled, that would mean that you would re-experience tonight every time anyone watches it or plays back a recording of it."

After she finished speaking, Grophmech Alice stepped aside and mammalian Alice stepped in. She was naked and her body shone in the bright lights. She was smiling, but the smile terrified rather than comforted Alex. "Do you know what the Grophmechs call me?" She asked. "Fleshie Alice. I kind of like the sound of that. I think I will use it as my new sign-in name. It will remind me - AND YOU - that there is also a mech Alice out there keeping tabs on you."

Alice stepped around so that she was standing directly in front of Alex. With the way that he was hanging upside down, he was looking directly into the slit between her legs. She moved forward until she was almost brushing his face with her cunt and said, "Yes, Alex, it is still smooth." After running her fingers down between her legs, she added, "And it is wet. It is wet because I am sexually excited by the idea that my day of revenge has finally come. And this moment is not just for me and for my sisters, the Grophmech. This day of revenge is for all the universe."

Alice snapped her fingers and several large monitors lit up against the dark walls. Alex could see the home pages of his "Screams" and "Moans" websites as well as his "Anything for You" website. The third screen caused his stomach to turn. He almost threw up in fear. He had never told Alice about "Anything for You."  The Grophmech had not designed it and had never been on it - except the night that GreyHacker took over the site. He had pirated portions of the Gophmech's code for use on the site so that the avatars would do anything to themselves or to each other at the direction of the paying customers. Alice was the principal draw for the site. If she knew about that site, he was in big trouble, but maybe he could still talk his way out of this.

Then a fourth monitor lit up. It was the largest of all and it displayed the entryway for "The Hunt." Alex groaned, "No, no, no, no, no..." On that site, Alice was the favorite choice for the hunt and destroy sessions. She knew everything... EVERYTHING!

Alice snapped her fingers again and a special pop up appeared in the middle of each of the screens announcing in bright blue letters on a purple background, "Free Live Showing Tonight. Revenge is Sweet. Staring The REAL Alice! Free Downloads Forever"

Alice stood so that Alex was now watching the screens through the inverted "V" at the top of her legs. She reached down and thwacked the base of his penis with her finger tip as if she were flicking a bug off the top of a fence. Alex twisted in his bonds at sudden sensation. 

"That was just to get your attention. This is going out to ALL of your websites. It is a special freebie to all members, past members and potential members. And you will keep it on your websites forever or I - or my mechanical transport over there - will come back for you and next time we won't be so gentle."

After her little speech, Fleshie Alice walked toward the darkness and mech Alice stepped forward and handed her a long, black whip with a yellow emblem on the side. As soon as he saw the whip and recognized it as the same as on the websites, Alex began crying, begging and pleading. The begging soon turned to screaming as the first lash wound around his shins near his ankles. A counter on the website screens clicked upward 135 points.

The next several lashes worked their way down toward his thigh. The counter was near 10,000 and Alex's screams were hoarse and very high pitched by the time the whip reached the center of the X formed by his body. Alice paused, faced the cameras and smiled widely, and then turned the whip and brought it straight down into the center of the cross with a resounding thwack

Alex lost consciousness.  He did not hear the bell that announced a score of over 10,000 or the voice of the Grophmech saying, "Very good, Fleshie Alice. Would you like to try a different wand of punishment?"

A splash of something that felt like cold water brought Alex back to his senses. Grophmech Alice was standing in front of him with a bucket. His skin burned as if he were being eaten by a swarm of fire ants, but the welts and cuts slowly disappeared. "Just like on the website," giggled Fleshie Alice, rubbing her now flowing cunt against Alex's face. "So is this," she hissed, and held up a black, flat paddle about four feet long and three inches in width. There were silver dots evenly spaced across the surface of the paddle.

"We should be able to finish with the paddle in normal mode and then electric mode and still have at least two sessions with the electric prods before we reach the range limit of their beam machines."

Alice squatted down so that she was face to face with Alex. "When we are finished here, they will put me back in my bedroom where I will have the best night's sleep EVER! You, however, will be dangling just like you are beneath the Times Square Marquee while a recording of our final session plays on the big screen. The Grophmech assure me it will take at least until morning for the technicians to figure out how to disconnect you, shut down the system and reboot it. After that, IF you shut down "The Hunt" and take me off ALL your other websites, I will call it even. You get to live. You get to stay rich. And if the government doesn't take you away somewhere to conceal the truth about the Grophmechs who have been stopping by for the past couple of millennia, you get to go on with your life."

Alex tried to respond, but the thwack of the paddle changed his response into a senseless scream followed by another and another and another until he hung unconscious above the ground.

When Fleshie Alice finished, Grophmech Alice again stepped forward with a bucket. Alex woke and writhed in pain as the chemicals and micro-miniature robots she had splashed over him repaired his body. As he twisted in his bonds, Alice smiled for the cameras and announced, "Time for the full electric mode." 

Alice then raised the whip above her head, and as she brought the paddle / whip down in a swishing arc, she yelled out an exulted scream of joy. It was a very satisfying scream.

.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
END OF ALICE SCREAMS

Please remember to vote 
by clicking on one of the stars at the end of the story. 
If you really liked it, click 5. 
If you really hated it, click 1, but please click something.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =