 'Hey-elp. Oh hey-elp'

The distress call came from one of the houses below. Captain Cock slowed and hovered in mid-air, his cape catching in the gentle summer breeze.

'Oh puh-lease.'

There it was again. Barely a whisper, but the Captains super senses picked up the distress in the voice. He floated slowly down to the rooftops, concentrating his acute senses. He caught a flicker of movement some few blocks away as a curtain was pulled shut. Showtime, he thought, and flew to the bungalow window.

He didn't have the X-ray vision that some of his compadres at Superhero Towers had -- but he didn't need it in this case. There was a sliver opening of the curtains and he caught a glimpse inside. A woman was bound, naked, lying on the floor. Her blonde tousled hair pooling around her head like a halo. Then movement at the door and another woman strode into view.

The newcomer was a tall, athletic woman with long brown hair and moved around the room like a panther. Leather stiletto boots, short black skirt and a basque that showed off an ample cleavage. Captain Cock grunted to himself as the newcomer bent over to pick up a weapon from the floor. Her skirt rode up and revealed a tight peachy arse.

It was the Supervillain 'Tinxarella'. He recognised her smouldering features from a wanted poster back at the Towers. Beautiful. Deadly. One of her many superpowers was the ability to read minds. He was in trouble if she wanted to read his mind - it was rampant with filthy thoughts as he stared at her.

She stood and brushed her hair from her face, full red lips parting slightly to reveal a flash of white smile. Had she seen him?

She leant down to the bound victim, whispered something, then prowled out of the room.

The Captain moved cautiously around the outside of the bungalow and hesitated at the kitchen door. Could he apprehend this villain on his own? Should he call in for support? There was movement within the room. She was in the kitchen, a scratching sound -- as if she were writing. He decided to act and tread quietly into the room. 

The kitchen was large with a solid oak table at the far end. Tinxarella was stood at the table, bent over at the waist, writing a note. He moved silently closer.

He was close enough to touch her. Her scent was intoxicating, and she moved her hips slightly, swaying side to side. Her tight skirt rose up her thighs and he glimpsed the soft curve of her butt cheeks beneath the hem. Her rhythmic movements were hypnotic -- alluring -- almost as if she were presenting herself like some craven beast.

She was moving exactly how he would have liked her too. Her hips wriggling, her body writhing like a snake, her luscious brown hair trailing down her neck like a slow flow of treacle. 

He couldn't resist her. He had to have her, he had to relieve himself of this tormentous feeling growing hot within him. He reached out and grabbed her hips, grinding himself against her.

'Yessssss . . .' Tinxarella said, and she yelled in delight as she pushed her ass into the Superhero, arching her back and reaching her arms around to claw at his hair.

Captain Cock was lost to lust. The red mist descended and he couldn't control himself. He slid his hands up Tinxarella's hips pulled her into an embrace. He wrapped her up in his muscular arms, reaching up over the drawstrings of her leather basque and pulled down hard.

The basque ripped off and her breasts bounced free. He bit at the top of her bare shoulder and cupped her weighty breasts in both hands, his palms squeezing her tits hard as his fingers grazed roughly over her nipples.

Tinxarella smiled as she read the Captains thoughts. This dirty little fucker is going to rut me like an animal, she thought, so let's see how he got his name . . .

She turned around and forced him back, pushing his shoulders so he stood up straight. She knelt down in front of him, dragging her nails down his chest and to the enormous bulge in his spandex pants. He bucked involuntarily as she traced a finger along the length of his member. It was huge, and she playfully bit the middle of the meat.

Tinxarella pulled Captain Cock's pants down over his hips, catching the straining member in the process. She tugged harder and the erection sprang free, bobbing around before her eyes.

'Hmm,' she purred, 'Captain Cock indeed!'

Tinxarella grasped the base of the cock and slipped her lips over the head. She slowly slid her mouth down the length of the smooth shaft, reaching half way before slowly, teasingly, rising to the swollen tip. She began to move up and down on him, slowly, running her tongue along the shaft and sucking on him in alternate strokes. Her free hand caressed his balls, nails gently scraping at his sack as she measured the size of him.

Captain Cock grabbed the back of her head and held her in place as he thrust his hips forward. She grabbed his ass cheeks as he continued to fuck her mouth, feeling the meaty rod graze past her lips and teeth. His movements quickened, his fists curling tight in her hair. She looked up at him, not needing her mind reading ability to know what was about to happen.

He started moaning and lurched forward almost knocking her back. She gripped him firmly to steady herself, while she felt the first gush of semen spurt into her mouth. The Captain continued to thrust, and her eyes grew wide at the volume of cum spurting down her throat and into her mouth. It dribbled between her lips and ran down her chin. She moved with the jerks as she sucked the white hot liquid down, then pushed him away and grasped his cock, wanking the remaining jism over her face and exposed tits.

'Oh. My. God.' Captain Cock uttered, steadying himself against the kitchen wall.

'Well, you dumb ox,' Tinxarella said. 'You gonna stand there panting or are you going to return the favour?'

Captain Cock grinned at her evilly. He swept one powerful arm over the table, clearing the surface, and lifted Tinxarella up, her booted legs splayed open in a perfect V.

'OH GOD!' Tinxarella cried out as Captain Cock ripped her skirt off and tore her flimsy panties away. He leaned closer and licked his tongue along the length of her pussy. She sighed at the red hot touch of his tongue, and as he continued, she quivered and moaned, her breasts jiggling as she grabbed onto his perfect blonde locks, pulling him further into her.

Ever the heroic champion, Captain Cock slurped and sucked, nibbled and nuzzled, bringing Tinxarella to orgasm after crashing orgasm. She rode his face like an experienced cowgirl, hips bouncing up and down as she screamed her ecstacy.

Finally the Captain pulled away, and Tinxarella flopped back, her hands falling to either side of her head, her brown curls tousled and spread over the table.

'That will do for starters,' Tinxarella sighed, 'Now - - I want you to . . .'

'Shut up, you slut.' The Captain countered, his deep bass voice sending a pleasurable shiver up her spine. She could almost feel the vibrations of his voice between her spread thighs.

'What did you just say?' Tinxarella half rose, then looked down her sweat laced body and gasped.

Captain Cock stood naked before her. His body was perfectly proportioned, pecs flexing and stomach a chiselled sixpack ... but the appendage that swung between his legs seemed to have grown three times the size.

'What the fuck are you going to do with that?' Tinxarella had barely asked the question when the Captain leapt on her and thrust his gargantuan cock deep inside her wet pussy.

She screamed -- half in pain and half in pleasure, as the massive cock stretched her wide then plunged forward, filling her completely.

'I thought you could read minds' the Captain snarled as he placed one hand on the table and gripped her hair with the other. 'Didn't you know my secret power?'

Tinxarella opened her mouth to reply but could only bite down on her lip and moan as the Superhero on top of her thrust again. And again.

Beginning a steady tempo, Captain Cock pumped in and out of Tinxarella with lusty fervor, tossing her legs over his muscular shoulders and bending her in half as entered her, grinding his hips against hers and rubbing his pubis against her clit.

Tinxarella grasped the table, moaning wildly and clamping her legs tight around his neck. She arched her back, the waves of an intense orgasm beginning to build.

'OOOOOOHHHHH GOOOOD I"M CUMMING AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!' she screamed, her nails scratched at his immaculate shoulders and chest. Captain Cock's back muscles rippled as he slowed his strokes, going deeper and rubbing against her with a circular motion as he rode out her shuddering orgasm.

Tinxarella felt the Captain tense and she hissed in anticipation. She stared into his eyes and clawed at his shoulders, willing him to cum. Finally after driving in hard for what seemed an eternity, beads of sweat dropping from his face, Captain Cock let out a deep animal growl, "Arrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhgggg."

He withdrew his massive cock as it jerked violently up in the air, sperm shooting out like a geyser towards Tinxarella's head. Ribbon after ribbon of thick, white cum landed in her hair and on her face and breasts, running down her body in small lines.

Tinxarella lay on the table, panting, her face flushed and a-glow. She slowly rubbed the sticky liquid into her skin, slipping a wet finger into her mouth to taste the salty cum.

'They say I'm hung like a horse.' Captain Cock said proudly, weighing his semi flaccid member in one hand.

'I would say that horses are hung like you!' Tinxarella grinned and winked one cum-laden eyelash.