 In the year 2217, almost every task that was once performed by humans has been automated, now no one works. Everyone lives a life of leisure, and just order the machines around. There are regular flights to Alpha Centauri B by the wealthy, and time travel is a favorite vacation form of entertainment for everyone else.

Due to medical advances there are now four categories of people, male, female, intersex, and furry.

Tests have been developed to identify the unborn whose sex will not match their gender; they are then given drugs while they are still in the womb that alters their DNA, and changes their gender to intersex. They can usually pass for male or female. All of them have breasts, a cock, and a pussy. Men's balls are internal same as a woman's uterus.

There are also tests that identify those who would become a furry, and drugs are given to them in the womb that changes their DNA so they become human-animal hybrid, with a bonus ability to shape shift to human. 

~~~

"I'm rifling through bins of bras trying to find my size in the color I want," I said to my buddy Kitsune, who happens to be a fox girl. 

We were communicating through our mental link. I was shopping in old town Atlanta at Atlantic Station. Kit was south of old town near the Transport Portal Terminal, which used to be Hartsfield-Jackson Airport when airplanes were still used "You know we could always go shopping in Buckhead. The lingerie boutiques there have everything," said Kit absentmindedly. 

"I hate going there by myself," I said, with a shake of my head. "There are too many people shopping up there."

"OK sweetie. I will go with you and help you find something cute," she said, taking a comforting tone.

"Thank you baby, I love you," I said, sending her a smile through our link. "Meet me at Five Points Station. I'm walking to the tube station now."

"OK, give me a second to pay for my stuff, and I will get on the tube too," said Kit. "Who are you getting this for anyway?"

"It's for a dominant cat tail girl I just met. She told me to surprise her, and wear something sexy." I said with a happy smirk. "She's no one you know, but I hear she has the hottest pussy around, ha ha ha. By the way, I'm on the tube now; I'll see you in a couple minutes."

Kit closed her eyes and took a deep breath before she spoke, saying, "Obviously you intersex men didn't get any of our female sensibilities."

"Ha ha, I get to talk like a caveman as long as I have a cock no matter how small it is," I retort.

"Intersex women have a cock too," said Kit, clearly not on board with my logic. "Seriously though, why are you chasing after cat tail kitty? I'm hopping on the tube now, see ya in a minute."

"I already told you," I said, and then I giggled.

She sighed dismissively, and said, "It's just that I thought you were strictly a fox kind of guy."

"You don't know everything about me," I laughed. Then I gave her a cheeky grin.

~~~

I stepped off the tube in the Five Points Tube Station in old town Atlanta, and head toward Kit's tube when suddenly there was a 'POOF,' and this guy appears in front of me, looking around wide eyed." Somehow I avoided tripping over him.

Kit saw the man appear out of thin air, and quickly ran over to where we were standing. She had a startled expression on her face as well. "Earth to Kitsune," I say. "Close your mouth girl, before a bug flies into it. Try to compose yourself, please." 

Then I hear her in my head. "Is that creature a man from the past," she asked, looking absolutely befuddled. "They look a lot different than men do now don't they?"

"Yeah, that's what they looked like in the travel brochures I've seen," I responded.

He was a dark skinned guy, in our time most people are a shade of bronze. Anyways, he was cute, with a nice smile, a deep voice, and he was bigger than males are in our time.

"Hi, I'm Gerald," he said, looking around at the throngs of people scurrying about. Where the hell am I?"

After Kit kicked me, I said, "Hi, I'm Nahaul, this is my friend Kitsune, you're in the Five Points Tube Station in old town Atlanta."

"What, old town Atlanta, what are you talking about, and why is everybody dressed like that?" asked Gerald, clearly approaching panic mode.

"Calm down," I said, grasping his forearm with my hand. "You're here by accident."

"I'm where by accident?" asked Gerald, moving ever closer to being terrified.

"You're in the future," I said, biting my bottom lip.

"You're shittin me," said Gerald, now he's about to lose it.

"Where were you just before you were here?" I asked.

"I was in the Five Points Marta Station, just about to step onto the train," he said.

"Um, what year were you in?" I asked, now bracing myself for what I knew was coming.

"2017, why?" responded Gerald, now with a look on his face that said 'I don't like where this is going.'

"Do you believe in time travel?" I asked, with a questioning expression on my face.

"Yeah, in the movies, or on TV," he said, now stone faced.

"What if I told you that you are now in the year 2217?" I asked clenching my teeth. This entire time Kit hadn't said a word.

"I'd say no fucking way," said Gerald, cocking his head to the side, looking straight into my eyes.

"Well that's where you are, believe it or not," I said matter of factly. "How else do you explain this?" I gesture with my left hand and them with my right to indicate where we're standing.

Suddenly he looked bewildered.

"But don't worry, we can fix it. Time travel is a routine thing for us. I'm sure some worker at the transport terminal pressed a button to return someone from a trip back to 2017 at the exact time you were in the same coordinates as that person.

"The transport worker was careless, they are supposed to make sure no one is in the cone around the coordinates when they push the button," I explained. "You can be sent back, that's the good news."

"OK, I'm feeling you on that, but you're implying that there is some bad news," he said skeptically.

"No, it's not bad news per se, It's just that, the time, space continuum thingy might not permit a transfer back to 2017 for another week, so you could be stuck here for a few days, that's all," I said, with a reassuring smile.

"C'mon with me and Kit, we'll take you to a transport office to work things out. I'm sure they will pay for your hotel until you can be sent back to 2017. Once that's sorted, you're welcome to hang out with me and Kit."

No sooner than the words were out of my mouth, Kit kicked me again. I said, "Ouch, that hurt," then I glared at Kit with mock anger.

"You mean I'm stuck here for a week? Is there a Cop somewhere I can talk to" Gerald asked, his panic returning.

I gave up trying to handle the situation, and said, "C'mon, let's catch the tube to the Hartsfield-Jackson Transport Portal Terminal. You can talk with somebody there who can explain it all.

"Kit I will catch-up with you later." Then I gave her a goodbye kiss.

~~~

Moments later we stepped off the tube in the huge Transport Portal Terminal. "We need to go to the customer service office for 'Time Transport," I said, leading the way.

When we went into the office, there was a surprisingly large number of people crowded into the smallish office, seems the people working the transporters today had a bad shift. I looked into the pupil scanner to be assigned a number, and then we stepped outside the crowded office to wait Gerald's turn to be served.

~

Suddenly Gerald seemed to lose it. "Oh hell naw, I've got to be dreaming, I need to wake my ass up, WAKE UP," he screamed.

"Shhhh, people are looking at us," I said, trying to get him to calm down. "I will try to explain everything as best as I can. A lot has happened the last 200 years.

"I tell you what, once we get your situation sorted in there, 'I gestured to the Time Portal customer service' we can look at a viewing portal. You can put any date range or keyword for a significant event into it, and it will show you what was going on at that time."

Gerald was agitated, and I suppose I can understand that he was too upset to read literature from the travel bureau. He insisted that I tell him enough to make him understand.

I don't know how many times he said what the fuck over the next few minutes, and I was only telling him the little bit of history that I know. "Gerald" I said, "To put it simply, all of the technological and scientific dreams and fantasies, and some of the worrying things that existed in 2017 have happened. We don't die from the diseases that people died from in the past. Unfortunately there are new diseases though, so we still can't live forever. You have already seen some examples of our technology; it took us a minute to travel from Five Points to Hartsfield-Jackson. Vehicles still exist, but only the less well-off own them. Most of us only work one day per week, workaholics work two or three days." 

"There are regular flights to other planets, and of course we are able to travel through time."

"Um, as you have seen, most of us have the same skin tone now, and that's a good thing, right. On the other hand, there are more types of people. In addition to male and female, we now have intersex and furries. Even though I look like a genetic female, I have 'XYZ' chromosomes," I said, as I watched his swing of emotions.

When I said that, the look on Gerald's face was priceless. "What did you say?" he asked, sounding and looking incredulous.

"I am intersex, that means that I have breasts, a cock and a pussy, so does Kit but she only has 'XXZ' chromosomes, she is also a furry though,'" I said as plainly as possible.

This time Gerald raised both hands in the air, and raised his voice excitedly, looking at me, stuttering he said, "What did you just say, you have a "Y' chromosome, and you have a, a, a, penis and a vagina?"

"Yeah, and Kit is a furry," I said with a giggle.

'Hold on, the clerk just called me, Gerald you're next, let's go back inside.

~

A half hour later Gerald's dilemma was resolved, with one minor detail. Conditions would be right for him to return in about three hours, but the time that he has spent in 2217, would be lost forever when he returns to 2017. If he wants to return to 2017 at the exact time he left, he will have to wait until the proper time to be transported, which will be seven days from today.

Gerald looked relieved, for the first time since I almost ran him over, but he also looked disappointed.

"If you want to hang here for a few days, I could show you around, show you what Atlanta looks like now," I offered.

"The tube is here, c'mon, I was on my way to Buckhead to shop when I bumped into you. You have money now, we can check you into the Hyatt or the W, and buy you some clothes. Then we can explore," I was trying to use my womanly charm, to convince him to stay.

~

Once Gerald got past the initial shock of being in his situation, and had received an explanation and assurances that he would be OK, he was able to relax a little. But learning that these two gorgeous creatures, whatever they happened to be, weren't women had hit him like a punch to his liver.

"Dag," he thought to himself. "Lord have mercy, that fucking Nahaul is so fine, with her long jet black hair, and that body of hers is banging! 

"Kitsume or Kitsune, whatever her name is, looks like a model. She's a slim goody, with her long neck self. There's something about her face that gives her an exotic look, her face kind of has a hint of animal, with her long ass nose."

"But goddamn, they got a dick. But as Gerald sat beside the beautiful woman, he started to feel that old familiar sensation in his groin that signaled the beginning of his arousal. Soon his cock would be hard and attempting to take over his thinking?

~

Gerald's train of thought was broken, when he heard Nahaul say, "This is our stop."

"Wow, we're here already," he thought. "We were on the train for only a couple of minutes."

~

"Let's go shopping and then grab a bite to eat," I said to Gerald and to Kit, who was waiting for us as we exited the tube. 

~

Gerald's little head got his attention again saying to him, "G-man, I love these 23rd Century clothes, they fit these women like a second layer of skin, you can't see through them, but you could see everything that's underneath them," 

Gerald's dick was right, Kitsune and Nahaul as well as everyone else he saw were practically naked. The funny thing was, he couldn't see a dick print on either one of them.

The next couple of hours flew by. We took Gerald to see how much of old town Atlanta he recognized from 2017. "As the city grew, the planners were smart," I said. "They decided to preserve the original structures for as long as they stand, meanwhile the city now stretches from what was once Macon to Chattanooga, but you can get from one end of the city to the other on the tubes in a half hour."

Meanwhile, kit and I were talking mentally about what it would be like to be fucked by this ebony man.

~

Three hours passed all too soon, and Gerald wanted to go back to his Time Transport Portal. As tempting as I tried to make it for him to stay, he could not be convinced.

It would soon be time for him to return to 2017. The three of us were sitting in the waiting area of his transport portal, until his time-slot scrolled across the marquee, when I blurted out, "Gerald, can I come visit you?"

~

Both Kit and Gerald looked at me, with surprised expressions on each of their faces. Gerald was speechless for a very long moment as he hurriedly processed the last few hours, and hoped that he would wake up soon, so that he wouldn't have to give her an answer.

It wasn't bad enough that he seemed to actually be somewhere other than 2017 Atlanta, now he had a woman asking to come visit him. And if all of that wasn't enough, she was a woman who was also a man. Gerald, laughed to himself, and thought, "Who am I, Captain Kirk in this mutherfucker? He used to fuck women from every planet they visited, back in Star Trek days."

Then he thought about his predicament another way, "These two people helped me when I had no clue what to do. They are fine as hell. They have the ability to travel back in time, who knows what other powers they have, so it probably doesn't matter whether I say yes or no."

"Sure Nahaul, why not?" responded Gerald.

~

I was so excited I'd already wrapped my arms around his neck before he finished saying yes, since I had been reading his mind all along.

"Gerald, it's time," Said Kit gently tugging on his arm.

He stood, and then Kit and I stood. He hugged Kit, and then turned to hug me, whispering thank you in my ear. I whispered in his ear, "I'll see you soon, at Starbucks in Buckhead." Then I handed him a time travel brochure on DVD, which contained the important events that have occurred over the last 200 years. I will get it back from you when I return to 2017.

He stared at me blankly for a moment, and then mouthed, "OK.'

The attendant showed him where to stand, and then asked him to verify the location and time-slot he wanted to return to, when he did, the Puma furry pressed the send button, and he was gone.

I looked at the Puma girl for a moment, and hoped Gerald made it back to 2017 Atlanta.

~~~

"Kit, there's a lot of red-tape to deal with, depending on the time period someone wants to visit, but I think it might be worth it," I said as we stood there looking at the empty transport portal.

"If you're talking about going back more than 150 years, we're going to stick out like a sore thumb," said Kit, suddenly seeming interested.

"Who said anything about 'we'?" I laughed.

Kit grimaced and said, "I don't even know why I put up with you as my friend sometimes."

"Funny, I feel the same way about you too," I said, laughing, and then I explained my plans to her. 

~

"Kit, I want to a travel to the early 21st century to see Gerald. That's the time period I want to visit," I said to her. 

"You know we can pass as females. With our altered DNA, we can't get pregnant or catch any disease that existed in that time."

"Sounds like a plan, what could go wrong?" she asked, obviously joking. I think.

"If something goes wrong, in the worst case we just have to stay alive for seven days, and we vanish." I said, not really wanting to think about that.

~~~

Two weeks later, we'd finally gotten our passports stamped for time travel, and we were at the Time Transport Portal. We bought some clothes that looked like the fashion of that time. And we purchased some cash from that time period as well from one of the businesses in the Transport Terminal that caters to time travel. You can buy anything you need to make yourself fit into the period you travel to.

Kitsune was dressed in a very androgynous looking outfit, and I had on jeans that hugged my hips and a baby doll top with an animal print. "How do I look," I asked Kit.

"Straight out of 2017," she smiled.

A very bored looking clerk who wasn't sporting a tail that day reviewed our itinerary, as well as the do's and don'ts while we're in 2017. 

To my surprise, we were given the name of a lawyer to ask for if we got into legal trouble. 

We were bearly paying attention, because we were trying to decide if the clerk was a guy or a girl, such is life in 2217.

~~~

A few minutes later POOF.

Then I hear her in my head. "Does our bond still work? Can you hear me," asks Kitsune through our mental connection.

"Yep, I hear you," I replied while scanning the throng of men and women scurrying about. "This scene looks familiar doesn't it?"

"It sure does. Why don't all the men look like Gerald?" she asked, looking around and laughing.

"I wish," I responded, while also laughing. "C'mon, we've got a train to catch to Buckhead."

Once we were seated on the train, it seemed to be moving at a snail's pace. But Kit was giddy. "Nahaul, check it out, look at all the trees, they're so tall, with lots of pretty green leaves, and they're everywhere," she said, excitedly. 

"I see that. Based on the history sites I browsed on the Solar System Wide Web, Atlanta was famous for having lots of trees in the city. You might want to try that reading and thinking thing," I kidded her, but I was serious.

When we arrived at the hotel and checked into our room, we had an opportunity to talk with our second male from 2017. "His voice was so deep, and gosh do their faces look different, and they have hair growing everywhere," I said to Kit, mentally.

When we got to our room and looked out of our window at the part of the city we could see, we were amazed at how big it was. This place went on as far as the eye could see, even in 2017.

~

We'd planned to do normal tourist things, as well as sample the party scene in this ancient time. But that was for later; right now I had other things in mind. "OK," I said. "First thing I want to do is find Gerald.

"According to the brochure, most people work on Monday, so I'm not sure we will find him today," I wasn't hopeful at the moment.

"Look down there," said Kitsune breathlessly. "It's a Starbucks; that's where he's going to be."

I looked at her for a moment; the bitch had been listening to my thoughts when I whispered in Gerald's ear. I glared at her, and then said, "Sure why not? Let's go order an iced something or other."

~

The coffee shop was in a busy area; we sat and did some people watching after we paid for our drinks. It was fascinating to listen to the women chatting the way women do, but what really made me smile was the way the men looked at us. The younger looking man behind the counter called us ma'am, and I giggled. He had no clue if we were any different from everyone else.

~

I tried to reach out and feel Gerald mentally, but I couldn't, so Kit and I browsed the area. Many men smiled at us and said hello, and they always opened doors for us to walk through. That was nice, and very different from what we're used to.
