 Marvin did not feel well as he stepped down from the time travel capsule. There was something wrong with his vision. Everyone was naked for one thing and there were too many colors. The woman bent over to pick up a dropped paper was a royal blue for god's sakes. Even her asshole and pussy were blue.

The man standing next to her was sea green. The young lady answering the phone was a beautiful teal blue. Marvin rubbed his eyes but it did not help. He shook his head but that just made him dizzy.

He leaned over, looked at the bank of clocks on the far wall of the time capsule, and realized his mistake. It read 2225 not the 2025 that he had intended. He had gone two hundred years farther than he had ever meant to go. Thirty years was one thing but two hundred and thirty was something else altogether.

Thirty years would have put him beyond all statues of limitations and made him a free man. Two hundred and thirty years was a nightmare with no way back. Time travel was a one shot, one-way deal.

"May I help you sir?" A soft female voice asked from his left.

He turned toward the voice and was eyeball to tits with a very tall beautiful rose red woman. "I.... Uh... I," he stammered as his eyes feasted on the delicate rose shades of her perky little breasts.

"Who are you?" The sea green man asked. "And what the heck is that thing doing in my office?"

"A better question is how did he get that thing in here." The royal blue lady said.

Marvin had hoped to slip away quietly once he had negotiated time but it was not working out that way. His clothes were a dead give away, as was his natural skin color. What should he do now, he wondered as he realized that everyone was staring at him.

"Why is he that color and why is he wearing clothes in public?" Someone else asked.

"Pervert!" Someone yelled from the back of the growing crowd.

"Hey now, there is no call for that," Marvin said as he backed up to the door of the time capsule. "I'm kind of new around here and I don't know the customs."

"How odd," the rose colored lady said.

"Isn't it just?" The blue lady agreed.

"Someone call the protectors," the green man said loudly.

"Protectors? Who are the protectors?" Marvin asked even though he figured they were the cops of this time and place.

"They are the ones that protect and serve of course." The rose lady told him with a confused look on her face. "Everyone knows that."

"Yeah, right. Only I know them by another name." Marvin replied as he turned and picked up his set of semi-automatic pistols. 

If he was going to have a run in with the cops, he was going to be prepared. He slipped a gun in each side of the waistband of his trousers and pulled his coat closed over them. Naked cops should not be much of a problem, he thought with a wolfish grin.

"Is there a problem here?" A deep voice asked from the far end of the room.

Marvin turned still grinning. His eyes searched the far end of the room for a second and then the grin disappeared as his mouth dropped open. What the fuck, was all his mind could say, as he took in the metal giant looming over everyone.

"Yes! We have a strange person here that doesn't belong," the sea green man said as the protector advanced.

"Please clear the room, danger is imminent!" The metal monster said as Marvin grabbed the rose colored lady and held her nude body in front of him.

Marvin had not drawn either of his guns yet; he was waiting to see what the robot would do next. He did not like violence, especially violence involving women but he did not seem to have any choice.

The protector held his ground until the room cleared. Once the last person was out of sight he seemed to slump a bit. Marvin was studying the machine trying to see if any weapons were evident. He could distinguish none.

Time seemed to drag by. Ten minutes and then twenty went by with nothing from the protector. Marvin was worried about more of them arriving. Something had to give here. He needed to get clear of this machine and this building. 

He had to make an escape. He had not come all this way or rather across this much time to be back where he had been in the first place. The burglary of the science building had been stupid but at the same time, it would have been very fruitful if he had pulled it off.

Someone had left a personal alarm in the main lab that was not connected to the main alarm. He had set the thing off without knowing it. The cops had surrounded him until he found the time capsule.

He had seen some video of the thing on the news. He stalled the cops with several well-placed shots and a threat to burn the lab down while he tried to figure out how to make it work. Powering it up was the hardest part.

After that, he had just set the clocks and pushed the start button. The clocks were his downfall. There were four of them and he had made a mistake. Now he was right back where he started, in trouble with the law.

Marvin eased to his right pulling the hapless woman along in front of him toward an open glass door. He had only made a step or two when the door closed and he heard the snick of a lock. He looked around recklessly. There were no other doors except the one behind the protector.

He thought frantically trying to formulate a plan. There were only two options. One was past the protector and the other was back into the capsule. It would not go anywhere but it had a strong door and he had a hostage. If nothing else, she had information and information was priceless, at the moment.

The protector was still slightly slumped and that bugged Marvin. He could not understand why the cop was not talking to him. The robot should have been trying to get him to release the woman. Again he wondered if the thing was waiting for reinforcements or maybe even orders. 

Marvin backed toward the capsule door. It was a dead end he knew but somehow it felt better than trying to get past the metal monster. The protector had done nothing too or about Marvin but that only made the thing scarier in his mind.

The woman did not resist as Marvin pulled her into the capsule and shut the door. In fact, she had not resisted at anytime and had not spoken a word or made a sound. Now that he had a second to think about it, it was strange.

"What's wrong with you?" He asked the woman as he released her.

She stood where he left her and seemed to be in some kind of trance or mentally shutdown state. Marvin walked around the woman looking at her from all sides. She was beautiful even if she was a strange color. 

Small cone shaped breasts, narrow hips, and a tiny waist. Her sex was hairless and she had a fabulous heart shaped ass. Long legs and narrow long feet added to her beauty. 

Marvin gave a shiver as he pictured her long tall lanky body in a soft bed with him. He had always loved tall lanky women. They were so flexible and seemed to fit with his short wiriness. The positions they could get in.

"Hello! Anybody home?" He asked as he waved a hand in front of her face. There was no reaction.

With a smirk, he reached up and pinched her right nipple. There was no reaction. He pinched the other nipple with the same result or lack there of. No one was home, seemed to be the answer to his question. So much for information from her, he thought as he sat down in the only seat.

Well maybe not, he now knew that she was not painted as he had first assumed. The color was in and not on her skin. How had people gotten to be all colors? Pink, brown, red, yellow, black, white, those he could understand. This rose color he could go with maybe, but sea green and royal blue.

"I sure could use some information here," he said to the woman. 

"How can I be of help?" She asked in reply but the voice was not the same as it had been earlier. It was deeper and had the same inflection as the protector.

"Uh.... What's your name?" Marvin asked hoping he was wrong about the voice.

"I'm sergeant 124 at your service." Came the reply.

"You're the protector right?" Marvin asked with a groaning sound in his voice.

"I have control of this body, yes."

"Uh, yeah, ok. Exactly what does that mean?" Marvin asked as a cold chill ran up and down his spine. A cop that could control another body, why didn't he just take me over, Marvin wondered. Maybe he needed to be invited in or something.

"It means I have moved Miss Young's memories, personality, and sample DNA to a safe place. I protect and serve." 

"Interesting," Marvin whispered to himself.

"I'm glad you think so sir, I find it a little bothersome that I had to do it. Miss Young is being deprived of her rights as we speak." The protector replied. "You really didn't need to take her hostage you know."

"No, I didn't know. I'm new here and you scared the hell out of me," Marvin said.

"New? I do not understand how anyone can be new to a world they have lived in for what appears to be thirty-eight years if I read you right. In addition, why would hell be in you in the first place?

This thing knew how old he was somehow, a scan of some sort maybe. Calling it a thing, with the lovely rose lady standing in front of him, seemed oddly distracting. But then again she really was not home at the present time it seemed.

"I've lived that long alright but not here," Marvin told the protector. 

"There is nowhere else to live, sir. That is unless you are an alien from another world and from my medical scans; you seem to be human enough. I'm accrediting the chemical imbalances in your brain to stress, of course." The protector replied.

"Not another world, another time." Marvin corrected.

"Sir, time travel is not possible." 

"Maybe not now but it was at one time in the past." 

"I see," the protector said after a long pause. "Then you must be the Marvin Hicks of the twenty first century."

"Uh yeah, that's me," Marvin said and then sighed. "Why can't you people just let me alone. I screwed up, I know but now, I'm way out of my league. All I wanted is a fresh start."

"I will have your trial date information in a moment."

"Trial date? What the hell can you charge me with? There's a statue of limitations on burglary for god's sake," Marvin said as he rubbed his eyes and slumped in the chair.

"You were made a precedence case since you used time to escape. A trial was started in your absence, and then put on hold until you were captured in the future. There can be no limitation put on a pending trail or the case before it."

"What! What kind of legal mumbo jumbo is that?" Marvin asked standing up quickly.

"Mumbo jumbo I don't understand sir but I assure you it is legal in all three countries of the world." 

"Three countries of the world? What the heck happened to the rest of them?" Marvin asked.

"They were consolidated, sir, into the East, the West, and of course China." The protector told him.

"Uh.... Where are we?"

"The West, sir.

"So now what?" Marvin asked as he shook his head slowly.

"You give yourself up and surrender your firearms of course. That is the only sane thing to do."

Marvin chuckled. "Sane? Who told you I was sane? I've been crazy and wild all my life."

"We can now repair that, sir." The rose woman/protector replied.

"What if I don't want to be repaired? What if I like being crazy, that it's normal for me."

"Crazy is not normal, sir," the protector replied. "Crazy is a medical problem that can be resolved."

"I don't want to be resolved, I want to be left alone!" Marvin said hastily and harshly. 

"After your trial this will be considered," the protector said. "Please surrender your weapons and open the door. You will not be harmed in any way, you have my word on that."

"The word of a metal monster, what's that worth?"

"I am as human as you are. I wear the body of a protector proudly and my word is my bond. I speak for the law and the law speaks for the people." The protector told him.

"The law, now there is a joke. The man with the money can walk on anything, but a poor slob like me is fucked from the word go." 

"Times have changed, sir. The law can no longer be bought or sold with anything but the truth and justice."

"Justice? Whose justice would that be? The justice that made my mother a drug addict and my old man a murderer. Or the justice that never let me catch a break in my life. How about the justice of my being on my own and on the streets since I was a little kid. Show me the justice in all that."

"Like I said, times have changed, sir. There are no more drug addicts, no more murder, no more homeless or forgotten. Everyone has their place in this world and their freedom to do with it as they please."

"Yeah, right!" Marvin said sarcastically. "And pigs can fly."

"Uh, no sir, pigs never could fly, nor can they now," the protector stated in a deadpan voice.

"A figure of speech, you dumb ass," Marvin shot back at him with a shake of his head. 

It was hard for Marvin to think of a him when the beautiful rose colored lady stood there naked in all her glory. Then a question from earlier came back. This time he asked, "Since you can control this young lady, why don't you just control me?"

"You are in human form," came the reply.

"Uh, say what? If she ain't human, then what is she?"

"What you are seeing is Miss Young's clone body. Her street/work/out of the home, body. Her real body is much too fragile and precious to be allowed out in public. Accidents do happen."

"So, if this ain't her real body, how can I be depriving her of anything?"

"You are interrupting her work schedule and routine. She will not lose pay because your abduction of her is beyond her control but she is left with nothing to do as long as you have her clone," the protector explained.

"Why doesn't she just use another clone?" Marvin asked quickly.

"People only get one clone at a time and they are only replaced when severely damaged."

"And you people call me crazy. You run around in robots and are too scared to get out in the real world. Talk about your nut cases."

"Sir, clones are not robots. They are exact replicates of the owner's real body right down to the genetic code. In fact, they are made using the owners DNA."

"Then why is she rose colored and don't tell me she's that color in person," Marvin said hotly as his temper flared.

"No, sir, the color you see is a color she likes and it reflects the personality she has chosen to display."

Marvin sighed and shook his head. "Like I said, you people are the crazy ones."

"This is the sanest time in the history of mankind. There is no war, no hunger, no crime to speak of," the protector said slowly.

"Then why are you a cop? No crime would mean no cops."

"Any crime today is accidental in nature and not premeditated as it was in your time. Protectors are more arbitrators and investigators than what you knew as cops or policemen. We also help in emergencies and accidents."

"Which am I, an accident or an emergency?" Marvin asked sarcastically.

"Neither, sir. You are an anomaly."

Marvin laughed and shook his head. "The best laid plans of mice and men always seem to go awry," he whispered.

"Yes sir, and that is why we are here," the protector said. "Now, if you will open the door, release Miss young, and surrender your weapons, we can let the rest of the people here get back to their lives."

Marvin slumped in the chair and sighed deeply. "I can't win for losing," he whispered and then asked, "How are the jails here?"

"There are no jails, sir."

"Then where are you going to lock me up," Marvin asked in confusion.

"You will not be locked up. You will accompany me to protector headquarters, some paperwork will be filled out, and your trial will begin shortly there after. After the trial the sentence will be carried out and then you are a free man."

"A free man? A free man with a tinkered with brain, you mean. That's not free, that's.... I really don't have a word for it."

"Repaired and normal," the protector offered.

"Like I said before, normal for who? Normal for you or normal for me? I don't want to be you, I want to be me."

There was a long pause and then the protector said, "I think something can be arranged but you need to come out."

"What kind of something?" Marvin asked quickly. The first ray of hope shining dimly.

"I am working on that as we speak," the protector said. "A sanctuary for you. Your own space, so to speak.

"Now we're talking," Marvin said with a grin.

"We have been talking, sir."

Marvin shook his head and rolled his eyes. "Again, a figure of speech."

"Yes sir, if you say so sir. Now will you open the door?"

Marvin got up and walked over to the rose colored lady. "Do you just control this body or do you feel what it feels?"

"I just control it sir."

Marvin reached up and put a hand on each shoulder of the rose colored body. His hands caressed their way down her arms and then back up to the shoulders. "She has a fine body here," he said softly.

"It is one of the best we can make at this time," the protector replied.

Marvin moved his hands down to cup and then gently squeeze the small breasts in front of him. He leaned forward and licked one nipple and then the other. He sucked on one nipple and then released it. He sighed and shook his head. "It would be much better if she could feel that and react to it."

As a thought crossed his mind, Marvin asked, "If people stay in the privacy of there homes, what do they do about sex?"

"Sex is for procreation and is limited to only a few to keep population numbers under control," the protector replied. "The low death rate dictates that."

Marvin's eyes narrowed. "No sex ever for most people? Is that what you are saying? If so, then why don't they have sex with the clones or in their clone forms? That's what I would do."

"There is no need for sex," the protector stated flatly.

Marvin laughed and squeezed the rose ladies tits again. He released her breasts, ran his hands over her belly, and then caressed her hips. "Only someone who has never had sex would make such a statement," Marvin whispered as he moved around behind the rose ladies clone body.

"The same chemicals, hormones, and endorphins can be stimulated directly in the brain today," the protector said. "There is no need for sex."

Marvin put his hands on the clone's shoulders again and sighed as he ran his hands up and down her back. "What happened to human contact? For me, there is nothing more wonderful than the feel of a woman's body. Then there is the soft and sometimes not so soft noises she makes as I caress and arouse her."

"Human contact causes conflict," the protector said.

Marvin chuckled as his hands caressed the lovely ass in front of him. "Yes, human contact is what makes humans, human. We are what we are and eventually, there will be disputes as you called them. It's what makes the world go round and how we improve ourselves." 

There was a lag in the conversation again, so Marvin took the time to run a fingertip up and down the cleft of the rose ladies ass. He felt the crinkled ring of her anus and paused the fingertip to tickle and tease it. It felt real enough and felt hot and tight as he probed it gently.

He moved back around in front of the lady and knelt down. His eyes were on level with her sex. He brushed the backs of his fingers over her mound and then did the same to her plump outer lips. There was no sign of inner lips or a clit at the top of her slit. The slit itself was tightly closed.

"Does this thing actually work?" He asked a moment later.

There was no answer for several minutes and then it came, "Yes sir, everything works. It is an exact duplicate of Miss Young down to the finest detail."

"And Miss Young feels everything the clone does?" Marvin asked.

"Yes, sir," came the answer.

Marvin used a fingertip to part the outer lips and ran it up and down in the silky smooth folds covering her slit. He found the bundle of nerves above where her clit should be and moved it back and forth slowly. He really hadn't felt her clit as such.
