 I have always loved the stars. On a clear night, like that night, I can watch the universe in its slow eternal dance. Sometimes, as I sit and watch the light from distant suns, I wonder where she is, how she is doing. I will never know what really happened that night. I will never understand who, or what, she was. I will never see her again I fear, but sometimes it is enough just to remember.

It was here that we met, outside my little house in the hills. I was sitting on my front porch, lost in thought. My hands playing random tunes on my old guitar. I stared out into the night, seeing nothing. At first I didn't even notice the lights.

Hundreds of tiny multicolored lights were flying around my house. Lightning bugs, was my first thought, but the lights were too bright and constant. Bemused, I stopped strumming my guitar. The reaction was instant. The lights darted away from my house in all directions. Within a few seconds, they were all gone.

After a bit of staring around into the night, I convinced myself that I had nodded off and dreamed the lights. I decided that if I were that tired I should hit the sack. Setting my guitar on the dresser, I undressed and got into bed. Before long, I was asleep.

An hour or two later, a sound woke me. It was a strange twanging sound. In the dark I saw a light flying around my guitar. From this close, I could see features inside the white light. It was a tiny naked woman, no bigger than my hand.

She was flying around my guitar, plucking at the strings. It looked like she was trying to figure out how to make it work. Flashing an angry red, she shook her tiny fist at it. When I saw her start kicking it, I decided to intervene.

"Hey now," I said. "Stop that."

Startled, she flew up and hit the ceiling with a thunk. Her light, the only light in the room, went out. I couldn't see what happened, but hitting the ceiling had knocked her unconscious.

I got out of bed and stepped cautiously to the door. Flipping my light on, I saw she had fallen to the floor. I carefully picked her up and took her into the kitchen.

Setting her on the table, I took the chance for a closer inspection. She was a pretty little thing. Flawless white skin covered her tiny naked body. Her ebony hair looked as though it would reach at least to her ankles. On her back, she had wings. They were filmy, delicate looking things, covered in what looked like glitter.

My inspection was interrupted as she opened her eyes. They stared up at me as I loomed over her, and a smile to rival a sunrise spread across her face. Rubbing her head, she giggled. In the kitchen lights her returned aura was barely visible, but it flashed bright green as she laughed.

"Moosic?" she asked. She had a high piping voice, like a flute talking.

"Music?" I replied. "You want music?"

"Yas, moosic."

I started to go get my guitar, then stopped myself. I knew the perfect tune for her, and I needed my piano for that.

Elton John's "Tiny Dancer" just seemed to fit.

She followed me into my living room, zipping around leaving sparkling trails in the air. I decided that her light show was worth playing in the dark.

As I started playing the clear, soft notes of the song, she began to dance. She flew gracefully around the room glowing brightly, her colors changing with the notes. As she danced, she began to sing. She didn't bother with trying to use the words. She wove music with her voice, playing it like an instrument.

Playing and singing it took me a bit to notice that hers was not the only voice. Outside I could see what looked like a thousand balls of light dancing in the air. They flashed with my song and I could hear them singing. It was my own personal choir of angels. They were taking my music and weaving their voices around it, making it something bigger, something perfect.

The glorious music flooded the air. I imagine my closest neighbors, miles away, could hear it. My door opened and the lights came in to dance. 

Abandoning the song, I started to play with the music. I threw in variations on the tune, slowly changing it into another. It was like having a jam session with god. They took anything I threw out and turned it into pure beautiful music.

To this day I don't know how long we went on. Time stretched, allowing me to play for a century that night. I don't know how many songs I sang, or how many tunes I played. All I know is that it was music beyond anything I have ever heard. It was music I hear in the corners of my mind to this day. They call me the most talented musician of the age, but nothing I have ever played even comes close.

Eventually, as all things must, it ended. The lights began to move off into the growing light of dawn. I went outside and called out my thanks to the departing lights. None responded, but I felt that they had enjoyed themselves. I stumbled, exhausted, back into my room. I was asleep before my head hit the pillow.

I slept all day, more than twelve hours. I might have slept on through that night as well, but something woke me.

Opening my eyes, I saw her. She had returned, the same small winged critter that had woke me last night. I am not sure how I knew it was the same one, but I did. Drifting down, she landed on my naked chest. She stared down at me with her hands on her hips. Her wings were spread out behind her, glimmering in her subdued aura. Something compelled me to hold her gaze.

A bright light flared up around us, flashing through many colors. As it faded, I saw that instead of sitting on my chest, she was now straddling it. Looking around, I realized that I was now her size.

"What the hell?"

She only giggled in response.

I was even more surprised when she leaned down and kissed me. She looked innocent, but she kissed like a pro. She fluttered her wings, covering us with glitter. 

She giggled against my mouth and pulled away. I went with her, straight up into the air!

We flew across the room and out the open window. She pulled me up into the night, accelerating at a fantastic pace. The moon shot past. Looking back I saw the earth shrink into a featureless light, then disappear. We flew for what felt like a long time. She showed me the beauty and wonder of the universe. She showed me Saturn's rings close up, how the light sparkled on a million concentric rings. She showed me the molten plains of mercury, an eternal sea of molten beauty. She showed me many things, and then she showed me the most amazing of all. She showed me herself.

We drifted over beautiful craggy surface of earth's moon. She squeezed my hand, so I tore my eyes from the incredible view and looked at her. She kissed me. She moaned softly as my tongue parted her full, pink lips, her hand went through my hair, dragging her nails along my scalp. When we pulled apart, she sighed a musical sigh.

One of her hands was now running down my side, then over my stomach. Her long, slender fingers closed over my cock, squeezing hard. She giggled as she stroked it.

I moved over her body and held my head directly over her. She spread her legs, revealing her opening and its surrounding soft flesh. She cried out as my tongue slipped over, and then into her wet slit. Soon, she was writhing and bucking up toward me like a wild thing, grinding against my mouth and groaning. After what seemed like only a few moments, she screamed out her climax. Her entire body pushed against me. She held the pose a second, unable to move, then collapsed, Limp in my arms.

After a long limp moment, she put one thigh over his waist, hooked her ankles behind me, and aimed my organ toward her ready entrance. She started to move down, the head of my cock pressing into her slowly. She grinned down at me. 

"Moosic," she said.

"Music? No I don't have anything to play music with here."

"No, Moosic!" She repeated, gesturing out at the stars.

Then I heard it.

I have read that the universe follows certain rules. I have read about gravity and orbits, the things that keep the stars on their course. I have even heard it described as a dance. I never expected the dance to have a tune.

It was like all the best symphonies you ever heard played at the same time on all the musical instruments that ever existed. It was beautiful and wonderful, but it was not something I could truly enjoy. It was too complex. It was too big to understand.

I was fully within her now, feeling the warmth and softness of this strange woman down my entire length and the gentle squeezing of her vagina. She saw that I now heard the music. She trapped my gaze and stared into my eyes, using her body to slide my cock slowly in and out of her.

I felt her moving to the rhythm of the music. As she stared into my eyes, I felt her thoughts. She showed me how our lovemaking was a part of the dance of stars and planets. I saw how everything reacted to any little thing we did, and I felt something encouraging us. There we were, Linked mind to mind, making love with the universe. Stars sighed in passion as we kissed. Galaxies spun with the motion of our bodies. The music increased in tempo, and her movements became more hasty, her breathing shallow. She was being more vocal, now, her high-pitched cries coming with each motion. I felt her body convulse in my arms, and she lowered to kiss me. Suns went nova at our climax, the sensations from everything else keeping us in synch. I was barely aware of anything else as she flew us back to my house, and snuggled up against me in the bed.

A short time later I felt her rise and pull away. I turned to look up at her, and saw she was crying. She began singing a song of pure music. It was a song of goodbye. The aching beauty of her voice and the tears streaming on her face told me that she loved me, and would miss me, but she had to leave.

I followed her out and saw her fly into the air. She was soon joined by a bright swarm of lights and her sad song blended with the others to make the perfect symphony I had been a part of before.

The music drifted away as they vanished into the night sky. I stood there, outside my house, staring up into the sky, until dawn took the stars away.

I have loved her ever since. In those two nights I lost the two greatest chances at love I will ever have. The music I play is only a pale shadow of what I heard that night. The women I meet are never a match for the shade of her love. 

Nevertheless, I still have a hope.

That night was more than thirty years ago. I haven't aged a day in that time. Perhaps one day she will return. I will still be here, sitting on my porch, playing my guitar, staring into the night, waiting for light.