 Life is so unfair. And it does not hesitate to remind you of that fact. I certainly did not forget it while walking the sandy streets of the Piercer. But let's not get ahead of ourselves, let me tell you my pre-story first.

First, about myself. I am called Alicia nowadays, I used to have a second name, but that is meaningless now. I am (or at least was) a proud female member of the Saintly race, the leading race of our known world, before my exile. I am said to have a beautiful face, with bright blue eyes, high cheekbones and straight blonde hair, but I was always more proud of my body. I measure my height at 170 cm (~5,6 feet), and sporting an athletic body - I am a fighter, after all, even though I rarely fight nowadays. My chest measures a perky E cup - I used to have a smallish C, but my short trip to Multipede has seen it expanded.

Second, the reason of my exile. You see, the Saintly race is kinda prudish, and by kinda, I mean a lot. Since the gender ratio of the Angelic race is 10 female for every single male, you just cannot help having the hots for the only handsome male you have ever seen more than a couple of seconds. Since boys are so rare, it is a privilege to even see them, much less getting friendly with them. Since every regular girl dreams about bearing a child for the Saintly empire, it is an endless race with the other girls for the prize. 

The fact that the process of babymaking consists sex as well is lost on most of them - not on me, however, and when I was found out giving a blowjob to the only male I have ever known for more than a passing second, I was immediately banished to the land of Judgement at the ripe age of 20 for being "possessed" by an evil lust demon or something.

Not that they weren't at least partially right - I was a hundred times hornier than any other Saintly girl I have known. I was already an addict of masturbation when most girls did not even know what those "devices" between their legs did. I took my fighting training seriously (especially the ones that shape your precious butt muscles) because I knew that I have to be one of the best to be chosen as a potential mother, my only real legal solution to have actual sex. Well, I kinda spoiled that chance for myself by being too lewd, or rather, too careless by getting caught.

That mistake still hurts me, even though 3 years have passed. I used to have a comfortable life, where safety, food and accommodation were a given - those are kinda luxury in the land of the Judgement, you see. Not that I can't stand up for myself, but surviving is much more difficult when you can only rely on yourself. 

One more thing changed - namely, my morals. I was considered a lust-possessed demon in the lands of the Saints, but when I arrived to Conservatory, the city that is closest to the Great Barrier, and is the most prudish out of all the places of the Judgement, I quickly realized that I was like a nun to those people. That changed pretty fast - I lost my vaginal virginity on the third day of my exile, and my anal one was fast to follow.

All of this was a long time ago. During the 3 years of my exile, I have changed a lot, becoming a truly lust-crazed, sex addicted woman. Currently I am earning my keep in the tavern called "to the drunken Gorgon", a watering hole for humanoids and lamias alike in the outskirts of the Piercer. My job usually is to be a waitress, serving drinks all day, being felt up all night, a pretty tame job overall of you consider the loose morals of the place. However, I was not really happy with it - the pay was poor, only barely enough for living, with really long working hours, and barely any time to have any actual sex if you discount being groped.

My boss was Sherry, a bossy and busty lamia girl. She saved me from a personal economic and emotional breakdown, gave me my current job with some minimal payment, and a roof over my head, all I had to do was to be one of her waitress. The job was a-okay for a while, but me being ambitious, I wanted more.

"Hey Sherry..." I asked her after one of my really long work sessions one night "I would really like to be one of the dancers. They work less and earn more, and I am pretty sure I got the moves and the looks for the job. What do you say?"

"Hey Ali" she called back to me. "Come here for a sec." She gave me a tight hug, one that let me feel her huge soft boobs on mine, including her ridiculously big nipple piercings under her tight leather vest. "Your moves are definitely alright, I have seen you dance on a few occasions, and your past as a warrior thought you how to handle your body. On the looks front, however, you definitely need some improvements," she told me while letting me out of her hug, then slithering around me for a bit.

"You are like a diamond in the rough - but a rough diamond at that. We are in the Piercer, and your looks are much too conservative to really make a splash, and I DO like my dancer girls making splashes. Sorry girlie, but you really need to turn it up - my advice is to finally get those juicy nipples pierced, and that's just for a start," she said while pinching the tip of my teats. "Then maybe I will think about it." Oh, you will think about it pretty soon all right, I thought to myself.

At this point, I was completely piercing-free - not even my ears were pierced at that moment. I had an alternative plan to get the dancer job, a body modification that will change my whole life, and also Sherry's opinion of my qualifications as a dancer. The famous all-the-way-through chain, or just simply The Chain.

The Chain was one of the signature body modifications of the Piercer, the home of piercings, because it was so extreme that even here it was pretty rare. Still, both my money situation and my sex life needed a shakeup, and it was supposed to help in both - the fact that I needed to gulp down a freakishly long chain, have it come out of my butt, then unify it with the other end hanging out of my mouth is totally worth it, right? Frankly, the whole process was fairly terrifying, and on top of it, mostly permanent - once connected, the two ends of the Chain did not come apart easily. It was enchanted heavily with magic, which helped your digestive system adjust to the fact that it will share space with a 2,5cm (1 inch) wide chain in its entire future, and also helped the chain withstand the years to come engulfed within a body.

Since "The Chain" was the signature body modification of the city, the major of Piercer city provided the chains themselves for just a token price, and on top of it, you could also design it to your preferred style and size. The most popular style, the same I have preferred, split into 2 parts just as it exited the throat going upwards, came out at the corners of the mouth, went down to the nipples, then finally unified around the navel going downwards to the pubic area. I preferred the chain to go right over my clit and vagina, without piercing anything down there, going right into my anus while remaining taut. This design meant that I had to have my nipples and navel pierced as well to get the rings that will keep the chain in its designed place in the future, but it was no biggie, especially compared to the chain itself.

I was initially concerned with my mouth, since the split part was supposed to exit at the corners of my mouth, but the official of the procedure told me that I will get used to it in no time, and to make adjusting easier, and to make the back of my mouth less crowded, they will remove my wisdom teeth as well.

The decision to get such an extreme, and on top of it, permanent modification to my body did not came easily, but the constant exposure to the whole sexed up world of the Judgement apparently changed me more than I thought. I was just unable to get the whole thing out of my head once I contemplated the idea of getting it done; the way it will change the act of lovemaking (or rather, fucking - love is a rarely associated with it in these parts); the inconvenience and sexual stimulus it will cause on a daily basis even while doing mundane, daily tasks; the feeling of slightly handicapped - it was way too kinky for me to pass up. I have become corrupted by this world.

So here I am, strapped down into one of the piercing chairs reserved for such modifications, naked as the day I was born, while Nelf, my appointed piercer and body modifier professional is busy applying the numbing gel to my nipples and navel. She has a sly smile in the corner of the mouth.

"Enjoying yourself?" I winked at her.

"To be honest, yes." She answered after a brief pause while flashing me a smile. "You are quite brave if you are willing to go through the whole process - or rather, if you are willing for the chain to go through YOU." She winked back at me. "It's not like it is dangerous - it might have been in the past, but we had plenty of time to fix any issues about that. It's just that it will turn your sex drive into overdrive, even by Piercing standards. Everything you do will remind you of sex, because there will be constant friction either on, or IN every erogenous part of your body. And, on top of that, you will have to relearn - well, everything." She said while she casually pinched my left nipple, making sure it was erect and ready for the piercing to come.

"Eating or taking a shit is going to be messy, you will come to prefer fluid diets from now on. You have to be careful while bending over, to ease the stain on your digestive system, or naughty bits. Hell, even breathing will be different. Taking a deep breath can have unexpected results." She explained casually while piercing my nip with her enchanted needle. There was barely any pain, and literally no blood - these people knew their job very well. 

"Actual sex is going to be an entirely different thing," she continued explaining while prepping my other nipple. "People already go crazy when they see heavily pierced girls - trust me, I know," she told me while licking her lips, casually letting her tongue travel further to the corner of her mouth to caress the large golden piercing ring she had there. I'm pretty sure she was right on the subject - by being a piercing professional herself, and by sporting multiple golden hoops and barbells in her lips, ears and eyebrows - and god knows where else. "But seeing a chained one is an entirely different matter. You will have no shortage of potential partners, and, ahem, investors. A chained one is incredibly exotic - imagine fingering and licking the girl's butt besides the chain... or gently tugging and moving the links around the hole, or pushing a single link inside the anus, letting the tension in the chain pull it out by itself... so arousing..." she daydreamed.

I wondered if I should wake her from her trance, but sudden pain in my right nipple meant that she probably could do a piercing like that with her eyes closed. Looking down, I realized that besides having decently sized nipple rings, I also have gotten pierced in my navel, without me actually realizing it. Damn, Nelf is good or what?

Previously to this, I was already being prepared for the procedure - my wisdom teeth were long gone, my pharynx modified (I wasn't even sure what it was before, since I am far from being a scholar, but, as I later learnt, it separates your breathing from your eating, or something like that...) and I was on a liquid diet for two days, my digestive system already in the process of transforming into something simpler and shorter; so it was hardly a surprise when, after unlocking me from the piercing chair, Nelf told me to wait a minute until she gets the Chain that was designed and personalized for me.

It was beautiful. It wasn't one of those fancy, golden-colored (are those really from gold?) chains that cost you a fortune even after funded by the major, but it did not need to be - I was perfectly happy with the rigid, cool, metallic look. It was really long and cold to the touch, but I was assured that I don't need to worry about either of that - the length was carefully measured to fit me both inside and outside, and it will adjust to my body temperature in time. It split into 2 parts near it's end, so it had a Y shape when stretched out. 

Nelf also gave me two pills; one was a modified laxative to amplify the peristaltic parts of my digestive system (and since I was clean inside and out, nothing messy will came out of it), so your body almost sucks in the chain by itself, the other was supposed to loose you up, to reduce the initial discomfort the first insertion of the chain will cause before it's magic can get to work. From what part of the Judgement did she get those, I have no idea, but I was grateful.

After gulping down the pills, I sat down on the piercing chair (that thing is much more comfortable when you are not actually strapped in), and put the "bottom-end" part of the chain in my mouth. It was surprisingly heavy, another thing I have to get used to, but there will be time for that later, I just needed to gobble it down. So I started swallowing.

"The swallowing process used to last really long, like, multiple days long in the past," Nelf said casually while she sat down on a nearby chair. "Thanks to those pills and the magic infused in the Chain, it should only take... a few hours. You don't need to hurry, we have plenty of time, try to get used to the feeling. Besides, the look is sexy as hell." 

The feeling was really strange, especially the first few minutes. While I felt relaxed and at ease, I still felt like I needed to puke. However, as time passed, those feelings merged somewhat, like when you have to puke, but not really, like it is just something that resides in your esophagus that you can't really remove, neither up or down, so you just let it sit there.

Swallowing was much easier than I thought. After a while, I almost did not need to do anything consciously, I just lifted more chain to my mouth the get swallowed. The feeling remained intense however - I felt the chain enter my stomach, and after a few more cm's of the chain, I felt like I just ate a decent meal, my belly getting full. That concerned me - the chain was supposed to just pass through, not bunch up in my stomach like that, so I looked at Nelf to my right, and tried out my ability to speak.

"... hey Nelf, is ith supposeth to... neve' minth..." I told her, because I felt the chain unbunch somehow, and felt it enter into... deeper parts of me, so I continued swallowing. Talking felt strange, like the chain was slightly resonating in my throat to the sound of my voice in a really arousing way, almost like when I was giving a head to a particularly hung guy. My speech impairment will hopefully be fixed when I get to the part where the chain splits into two, and when I will get some practice.

I was no expert in biology, but I was fairly sure that the guts of the usual humanoid were significantly longer than this chain (even though it was still really long), but I was told earlier not to worry about it, just let the magic of the chain and the earlier treatment to my body solve the problem of length, so I did just that, and kinda stopped caring about the possible complications. Hopefully the people who were smarter than me and had more experience with the procedure ironed most of the problems out already. I wondered if my carefreeness came from one of the pills - maybe it loosened the mind as well as the body. Oh, whatever.

Meanwhile, Nelf became more and more interested in my predicament. She removed her top a while ago, so her perky C cup boobs with their huge nipple barbells became visible. She quickly fixed her shoulder length straight black hair not to cover her face, then went down on me. "Just to help you loosen up," she murmured.

Her tongue and fingers were wonderful. I was already pretty wet down there (this chaining process is much more arousing than I thought), but I released a practical waterfall from my gash when she decided to stop teasing the outer labia and started to actually penetrate me. She clearly had experience, because after just half a minute, I had an earth shattering orgasm - clearly the whole procedure brought me to a very aroused state already, she just pushed me over the edge.

"I probably should not do that," she giggled. "At the moment of your orgasm, you tense up, and that will hinder the whole process for a while. I will just keep you on the edge from now on, and will only reward you when I feel something exciting here," she told me while she pushed her index finger into my butt. After I cooled down a little bit, I examined the remaining chain. I came to me as a surprise that most of it was already gone, so I must be getting really close to the actual flossing experience.

After a few more minutes like this, I felt some movement inside my bowels. "Ith's coming, Nelf" I told her. 

"Keep pushing", she answered. "Your inner anal sphincter will need to let it through. You need to let it come inside of you while letting it out outside of you at the same time on your other end." I did as I was told - it was a strange feeling, something like eating and shitting at the same time, even though it was neither. "It's here, I can feel it at the tip of my finger!" Nelf yelled excitedly. How deep was your finger in anyway? Probably pretty deep, because I felt a tugging sensation deep in my anus as she hooked her finger into the first arriving link of my chain. 

"I will help you out a bit. Don't worry, I will be gentle." It was incredibly exciting, feeling the pulling sensation transmitted into the core of my body, stimulating every sensitive part inside my anus and rectum. "It's out! I'm so proud of you," she chirped to me. "Now we only have to pull it out until it reaches your navel." I was slightly confused, but then remembered: my navel ring will be the place where the 2 (well, 3, if you count the split mouth-breast parts separately) will be joined into one smooth loop. So I continued swallowing, while not really needing to push on the bottom part - Nelf took care of that.

The remaining chain was really short now, and when I got to the part where I swallowed the beginning of the split part that made it a Y, she stopped me. "That's enough; your part is done, let me finish it for you". I wondered what she really meant by me being "done"; this flossing is permanent, you know! But I figured she just meant the swallowing part, so I just opened my mouth to her and relaxed.

I felt Nelf pulling and adjusting the metal until I felt the left part attached to the back end of my mouth, to the place where my left wisdom teeth were previously. She did the same on the other side, and while I was busy figuring out where my actual tongue should be, she strapped me back into the chair.

"Hey!" I protested.

"Don't worry, we are almost done, only need to put a few finishing touches in place" she told me while she pulled the bunched up bottom chain out of my asscrack. After this, she pulled the separated mouth chains to each corner of my mouth, then proceeded to put a ring in each corner of my mouth!

"Is this really necessary?" I whined after the sudden pain was gone - it was much more painful than my nipples and navel have been. At least I could talk somewhat properly now, the chain out of the way of my tongue, while still being extremely noticeable and... well, exciting.

"Hush, of course it is necessary. You would not be able to close your mouth, or chew anything if I did not do this." She threaded the twin chains through each of the corner-mouth-piercings, while constantly readjusting it in my mouth. "We are almost done."

After finishing my mouth-part, she flicked my nipples to get them some attention, then carefully pulled each corresponding chain through their respective nipple ring, while the metal gently caressed my upper and lower side of my boobs. I was still savoring the new sensations when I heard her say, "here goes nothing!", then two fast clanking sounds followed by a slight tugging sensation on my - well, chain? Apparently they were already merged together, becoming one loop, the magic in them allowing a comfortable way of doing that. After feeling Nelf unlocking me from the chair, I leaned forward to examine my navel, the tugging sensation (one that is going to become a permanent part of me) got stronger in my... insides, becoming pretty uncomfortable, while becoming a bit more slacky outside. "Careful! No sudden movements for you until you get used to it! The chain is not slack anymore, you have to be careful about bending over or leaning back, you dont want to injure yourself just after getting chained. Relax, let me bring a mirror", Nelf told me.
