 Sex with Nelf turned out to be an amazing experience. She had organized her living quarters on the first floor of her house, while she kept her work-related stuff on the ground level. All we had to do was to go up the stairs - however, that task seemed easier in theory than in practice. I was tired (gulping down a few meters of chain is hard work, I tell you), and even standing up was difficult - the whole outer part of the chain shifted up a link's distance, causing arousing friction on my nipples and between my pussy lips, and pulling a link out of my anus. I would have fallen if not for Nelf's quick help.

"Don't worry, sweetie, I got you. I got a massive bed upstairs, and plenty of toys to play with. All you have to do is to climb a few stairs," Nelf whispered into my ears. "I will fix the mess in my room, come, and follow me. You can take your time, get used to these feelings. They are now a permanent part of your life".

She playfully tugged on the left-part of my chain, gently, so it did not hurt, then she rushed upstairs. I tried to follow, but almost lost my footing again, the feelings were so intense - part of it arousing, the other part of it the slightly uncomfortable, slightly handicapping tugging-feeling. I took a deep breath (and regretted it instantly, as it caused extra stain on the chain via my boobs), then started walking towards the stairs, one step at a time. Baby steps.

I figured that if I let my head hang lower than usual, the feelings were less intense, so I did just that, and arrived safely to the staircase. I grabbed the railing and looked up, but did not see anything special up there, partly because moving my head intensified things. Climbing up caused no further problems. When I finished my climb, I carefully looked around.

The living quarters of Nelf's house was cozy, much less sterile and rigid, unlike the hospital-like workshop part. The whole space was dominated by the queen-sized bed at the middle, and crowned by Nelf's slightly skinny but still sexy as hell butt sitting on it, only covered by a flimsy thong. Apparently "fixing the mess" meant stripping, and also included strapping on a big dildo harness I realized as she turned around.

"Oh, you adapt fast," she smiled coyly. I got a good look at her as she strode towards me. I have already seen her boobs, as she already stripped to the waist as I was gulping down the chain, but seeing them in motion I realized I should have paid more attention to them. They were beautiful, and insanely perky, their chocolate colored nipples perking proudly, showing their strength by carrying their huge barbells. Nelf was pretty skinny overall, she lacked the toned, subtle muscles that I had, but that did not stop her from being sexy as fuck. Her crotch was, however, hidden from me - her strap-on thong panties blocked my view of it, so my curiosity was left unsatisfied - piercing professionals usually had pretty extreme metalworks down there. No matter, the massive strap-on she wore promised more than enough compensation.

She pulled me down on the bed, then immediately turned towards the classic 69 position. That gave me the opportunity to examine her crotch. However, when I tried to move her thong out of the way, I failed - the small piece of clothing was apparently stuck to her groin, also her black fake cock seemed impossible to move away from the point where her clit was supposed to be under the flimsy underwear. 

"Hey, careful down there - if you will be rough, so will I be." 

Uh-oh, she probably had quite an advantage over me, me being flossed and all that. She was quite content on just licking my labia lips until now, but after this, she started to pull aggressively on my chain around my perineum, yanking multiple links out at the same time. I was soon lost to the sensations, Nelf's crotch temporary forgotten - the way my chain just emerged from my body, only to be pulled back as soon as Nelf let it go, was incredibly stimulating both physically and mentally. Nelf's other hand went straight towards my clit, replacing the friction of the metal with her hand, probably to save it from being rubbed raw so early in the session. When she licked right into my pussy with her skilled tongue, around my urethra, I instantly came.

After a few seconds of recovery, I opened my eyes to the sight of a giggling Nelf, who apparently turned around while I was out of it.

"I envy you, I really do," she murmured into my ears while she lovingly caressed my hair. "I am not brave enough to get chained, so I will be missing most of the sensations that you now are able to experience. How do you feel? I am so curious!"

I contemplated her question for a few moments; my hands involuntarily went right for her boobs, caressing her nipples.

"I am pretty out of it, to be honest," I answered frankly. "The chain is arousing, that is for sure. My so-far limited experience tells me that I will get aroused by literally everything that involves moving, and that includes breathing. On the other hand, I feel like I have handicapped myself in... a lot of things. I worked as a mercenary warrior not too long ago. That will be really hard, if not impossible to do now. I will also be instantly recognizable as a sex-crazed addict... normal women don't just go and get flossed for life."

And my thought process went even deeper than that - just 3 years ago, I was a virgin, for god's sake, and here I am now, casually pillow-talking with a wicked woman that I barely know, after getting eaten out by her. Life surely has taken a turn for me.

My thoughts were interrupted by Nelf's kiss on my lips. "What you just did was admirable, an achievement in itself. You might be limited in quite a few things from now on, but you will also be a respected member of the Piercer, whatever you do. The major is way to kinky for his own good," she winked at me, then resumed her kissing. I felt her tongue go deep in my mouth, then felt it finding and following the chain that went deep inside me. A sharp tug on my butthole interrupted our kissing session; Nelf's right hand was restless and found my chain. "It is so kinky, almost like I can just... get inside you. Manipulate your very inner body. Even kissing is much more interesting with your additions. But hey, let's do something more... carnal."

Her intentions were clear, I felt her fake cock caressing my navel as she become more restless. "Just keep laying on your side, let me do all the work," she said as she changed positions to get behind me. 

"Will you be fine? I mean, are you enjoying this?" I asked, slightly concerned - I did not wanted to sound ungrateful to the girl who spent most of her day to modify me, and as things stood, most of her night-to-come to satisfy me.

"Oh, don't you worry, girly. It is a privilege on its own to do the Chaining to someone, it is my first time doing that procedure. And on top of it, the sight I will masturbate to in the coming months will be your tight, modified body. I am probably enjoying myself more than you, and that is saying something, because I saw how... deep your recent orgasm was. And I always wanted to do... this to a flossed woman."

With that, she hugged me from behind with one hand, gently caressing my boobs, while her other aimed her dildo right to the entrance of my anus. It was tight, oh, so tight - I really liked anal, and usually had no problem getting a dick into my ass, but the size of the dildo, coupled with the presence of the chain, made things much more cramped. Still, after a few agonizing seconds, her pushing won over my resisting anal ring, and she entered me. The mental image that she just pushed my outer chain a few links deeper into me, coupled with the raw physical sensations, pushed me right over the edge again.

She started pumping, starting slow - I felt like she was trying to be considerate of me, but she was also hella impatient. After my body started to adjust, she pushed in deeper and deeper, faster and faster... I quickly lost track of things, my whole anal region stimulated, her hands (not needing to aim with it now, she used both) pulling, pinching on my nipples and my chain, occasionally going lower to caress and rub my labia... I really started to lose grip on anything not sexual...

When I came to, it was already dark. As I lay in Nelf's bed, hearing her soft snoring from the other side, I quickly assessed my situation. My body was wonderful for sex now, like some exotic treasure waiting to be explored, both by me and by my future partners. Oh, and on top of it, I sure as hell qualified for Sherry's, my lamia landlord's dancer position now, getting one of the most extreme body mods around here.

I carefully rose from the bed, trying not to wake Nelf up, and also not to hurt or arouse myself too much. As I walked down the stairs, I became aware of something in my vagina - oh, cheeky Nelf pushed something inside me during our lovemaking, and it was held in by the chain passing between my labia. First I wanted to remove it, whatever it is, but a quick tug on the chain made sure that I should probably just leave it in there - my clit, my labia, my anus, hell, all of my body protested, not wanting to be rubbed by my chain.

Dressing was another problem I had to face, and not just because I needed to move my body around to do it. I came to Nelf's house in a tight tank top and a pair of shorts, also wearing a sexy lacy underwear set. My black lacy thong and shorts were alright, only causing moderate arousal while I pulled them on, but my bra and top were going to be a problem - they simply did not fit me anymore, not with the chain tight over my nipples, pulling a bridge to my mouth and to my navel. I guess I have to get used to shelf bras from now on, ones that can go below my chain while still giving me support, because I sure as hell needed their support now, not wanting to just spontaneously orgasm because my bouncing boobs pulled my chain too much. I also wanted something to actually cover my breasts - being topless was fine in the Piercing, but I just wasn't really into it, preferring to only show my tits only to the ones I actually wanted to show.

After looking around for suitable replacements for my top, I settled for a simple scarf that Nelf left around - I will return it later, and it's not like she really needed a scarf in the hot desert weather of the Piercer. I quickly wrapped the narrow clothing around me, placing the knot tactically into my cleavage, then started walking home.