 Author's Note: Please note that this story features hyper sized dicks, balls and breasts, with extreme loads of semen, futanari, extreme pregnancy (we're not talking octuplets here), and general insanity. If that's your thing, then read on. Merry (belated) Christmas and Happy New Year.

*****

Crystal slumped back into her chair as she scrolled through the disappointing array of items on eBay. Pots, mirrors, portraits, rare coins. None of them suited her girlfriend at all. She closed the page and moved onto Amazon, but found a string of similarly lacking options. That meant the old-fashioned way; store hunting. She wouldn't be opposed to it if summer and winter switched weather for the year. The young woman shrivelled into her blanket as she glanced outside at the snow fall.

There were only a few days until Christmas. The streets would be crowded by last minute shoppers, a sin that she was equally guilty of, all rushing to get last minute gifts at bargain prices. Crystal shut down her computer and went about gathering her winter clothes. A warm, fluffy jacket over a mockingly Hawaiian style jumper, with tights under her thickest jeans. She pulled a hat over her chin length hair, then tugged her gloves on to complete the defence.

"Now or never," Crystal muttered under her breath as she stood before the door. She zipped up her boots, wriggling her toes to make sure they hadn't grown any. At age eighteen, the college freshman was still seeing the effects of puberty, though it wasn't kind to her curves. Not that anyone could see through her thick layers.

She summoned her courage and marched outdoors. Instantly, she regretted it when a gust of cold rushed her face, sending a flurry of snow against her skin. A full-body shudder coursed through her, but she continued onward to her car, a 'second' hand mini. Though Crystal was certain that it was closer to tenth-hand. The snow wasn't heavy, yet, but it did blanket the vehicle in a powdery white. Crystal managed to make it and immediately threw herself inside.

"Fuck the cold," she growled as she turned the heating on high and worked some feeling into her already numbed fingers. Crystal always had trouble generating her own body heat, which became one of the many reasons she adored her girlfriend, Nicole. She was like a hot water bottle wreathed in softness. They had been going out for five years, since they were budding teens. It was a miracle that they had lasted so long, and were still together.

And Crystal owed it to her not to mess up on Christmas this year. Not simply because she had a habit of forgetting the obvious, like the holiday season, but because Nicole was always so good to her. She put up with Crystal being cranky in the mornings, helped her with assignments that she barely understood, even relinquished her comfort so that Crystal could steal her warmth. The absolute least she could do was get Nicole something special for Christmas.

Unfortunately, the world was unappreciative of her efforts. Crystal pulled out from the dorm parking lot and made her way to the mall, only to be completely trapped in a sea of traffic. She stared at her dashboard clock, tapping her finger impatiently, grimacing as the minutes dripped by painfully slowly. Ten minutes trickled by and she had moved only a foot toward her destination. There, she'd have to rush about clustered stores and sift through shoppers and probably get felt up by a random pervert.

Crystal rested her chin on the steering wheel and heaved a sigh. She didn't even have the luxury being stuck behind a car with a dog or kids whose parents built televisions into their seats, either would be appreciated. Her phone was out of the question, since her data plan had run dry a few days ago, and was low on battery. Time for her last resort. Crystal turned her head from side to side and stared out her windows.

She saw it, then. There was a single shop nestled between a pair of houses with a big 'sale' sign outside, boasting up to 50% off select items. Crystal looked back to the traffic and didn't hesitate. She pulled onto the curb, giving just enough room for other cars to get past, and made a break for the store. If nothing else, she could kill time inside and hope that the slew of vehicles dissipated slightly. Or maybe she would find something for Nicole inside?

"I hate the cold," Crystal shuddered when she entered the store to an almost jolly sounding bell, then sighed in relief as the welcome heat washed over her. She removed her hat and gloves, letting her dyed-blue locks free as well as her pale hands, and stuffed them into her pocket. The young woman, then, scanned her surroundings. She was in an antique shop, complete with dim lighting and a musty odour that made it seem so much older, despite the modern security cameras in the corner or the gadgets on display at the counter. Nicole did say that she liked decorative pieces.

"How may I help you?" Asked a kindly old woman, whom appeared from behind the till to stand beside Crystal.

"Um, yeah. I'm looking for something for my girlfriend... for Christmas," Crystal divulged.

"Ah, a lesbian," the woman chuckled, "Is she one of those 'butch' types?"

"No," Crystal shook her head, mind temporarily steering toward the images of Nicole's perfectly feminine demeanour, save for their bedroom antics. A faint shiver passed through the teen as she recalled last night.

"Lovely. I can't stand those stereotypes," the woman smiled, "I like my women like my granddaughter likes her teddy bears; soft and huggable."

"Agreed," Crystal replied, smiling back. It was a rare pleasure to meet someone so open minded.

"Are there any pieces of history your girlfriend likes?" The woman inquired, guiding Crystal down the few aisles she had in her cosy store.

"I'm not sure. She's working for a Bachelor of Arts, so I'm pretty sure she likes the Renaissance period," Crystal answered, frowning in thought.

"Ah, then I might have the perfect gift," the woman walked to a dimly lit corner, one that was surprisingly out of the camera's view. Crystal, meanwhile, looked around at the other items. Most of them were chipped trinkets, barely more than fancy paperweights. From the corner of her eye, she caught an almost eerie flash of light. The word 'eerie' filtered through her thoughts, for the flash had been green in nature. Crystal frowned and walked toward where it came from.

"Are you alright?" She asked, having seen no one else in the store, nor had she heard anyone enter. The teen peered around a corner, only to jump and yelp when the woman's face popped into view.

"Sorry to scare you. Damn technology," the apparent owner glanced back disdainfully, then raised an object in her hands, "Anyway, I think this might be what your partner would enjoy."

"A... canvas? She's got plenty of those," Crystal informed her with an incredulous frown, looking at the blank picture.

"Ah, but it's the history behind it that she might enjoy. This is a canvas owned by nearly all significant artists throughout time, but none used it. They claimed to have done so, but the paint or ink merely vanished. Some say that it's cursed, for their creations became reality."

"Wouldn't it be burned or something? You know, for witchcraft?" Crystal arched a suspicious eyebrow. She couldn't blame the woman for trying to fabricate some fantastical history behind the canvas, she had a business to run after all, but she could have at least tried to keep it within the realms of reality.

"It can't be burned. It's indestructible. The artists would keep it with them, even after discovering its curse. For they knew, that if they could perhaps find a way to keep the paint on the canvas, it would be a masterpiece for all eternity. Or maybe they were all crazy?" The woman chuckled, "All the best artists are, though, wouldn't you agree?"

"Yeah," Crystal couldn't disagree, not when Nicole liked to randomly dress up in Halloween outfits throughout the year, or when she'd prank Crystal so that she would sit on a dildo.

"Even if none of it's true, then she'll at least have something to paint with," the store owner pointed out, "And I haven't sold this thing in years. So, I'll cut you a deal. $7."

"Hmm," Crystal wasn't an artist herself, she was a writer, but Nicole had told her plenty about how to spot a quality tool. And this canvas looked like a quality piece to her, "I'll take it."

"Excellent," the woman beamed, eyes glimmering in joy.

Hours later, Crystal collapsed onto her bed. She had two bags at her feet, one with the canvas and another with a locket that held her and Nicole's picture. It was a cliché gift, but one that she knew her girlfriend would enjoy. Nicole loved memories, and the image was one of their happiest. It was a selfie from their first night together. Their hair was wild, faces a mess with smeared makeup, and the tops of their breasts showed. But Crystal had never looked happier and neither had Nicole.

The teen smiled softly to herself. Maybe she should get something else for Christmas? They weren't going home for the holidays, since their families lived two states away, so they would be together for the once happiest time of the year. It was a corporate money-grab now, however that didn't mean they couldn't share some joy.

"A hot DVD, a new strap-on, some lube and a bottle of oil... hmm, maybe a new collar," Crystal murmured to herself, listing everything that she and Nicole loved to use, then lumbered to her computer. She was on her feet for the past four hours, walking or standing still on her hard boots. When her girlfriend got home, Crystal would demand a foot massage. Then snuggles.

She quickly found something that Nicole would love. Her girlfriend was technically bi. She loved women, that was obvious to Crystal from the nights they'd spend with Nicole just exploring her body, or when her girlfriend would sketch the female form with loving strokes of her pencil. But Nicole loved watching a cock drive into a woman. It was why she had an extensive strap-on collection.

And, also, why Nicole's porn folder was full of stories, art or hentai featuring futanari. 'Women' with a penis and a vagina, both fully functional. Crystal couldn't blame her for enjoying it. The very fantasy of someone like that was oddly enticing, despite her distaste for men. It didn't help that a lot of those fantasies featured other insanities. The biggest recurring thread in Nicole's folder was 'hyper endowments'. 

Crystal, then, stopped on the Japanese website. She looked at the canvas in its bag. Nicole was a fantastic painter, one that Crystal had no doubt could go far - though she was naturally biased - but she couldn't compare to some experts out there. The teen bared her teeth in a broad smirk as the idea cemented itself into her head.

"I'm home!" Nicole announced half an hour later. Crystal quickly, and calmly, closed the tabs that she didn't want seen and erased them from history. This was far from the first time someone had barged into her privacy.

"Hey, babe," Crystal called, rushing toward her girlfriend as she set her jacket and bag down, revealing her plain shirt and nametag. Nicole was a waitress at a college café, and a popular one at that. It wasn't hard to see why, or feel in Crystal's case as she wrapped the artist in a loving hug. She had a healthy shape with a svelte waist and graspable hips, above both sat her hand filling breasts. They weren't overbearingly large and remained perky.

Crystal smiled happily, nuzzling her face into her roommate's neck. She stood a few inches below Nicole's 5'8'', giving her the petite, unassuming look that she knew her girlfriend loved. They embraced for a full minute, simply breathing in each other's smell and enjoying their presence. Crystal sighed as her body warmed up with Nicole's heat.

"I take it you missed me?" Nicole jested, planting a soft kiss on the top of that blue mop she adored.

"Uh huh," Crystal murmured, pulling away to look up at her girlfriend, at her intense grey eyes and those full, pouting lips, "Did you miss me?"

"You bet," Nicole said and crouched down to root around her bag, then came back up with a pair of panties, "I couldn't keep my mind off you." She handed the underwear over and Crystal giggled when she felt how damp they were.

"What were you fantasising about?" Crystal wriggled her eyebrows and hips.

"Oh... you know? You," Nicole said, lowering her tone to a husky whisper, "Naked on the bed. Hog tied and soaking wet for me," she continued, leaning her head down until their lips almost touched, "With a big plug up that gorgeous pale ass."

"Mm," Crystal moaned, feeling her pussy bring a part of that fantasy into reality. She turned her head slightly and pressed her lips to Nicole's. They weren't in a BDSM relationship, only their nightly acts featured such a dynamic. In bed, she was Nicole's submissive. To be toyed with as the taller woman pleased, but never beyond her limits.

The two pushed against one another. They moaned at the plushness against their lips, tongues reaching out slowly before meeting in a passionate tango. Crystal pressed her slender body against Nicole, groaning as she inadvertently ground her pussy against the insides of her jeans. A slight push from Nicole urged her legs apart, letting the taller teen slide her knee against Crystal's groin. On instinct, the blue haired girl began to slide her crotch against it.

"Nicole," Crystal breathed when their lips came apart.

"I'm just getting started, baby," Nicole smirked, shoving her hands past the hem of her girl's jeans, past her tights, and cupped her full rear. It was one of the best parts about Crystal's figure. She was lean, with thin shoulders and only a slight swell for her chest, but her buttocks could beat out any cheerleader or model. Each cheek overflowed in Nicole's hands with the perfect amount of give.

She slid down into a crouch and pulled Crystal's jeans with her. In mere seconds, she was faced with her lover's beautiful, groomed snatch. A triangle of trimmed pubic hair pointed to the true treasure; the neat labia that peeked out amidst her engorged, glistening vulva. A small drop of fluid ran down along Crystal's inner thigh, only to be intercepted by the tip of Nicole's tongue. She cooed at the musky flavour that washed across her palate. Her breath washed over the teen's sensitive skin.

"Hmm," Crystal sighed, looking down in adoration. The feeling of the air on her crotch deepened her breaths to a wanton pant, her cheeks flushing a deep red as she watched, and felt, her lover's lips caress her skin. They travelled up her thigh, leaving trails of fire in their wake. She, then, gasped as something cold pressed against her burning pussy. Nicole dug her frigid nose against Crystal's vulva teasingly.

"Ah," Nicole exhaled in satisfaction, "I love that needy smell. It's like your cunny needs me for it to cum. But we know that's not true," she laid a hand over the swollen lips, gently stroking them, "Is it, Crystal?"

"But it is," Crystal whined, gyrating her hips in small circles, trying to reach more pleasure, "I need you to make me cum, Nicole. My pussy wants you to taste it, to finger it, to fuck it."

"Good answer... pet," Nicole grinned, adhering her gaze to her lover's, whose eyes now blazed with want, "Mm, I haven't had a good drink in a while. Make sure you cum a lot for me."

"Oh, yes," Crystal moaned, her lust bubbling hotly, "I'll cum for you. Let me sate your thirst. Please? I want to give you all my cum." The smaller teen had no delusion of what she could do with an orgasm. Early into puberty, Crystal found that, with the right stimulation - the kind that Nicole knew all too well how to provide - she was a squirter. As the years progressed, it only seemed to get easier.

"Maybe," Nicole teased, leaning in and poking her tongue out to flick it against her pet's engorged button to a sharp whimper, but gave no more, "If you say what I wanna hear."

"Please, Mistress?" Crystal instantly pleaded, "Make your little pet cum, make her fill your mouth so you can drink her naughty juices. Let me please you, Mistress."

"That's my pet," Nicole grinned, then pressed her tongue flat to the very bottom of her toy's crotch, before she lapped it along every inch of her vulva. The swollen lips felt heavenly on her muscle, a perfect texture to accompany that heady flavour of her girl's lust. She, then, wrapped her full lips around the peeping nub. Her tongue lapped at the button, earning a string of keen moans.

Nicole nipped at her clit. The gentle bite made Crystal jerk and shout, mashing her nether lips against her lover's skilled mouth. Moisture practically gushed from her nubile peach, but she wasn't cumming. Yet.

"Make me cum, Mistress," Crystal pleaded, gyrating her hips and running her weeping cunt all over her girlfriend's beautiful visage, "Please, I need it. Your little pet needs to cum."

Nicole wasn't one to disappoint. She opened her mouth wide and encased the engorged vulva in her lips, tongue driving as deep as it could into Crystal's undulating depths, while she ground her nose into the twitching button atop her glistening folds. The dominant teen brought a hand under her chin, slipping it against her lover's snatch, then curled a pair of fingers to sink into her drooling pussy. Warm velvet coated her digits as they wriggled enticingly. Drips of pleasure met Nicole's tongue.

She's close, Nicole thought in anticipation. Crystal had always been quick to orgasm, especially after her weaknesses were discovered. The taller girl brought her other hand up under Crystal's top and found her pet's navel, then lightly circled the slight dip with a nail, drawing a soft moan amidst the crescendo of ecstasy. She moved on and brought her hand to her lover's stiff nipple, then pinched it tightly. A sharp cry arched from Crystal's lips as her pussy convulsed.

A burst of pleasure made her chest leap forward into Nicole's fingers. Crystal moaned as she gave herself over to the saphhic ecstasy rising in her core. It tightened, stretching her willpower thin, then snapped. Like a crumbling dam, the sudden break brought forth a crushing tide of pleasure. Her pussy clenched around Nicole's tongue and fingers, holding them like a vice, as she squirted her climax. Every drop landed perfectly in Nicole's parched mouth.

Nicole sighed through her nose. The taste was exquisite, as always, filling her mouth with her girl's sweetness and that hint of unmissable acidity. It wouldn't be complete without the complimentary bitterness. Nor could it be without the undulating, velvety insides. And, certainly, not without the ecstatic cries of her pet.

The dominant artist gulped the flow greedily. Her throat worked to swallow every gush, while her fingers sawed to and fro, curving and scratching as her tongue stretched as far as possible into Crystal's soaked canal. It would not suffice for her girl's orgasm to end so soon. Nicole nuzzled into her lover's shuddering clit, inhaling the musky aroma she adored. She brought her hand away from Crystal's breast and found her hand, gripping it tight as they shared in the cumming girl's pleasure. Her yells soon quieted to a blissful moan as her fluids gradually slowed.

"Ooh, Mistress," Crystal breathed, relaxing into her bed.

Nicole smirked and crawled up until their faces were together, "Just Nicole now, babe," she said, leaning down to kiss her sweetly, sharing a taste of her juices.

"Oh," Crystal pouted, "Period?"

"Sadly," the taller teen groaned and rolled onto her back, then pulled her small lover close, "But it'll end before Christmas, so we can play all we want."

"Guess that's fine," Crystal sighed and wrapped herself around her dominant lover, still feeling the aftershocks of her climax. She, then, recalled what she intended to ask, "Nicole?"
