 Part I - Dangerous Names

The original Tam Lin was a story told in an early Scottish ballad about a man taken by the fairies. It has been retold many, many times, although I'm not sure it's ever been told in quite this way... I would like to give credit to the original author, but since no one knows his name, I will simply thank Francis James Child for recording the ballad in his famous book of Eanglish and Scottish ballads in the late 19th century, which is the first place I came upon it.

* * *

I think the fairies probably made up Tinkerbell.

It just seems their style to create something so far from the truth to throw mortals off track. Let me tell you, it works. When people hear the word "fairy," now, they think of a tiny, cute blonde thing with pixie dust and little tinkling bells. When they're presented with the true, terrifying, awesome reality, they shut it out. They just don't believe what they're seeing.

And the fairies like it that way.

Real fairies don't grant wishes or make people fly by sprinkling glitter on them. They probably could, if they wanted to, but they really have better things to do. Like fucking with humans.

The thing about fairies is that life to them is a huge, intricate game. Being immortal I guess has that effect on you. Mortals are like chess pieces to them, things to be used to get ahead in the game, a means to an end. Of course, when you play chess with real chess pieces, when they die, they get put back in the box, ready for the next game. People don't really do that. Not that the fairies particularly care. There are always more mortals.

Probably the only advantage that humans have over chess pieces is that they can learn the game, and sometimes, if they're clever, they can beat the fairies with their own rules...

* * *


O I forbid you, maidens a',
That wear gold on your hair,
To come or gae by Carterhaugh,
For young Tam Lin is there. 

* * *


Rocket Club was Mom's idea. It was supposed to help me re-socialize, or something. I didn't think I needed help re-socializing, but Dad and my shrink agreed, so they signed me up.

Granted, returning to school after six months in a mental institution was pretty weird. I hadn't fallen behind in my studies, at least. My teachers had sent me a packet of work every week, which I had dutifully completed, mostly for lack of anything better to do. After the initial shock of being institutionalized had worn off, my greatest emotional burden ended up being boredom. The other kids in the ward didn't really like me, so homework and video games were really the only things I had to do.

So really, the only thing I was behind on was the gossip. And most of that seemed to be about me, anyway. The school was too small for my situation to go unnoticed, and having a real, live lunatic as a classmate was fascinating to many of my peers. I avoided most of the questions either by telling people that I wasn't allowed to talk about it, or that I had forgotten my medication and was liable to snap at any moment if pressed to closely.

Certainly my teachers treated me that way. Even after a week of my best, most sane behavior, most of them were still tiptoeing around me, as if they were afraid that I was going to start foaming at the mouth at any moment. It was annoying, and I mentioned it in an offhand way to my mother after school one day, and she took it as an unspoken plea for help, and decided that an extracurricular activity was just what I needed. She knew that I would kill her if she even mentioned a sport, and the clubs I used to be a part of were run by him, so Rocket Club was her answer. I was unamused.

Granted, Rocket Club sounded at least vaguely interesting. It was a combination astronomy/model rocket club, and weekly meetings involved either setting off rockets or stargazing, both of which I enjoyed, at least in theory. The problem was that all of its members were on the extremely painful end of the nerd spectrum, and while I make no claims to be part of the "in" crowd, even I draw the line at debates about mathematical theorems.

So it was with great reluctance that I rode my bike to the first meeting of the semester. I was already irritated, because apparently being a recovering mental patient meant that I was not allowed to drive my car. I locked my bike to the rack near the soccer field, and headed down the hill toward the small knot of people near the bleachers. It was just after sunset, and I could see a few of the guys setting up telescopes. I nodded to them as I passed, and headed towards the bleachers to deposit my bag. However, as I reached them, I stopped short in shock.

He was there.

He was showing another student how to set up a launch site for the model rockets. He had his back to me, the blonde ponytail thrown carelessly over his shoulder characteristically messy. He was still dressed for school, but he'd taken off his tie and had his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows. He didn't look as if he'd changed at all in the last six months.

It wasn't terribly surprising that he was there, really. He liked this kind of thing, and he and Mr. Gerald, the physics teacher and the faculty advisor to the club, were pretty good friends. Part of me was relieved, because as soon as Mom found out he was in the club, I wouldn't be allowed to attend another meeting. Part of me was desperately glad to see him. And part of me wanted to turn around and run.

He stood, and brushed of his pants. Picking up his bag, he turned around to head to the bleachers and froze as soon as he saw me. His eyes met mine, and for a long moment, we just stood and stared at each other. I felt myself turning bright red.

The student he had been talking to suddenly snickered, breaking the moment. I turned away fuming. Of all the rumors that were circulating, the ones that involved him hurt me the most.

None of it was his fault, although my parents had mostly managed to convince themselves that it was all because of him that I had tried to kill myself. Granted, the fact that I was in love with a teacher didn't help matters, but he himself had done nothing. Mom's convinced we were sleeping together or something, but he really didn't even know, until the night everything went to hell. After I was carted off to the loony bin, I know he had several hearings with the principal and the school board, and that he had narrowly escaped losing his job. All because of my fucked up head.

I watched out of the corner of my eye as he hurried off in the other direction. Naturally, I couldn't blame him, but all the same, it hurt. I hadn't heard from him since that night. He hadn't even tried to find out how I was. I wondered if he even cared.

Pretty soon, the meeting got underway. Mr. Gerald made a few announcements, and then went through some safety procedures in his thickly accented English. He showed us the rockets we were going to set off, and explained how it would work. Most of the rockets were painted with glow-in-the-dark paint, and as it grew darker, they began to look less like plastic rockets, and more like enormous fireflies.

After a long-winded explanation of the aerodynamic properties of the rockets, Mr. Gerald called us up to pick out a rocket to set off. I hung back a little, afraid to come into contact with him, but unable to help watching him out of the corner of my eye. I picked up the first rocket my hand came in contact with and hurried back to my seat to wait my turn. I studied my rocket as the first student set his up on the launch pad. It was painted to resemble a dragonfly, in blue and purple glowing paint. It was one of the smaller models, but it looked well-made and very realistically painted. It almost seemed alive.

I watched as the first rocket streaked into the sky, in a blur of green and gold. It disappeared against the backdrop of the stars, and then became barely visible as it feel to earth, landing somewhere on the far side of the soccer field. The rockets were actually really fun to watch, and I relaxed as I began to enjoy myself. The student who went before me had somehow managed to knock his rocket over right before it launched, and had had to jump out of the way to avoid getting a face full of rocket. It had been pretty funny, and I was still giggling when I crossed to the launch pad, rocket in hand.

Mr. Gerald had taken the previous student aside, and was lecturing him on all the safety rules he had just broken, so I was left to figure out how to set it up myself. I was trying to remember which bit went where, when I heard his voice close beside me, "You're doing it wrong."

My mouth went dry as he knelt on the grass beside me and took the rocket from my trembling hands. "Oh," I said stupidly.

"Yeah, this goes here," he explained, without looking at me. "See? Now it's ready to go."

I nodded. "Thanks, Mr. Lynne," I muttered, my eyes cast resolutely downwards. I took the offered control and pressed to button savagely. I stared up at the dragonfly rocket as it arced up into the sky, a blurry glow through the tears that had sprung to my eyes. I remained standing there, staring up, long after it had descended.

"Okay!" Mr. Gerald's voice broke through my reverie. "We must gather the rockets up before we go on," he announced. "They shouldn't be too hard to find, and I don't think any of them went very far. Go on! First one back gets the first look at Mars through the telescope!"

What a fantastic reward, I thought wryly. I moved away from the group towards the western end of the field, where I thought I'd seen my rocket fall. The voices of the other students faded as I got farther away, and the silence of the night descended around me, broken only by the soothing chorus of crickets and the occasional cal of an owl. A few yards ahead, I saw a dim glow, and headed towards it to see if it was my rocket. I was about to bend and pick it up, when I heard a quiet footfall behind me.

"I think that's mine."

I turned to see Mr. Lynne, hanging back awkwardly, his blue eyes avoiding my brown ones. "Oh," I said. It seemed I wasn't able to say much more than that to him. I stood aside, but he made no move to come closer to get it. "Um," I said. "Maybe mine is over that way. I'll just..."

"Why did you do it?" he asked, so quietly that I could barely discern the words.

It felt as if he had punched me in the stomach. I stared at him, speechless. He gazed back at me, and I realized that he was crying. That was too much for me to deal with. I turned and ran.

"Wait!" he cried, but I ignored him and kept going full tilt, past the edge of the field and towards the woods beyond. I didn't much care where I was going, I just knew that I had to get away from him, his pain, my pain... I felt tears on my cheeks, cold against my skin. I didn't stop until I ran out of breath, and fell to my knees, sobbing, at the foot of an oak tree about a hundred feet into the woods. I heard him crashing through the bracken behind me, and I drew myself up against the trunk of the tree, hoping that he wouldn't see me.

"Sarah!" I didn't answer, and tried to stifle my sobs into silence. "Sarah!" He sounded so lost and desperate, that I relented, and was about to open my mouth to speak, when I heard someone answer, "Over here, Mr. Lynne." The voice sounded so much like my own, that I was once again stunned into silence. 

"I'm over here," the voice said again. It was coming from a deeper part of the woods. Mr. Lynne turned towards it, away from me, and called, "Where are you?"

"Up ahead..." said the voice that wasn't mine. "In the clearing up ahead.... I have something I want to show you."

I heard Mr. Lynne start towards the voice. I stood up quickly and started after him. "Hey!" I yelled. "That's not me!"

He didn't appear to hear me, and continued towards the other voice, coaxing him on in tones unnervingly similar to my own. I followed at a fast trot, but just as I drew close enough to grab his hand, he was suddenly, inexplicably...gone. 

I stopped short and stared at the place where he should have been. "Mr. Lynne?" I ventured, my voice shaky. There was no answer. Had he fallen? I fell to my knees, and felt the ground in front of me, searching with my fingers for a hole, or for anything that might explain this inexplicable disappearance. My hands brushed against dry leaves, moss, earth...all perfectly normal and perfectly solid. I sat back on my heels and let out a sob of fear. What the hell was going on? I scrambled forward desperately, feeling around for anything that would give me a clue. My fingers brushed against something soft an yielding that felt unnervingly like human flesh, and I bit back a scream before I realized that it was nothing but a mushroom. I squinted at it in the darkness, blinking a few times in disbelief, because the mushroom looked like it was glowing. I cleared away some more bracken to reveal several more mushrooms, all of them giving forth a subtle, silvery phosphorescence. There were at least fifteen of them, growing in a rough circle on the ground. I inched closer to get a better look, ending up half inside the ring, when suddenly an unfamiliar voice spoke form behind me, "I wouldn't get any closer if I were you."

* * *

There's nane that gaes by Carterhaugh
But they leave him a pledge,
Either their rings, or green mantles,
Or else their maidenhead. 

* * *

This time, I did scream, and whirled around to see the oddest person I had even seen, holding a flashlight and looking down at me with an expression of sardonic amusement on his strangely beautiful face.

He was very tall and thin, with long, dark, tangled hair. His eyes were large and slanted, and seemed to shine with a golden light. His aquiline nose arched proudly over a full mouth, which seemed to be full of unnaturally sharp teeth. He was wearing a patched flannel shirt, which was hanging open, displaying his muscled chest. He seemed to be wearing a pair of extremely full and furry pants, and the shoes he was wearing made his feet look very odd. He didn't seem hostile, but I distrusted him instantly. 

"Who...who are you?" I managed to stammer.

He grinned even more wildly. "What will you give me for my name? The paring of your finger nails? The first laugh of your firstborn? The color red?"

I stared at him, open mouthed. He was obviously completely mad.

"No more than you, my dear," he said, winking. 

It took me a moment to digest the fact that I was apparently speaking to a telepathic madman, and by the time I did, I found myself to be strangely calm. I had past the threshold of weird and had moved on to somewhere else entirely. It seemed pointless to be surprised any more. I stood and faced him. "Okay," I said. "I don't need your name. Could you answer a question though?"

He considered a moment. "Perhaps."

"Have you seen my friend...I mean, teacher? He was just here. His name is Thomas Lynne."

The strange man's eye narrowed. "A dangerous name, little mortal. A dangerous name, indeed. Perhaps..." and here his voice changed, and became almost dreamy, "....perhaps you should leave and forget about this Thomas Lynne, hmmm? Mayhap? Hmmm? Forget, hmmm?"

Something fuzzy seemed to caress at my mind, but I shook it off. "No," I insisted. I have to find him. He got lost in here because he was following me."

The man's eyes widened. "A little mortal who shakes off my little glamour..." he murmured. "How very interesting..." He took a step towards me, moving uncomfortably close. His breath smelled of damp earth. "Perhaps we can come to an understanding."

I took a step back. "Quit the bullshit. Do you know where he is or not?"

"And if I did?" he purred. "What would you give to know?"

I almost groaned in frustration. I reached into my pocket for my wallet and produced a twenty. "Here, it's all I have. Now will you just tell me where he is?"

He took the proffered bill and sniffed at it distastefully. "Mortal, what use have I for this?"

"I don't know! Go buy yourself a six pack and get drunk! Just tell me where he is!"

He tossed the money aside and took another step toward me. "No, little mortal, if we are to parley, the payment must be something more...tangible." His free hand came up to trace a line along the side of my face. His skin was rough, but his touch was gentle.

I felt the blood rush into my face as I guessed his meaning. I slapped his hand aside. "Fuck off, you sicko!" I snapped.

He took a step back and shrugged. "Please thyself, little mortal. I care not. A mortal life means little to me."

As he turned away, I began to panic. This lunatic obviously knew something, and it was beginning to sound as if Mr. Lynne was in real danger. "Wait!" I cried. 

He turned back to me, eye glittering. "Yes?" 

I swallowed. "Maybe we can reach some kind of...agreement."

He smiled widely. "Ah, I thought you would see the sense in my offer." He closed the distance between us with a stride, and stood so close to me that I could feel the heat from his body. "It has been an age since a mortal woman came willingly to me," he murmured into my ear, his breath hot against my skin. I shivered as his teeth lightly nipped my ear. "Worry not," he whispered. "The pleasure will be shared."

He clicked off the flashlight and let it fall to the forest floor. In the darkness, his eyes became almost luminous. He bent his head and tilted my chin up with his hand, scrutinizing my face, his nose inches from mine. I knew that by ordinary standards, I was far from pretty, but under his frank gaze, I felt strangely desirable. 

"And so you are," he purred, apparently reading my mind yet again. "Very much indeed." This last trailed away into breath as his lips met mine in a deep, wild kiss. Desire exploded into me as he kissed me.

I had made out with guys before, of course, in a hesitating, groping way, in my basement, or behind the custodian's shed. Their kisses were sloppy, their hands grasping, and it was hardly something to get excited about. Nor was I a stranger to my own desires – I knew my body, knew my fantasies, had pleasured myself on more than one occasion.

But this...oh, this was different.

There was no hesitation in his kiss. His lips crushed against mine with a breathtaking urgency. His hands were twined into my hair, pulling me into a close embrace against his body. His breath was hot, and his tongue speared into my mouth to engage my own in a playful bout. 

Unconsciously, my body responded. Never had I felt so wanted. My arms twined around him, and I pressed against him. Too soon, too soon it was over, and he pulled away, licking his lips. I let out a little mewl of protest, and he laughed. "Strength enough you have to resist my glamour," he teased, "but no one can resist the desire of a satyr."

Something in the back of my foggy brain clicked, but before I could respond, he had pinned me up against the rough bark of a tree, and began to nuzzle at my neck. Whatever thought I had started to have drifted away as he nipped and sucked at the sensitive hollow of my throat. While his lips distracted me, his nimble fingers were working busily at the buttons of my blouse. I hadn't the will to protest as he slipped the shirt away from my unresisting body. My bra seemed to give him a moment's pause, and I heard him mutter, "Silly human devices," before leaning down and tearing the clasp away with his teeth. My breasts tumbled free, my nipples hardening in the cool night air. He gave a little growl of pleasure, low in his throat, and took one in each hand, as if testing the weight. "Lovely," he murmured. I had been told so before, but his frank admiration seemed to mean more than any catcall from my peers ever had. His tongue darted forward to caress one of my nipples, and I moaned from the sudden, electric pleasure. His lips closed around it, applying gentle suction as he swirled the tip of his tongue around the nipple. He pinched the other gently between thumb and forefinger, and I felt myself slowly sinking to the ground as my knees grew weak. He guided me with his free hand against the small of my back, and I ended up lying against the tree, with him kneeling beside me, mouth still at my breast. His sharp teeth gingerly nipped at me, and my eyes rolled back in pleasure. His hand left my back, and trailed its way down towards the growing heat between my legs.
