 Chapter 03: Hell Hath No Fury

But the night is Halloween, lady, The morn is Hallowday, Then win me, win me, an ye will, For weel I wat ye may. 

* * * 

The sword's edge barely touched me, but already I could feel a trickle of blood wind its slow way down my neck, leaving a dark trail across my naked breast. I closed my eyes, quite certain I was about to die.

However, instead of death, there was laughter.

It was a grating laugh, low and wheezing. It sent shivers down my spine. The voice that it belonged to was no less unnerving. "Lady," it said. "Lady, Lady...what is it you think to do?"

I opened my eyes. A small, wizened old woman was approaching the dais. She moved slowly, unhurriedly, and moved in a perfectly straight line, ignoring the crowd around her. They drew back from her, though whether this was from respect or fear, I couldn't tell. As she came closer to me, I saw that she was blind.

"Crone," the Lady spat. She remained haughty, but I thought I could detect a trace of fear in her perfect face. "I may rule my domain as I please. This mortal displeases me, and coming here to my place of power uninvited gives me power over her to do as I will."

Again, the crone laughed. "There are laws more ancient than your power, Lady, and you would violate the rules of a game older than your domain. The child did not give you her true name, yet gave her true quest. Trials you may give her. Death you may not. Do not violate the laws of the Tithe."

For a moment I thought the Lady was going to order her goon to turn on the crone and chop her head off with his sword so he could get on with chopping off mine, but instead she made an impatient gesture, and the sword left my throat. The blue goon sheathed it, looking a trifle disappointed, I fancied. It looked like my head would stay put for the time being.

The old woman looked satisfied. She turned to me and studied me with sightless eyes. "Know you the old tales, child?" she asked me.

"Uh...some of them," I answered honestly. For some reason, it seemed fundamentally wrong to lie her.

"That will serve you. I will give you the gift of a tale. A woman loved a man taken by fairies. On Hallow's Eve, she faced the queen of the fairies to win him back. She held fast to him as the queen changed him to a bear, a serpent, a red hot iron. She would not let him go. And so she won him. Do you understand?"

I stared at her blankly. Was she telling me that the Lady was going to turn Mr. Lynne into a bear? "Maybe?" I answered.

The crone laughed. My response seemed to please her. "Honest in speech and sight. Do not allow either to become glamoured, child."

"Uh, okay. I'll keep that in mind."

She nodded. "I look forward to observing your trials. Luck be with you." Still cackling, she moved back through the crowd. Once again, they parted to let her pass.

"Gwydion!" The Lady's voice was even more imperious than it had been, perhaps trying to make up for her brief loss of control. "Take the mortal child to my chambers." She fixed me with her steely gaze. "It is well that the Crone granted you her luck. You shall have need of it."

* * *

Out then spak the Queen o Fairies, And an angry woman was she, "Shame betide her ill-far'd face, And an ill death may she die."

* * *

The Lady's chambers might have been quite nice. I had no idea, however, because as soon as the Lady's goon had whisked me out of the banquet hall, he blindfolded me. Presumably, this was to keep me from knowing how to find my way back, but it might have been simply out of spite. He didn't untie my arms, and once we reached our destination, he dropped me on the floor like a sack of potatoes and tied me to something, perhaps the wall. I had a bit of a leash, but I couldn't move far. "I don't suppose you could give me some clothes?" I asked hopefully. He didn't answer, and I heard the sound of his retreating footsteps. 

Once I was certain he was gone, I scooted forward a bit to see if I could discern my immediate surroundings. My hands were still tied, so I swept my leg around in a wide arc in front of me. My toe poked something soft. I was pretty sure it was a pillow. Nothing else seemed to be in my vicinity, so I grabbed the pillow with my toes and awkwardly managed to shuffle it under my butt. No point in being uncomfortable while I sat here and waited for whatever the fairies had in store for me. I leaned back against the wall, which was cold, and waited.

I must have fallen asleep, because a groan woke me. I shook my head groggily. "Who's there?"

Another groan. Then: "Ah, the little mortal." It was my satyr.

"You okay?" I asked. I wasn't sure I wanted to know what the fairies had done to him.

It seemed to be an effort for him to speak. "I do not think 'okay' is the word to describe it," he answered wryly. "But I will live."

"Can I do anything?" 

He gave a snort of laughter which turned into a moan. "No...no, little one, you are to be part of my torment, I am afraid."

Before I could respond to this, someone else entered the room. "Remove her blindfold," snapped a gorgeously imperious voice. The Lady.

Footsteps beside me, then a pair of hands untied the cloth around my eyes. The chamber was large, and with the same faded, dilapidated sort of riches that I has seen in the great hall. The floor was strewn with pillows of all sizes and colors – pillows in pillowcases that looked as if they had been stolen from a hotel, cushions embroidered with tassels and sequins, pillows that could have come off my grandmother's couch, even one of those tacky inflatable pillows you can get at Wal-Mart. There were a few low couches, the largest of which was occupied by the Lady. She lounged in it gracefully. At her elbow, a small, dog-like fairy balanced a tray of delicacies on its head, which she was popping into her mouth one at a time. Every time her perfect lips closed over a morsel of food, it was like a seduction. Part of me felt jealous of her snacks.

Next to me stood one of the big blue guys. He was untying my leash from the wall. On one of the smaller couches, within reach of the Lady, lay my poor satyr. He was bound to it with ropes, his hands and feet tied quite tightly. Large, wicked-looking thorns pierced both of his nipples, and his muscular chest was stained with trickles of blood. The main source of his torment, however, appeared to be his throbbingly hard penis. A bit of cord was tied tightly around the base. The head was a bright, angry purple, and the veins stood out in stark relief. He saw me staring, and let out another moan.

The Lady smiled wickedly. "Oh, poor Glais," she cooed. "To see what you, by your nature, most desperately want, and to be denied!" She reached out a delicate hand and caressed his cock. He let out a strangled noise, and thrashed against his bonds. Leaving her hand there, her eyes met mine. "A satyr is a creature of desire," she explained to me conversationally, as her fingers continued to torment Glais. "Their essence is the very distillation of it. Nothing is a greater torment to them than to be forbidden what they want. And Glais," she continued, giving the satyr's penis a squeeze, "wants you. And I shall take great pleasure in denying him."

The motion of her hand on Glais was mesmerizing. Again, I felt the same uncontrollable lust that I had felt in the hall. It made speaking difficult, but I managed. "Lady, you are sick."

She smiled at me, and I felt weak, and a trickle of wetness appeared between my legs. "Oh, I shall enjoy breaking you," she purred. "But first, I shall enjoy breaking darling Glais." She gave his bulging member a final squeeze, then motioned to Big Blue. "Gwydion, begin."

The blue man responded by jerking me to my feet. He led me over to the unoccupied couch. This one reminded me of an upholstered lawn chair. He forced me to lie on it, with my head and torso propped up against its sloped back. Deftly, he untied my hands, and reattached them to restraints on either side of the couch. Once my arms were secured, he swung my feet up and secured them, as well. When we was finished, I lay with my head and torso propped up, my arms hanging on either side of the couch and slightly back, firmly attached to the floor. My legs were slung over each side of the couch, with each ankle attached to restraints in the floor. I was, in other words, completely exposed. 

The Lady rose languidly, and crossed to my side. A single finger reached out and lightly touched my left nipple. It was like an electric shock ran through my whole body. My nipple instantly hardened and began to throb. I felt the wetness pooling between my legs. I bit my lip, but couldn't stop the moan that escaped me. 

The Lady laughed, and it was beautiful. "Mortals are so simple," she teased. She ran her hand over my left breast, and let it linger over my right, barely coming in contact with the skin. I strained towards her helplessly. She looked over at Glais before taking my right nipple firmly in her fingers and twisting it. I thrashed helplessly and screamed. I had never felt anything so intense. It felt like small explosions were going off in my brain. My eyes couldn't focus on Glais, but I heard him let out an agonized moan.

"You want her, Glais, don't you?" the Lady murmured, as she continued to caress my nipples. "You want to touch her young breasts, and take her hard little nipples between your lips, and suck and nip and lick them until she writhes beneath you in pleasure. Just as I am doing." Writhing was pretty much exactly what I was doing. I couldn't see straight, or think, or even make much more of a sound then a soft, strangled, continuous mewling. One hand reached up to gently trace my lips. Her finger parted them, and I suckled at it eagerly, craving her taste, her touch. "Look, Glais!" the Lady crooned. "She pleasures my finger as she would your cock, your poor, throbbing, aching cock. Her tongue is soft, her mouth is warm. She is eager." 

It was getting difficult to hear the Lady's voice over our combined moans. She took her hands from me, and pulled a trailing scrap of emerald satin from the hem of her dress. She balled it up, and turned to Glais and shoved it in his mouth. "There," she said sweetly. "Now you can better hear the screams of your little mortal." She turned back to me, and trailed her fingers down my belly, leaving shivery trails of sensation on my skin. She brushed my mons, and I almost screamed. Then her fingers brushed my clit, and I did scream. My whole body seemed to be on fire as she rubbed it, and I nearly fainted when she slipped two fingers inside me. 

She withdrew from me for a moment to cross back to Glais and rub my juices over his straining cock. His eyes rolled back in his head, and he bucked against her. Then, she coated her other hand in the pre-cum that dripped from the head of his cock, then returned to me and rubbed the sticky fluid onto my pussy. She held both hands in front of her for a moment, seeming to contemplate them. Glais was staring at her with an expression of combined terror and longing. She grinned wickedly at him, and then clasped her hands together. Glais screamed against his gag, and thrust his hips upwards.

My eyes widened and I let out a scream of my own as I felt my pussy lips part and an impossibly hard, impossibly invisible cock slammed into me. The Lady laughed at my astonishment, and bent to whisper in my ear as the phantom penis pounded into me. I could barely make sense of her words. "It's an enchantment of my own devising." Her breath tickled my ear, sending further shivers of delight through my body. "He feels as if he is ravishing you, and your body responds accordingly. But! The delightfully inconvenient thing about magic is that it can never create truth, only an illusion. So he will continue to thrust himself into you until his body is too exhausted to go on, but neither of you will ever achieve satisfaction." She laughed. "Of course, satyrs are renowned for their stamina, so it could take quite awhile. And I shall enjoy every second of it." She bit down savagely on my earlobe, but the pain only added to the pleasure. My mind was filled with a haze of lust, and she spoke very softly, so I couldn't be sure, but I thought she added, "Thomas Lynne is mine."

Then she left my side, and I lost all sense of time. All I could feel was the satyr's huge, hard cock fucking me hard and fast and desperately. I burned with longing and lust, and constantly felt the beginning electric tingle that heralded the onset of a climax, but it never grew from a tingle, and I howled my frustration. I struggled against my bonds, and when Glais began to tire, I thrust my hips instead, grinding myself against nothing but feeling full and longing for release. I tired much more quickly, but my efforts reawakened Glais' desperate lust. I don't know how long he continued to fuck me from across the room, but long before it was over, I slipped into darkness.