 "Ooh, yeah! Harder! Harder! Aaiiiiiiiigh!" Lisa shrieked as she came. The man beneath her came at the same time, spurting his hot seed into Lisa's cunt. As they both collapsed, a knock came at the door. Growling at the intrusion into her blissful state, Lisa said, "Come in, come in. What do you want?"

"Lisa, the captain wants you on- Oh! Er, hi there... I didn't know someone else was in here, Lisa... Or that you were both naked... I'll just... come back later then?"

With that, Anna stepped out of her sister's room, blushing in embarrassment. Still wondering why her sister hadn't told her she wasn't alone, Anna walked to the elevator down the hall, and took it to the bridge. 

As she waited for the slow elevator to take her to the top of the ship, Anna examined herself in its mirrored walls. She had never really worried about how she looked, but good looks came naturally. She kept slim by exercising regularly in the ship's gym, but always felt that her boobs were too big. They were quite a bit bigger than her sisters, and she was always embarrassed when strangers stared at them. Her uniform didn't help, revealing as it was.

All of the women had to wear uniforms, as mandated by the captain. Anna's uniform consisted of a white and blue one-piece. It had a gap that began a few inches below her nipples, and tapered past her bellybutton, revealing the underside of her boobs and her flat tummy. The rest of it clung to her tightly, showing off her tight physique and ass.

Anna was the cook aboard the SS Titties. Anna always blushed when she thought of the name, but it was quite apt, as most of the crew were quite well-endowed. It was not the largest ship, as it only had six crew members. They worked for the Confederation Navy, as a science and scouting ship. Their usual assignment involved visiting uncharted worlds, both to explore and determine whether they were compatible with human life. Jake was the captain, and the only man on the ship. Lisa, Anna's sister, whom she had just seen, was the pilot. Kate was the engineer, responsible for keeping the ship up and running. Alex was the gunner; she was blonde, and not the most intelligent woman Lisa had ever met. Lily was the scientist and doctor; she was in the medical bay at the moment, performing a routine checkup on Kate.

As the elevator doors opened, Anna saw that the captain's chair was facing away from her, and she couldn't see him. As she walked out of the elevator, she also noticed that Alex was missing from her post, where she had been when Anna left to fetch her sister. As she walked around the bridge, going to tell the captain what Lisa had said, she heard a strange moaning sound. It sounded like the captain. Oh no! Maybe he's in trouble!  Anna thought with worry. She hurried around the chair, only to find the captain sitting there with his pants around his thighs. Alex was on her knees in front of him, with the captain's cock in her mouth, her head bobbing up and down. Anna, surprised, said, "Oh! Alex! I'm sorry! Um, captain, I just came to tell you that, er, Lisa was kinda... Busy with someone. I think she'll be up here sometime, or something..."

Blushing once more, Anna began to back up. Alex withdrew the captain's dick from her mouth, saying, "Oh, Lisa! Don't be sorry, the captain here was just giving me my daily dose of semen."

"Um, daily dose...?" Anna asked, still embarrassed.

"Yes, semen is actually really healthy, the captain told me. He says that it's full of proteins that help women's complexions. I think it's made me look so much better!"

"Er, if you say so, captain." Anna said, not quite believing the blonde.

She began to turn around, wanting to get back to the elevator and out of this awkward situation. Alex said, "You're welcome to stay! You could even get a dose of semen with me! I'm sure the captain has enough to share."

Anna, blushing even more, said, "Er, I'll pass, thanks. I just remembered, I needed to get something from my room. Or something."

With that, she rushed out of the bridge, and into the elevator. She mashed the door close button, and sighed. Well, maybe Kate and Lily can give me some company, she thought to herself as she hit the button for the sick bay.

The doors opened, and she walked in. Kate sat on an exam table, and Lily stood by her.

Lily was quite the beautiful woman. She had large breasts, and was extremely curvy. Her shoulder-length auburn hair contrasted nicely with the white outfit assigned to her by the captain. It was another one-piece skintight suit, this time with a deep V that extended all the way down to her pussy. In fact, Anna thought she could even see a few stray pussy hairs. The V cut between her boobs, revealing them almost up to the nipples. It was a significantly more revealing outfit than Anna's.

Kate was sitting in an examination gown. As the engineer had the biggest boobs on the ship, the gown didn't really fit. The sides of her breasts were poking out of the sides. The gown was hanging open at the back as well. It may be the 23rd century, but the captain still ordered these exposing exam gowns. They sure had come a long way.

"Oh hey, Anna, what's up?"

"Oh, just looking for some company. I think we'll be taking off sometime soon, but everyone else is... busy."

"Well, you're welcome to stay here. I'm sure Kate doesn't mind if you sit in?" the doctor asked.

Kate replied, "Not at all! The more's the merrier."

Anna sat down on one of the nearby chairs while Lily got started on her examination. "Well, Anna, Kate came in here complaining of nipple sensitivity. I'll start by asking her to remove her gown from her breasts, so that I can examine them freely."

Kate obliged, letting the gown slip off of her mountainous boobs. She really does have the biggest breasts on the ship, Anna thought.

"Next, I'll validate her complaint. That means I have to test it."

Lily reached forward, grasping one of Kate's nipples in each hand. She began twisting and pinching them, eliciting a low moan of pleasure. "Um, Lily, are you sure this is right? It doesn't seem very medical..." Anna asked, wondering why Kate seemed to find this so pleasurable.

"Oh, of course it is! Just because a procedure is highly arousing doesn't mean it can't also be medical. Isn't that right, Kate?"

Kate moaned a yes. Anna, becoming uncomfortable once more, said, "Er, you know, I think I left the stove on. Wouldn't want to burn dinner or anything!"

With that, she rushed into the elevator, the sounds of Kate's pleasure resounding around the sick bay.

As the elevator passed the living deck, it slowed to a halt. The doors slid silently open, and Anna's sister, Lisa, stepped in. She was dressed this time, in her uniform.

Lisa probably had one of the most revealing uniforms on the ship. Suction-cup coverings clung to her nipples, concealing them from view. However, the edge of her areolae were visible, as was pretty much all of her boobs. The bottom part of her uniform was just a small plastic piece that concealed her pussy. Anna didn't even see how it stayed on, as it had no ties or straps. Lisa's ass was completely bare.

Anna was always somewhat ashamed at the amount of flesh her sister was showing.

"I think we're taking off, Lisa... Is your, uhh, friend, off the ship?"

"Friend? He was just a good fuck."

Anna blushed, and said, "Oh... Well, uh, is he gone?"

"Yeah, he left. We can take off."

Soon the elevator arrived on the bridge. Alex was back at her post, and back in her uniform. 

Alex was another stunningly beautiful woman. A typical blonde bombshell, she had pretty big boobs, which were accentuated by her uniform. The gunner had a fairly tight, blue outfit, with a plunging neckline that showed off her cleavage.

Kate, the ship's engineer, was on the ship's main screen. She was the only member of the crew who didn't have a uniform, instead having the freedom to choose her own outfit. That usually consisted of overalls, and possibly a thong if she was feeling conservative. Her current pair of overalls were far too small, and her boobs were totally unconcealed by the straps. As she turned around to tinker with something on the engine, Anna saw that the back was low enough to put most of her butt on display as well.

She gave a thumbs up on the screen, meaning that the ship was ready to launch, and the captain gave the order. Lisa, who had sat down in the front of the ship, started maneuvering thrusters, and moved the ship away from the docking station. Once they were far enough, she engaged the main thrusters, and the ship shot away.

Once they had cleared the star's gravity well, Lisa turned on the antimatter drive, and kicked it into high gear. The ship shot away across the universe, carrying its cargo of captain and five buxom women.