 Chapter 04: Thomas Lynne

Four and twenty ladies fair Were playing at the ball, br> And out then came the fair Janet, br> The flower among them all. 

* * *

It's probably the wet dream of every fantasy nerd in all of Creation to be kidnapped by the Queen of the Fairies, but it sure as Hell wasn't mine.

I only half-believed in them, anyway; good Christians tend to lump them in with demons, and I was only an okay Christian, so I only half-believed in demons, too. The Screwtape Letters might have changed how I look at sin, but it couldn't change the logical way in which I viewed the world, and demons were far from logical. I suppose I'll have to reevaluate all of that, now. But then, I'm going to have to reevaluate a lot of things.

I guess it all started when I met her, the unbearably precocious and kind and pretty and utterly unobtainable little freshman that was Sarah Warren. It was a small school; people like her stood out. In my experience, they were usually the ones who were left out, too. I certainly had been, in my years here as a student, though my parents had donated the school's gym, so no one was ever outwardly cruel to me. I just sort of drifted by on the sidelines, buoyed up by Tolkien, Dungeons and Dragons, Star Wars, and my parents' status. 

I suspect that's how I got this job in the first place. My parents' status, I mean, not the nerdy stuff. Fresh out of undergrad, but without the grades or the inclination to apply to graduate school, I needed something to do, and lo! A computer technician position at my alma mater opened up. So it was my first year, too, and as the youngest member of the faculty by about ten years, I was a bit of an outcast, myself.

I approached her one day, sitting by herself in the cafeteria, reading Tolkien's Silmarillion with one hand and absently shoveling mac n' cheese into her mouth with the other. I casually sat next to her and slid a small, black book into her line of vision. She glanced down and let out the squeal of delight that all geeks associate with the inevitable nerdgasm elicited by a particularly exciting piece of fandom. "They make Quenya dictionaries?!" she exclaimed, her face more animated in that one moment than I had seen it in the first three weeks of school. (For the uninitiated, Quenya is one of J.R.R. Tolkien's invented Elvish languages, and only huge nerds own the dictionaries.) I spent the rest of that lunch period and three study halls over the next week explaining the finer points of the pronunciation and grammar, and soon she was happily composing Elvish poems about trees and chattering on about her favorite characters in his books. I lent her my battered copy of The Unfinished Tales, and she lent me her much-annotated copy of Tolkien's translation of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, which I hadn't even known had existed. We moved on from there, trading books (my Neil Gaiman for her Thomas Mallory), Magic the Gathering cards (my extra elves for her unused black cards), and video games (my Zelda for her Final Fantasy). Other faculty members praised me warmly for "bringing that sweet Warren girl out of her shell." Life was good.

My doomed attraction was inevitable, really. It's not like most nerdy guys have chicks lining up at the door. Nerdy girls are at a premium. All of the cute ones are taken, and most of the ugly ones are, too. If you've got a vagina and know the difference between a d10 and a d20, you will have no problems getting laid, I promise you. Even in college I hadn't met any single nerdy girls, and in my small hometown, I even had trouble finding guys to play D&D with. I didn't even realize it was happening at first. I found more excuses to stop by her study hall and "fix" the computers there. I bought her rare magic cards. I took her to see X-Men. She's my friend, I told myself. We're just good friends. It certainly was more than a professional student-teacher relationship, but it was a small, private school, so such things were tolerated. 

I remember the day I realized that she had left "friend" territory far behind. Good Christians don't watch porn, but as I've mentioned before, I'm only an okay Christian, so I do. Beyond this, I am also male and 23 years old, and I was, at that time, still a virgin. Maybe it was a sin, but slave Leia had been inspiring woodies since the advent of the Star Wars remasters, and the Internet had been providing relief since, well, the advent of the internet. I watched a lot of hentai, usually the fantasy stuff: big, buff knight saves scantily clad elf from being violated by demons, and then fucks her, that kind of thing. However, during those months that I had grown closer to Sarah, I started watching a lot of schoolgirl hentai. That day, my eyes glued to the screen of my laptop, my hand gripping my painfully hard cock, I watched the animated girl bent over a desk and sucking her teacher's dick, moaning, "Sensei! Sensei!" As I neared release, I closed my eyes, and it was Sarah's face I saw, lips tight around the head of my cock, moaning and staring up at me with need. I tried to push the image guiltily from my head, but instead I was coming harder than I think I ever had before that moment. When I came down from my post-orgasmic high, I closed the laptop and stared blankly at the wall. This was the kind of thing that got teachers fired and thrown in jail. I was loathe to lose my best friend, but now that I had realized the truth, I didn't trust myself. I decided it was time to put some distance between us.

It hurt. It hurt to come up with excuses to avoid playing Magic after school, to hide from her when a new superhero movie was out. I missed her terribly. But I was terrified of what I felt for her. Now that I was conscious of my desire, her presence, her voice, her laugh made my cock stiff and my chest ache. I wanted her so badly. She's a freshman, I kept telling myself, but, inevitably I had to lock myself in the faculty restroom and find release to visions of her face, her breasts, her imaginary moans. 

During this time, she grew visibly thinner and retreated back into the shell she had lived in prior to our friendship. She didn't seem to be eating much in the cafeteria. I overheard a the girls' gym teacher discussing in hushed tones with another female faculty member the strange cuts that she had noticed on Sarah's arms when she was changing in gym. She's got allergies and doesn't feel well, I told myself. Her family has a cat. Lying to myself did nothing to assuage the guilt that gnawed at me constantly.

March 23. A Tuesday. She wasn't in school. It was the end of winter, everyone was out with the flu, so I don't know why I was worried, but I was. I was sick with it. I knew something was wrong. As soon as school was over, I grabbed the copy of The Mists of Avalon that I had been meaning to give back to her for two months, but hadn't, because I liked having to potential excuse to talk to her, and drove to her house. I thought was going to throw up. I practically ran up the walk to her front door and knocked with far too much force. I stood there for a moment, vibrating with impatience and fear, but no one came to the door. I knew both of her parents worked, but she was supposed to be home sick. I squinted into the window by the door. The house was dark. Maybe she was asleep? In my gut, though, I knew that wasn't the case.

I walked around the back of the house, and looked in a few of those windows. I knew I was technically trespassing, but I couldn't make myself leave until I knew that she was okay. Down at the bottom of her yard is a tree house. The family who lived here before hers had a small child, and the father had built it for him. I remembered Sarah telling me that her parents had wanted to sell it, but she had claimed it as her own, fixing it up with paint and old windowpanes, and converting it into her own little private haven, full of books and her journals. She kept it padlocked so her parents wouldn't come snooping around. Even I had never been up there. Stomach twisting with dread, I climbed the ladder and pushed open the door.

She was so, so pale, her lips tinged blue, her chest barely fluttering with labored breaths. She lay on the wooden floor. A spilled glass of water pooled beside her. Like a tiny, invading army, ranks of small blue pills were lined up neatly by her head. The cold, logical part of my brain, the part that wasn't screaming, counted 63 pills. Two empty 42-pill Unisom boxes lay discarded near the bookshelf. She took 21 pills, my brain informed me. 1050 mg. Potentially lethal overdose. My hands were trembling. I noticed because I had my cell phone and I was dialing 911. The voice that explained the situation to the dispatcher didn't sound like my own. Stay calm, the woman on the line said. Stay with her until the ambulance arrives. Make sure she keeps breathing. 

I put down the phone and took her in my arms. She was so light. My face was wet. She was so cold. I listened to her breathe. The hospital was on the other side of town. I prayed. Next to her little army of pills, her journal lay open. I flipped a page. Lines and lines of neat, Elven script. I almost smiled. Why lock away your journals when your parents wouldn't even be able to read them? "How can I hate him so much?" I read. Elven letters, said my brain, English words. Tolkien's made-up vocabulary probably isn't quite adequate for the musings of a twenty-first century teenager. The rest of me ignored my brain and trembled to realize she was writing about me.

I flipped back a page. "What did I do wrong? He doesn't even look at me properly anymore, but through me, like he wishes I wasn't there. I hate being alone." Back a few more. "It's not like I have anyone else to hang out with. All my classmates are either idiots or assholes. He's not an idiot, but he's being an asshole." Back a few more. A longer entry. "I dreamed about him again," I read. Despite myself, my pulse quickened. 

"I go down to his office. Dream logic makes it bigger than it is. I stand in the doorway. Dream logic dresses me in a short skirt and a tank top. Dream logic fucks the school dress code. He doesn't look up from his laptop. "Sarah," he says. "Come here." 

I can do nothing but obey. I stand beside him. He closes his laptop, gets to his feet, moves behind me, so close I can feel his warmth. He places his hand on the back of my neck, gently massages the muscles. I lean into his touch. His breath is hot in my ear. "Bend over, Sarah," he murmurs, and pushes my head down to the desk. 

I feel his hips grind against my ass. He holds my head still with one hand, and with the other, runs his fingers over my panties. "You're wet, Sarah," he says. I am. Dripping. He pulls aside the crotch of my panties, rubs my clit. I squirm. I moan. "You are so wet. Have you been thinking about my cock, Sarah?" 

"Yes," I moan. "All day."

"Did you think about me fucking you, Sarah?"

"Yes."

"Did you have to touch yourself?"

"Yes," I whisper. I blush. "In English..."

He pushes a finger inside of me. I'm so wet, it slides in with no resistance. "In English?" he prompts.

"I got so horny," I pant, "I slipped my pen under my desk and put it inside me."

"Did you fuck yourself with it? Did you pretend it was me inside of you?"

"Yes. Yes."

He adds another finger. "Did you come?"

"Yes."

"In front of everyone?"

"Yes."

Another finger. "Did anyone notice?"

"No..."

"You're not sure."

"No one noticed."

He removes his fingers. I ache with emptiness. "You're such a slut, Sarah." He slams his cock into me. I moan. He moans. "You're my slut," he says, and fucks me there, on his desk, fast and hard and rough and I scream and moan and writhe. I come over and over and he moans and tells me how good my cunt feels on his cock and how much he loves to fuck me and fuck me and make me come on his cock. I moan that I love his cock I love it and..."

I forced myself to stop reading. I was rock hard, painfully hard, my protruding cock pushing lewdly against the small of Sarah's back. I was disgusted with myself, but also glad, so glad, that here was proof, here was certain proof that she wanted me as much as I wanted her. Wanted me enough to kill herself when she couldn't get me. I think I was crying again. I cradled her head and brought to my face. "I love you, I love you," I whispered. I kissed her cold lips.

And of course. Of course. Of course that's when her mother threw open the door.

* * *

Hold your tongue, ye old fac'd knight, Some ill death may ye die! Father my bairn on whom I will, I'll father none on thee. 

* * *

I spent the night in jail. Mrs. Warren was convinced I had drugged her child and intended to rape her. The testimony of the paramedics was all that kept her from pressing charges, and the presence of the suicide note that I had overlooked, crumpled in her hand, stained with tears and sweat. It, too, in Elvish. They brought me a photocopy to translate.

"I'm sorry," it said. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I love you. I love you. I love you."

That was all.

Even though the attempted rape was cleared up, it was pretty clear to all parties involved that something untoward was happening between Sarah and myself. Inappropriate teacher-student relationship, her parents, her doctors, my bosses said. My parents managed to raise enough hell to keep me in my job, but only just. They wouldn't let me contact her in the hospital. Not even a card. Only by listening to the faculty room gossip was I able to glean any knowledge of her condition. Then it was summer break, and even that was denied me. 

A week before school started, and I was called in for a meeting. Sarah Warren was returning to school, I was told. Her doctors felt it would be too stressful to transfer. I was ordered to treat her exactly as any other student. Any inappropriate contact, any rumor of inappropriate, and I would be fired, no questions. Did I understand? I said I did. What else could I say? At least I would see her.

Those first few weeks were hard for her, I could tell. I stayed away from her, afraid of what I might do or say if I made contact, but I watched her constantly. She was thinner, her eyes sadder, her hair longer. She was beautiful.

At the beginning of October, Mr. Gerald, the physics teacher, approached me. His TA was sick and he needed someone to help with the first meeting of Rocket Club. Of course, I said. I stayed after school in the cool autumn air and helped him set up the soccer field. A few of the math nerds arrived early, greeted me. One, a bespectacled and painfully thin Asian-American named Sean, asked me if I had played the new Zelda game. We were engrossed in a debate about its relative merits as compared to Ocarina of Time as we set up his rocket, when one of his friends suddenly snickered.

"Dude, shut up," Sean snapped. "You thought Zelda was hot in the last game, and the graphics weren't even as good..." He trailed off as his eyes followed his friend's gaze, and he stole a guilty look at me. I stood and turned, grabbing my bag. 

We stared at each other for a long moment, Sarah and I, her sad green eyes boring into mine. I thought she might say something, but she blushed and turned away as someone in the bleachers made a catcall. I sighed and turned back to Sean and his friend. They were laughing. I am not a violent man (one way in which I do manage to be a good Christian, although it may just be cowardice), but God, I wanted to haul off and hit those kids. I refrained, though, and strode over to Mr. Gerald to see if we could get things underway. He gave me a sympathetic look, but said nothing. We began the meeting. I felt her eyes on me as she tried and failed to not look at me.

It was going to be a long fucking night.