 Chapter 02: The Feast of Souls

"Why pulls thou the rose?And why breaks thou the stem? Or why comes to CarterhaughWithoutten my command?"

* * *

The first thing that I noticed when I awoke was the noise. Voices of all kinds were raised around me, in conversation, conflict and song, some in English, some in what sounded like Spanish or French, most in a language that I could not name. Screams, laughter and moans filled what few silences broke through the talking, and above it all, I heard discordant music, something that sounded like a strange, high-pitched synthesis of bluegrass and heavy metal.

I slowly opened my eyes and sat up. 

Only to have all the rest of my senses bombarded. A riot of colors and scents assaulted me from all sides. I was in a vast, dim hall, lit by candles, torches and strange glowing blue lights that bobbed near the ceiling. The walls were draped with a rainbow of tapestries, embroidered with bright thread and sparkling gems. They must have been beautiful once, but were now soot-blackened and moth-eaten, limp with half-remembered glory. The floor was cluttered with a an explosion of furniture, mostly tables and chairs, with an occasional bed or sofa thrown in among the mix. The furniture looked as if it had been stolen from the dumpster of a history museum – battered Victorian chaise lounges shared space with rusted metal folding chairs and dusty thrones. Huge, elaborately carved banqueting tables stood next to card tables and even crates covered with table cloths to create makeshift tables. Every available flat surface was piled with food and drink of every imaginable kind, and then some. The smell of it was overpowering, delicious scents of apple pie and spiced wine mixing sickeningly with the stink of rotten meat and spoiled milk. 

It was the people, however, that convinced me that I was no longer in Kansas. There seemed to be hundreds of them, all different shapes and sizes. Many could have passed for odd or deformed, but still recognizably human, with strangely-colored hair or skin, or extra joints or fingers, but most were something altogether different. I saw several more satyrs, one of whom was dancing with an impossibly thin woman with dragonfly wings and a wig that appeared to be made entirely of ladybugs. Behind her, a pair of tiny men with mouse ears and tails sat on a table, eating hunks of cheese bigger than themselves. At the other end of the room, an enormous man loomed over the crowd, at least ten or eleven feet tall. He held a woman with the tail of a fox in one hand and was stroking her tail with the other, to the apparent enjoyment of the woman. Three short, squat men with pointed teeth and violently red, pointed hats were taking turns twisting the legs off of an enormous centipede, which was screaming its pain in an ear-splittingly high wail. It was chaos.

And I was sitting in the middle of it, stark naked.

"Welcome," a voice said loudly in my ear. I bit back a scream before I realized that it was my satyr friend. He crouched beside me, apparently at ease.

"Welcome where?" I demanded, trying vainly to cover my nakedness. "And where are my clothes?"

My companion blinked. "Ah, I forget that humans cannot simply create more with glamour." He squinted his eyes at me and blinked a few times. He sat there doing that for about a minute, until it started to look as if he were having some kind of fit. Finally, he sat back on his heels – or hooves, rather – and gave a perplexed sigh. "It is odd to me that glamor does not work on you, little mortal." He shrugged off his flannel shirt and handed it to me. I took it grudgingly. It was better than nothing. When I put it on and buttoned it up, it practically fit me like a dress anyway.

"Now I will give you some advice," he said, once I was situated. "You have read the old tales, yes?"

"What, like fairy tales?"

"Your people call them so, yes."

"So...you're saying...you...they...all this...fairies?" The last word squeaked in my throat. The satyr looked amused by my sudden inability to speak coherently.

"We are called many things, little mortal. The Folk, the Sidhe, the Good Neighbors, the Fey, many things in many languages. Stories have been told of our kind for as long as mortals have had language to tell them. Now. Remember that although it has been clouded by generations of retelling, there is still truth to be found in the tales. You will have some advantage here because of your apparent immunity to glamour; you will be able to see things as they truly are. Seek your friend. He will be in the possession of the Lady of this Court. How you will find him, I do not know. I have already told you more than I should." He stood. "May you have luck."

"Thank you," I said, genuinely grateful. He seemed completely sincere, and besides, it had been sweet of him to give me his shirt. He nodded to me briefly, then turned an disappeared into the crowd.

When he was gone, I sighed and sat back against the wall. Remember the old tales, he has said. Well, what did I remember? I knew that in lots of fairy tales, the fairies were the bad guys, but I also knew lots of others that contained benevolent fairies. So there were good and bad ones, just like people. I'd met one pretty good one. There must be more. Also, I remembered that when humans visited the fairies, they weren't supposed to eat the food. I could deal with that, I'd just eaten dinner. Beyond that, most of the food didn't look that appetizing, anyway. And a lot of it seemed to consist of mushrooms. 

What else...? Changelings. There were lots of stories about fairies stealing children and leaving other fairies in their place, or even blocks of wood with spells on them to look like children. I remembered reading once that they did it because it was difficult for fairies to have their own kids, and introducing human blood into their family trees helped to strengthen them. Mr. Lynne isn't a child, though, I thought. So what could they possibly want...oh. I blushed a deep crimson as the implications sank in. There was more than one way to strengthen fairy stock...

"'Ere's a toothsome one, eh?"

The rough voice snapped me out of my thoughts, and brought me scrambling to my feet. Two fairies were leering at me. One, a diminutive individual who looked not unlike a garden gnome, leered up at me, and the other, a tall, willowy man with hair made of branches and vines and skin the color of rich mahogany, leered down. Their expressions, however, were identical, their eyes full of lustful predation.

"Not wearin' much, are ye, lass?" the gnome snickered. "Bin havin' a bit o' fun already?"

"Oh...loads," I said quickly, summoning up as much false bravado as I could. "My boyfriend just went to get me a drink, actually. He should be back any minute now."

The gnome and the tree man exchanged a glance, and then burst into laughter. At least the gnome did, letting loose a hearty guffaw that probably could be heard clear across the room. The tree man's branches quivered, rustling together as if blown by a stiff breeze, and his eyes danced with mirth. His mouth didn't move, and I was startled to realize that his skin wasn't merely the color of wood, but was in fact actual wood, and his face was carved into the surface of it.

The gnome grinned up at me. "Boyfriends! They's a mortal thing, don't think we don't know that! Ye've not bin here long, lass, have ye? Who do ye serve?"

I panicked under the surface, but managed to keep my composure. I was in way over my head, and I knew it, but I had to try to maintain control of this situation. "You probably don't know him," I hazarded.

"Ye'd be surprised who I know, lass. I bin 'round a long, long time, I has. Is it one o' the red cappies? 'Taint no shame in that. They's hard masters, but they'll keep ye safe."

The tree man rustled again, and the gnome looked up at him. "Ye think?" More rustling. "Ach, they don't just fall in no more, laddie, an' the Lady has her little toy already, eh?"

I snapped my attention from figuring out how to get out of this mess to what the gnome was saying. This "Lady," again. And perhaps the "toy" was...?

"Has...has she had her...toy for very long?" I asked casually.

The gnome looked at me oddly. "Nay! What do ye think the feast be for? To celebrate his comin'!" He turned back to the tree man. "Mebbe ye're right! Or her master's been slippin' her too much o' the lamneth. Or mebbe she's touched in th' 'ead."

None of these options sounded particularly promising, especially since I had no idea what lamneth was, but I decided that being "touched in th' 'ead" was certainly something I could emulate, so I leaned down so that my eyes were level with the gnome's, and said very seriously, "My head has been touched by an angel."

I realized my mistake when the gnome's eyes bulged almost out of his head, and without giving any indication that he had heard a word I had said, or taking his eyes from my now terribly exposed chest, said to his friend in a loud stage whisper, "Will ye look at th' bubbies on that one!" The tree rustled in agreement.

I stood up quickly, pulling the flannel shirt closer to my body. "Hey!"

"Eh, if she be belongin' to someone, they's obviously not takin' proper care of her, lettin' her wander 'round dressed in nothin', temptin' honest Folk." The gnome said conversationally to his friend, reaching for me.

I backed against the wall. "Don't touch me!" I demanded. 

The gnome leered at me. "Oh, we be plannin' to do a bit more than touch ye, lass." He pinned me against the wall with surprising strength for a person who barely came up to my waist. The tree man closed in, and deftly undid the buttons of my shirt in one swift motion with his long, supple fingers. He and the gnome looked at me appreciatively. The tree man's leaves twitched, and the gnome nodded. "Aye. Lovely bubbies." He reached up with one hoary hand and tweaked one of my nipples. I yelped and tried to kick him, but he used his body to crush my leg up against the wall. "None o' that now!"

The tree man reached up to his head, and plucked one of the vines growing there, as a person might pluck out a strand of hair. He handed it to the gnome, whose face brightened. "Aye! Good idea, laddie!" Swiftly, he reached up and grabbed my hands before I could react. He bound them together tightly with the vine. The tree man then reached down, grabbed me around the waist an hoisted me up over his shoulder as if I weighed nothing. He rustled a question at the gnome, who answered, "Aye, over there, in th' corner's some sturdy roots handy."

"Hey!" I yelled, struggling. "Put me down!"

"Ach, hush, lass, afore we gag ye," the gnome responded unconcernedly, and led the way over to a darker corner of the cavern where several substantial tree roots hung down from the ceiling. A small creature with a pig's face and crab's claws crouched in the shadows, gnawing on something that looked suspiciously like the leg of a cat. The gnome shooed it off, and it hissed at him. The tree man plunked me down unceremoniously, and before I could scramble to my feet, had plucked another vine, wrapped it around one of the sturdier looking roots, and tied my hands to it. I yanked at it, but it held fast. I stood, glaring, fully exposed with the flannel shirt hanging off my shoulders, and my arms fastened securely above my head. The gnome cackled with glee. His little rough hands lost no time in reaching up and grabbing at my breasts. "Soft as feather pillows, they is!" he crowed.

The tree man reached out, apparently to test the gnome's claim, and his smooth, branch-like fingers danced delicately over the skin of my breasts. I shivered as his fingers brushed my nipples. Shooing the gnome's hands away, the tree man bent, and fastened his carved lips upon my right nipple. The sensation was bizarre, the smooth wood of his face brushing deliciously against the sensitive skin. He tongue felt like damp moss, and scrapped gently across the skin, making me moan. The gnome cackled again. "Always had a touch for the lasses, ye did!"

As the tree man continued to lick and suck my nipples, I felt something hard ad smooth rubbing against my thigh. I risked a look down. Protruding from a knothole in the tree man's groin was a perfectly detailed phallus, carved from the same rich mahogany that his face was. It was cool against my leg, and very, very hard. Just looking at it made me wet. 

The gnome stood a little ways away, egging his companion on. He had undone the front of his pants, and was stroking a hard cock that looked ridiculously large on him. His eyes met mine, and he gave me a gap-toothed grin. "Aye, lassie! See what ye've done t' me?" I watched in horrified fascination as he pumped his cock harder and groaned.

The tree man took advantage of my distraction, and his hardness was suddenly between my legs. I gave a little gasp, and focused back on him. His eyes were hooded with lust. "Wait-!" I began, but he thrust himself inside me.

I bit back a scream. He was so big and so hard, but it felt so good. Every vein carved on the surface of his manhood rubbed against my insides. He grabbed my hips with his graceful hands, and pushed my weight up against the wall so that my feet left the ground. He began to pump into me, fast and hard. I couldn't stop a scream then, as his rock hard cock tore into me, half from startled pain, half from a deep, groaning pleasure. I closed my eyes and let him fuck me. It seemed almost a million miles away, but I could hear the increasingly agitated rustles of the tree man's leaves, and the harsh panting groans of the gnome. I felt that impossibly hard cock swell inside of me, and suddenly, something hot and sticky was exploding inside of me. An instant later, I felt a hot, wet splat on the side of my leg. I opened my eyes to see the gnome shooting his come all over my lower thigh. The tree man sagged against me. I could still feel his cock, hard within me, but shrinking. He disentangled himself from me, and stood up. He waved his leaves at me.

"He thanks ye," piped up the gnome, tucking his own equipment back into his pants, "fer a marvelous shag."

I glared at him. "Untie me!" I demanded.

The gnome opened his mouth to reply, but whatever he said was drowned out by a rousing cheer from the other side of the hall. The gnome clambered up onto a near by table to see over the heads of the crowd. "The Lady!" he exclaimed. He jumped back down to the floor. "Quick, laddie, grab th' lass! We can petition to claim her!"

"Hey!" I yelled, kicking my legs feebly in protest, but the tree man deftly untied my bound hands form the tree and slung me over his shoulder once again. With the gnome trotting in front of him calling, "Make way! Move yer arse!," he managed to elbow his way across the hall to the front of the crowd. Keeping a tight hold on me, he gingerly lowered me to the floor.

* * *

When we were frae the hunting come, That frae my horse I fell, The Queen o' Fairies she caught me, In yon green hill do dwell. 

* * *

There were still quite a few fairies in front of me, but I had a fairly clear view of the front of the hall. A dais was set up, apparently built out of tree stumps and crates with some sturdy sheets of particle board laid across them. A few lengths of what had once been beautiful brocade were haphazardly thrown over the bare wood, giving the platform at least the illusion of a faded richness. A throne had been placed on the dais, a gorgeous wooden chair, beautifully carved with animals, trees, stars, moons, suns and a million other things. As lovely as it was, it seemed a poor thing in comparison with the woman who sat upon it. Tall and slender, with long, silken red hair, alabaster skin and clear green eyes, she was easily the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. Despite the fact that I had always considered myself completely straight, just looking at her made my loins burn. Judging by the expressions on the faces of the crowd, she had a similar effect on everyone. She was clad in the strangest combination of clothing. Her hair was piled on her head in a complicated filigree of braids, woven with jewels, tabs from soda cans, plastic butterfly hair clips and flowers. She wore a black velvet frock coat with patched sleeves over a emerald green dress with a ragged hem, embroidered all over with flower petals, a pair of torn and strangely ephemeral fishnets that looked as if they had been woven from spider's silk, and a pair of scuffed black combat boots. The outfit would have been ridiculous on anyone else, but she wore it like a queen's robe of office, and was oddly dignified for someone who was dressed like an emo high school drop out. Her long, graceful fingers were twined seductively into the long, blond hair of...

Mr. Lynne.

He sat at her feet, eyes vacant, his jeans dirty and his t-shirt torn. His hair had been taken out of its customary pony tail, and he was crowned with a wreath of holly leaves. The woman on the throne – the Lady, it could hardly be anyone else – gazed at him with the expression of a cat who had just sunk her claws into a particularly fat and juicy mouse. I didn't like that expression one bit.

Her throne was flanked on either side by a pair of painfully beautiful men who could almost have passed as human, except for their bright blue skin and sharply pointed ears. The one on the right wore a huge broadsword strapped to his side, and the other held a battered machine gun. Their eyes roamed the assembled crowd distrustfully.

The Lady made a motion with one perfect hand, and the right-hand guard bent his head. She spoke to him softly, and he nodded. Straightening, he swept an imperious gaze over the crowd and clapped his hands three times. Instantly, there was complete silence, as if someone had pressed some kind of cosmic mute button.

He spoke. "The Lady welcomes you." His voice was rich and dark, and as colored with an accent that I could not place. It gave me shivers of pleasure just to listen to him. "The Feast of Souls begins tonight. The Lady has found her Samhain King."

A cheer went up, but was almost instantly silenced by a wave of the speaker's hand. "As is tradition, at this time of the Lady's good fortune, she desires to share this fortune with her subjects. Thus, the time has come for her to grant boons to a chosen few." Another cheer. He allowed this one a slightly longer duration before he cut it off. "Stand silent, you who are the Lady's, and allow her blessings to come to you."

He stepped back to his place at the Lady's side. There was a long silence. Nothing disturbed it, not even the sound of the shuffling of feet, hooves, talons or whatever else the Folk stood on. No whispers disturbed the stillness. If I closed my eyes, I could imagine that the place was completely. No one even coughed. 

Can fairies cough? I wondered. Or sneeze? As if thinking this had jinxed me, I suddenly had the unavoidable urge to sneeze. I struggled to hold it back. I had no idea what would happen if I made any noise, but I had the feeling that it would not be anything good. I screwed up my face in a desperate effort. Perhaps I could have held it back if I'd been able to scratch my nose, but with my hands tied, I was helpless. All the nose-scrunching in the world was not going to hold back that sneeze. I squeezed my eyes shut and prayed.

"A-CHOO!"

The sneeze went off like a nuclear explosion. I felt a thousand pairs of inhuman eyes boring into me. The tree-man dropped my arm and recoiled as if I had burned him. The gnome looked at me in a panic. 

On the dais, the Lady let go of Mr. Lynne, and stood. Her movements were so graceful that it ached to look at her. Her green eyes traveled over the crowd until they locked with mine. I trembled violently under the force of her gaze and the sudden, violent lust that tore through my body, but I remained standing and I didn't look away.
