 -Author's note: switching to 3rd person-

Alicia awoke determined - she is finished with this whole... entertainment business. Serving drinks to drunkards was not her dream job, and upgrading said job meant stripping for the same drunkards instead of serving them. It meant an increase in her payment, and a decrease in actual working hours, but is this really the future she should be pursuing?

The answer was no. Of course, it "might" have been better to realize this before getting flossed, but what is done is done, she thought. At the bare minimum, she would take the day off, and she did not care whether or not Cecil or Sherry allowed it or not. But first she needed a bath to gather her thoughts.

She heated up the water, then stripped down. Climbing into the tub caused no further problems - she was getting used to this. She let herself soak for a while, idly pulling on the butt-part of her chain, enjoying as it got sucked back in. Maybe things weren't so bad. If she can get used to this, she could work as a mercenary again, getting her daily money and excitement as in the past. Sure, she has to actually work hard again, and it might take a while to get back into shape, but it would be worth it.

With newfound energy, she jumped out of the tub, gasping as she felt the chain pulling on her insides. Moving slower now to avoid hurting herself, she pulled on her favorite thong and leather pants combo. She always wore thongs - fighting in vanilla panties caused awful wedgies, making thongs the much better choice. Feeling frisky, she pulled the straps way above the pants - it might seem trashy, but she felt like bringing a guy or a girl to bed today. She pulled on her scarf-like black top over her breasts - they still covered only a little, but they were decent and stylish. After checking herself in the mirror, she left her room.

No one was present in the main hall, so she just left a letter to inform everyone that she won't be working today. It was better this way - no one to argue with. After that, she left the inn.

Her first destination was Charles's armory. Charles was a good friend of hers - not much of a romantic interest, more like a good comrade. During her few years on this strange land, she and Charles had many successful missions together. A big chunk of the reason Alicia retired from active fighting was because Charles retired as well.

Charles's blacksmith workshop was located fairly close to the inn, catering to humans and lamias alike. The sign was nothing fancy, the man was not known for his taste in aesthetics, but his work (smith and mercenary jobs alike) produced good results. Alicia went in and looked around.

The place was spacious, and filled to the brim with armor for all races and sexes. A particularly fancy looking one caught her eye, so she went there to examine it. It was designed for a lamia wearer in mind, with a humanoid upper body part, while the lower body part looked similar to a metal tube. It was decorated with ornate looking vine motives, twisting and turning into every crevice of the armor.

"Liking my new design? Even though you always said that heavy armor would just slow you down?" The familiar voice behind Alicia was Charles's deep voice. "This one is quite nice. I usually don't fluff it up with any decorations, but there is a market for everything. And figuring out how to make a full plate mail for a lamia was quite a challenge, even for me."

Alicia turned around to meet her old friend. "Hi, Charles." He was a rugged veteran with a stocky, muscular build, black hair and facial hair, and scars all over his face and body. He was in his 50's, but he looked 40 something - he kept himself in shape, the only telltale sign that he was older was a patch of grey hair on his head.

"Hello, Ali... holyshit. Is that chain what I think it is? Did you just got yourself flossed?"

Alicia bowed her head, blushing. "Yes, I'm afraid so. Truth be told, I came for your advice, considering my predicament. Can you spare a few minutes of your time?"

Charles looked around. "Sure. There is not too many customers this time of the day, not that they would take priority over you. Here, have a seat... uhm, you can sit, right?"

Alicia smiled slightly. "I'm not a cripple, Charles. I just... swallowed a few meters of chain, let it come out from my backside, then connected the two ends. At least that's the gist of it." She sat down carefully on the offered chair. "And it has quite a few advantages as well, even though I'm not really using it to its... full potential at the moment."

She waited for him to bring a chair for himself, then continued. "To be blunt, Charles, I'm in a middle of an identity crisis right now. I retired from fighting the same day you did. You did because of age, I did because I got tired of fighting. You know, before my exile, combat was my life. I was brought up to be a warrior. However, after my expulsion, the world around me suddenly became extremely lewd compared to my past. My moral versus my bodily needs, and let me tell you, my body was needy as hell. I had a very hard time coping with all that pent up sexual frustration."

"Understandable," replied Charles. "And all that pent up frustration caused you to do something... drastic like this. And your... not your conservative clothing is also a result of that, I gather?" he winked at her.

Alicia reddened even more. "Good thing you didn't see my work uniform then. That is even skimpier."

Charles grinned widely. "Girl, I have seen you naked even. Don't tell me you forgot our only sexy time together. My male ego would take a big hit..."

"Of course I remember. About a year ago, when we robbed that pyramid, right? Too bad we did not finish. Escaping from a dozen of armed catgirls took priority that time." Alicia continued with a more serious tone. "Anyway, when I became a waitress, I needed a home, a shelter. Unlike you, I did not have any money saved up. It seemed a good solution at the time. I would have a home, and I would have had a decent way to earn money. And I would have the opportunity to cherry-pick any guy I wanted at the bar for a quickie."

Charles nodded. "Yes, I get it. Yet you seem troubled."

"Indeed. I was wrong on multiple fronts. First, being groped all day while on the job is not equal to a hot sensual fucking, if you pardon my language. Second, being ordered around by someone good-for-nothing lamia, while earning barely any money is not my idea of a dream job. Third thing is that I'm bored. Being a waitress is far from exciting. Even though I had to risk my life on a daily basis in the past while adventuring, I just miss the rush, the adrenaline... And the pride after a successful mission. You get me?"

Charles, again, nodded. "Yes, I get those feelings sometimes. However, if you came to recruit me, I have to disappoint you. I am quite content with my current way of life. I was a mercenary for like... 30 years. I really had enough."

"I understand. I did not come to recruit you, however. Well, I would if I could, but I respect your decision. I came for your advice. What would you suggest if I said I wanted to work as a mercenary again? Do you think it's smart? And if yes, where shall I restart?"

This caught Charles off-guard a bit. He thought for a while before answering. "Frankly, I have no idea if you would be able to fight now. You used to be good, really good in the past, you saved my butt a couple of times with your sword. But... I just watched you sit down on that char, and you moved so carefully like you were made from chinaware or something. Fighting is not for the fragile. You should test it out what you can and cannot do now. I can help you with that."

After a second, he continued. "As for the other part, I heard a pub opening downtown a few months ago. That part of the city is totally lamia-free, so it should be safe. You know how fussy those snakewomen can be when it comes to unofficial business. As if they weren't gathering slaves themselves. Such hypocrites." He spat on the ground. "Anyway, it is said to be a safe haven for treasure hunters and such. If you are really willing to fight again, you can surely get a job there."

Alicia nodded. "Thank you. Really. I think you answered most of my questions."

Charles raised an eyebrow. "Most?"

Alicia brought out her most charming smile. "You know, that time, at the pyramid... we never finished. I realize that my sex drive is pretty fucked up by this chain, but I don't care - please make me feel like it was not a total mistake to get it...! A pity fuck, if you must say!"

Charles was caught off-guard, but after a few seconds, he gathered himself. "You know you have a really hot body, right? Especially since your journey to Muldipedete seen your chest... enlarged. And your body is still fit as ever. If anything, sex should be considered a pity-fuck by you, not me... I'm 52, you know?"

"But you still got it, right?"

"You bet your ass I got it."

With that, Charles got up, turned his "Open" sign to "Closed", then closed the door and the curtains. When he finished, Alicia already took off her shoes, and was busy pulling her leather pants down. 

"Let me help with that." Charles offered with a smile. With one swift move, he removed her pants.

"Hmm, you seem to have experience undressing girls. You were a womanizer in your day, weren't you?"

"I might have had my share, yes. Remove that thong, let me see your goods."

Alicia did as she was told, while watching Charles undress himself. He was still in great shape, working as an armorsmith helped him keep those muscles. 

"You look damn good, Charles. And your dick looks way above average, both in length and in girth. Now, I have a request: do not hold back. I want to get used to my additions, even if it hurts a little. Don't worry about me, I can handle it."

Charles needed no further encouragement. He grabbed Alicia by her waist, and with one swift motion, he turned her upside down, while he still remained standing. The surprised girl found herself dangling right in front of an iron hard dick, so she figured she should not hold back either - she started jerking the base of the cock with her hands, while her mouth found the tip. This position was not really practical for deepthroat, but a blowjob is a blowjob, she figured.

Charles was not idling either. Holding up his former teammate caused no problems whatsoever, and he had a great view of her whole pelvic area. After figuring what went where, he grabbed the chain with his teeth and started pulling. 

This unusual configuration required quite a bit of concentration from both of them, but they managed without a problem. Alicia continued jerking the dick off faster and faster, while trying to take as much organ in her throat as possible. 

It became increasingly difficult for Charles to focus, especially when he felt his dick getting scraped slightly by Alicia's throat chains (when did this girl learnt how to deepthroat?), but he managed somehow. He focused on pulling the chain out with his mouth, then putting his tongue below it to let the metal pull his tongue inside her anus. Considering her groans, it felt good for his partner. He tried the same method with her vagina, feeling his organ briefly trapped in Alicia's pussy lips before he pulled it back.

Alicia let the dick fall from her mouth. "You might not get tired from this position, but I certainly do. Just do me already."

Charles slowly lowered her to the ground, but before she could get up, he lay down behind her, then pushed on her legs, forcing them to assume a perpendicular position. He did not waste any time, gently clipped the chain on Alicia's perineum with two fingers, then lightly pulled it to the side, letting her savor the feeling as the chain was slowly extracted from between her puffy labia lips. It was already very wet down there, but with the outside pressure removed, she practically gushed. 

Keeping the chain out of the pussy, Charles slowly but surely inserted his cock in the wet channel. After a bit of an adjustment, he was able to deeply penetrate his partner - not quite balls deep yet, but fairly close. He was able to let go of the chain, his dick keeping it out of the way, not letting it submerge between the labia lips for now. With his freed up hand, he caressed Alicia's washboard stomach, feeling her abs stain slightly below his hand as he tried to insert his penis deeper and deeper. 

Alicia felt every inch of the invading organ in her sloppy pussy as Charles slowly and surely continued pressuring with his hips. She felt her partner's hand explore her body, first her stomach, then, tracing the chain, finding her right breast. When she felt the rough, calloused hands cup her large boob from below, molding it into whatever shape he desired, the thumb hooked into the chain pulling on the nipple close by, she relaxed completely, letting herself be used for now. Charles knew what he was doing.

Her relaxation also meant that Charles was finally able to penetrate her as deep as he could, his testicles feeling the cool touch of the chains as he penetrated her balls deep. After letting her adjust to his deep presence for a short while, he started pulling out, only stopping when just the tip was inserted inside, then reversed his momentum, keeping a really slow, steady pace for now. Meanwhile, his hand switched to the other breast, only reaching it with the tip of his fingers, drawing circles into the soft organ to continue the teasing.

Alicia had enough - the excruciatingly slow grinding inside her was not enough to reach an orgasm. Was he teasing her, or was he just too careful? Well, it does not matter, she decided, propping herself up with one hand while grabbing Charles's firm butt behind her with the other as an anchoring point, then started moving her hips herself, dictating a much faster pace than before. She was careful not to let the ironhard organ slip from inside her to avoid the need of rearrangement her special body needed for the first penetration, but otherwise, she let wild. 

Her jackhammering hips caused much more of the friction she desperately needed, feeling the large penis penetrate her hot vagina all the way deep inside before pulling it out for the next round. Her chain followed suit, multiple chains pulled outside her anus as she was penetrated deep, then going back in once the tension ceded somewhat. Her propped up position allowed Charles to get a firm grip on both of her large tits, his hands going around her ribcage, allowing free reign on the chained mammaries. Her nipples would need some rest after this, Alicia thought.

She was fast to reach her first orgasm, but even when she stopped moving to enjoy the feeling, the sensations never left her - Charles picked up the pace, finally fucking her the way he was supposed to at the start. He also had quite a bit of stamina, bringing Alicia to three straight orgasms before reaching his own, squirting his sperm deep inside the flossed girl.

Both of them drained from the lovemaking, they slept spooning for a long time when a harsh knock on the door interrupted their rest.