 I am looking out the sliding glass door of my bedroom, lying beneath my heavy blankets. I snuggle closer into their warm embrace. The days have been growing colder a little more each night, but tonight there is a promise of rain. I have been hearing the whisper of your voice rumbling in the distance for some time now. I close my eyes to focus on your ethereal mumbling. I wonder if you have heard my lonely prayers calling to you. The coming storm tells me you have and I wait in my bubble of security in anticipation. 

The sun is still setting in the west when the darkness of the storm begins to chase the last rays of dusk away. The hues of the sunset grow deep in shade as they meet the gray of the cumulonimbus clouds. A small crackle sounds off closer than before and the light illuminates the depths of darkness. Then a soft pelting sound begins to tap on my windows as the burdened sky begins releasing a gentle spray of rain. I close my eyes and imagine you tapping on my window the way you used to do late at night when I was young.

The memory of those nights sends a shiver of excitement down my back and I rise to a sitting position. I begin feeling myself falling into a trance as I follow the rivulets downward over and over again. Their drizzling lullaby calms my inhibitions and awakens my senses.

At the thought of you, my love, my heart begins to beat faster, racing with the increasing sprinkle of rain on the other side of the glass. My breath quickens and I am suddenly drawn to the window like a moth entranced by the glow of a flame. I push my blankets away and release the heat of my comfort zone into the arctic room. 

As my bare feet touch the smooth tiled floor, a chilly sensation begins to slither up my legs. My skin recalls the caress of your finger tips from a deeper part of me. I can suddenly feel your phantom touch gliding up my calves and thighs again. I am caught by surprise at my desire for more and my lack of hesitation to slip out of my silky, black gown. As if by their own will, I feel my hands slide the straps off my shoulders to let the thin fabric fall down. I stand naked in the growing dark. I do not fear being seen by neighbors, for I live miles away from the nearest one.

The frigid atmosphere of my room leaves me hypnotized. Goose bumps rise along my exposed flesh. I step out of the ring of my garment and leave behind the last shred of warmth. My nipples contract and harden in excitement. A deeper part of my being grows feverish and wet. My cheeks blush at the realization of my arousal. I feel a moment of panic, but then your voice beckons to me in the roll of the growing thunder, "Come to the window, my love."

I become mesmerized by the steady shower once more and obey. I want nothing more than to feel you all over me again. The clouds have grown swollen and dark as the storm has continued moving towards me. Heavy and overburdened with rain, the sky fades into a shade of gray close to the color of night.

I reach my hand out to the window of falling rain. A brilliant electrical spark breaks the blackened sky the moment my fingers make contact with the freezing pane. The shock jolts my body's full memory of you. I press myself on to the glass as hard as I can, desperate to be embraced by the ghost of you. 

As if in response, an explosion of sound shakes the foundations of my house. The rain roars as the cloudburst releases its torrent and beats down on the earth in a frantic rhythm. The vibrations drum and tremble across my responsive nerves. The thunder keeps rolling and the lightning continues to crack the sky over and over again. The blinding flashes play with my perceptions. I can see your silhouette outside in the strobe lights of the tempest.

Possessed by my hunger for you, I unlock the sliding glass door and rip it open. I run into the downpour without fear of being struck by the electrical discharges ripping across the night. The icy drops of water slap against me, leaving me breathless and hypothermic. I stop moving and try to catch my breath as my body temperature drops. A small cloud of breath forms every time I exhale, but I remain rooted to the spot. Your water hands tickle my scalp as you stroke my hair. I sigh and inhale your rainy scent deeply to calm my troubled mind.

After a few moments I begin to ignore the chill seeping into the marrow of my bones. My lips tremble as I lift my face to feel your kisses again. How I have missed the taste of you, my love. So pure and divine upon my tongue, I marvel at the rush of heat your liquid butterflies stir within me. They bounce and trickle down my visage unto my frame. I love how you chase my curves with your aquatic lips. I close my eyes and swear I can see your smile beaming down on me. 

"Please don't stop," I hear myself whimper to you. 

"Aci (never)." You rumble back in that ancient language an incarnate part of my soul has never forgotten.

I know even then it is a sweet lie, but I have waited so long to worship you as I did before. I put the thought aside as you continue baptizing me with your elemental affection. My hair is soaked and dripping. I shiver in the violent flow of your ardor and shake at the touch of your frosty autumn breath. 

I lay down upon the wet carpet grass of my backyard. The saturated earth cushions and conforms to my body naturally. My eyes follow the bolts streaking across the sky, waltzing to sonic booms of the heated air around them. Bright veins of light form jagged patterns against your dark celestial skin. Your godly beauty has me enchanted; I reach my hand up and imagine I am caressing your face as we continue kissing.

The rain bombards me with fat drops of near-freezing water. I close my eyes and feel your body upon me. The image of you is projected against the black screen of my closed lids. Your hands and lips continue caressing me in frenzy. I spread my legs so you can explore my heated depths. My breath comes out quick and shallow as a fever begins to warm me. It is you, I know, chasing away the cold that has entombed my broken heart. I kiss you urgently, desperate to feel you filling me up completely.

My insides begin to pull more and more with each drop that beats and slides against my slit. I imagine you kneeling over me, preparing to penetrate my eager well. My insides throb in hunger as my mind remembers the sensation of you entering me deeply. My pussy pulsates to the beat of your push and pull. My hips thrust into you and we begin to build a slow steady rhythm.

My hands grasp the wet grass and I feel my fingers running through your hair again. I continue kissing the rain. I grip your hair harder and pull to tell you to go faster. A gentle gust of wind blows against my neck. I know it's you, my lover, breathing against me. I arch my back in response to your pleasure. I am almost at the brink of my own.

The first wave of my orgasm is beginning to tingle in my spine to the pace of your thunder roll. In unison we erupt and I cry out my ecstasy into the storm. Our voices mingle as our passions peak and break upon us. Again and again the pleasure waves crash and draw back, until all we can do is lay still in the aftermath. I wrap my hands around you and kiss you lightly on your neck. You mumble something to me as we bask in the afterglow. The rain has become nothing more than a light spray again. Your voice is fading into the silence. 

"Niauh (I am going)."

"Goodbye, my love," I whisper back to you. 

I knew this would happen. I know you don't want this to end anymore than I do. The sorrow of our parting stings my nose and chokes my throat. I close my eyes to hang on to your image as long as I can, but I can feel your presence drifting back into my memory. I curl up into a ball, and I cry my misery into the damp earth. How I wish it could rain forever, so you would never have to leave, my God of Rain...