 Be sure to read TMGS 01-05 - Sex With An Angel for a slightly different view of this chapter. Enjoy! 

-----

Alexis leaned over the kitchen counter in her tight pink belly shirt and watched as her mother prepared for her night out with her husband. She just smiled at her mom as she sat up on a stool with her elbows calmly placed on the wood counter. Her mom jingled through her purse looking for her wallet, hurrying to get ready for before her husband got home.

"So when are you and dad headed out?" Alexis asked as she shook her tiny butt behind her. She smiled as she asked, knowing that her mom and dad were going to be gone soon.

"As soon as he gets back. Probably in a few minutes." Her mom answered. "You know you're not going out tonight, right?"

"I know, I know. Stay in and get your homework done." Alexis answered, trying to sound annoyed by her mom's orders, but actually quite okay with it.

The fact was that they were not Alexis's real parents, for Alexis's foster mom could not conceive a child. They adopted Alexis when she was five years old, and Alexis seemed to be their good luck charm for the past thirteen years with her had been astonishing. Alexis's dad had won the lottery; not a large sum, but enough to make life much easier for them and their daughter. It was an easy life that Alexis seemed to just fall into. Yet as much as she loved her foster parents, Alexis loved something more than that: being away from them. She was a teenager, and like any teenager, Alexis would rather have their large home to herself to do with as she pleased. 

Alexis found it harder and harder to get any time alone anymore. Between classes, cheerleader practice, and her parents waiting for her at home, she was always busy with something. Alone time was something that Alexis cherished more than anything and tonight she was finally going to get more than the brief moments in her bedroom or the bathroom. She knew that every second tonight that she had the house to herself was going to matter, and she had plans. With her mom only minutes away from leaving, there was one special friend she liked to spend her 'alone time' with.

As Alexis's mom left the kitchen, this eighteen year-old red head smiled for she knew that her mom and dad would be gone for over an hour, and she was eager to get some quality time to herself. As her mom disappeared up the stairs, Alexis popped her slender body up off of the kitchen counter and darted up the stairs after her. In her tiny jean shorts and tank top, Alexis soared up the staircase at amazing speeds. She was on a mission and had to get things prepared for every minute she had alone mattered. She quickly slipped into her bedroom, snatched her cell phone, locked the door behind her, and then darted back out of her room and down the hall towards the bathroom. She knew she had locked herself out of her bedroom, but she didn't care. The attention was now on the bathroom. With her cell phone in hand, Alexis ducked into the bathroom, and locked the door.

She sighed for she was safe from prying eyes for the time being, and she needed to be ready. Being ready for Alexis meant more than just calling someone on her cell phone: Being ready meant being mentally prepared for the hour she had the whole house to herself.

Safe and alone, Alexis held the phone out in front of her in the palm of her hand. She just held in there, unopened and still. She stared at it with her teenage-eyes, expecting it to do something. As Alexis, the lovely high school cheerleader with the fiery red hair stared at her cell phone in her hand, it lifted into the air. The cell phone calmly floated out of her hand and a few inches above her palm, and Alexis was not the least bit surprised. She just smiled as she lowered her hand to her side, and her cell phone remained in midair as if it was held up by invisible forces.

Alexis, the everyday teen, had telekinetic powers: powers she kept a secret from everyone.

Alexis continued to hold the phone up in the air with her eyes, and flipped it open. As calmly as she would with her fingers, Alexis punched numbers into her floating cell phone with her mind. After a few magic touches of her phone, she sent out the text message that read 'My bedroom. Ten minutes. It'll be safe.' 

With the message sent, Alexis need to prepare more. Now the light little cell-phone was so easy for Alexis to move through the air with her thoughts. Even the hairbrush, the shampoo bottle, and the hand-towel that were now floating around the bathroom were easy feats once again. Alexis spun them in the air as her telekinetic powers surfaced and giggled. She had done a lot to keep her powers in the back of her mind, and it did take a few moments to bring them out into the forefront.

Alexis was far from done. Still holding the objects up with her mind, Alexis sighed, and closed her eyes. She let her mind go steady, and remained as quiet as possible. She let her eyes roll softly around in her own head as she relaxed her own thoughts.

"He better be here soon. Dammit. Where did I put that jacket?" Alexis heard. "No. No. No. It's not ... there it is!"

Alexis heard a voice, although there were no sounds with her in the bathroom. This was because Alexis, the quintessential teenager, had telepathic abilities. Alexis's eyes flew open, and she smiled for she heard her mother's thoughts from across the house. Not only could Alexis hear what her mom was thinking as if she was speaking it to her, but Alexis could also project her own words into her mind so that she had to hear it. Alexis had to be careful not to want anything like that with too much desire, or her mom just might hear her voice speaking directly into her head.

It was no doubt that Alexis's mind was a magical treasure. It was a secret she didn't mind keeping from the world around her, for she used it to her advantage from time to time. Her mind could move things through the air and give her great ease with her life. Her mind could also pry into the minds of others, which made school work at test taking so much easier. There was always one of her classmates that knew the answers to any test she had to take.

However, it was more than just Alexis's mind that was something special: it was also her body. Sure her body was hot, probably the most desirable in the school. Her long legs, her firm butt, her tiny waist, her lovely round breasts under her tight tank top, and her long luscious wavy red hair landed her several proposals for dates on a weekly basis. But it wasn't even her cute desirable figure that made her body so special. What made it special was a fact far more desirable, and that everyone on Earth wanted.

Alexis looked down at her own toes; her bare feet that she had run up the stairs in only moments earlier. She looked down at her body; her lovely body in the tiny jean shorts and tank top. She looked down at her painted toes, and wiggled them ever so slightly. Then with a little bit of thought and a little more desire, Alexis watched as her cute little toes, along with her entire body, was simply plucked off of the ground. Alexis's entire teenage body floated slowly into the air along with the various items that floated around her. She held her arms out away from her body and watched as the ground slowly fell away from her body. Alexis smiled as she rose above the bathroom floor, resisting gravity and floating higher and higher. Two inches became seven, and seven inches became two feet as Alexis calmly levitated into the air.

Alexis, the cute red-headed cheerleader, could fly. Wether in was inches or miles, gravity could not pull her magical body down.

Having defeated gravity in more ways than one, Alexis took her phone back into her hand, and set the other objects back in their rightful places. Still floating a few feet off the floor of the bathroom, this teenager still had more things to bring out in her; a lot more. Alexis stared at herself in the mirror, her young firm body trapped inside her teenage clothes, and focused her attention on the mirror. She closed her eyes, and shook out her entire body as it levitated, shaking out any doubt of what she could or couldn't do.

Alexis opened her eyes once more, and began to float her teenage body towards the mirror. She didn't slow down as she approached herself. She kept her eyes focused on her own eyes as her reflection came closer. She even sped up her flight as her forehead was about to crash into the glass. But crashing into the mirror was not on Alexis's agenda. She sighed a calm sigh as her face, head, breasts, waist, ass, tights, legs, and feet passed right through the mirror, as well as the wall behind it.

Alexis, the eighteen year-old resident of suburbia, could not only walk through walls; she could fly through them. She could pass through objects as well as let objects pass through her own body. She could become intangible.

It wasn't long at all before Alexis's teenage body popped out of the wall of her own bedroom, having passed through the bathroom wall into the safety of her own bedroom. She softly floated above her own bed in her tiny jean shorts and tank top. She smiled as she looked down at her disheveled teenage room from above, feeling her magic flow through her veins.

Every teenage girl had secrets, and Alexis's secret was her impossible magical powers.

She heard her mom walking down the hall, past her bedroom, and she remembered she still had to be careful with her powers around her foster mom. Knowing that her powers had indeed returned to her, Alexis had to cover her tracks. She looked over to her own bedroom door, and it unlocked by her magical command. Alexis turned her firm body back towards the wall, and slipped back through it without a second thought. Her body floated back out from the mirror of the bathroom, and she landed back onto the floor of the bathroom.

In a flurry, she rushed out of the bathroom, darted down the hall, and into her teenage bedroom once more. She had not received a reply from her text, and that was a bit odd. Usually she received a reply quite quickly. Since time was very important this evening, Alexis grabbed her phone and dialed with her hands.

"Hey!" Alexis said on the phone. "Yeah, they're leaving soon. Yeah, come over in like fifteen minutes. What are you doing? Really? Well, don't get mad if I get started without you. Just come over as soon as you can, I think they'll probably only be gone for like an hour or so. Okay. Love you, honey. Bye."

"Honey! Your dad is here!" Alexis heard her mom shout from downstairs. "We're taking off. Make sure you have your homework done."

"Okay, mom!" Alexis shouted back. Alexis then froze. She didn't move. She stood there in the exact same spot. She waited until she heard the front door to the house slam. Then in that instant, she hopped over her bed and looked out the window as her mom rushed out to meet dad in the car. She watched as her mom climbed inside the sedan. She watched as her parents drove away. She was alone in the house, and she couldn't wait to have her alone time.

"Like hell I'm waiting." Alexis said to herself.

Alexis bounced back across her bed, and stood before her mirror once more. She looked at her entire body in front of her full-size mirror, and smiled for she loved how hot she was. She liked how she looked. She loved how she looked. She loved her slender young body and her firm C-cup breasts perking up under her shirt. She loved her long slender legs that remained quite bare with her tiny jean shorts covering up her young firm ass.

She leaned up against the mirror, placing one hand upon the glass itself. She couldn't help but get turned on at the sight of her own young body. She couldn't help but think of what was coming that night. She couldn't stop her other hand as it moved up her side, feeling the soft skin of her waist. She didn't want to stop her hand as it moved up under her shirt and around her right breast.

In the mere seconds that the house was hers, Alexis was instantly enjoying her own body. She played with her breast under her shirt, leaning hard against the mirror as the oils of her palm smudged the glass. She moved her from her breast back down her firm tight stomach, and quickly unbuttoned the button on her tiny jean shorts. She was in a hurry to get herself off now as her hand glided under her pink panties and found its way around her shaven pussy. With her hand plunged down her jean shorts, this eighteen year old red head began to play with her pussy as she propped herself up against the mirror. Her jean shorts fell to her ankles as her hand glided inside her pussy.

"God, I need to fuck someone." Alexis cried out. She looked at herself in the mirror; her hand down her own tiny pink panties, her lovely breasts begging to be played with has they perked out of her shirt, her long fiery red hair dangling behind her. She couldn't help but enjoy looking at her slender young body in the mirror. She was so turned on by her own body that she couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't just wait anymore. She was going to fuck herself.

Yet, masturbation was not enough and she was in dire need of some serious sex. She wanted her pussy licked. She wanted her breasts sucked. She had to get it on with someone. She looked up to her reflection as her reflection was enjoying her body as well. She looked at her face in the mirror and saw her own need for sex. Her face looked back and her, and begged Alexis for sex.

"You wanna fuck?" her reflection suddenly asked her.

"Yeah." she responded, and suddenly her reflection fell backwards against the bed within the mirror, breaking her mirrored responses. Alexis dove after her reflection, passing through the glass of the mirror and stepping into an identical room to her own. She looked down at herself on the bed, begging her to join her. Alexis wasted little time in jumping on top of herself and pressing her young body against the identical one that she had seen in the mirror.

Alexis, while her parents were out of the house, had decided to copy herself with her magical powers.

With a little help from a mirror, or sometimes even just a powerful thought and enough magical concentration, she could split her conscience in two and exist in more than one place at the same time. With a body as amazing, firm, and young as hers, even she couldn't herself. Alexis was the epitome of a narcissist, and she loved to have sex with herself. Neither the Alexis that was on top nor the Alexis that was held down on the bed was the real Alexis anymore; they both were.

As Alexis straddled herself on her own teenage bed, she arched backwards and lifted her shirt over her head. The twins as they quickly removed each others shirts, getting free from their tank tops and working frantically to get each other naked. They tossed their matching tank tops aside, and continued to grope each other's bodies as nothing remained to cover them up except for their matching pink bra and panties. Alexis and Alexis rolled over and over on top of each other. They giggled and tickled and kissed and groped. Alexis truly loved her own body. Alexis was beginning to confuse herself as she rolled over and over her dual bodies, messing the teenage bed below. She finally ceased, and looked down at her identical eyes that looked up to her. With her hands on her own wrists, she pinned herself to the bed, and leaned to kiss herself.

"I'll be Ally ..." she started, and then softly kissed her matching lips "... and you be Lexi." 

"That should make things easier for later." Lexi told Ally as she looked up at herself. "Shall I get ready?"

Lexi nodded and let Ally do the honors. Ally focused her teenage magical powers, and looked down at herself lying before her in her pink bra and panties. There was so much bottled up magic inside Alexis that she couldn't wait to unleash it. Some of her magic was easy to use, and sometimes accidental. Then there were some magical powers that Alexis had discovered within herself that required lots of focus and concentration. She had to be careful not to harm herself or the reality that went on around her.

Lexi looked up at herself from below, and watched as the redhead above her simply pointed down at her young breasts. With her finger extended down at her twin, Ally closed her eyes and searched for her magical powers. She searched her amazing mind for the will to do whatever she wanted, and found it. She opened her eyes once more, retaining her thoughts and her focus, and watched as Lexi's young breasts started to expand and grow upward. Lexi felt the magic flowing through her breasts, and she smiled as she looked down at her own body, enjoying the sight of her breasts growing larger. They inflated, expanded, and grew larger and firmer by Ally's will. Lexi's breasts began to stress the limits of the tiny pink bra until the bra simply snapped off her chest. The clones giggled as they watched the pink bra flop off of Lexi's body, revealing her gorgeous large new pair of breasts for them to play with. Free from their constraints, Lexi ran her hands up her own body and feel their weight.

Alexis, the hot young high schooler, could enhance her own body and reshape it how she wanted. It was no wonder she was so amazingly hot as she had crafted her own body with her magic. She gave herself the slim figure, the long legs, and lovely breasts, and the gorgeous smile with her own powers. She made herself beautiful with her thoughts, but was also careful not to over-do it in the public eye. Yet behind closed doors, she could look as hot as she wanted to be. She could be as slender and as busty and as voluptuous as any girl in any magazine or dirty movie. She could be a sex god of infinite beauty.

Lexi continued to caress her new breasts, missing the feeling of the perfect body in her hands. Her breasts were so full and mature. They were no longer the breasts of an eighteen year old but that of someone at least ten years older. They were exactly what girl with her powers should have; perfect, full, round, flawless firm double-ds. Now her new giant breasts atop her slender young body, no one, not even Alexis, could not help but stare.

"I hate those little high school tits." Lexi admitted, feeling her own breasts. "I wish I could have these all the time." 

"I know." Ally said as she looked down at her own smaller breasts, and then down to the pair she had just given her clone. "Let's fix these puppies up, too." 

The snap on the back of Ally's bra suddenly and magically unlatched by Ally's command, allowing her young breasts to be free as her pink bra fell off her body. Free from their confines, Ally playfully shook her small breasts about, swaying her waist and shoulders as if showing off her breasts to her clone. Lexi looked up at her copy and they both giggled as Ally shook her breasts about. Lexi soon noticed that as Ally playfully shook them left and right, they began growing larger as well. They slowly inflated, swelling up by the magical powers that Ally was still unleashing. Lexi lie on her back and placed her finger coyly in her mouth as she watched Ally's breast grow, dancing before her.

"That's better." Ally said, ceasing her playful dance and running her hands up over her new breasts. After giving herself a new set of larger breasts, the topless twins known simply as Alexis embraced once more. With their new with larger, firmer double-d breasts to play with, they kissed and squeezed and pressed their young bodies together. These redheaded high-schoolers ran their hands up and down their matching sides, feeling their soft young skin as they lie atop each other. Ally leaned down at kissed Lexi once more and let her mouth open wide for herself. It's a common myth that young girls practice kissing with each other, but only Alexis could practice with herself. There was no better kisser; in Alexis's mind, that Alexis. She loved to let her tongue linger in her own copy's mouth for she knew just how to caress it, how to move it, and how to taste it. Ally closed her eyes as Lexi sucked on her tongue. She ran her hands up around Lexi's giant breasts and pushed her own down against them, smashing their softness and fullness together. Lexi snuck her fingers under Ally's panties and let her hand ease down her firm ass. She pulled Ally tighter against her body as she begged for more of her.
