 Alicia tried to ignore the harsh knock on the door, but Charles could do no such thing - it was his shop, after all. He quickly pulled on his pants and went to answer the door, while Alicia, still naked, covered up in a semi-dark corner, hoping she would not be discovered.

The impatient customer was a lamia, and as she slithered in, Alicia realized she know her - it was Cecil, the snakewoman from her inn! Alicia hid behind one of the weapon racks, really hoping she would not be seen - Cecil was a tactless bitch, she would certainly start a nasty gossip or two if she notices her. Not that it was such a big deal to be seen naked nowadays, but still, Alicia would have preferred to remain decent.

Cecil was not bothered by nakedness, however - after saying a few words to Charles, she quickly sneaked her way to the fancy lamia armor Alicia has examined before, then started stripping. Apparently the armor was made for her - Alicia never realized that her big-mouthed college had anything to do with fighting. 

With newfound interest, Alicia watched as the snakewoman finished stripping to her underwear. She never really paid any attention to Cecil's physique, so it came as a surprise when she saw the toned abs and well defined muscles on her human part - she was not bluff, but toned, just like herself. Her lacy white bra barely hid her perky breasts (about a C cup, Alicia guessed), and her lower underwear (lamias wore a belt-like clothing instead of panties that matched their unique legless figure) was from the same material. 

Alicia inched closer to listen what they were talking about.

"...do I really need to wear this armor just over my underwear?" she whined.

"I believe so. I have taken your exact measurements. Don't worry, it is padded inside, it should be comfortable, if a bit heavy." Alicia could not help but smile as she imagined a blushing Charles measuring Cecil's every single bodypart. Her old friend never really gotten used to the lamias.

While it was originally not Alicia's intent to peek, she really did not mind Cecil giving her an unintended show as the lamia started to put armor on herself. She required Charles's help (who kept blushing) at a few sensitive parts, but after a reasonable time, she was fully adorned in armor. 

Alicia could not help but be amazed. She never really wore heavy armor, finding them too heavy and constricting, but she had to admit that the lamia pulled it off quite nicely as she slithered around barely bothered by the weight. She looked amazing, most of her skin covered by the ornate metal armor while still retaining her shapely figure.

After Cecil was done with the test run, she paid a big sum of money to Charles, then left, still enamored with her new looks. She would turn quite a few heads on the street with her shiny metallic outfit, Alicia figured.

"What was this about?" she asked while dressing up. "I thought that Cecil chick was nothing but a barmaid. What gives?"

"Oh, you know nothing then," answered Charles. "You should see her fight. She is ambidextrous, and usually wields two sabers. You don't want to cross her way, especially in your condition."

Alicia frowned. "Yeah, about my condition. I think we made it quite clear that this chain gives amazing sensations during sex, at least for me. You have to make do with the visuals," she grinned.

"Oh, I'm not complaining. The more I see it, the sexier it gets."

"Figures. However, I'm still not sure what moves am I still able to do, and what motions shall I avoid in the future. If you can spare like, half an hour of your time, we can have a practice match or two. I saw a couple of wooden swords here somewhere."

Charles had no objections, so they skirmished for a while. It was clear that the chain was a serious handicap, but as time passed, Alicia gotten more and more used to it. It basically came down to avoiding turning her head or torso in a large degree, but her limbs suffered no limitations.

"Okay, I think we are done for now," she gasped after managing to disarm Charles three times in a row. "I think I will be able to handle this."

"Yes, I'm quite surprised actually," answered Charles, still recovering on the ground. "Your moves looked quite... strange to be frank, totally relying on your legs even to look around. But somehow you managed. Be careful tough, I'm way past my prime."

After saying goodbyes, Alicia headed home. She initially wanted to seek mercenary job opportunities, but she was way too exhausted to bother - she could just check the tavern Charles mentioned tomorrow.

She took a shower, dressed back up, then headed towards Sherry's, her soon-to-be ex-employee's bedroom. She was confident now that being a waitress, or even a dancer, was not for her, and she also knew she would be able to handle the hardships of fighting again if necessary. She heard Sherry's cheerful voice inviting her inside.

When she entered, she was surprised to see Cecil in the room as well, still in her shining armor, currently being undressed by her lamia landlord.

Alicia took a deep breath, mentally preparing her speech to resign from her job, but Sherry, seeing her expression, just cut her off before she begun.

"If you came to resign, don't worry about it, I already know. I already figured that your kind will be part-timers at best anyway, only needing peace when recovering. All I ask for is to jump in as a substitute sometimes when you are around. You can even keep your room."

It did not even surprise Alicia that much that her landlord already knew. Apparently Charles had been blabbering, and Cecil is not one to turn down any gossip. Or Sherry just already knew everything.

"Umm... are we in the clear then? And I can even keep my room? It would be really good for me..."

"Well, I would not mind a small portion of your loot if you manage to catch something big, but yes, you can keep your room for free now. And I need a tiny bit of your help, right here and now."

While talking, Sherry was busy removing pieces of armor from her lamia friend, but had a hard time taking off the shoulder pads. Alicia jumped in to help, and with her significantly stronger hands, it caused her no trouble to remove the problematic piece of metal. 

"Wow, you have powerful hands, you are much better at this than me. Can you finish undressing Cecil? I have a... different task in mind for myself."

Alicia had no problem with it, and apparently her bitchy college did not mind either. Maybe this will bring us closer together, Alicia thought as she removed more metal from the lamia's body, exposing more and more skin to the air. The tight, fit body was a sight for her sore eyes as more and more of it became uncovered.

She was almost done undressing the snakewoman, letting Cecil savor the feeling of newfound freedom, while she herself enjoyed the sight and the occasional touch of the exotic creature. She was about to remove the last, belt-like part from the waist when she felt her own, scarf-like top became undone.

"I told you that this top looks good on you, didn't I? Well, I forgot to mention that you look even better without it, completely topless," Sherry murmured into her ears. "Those prominent breasts of yours are needed to be seen more, especially with their new adornments. I was so busy in the last few days that I did not have any time to examine you more thoroughly. I hope you don't mind."

Alicia did not mind at all. She felt indebted to Sherry right now anyway, and even though she participated in multiple exhausting tasks today (including sex), she felt energized and... Horny. These lamias were one sexy bunch. 

She felt Sherry's hands cupping her large, yet still perky breasts, measuring their weight and firmness, while pulling her sensitive nipples up and down along her chain. Sherry's motions were careful yet determined, she knew exactly what she was doing. While fondling Alicia's breasts, she pressed her own, even bigger ones against her partner's back, her huge nipple rings imprinting their shape into the soft skin.

Cecil, who felt neglected, looked behind her back. She had no love for Alicia in the past, but even if she did not say out loudly, the whole chaining part certainly made her more curious, and besides, she did not need to exactly love someone to have sex with her, right? Good looks and mutual agreement was more than enough for that.

Alicia found her chest even more crowded than before when Cecil's hands joined in, molding and shaping every inch of her heavy mammaries. Cecil also kissed her lightly on the cheek.

"Let's settle aside our differences for a bit, shall we? There is kinky stuff to do. And I'm also interested in your... unique anatomy." She kissed Alicia on the mouth before she could answer.

When Alicia was finally out of the greedy, touchy hands of the lamias, her pussy juices already coated her chain from vagina to anus. Having a moment to breath, she compared her two snakewomen partners. Sherry had a matronly, motherly figure, with huge and heavy breasts - she was just soft all around. Cecil was much slimmer and thinner, including the boobs department, but she compensated well by being fit and perky. She also lacked any kind of visible piercings.

Giving a breather to Alicia, the lamias quickly found each other and started making out while removing each other's lingerie. It was a sight to see as Sherry's humongous boobs falling out of her tight bra, visibly jiggling before stopping their motion. Their pantie-belts came off next, sliding down their reptile-parts, revealing their already wet pussies - they were like "standard" vaginas, just angled differently because of the lack of legs, vertically positioned when looking from the side. Right under them started their snake-parts: Sherry had a black, Cecil a green scaled tail. 

Alicia waited until they were done removing each other's underwear, then jumped on them, pulling them down with herself to the queen sized bed. She intended to grope both of them at the same time, but they had other ideas, and quickly ganged up on her. Alicia found herself gently pushed on her back, with Sherry at her head and Cecil at her legs. 

"You will be our exotic pet for tonight, Alicia. You have legs, and you have this chain going all the way through, so we will just explore your more interesting parts. I hope you have no complains." Sherry silenced her before she could reply by pushing her cunt right in her face. It was more difficult because of the lack of legs, but she still managed it without a problem. 

Alicia, like a good pet, started licking the sex-organ right in front of her, realizing her mistress has gotten her clit pierced with a tiny ring to compliment her other body jewelry. The pussy worked exactly like a human one, getting wetter and wetter as Alicia went deeper and deeper with her tongue. 

Meanwhile, Cecil was busy examining Alicia's crotch. Someone having legs was already interesting for her, but this chain-business that came out of the anus (something that Cecil lacked - lamias had a different digestive system) was something entirely different. She tugged on it carefully, observing the human girl's reactions, and since they were positive, she went ham. She started pulling more and more links out with one motion, let the tension pull them back in, then pushed a few links inside, penetrating with two fingers, observing the metal as it pulled itself out again. 

It was already hard for Alicia to focus on the pussy right in front of her, and when Cecil started to go faster and faster, it became impossible. Sherry did not seem to mind it that much, she slithered away slightly so she just lay on her stomach right above Alicia's head, then started to push and pull on the chain the same way Cecil did, except at her mouth. 

"Woah, girl, you have literally no gag reflex left, but I guess that makes sense, given your predicament. We should use that to our advantage, right, Cecil?"

Alicia had a hard time figuring out what they were talking about, but it became clear when she felt her mouth forced open even more, gently but firmly, and felt scales on her tongue. "Does she want me to deepthroat her tail? And how deep will she go?" Alicia wondered, but she had no time to ponder - she felt her ass being penetrated in a similar fashion, most likely by Cecil.

The feelings were familiar for Alicia as more and more tail disappeared inside her body, using her chain as a guide to her insides. They obviously could not go all the way through, it would be dangerous for all three of them, but they were certainly going deep into her now. On top of that, since they only used their tails to penetrate her, they were free to use anything else as they pleased. The results were starting to overwhelm Alicia - phallic snake-appendages penetrated her mouth and ass, a pair of hands relentlessly kneaded her boobs and pinched her sensitive nipples, while her pussy was thoroughly eaten out, Cecil using her forked tongue to the fullest. It did not take long until she had an earthshattering orgasm, every orifice of hers contracting and loosening in a rapid fashion.

When she came to, the first thing she realized was that she was not filled anymore; the second thing was that she could not move. 

"Awake now, sleepyhead?" Sherry whispered in her ear from just behind her. "I guess we overdid it a little, you came so hard that you passed out right after for an hour. Your throat tightened so hard around my poor tail that it still throbs a little."

Alicia slowly measured her surroundings, realizing that what she thought was a warm, tight blanket was instead Sherry's tail curled around inside her. She also hugged her with her human part, her soft body like a warm pillow behind Alicia, the only thing that broke the immersion slightly was the two slightly colder nipple rings. Lamias are better at spooning than anyone, Alicia realized.

"Let's just relax now. Cecil already left, it is getting late. You should sleep here with me."

Alicia had no complains about the proposition, and even if she had, she could not move anyway. Things were turning out better than she hoped, she thought happily, letting herself fall asleep in the comforting squeeze of Sherry.