 There were bags and bags of clothes scattered about Cindy's bed late that night. Tight vinyl dresses worn for late-night clubbing, short night gowns with matching thongs, tiny skirts and tank tops, and stiletto heels of all colors covered Cindy's room. There were long sexy full-length robes with matching nylon stockings, dark fur coats and tiny glittery string bikinis sitting in bags on the floor. Gold and silver jewelry, diamonds and precious stones, and thousands of dollars worth of necklaces, bracelets, and earrings were scattered about Cindy's dresser. Receipts from some of the fanciest and plush boutiques in town could be found just tossed on the floor or in various bags, totaling well over fifty-thousand dollars.

Cindy had finally gone shopping, and was enjoying her new wardrobe. The shopping trip she had gone on over two months ago with Hannah was a disappointment as far as buying new clothes went, and she had finally gone out on her own and spend some of the thousands of dollars that Hannah had gave her. She prepared for anything: concerts, beaches, a day on the town, a night on the town, or a romantic night in. Fed up with sitting at home, lately Cindy had returning to her party lifestyle she had enjoyed in college. After witnessing the things that she had witnessed over the last few months, she didn't worry much about her future.

Fresh from an evening shower and nothing more than a tiny white towel draped over her glorious nude body, Cindy entered her bedroom full of scattered clothes. Cindy was preparing for a night on the town with the hopes of using her amazing figure and ravishing looks to reel in some handsome man ... or maybe a bi-curious young vixen. Hannah had definitely brought Cindy into the world of girl-on-girl delights, and she had found her own sexually leaning more towards a love for women. Yet perhaps it wasn't so much that Cindy was liking girls more as much as she was loving to have sex with beautiful people; men and women. After all, Hannah made it easy for Cindy to want to have sex with her: Hannah was infinitely gorgeous herself. Cindy's life was now lived for pleasure and her inhibitions were quickly leaving her.

As Cindy looked into her bedroom from her doorway, something was obviously different about her. She looked down at all the clothes scattered in her room, her arms on her hips and her thighs peak out of the bottom of her tiny white towel. This beautiful twenty-six year old girl who was planning on trying out one of her new outfits and hitting the town didn't look into her bedroom like a normal girl. There was an obvious difference in her appearance that would make any onlooker halt and stare uncontrollably, and it wasn't because of her insensible curves or her alluring smile. 

Cindy, with her hands on her hips, was calmly hovering over two feet off of the ground.

This drop-dead gorgeous twenty-six year old brunette in her tiny white towel, simply floated through the doorway of her bedroom. As calmly as she had once walked, Cindy delicately hovered into her bedroom with her bare toes dangling below her. This was how Cindy got around her apartment now. She didn't walk; she flew. With her arms gracefully at her side she flew above the clothes that covered her floor, easily avoiding stepping on then as she levitated above.

With a heightened sense of confidence in her long-time-secret magical powers, it was no longer a matter of concentration or keeping her eyes closed and sitting for twenty minutes to get her body a few feet off her bed. Cindy could simply fly. She could instantly pluck her toes from the carpet and move about in the air if she so desired. She could softly invert her body completely upside-down and walk on her ceiling, completely reversing her own gravity so that even her hair fell upwards. She could even sleep a few feet from her bed, resting on the comforts of air.

The downside of this secret ability she had learned was that she couldn't fly anywhere but in her apartment. She couldn't be caught by other people flying. She had to keep her powerful flying ability a secret from all others: that was the rule that her magical teacher Hannah had instructed. Hannah never explained to Cindy why she could do these magical things, but she made it clear that not everyone in the world was capable of magic and not everyone would understand why Cindy and Hannah could fly. Hannah and Cindy were special, and while Cindy's magical abilities were limited to simply flying, Hannah was far more powerful and capable of basically anything.

Cindy had began to wonder if there was anything her old college roommate couldn't do.

Cindy believed that her twenty-five-year-old friend could actually be omnipotent.

Ceasing her now-average flight, Cindy soon landed softly on the carpet before a full size mirror, a full size mirror that still had a price tag on it that Cindy hadn't bothered to take off. She whipped her towel off of her body and tossed it aside, revealing to the mirror the glory that was her naked body. Standing naked before the mirror, Cindy looked up and down her own body. She ran her hands up her amazing hourglass, running her fingertips along her waist and up around her large firm breasts. She ran her hands through her wet brown hair, shaking out the water onto the floor below. She then locked eyes on herself in the mirror, and couldn't help but be overcome with joy.

She loved to look at herself naked ever since her magical teacher blessed her with her new body. Hannah gave her the ideal body so that she could go out and enjoy the benefits that came with a body and face like hers. Hannah had made it clear that because they were magical and far more powerful than others ladies, there was no reason they shouldn't be two of the hottest ladies. Cindy had always had a sexy body, but her 38-22-32 measurements were far fetched for anyone. Cindy knew that it was just a lifestyle that she would have to get used to: being phenomenally hot. She was okay with that.

Hannah had displayed amazing magical powers when it came to figures and body structure. Hannah herself was constantly changing her own body type. When she shared a dorm-room with Cindy in college, Hannah appeared pudgy, short, and a little awkward. When Hannah revealed that she had magical powers to Cindy, her body went from classic pudgy to undeniably gorgeous in the blink of an eye. When Hannah appeared before Cindy in the days following her revelation, she showed off curves that didn't exist in a world without magic. When Hannah introduced Cindy to Erica; her imaginary lover, Hannah's love for breasts went to extremes with Erica's own figure: impossibly large breasts, microscopic waist, and hips that you couldn't help but want to cling to. Hannah had such phenomenal magic that she could basically morph into anyone, including a very awkward moment when Hannah had shaped her body, face and hair to match Cindy herself.

Cindy was not into making out with herself, but the more she looked at herself in the mirror, she did find herself getting slightly turned on. Standing, she still looked almost too hot. She loved how she looked. She loved her new body. She loved that she was actually magical and not just another girl. She loved knowing that she was something more than everyone around her. She ran her hands down along the sides of her full breasts, gently brushing her skin with her fingertips. She ran her hands down along her tight waist, feeling the firm muscles that Hannah gave her by simply waving her fingers and thinking her magical thoughts. Cindy had gone through this exercise before; turning herself on by the sight of her nude body. It, of course, led to throughly enjoyed masturbation, but masturbation was easy to do and Cindy wanted to get laid.

Not wanting to get carried away again, Cindy took her hands off of her nude body and kicked off of the carpet. She elegantly floated above her bed, looking down at her clothes and they lie below her. She slowly allowed her legs to rise up behind her as he leaned forward for gravity seemed nonexistent and Cindy was glad to rid it in her life. She slowly moved over her bed, her feet high above her head as she sifted through clothes like she was sifting through sand on the sea floor. She plucked up a yellow vinyl mini dress from the top of the bed, and looked it over. Not only were the colors loud and would draw even more attention to her body, but Cindy secretly loved yellow.

Cindy flipped around in the air with the shiny short dress in her hands, and rested on her back in midair. She held the dress against her bare skin as she floated, feeling the cool material against her body. She sized it up, seeing how sexy it might look. The bottom of the dress was just long enough to hide her delectable pussy and ass and the neck line plunged low enough to let her lovely breasts peek out. But when your room is pretty much a giant dressing room full of outfits, why not just try it on? Cindy rolled over in the air, and decided to do just that.

Back with her toes on the ground, Cindy slipped into the yellow dress. She pulled the plastic dress snugly over her head and barely managed to pull it down over her giant breasts. As she pulled it down, she felt the material slide against her tight waist. It was a bit stuff, but that's the price Cindy would have to pay for being so sexy. She pulled it down her tights, and then reached around and zipped up her back. She found the zipper a tad bit difficult, and longed to develop telekinetic powers like Hannah. Hannah could zip zippers up or down with just her eyes, and that made undressing a lot more sexy.

After frantically zipping up the zipper that lined the back of her vinyl dress, Cindy looked back at herself in the mirror. The dress was a very tight dress, clinging to her amazing body and leaving little to the imagination. Her juicy breasts spilled over the top of her tight little dress, pushing upwards towards her neck, pushing outward towards any potential gawker, and pushing together to give her amazingly large cleavage. The yellow vinyl wrapped tightly around her thighs, holding her legs together and making it difficult to walk.

Walking. What a waist of time.

Cindy floated up into the air in her tiny yellow dress. She modeled for herself as she floated and couldn't help but think how much hotter she looked with her toes off of the ground. No one at the bars or clubs she met tonight would suspect that she could actually fly, and at times Cindy did feel hot keeping it a secret. Floating there weightless in her bedroom she turned and posed for herself. She stuck her lovely ass outward. She perked her large breasts up even more. She bend over and let her cleavage fall forward out of her dress. She worried that it might be too revealing, but then again, she didn't care about being judged by others anymore. After all, she was magical. They were not.

Still a foot or so above the ground, Cindy looked down at all the jewelry that chaotically adorned her dresser. Out of reach, she wondered what was next in her magical adventures. She had pretty much mastered flying within her apartment, and knew there were dozens upon dozens of magical powers yet to be discovered. As she floated there, staring at her bracelets and necklaces that shimmered so elegantly, she fixated her eyes on a bracelet. She wanted that bracelet to come to her. She wanted it to close the gap between them and float towards her as opposed to her going to it. She wanted to move it through the air and slide it onto her wrist with her mind.

Nothing.

She squinted her eyes and demanded that the bracelet come to her. She desired it more than anything now. She didn't want to go out that night. She didn't want to get drunk and dance like a fool. She didn't want sex. She wanted that bracelet to come to her now.

It wiggled. It didn't float or anything, but it did wiggle ever so slightly.

"Screw it." Cindy sighed, and she floated down to her dresser and grabbed the stubborn bracelet. It seemed to be during sex that Cindy's magical powers increased, and she wasn't completely sure why. She had done other magical things like accidentally fall through walls or move things through the air with her mind, but those were only at times when she was in the middle of some sexual act, and she hadn't been able to do anything like them since.

Hannah had stressed the need to relax as well as the fact that magical feats came with desires. Cindy knew that she thought of little else that sex and lust when she was with Hannah as well as the relaxing bliss that came with orgasms. Hannah also stressed that Cindy needed to learn her magical powers without the influence of sex. Again, Cindy wasn't completely sure why. But being that Hannah could walk through walls and sprout angel wings and teleport all over the world without being aroused in any way, she had to trust her teachings. Sex brought her magic to the surface, but practice and patience kept it there.

Cindy finished clipping her earrings on her ears; earrings that cost a mere six thousand dollars. She had adorned herself with sexy bracelets, and floated her toes into a sexy pair of yellow and gold heels; real gold. She stood there, striking a pose for herself in the mirror yet again, and looked longingly at her sexy new outfit. She stopped playing around with her ability to fly and had to get used to the idea that she would have to start walking around if she was going to be in public.

"This is what a goddess looks like." Cindy said, accepting that maybe she was godlike and better than everyone else in the rest of the world.

"Are you sure about that?" Cindy heard a voice echo throughout her entire bedroom. It came from no where and everywhere. Cindy turned and spun about, looking to see who was in the room with her. "I'm not quite sure if you are a goddess yet." The voice said again, bouncing around the room so fast that Cindy's head spun.

A wind blew in from the open window, and tossed Cindy's clothes about. Cindy's wet hair was quickly dried as this warm wind blew it and moved about her room. It spun around, tossing clothes and clothing bags about. Cindy shielded her eyes as a single ball of light started to appear, swirling the with air around it as it spun frantically above her bed. Cindy leaned back against the wall, stepping away as the winds whipped her hair about. The light, spinning like a hurricane, seemed to suck light into it as the room around Cindy got darker. Smaller orbs of light spun around it like small planets around a sun. Cindy had never experienced anything quite like this; it was like a galactic tornado of white light was suddenly forming in the middle of her bed room, throwing her clothes frantically around the room. Cindy felt her own body suddenly pulled towards the core, as if gravity was changing and pulling her in. It wasn't strong enough to pull her completely, but she still felt something trying to lure her closer.

Cindy watched as the core of this phenomenon suddenly shrunk down, bringing all of it's satellites of light inside it. The winds suddenly stopped, and Cindy starred at this floating diamond star that was now twinkling in her room. Everything was silent as Cindy just watched this perfect star sparkle before her. There was no sound at all. Cindy could feel heat radiating off of the star before her. She could still feel its mysterious pull on her body, trying to bring her closer to it.

Then it exploded.

In a bright white explosion, Cindy was tossed violently against the wall, smashing her head hard against her new mirror breaking it to pieces. She crashed onto the carpet, shielding herself from the broken glass that was falling onto her. Finally, after moments of waiting for the commotion to cease and things around her to stop breaking, she looked up into the light that rained down on her and was not too surprised to see what she saw above.

Lying comfortably on her bed was her blonde college roommate Hannah. Cindy looked up to her from the floor and quickly realized that this was not exactly the same Hannah that she had shared a dorm room with in college nor the Hannah who liked to toss on some white lingerie and go for a sexy romp. This was a very magical Hannah. This was Hannah in the prime of her powers. This was a version of Hannah that Cindy loved to see. She may not have liked being tossed against the wall by Hannah's overly dramatic entrance, but in the end it was worth it.

The glorious and infinitely beautiful Hannah lie on her bed proudly, a bed now vacant of her clothes glorious and glowing. She lie on her side with nothing more than a sheer white shall covering her left breast and leaving her right breast completely free and naked. It ran down her body, over her shaven pussy, and down her long elegant legs. Hannah might as well have been naked, but something about her wearing that sheer toga-like gown made her even more sexy. Hanging from her lovely feet were white sparkling heels. They didn't sparkle like diamonds or any type of gem; they sparkled like stars. Three were majestic orbs that simply floated around her earlobes like earrings, even though they were not attached to her ears at all. These same magical balls of light softly orbited around her delicate wrists and her slender neck. Diamonds seemed to be attached to her own skin, adorning her body as if she herself was created with those diamonds on her.

To top the whole amazing wardrobe off, Hannah had her breathtaking angel wings on display. Her additional feathery limbs softly fluttered behind her, brushing Cindy's bed and glowing a radiant white glow. Above Hannah's lovely blonde hair was a soft white halo that illuminated her perfectly gorgeous face from above like a sun shining through the clouds. 

Beyond the fact that Hannah's own wardrobe now dawning magical properties was the simple fact that it seemed as though Hannah herself was made of light. Cindy could see her face, the curves of her bare body, and the fact that Hannah was smiling down at her, but Cindy could also see the wall behind her right through her body. Her skin was also covered in a strange glitter, like stardust that sparkled and swirled about her skin. She wasn't completely solid as wisps of light radiated slowly off of her body. Hannah seemed so content with her current state. She simply rested on Cindy's bed in her sheer toga-like attire with her nude figure on display, her wings softly batting behind her, and her celestial jewelry accenting her perfect body. Hannah's new angel costume was nothing short of pure beauty.

"I think this is what a goddess looks like, don't you?" Hannah said as she looked down at the injured Cindy. "Oh, I hurt you!" Hannah said, pretending to be shocked but at the same time wanting to put Cindy in her place. Blood dripped down Cindy's face as a result of her crash. Sad that her extraordinary entrance had caused Cindy pain, Hannah simply extended her bare hand with her magic jewels and rings towards Cindy. Light suddenly radiated down from Hannah's hand onto Cindy, and Cindy felt warm. The cuts on her face and head quickly healed, and a refreshing sense of calm came over Cindy. Hannah returned her hand to the soft sheets of Cindy's bed having cured her friend of all her ailments, both internal and external.

Cindy had never witnessed Hannah's magic this powerful. Hannah was on a high like no other.

"Sorry, honey. I guess my entrance was a bit grand, but ... well, I've been living in my magic these past months." Hannah told Cindy. Cindy slowly climbed to her feet, still in her yellow dress and diamonds. She looked down at the naked angel that was now lying in her bed. She looked down Hannah's body, her feathery wings, and her amazing halo that moved with her head as she looked around. It wasn't every night that a real angel visited her apartment. The fact that Hannah could just materialize dressed up like an angel was something that Cindy was probably going to have to get to used to.
