 Author's Note: this is a chapter in a 100,000-plus word novel set in the not too distant future along the East Coast of what is now the USA. I wrote the book years ago, longhand.

As always, all work is copyright, and though there is not a lot of sex in the story, all characters involved in any are over the age eighteen.

*****

We sailed north. Or rather I sailed. Rex knew nothing of boats or even of the outdoors. The vikings had made it impossible for him to get back into the hole. We listened, but heard no sign of anyone trapped beneath. Most of his life 

had been spent in there - the city beneath the surface. He claimed they produced their food there, growing plants in water much as we do, but under lights other than the sun.

He did know one thing that helped. After leaving Mentor and Betty on the beach, with work nearly completed on their smack, he had me steer into an inlet perhaps six miles up the coast.

There were rivers, 'canals' he said, running together and a main river separated from the ocean by a series of long thin islands. It was not truly a river: the water was salt, but it was long and thin with land on both sides. To me it was a river. No horizon anywhere. There was rarely much current though, except near the inlets from the sea.

The going was easy, except for patches of leafy green water plants choking the river in the more shallow parts. In one such place, I was in the stern poling the smack along to help the wind. The water vines slowed the boat badly when the wind was light; we were nearly at a rest now. I could take long strokes with the pole since the bottom was no deeper than my height. 

The slight wind increase as we slid forward with each push was a pleasure on my face. I preferred the open water for sailing, but we both feared being sighted by viking raiders if we traveled on the ocean.

From his place in the bow holding the small jib out with a pole to catch what little wind we could, Rex gasped and jumped back, stumbling over a cleat. The sail went limp and then cracked hard against the sheet holding it. A large grey mass had surfaced and was gliding by right alongside the gunwale.

What I saw had neither head nor tail nor dorsal fin, but a shiny body darker than a porpoise and bigger. As big around as a two man hug. Finally the tail came up. It was rounded and fleshy like the body, moving at a sluggish pace. 

No other kind of motion worked in the thick plant growth. It slid entirely under water then, the massive body and half-formed tail barely leaving a trace as the surface closed silently above them.

We both scanned the water, my hands on the now motionless pole, Rex's tight on the one he had used to hold out the now-forgotten jib. About thirty feet astern, near where the mass had disappeared, a whiskered head rose up, watching us. I pushed and we continued away from it. Another bobbed to the surface ahead and off to the port side by the length of the boat, chewing the leaves that slowed us so. They were certainly not human, but their eyes watched us as though studying, curious but so far not threatening.

"Sea cows!" I remembered reading of the discovery of America by the ancients. "Rex, they're manatoos. No. Manatees. The first sailors here mistook them for mermen and mermaids. They're harmless."

The holer looked at me strangely, his eyebrows wrinkled. "How do you know what they are if you have never seen one before?"

"I read it, in a book. At home. I have read many books." Maybe many was an exaggeration but I was proud of my reading. Few of the people could, or wanted to. I did both and had read every book in the library at least twice. Even 

in the sealed chamber we kept them, most were in the process of falling apart. Many had pages missing. A few were intact, but made no sense. As a judge-to-be, the first male to be such in many years, I was required to know of as many things as possible. 

So I knew of Christopher Columbus, who had landed on El Leuthra at least 600 years before. I also knew of manatees, called sea cows, and a hairier relative of theirs, the dugong. There had been another relative, much much bigger, but ancients had hunted and eaten them until there were no more.

Soon, as the afternoon progressed, the wind picked up and we cleared that section of leaf-choked river.

---

"Rex, did you have books in your city?" I almost did not want to know. The thought of new books being so close and then destroyed felt horrible.

"Of course. Many, many books." His shoulders squared.

"Did you read them?"

"Well, we members of Security-" he always said the word with a special emphasis - "rarely had time for such things. There were more important matters to attend to. We left the books and tapes to those not so busy as ourselves."

"But you can read?" I doubted it.

"Let us just say that my skills are rusty: I have not in a very long time." His shoulders were not so square. I had to get along with this holer, so I did not question his answer further.

We had made good progress toward the North and Delta. I guessed we covered as many as forty miles one day, usually twenty five or thirty. We tied up to shore at night, sleeping under the stars when we could see them, or under the propped-up mainsail when clouds covered them and it smelled like rain. A valve in the sail passed the rainwater to the holding tank in the bilge.

It was easy to hook or spear enough fish to eat, but they were strange to me. I knew every fish of the reef, the mangroves, the banks, and Pelagius - the deep ocean, where the bottom dropped from six feet to six thousand in the space 

of a minute's sail. It was the open mouth of the world, waiting for no one knew what before it slammed shut again.

The fish here in the river, specially as the days passed and the water became murkier and less salty, were bottom feeders. Many had a fringe by their mouths like a goat fish for stirring up food, but they had the tough skin of a triggerfish. Fortunately, the knife Rex carried had a sharp, sturdy blade. There were crabs too and they were different as well, but we ate them just the same. They tasted better than the red land crabs from home. Rex also had the thing he had killed the Mayan with, an Old world gun. He said it would work fourteen more times, at best.

One night we tied up well before dark, as we had seen several large beasts near the shore. Hair covered them and they had long pointy heads. Rex went into the trees alone, saying he needed to be quiet. I waited and built up the fire we burned nightly in the stone-lined pot that hung from the boom. As the dry wood settled and flames burnt low, I heard again the sharp crack from the fight at the hole. The silence seemed greater than before. I threw more broken branches on the coals.

Before long I could hear a cracking of twigs and rustling of dry leaves. If it was Rex, he was making much more noise than when he had left. It was. On his back, two legs protruding forward on either side of the holer's smiling face, sat a large hairy creature like those we had seen along the shore.

Rex heaved the body down on the small mud beach and drew deep breaths. "That buck must weigh eighty pounds! Kade, have you ever seen antlers like those?" He leaned forward, supporting himself with hands on knees.

"Do you mean the branches on its head? I've never seen antlers or bucks before today, Rex." It looked like a small bony tree had grown from in front of each ear. "The others didn't have antlers."

"Those were does: female deer. This is a male, a buck. If this guy had seen you in the woods he would have run you through with those 'branches' before you knew what had happened. He tried it with me but I was ready. Look." He pointed proudly to a bloody hole in the beast's neck. I wondered how he had hit it there with his gun if the buck had been running at him, its antlers pointed for the kill. They did look like fearsome weapons, though.

The holer then drew his knife and slit open the belly of the deer. The raw meat was deep red, like a tunny, or the strong meat just below the skin of the stingray. It bled more than any thing I had ever cleaned, even a turtle.

He spitted chunks of meat and set them roasting over the fire. The smell was strong but far from unpleasant. The red color never left it, but became less bright, almost grey. Rex pulled a spit off and pressed a finger into the meat. Satisfied, he took a bite off one edge.

"Ah. Red meat. I was dying for anything other than fish. Here, try some."

I took the skewer he offered. I was hungry, especially after he cooked it so long. Even a thick fish steak would have been cooked and eaten by now. If I were at home, I might have walked to the ocean-side beach and smoked and laughed if there were others or thought if there was none. But I was here, on a murky river of mud with a fish-hating stranger. I ate.

The deer tasted strong. Earthy. Full of strange spices and wood and blood. There was nothing of the sea in it at all. The meat was tough, passive, but with none of the active resistance of conch. The next bite tasted better, less of a surprise. One small piece filled me, blood-red buck resting heavy in my gut.

Rex ate and ate. All the while he cooked. "It will not keep raw. We might as well cook it all and take it with us."

He leaned back and patted his bulging belly. "Now that I call eating." He started wriggling his shoulders as he always did before sleep. Sleep stayed far from my mind. The more meat I smelled cooking, the more meat I saw eaten, the heavier the lump in my stomach grew. Now the lump stirred, and began to move around. My mouth filled with spit.

I crawled a little ways amongst the trees. My stomach knew what was needed and thew the red invader back out my throat and my nose. Again and again he threw, long after any remained to be expelled. My belly was in knots, my knees pulled tight. I rested my cheek on the dirt.

---

I awoke, my gut still convulsing. I moaned. My mother came to me and said how she missed me. Would I be coming home soon? The reef called and the waves and the laughing gulls in their raucous rising cries. Kirla and Mari called, their warm smooth bodies missing mine. The juice of my stomach was wet on my cheek as I pressed it again to the earth.

I saw my mother again and my father. His face was as always, blurry, rearranging. He was big, as big as she. She paddled a boat, with two hulls like the Mayans, over the deep reef.

She stood and called out but I could not hear the words. She threw three magic stones - soundless in the surge of the swell - in an arc toward the open sea and the world the Olders themselves called Old. She grasped a hoop on which hung the dry husks of old coconuts. She shook it in the water with her strong arm jerking, then stopped and called again. She shook the rattle again, sending spray up to her shoulder, wetting the ends of her hair.

She called a shark with a wild determination I had never seen on her stern face. I had never seen my mother wild like this, angry and potent as the fishlord she called.

I saw my father, in the waves. His mouth gaped open, his eyes wide. He looked clearer now and as much like me as any brother could. My mother still rattled and called, seeming to grow as he shrunk in the waves.

The shark came. A tiger. Far enough under that his tail just disturbed the surface after a swell had passed. He was not prowling, but answering a summons, angling toward a small figure bouyed in the waves. He had the thick girth of a successful bull. My father could not possibly see him, but his pain was complete. He flailed in the water, kicking as open jaws rolled on their side and reached for him and his mate cried a name silently once more. I rolled over and away as the teeth bit into my ribs, trying to avoid the points. They did not follow.

I felt dirt beneath me. There was no shark and my father was dead. Another bite, this one from a spear held by an ancient man standing above me, as naked as I.