 Alicia woke up with an uncomfortable fullness in her bladder.

"Sherry, you awake...? Sherry, wake up! Damn you!"

"...Hngg... What's up?"

"If you don't want me to pee in your bed, let me out!"

Alicia knew that lamias were not really early risers, but she did not think that it would be that bad. She slept all night in the coils of Sherry, feeling safe and secure - and a little numb, Sherry squeezed her tight - but she had fairly urgent bathroom duties. Since Sherry did not respond, she started wriggling her body until the coils loosened around her to allow her to escape. She tried to avoid thinking about sex, but it was not an easy task - Sherry's tight hug and soft, full breasts against her back was a very recent memory.

However, she had other things to do first. After doing the daily necessities and cleaning, she dressed up in her usual thong-tight leather pants-scarf top combo. She would have felt trashy about her visible thong straps in the past, but now that she sported an uncoverable chain that was way kinkier, it was not a big deal, it just made her feel more sexy.

Her destination was the pub that Charles mentioned. According to him, it was an ideal spot if you were looking for a job and knew how to handle a weapon. She left her bastard sword at home - being armed was forbidden in every pub and tavern in the Piercer, unless you were part of the official city guard, probably because of a few bloody tavern brawls in the past. Not that fights were uncommon nowadays, but at least the number of casualties decreased. 

Alicia was not worried, however. Yesterday's positive events lightened up her mood, and she felt she could take on anyone one on one in an unarmed fight - she had more than ample experience. 

She had no problems finding the pub - it was named "Snakebite", cheekily mocking every lamia in the city. What was not-so-cheeky was the stairs that lead down into the bar - stairs were not really compatible with snake lower bodies. Nevertheless, Alicia did not care that much, she just walked down and in and looked around.

Frankly, it was a shady place. The lack of windows and thick smoke resulted the whole bar being shrouded in darkness- it was a stereotypical "bad place". It was filled to the brim with tables and drunks, and there was an ongoing bloody fistfight in the back while the people around cheered them to go on.

Alicia smiled - this brought back memories. She was used to this, she got most of her job assignments and missions from places like this where she had to prove herself first. Especially as a woman, she was only considered as a valid mercenary after she bloodied some noses who questioned her capabilities.

However, that was years ago, at a different place and time - now she will have to prove her worth again to be taken seriously. And being flossed all the way through with a chain did not help in that. With a sigh, she dove in the noisy, drunken crowd, aiming to get a beer first before finding a place to sit.

After getting her drink, and elbowing a few people who tried to grope her, she spotted an empty chair at the wall. However, just as she sat down, she heard a cry of frustration behind her.

"Damn that chick! She couldn't find a better time to get sick, did she? Am I supposed to do this alone?!"

The voice came behind her, in a room separated by a curtain that was probably reserved for employees. It was a female voice, and was filled with frustration. Alicia waited a few moments to see if anyone else would respond, but when no one did, she checked it out.

The girl behind the curtain was busy dressing, or at least she tried to. She was small and skinny, but her most prominent feature (at least from behind) was a chain that immediately caught Alicia's attention.

It was an all-the-way through chain, not unlike Alicia's, but a different design. It went right through the body, mouth-to-ass, but unlike Alicia's, it didn't link up front, but rather in the back - it emerged from between her buttocks, going up until it split into two chains to go around her neck and head.

The whole design of it amazed Alicia, who became mesmerized by the sight. It was much tauter than hers (even though she considered hers pretty tight before), it visibly forced the girl to always keep a good posture to keep the chain at least somewhat slack.

"Hey, you there! Will you help me or not?"

The girl's sharp voice finally broke Alicia's daydreaming. She summarized the situation. The girl was obviously in the middle of dressing up, only wearing a short grass skirt while her top lay on the ground. She probably dropped it down by accident and became frustrated when she was unable to simply pick it up - she was apparently unable to bend over. Alicia, while keeping her eyes on the girl, picked the clothing up and gave it to her.

"Thanks. My partner and I usually dress together, and she always helps me in things like this. I just became frustrated, this chain is more than annoying at times. Wait a second, who are you? You seem to be flossed yourself."

Alicia nodded. "I'm Ali. I just heard a shout, so I just checked it out. I'm just a customer here. Who are you?"

The girls eyed each other up and down. "I'm Jezzine, but everyone calls me String."

"Does it have to do anything with you looking like a... bow from the side? A chain being the bowstring, and you being the body of it?"

"It obviously does, smartypants." She smirked. "And you seem to have interesting additions to your physique as well. Would you mind helping me a bit? Or, rather, you mind if I check you out? You seem interested in me as well. My shift is in an hour, I just came in earlier to get ready. I have time for some... well, sexy time."

At first Alicia wanted to protest, but she was just too curious. Jezzine (or, well, String) was a tiny thing, almost a head shorter than her, with dirty blonde, shoulder length hair, a cute but forgettable face and brown eyes. Her boobs were small, a B cup at most, but perky and shapely, and totally uncovered at the moment. 

"Hmm... sure, I guess I don't mind. Do you have a quieter place than this? One that is separated by more than that curtain over there from the drunkards in this place." It was just a smallish dressing room.

String rolled her eyes. "I work here as a dancer, sweetie. Most of them already seen me naked, and the ones that didn't are about to do in the evening. So I don't really care, and no, I do not have a place more secure than this anywhere close. If you are worried about any intruders then just keep quiet. There is a comfy sofa over there tough, we can make ourselves comfortable. We will make it work, yes?"

Alicia was about to reply that String's own loud voice was the very thing that brought her here, and if it brought her in, it might bring others - but she saw no point, it was obvious that the girl could not be bothered by such things. However, Ali was too curious to refuse the offer, and exploring this exotic piece of a woman seemed like a worthy time investment. She just hoped that they can do it quietly. Even though she considered doing the same job just a few days ago as the girl right before her, right now she felt a high need for discretion.

Sting already took her answer as a yes as she walked straight to the sofa. The way her chain (it was actually golden, Alicia realized) emerged from between the folds of her grass skirt was exciting. Her own piece of metal was already really hard to dress around, but this one was something else. Anything String wore had to be backless, or had to be fastened between the chain and the skin. 

"Stop daydreaming. Just show me what you got - I will show mine!" String was energetic, and was already busy undressing. She sat down on the bed, still with a straight back, and undid her grass skirt. It came off in two pieces (a really convenient design for her), leaving her only in a pair of skimpy green panties, matching the color of the earlier upper clothing. She set her skirt aside, careful not to drop it down - it would be inconvenient to pick up later for her.

Alicia could only scratch her head. This girl was a natural - they only met a few minutes ago, and she had no problems getting naked in front of her. She could never do that - or at least not without feeling embarrassed about it. Their ideal careers were different for sure.

That said, her curiosity was piqued by this chick. Making sure that the curtain was closed, she walked over to the sofa.

"You seem to have no trouble walking around so casually. No wonder, your chain is a front-closing style. At least it rubs over your pussy, doesn't it? It also looks quite slack to me. Come on, don't be shy, undress already."

This girl was quite chatty. She was also wrong - a few days ago she could barely walk without making an orgasming mess of herself, and her chain was anything but slack. Still, she has gotten used to it somewhat - just a light, constant state of arousal and an ever-present tugging sensation that disabled some of her movements. She actually coped with it really well, managing to function like a normal person, she realized. 

String already removed her own panties, and was busy tugging Alicia's pants and thong down. "Could you step out of them, will you? I can't exactly bend over to totally strip you, if it wasn't clear enough. I really like that high-cut thong you got there, I have a few like that on my own. You also seem to be quiet one. Not used to the chain yet, are you?"

Alicia had no problems speaking whatsoever (Nelf's good design made sure of that), but she felt like String talked as much that it was more than enough for both of them. The dancer girl seemed like a very annoying person on the long run - on the short run, however, it was worth tolerating her constant chit-chat. She carefully stepped out of her pants and thong, blushing as String fixed her gaze on her pussy.

"Wow, the chain actually goes between your labia lips! Never would have figured. Doesn't it rub you raw? Especially your clitty? It probably does, doesn't it?"

"It's okay. I wouldn't mind you loosening it up a bit tough. It pinches slightly."

"Happy to help! Just lay on your back, will you? I'm much more comfortable up top. I can't even sleep on my back anymore."

And with that, she pushed Alicia down, then promptly turned into the standard 69 position and slowly spread her thighs more and more until her legs were in an almost perfect split, her pussy was right in front of Alicia's face. It was her only way of lowering her lower body in this position, but she had the adequate skills to do just that. 

Alicia had no choice but to dig in - her face was full of pussy. It was shaved, pretty and moist. Her tongue quickly found the clitoris peaking from between the labia lips, while her hands went higher seeking the chain emerging from between the buttocks. She found it quickly, the cool metal under her fingers, like a bridge, going above the arch of the dancer girl's lithe body. It resembled the string of a lute, but when she pulled on it, instead of a musical noise, she only got a grunt from the girl.

"Careful with that! It already pulls hard on my insides, you don't need to make it harder for me to eat you out. My chainer told me that she made a mistake when measuring the length, and it is a few links shorter than it should be, but I'm stuck with it and used to it now, and... mfff!"

Alicia had enough of the chit-chat as she pushed the girl's head down towards her crotch, not caring about String's obvious discomfort at the moment. "You should use your mouth for something more productive. Just pull the chain to the side so it doesn't pinch. Get to it!" 

This seemed to do the trick - either the girl needed someone to lead her, or her submissive side emerged by Alicia's sudden forcefulness, it did not matter. What mattered was that she seemed awfully experienced in eating pussies out.

However, Alicia did not fall behind - even though the foreign tongue felt amazing inside her, she intended to return the favor, doing her best to mimic the dancer's movements. The danger of discovery was imminent - just a flimsy curtain separated them from the noisy inn, but it made all the more exciting. Alicia even had the composure to orgasm quietly, while pushing her crotch in her partner's face when she reached the big O as well to muffle her.

"That felt amazing, lover. However, it was much too vanilla. Hmm, I have an idea that I always wanted to try it with someone who was a weak gag-reflex like me. Wait a sec." String was back to her chatty self as she slowly and gingerly pulled her legs under her then stood up, looking for something that Alicia did not see. She returned with a ridiculously long, double-headed dildo. It was at least 1 m (3,3ft) in length and had a shiny black surface. 

Alicia had no idea at first why and how this contraption came to be, and what purpose it served, but it became more obvious when String pushed it between her boobs and under her chin, measuring it.

"Here is the challenge. We deepthroat this big bad guy from both ends, and we kiss when we meet at the middle. I hope you are up to the challenge, because if you refuse, or we fail to kiss, I will scream loudly and the whole bar will be in here in a heartbeat. And by your earlier reactions you don't want that."

Alicia could only roll her eyes at that proposal. Blackmail for this, really? And how will she scream with her mouth full of dildo? The chain was one thing, it was much thinner and was aided by magic, but talking with this dildo in one's throat was totally impossible. 

And she did not even actually minded the challenge. This String girl was far from being smart, but at least she had good ideas, and tools to match. This might be fun. She nodded, agreeing.

String could only smile. "I hoped you are up for it! I am quite experienced in giving deepthroats, but I can only take about half of this long snake there. Just lay on your back like this, it is the easiest way, I will manage somehow on top of you."

And with that, she unceremoniously pushed the dildo into Alicia's mouth who was about to complain, then took the other end of it into her own oral opening and climbed on top of her. Alicia had flashbacks - she recently took quite a bit of lamia tail in her throat, and she was about to do something similar again. At least the black dildo was thinner, softer, and had an even girth. 

She had no problems at the beginning, she adjusted the angle with ease, and with slow, small, back-and forth motions, she pushed it deeper and deeper down her throat. Only after a couple of minutes did she open her eyes to watch String pull her top off of her boobs - apparently she was already done with her own half, her throat bulging obscenely around the soft toy, her lips forming a wide O just inches away from the white circle that marked the half-point of the toy. She was already done and waiting, her eyes challenging Alicia to follow her example.

Well, she might have to wait a bit - or rather, she might have to work overtime, Alicia thought as she grabbed the cocky dancer's head and pushed it towards hers. String wanted to resist at first, but she had no real options to escape - a gigantic dildo filled her up probably way down to her stomach while her chain disallowed her to twist or turn out of this. And on top of it, Alicia was much stronger, and she did not let up.

Not that she had an easy job herself - she was also taking more and more of the dildo down her own throat, her long lost gag-reflex finding its way back some extent. That did not repel her however, as she kept pulling and pulling on her partners head, only leaving small pauses to rest for a moment, until most of the dildo disappeared between them.

String was pretty out of it at this point - she did not even try to resist, or even more anymore, her brown eyes gazing into nothingness. She was fully and utterly packed full of dildo, her oral stretchiness and lack of gag reflex reaching its limits. Alicia felt no sorry for her - it was her idea, after all, even though the contribution was not exactly even.

The girl needed no pity, however - when she felt Alicia's tongue trying to enter her own mouth on the underside of the dildo, she was instantly revived. The two tongues finally met, and they circled each other, making use of every inch of available space under the dildo.

With her last final pull of her hand, Alicia rotated her head slightly to the side to avoid bumping noses into each other, and their lips finally met. It was hard to call it a kiss, but it was pretty close, considering their circumstances. With their job well done, her hands looked for different locations, finding her partner's firm buttocks and butthole. She felt the later up with her finger - it was distorted slightly, the chain pulling it upwards even more than usual, the tension of the dildo moving things around. Her other hand went further to the perineum, not exactly reaching the nearby pussy, but getting close.

String was not idle either - her own hands settled for the two pair of boobs nearby, using one to massage her own while squeezing her partner's with the other, comparing the firmness and size of them while pinching a nipple or two. She did her best to give a full-fledged kiss to Alicia, forcing as much of her flexible tongue inside her partner's tightly stretched O mouth as possible, the two pairs of lips pushing against one another.

They exploded simultaneously in a gut-wrenching, gagging orgasm - it was not comfortable, but it was very intense. Alicia felt her own throat squeeze and loosen rapidly, and she did her best to ease more and more dildo out of her mouth as the pressure let up, her body having enough filling for a while.

She was able to dislodge the remaining dildo with ease, then squirmed out from below String's limp body. She realized that she took about 40% of the dildo down her throat - quite an achievement in itself. What amazed her even more was String.

The dancer girl just lay motionless on her stomach, her arms and legs unable to support her weight, her head slightly turned to the side with the dildo still protruding from her mouth. About half of it was still inside her, and she had no energy to remove it herself. She looked up with pleading eyes while grunting quietly, asking for help.

Well, she will get none of that, Alicia smirked evilly while dressing up. She threatened her in the first place. Alicia contemplated about using the dildo sticking out of String's mouth for one more round, this time using her pussy or ass, but she decided against it - she was satisfied for a moment. Fully dressed, she walked out, letting the helpless, naked girl lay on the sofa, her mouth and throat still full of dildo.

"String needs some help in there! Anyone cares to help her?!" she shouted into the crowd.