 Tabi laid on her bed, tears pouring from her eyes. The rest of the day had seemed to fly by in a blur after she and Darin found Warrn. Darin had rushed back and returned with a couple of his friends. Darin had pulled Tabi away while his friends had moved to Warrn. They had lifted him up and rushed him to the medical building in Oakrin. 

Tabi hadn't been able to stop crying since. She had stood in the corner of the room while Warrn was attended to until Patrice finally sent her back to her room.

It had been a couple of hours since Tabi had made it back to her room. At first she had hoped that her bed would comfort her enough that she could fall asleep. Unfortunately her emotions were at war with each other. The worry at what would happen with Warrn had worn at her until she was mentally exhausted. Still the worry that filled her kept her from sleeping until she was sure that he was going to be alright. Tabi reached up and wiped the tears from her eyes as she tried to get calm enough for sleep to claim her. 

She was a little upset with Patrice, but understood that her Captain and friend was only trying to help by sending her away. She knew that she could trust Patrice to watch over Warrn until he woke up.

Tabi was so distraught and fighting with her body for sleep that she didn't hear her door open and moments later close. If she hadn't been as worn as finding Warrn had made her she might have noticed that she wasn't alone in the room anymore. Her body was tense, which should have been a warning, but she attributed it to how tired she was.

"You look so beautiful. Even with the tears coming from your eyes." The voice of Craid Mareth caused Tabi's eyes to shoot open. She was on her feet before she realized it.

"What are you doing here?" Tabi shuffled her feet so that she was about ten feet from where Craid was standing.

"I thought I would see if you needed comforting." Craid grinned. The sly wolf like grin was typically on Craid's face. Even more so when he was around Tabi trying to get her to change her mind. The smile combined with Craid's chiseled features had manipulated many women into his bed. Tabi however would never feel swayed by it.

"Get out of my room!" Tabi edged forward, her right foot leading toward Craid.

"I didn't do anything to him." Craid shook his head buy Tabi could see a little twitch at the corner of Craid's left eye. She had noticed the tell a year earlier, after Craid had attacked Warrn a few days after Warrn failed his second trails.

"I know you did something!"

"Why should I bother with him. Why waste my time on him. He wasn't ever going to pass anyway." Craid took a step toward Tabi. "You're wasting your time with him! That idiot isn't good enough to be a member of the Gray Cloaks!"

"Stop talking about him like he doesn't matter!" Tabi's body began to shake with rage. She edged forward and threw a kick with her right leg. Craid was already moving himself. He rolled his body back and away to Tabi's left. He waited for her momentum to move her a little passed him before he unleashed a punch that caught her in the gut. The wind rushed from Tabi's lungs, and she started to collapse almost immediately. Craid lunged forward and wrapped her up in his left arm, lifting her as she did.

"You only seem to have a temper when it comes to dealing with Warrn." Craid smiled. "Your body is so tense, a novice fighter could have read that coming." He slid his hand up to cup Tabi's left butt cheek as he moved her toward the bed. "I am going to do you a favor. I am going to help you relax."

Tabi could do nothing but wheeze as she tried to regain her breath. Craid was pushing her abdomen down against his stomach making it hard for her to do so. He squeezed her ass and she gasped, which only seemed to make it harder to breathe. Craid slid his hand up again and grabbed the waistband of Tabi's pants. It was then that she truly understood the trouble that she was in. She was all alone. Nobody would be able to save her from Craid. She was weakened from the trials of the day, and now she was going to pay for it.

Craid flipped her body up and toward her bed. The momentum of the maneuver causing her pants to pull free from the upper part of her legs. Tabi was finally able to take a full breath as she hit the mattress. Still she was trying to keep her wits about her. She lashed out with a kick that Craid caught. This turned into a mistake as Craid grabbed the bottom of the pant leg and started to tug it off of Tabi's leg. She lashed out with her other leg, not realizing she had just made the same mistake as Craid caught it and started to pull Tabi's pants off. Tabi reached down and grabbed at the waist of her pants, trying to keep them on. 

Craid leaned over her and caught her off guard with a kiss, an instant later her pants where gone and she was left with only the skimpy undergarments covering her.

Craid's grin grew as he stood up and looked down at the skimpy material covering Tabi's crotch. His eyes roamed up Tabi's body, undressing her upper torso as they did. A moment later he sprung into action, leaning his body down on Tabi as she tried to fight back. He grabbed the collar of her shirt and yanked down and apart, ripping the front of the sleeveless shirt in half down the front. 

He leaned down and took the nipple of her right breast into his mouth, and then chomped down tightly causing Tabi to let out a squeak of pain. "Going to have to fix that." Craid grumbled as he switched to the other breast and clamped down on Tabi's left nipple. He ripped a strip of fabric from the torn shirt and then tied it around Tabi's mouth gagging her as he settled into her body. 

"I'm going to enjoy this. Just relax and let it make you feel better."

Tabi's eyes widened when she realized what was going to happen to her. She kicked out with her legs, this time actually catching Craid in his left thigh. The contact didn't even phase Craid as he leaned over Tabi and pressed his lips to her's once more. Tabi tried to punch him this time, but it just resulted in her arm being caught. Craid leaned up and and slightly to the left as he moved his right hand down to grasp the last item of clothing that Tabi had left. He slid his hand underneath the hem and let the tips of his fingers play over Tabi's clit as he did. She let out a slight gasp that caused Craid to smile just before he plunged his forefinger into Tabi.

If she hadn't been gagged the scream that Tabi let out would have let anyone in the immediate area know something was happening. Craid kissed her again as she screamed, muffling the sound even more than just the gag. Craid's thumb maneuvered around so that he could rub it against Tabi's clit while he added another finger to her pussy. She stiffened as a little shock shot through her body, tears started to come again as she realized that she couldn't do anything to stop Craid. Craid also realized that he was in complete control. He sat up and away from Tabi as she resigned herself to what was happening. Tears continued to pour from her eyes as she watched Craid moved down so that his head was between her legs.

He took in a deep sniff as he dipped down between Tabi's legs. Her body stiffened again as she felt Craid's tongue against the skin just above her clit. His thumb rubbed a couple more time before he brought his tongue down and slowly licked at the clit. A fire shot through Tabi as she came. Craid laughing as he clamped down and began sucking on Tabi's nub. He rode her as her hips bucked and rolled, the orgasm that hit her continuing as Craid manipulated her. The orgasm seemed to go on for minutes, and finally Tabi collapsed back against the bed as the feeling of ecstasy washed over her. 

She didn't notice Craid standing and pulling down his own pants. She didn't notice him position his rigid cock against her lips. She was barely coming down from the feeling when he plunged into her sending a rolling shock wave through her body again.

Tabi started feeling the intensity rise as Craid fell into a rhythm. Gasps of pleasure started to pass through the gag, accompanying Craid's own. She knew that she shouldn't but the rocking of her hips against his felt so good. He moved in and out of her, seeming to actually work so that she felt pleasure, before he felt her tightening around his cock. 

Craid leaned in and took the left nipple into his mouth. He again chomped down, this time hard enough that it broke the skin and left the imprint of his teeth around it. 

For Tabi it only caused the orgasm that she was on to continue on, her body now visibly shaking underneath Craid. After what seemed like an hour Craid himself stiffened and pumped stream after stream deep into Tabi. He let out a groan that was louder than it should have been, but the pleasure that he felt cumming inside of Tabi was worth it.

________________________________________

Darin stood outside of Tabi's room. He had arrived five minutes earlier and decided to stand outside just in case Tabi had fallen asleep. It wasn't until he heard the groan from inside that he felt something was wrong. He turned and kicked open the door, letting it swing into the room before following it. What he found shocked him. Craid Mareth was laying between Tabi's legs, his cock softening inside of her. Tabi turned to look at him, some of the light gone from her eyes, but still a smile showing on her face. 

"What do you think you're doing!" Darin moved across the room as Craid realized that he was no longer alone with Tabi.

Craid moved to meet Darin. He ducked under the larger man's first attack, bringing his right hand in a hammer fist to the spot on the outside of Darin's left leg just above his knee. The large man's leg buckled a little, causing him to swing away from Craid. Craid moved around to his left, and got to Darin's back before lashing out with a kick that caught Darin in the back of his right knee. 

Darin pitched forward, his knees hitting the ground, as Craid lunged forward and grabbed Darin around his neck. He leaned forward placing his head to the right of Darin's. "I always hated you." Then with a quick twist he snapped Darin's neck.

It was only afterward that Craid realized what he had just done. He moved over to Tabi's chest and started shoving stuff into a bag. He grabbed a shirt and helped Tavi get dressed before standing her up and moving her out of the room. "We need to go precious."

"Where?" Tabi was still out of it as Craid moved her through the hallways and to his room.

"I don't know yet." Craid leaned in and kissed Tabi before he opened the door and pushed her inside. He pushed her down on his bed and then began to move around the room gathering his gear. Five minutes later Craid had everything that he wanted. He looked around one last time before grabbing Tabi by the hand and pulling her behind him as he made his way out of Oakrin.

_____________________________________

It was early the next morning that Darin's body was found in Tabi's room. Agnis Elkens knelt next to the body of her fallen squad mate with a frown on her face. She leaned in and kissed his face, it looked peaceful and Darin could have been sleeping, if his neck wasn't cocked at an odd angle. Deep in her heart Agnis was sad. Darin had been like a brother to her, and now someone had taken the bright light that he was and snuffed it out.

What really truly hurt was that Patrice the loss of a partner. Agnis had always shared a stronger bond with Darin than Patrice and Tabitha. Darin was the strength of the team, Agnis was the support. Kneeling next to his lifeless body made her feel like she had failed him.

"Have you found Tabitha yet?" Agnis turned to the two young men standing outside of the room. Both looked in and just shook their head no before turning to stand guard over the door. "Has anyone gotten hold of Patrice yet?"

"She said that she would be along shortly." A voice said drawing Agnis's attention back to the door. Agnis turned to find her brother standing in the doorway. Bray was younger than Agnis by twelve minutes. The twins had gone through the trials and passed the same year, leaning on each other for support. Though younger he was the taller of the two, only half an inch taller than Agnis's 5'6, but still something that he would bring up when he could. "How are you holding up?"

"I would be lying if I didn't say I was upset." Agnis looked back down at her friend, feeling a tear roll down her cheek. "I want to find whoever did this, Whoever killed my friend needs to be punished." She placed her left hand on Darin's cheek. "If I have to I will do everything to ensure that you are avenged."

"We all will." Patrice said as she walked into the room. She walked over and set her hand on Agnis's shoulder. "It is my fault that Darin is dead. I sent him to make sure that Tabi was alright." She turned to Bray. "Is there any word of her yet?"

"Still nothing." Bray looked down at the ground. "Commander Elissy has men searching everywhere for any sign of her."

"There is no way that Tabi had anything to do with this." Patrice shook her head as she knelt next to Darin's body. She ran the backs of her fingers over his cheek. "Even if Darin came into her room without permission she would never have taken it this far. Mark my words. Someone else is missing."

"How is Warrn?" Agnis looked up to find Patrice blushing. "What did you do?"

"Nothing."

"You're lying." Agnis rested a hand on Patrice's. "I know how much he looks like Elrin. That is why you like him so much."

"Tabi is going to be so upset with me." Patrice looked down in shame.

"You didn't."

"I may have rode him." Patrice whispered. Agnis could only smile as she shook her head. She lifted her hand and stood. After a few pacing steps back and forth she turned to look at Patrice with a grin.

"Was it good?"

"The best I have had since Elrin." Patrice looked up with a grin of her own. 

"Want to see?"

"I think we have more pressing matters at hand." Agnis frowned, deep within her she felt a stirring though. Her thoughts went to the young man. All the time that Tabitha had spent with him had drawn her in as well. The young man was lithe and quick, but still muscular enough to land in Agnis's dreams on occasion. She was always ashamed whenever she woke up after having a sexual dream that included Warrn. Deep within her she longed for his actual touch. 

She wanted to feel him inside of her. Agnis looked up at Patrice and saw her friend and Captain smiling back at her. "The look on your face betrays you." Patrice stood and walked over to Agnis. She leaned in and whispered, the soft sounds increasing Agnis's arousal. "Come with me. I'll let you play with him."

"Isn't he still asleep?" Agnis looked up in confusion, but couldn't help but follow as Patrice led her out of the room. She turned to one of the two young men standing guard at the door. "Tell my brother that I am going to check on Warr and will return in a hour. Hopefully by this time he will have an idea of what happened." 

Agnis felt the tug on her hand as the young man nodded. She turned and hurried after Patrice. She couldn't help the feeling growing within her loins.

________________________________

Ten minutes later Agnis was standing over Warrn as Patrice pulled down his pants. Her heart fluttered with excitement when she saw the manhood resting between his legs. She leaned in close and grabbed the base of his shirt, moving it up to uncover Warrn's six pack abs. 

Her hand ran over the muscles, sending a thrill through her as she watch Patrice begin to massage Warrn's cock. She watched as it slowly grew, expanding until it pushed 7 inches in length. Agnis watched as Patrice leaned down and took the crown into her mouth. Moments later she was bobbing up and down on Warrn's cock, causing the boy to moan out in pleasure.

"Are you sure this is okay?" Agnis felt ashamed again, but deep inside her something cried out for pleasure. She leaned down and planted a kiss on Warrn's abs, then slowly walked her lips down toward his crotch, and closer to Patrice's face. She reached up and ran her left hand down Patrice's cheek. Patrice looked up and smiled around the cock between her lips. She let it fall from her lips and then drew Agnis's face closer to the crown of Warrn's shaft. 

Agnis planted her lips against the very tip. When she pulled away she noticed a clear drop of liquid at the very tip. Her tongue flicked out and over the drop, tasting the precum in the process. Her eyes closed as she savored the taste of Warrn. Then she plunged down over his cock.

Agnis rode his cock all the way down until the tip was resting against the back of her throat. A groan of pleasure escaped her lips as she let herself feel him filling her mouth. She felt Patrice rubbing at her shoulders, but refused to move. She would savor this feeling. She would wait until the air was drawn and the ecstasy of withdraw had heightened her pleasure. 

Agnis felt a warmth inside of her grow as her body began to feel the pain of air deprivation. She rode it until she started to spasm, her core pulsating as she pushed herself into an orgasm that caused her to lift up off of his cock. She looked up at Patrice and smiled. She let a purr of pleasure escape her, and then leaned forward and kissed Patrice.

Patrice took hold of Warrn's cock and started to pump up and down with her hand. She smiled as Agnis stood and started to remove her clothing. She didn't know what it was, but there was something about this boy that just made her want him. She was sure that Agnis felt the same way. Her hand worked up and down until Agnis straddled Warrn and moved her dripping pussy over him. Patrice stopped pumping and lined up the tip with Agnis's lips. 

She played it back and forth over the lips and then held it still as Agnis lowered herself onto it. Agnis's head snapped back as she dropped halfway down the shaft, and then rebounded up to the tip. She did that four more times before she dropped herself all the way down. She shuddered as her body began to orgasm, Patrice reached out and flicked at her clit sending her completely over the edge.

Agnis rocked back and forth over Warrn, feeling the young man's cock start to swell as she did. A smile grew on her face as she lifted up and slammed back down. Warrn reached his hands up and grabbed Agnis's hips. He started to manipulate her, sending her toward another orgasm. His hands lifted to her left breast, an orb a little larger than a grapefruit, but totally soft. 

He squeezed and Agnis let out a moan. "Tabi." Warrn groaned and then opened his eyes and looked into Agnis's brown eyes. His face looked confused for a moment and then his cock exploded sending ropes shooting deep into Agnis's which sent her over the edge. She howled out as passion and warmth filled her body.

"What are you doing?" Warrn started to sit up, grabbing Agnis around the waist as he did. He grimaced in pain, but Agnis didn't notice she was too far gone and still felt the stiff cock of the young man deep inside of her. 

Warrn looked over Patrice who still had a grin plastered onto her face. He looked around the room, the realized that he had some pain in his right arm and pulled it from around Agnis. He looked down at the bandage and a frown formed on his face. He tried to move Agnis, but she just started to rotate herself on his cock, drawing it back to life.

Warrn groaned as he lifted the smaller woman from him. He watched a look of displeasure form on Agnis's face and then she realized what had happened. 

"Warrn! I'm sorry!" Her hands came up to her mouth.

"What did you think you were doing?" Warrn swung his legs off the bed as Agnis stood up and started to get dressed again. Patrice stood up and put her hands on Warrn's legs.

"You should take you time. You have been out since yesterday." Patrice leaned forward and kissed Warrn. "There is something going on that you might want to know about. Tabi is missing."
