 Author's Note: this is a chapter in a 100,000-plus word novel set in the not too distant future along the East Coast of what is now the USA. I wrote the book years ago, longhand, and more recently found the file on a 3.5 inch floppy. So I will try to drop a new chapter regularly as I do simple editing and formatting, but otherwise do my best to leave the story unchanged.

As always, all work is copyright, and though there is not a lot of sex in the story, all characters involved in any are over the age eighteen.

*****

"We came out the secondary ventilation shaft just in time. Whatever explosives they used, it caused a major fireball below. They used smoke outside the main vent. I saw it billowing behind us as we exited. No one could breathe that and live." The holer, named Rex, spoke slowly, clipping his words off like a drum, rather than letting the sounds flow together naturally. I had bandaged the top part of his head, where a gash ran from just in front of one ear to well up beyond his temple. Most of the blood on his shirt was not his.

"Why have these Mayans done this? How could they? What do you know of them?" That a race so alien, so threatening, existed in what I had always known as a world cleansed caused in me a burning. I was horrified but enthralled, wanting to know as much as possible about them and the world itself, a place that had grown much larger to me this day.

"You know nearly as much as I do. From what I heard, they were the New Mayans who came before from the south. I was not in the security detachment on the beach when you arrived. They blew through our main hatch like it was not even there." His deliberate pronunciation made me restless; he sounded as if he spoke to children, or like one. I would have bet that this 'security detachment' fellow did not even know the ancient and regal meaning of his own name, Rex.

Mentor spoke. He looked pale and could not entirely hide his pain, but at least he was sitting up, propped against a tree, and able to speak and listen. "They are like vikings. Raiding parties strike like lightning and disappear. But these raiders carried off nothing. They merely burned and...killed."

Now these people had a label, an identity, like the barracuda. I thought of them as vikings, though they had neither the blonde hair nor the horns on their heads. Like all sea people, I had been threatened by "Watch your wake or the vikings'll get you" from the time I could swim. The viking myth was a shining example of Old World violence, and how close the new one was to returning to that dead-end false channel. We did not know how little difference there was between that world and this.

"Mentor, these vikings know us now. They will seek out our people too and destroy us all. We must do something."

"Yes, Kade, that may be true." He took a deep, labored breath. "But the people cannot fight them. It is not our way and it is not the way of the new world."

The holer broke in. "You people are really that passive? I heard rumors. You will not even defend yourselves? Amazing."

"Holer Rex, we will defend ourselves. But one of the people will not attack another and call it defense. That is the way of the Old World: to name something its opposite to hide the truth. If one does wrong and knowing so calls it right, they are twice wrong." 

Mentor nodded his agreement.

"Then how will you defend yourselves from these Mayans?"

Mentor looked down. I spoke quietly. "I do not know. That is why I fear the people may die. If they are warned, they can avoid the vikings among the home islands, but for how long? The skimming catamarans they sail will run down any smack. I just do not know."

"What if another way could be found? To resist them without killing?"

I looked at the security-man. "Is there such a way? We will not lead them to hurt themselves either."

"I do not know for certain, but the science of old had many ways lost to us. Like the thermo-turbines and solar cells that ran this place, until yesterday. We had men who could fix most of it, but even they did not know how or why it worked. We had a device called a radio. It allowed the Olders, as you call them, to talk to one another over vast distances. 

It had been silent for many years until a few months ago. A green light began to flash above it one day and a technician present turned it on. A voice came out of the box.

" '...dale enclave,' it said in the voice of a young woman's, from what I heard. 'Fort Lauderdale Enclave. If you can hear this, please acknowledge. This is Delta Enclave making first contact. Please reply. Push the button and speak into the transmitter.' There was nothing with a button to speak into but the tech found a red switch that said "transmit" and lit it.

" 'We are trying to reestablish communication between the seven Eastern Enclaves. We have had some success. Please respond. This message will be repeated...' The voice had started to fade in and out when a loud 'pop' and white smoke began seeping through cracks in the top of the radio. It smelled of burned rubber and electricity. Our technicians worked on it, but the voice never returned."

I wanted to learn more of this Old World science and the technicians who made it work, and to smell electricity, but I could not see it helping us. "What good does this female voice do us? How can it, or she, defend us from the Mayan vikings?"

"The radio is only one device the ancients left. Like the transmitter she mentioned, much of the knowledge has been lost. Sure, we can make artificial cloth for your sails and ropes that will not stretch, and other things beyond your

ability - like electric lights and tools, and ventilation systems. But whole corridors below were without air or light, and even the techs could not fix them. Many machines sat around like the radio, with their purpose forgotten. The conceivers of our city - our enclave - stored information both on paper in books, and electrically. Over time, through deterioration and accident, much has been lost. During the Dark Years, when the solar energy was not available to augment the therms, there was no thought given to preserving information for the future. Too much energy was needed just to survive.

"This other enclave, Delta, seems to have maintained more knowledge. They still knew how to speak the radio. Maybe they know other things, things that could help you and your people."

"But we don't know where they are, or how to find them. What good can they do us?" I saw it. I would find the enclave-city, Delta, and save the people. This would be a fit quest for the first male All-breeze in many generations. Then no one would even think to doubt my right to judge. I think now, looking back, I was the only doubter, and I may have been right to doubt.

"We have some idea how to find them. When the voice began to fade, the technician turned the top of the radio back and forth. At one point, lining north-south, roughly, the voice came clean again. Before it completely stopped.

"Also, we may have forgotten many things, but all our children are taught of the Eastern Enclaves, founded in the years before the End. None are near to due south of us, and only two are near north. Neither of those are called "Delta" in any records we have, had. One was somewhere under the Potomac river, for the leaders of the United States. It was always kept apart from the others, and none were not very close. The other to the north was founded by the evangelist and politician Dexter Mullin. A very interesting man. He built his offshore, probably not too distant from the Potomac one. One of these must be Delta. 

--

I was already All-breeze. I would make myself a man. I carried five more bodies to the beach still in their holer suits, where they joined a sixth. He was the Mayan Rex had killed.

Of my people, not enough remained to be properly tied. I carved each of their names into the mahog transom. They were heavy, but I heaved them into what was left of our second smack, and brought each chin down to meet raised knees as they returned to their mothers, knowing finally the long-forgotten womb, death.

A quick lashing kept knees tucked and head down, a procedure I had seen many times, but never of course performed. Generally only the elders did this, not a boy and not a judge. A remembering, inward looking elder. Mentor was one, but could be dying. I judged, and found the present solution the only fitting one.

Stretching and pondering how to get the bodies far enough offshore, I spotted a sail on the horizon, far south of East. I turned for the trees and safety, my heart pounding. I stopped. It seemed to be a fore and aft rig, like a smack, and they could not possibly see me yet. If it was a smack it was Haziel and Betty. It was a boat and I needed one. I had plenty of time.

I looked and found several more pineapples. Two were among the sargassum, floating sluggishly on the little gas balls the fleshy water plant grew. Another, which fell into burnt pulp as I picked it up, was near the high tide line, pa

rt buried in the sand. Two more looked untouched by fire or water since our arrival.

The sail was Haziel and Betty. They were safe. I could clearly make out the sail and profile. The faded grey of the mahogany hull and cabin. I went to tell Mentor and the holer Rex.

--

Looking out between the trees, Rex and I watched the smack approach. I could only see Betty. She was leery, sailing just outside the light surf, scanning the beach. I stepped out, waving, calling.

"Kade!" I heard, faint over the water. She ran to the foredeck and heaved out the wide fluked anchor, already secured to the rode. It would have no trouble digging into the shallow sand. She dropped sail and let the waves carry her in, letting out line on the anchor and then cleating it. By the time the rode pulled taut she was in the cockpit and over the side into belly deep water, plunging ashore with another line attached to the stern. I met her in the foam, and taking the line, lashed it the big stern cleat aboard the William H. Never beach a boat when you are the only one around. You may never get it floating again.

Betty was staring at the names carved on the transom. I interrupted her thoughts. "Where is Haziel? How did you escape the vikings?"

She looked at me strangely. "Who is alive here, Kade?"

"Mentor. Myself. One holer. I think all the rest are dead." My own words brought home the truth to me. So many dead. Most of their bodies burnt or destroyed. In silence I brought her to our little camp. Rex was waiting with Mentor, feeding him bits of yellow fruit.

The elder looked at her and spoke, his voice surprisingly strong. "Betty, where is Haziel? Is he hurt?"

She dropped to her knees. To me she said, "All-breeze Kade, Haziel is dead. The pirates chased us down and killed him with a thrown spear."

I asked, "But how are you alive?"

"They caught us easily, even tacking into the wind. After Haziel went down, squirming on the deck like a fish, they made to leap aboard. I hated them. I pulled the long spear from my man and the first pirate landed on the point as he jumped. He fell into the water between the boats. I threw it then at them, striking the helmsman, who fell on the tiller. Wind caught the sail, sheeted tight, and they turned away from me and across the wind. They capsized. I only saw two swimming, but I could not get to them as they clung to their overturned boat. I could see the mast in the water, pointing to the bottom, and knew that they could not right it themselves. I left them to drown and die with no help finding their ways."

This was not just a recounting of what had happened. Betty was confessing to the worst crime a member of the people had committed in my lifetime, and most likely hers. I was the All-breeze here. I would have to pass judgement.

"Do you have anything to add?"

She shook her head. "No, Kade All-breeze."

"And Haziel, where is he?"

"He is at the bottom now, returned to his mother. His chin and knees will touch forever." Betty, as Haziel's mate, had the prerogative to act as the elder at his death rite. I nodded and placed my left palm on her head as I had seen

my mother do on many occasions.

"You have done a heinous thing, Betty Netweaver. You should have died rather than take the lives of these men. You let your rage carry you to forbidden realms and now know an experience none of the people may know. As All-breeze I give you two tasks to perform, as one that was once of the people. Will you accept?"

Her voice was faint but clear. "I will accept your judgement."

"Mentor must be returned home. The people must be warned of the New Mayan threat and told of their catamarans. You must take him home and warn them. First though, we must use your smack to take the dead offshore and send them on their own ways home."

Mentor pushed himself more upright. His leg was bound and splinted but he could not stand without help. "Why can you not warn them, Kade? This woman is anathema. You and I will sail back in her smack and leave her with the spear she likes so well."

"Be careful lest ye judge, elder. Warning the people is not enough. We must find a way to defend ourselves. Report to my mother. She will have ideas. She will also pass judgement on Betty. Until then she is one of us. The smack 

on the beach can be repaired. It will carry the two of you home. Then a crew must be sent to salvage the William."

"But what of you? What are you planning?"

"I will take Netweaver's boat. The holer and I..."

"Quit calling me 'the holer.' My name is Rex." The holer's face burned red. "Do I have a say in what I do?"

"Hear me out. Rex." I looked directly at him and lowered my voice. I blew out a slow breath and tried to calm my excitement. "You and I will seek out this Delta enclave. Your people are dead. We will check for survivors, but as you said, who could alive in that smoke? Would you rather stay here alone? Delta is the nearest people to your kind and they already know of you. And I need your help. Come with me." 

"I must try to see below. Maybe there are others still alive." He looked more worried than determined as he got to his feet.

"Then look. I hope you are right."

Mentor thumped a fist on the sandy ground. "You think this is all some grand adventure. In search of the unknown. Your place is with the people, by your mother. You are to take her place, not wander off after a rumor of a maybe."

"Mentor, the decision is mine. I know you feel responsible for me on this journey, but circumstances have changed. Drastic measures are called for. This discussion is over. Betty, come with me. We will look to the smacks, and the dead."