 Author's Note: this is a chapter in a 100,000-plus word novel set in the not too distant future along the East Coast of what is now the USA. I wrote the book years ago, longhand, and more recently found the file on a 3.5 inch floppy. So I will try to drop a new chapter regularly as I do simple editing and formatting, but otherwise do my best to leave the story unchanged.

As always, all work is copyright, and though there is not a lot of sex in the novel, all characters involved in any are over the age eighteen.

*****

I was hungry. The old man turned and walked toward the smack; I could see the mast through the hanging branches. I followed him. His butt was large and flabby but his muscles looked like twisted rope.

At the beach's edge he stopped, holding his spear in both hands, waiting for me. His spearhead, a single unbarbed point, looked like white polished stone. When I joined him I started forward, then stayed back shuddering. Rex, the holer, lay on the mud beach, each limb immobilized. His own knife pierced his right wrist, the steel blade buried to the hilt. Haziel's fishspear held his left arm. A long shard of jagged metal pointed to the cloudy sky out of one knee. It might have been a part of the cooking pot. The other leg was unfettered, a small tuft of green, like down, fluttered on his thigh, in the middle of a bloated spot, bruised and ringed with yellow and red.

"Is this creature of your tribe?" The voice next to me rasped and I turned, surprised. The ancient one beside me was a woman. Time had reduced her breasts to large creases and her face to androgyny.

"No. His tribe is dead."

"As is he. As are all those who use the stone that bends."

"I don't understand."

"He is held to the earth with it now. Iron. Metal. The scourge of men and the age gone by."

"So you killed him? For using metal!"

"He killed himself." She brought her gaze from the horizon and looked at me. "Yes, I killed him. And he suffered. Now I will leave him for the lizards."

"But we must send him on his way home. He is not of my people, but I know him, and I know he has no other people."

One eye closed and her lips squeezed together like a wrasse. "You have much to unknow, boy. Come with me." She took hold of my arm, pinching just above the elbow until it hurt. I pulled loose.

I jumped off the small bank and kneeled by Rex. He did not breath. I started to the smack to get rope, to bind his knees, when I felt a sharp bite on my shoulder. I slapped it and something broke away in my hand. A green tuft of down on a needle, like the ones on the trees of Andros. Like the one fluttering on Rex's bruise.

--------------

I awoke underground, with dirt walls all around. My hands were bound behind me. The same wrinkled hag sat in front of a small fire, the smoke of which rose through a hole in the roof above us. A carved wood ladder led to a second hole in the corner beyond her. My shoulders ached as I stretched them.

A face appeared in the second hole and a small body descended the rungs. The boy crouched by my captor. "Is he awake yet?"

"He has newly awakened. Tell them to wait, they will see him enough soon." Her answer was followed by a string of sounds that sounded strange coming from a human throat. The boy bobbed and scurried back up the ladder.

The crone approached me and put a wooden cup to my lips. One hand held up my head. It was thick like soup and the sweetness of it burned. She untied my wrists and helped me to sit up. I felt dizzy and pressed my hands into the fur beneath me, fur not very different from that of last night's buck-deer. If it was last night. Except for this rug I lay on, the floor was nothing but bare packed dirt.

I felt uneasy in this hole in the ground. With dirt over my head. I wanted to stand under the sky. I wanted to run down the sand until a breaking wave took my feet from under me, then run and do it again. Had Rex lived in a hole like this? Bigger, but still a hole.

The woman too made me uneasy. She had killed Rex. Because he had used metal. Could someone truly think that way? Metal made so many tasks easier. Would she have killed me if I had carried my fish spear with me, or if I had been still on the smack? The smack. Where was it? Where was I?

I wondered how far I could be away from it and if this old woman had carried me here. She had killed Rex the "security" man and stretched him out to dry. I would not fight but I must escape.

"Are you feeling better, boy? Your face looked like it had no blood." She bent over me again, causing her empty breasts to swing loosely forward. "Be at peace, child. You are safe among friends."

Peace! "What do you know of peace, murderess? You kill my companion and talk of peace. A weapon of stone or poison kills just as surely as ones of the steel, iron, or bronze of the ancients."

She squinted at me again as she had done at the river bank. "You have much to say. And much to learn. Both will have their day." She turned her back to me and moved to the ladder. She scrambled up and disappeared from view. Her head reappeared. "You use words I do not know, boy. Perhaps you also have something to teach."

With that she was gone. I stood and walked in slow circles around the fire. My shoulder ached where I had pulled away the green tufted needle. Where I had been poisoned. I went to the ladder.

It was wood, the crossbars tightly lashed to notches in a single central pole. I could hear voices, laughing, yelling, singing in words I could not understand, coming from above.

I climbed the ladder, sticking my head out just enough to see around me. The sun, high overhead, made it warmer here than it had been in the hole. My breath came lighter as my sight left the dark walls below. I could see maybe twenty people of all ages spread out before me. Two groups of adults were huddled loosely together. One was mainly women, chatting away in their strange tongue, pounding and carving away at a pile of odd, dirt covered vegetables.

The other group was men, some leaning against the thin smooth trunks of the trees which cluttered the surroundings and obscured the horizon. A few of them applied small tools, apparently of stone, to wooden shafts longer than they were tall: something like my people repairing old fishing spears. Several, though, were hunched over their own feet, the wiry muscles of their backs and shoulders flexing and tightening. I could not make out what they were doing, only the click, clicking sounds they were producing somewhere near their feet.

A gaggle of children, naked as their parents and of all sizes, ran around and through the groups of adults in random patterns. One girl, not more than six years, cut between two of the seated women and knocked one with her small hip as she passed. The woman dropped the large root she held and yelled out a string of sharp syllables. As the girl darted on past the men a light stick, far too thin for a spear like the crone's, landed loudly across her running thighs. She yelped and joined a group playing further away and the adults returned to their work, chatting or crooning as they sat in what sun reached the ground.

No one looked over at me. The crone was nowhere to be seen. The hole I looked out of was the highest point of a dirt hill, descending toward still water in places and disappearing into the trees everywhere else. It looked as though I was high enough up that the room below me would be just above the level of the water.

I retreated a step down the ladder. I needed to go north. Without the holer, Delta would be up to me alone. I would have to find Betty's smack. But how, and when? The crone or another of these metalcrazy people might take me there if I asked. It was possible Or I could go now before they killed me. They were murderers. I had to go.

I looked again outside, Nothing had changed. I climbed out onto the dirt, lighter and drier but otherwise indistinguishable from the floor of the crone's room. A woman neither old nor young looked up and our eyes met. She squawked something. Several heads turned, then dropped back to whatever position they had left. I looked around, stopped to turn in place and gaze openly at my surroundings. Not only was I curious, but I also wanted to appear so. Then my explorings would seem more natural. I strode first to the water, knowing full well that my ultimate path away from these vile savages would be walking through the trees, on land, until I somehow found my boat.

The water was brown. I thought of the red tide, looking like the shit of the sick. I had never seen it, but it had last come not long before my birth. I knew this was not it though. There were no carcasses of dead fish on the shore or the smell of their rot. Decay I could smell, earthy and stagnant, as if the wind never blew here. But there was no mass rotting of meat that the tide caused and there was life still in these waters. The occasional plop and ripples out over the brown spoke of fish and the end of some insect or other floating food.

Near me, pulled up only slightly onto the muddy beach, was a boat. Actually it was the trunk of a tree carved out and pointed at both ends. It looked as if it would float and carry two men with ease. Especially in flat water like this. Two flat paddles rested in it, each carved of a single piece of wood and ending in a sharply pointed blade.

I looked back, and no one watched me except a boy, taller than his fellows, who now looked up at a long tailed bird flicking through the branches above him. I walked on. He might be the same boy who had visited the room below, it was hard to be sure.

Twisted trees grew at the juncture of water and land, smooth-barked and reddish. They looked more like mangroves than any other tree, but they were still not the mangroves that I knew. Just as with mangroves though, the surface of the water near and under the branch-roots reported the motion of unseen creatures below. Looking out, I could see clumps of twisted red and limp green away from shore. Low mud shoulders hunched out of the wet near many of the clumps of trees. The hill I was on dwarfed everything else in sight, being big enough to be dry.

I turned quickly around. What if I stood on an island? I could not see past the rise. I made myself be still and then moved on from the boat and the trees, slowly tracing a circle around the high point of the hill where I had left the ladder and the hole. I continued to look about, taking in as much of my surroundings as I could.

There was no water to be seen in this direction. The land leveled off at a height roughly halfway between that of the hilltop behind me and the water beyond it. The trees grew straighter here, and chunks of rough grey bark curled back from the trunks.

I pulled a leafy branch down to eye level and examined it closely. I went on to one further around the tree. Then another tree. I looked back over the third leaf: no one was looking my way but one of the tangled milling messes of children had begun playing on this side of the hill, beyond the tree I had just passed.

I continued my curious escape. Soon the children were playing amongst the trees, four or five trunks behind me. The tall boy, the one who watched birds, was among them. We could see each other plainly, but neither would let the other know he looked. He was perhaps eleven and would have come up to my chin. I had also lived longer and seen and knew of things he would never see. I moved faster.

The land lowered. There were more and more fingers of water wrapping amongst the firm ground. Many I leaped. The bigger ones I did not even try to wade across though I knew they were shallow. I knew this fine, smooth dirt, silt, becomes a deep soft trap for feet when it lays underwater.

The children laughed and gibbered and seemed to be paying more attention to their play than my path. At times they would almost vanish into the sparse growth. They would veer to one side of me and later the other. Whenever I seemed near to getting away, I would find a new finger and have to follow a bank. Without warning I would hear a sharp cry and they would be near again, chasing each other on another side entirely.

Now I could not help but wade. I could see as much water as land. In waters at home I felt safe wading. I could see the bottom, I knew what I could step on, and I was home. Here no wind washed the sweat off my body, the local animals were unknown, and the water was a flat, waiting threat. Murky water had always scared me; it was the stuff of nightmares. I liked to see what might loom around me. I liked to push the grey back as far as it would go. If the bottom here housed life on a level with the beach, walking across this stretch - no more than five steps - would be a safe task. But it could be painful. Mostly I thought of urchins, no big problem if you have a lime, but still a good yell and a limp for a few days. Unless it infects.

I did not have a lime and I could not see the urchins, or the stingrays, or anything else.

I was not ready for those five steps I did not yet have to take. I rounded back and found an easier way. One slow foot passed through a hands breadth of water and then mud so soft it was almost the same. I was a foot deeper, waiting for the first sharp prick on the sole. My back foot, on solid ground, pushed off and came down lightly in front. It touched water, then a ...something. I stopped but nothing else moved against me, so I pressed on. It felt hard but gave and it was small. A twig. Standing on the one firmly buried foot with water to my knee, I shifted my second foot over onto empty mud. It encountered nothing else until the silt began to resist. 

I began to pull my back foot out, pushing the front one deeper. It came, bringing up a deeper black mud to swirl in the brown. It brought a smell too, of old decay that had forgotten how to breath. I swished my foot in the water to 

remove the clinging black and brought it up to the far bank. Leaning forward, I put both hands on the bank and lifted, three limbs to one. My other foot eased out with more stink and more black, now a stain in the still water.

I sat and put my feet back in to kick loose more of the filth. They were standing there smiling, not far back from the other bank. I could have talked to them without raising my voice. Instead I ran. I heard no splashing so I looked; some ran left and some right. They called out their noises. The tall one I could not see.

I soon stopped: more water. Where was the smack? I knew I had gone mainly west since leaving the hill. It could be north, south, west, or just out of sight. We had landed on the ocean side of the big slow waterway. Unless the crone had taken me across it we were still on one of the narrow strips that separated us from the open water.

From where I stood, I could see trees and land, some of it still dry. I could also see more water and not all of it was in fingers anymore. The mangroves had reappeared. A group of children, not playing now, came crashing between two trees beyond me to the left. Right of me lay five steps of water, then a patch of dark brown earth running around what amounted to this finger's palm. Islands dotted this expanse of water, and one rose again beyond the level of my eyes. It was the highest point of land since I left the ladder. I saw no children that way, but the others now came toward me.

I ran as light footed as i could into the water, lifting my knees high in front of me. Splash, soft-sink, soft-sink. I felt nothing sharp beneath my feet, felt nothing but the off balance rhythm of my strides as the mud pulled and released my legs. I went up the slight slope on the far side on hands and feet and headed around the palm of water. Branches parted and the second group stepped out, yelling and clapping. I did not stop but turned straight at the water, running as though down a beach. There I would know how many strides were needed - splash and step high - before I put my head down and dove. Here I could not see where my feet touched and certainly not what my head or my belly might hit.

So I ran and stepped high, each step a hop to pull the back foot free, and lift the other over the knee-deep water. On the third step I swung my right foot wide and high in front of me. As it began coming down the left pulled plopping from the black stench. The right parted water and hit a hard slippery angle. It went forward. My stride was too long and I came down into the water, the back of my thigh hitting solid...wood. A dead tree poked above the surface not ten feet away, pointing at me as I plunged, right foot back in the air, into the brown. 

I came up gasping, automatically shaking my hair back from my face. I had opened my eyes and seen nothing but dirt, some of it still in them. I blinked. The water tasted, if anything, even less salty than the river. I righted myself and my groin ached. My thigh where I had hit, more so. I sat on the submerged trunk; my right leg did not want to stand yet. Then I saw the boat.

It floated low in the water and the one paddler did not look to be hurrying. But he came my way. I did not know if he had seen me, so I dropped low and pushed off the log with my left foot. I pushed with it and grabbed handfuls of muck and scooted toward the high island ahead. The silt was smooth when it stroked my belly, but I feared for my pricker and kicked a little higher with my one good leg.

The paddler stood and looked over the water. Then the yappers started behind me. They yelled their sharp little words at him and he looked my way. It was the tall boy. I did not take the time to look over my shoulder and see many 

hands gesturing in my direction, toward my unmistakable wake.

He reoriented his craft on me and I pulled and kicked harder. I hoped the right leg would work when I got to land. The tall boy was in a carved out log, like the other I had seen. With one paddle and so heavy a craft, he did not catch me quickly. With both legs working, he would not have caught me at all.

About two thirds of the way to the island the right leg began to move as though pushing. I put no pressure on it and it hurt, but it moved. I could see the land, I could have splashed the land, with two decent legs I would have been 

striding ashore when the log boat glided by in front of me. The boy had stopped paddling and pulled the paddle back over his shoulder. He would hit me with it and the savages would have murdered again. And Delta would never hear of the Mayans or me.

But the oar did not swing forward. The tall boy stood and held it and looked at me and smiled and the canoe slid by. He back paddled and sat in the now stopped log. On three legs, with one held up as a dog might do, I climbed the low hill.