 Author's Note: this is the first chapter in a 100,000 plus word novel set in the not too distant future along the East Coast of what is now the USA. I wrote the book years ago, longhand, and more recently found the file on a 3.5 inch floppy. So I will try to drop a new chapter regularly as I do simple editing and formatting, but otherwise do my best to leave the story unchanged.

As always, all work is copyright, and though there is not a lot of sex in the story, all characters involved in any are over the age eighteen.

*****

The nighttime passage was uneventful. We had waited three days for the norther to blow through before sailing west into the Stream. Left as soon as the sun had set, so as to arrive at what the Olders had called the mainland near dawn and allow a full day's light to find our goal.

Even though there was a certain lack of dignity in it, I could not help the excitement I felt. I had been born All-breeze, born to wisdom and leadership, but this was my first real mission: to further explore our contact with the strangely old-fashioned people living in their hole on the east coast of what remained of Florida.

The green flashes of glowing life stirred up in our wake seemed less bright now, and I noticed the first greying of the false dawn aft. I went over the scenario again, in at least the fiftieth way and for at least the fiftieth time. 

They would meet us at the beach, bearing older-worldly gifts for myself and my uncle Mentor. Their leader would immediately see the All-breeze wisdom in my gaze and favor me over the others.

We would tour the hole, an immense labyrinth of unknown machines and devices - and maybe books - revealing the odd way these people live and hinting at the world of the Olders from centuries ago. The two-person crew who had found them, and returned for a second trip over the last two months, said they claimed to cling to many of the old ways, and did not even attempt to hide it.

A horn sounded to starboard from the nearest smack over. "A light. Ten O Clock."

There it was. A bright red-white star where no star should be, just above the horizon. I was on the foredeck of the William H., the finest schooner afloat anywhere. Rebuilt following the remains of the original I should have seen it first, instead of being lost in my thoughts. The other watches were lower to the water, aboard the three one-masted smacks, small fishing boats usually crewed by two of our people, but able to carry large loads of fish alive in their bilge wells.

"Make for it, Tory." I told the withered woman seated at the helm, and she rotated the wooden wheel between her knees to oblige. Rebuilt following the remains of the original William H, the two-masted pride of the Islands, the new William eased a point south.

---

They met us as I had known they would, on the beach. Almost their entire bodies were clothed, including their feet, mainly in a sand colored material that looked like very light sail cloth. It probably was.

Six men carried down pallets holding folded sail cloth and braided rope that would not stretch, for halyards and the like. I signaled old Tory to uncover our wares - pineapples from El Luthra, some already so ripened that the core was indistinguishable from the rest of the meat. Haziel and Betty, the crew that had first contacted these folks, had reported that the hole-people could not get enough of the dried pineapple the two had on board and desperately wanted to try fresh ones. They were already waving and calling to those they had met before.

The returning calls sounded too shrill and loud to be friendly greetings, and came with gestures to our backs. I turned to see a line of dark, low sails sliding toward us out of the morning sun.

"Are these more of your ships?" The apparent leader of the holer people looked directly at my uncle Mentor. I answered, as was right, since I was the only All-breeze present.

"We use no sails like these, nor have I seen such: the triangle points forward not up, and the cloth looks to be deep red." I used the formal speech, the language of the books we still had from the distant times these people still clung to.

"Our only other visitors were the New Mayans. They were in a trading ship, large and sluggish." He shielded his eyes to again view the oncoming fleet. "You are right though: the shape of the sails is as I remember theirs. And the color."

I knew these were not sluggish trading ships. These were craft built for speed. We could already make out low, flat hulls skimming over the water rather than through it as they made toward us.

"They're armed! I see spears." The speaker was an older man, with a bald head mottled red, who had stood silently near the leader. Now he had two short tubes with glass inside held up to his eyes, pointed at the boats. No one fished at that speed, so why did they have their spears out?

"Back to the shaft. Get below." The leader waved the crowd toward a small square building behind them, evidently the entrance to the cave they lived in. He looked at me, then all of us. "I don't know what they want, but I will take no chances. You have no weapons, you can come below with us. Otherwise, fend for yourselves."

I was dumbfounded. For the first time in my life I had seen a man not of my people. And now another unknown group was approaching - with weapons - apparently to fight the hole-people. To my knowledge there had been no weapon fighting since the end of the Old age, except for small isolated incidents that were dealt with harshly.

My own father, who will never be named, raised a fish spear against his brother Mentor shortly before I was born. He became pariah, and within a few days had taken a skiff and fishing tools and left, never to be seen or mentioned again. I had only learned the truth on this trip while we waited out the norther at West End, from Mentor himself.

I had read what I could about war and violence in the books. As the All-breeze - receptacle and font of wisdom and knowledge - my mother kept the people's books. It was both my duty and my pleasure to study them, thoroughly. But of war I could find little. The Olders were supposed to have been exceedingly violent, eventually destroying themselves with their love of weapons, but every time a text seemed about to discuss it in any detail, pages already brittle and torn were missing, or sections faded or stained beyond reading. Now I had a chance to learn about war first hand, and I was too scared to think.

Mentor grabbed my arm. I could see individual men and spears and clubs on the rapidly approaching platforms, now revealed to be floating on two side by side hulls, like thin canoes. The middle of the boat was entirely above water. Did they really mean those clubs for men?

Mentor pulled me toward the hole mouth. Haziel and Betty launched their smack and beat down along the shore, keeping the others directly downwind of them. A single Mayan boat with five or six men on board tacked to due south and gave chase. We turned and ran.

"Not into the hole. Back, into the trees. Get away from the fight."

Mentor realized the sense in what I said and changed course slightly; the others followed.

We huddled together, far enough into the woods that the outline of the tunnel entrance could just be seen against the sun. Soon we heard voices, barking and arguing in a language I could not understand. Men swarmed around the building, wrestling with a box that took several men to carry. More barked words, then they retreated toward their odd boats.

Catamarans. That was what Royce called the two-hulled ships in one of the books. The angled triangular sails were lateens. It felt reassuring to find the names in my memory, to make the unknown knowable.

"See, of course. They're leaving a gift." It was Marla, besides me the youngest on the trip, an able sailor and fisher, but no great thinker. "We can tell the hole people to come out."

She started forward and several others rose to follow. "No, wait." Mentor said. "Those were violent men with weapons of war. We cannot assume that thing is a gift of peace. Wait a while yet."

Others were not so patient. 

"They speak another language, but they must know that violence caused the end of the Olders and that this is an age of peace." The words came out slowly, well thought through. "Violence can never work. Everyone must know that this is true." 

It was Rudi, the navigator, one of the levelest heads amongst the crew. His words often swayed a debate, on the few occasions that he voiced a definite opinion. Mostly he was silent, but listening. More started forward.

"But..." I started, when Mentor laid a hand on my shoulder.

"They may be right, but even if they're not, we cannot tell them not to go. 'Only judge when others ask for judgement'." We watched them go.

There was a mighty flash, as of lightening, followed by a rumble and shaking of the ground coming from a long cast down the beach. Rudi, Marla and the others looked our way in bewilderment as they took shelter behind the far wall of the building. Then it too blew outwards with horrifying suddenness, white light and dark sound, a column of fire and smoke, and a jolt in both air and earth that threw the two of us to the ground. 

I could hear objects falling through the branches above us as I covered my head with my arms. I could see angry red light through eyes squeezed tight.

A tower of fire burned where my people had huddled, almost searing my exposed skin. Rising, I went to help Mentor to his feet, but saw immediately that one leg would not support him. A tree limb had crushed his left thigh right below the hip. I lifted the heavy branch with an ease that surprised me and hauled him by the armpits back away from the blaze. I could see at least two more pillars burning in the distance. I wondered what had become of our boats, and Haziel and Betty, and what it was like for anyone in the hole below the fire.

I collapsed beside Mentor, to my knees then my hands, easing slowly down on my belly. I had seen a man between us and the beach. A glimpse only, but he was carrying something heavy. I could see him more clearly now, but if we were still, the broad-leaved undergrowth would hide us well enough. I hoped. There were others. 

The tall, lean shadows carried spears too long and with no barb to hold the fish on. They moved gracefully, powerfully. Watchful like the barracuda: dangerous and confident, but ever wary. And like barracuda, they remained at the edge of vision, unwilling to be viewed clearly and known.

The fearsome barracuda, as a race, is known. So the individual fish seen sliding through the grey at the edge of sight is not feared, only respected. These men were unknown. I knew not their kind. I feared them as the first man to see the yawning mouth of the first barracuda must have feared. I feared their ability to kill. To perform an act I could no more do than breath water. If I stood up I did not know but that one of these shadow men could look me in the eye, recognize me as a fellow human, and take my life.

As several of them edged in our direction, occasionally thrusting their spears amongst the plants tangling about their knees, I shrunk further under the leaves and Mentor stirred and moaned softly. Two looked in our direction, then called out as four holer men came running out from behind us, from inland, each brandishing a small metal tool. The tool of the first went click, click, then coughed a loud sharp BANG, making me start, the running man pause in his stride, and one of the shadow men to fall with a cry, clutching his groin.

One of the holers looked over at the loud sound, caught his foot as he ran and hit the ground hard. Then there were spears and arrows in the air and falling around us, more bangs and yells and clicks and a great terror seized me. I could no longer watch or understand. I buried my head, near Mentor, and softly moaned.

I must have slept, somehow. It was quiet when next I looked around, except for the songs of unfamiliar birds, the first sign of animal life I had noticed here. I could see no more pillars of fire but smoke still rose heavy and black from the nearest hole. Mentor was unconscious, mumbling to himself. He looked flushed and his forehead felt hot to my cheek.

I could hear no sounds of men, so I rose to a crouch. A Mayan lay on his back by the nearest tree, one hand gripping a handle extending from his belly. A knife? Sitting up against the trunk, a holer stared blankly ahead, blood soaking his shirt and hair. A shudder passed up through my back shoulders and neck. 

I had seen death, by aged deterioration, by sudden pain in head or chest, once even by a tiger shark, miscalled from the grey beyond the seaward reef. But not death like this, men killing each other, purposefully. Perhaps even enjoying it. This sort of death the people foolishly believed, and taught our children, had passed with the old world, the old ways.

Steering clear of the stench clinging to the smoking remains of the hole, I scanned the beach. No men, no boats. Broken, burnt and twisted remains of both, including the wonderful William H. Her hull looked intact, but the deck and cabin were almost gone and the masts both floated like charred logs tangled in the surf. Wisps of smoke still rose from the bilge.

I walked across the beach to the William H., the pride of our finest boatbuilders. The smoke was turning to steam as seawater flowed through holes chopped on either side of the keel. I found two pineapples, blackened but not burnt, bobbing near the spreaders of the foremast.

I felt ravenous and thought of Mentor. I turned back toward the trees and only then noticed that the sun had set behind them, leaving a single massive thunderhead cloud blood red in its wake.

A spear beside the two dead men caught my eye, I scooped it up and turned toward Mentor, the pineapples cradled in the crook of one arm.

A claw clamped tight on my ankle as I stepped. I jumped with what could only be called a yelp, but the claw held and I came down on own knee, scrambling among the weeds.

The pineapples had fallen free but I still clutched the spear in my fist; I brought it around and down like a bludgeon. Not made for such work, it broke cleanly over the holer's forearm.

Realizing numbly that I had struck another with a weapon, I tossed the headless staff away and glanced in Mentor's direction, then back at the holer and his claw, now more like a hand and not gripping nearly so tight.

"You're alive." He silenced me with a dry croaking attempt at speech, causing a look of pain to cross his face. His chin dropped to his chest on a limp neck, rose again. Once more he croaked.

I lurched to one side, breaking his now token grip, and pulled in a pineapple. In its cooked state, the fall from my arm had been enough to crack it open. I pulled a piece loose. 

"Here. Eat this. It will quench your thirst." He pulled the fruit from my hand and thrust the pulpy yellow meat to his mouth.