 He was coming home, I could feel him, sense his bad mood. I tingled all over. Maybe he would be rougher than usual with me. The thought of being at his mercy turned me on so much I was already rock hard. I quickly tore my shorts off and laid on the bed, hands over my head. And waited.

We have together for nearly 250 years already, he knew everything about me, but I hardly knew much about him before we met and he made me a vampire. He didn't talk much about his life before me and I am not at all sure just how old he is or who made him. We don't come across many other of our kind these days and when he senses there may be another vampire in the area we pick up and move. We have now been in this place for over 50 years. Soon we will have to take fake names and move as not to cause suspicion. If people see us as they grow older and we do not then that might cause them to take a closer look at us. We do not want that. I'm really going to miss this place. We have had so many good times here, I gave myself over to JASON to a new and wonderful degree while we have lived here. I let him tie me up and hurt me for the first time just over 30 years ago. He had gotten so hot and turned on that we have done this when one of us was having a particularly bad night, it helped to relieve the stress.

The smell of blood was strong as he got closer, I could just imagine those long muscular legs of his clinging to his bloody jeans. Then he was there, out of no where, standing in the shadows. His breathing hard, his pupils large to see in the dark room. The smell of blood surrounded me. JASON had just fed and fed well. "Come, I need to feed." I begged. His clothes came off in a flash and he was on me, holding my hands above my head, grinding his cock into my thigh. He was still excited by the hunt and it showed. I felt my incisors lengthen as JASON bent his head, my mouth just inches from his neck. "What do you want? Tell me what you want, I want to hear you say it." JASON growled in my ear and he held me down more securely. I licked his cheek, getting what little bit of blood that was there. As I licked my lips JASON asked me again. "What do you want?" 

"Hurt me." I softly said. If he had been human he would never would have heard me, but seeing as he was a vampire as I am, he was able to hear me just fine. JASON pulled the ropes off the head board and hand my hands tied tightly above my head in seconds, moving like a flash. JASON leaned over my swollen cock, gently blowing on it, but hadn't touched me yet. "Oh please don't tease me, JASON." I begged.

Suddenly I felt a sharp pain on my cock, when I looked down he was sucking my cock and biting me with his sharp fangs at the same time, the feeling was incredibly intense. I couldn't stop looking as blood ran down my side. I felt my first orgasm of the night coming on and just as I screamed out, JASON stopped letting my cock escape from his mouth with a wet plopping sound. I was thrashing on the bed, as my cock pulsed and throbbed but not yet achieving orgasm. "Don't Tease ME!" I screamed at JASON. 

"You said you wanted to be hurt. Well doesn't your cock hurt right now?" He gave me a knowing smile as he left the room. "Where are you going, JASON?" I screamed at him. "I still need to feed."

"You should have thought about that before you let me tie you up, now your just going to have to wait until I am good and ready to feed you." Jason smiled as he walked out of the room. As I lay there I heard JASON rummaging through the cabinet and I just knew what he was getting and sure enough he had it in his hand as he walked back into the room. "There's no need to blindfold me JASON. " I said to him, I was a little scared at the look in his eyes. He was so turned on by this, he always got turned on by doing this to me. Jason didn't say a word to me as he slipped the blindfold over my head and over my eyes. I was totally in the dark now. I couldn't see anything. The only thing I had now were my vampire senses. I could sense him standing by the bed starring at me, breathing hard. I heard him move to the foot of the bed, then I felt his strong hands on my ankles. He grabbed me by the ankles and flipped my body over onto my stomach. My hands were tied in such a way that it just made the bounds tighter but not to painful. 

Jason growled as he jumped on the bed by my feet, knelt down and bit my ass cheek, making me cry out from the sudden pain. I was growing weak from the blood loss and having not fed yet. Jason crawled up my back, grinding his cock into the small of my back as he savagely bit into my neck. I cried out from the pain/pleasure of it and thought I would pass out and not get to enjoy what ever else he had in mind for me if he didn't feed me soon. But JASON knew how far he could go and slashed open his wrist and shoved it to my open mouth. I hungrily sucked at his wrist, latching on to it sucking at it hard. I felt him sink his fangs into my neck once again, but he didn't feed as much as he had before, he just wanted me to feel the pain of his bite as I fed from him. When I was good and full he pulled his wrist from my mouth, ripping some of his flesh away, leaving pieces of skin in my mouth. I hungrily chewed and swallowed them. 

"Get on your knee's" Jason yelled at me. I tried to pull myself up to my knee's but I guess I wasn't fast enough cause before I could finish he was grabbing me by the hips and positioning me the way he wanted me. I grabbed the sheets, I knew he was going to hurt me. I had asked him to and he always kept his promises. 

Jason knew it was going to hurt when he shoved his 10 inch cock into my little hole. But that didn't stop him, it never stopped him. He knew I got off on pain and he loved giving it to me. With out any lubrication or warning JASON shoved his hard meaty cock all the way into my ass. I screamed out in pain but he gave me no mercy, he pounded away at my ass. As rough as he was being I wanted him to be rougher, it wasn't enough and being tied as I was I couldn't do anything about it. He had me where he wanted me and was doing what he wanted with me. I loved it!

Jason bent down and grabbed my cock in his hand and began pumping away furiously as he fucked me harder and harder. I knew I was going to cum but I wanted Jason to cum with me. "Fuck me, Oh yes fuck me good!" I yelled at him. I knew he liked it when I said things like that. "Oh God Jason, I'm gonna cum!" I felt the explosion of cum release from my body and soak the sheets on the bed as Jason pumped into my ass a few more times before he bent his head and bit my neck as he came. 

I collapsed on the bed and Jason followed me down landing on top of me, still in my ass. "That was incredible, as always." He whispered in my ear, sending shivers down my back. He pulled himself out of me and stood up, standing over me. "Are you gonna untie me now?" I asked him. "No, not yet. I'm not done." I turned and looked at him, his eyes were shining with lust. Jason crawled back onto me, leaning down he started licking all the wounds he had made on my neck, it felt so damn good. Then he moved further down to my butt cheek and licked the wound there too. I felt him stand up at the end of the bed and grab my ankles for the second time that night and knew what was coming. I was right, he flipped me over onto my back and looked down at my swollen cock. 

"I think that." he pointed at my swollen cock. "Needs some more of my special attention." he smiled at me showing off his fangs as he knelt down and took my swollen member in his mouth. I braced myself for the first bite, but when it didn't come I relaxed a little, wondering why he hadn't bitten me yet. I looked down as he licked up and down my shaft, paying special attention to my head. I watched as he stuck out his tongue and dipped it into the precum that had formed on the tip of my cock. He took some into his mouth and closed his eyes as he tasted me. As he opened his eyes he looked right into mine as he opened his mouth wider and engulfed my entire 8 inch cock in his warm mouth. He slowly sucked me, bobbing his head up and down slowly. Stopping every once in a while to let my cock fall out of his mouth and lick my balls. It felt like he had been torturing me like this for hours and still he wouldn't let me cum. "Oh god JASON, stop teasing me, I can't take much more of this." I begged him to let me cum. 

"I can do anything I want, for as long as I want and there's nothing you can do to stop me." He smiled at me, sending shivers through my body.

Again he engulfed my cock in his mouth, I thrust my hips hitting the back of his throat. He growled at me and I felt it all the way through my body. He saw my response to his growl and he did it again this time longer and louder. He started sucking harder and faster, squeezing my balls, soft at first and then harder. "Oh, here comes the pain." I thought to myself. 

I was right Jason squeezed my balls as he sucked me harder and harder. The harder he sucked, the harder he squeezed. Right as I was going to cum he thrust 3 fingers in my ass, that through me over the edge. "OHHHhhh, yess. Oh god yes." I bucked my hips cumming in his mouth.

Jason swallowed all of it and licked his lips as he looked at me. "OK...NOW...I'm done." He smiled and kissed my forehead as he untied my hands..

Part Two

Jason and I moved to our new home last year after people started noticing how young we still looked as they grew older. I hate to move to a new place after being in one place for so long, it takes some getting used to. You do what you have to do in order to survive. Jason seems to love this place, I haven't seen him this happy in decades. The bars and clubs we frequent always have plenty of young, succulent blood for us to feed on. 

I've been waiting for nearly 4 hours for Jason to come home from feeding, I'm starting to get mad. What the hell is he doing? "Bite someone already, and come home to me." I called to him through our telepathic link. But I heard nothing from him but laughter. That was really making me mad. "Who the hell do you think you are? Bite someone and come home or I'll go and find my own food! Maybe I'll fuck my food too.!" I shouted at him in my mind. I knew he heard me when I felt a shiver of cold wind through the open window. I caught his scent in the wind before I saw him, I sat there, closed my eyes, senses alert, breathing deeply. He was here, I could feel him. I opened my eyes to see his glowing eyes in the darkness of the room. 

He moved closer to me, smiling, showing his fangs, his beautiful eyes glowing. "Go and get your own food, hmmmm? Is that what you plan on doing, Eric???? You had better think about your answer before speaking." He slowly moved around me, disturbing the air, his coat brushing my hand. 

I knew he could feel my hunger, my want, my desire. "I was mad, you were taking too long." I said bravely. I looked him straight in the eye and shivered at the intensity of his glare. He was Mad! "Jas..." I started to say something but he put his fingers to my lips to quiet me. 

"Eric, you really should know better than to threaten me, dear boy." I was picked up, thrown over his shoulder as he flew out the window of our house. We were moving so fast no one could see us. I knew better than to try and struggle. Jason stopped abruptly at a club we had never been to on the far side of town. "Now, go and find your food." He smiled at me, showing off his fangs. 

"I didn't really want to get my own food, Jason." I tried to tell him I would rather he fed me but he wasn't hearing it tonight. I walked into the club, right away I knew I was in trouble. These men were huge! I turned back to look at Jason but he was already walking towards the bar. I went to the far side of the club and watched for someone I might want to feed from, just the right person. He had to be just the right human. I caught a whiff of a strange smell. I couldn't place it. I smelled it again when this man walked by me. He looked right into my eyes as he walked past. He had the sweetest smelling blood I had ever smelled before. It was intoxicating. I followed him outside as he went through the door, I turned to see Jason smiling at me. 

I caught up to the stranger as he got to his car. He turned as he knew I was there. He didn't look scared or nervous. He held his hand out to me. "Hi, I'm Andrew." I touched his hand and brought it to my mouth to kiss his fingers. The sweet smell of his blood called to me. I licked his fingers as he stood there. I looked up into his eyes as I took his finger into my mouth. He closed his eyes and moaned. "Get in the back seat." I told him. I thought I had control of his mind as we got in the back seat of his car. 

I pressed him down in to the back seat, tearing his shirt off. I had to taste him. My blood lust stirred deep inside me. I knew I could not resist the temptation much longer. I lapped at his neck, nipping as he moaned. A pulsing began in my groin, it egged me on. I felt myself growing harder and harder against my jeans. The blood lust was rising faster than I could control it, the smell of his sweet blood filled my nostrils. I bent my head and sank my fangs deep into his neck. Blood rushed into my mouth, filling me with a sense of wonder. I had never felt this way from drinking blood before, I felt stronger, faster, more alive. There was something different about Andrew. 

All at once I was thrown against the back of the seat, I lay there stunned, panting. "Enough!" Andrew yelled at me. "It's my turn little Vampire." I looked into his eyes as they changed from blue to black. His teeth grew longer than anything I had ever seen. He lunged at me before I could get out of the car, he had me pinned against the seat, tearing off my jeans. All at once I knew! He was a Werewolf!

"You're a Werewolf!" I cried. 

"Smart little Vampire." He snickered. Andrew had me face down on the seat before I knew what was happening. His long tongue lapping at my shoulder, his breath is my ear. "I'm gonna bite you now, little Vampire." He growled as he sank his fangs into my shoulder. It wasn't all together unpleasant. Andrew thrust my legs apart with little effort. Werewolves were very strong and I had no hope at all of getting away from this one. Not that I wanted to.

"Mmmmm, Little Vampire you taste good." He growled to me as he think cock head entered my ass. I cried out as his fangs sank deeper. I tried to pull away but it was no use. "Go ahead and fight me, I like it when they fight me, little Vampire." He laughed as his huge cock slammed in and out of me, harder and faster as the sucking of his mouth became more savage. 

I couldn't remember that last time I felt this vulnerable and a little scared. It felt so good. I saw his arm up by my head and took advantage of it. I grabbed his arm and sank my fangs hard into his forearm, sucking as fast as I could. He was to far gone to care, he let me have my fill as he pounded my ass. The combination of his sweet blood filling my mouth, the fangs in my shoulder suckling me and the huge cock in my ass was to much for me. I screamed as I came. 

"OOHhhh Fucckk, yessss.." I screamed as I came. I felt the werewolf grow bigger inside me if that was possible and shoot his seed in my ass. He stopped feeding on my shoulder and I got my fangs out of his arm, but he still had me pinned beneath him. "Are you gonna let me up now?" I asked a little wary.

"I don't know." He sounded humored.

"What the hell do you mean, you don't know. Do you plan on trying to kill me?" I asked, I had to know if I was going to have to fight for my life.

"NO, little Vampire." He laughed. "I was waiting for Jason to tell me what to do with you." He laughed as I heard a tapping on the window. I looked up stunned to find Jason standing there looked at us with a smirk on his face. "I was set up!" They both laughed as I got up, only to find my clothes shredded. 

I fled to my home as fast as I could, I had no clothes on. I hurriedly got dressed and was going to go and get Jason when I heard him come home. I turned to see him standing in the doorway. " I told you not to threaten me." Jason smirked as he walked towards me. I backed up as he came to me, I wasn't in the mood for his damn games. He kept smiling as he came forward, closer to me. I turned around and walked away from him, ignoring his advances. 

I felt pain in my back and shoulders as he came from behind me and pushed me hard, throwing me to the ground on my stomach. Jason landed on top of me. "Don't ever walk away from me, you know better. You had that little scene coming and you know it. " He whispered in my ear as he nibbled my ear. 

I felt my blood boiling. After being scared I was going to eaten, quite literally by a Werewolf, I was in no mood for his shit." I Leaped up before he felt me tense up and throw him off me. I landed with both feet apart on the ground right in front of him as he lay on the ground. "Don't you ever do that to me again!" I said through clenched teeth, my fangs lengthened so he knew I was mad and meant what I was saying. He started to get up but I pushed him back down with me foot on his chest. Jason looked up at me, a glare of pure lust in his eyes. I felt myself getting hard again. I moved my foot and pushed it into his crotch, he groaned. 

His moaning made me swell more in my jeans. "I think you need to be punished for what you did to me, Jason." I pushed my foot harder into his crotch, pressing my booted foot into his huge member. He moaned again. 

"Get Up!" I said. 

Jason instantly was up on his feet, his big body trembling with lust. "Strip for me." I told him. I stood there and watched as Jason slowly stripped off his clothes, slowly taking care to rub his hands over his body, caressing his chest as he slid his shirt off. He slid his fingertips over the bulge in his jeans before slowly undoing the buttons on his jeans. When his jeans were down around his ankles, he stepped out of them. I saw him starring at the bulge in my jeans, he licked his lips, his breathing coming in short little gasps.

"Get On the bed, NOW!" I said. Jason was on the bed in an instant, he sat on the bed and then lay back propping himself up on his elbows. He was smiling at me. He knew I had never been as rough with him as he has been with me, but I had never been this mad. I don't think he would have been so accepting if he knew what I had planned. 

I went to the dresser, got out the ropes, restraints, gag, blindfold, cat of nine tails and the chains. I dropped the whip on the floor before reaching him. He looked amused. I was gonna wipe that look right off his face soon. He would never do something like this to me again. 

"Give me your hands." Jason held out his hands as I took the leather restraints and buckled them on his wrists. These were specially made for me so I would not be able to break them, I knew it would hold him. I put the other leather restraints and put them on his ankles. I thread the chains threw the O rings on the restraints and chained him to our metal four poster bed. I took the blindfold and slipped it over his head while he smirked at me. "Open your mouth, Jason." I put the ball gag in his mouth and buckled it in the back. As he laid his head back down on the pillow, I whispered in his ear, "Your the one who should have known better, and now you will." I saw him jump at my words. I heard his blood pumping through his body more rapidly. He was scared, and I was glad.

"You should be scared after what you did to me." He tried to say something but the gag muffled it. He shook his head trying to get the blindfold off. I slapped him hard on the thigh and he jumped. "Don't move unless I tell you to, stop struggling or I'll tie you more securely. Do you understand?" 

He didn't move. "I said did you understand?" I slapped his thigh again this time harder. He shook his head, yes. 
