 "We all want to feel good." 

Charlotte leaned forward, beautiful blue eyes large and earnestly seductive. 

Allison held her gaze, trying to quell the beating in her chest. The sensual intensity in that look was outside of her experience. Her long eyelashes fluttered away from the contact. She felt the nervous flush creep up her cheeks as her eyes rested on Charlotte's mostly exposed breasts. 

They sat across from each other at a small cocktail table. The lighting in the club was dim, defining Charlotte's full living roundness, and obvious arousal, with alluring contrast. 

Allison took a deep breath, shoring up her determination. Charlotte was smiling. 

"We do. I do. Listen, I've never done anything like this before." 

"Like what? You've never talked to another woman in a club?" 

Charlottes smile was disarming. She was gorgeous. Allison was feeling more at ease, and more excited. 

"You know what I mean. I suppose picking up strangers in bars is a regular thing for you?" 

"Hardly." Charlottes voice was low and rich. "In fact, you are absolutely the first." 

Again, that look. Allison felt her own nipples grow hard. Yes, she was ready for this, wanted it. She worked out like crazy and her sex drive was through the roof. She had known she was bi-sexual for quite a long time but had never explored it. It was the gym. Those classes, with all those beautiful female bodies, sweating and smelling so... wonderful. Why should she limit the beauty that surrounded her with men because society said she should? 

Hitting on Charlotte reaffirmed this decision. Allison had approached Charlotte, who was sitting by herself in a corner of the club. Allison introduced herself and struck up a conversation. She was an assertive person when she knew what she wanted, and confident in her own beauty. She was brunette to Charlotte's blonde. She couldn't compete with Charlotte's spectacular chest, or those eyes, but she judged her own ass to be rounder and was probably fitter. Not to say that Charlotte was out of shape. 

What she didn't count on was the sheer wave of sexuality that radiated from Charlotte's person, her physical presence, pure sensuality in every move, every word. The minute she sat down she was overwhelmed by that wonderful smell, the scent of a woman in sexual health that drove her so crazy at the gym. 

"What if I told you," said Charlotte, "that you could always feel incredible, luxuriate in pure ecstasy, every minute of every day for the rest of your life." 

Allison blinked. "I know. Exercise is so important. I thank god for it every day." 

Charlotte laughed. 

"Fair enough. Not exactly what I meant, but similar. Let me show you." Those eyes. Those seductive eyes again. "Come sit next to me." 

Allison scooted her chair over. 

"Closer." 

Allison shrugged, and moved her chair over until it was touching Charlotte's, so close Allison could smell her sweet breath, and that underlying scent of healthy woman made her head swim. 

Charlotte took her hand. She didn't resist as Charlotte puller her hand down onto Charlottes lap. Her breath caught as she realized Charlotte had hiked up her skirt, hidden under the table. She felt the firm warmth and smoothness of her thigh. She worked moisture into her mouth as Charlotte pulled her hand upward. She felt Charlotte's heat. Charlotte opened her legs wider and pressed Allison to her center. Allison gasped. Charlotte was so wet. She felt herself grow wet as she explored Charlotte, first timidly and then with more confidence at Allison's sharply indrawn breath. She slid her fingers up along Charlotte's outer pout reveling in the smooth, soft warmth. Charlotte was so smooth, obviously waxed free of all hair. Allison hadn't gone that far herself, but she did shave regularly. She closed her eyes, all her senses focused on the touch of her fingers. She explored inward, stroking up and down small inner lips before finding her opening. Charlotte looked into her eyes, breathing deeply. Allison smoothed generous fresh wetness upward to Charlotte's small hard pleasure center. 

Charlotte pulled her hand back down, arranging Allison's fingers, pressing her pointer against her small nether opening, her thumb against the drooling source of moisture. 

Charlottes asshole was soaked and slick with all the wetness and Allison knew it would be easy to penetrate. Allison worked moisture into her mouth. "You want me to" 

"Shhhh. Just feel." 

Alison focused on the wonderful contact they shared and gasped. She felt both openings contract against her finger, opening and closing in waves of what she knew to be pure pleasure! 

"You're coming" she whispered! 

"Just wait." 

She held her hand there, drenched in wetness, invited to participate in one of the most wonderful experiences of life. As the seconds drew on, and then minutes, she gasped. The contractions continued, one after the other, without stopping. 

She saw the pleasure in Charlotte's eyes and was shocked to realize that this was the same thing she had seen the moment they had sat together. 

After a few more long minutes, she reluctantly withdrew her hand, feeling empty as if a man had pulled himself from her too early. 

"How is this possible? How can you come so long?" 

Charlotte closed her legs. Allison could tell that she was still being massaged with waves of pleasure. Her voice was steady though, if rich in sensuality. 

"If you would like to know the answer to that, I would make you a proposal." 

She slid across the table a small vial of liquid. 

"I want for you to drink this. After you leave and are at home. Then tomorrow night, meet me here" 

"I don't do drugs" said Allison. 

"Don't worry," said Charlotte. It is purely natural and won't hurt you. 

Allison sat contemplating the vial on the table. She was adamant about health, did not do drugs and was frankly afraid of them. The night before was so outside of her experience, while being so in tune with what she desired, she could not concentrate on anything else all that day. Over and over in her mind she played the incredible feeling of Charlotte coming over and over again on her hand. Those contractions, all that moisture, the flush on Charlotte's neck could not be fake. 

"What the hell," she said to nobody, mortified by her recklessness and swallowed the contents of the vial. 

It had a faint, not unpleasant taste, that she was familiar with, but could not place. She sat for a moment waiting for something to happen and finally snorted in disgust, wondering if she should force herself to throw it up. She still intended to meet Charlotte and decided to sort out the truth then. She didn't think that Charlotte would hurt her, although she wondered why should would place such trust in a woman she hardly knew. It just felt right. 

She laid out her outfit, a lacy brallete and matching panties and barely opaque white split summer dress that didn't leave much to imagination. She smiled, proud of her body and knowing that she would look sexy as hell 

She went into the shower and followed her usual routine, lathering her arms and legs first. Working out made her feel so good, and she luxuriated in the smooth feel of her own soapy skin, the light, delicious fragrance of the shower gel, the warm water running down her chest and back. 

Something was different she realized, in a wonderful way. She felt great, as if she had just climbed to the top of a mountain or won the job of her dreams. "So, this was what it was like to be on drugs," she thought, deciding to give in to the pleasure while vowing to never do anything like this again. She would have some choice words for Charlotte. 

She lathered up her hands with mild soap and half-squatted into her routine of feminine hygiene. 

The following decades, Alisson would often look back to this moment and wonder at the strangeness of existence. Crossroads in life were usually marked by some obvious, usually momentous event such as falling in love, or dropping out of school. For her it was different, and there were few people who would ever understand. 

Simply, she came harder than ever before. The minute she stroked her outer lips and asshole with those slick fingers, that familiar feeling started to wash over her. Of their own accord, her fingers found her pleasure center and masturbated the small round hardness. All of her senses exploded in orgasm. She gasped and cried out as the waves became stronger and stronger. She felt herself contract once, twice, six times. She lost count, one hand glued to her clitoris, the other pinching and pulling first one hard nipple and then the other. 

She began to laugh, riding a wave of pure sugar that grew higher and higher. She reached for the lotion bottle, planning to plunge it into herself like a teenager. The moment she removed her hand from her clit, the wave started to subside. It was then that she noticed the lukewarm temperature of the water. Hot water was out. How long had she been in that state of ecstasy? It felt like a mere moment, but she knew she had never experienced anything that complete and lasting before. 

She felt fantastic, so alive and wonderful. She was not in the least bit drained and knew that she could continue to come if she chose. As she shut off the shower and dried herself off, delicious possibilities began to race through her excited mind. What would this be like with another person? What would it be like to experience this with Charlotte? 

As she quickly dressed, she looked wistfully towards her nightstand, where she kept a rabbit vibrator, wishing she could explore this state at her leisure. With an energized bounce, she realized it didn't have to be one or the other. She changed her purse choice to one which was larger so that she could take it with her. 

Hair dry, spilling over her shoulder, and makeup meticulously applied, she admired herself in the mirror. She was beautiful. She felt beautiful. Her mind was reeling with sexual fantasies, imagining her lips pressed against Charlotte's neck, Charlottes breasts against her firm, flat belly as she slid up to straddle her face. 

In the back of the taxi she tentatively, almost reverently slid her hand down between her legs to see if this miracle was real. She had to choke off her pleasure cry as immediate waves of bliss crashed through her. In no time, her panties were completely soaked, and she could smell her sex, which jolted through her like electricity, leading to more powerful orgasmic contractions. The taxi driver was involved in some phone call and she didn't think he noticed, hope he didn't. 

Through sheer force of will, she removed her hand and the pleasure subsided. She noticed that it never truly went away though. There was always the undercurrent there, the feeling of health and well-being amplified. She felt fucking great. 

Charlotte was waiting for her in the same booth. She was wearing a short halter that showed off her own flat belly and cutoff jeans. She stood up as soon as Allison approached and looked deeply into her eyes. Allison's breath caught at the intensity of the gaze. 

Charlotte smiled, so seductive, took her by the arm and said, "Let's go." 

Without speaking they walked together towards the parking lot. She accidentally brushed against Charlottes bare arm and felt a jolt shoot straight to her sex. She could feel a trail of wetness start to run down her thigh. She never had problems with dryness, but this was on an entirely different plane. 

Charlotte opened the car door and Alisson got in, heart beating fast. 

As Charlotte backed out, Allison stared at her, noting her sharp eyeliner and elegant neck. Where Allison's face was friendly and approachably cute, Charlotte was classically beautiful. They could both easily be models, but Allison acknowledged Charlotte's perfection as more universal than her own. 

"Your making me nervous," Charlotte said, with a smile and a rich, playful lilt to her voice which took discomfort from the comment. 

"Are you real?" Allison heard herself say, and then felt the flush creep up her neck. 

Charlotte laughed. 

"Oh yes, I'm real." She looked over with that seductive glance, clearly a promise. 

She took Allison's hand and Allison felt that jolt again. As the contact continued, the electric arousal grew until Allison opened her lips and gasped. 

Charlotte moved her hand back to the wheel and the excitement faded somewhat, but never really left, leaving an after-glow feeling combined with strong desire. Allison gazed at Charlotte in wonder and lust. 

"How did you?" She blurted out, not knowing where to start and so very distracted. "I mean, what did you give me?" 

"All your questions my dear will be answered when we arrive. I do have one important question of my own. I should have asked earlier, but you just ring my bell on so many levels, I suppose it wouldn't matter if you said no. Do you also like men?"  

The thought of a man's hardness filling her now brought Allison to the verge of climax. 

"Oh yes. Please yes." 

Charlotte laughed again, that rich sultry laugh and said "Well, I just might have one in mind. Not just any man, the best man. Speaking of, here we are" 

They were in a nice family-oriented neighborhood with large brick houses and well-kept lawns. Charlotte pulled into the driveway of one and opened the door for Allison. 

Allison's heart was beating fast, but she did not feel nervous. Well-being and health colored everything she saw, and the steady pulse between her legs drove her resolve. 

Allison approved of the décor as they entered, modern, uncluttered and tidy. Charlotte led her into the living room and indicated she should take a seat on one of the comphy chairs. 

"Would you like something to drink?" 

"Um, do you have any water?" 

"Sure," said Charlotte and as Allison sat, she stepped over and surprised Allison with a kiss. 

Not just any kiss. Charlotte's lips were swirly sweet and her tongue an expert tease. Desire and pleasure exploded through Allison's body as Charlotte deepened the kiss. Allison couldn't help but spread her legs and Charlotte was right there with her hand. 

Lips and tongue dancing deliciously together, Charlotte lightly stroked Allison through her soaking panties. It was enough, more than enough. Allison felt her whole body tense up as the waves of pleasure burst through her. She moaned against Charlotte's mouth and drove her tounge as deep into the kiss as she could. They stayed like this for long moments, nothing else existing aside from the kiss, the touch and the ever-increasing contractions of pleasure that centered between her legs and coursed through her to the tips of her fingers and toes. 

With a small sound of complaint form Allison, Charlotte broke the kiss and removed her hand. Allison was breathing deeply, the world sparkling around her. She had never felt so good. 

She noticed that Charlotte was also in a high state of arousal, her nipples standing out against her top and neck flushed. 

"Let me..." Allison started. 

"In due time" Charlotte cut her off. First, let me have a look at you! 

Allison didn't resist as Charlotte pulled her panties down and spread her legs wider. 

"Oh, you have such a pretty pussy." Charlotte said. There was nothing sleazy or dishonest about her comment and Allison blushed with pleasure. 

"Your lips are perfect, and such a beautiful rose color. Speaking of rose's, your rosebud is also quite cute." She laughed at Allison's shocked expression. 

"Don't act all innocent, my dear. I know your ass felt every bit as good as your pussy while you came, and if you have neglected that part of your womanhood, then shame on you and we will remedy the situation soon enough." 

"But first, I believe I own you an explanation. I mentioned a man. His name is Jean. He will be able to explain better than I ever could, so let me get him." 

"You mean he's here? In this house? He must have heard everything!" 

"Well I hope he did, or did you change your mind about liking men?" 

Allison felt a sudden ache of longing deep within her that she knew was best satisfied with masculine hardness. She shook her head. 

Charlotte smiled. "I'll be right back." 

She soon returned hand in hand with a medium-height well-proportioned man, in casual shorts and tee-shirt. He had sandy blonde hair, a handsome face and beautiful eyes. 

"Allison, I would like for you to meet Jean. Jean is my husband." 

Allison would have been offended and shocked in any other situation, but the wonderful feeling that continued to envelope her made such moral judgements impossible. She held out her hand and took his. It was warm, with a firm grip, pleasant to touch, but not as soft as Charlotte's. Most of all it projected strength. Again, wetness dripping down her leg. 

"It is wonderful to meet you Allison. Charlotte of course has told me all about you, and I have to apologize at this point. We have been watching you for quite some time. Charlotte noticed you in the gym, although you did not see her. Since then, we have learned as much about you as we could." 

"That's a little creepy" said Allison, but she was secretly pleased. She didn't publish so much on Facebook and Instagram to hide. Also, he had a kind, mischievous smile. She trusted her instincts with people and they told her that these two were genuine. "Then you have the advantage of me. I know little about you and find myself in the most unlikely situation I could ever dream." She followed quickly. "Although, the little I do know, I like very much." 

Charlotte handed her a glass of water which she downed quickly. 

"Before I rip your clothes off and make you mine," Allison blurted out, "I need to know what was in that vial? What have you too done to me? Not that I am complaining. How long will this last? Can I have more" 

Charlotte mocked an offended expression and said, "Make him ours you mean?" 

Jean laughed. 

"To answer your questions, you should remain like this through the night. The ambrosia will wear off in the morning. Unfortunately, we do not have another vial and gambled quite a bit on you, as it took years to make. The good news, is that there is another source. I would prefer to explain that later." 

He moved closer to her. He smelled absolutely wonderful, not perfumed, but masculine with a clean sent. It sent her head reeling and her knees week. 

"I would ask your consent. Will you join Charlotte and I for a night of pleasure?" 

Allison's answer was to press her body to him, feeling his hard muscles against her belly and chest. 

He led her into their bedroom, Charlotte following close after. She wasted no time, pulling off her dress and undoing her bra. Her breasts sang at his touch sending shockwaves rippling outwards and centering on her crotch. 

She was unthinking, pure instinct, animal. She pulled down his shorts and felt his length through his boxers. She ripped them off and covetously explored his shaft with her fingers drinking him in with her eyes. He was long, but not too long, and uniformly thick. His head was proportionally wider than his shaft and she trembled with impatience to feel it force its way into her body. He was velvety hard, and to her immense delight she could feel him throbbing strongly in her hand. 

She pushed him back onto the bed and ripped away her own panties. She straddled him and reached down to position his head against her drooling, starving entry and pushed against him. 

With a gasp and cry of pleasure she felt his head enter her. She pressed harder, but now he was holding her hips, preventing her from fully consummating her need. She whimpered a complaint and he began to lower her, impaling her millimeter by millimeter. 
