 There's a pressure holding my chin. "That's unusual." a deep and somehow accentless voice remarks. I open my eyes in surprise, only to find a dark haired woman staring back at me. I let out a small gasp and lift my head out of her grip. 

Stupidly, all I can manage is "What?" 

The same voice comes from the mysterious woman's mouth. Not that there's anything womanly about it. "You made the mark but you had no reason to do so." I can barely muster the focus to clearly hear what she said. I begin to stand. I don't know what she could mean by mark. I have made no mark anywhere that I can immediately recall. My mind is drawn away from what she said however. I notice that the room I'm in has no discernable end in any direction. Instinctually I try to assign a color to the floor, but my mind recoils from the attempt. I can't come up with a name for the color of the floor. My most immediate go-to is white, but it's almost certainly not white, though I can't say definitively that it isn't white. 

I'm mercifully freed from that train of thought by that same deep voice, "You don't have the right organs to understand that... color. Thinking about where you are is both a futile question and a wasted effort. Because you haven't physically moved." I haven't moved? She now has my full attention, what does that mean? Did she take me somewhere? Is she saying that I'm in a place that I didn't move to on my own? 

"Voices and thoughts are the same thing here, but I can tell that you don't necessarily mean to ask me these questions directly." She says, her expression amused. 

I become flustered, "Why did you take me?" 

Her slight grin turns indifferent at the accusation. "I haven't taken you, though you've inconvenienced me, intent is a powerful thing. Especially when one knows what symbols to use, and where." 

"You aren't really making any sense. I think you're mentally ill. If you let me go, I promise not to go to the police." I say, voice breaking slightly, refusing to believe in her nonsense. Her voice is too strange to not be deliberate. 

A gentler voice suddenly replies, "Ah, so more like this. Would a more accurate representation of female vocalizations make this whole situation run more smoothly?" She stands to meet my gaze, only slightly shorter than I am. "I finally arrive after the requisite three moons, and you have no reason for summoning me?" Three moons rings a bell. Its significance hits me all at once. The mark on my desk! I was feeling somewhat mystical, and thought I might try creating some symbols that I thought would look cool as charms or curses. The only one that I thought turned out well was a design that incorporated three crossed crescent-moons. They were surrounded by all the other stages of the moon in a circle. No one but I should know about that. It's on my desk, scrawled under my keyboard. 

"Who are you?" It seems the most appropriate question for this strange being. 

"There are more answers to this question than I feel like reciting. Especially since none of them would make this situation any clearer to you." She says, grin returning to her face. 

"Do--" My voice dries up, my attempt at speech becomes labored and near impossible. 

"I'm going to explain as best I can, because I could leave you here clueless, but I think if I do that... You'll probably end up attracting someone less kind, the next time." She steps back and I feel the muscles in my throat loosen. "The closest approximation to where we are, that you would understand, is a dream. A place within your mind and your control. I only have this appearance as a result of your mind attempting to make you feel more comfortable." 

A detail rushes to the front of my mind. Her power over me is real enough so I play along, "Then why doesn't the color of this room make sense? This is my mind, surely I wouldn't create something beyond my own comprehension." 

"You would, and you have. You are trying to see it, but you aren't using your eyes right now. You're asleep." It makes sense, you don't really see things in a dream. The images are all created within your mind. 

"Exactly." Her response to my thoughts startles me, I don't think I like being completely exposed like this. "I can comprehend every layer in space, my physical body has the requisite parts. You, on the other hand, are human. Only one layer of space is visible, and only five senses are available to you within that space. I can't imagine being so limited." She seems to take on a look of melancholy at that last statement. Does she pity me? 

For some reason I feel I need to reassure her, "I've only ever known what it's like to be human. I can still experience joy in my limited senses. I've never longed for more." 

She glides towards me, only stopping about half a foot from my face. "It appears that you aren't lying, which is odd. You are unique. Every other life form that has requested my presence did so to broaden their mind. To comprehend as I do." Her nose scrunches up, in either disgust or confusion. "You seem... content. No one has ever let me experience being content." She chuckles at something, "Those who summon me, do so because they are not content in their being." 

I swallow, she has a very strong presence. Its overwhelming when she's this close. "Well, I think I summoned you by mistake. What do you mean by no one let's you?" 

She seems excited about something as she begins speaking, "I trade in emotions and experiences. You can only give what you have, and I've accumulated many." Her eyes, which are an abyssal shade of blue, gleam. "You have real joy in you, that would make a very valuable trade item." 

She backs away abruptly as her features resume a more inquisitive look. "Is something wrong?" I ask. 

"You have... something else." Her eyes shoot back up to meet mine again, "What is, ecstasy?" 

I turn what I imagine to be a very noticeable shade of red. Does she mean sex? How has she never met someone who's had sex? She acts like she's met plenty of different people. She interrupts my racing mind, "Those who summon me tend to be more misanthropic in nature. They don't much care for others of their species." That also explains why she's never found a being who possessed joy. 

"I don't know how to explain it to someone like you." I steel myself to attempt an explanation. "Generally humans obtain ecstasy by giving it to each other. It can really only be created with someone else." 

She squints at me, "But I can see you invoking it within yourself plenty of times." 

I gasp at the violation, "That's not your business! Don't look at those things! That's not ecstasy, that's just a result of being lonely." I turn away. I always thought of myself as a very sexually open person. I suppose that only applies when I reveal it on my own terms. 

She glides forward once more. "Even among my kind, its uncouth to view another's experiences. I'm sorry for going too far." 

I calm myself down and meet her gaze. "I would normally still be angry I think. Though, I can't imagine that you would care enough to tell anyone about the things you saw." 

"An accurate assessment, though you really do use a variety of techniques and objects." She says, not knowing how strange it feels to talk to someone with that sort of knowledge about me. 

The conversation comes to a standstill. She gazes intently at me for the duration of the silence. She's considering something, but her thoughts are not out in the open like mine. In the extended silence I begin to notice her form, it's stunning. Her hair is a gleaming vacuum-black, and her eyes are piercing like the parts of the ocean that light can hardly reach. She's slender but curvy and she's tall to boot. Her hands and feet are small; the skin smooth and unblemished. She has no makeup to speak of, and she certainly doesn't need any. I would like to think that I would approach her if I saw her in real life. However, I don't think I'm confident enough to make that kind of attempt on a woman this beautiful. 

"You find this form to be, attractive. That wasn't the intent when I accepted it. It's just easier to talk to someone who isn't screaming in fear of the massive moon-sized monster." Power radiates off of her. My innate sense of fear screams for me to run, but there's nowhere to go. 

My curiosity gets the better of me, "You're... moon-sized?" 

"Almost, you wouldn't be so aroused if I were to appear to you in that form, I assure you." Her smile has a menace to it. 

"I'm not aroused." I quickly retort with indignance. 

"That's the first time you've lied on purpose. If I can hear your thoughts, then reading your hormone levels is a somewhat more mundane task." She stops for a moment. "You want to create ecstasy with me." 

My first urge is to deny it, in a loud way. Instead, I take a riskier approach. "What does that mean to you, what does that mean here?" 

I blink, and she appears next to me only an inch away, "It means whatever you think it does. I don't know how to do it, or what is required. But you wouldn't give me something that valuable without hefty compensation." 

I would, in a heartbeat, especially since I don't know what I would want in return. 

"So you would, but I feel that you deserve something in return, something large. I can give you a cluster. It's quite far for a human, but I could give you dominion over it." 

I think for a moment about the offer. "No, because we would both get the experience, remember that it's made together." She gives me a look of affirmation, "Your reasoning is sound, but how about this: If after we are done, I feel that this payment isn't sufficient, we can renegotiate." 

I put my head in my hand. "You act as if the deal is already done, I haven't agreed to anything yet." 

She looks more dejected than I would expect, "But..." 

I laugh, "I'm joking, we can... do it." After I finish speaking, she continues to stand and stare at me. "Could we maybe get something soft... a bed perhaps?" 

"Yes we can." The environment shifts to that of my bedroom at home. Though most of the furniture other than the bed seems to be missing. "For the sake of space. I don't know how much room this sort of experience needs... to be performed." 

I know that I need to make the first move, but I don't feel like I've earned this. It feels like I've hired someone to have sex with me. I feel a hand on my cheek. "I'm not human. Your arbitrary moral and temporal restraints don't apply to me, and you can't hurt me." A malicious smirk forms on her face, "Even if you tried." 

The hungry, evil way she just looks at me, sends me flying into the advanced stages of arousal. "You said it, not me." I turn and pull her into me. I caress her soft behind while I aggressively claim her mouth with my own. Her eyes widen with surprise, at both the unfamiliar sensation and aggression. 

She pushes me back, panting heavily, "What are you doing? This body feels hot and strange. Are you doing it right?" 

I stroke her gorgeous black hair. "It feels that way precisely because I'm doing it right." 

"I don't hate it, but these coverings feel like they're in the way now." She admits. 

She doesn't know what her words are doing to me. "You can take them off, in fact, I want you to take them off." Her clothes fade from being, simply disappearing after a few seconds. 

I finally get a look at her bare body. Her breasts are firm and look like they'd fit in my hand perfectly. Her stomach is defined but not muscular, and her center is hairless and smooth. Her hips are perfection, and they lead into the smoothest, loveliest legs I've ever seen. 

I can see a shining moisture between her legs that invites me to partake. "You're really wet." 

She looks down, somewhat frazzled, "Yes, I can't make it stop, I think you did it." 

I gesture for her to move onto the bed. "Lie back, I want to show you something." 

"Your going to show me more? This is the best de--" She exhales suddenly as I bury my head between her legs. I begin with the edges of her entrance, working my tongue around while rubbing near the top with my right hand. She's breathing heavily the whole time. Her hot breath running over my hair. She's driving me crazy, her sounds are completely unrepressed. She lacks the timidity of an actual human woman. She moans with that gentle voice she adopted only minutes ago. 

A hand pushes on my forehead, bringing me up so I can see her crystalline features. "It feels like the stars are rushing into me, it feels like creation... And I want more." 

She wants me inside already, but she doesn't understand the feeling. "Do you create things?" 

Her eyes turn speckled, like a starscape in the forest. "Yes, it's my pride, my purpose. It is all that I am, and I find the greatest joy in it. It is the closest I can get to describing how I feel." 

Her language, the power behind her words is immeasurable. I feel she could travel galaxies and create worlds on a whim, and she's mine right at this moment. "You're amazing." I say breathily, as I slide two fingers inside her. She yelps at the surprise, and arches slightly with the new sensation of having something inside her. 

As I move gently within her, she wraps her legs around my head, pressing my mouth to her clitoris. Of course I begin feasting on her, which only causes her legs to tighten further. 

With a movement, faster than I could register, she sits up and takes my head into her hands. She brings me close to her face, which has a look of unabashed lust on it. She doesn't know what to do with that feeling, so she stares into my eyes expectantly. 

I move to her right side and lay down. "I think this is probably the best way for you to experience your first time. You should get on top." 

Her eyes dart to my swollen member. "It's large, and it looks really dangerous." 

I almost lose it with laughter. "I don't think you have a good reference for what's big or small... or dangerous." 

"That's true, it just looks like it may not fit." She says with genuine worry in her soft tone. 

It's comical, but I should alleviate her worries. "It'll fit, human physiology is pretty flexible." 

She straddles me and begins sliding herself along its length. "It would be a grand disappointment... if it were to not... fit. I hope you're right." She says between labored breaths. Finally she slides my penis into her hand and adjusts it under her core. 

As she slides herself onto me, I receive the imagery of countless stars being thrown through the void. Like arrows of light shooting through the absolute black of space. It takes all my restraint not to immediately move my hips, I want to feel her more. I want to bury myself as deep inside her as I can manage. 

And it seems that she wants that too, as she slides all the way down my shaft meeting my skin at the base. She lets out a long moan as she throws her head back in pleasure induced bliss. 

"I can feel it all the way inside, it's incredible." She rasps, leaning forward to press her body against mine. "I'm going to move now; I need to move now." 

Her eyes still locked on mine, she begins moving her hips most of the way up my shaft, and all the way back down. It's as if she is just as interested in my reaction as she is in her own. I can't stop myself from making small noises however, her heat, her power. The way she moves, even though she has no experience. 

"You're so perfect." I say without thinking. She tightens around me and slows down slightly, as if she's trying to enjoy the full length of my cock; every bump and vein. "I can feel all of you around me, it's like the light inside you is speaking to me." 

Her mouth forms the loveliest smile. "Because it is, I am sharing myself with you, all of myself. I want you to feel as I feel." I feel myself nearing my limit, her movements are too much. Her expression is too provocative. 

"You are nearing ecstasy, I can feel it in the way you pulsate inside me, I think I am close as well." She sits up and puts one of my hands on her breast. "Please, do it with me." She strokes me faster and her grip tightens again as she nears her climax. I put my hands on her hips as I'm about to finish. She whispers, "Yes" in my ear, sending me over. 

I pull down on her flawless curves as I finish inside her. Filling her to the brim with my seed, just as she clamps down and arches her back. She's cumming with me inside her. Her quaking body is hunched over me as she continues to climax for nearly ten seconds, ending as she collapses onto me out of sheer exhaustion. Still inside her, I begin to rub her back and kiss the top of her head. She's adorable in this state. 

"We will have to renegotiate." She says as she turns her face towards mine. "You hadn't given me the proper scope of the value of ecstasy." 

"You were the best I've ever had. Trust me when I say that this exchange is even." I honestly don't know what I'd do with a cluster of my own anyway. "It almost felt like it couldn't be real. Like you couldn't be this beautiful or powerful, and still want me." 

She moves her waist upward, both ringing out what remains inside my shaft and finally slipping my member out of her. "There are places in space where I am no more powerful than you are here." Her expression is content and her voice is sweet. "I possess a soul that is the same size and value as that of any human. Even a being as long-lived and expansive as I, only seeks happiness." She looks at me with those star-laden eyes, her words make me feel both insignificant and tremendous. "In three moons I will return, perhaps we can create again. Maybe you'll have something more orthodox to trade next time." 

"You'll come back here?" My eyes widen with delight and an uncontrollable grin takes over my face. 

"It's of no inconvenience to me, as long as you make it worth my time." She says as she stands from the bed. She turns away and begins making unfamiliar gestures in the air. "All you have to do is sleep." With that, a door that looks old and somewhat water logged appears before her. It swings open and she steps through. She looks back for only a moment as it closes behind her, I catch a glimpse of a small, satisfied smile.