 Author's Notes:

© Copyright Darkniciad. If this story appears anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, it is posted without my permission and is likely incomplete/improperly formatted. Please go to Literotica and search for Darkniciad to find the real, authorized version of this tale.

This tale takes place in my fantasy world, and centers upon characters you might recognize from "Queen Alicia" and "King Thakkorias." There isn't much sex in this story, and most of the heat comes in the later chapters.

Much as "Casting Off Convention," this story details early adventures in the life of my characters, long before the 'present day'.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

"Welcome home," Fantil declared as the wagon crested a hill, revealing the sprawling city of Freeland. The bright noonday sun sparkled on the Groen Sea and the river Lionsfare, framing the city in a glimmering halo. Roads converged upon the city from every direction, filled with wagons, horses, and travelers on foot, all seeking the wonders of the magnificent city. 

Though still many miles distant, the sight of the city filled Alicia with relief. She couldn't yet distinguish her own home, and so turned toward a closer vision of familiarity, the soaring spires Osterfayre. She'd never seen her home city from such a distance before, but the castle where Gwen dwelled looked much the same as it did when approaching from the opposite direction.

Mounted men stood marshaled before the castle, and the group sprang into motion only a minute or so later. Alicia recognized a carriage, pulled by four white horses, at the center of the approaching entourage. Her excitement only grew, knowing that the carriage was one Gwen had taken as her own. Within a few minutes, the two groups would meet, reuniting Alicia with her dear friend.

Fantil clucked his tongue and shook his reins, urging just a bit more speed from his reliable team of chestnut draft horses. "It would seem that I will lose the pleasure of your company soon, Alicia."

"I want to thank you again, Fantil. Knowing my father, it is all too likely that I will not have opportunity to do so later."

"It was my pleasure, Alicia." The merchant leaned around the side of the wagon and gestured. "I know your father as well, and have little doubt you are correct. I should imagine there is someone else you wish to speak to before time slips away."

Thakkor jogged up next to the wagon, offering Alicia a nod of greeting and a radiant smile. Alicia smiled back, and fought the warmth rising in her cheeks with all her will.

She only partially succeeded.

After a couple of hops, Thakkor managed gain the steps leading up to the buckboard and a grip on the wagon.

"I don't know how to thank you for all you've done, Thakkor."

"Couldn't hardly leave you out there alone, though you were doing pretty darn good for yourself. Besides, it looks like I'm set for work, now."

Fantil laughed. "Indeed. I would be a very great fool not to retain your sword before a competitor steals you away from under my nose."

His eyes never leaving Alicia's face, Thakkor said, "Too bad we can't convince you to come along. Those little magical arrows sure did come in handy."

Alicia couldn't fight her blush this time. "Thank you."

"Thank you, and you're welcome," Thakkor responded.

For long seconds, Thakkor and Alicia simply looked at each other. Fantil sat between them, glancing back and forth with a knowing smile, though neither noticed. With the group of Baronial soldiers nearly upon them, Fantil snapped the reins and called to his team, "Whoa."

Thakkor and Alicia looked away from each other, both looking quite embarrassed. Alicia saw Gwen waving from the window of her carriage, wearing a joyful smile. When both the carriage and Fantil's wagon rolled to a stop, Gwen flung open the door of her carriage, nearly clipping the footman reaching for the door in the face as he dodged away.

The footman attempted to reach for the steps, but the Baroness shooed him away. "Damn propriety," Gwen declared, before hopping down from the carriage and pulling up her skirts to avoid tripping over them as she hurried toward Alicia. The footman affected a hurt, indignant expression, forcing Alicia to stifle a laugh as she climbed down from Fantil's wagon.

Gwen wrapped her arms around Alicia, hugging her close and saying, "I'm so glad to see you. When I heard of your disappearance, I feared the worst." She released her friend and said, "Come. I simply must know what happened."

The cavalrymen that had accompanied Fantil's caravan rode away toward the city, replaced by Gwen's soldiers. An officer rode forward, his powerful black warhorse snorting as the rider reined in. "We will accompany you to the Nash estates. Master Nash is most eager to reward you all for the safe return of his daughter."

Gwen's eyebrows shot up, and she turned Alicia toward her carriage, pulling on the blonde's hand to encourage her to hurry. "Who is that devilishly handsome young man? The one who can't take his eyes off you?" Gwen whispered.

Alicia glanced over her shoulder, and knew there was only one man Gwen could have meant. "Thakkor," she answered, her whisper carrying far more emotion than she intended.

"Oh my. Now we certainly need to talk," Gwen teasingly responded. She turned to her footman and said, "You know, your face will stay like that if you keep it up. Do relax. If it will make you feel better, I'll let you open the door and put the steps out twice next time."

Alicia chuckled and covered her mouth with the fingers of one hand, unable to contain the mirth caused by Gwen's over-the-top tone. The footman cracked as well, his scowl fading into a slight grin.

"That's better," Gwen said with a nod. "I do apologize. I simply could not wait."

The footman bowed and said, "Thank you, My Lady," before offering his hand to assist the two women in ascending the steps.

The door had barely closed before Gwen sat down on the plush red cushions and folded her hands before her breasts. "Let's start with this Thakkor," she said with a knowing grin. "Whatever did you do on those dark and lonely nights on the road?"

"Gwen!" Alicia gasped, her face burning from the implication. "Absolutely nothing improper happened." Though she tried to sound indignant, she knew her friend was teasing, and couldn't keep a touch of laughter from her voice.

Gwen sighed. "Pity, that." Her expression then turned serious. "I know I shouldn't tease, but I was so frightened that I must to keep from crying. You are well, are you not?"

Alicia nodded, "I'm fine. I have to thank you for encouraging me to learn magic and how to defend myself. Both have served me well in my ordeal."

"Tell me what happened — as much as you are able, please," Gwen requested.

Alicia discovered that she did feel a need to talk about what had befallen her. She took a deep breath and began her tale with the attack on the carriage.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

Her face ached from forcing the appropriate, demure smile to remain on her face throughout the day. She was certain she would never walk again from the pain of wearing the tight, high-heeled shoes that none could even see beneath her voluminous, ornate teal gown. The gown stifled her, leaving her feeling as though she would faint at any given moment.

Somehow, she remained standing and smiling as the last of the guests and well-wishers left. Alicia glanced at Gwen, who stood a few feet away with her husband. Without even looking, Gwen squeezed her right hand tight, and then traced a tiny smile in the air, their secret signal for Stay strong and smile — it will be over soon.

Though she dared not look at the men directly, she could tell that Thakkor and his fellow sellswords appeared even more uncomfortable than her. Thakkor in particular fidgeted enough to give her the impression that he was ready to run away screaming from the pomp that he'd endured all day. For just a few moments, her smile was genuine as she considered that a man who could face death without a second thought looked ready to offer unconditional surrender to speeches and platitudes.

Fantil and his merchants appeared at ease, a testament to the skills that made them successful in their trade. Alicia had nearly spoiled her performance when she happened to see the evidence of the men's true feelings out of the corner of her eye earlier in the day. One of the merchants had mimed stabbing a dagger into his own gut, crossing his eyes and sticking out his tongue while one of Alicia's long winded suitors tried to dazzle the gathering with his verbosity. Fantil and the other traveling salesman had nodded their heads while fighting back laughter.

Alicia's father turned to the merchants and sellswords. "Again, we must express our undying gratitude for the safe return of our beloved daughter. You are, of course, welcome to guest with us this evening."

Fantil stepped forward to speak for the group. "We would not dare impose upon what will surely be an emotional evening of private reflection. Your most generous gratuity for the pleasure of accompanying your lovely daughter home is more than sufficient to provide us with fine lodging in fair Freeland."

"Then we wish you safe journey and good fortune."

Fantil nodded and walked toward the stables where his wagons awaited. The rest of the group followed, but Thakkor looked toward Alicia before falling into step with his fellow warriors.

Alicia's eyes locked with his and her breath caught in her chest. He was about to leave, and she would likely never see him again.

"Do you think you will feel ready to resume our lessons next week?" Gwen asked, snapping Alicia out of her trance.

The Baron added, "I will send soldiers to accompany you on your journey, so that you might never fear such misfortune again."

Alicia knew that the Baroness had purposely distracted her — and just in time. Her heart still thudded in her chest, the strength of her feelings having nearly overwhelmed her. "Yes, of course," she answered, fighting the urge to seek out Thakkor again.

"I shall see you then. Welcome home, Alicia."

"Thank you, My Lady," Alicia responded with an appropriate curtsy.

"Come, daughter, before you catch a chill in the night air."

Alicia accepted her mother's hand, masterfully negotiating the stone path in her heels, eager to shed both the painful shoes and the suffocating gown.

She was far less eager to walk away from the sound of Fantil's wagons rolling out of the stable.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

Alicia paced the gravel paths of the garden, the morning dew dampening the hem of her gown. From the moment she had awakened in her own bed for the first time in so long, she felt as though the walls were closing in on her. Even outside in the garden, she felt imprisoned.

Thankfully, she had an excuse to turn away suitors — for a time. She knew that her father's patience would soon run out. After only a week, she could see irritation in his eyes whenever she asked for permission to withdraw early from dinner or feigned indisposition from her ordeal to chase away the strutting men seeking her hand.

When she heard the sound of horses and carriage wheels approaching, Alicia pulled up her skirts and hurried out of the garden at a speed just below a jog. She slowed only at the last second, resuming a stately walk once beyond the welcome seclusion of the flowers and fruit trees, picking up her day bag from a stone bench along the way.

The carriage appeared to barely move in Alicia's eyes, seemingly taking hours to cross the grounds, mounted soldiers of the Baron riding alongside. Knowing that someone was always watching, she contained her urges and waited for the carriage to pull up and turn around, rather than running for the door as part of her screamed to do.

"Glad I am to see you well," the driver said with a smile.

"As am I, you," Alicia responded, returning his warm smile.

"Nothing more than a crick in my back from the unanticipated nap, Milady."

The footman opened the door and set up the steps, which Alicia ascended almost before they could settle. Less than a minute later, Alicia let out a great sigh of relief as the carriage rolled toward the gates of the estate. Even so, she still wished she could ride with the driver, up where she could feel the wind on her face and see the countryside.

Upon the first, small lurch of the carriage wheels onto the cobblestone courtyard of the castle, Alicia looked toward the massive double doors of the fortress. Her brow wrinkled in confusion when she saw a servant waiting there instead of Gwen. The Baroness had always met her at the front door, and Alicia wondered why things had changed.

Once the carriage rolled to a stop and the footman put out the steps, the servant bowed and announced, "My Lady has asked me to convey you to her in her chambers."

"Very well. Thank you," Alicia responded, still confused. She followed the man through the halls, though she knew the way probably as well as he.

Alicia's guide knocked upon the relief-carved door and announced her.

"Do come in, Alicia," Gwen called from inside.

The servant opened the door, and then bowed before taking his leave. Alicia crossed the threshold, and instantly knew the reason why her friend had not met her as usual.

"What do you think?" Gwen asked, modeling her blouse and skirt.

"It's very becoming," Alicia answered, and then giggled. The Baroness had obviously taken a cue from the clothing she'd seen Alicia wearing upon her return, though Gwen's outfit was made of expensive purple silk trimmed in gold thread rather than plain linen.

"My husband thought so as well, though he is too scandalized to allow me outside my room when I'm wearing it. I'd nearly forgotten how comfortable this is." She then bent to pick up a bundle resting upon the cushions of the cherry wood couch next to her. Holding out a nearly identical outfit in blue as Alicia approached, she asked, "Join me?"

Alicia nodded, more than willing to escape her gown. She removed it carefully, draping it over the back of the couch so it wouldn't wrinkle, and then pulled on the blouse and skirt. The silk felt wonderful against her skin, and fit perfectly.

Gwen clapped her hands and sat down on the couch. "Now, show me your new spell."

Yet another request Alicia was happy to oblige, she sat down her day bag and sifted to the bottom until she found her spell component pouch. Once she removed the miniature arrow, she said, "I actually need to cast this cantrip at something for it to work. It's not very strong, but I don't want to ruin anything."

"The logs in the fireplace?" Gwen suggested.

"Good idea," Alicia agreed, and turned to face the fireplace. She cleared her head, and then started the chant.

"Marvelous!" Gwen declared as the blue-white bolt of magic hurtled from Alicia's hand to explode in a spray of sparks against the half-charred logs. She then beckoned her friend to her and said, "I have some gifts for you."

"Gifts? On what occasion?"

Gwen beckoned again, more insistently this time. "If you must have an occasion, then your safe return. In truth, I simply wished to."

As Alicia approached, Gwen held up a cedar box about the length of her forearm, and perhaps one quarter as wide and deep. "What is it?" Alicia asked.

"Open it and find out." The Baroness stretched out her arms, offering the box.

One look at the dainty silver hinges and latches told Alicia that the box wasn't really meant to be opened or closed frequently. She carefully lifted the lid and gasped in surprise when she saw the sheathed dagger within.

"I thought you should have one more befitting of your station," Gwen explained, and stood up. "The man who sold it to me swore that it is a wizard's dagger."

Elaborate scrollwork decorated the leather sheathe. The grip of the dagger was equally ornate, sporting a crystal quartz pommel stone. Alicia accepted Gwen's silent offer to hold the box while she removed the dagger. When she slid the blade out of the sheathe, she found the same scrollwork decorated the gleaming, double edged weapon. Though short — only a little longer than her middle finger — the blade nevertheless appeared quite dangerous.

Two soft leather straps dangled from the back of the sheathe at the top and bottom, passing through metal grommets. A loop in the center was obviously for securing the sheathe to a belt, but the other straps perplexed her.

Knowing exactly what Alicia was thinking while twirling one of the straps between her fingers, Gwen said, "Let me show you."

Alicia gasped in surprise when the Baroness hiked up her skirt, and then let out a little laugh when the action revealed the purpose of the straps. Gwen had a similar dagger strapped to her thigh, pommel down.

"It is a little awkward at first, but I've grown accustomed to it in the last two days," Gwen said as she let her skirt fall back down. You should be able to find the proper place if you put it on while sitting down."

Once again feeling the security of a weapon in her hand that had washed over her during her flight from captivity, Alicia sat down on the couch and bunched up her skirt.

"A little closer to your knee. Now up a little," Gwen instructed as Alicia placed the weapon against her thigh. "There, that looks right. See if you can buckle it on."

Alicia clamped her thighs together to hold the dagger in place, and then pulled the straps around her leg. Once she cinched up the buckles, she wondered how the blade would remain safely within its sheathe when she stood.

As soon as she considered the conundrum, she noticed the two small leather loops. These hooked over protrusions extending from the joining of the blade and grip of the dagger. A gentle tug on the dagger reassured her that it would remain in place, but only a flip of her finger released one of the leather loops. She could draw the hidden weapon in a matter of seconds.

"Try to walk a bit," Gwen suggested.

Alicia smoothed her skirt back down and stood. After only a few steps, she found that the dagger felt perfectly natural — and very comforting — riding securely against her thigh.

"It seems to agree with you. I had to concentrate not to walk bowlegged for most of the first day." Gwen laughed and asked, "Do you like it?"

"I adore it, Gwen. Thank you," Alicia said with a vibrant smile as she sat down, the dagger again not hindering her movement in any way.

"Now, for your second gift." Gwen reached to the tabletop next to the couch, retrieving a small silk bag and a palm-sized book.

"New spells?" Alicia guessed, eagerly reaching for the book and bag.

Gwen nodded. "I spoke with the woman who taught me magic, and she said that you might be able to cast these, since you managed your new spell. I'll never have the aptitude."

Color flooded into Alicia's cheeks when she opened the book and realized the nature of the first spell. The magic discerned whether a woman was in a fertile part of her cycle. The next spell increased a woman's natural wetness. Every page in the book detailed another spell that had something to do with fertility, sex, birth, or child rearing. She closed the book and remarked, "This must be the naughtiest spell book ever written."

Gwen laughed and nodded in agreement. "If you can learn the magic, it will certainly come in handy some day. The first and last, especially."

Alicia tucked the book pouch of spell components into her day bag, along with her other tools of magic. Gwen's mention of the final spell — a magic to lessen the pain of deflowering — caused Alicia's cheeks to burn even hotter. As soon as she'd realized the nature of the spell, she had thought of Thakkor.
