 Author's Notes:

© Copyright Darkniciad. If this story appears anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, it is posted without my permission and is likely incomplete/improperly formatted. Please go to Literotica and search for Darkniciad to find the real, authorized version of this tale.

This tale takes place in my fantasy world, and centers upon characters you might recognize from "Queen Alicia" and "King Thakkorias."

Much as "Casting Off Convention," this story details early adventures in the life of my characters, long before the 'present day'.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

Alicia rode at Thakkor's side down the hill, once more traveling on the well maintained roads of Freeland. After four days of easy riding, she and Thakkor were within a day's ride of the city.

As on their previous journey, Alicia's coin purse proved a welcome asset on the trip. Rather than spend the money on lodging, Alicia purchased serviceable clothing from a traveling vendor, and paid the man to pass a message to her father through a nearby fort. She and Thakkor rode on, ensuring that they would be far past by the time the slow wagon reached the fort. While she couldn't conscience letting her friends and family worry, she intended to avoid a military escort home this time.

A stop in a charming little hamlet netted the couple saddles for their horses. The animals balked at first, but soon grew accustomed to the feeling, and after a time, even seemed to approve of the better balanced riders on their backs. Alicia also purchased food and two bottles of wine to supplement the supplies Redbear had provided.

Each night, the couple adjourned to their magical tent, shared a bath, and then each other. More than once, the tent had arisen in a secluded section of woodland or field during the day, as well. Alicia toyed with the sculpture that summoned the tent and offered a sultry smile when she saw Thakkor's eyes following the bounce of her breasts caused by the horse's gait.

"Sorry, hard to ignore," Thakkor offered with an apologetic shrug.

"You are incorrigible," Alicia declared with mock indignity as she turned away with a haughty tilt of her chin.

"But you love me anyway."

Alicia couldn't maintain her pose in the face of those words. "Yes, I do."

"I need to water the bushes. We should probably make a stew or something to use up the last of those vegetables before they shrivel up, too."

Alicia pointed to a pair of trees some distance off the road ahead that she thought would probably have enough deadfall underneath for a cooking fire. "There?"

"Good a place as any — if I can make it." Thakkor turned his horse toward the trees and urged a little extra speed from the animal.

Alicia laughed as Thakkor vaulted from his horse upon reaching the trees. He hastily wrapped the reins around a low hanging branch and went to work on his trousers.

Alicia leaned in her saddle as she reined in, miming an attempt to peek at him as he answered nature's call.

Thakkor sighed in relief, and then noticed Alicia. "Now who's incorrigible?" He finished his business as Alicia laughed and dismounted her horse, and then said, "You know, I'm not even sure what that word means."

"Unruly — impossible to correct," Alicia explained.

"Ah, I get it." Thakkor finished tying his trousers and looked around for firewood. "Sounds like somebody took uncorrectable and made it sound nicer."

Alicia reached into her saddlebag and pulled out the tin pot she'd purchased. She then located the small burlap pouch of vegetables and walked toward where Thakkor had already dropped a promising dry limb. She knelt down on the grass near where she thought was a good place to dig the fire pit. "It's rather sad that I don't even know how to prepare these."

"Well, I'll teach you how to burn supper, and you can teach me how to speak cityfolk." Thakkor picked up another thick stump of a limb and flipped it over atop the first.

The sound of fast galloping hooves pounding the hard-packed road attracted Alicia's attention. She turned back toward the road and could just make out four riders in the distance.

"Somebody's in a hurry," Thakkor remarked, straining his eyes toward the approaching riders. "Looks like two men and two women. No — wait. Two men, one woman, and a man in a dress?"

Alicia stood and stepped to Thakkor's side. "I think that's a robe," she offered with a bit of laughter in her voice. "Perhaps he's a..." She trailed off and stared harder. "It can't be..."

One of the men pointed, and the horses veered from the road. This combined with Alicia's reaction set Thakkor's nerves afire. His hand snapped to the hilt of his sword as he slipped into battle mode. "Who is it? Someone else working for that Count what's-his-name?"

Alicia continued to stare in disbelief, doubting the evidence of her eyes. "No, it's Gwen."

"The Baroness?"

A feminine voice, still faint in the distance, sounded out, "Alicia!"

"And Trell," Alicia added when she recognized him riding a jet-black warhorse at Gwendoline's side.

Thakkor relaxed and pondered, "Wonder how they managed to find us?"

"The wizard, most likely," Alicia answered as the riders slowed.

"Alicia!" Gwendoline called again, waving as she reined in.

Alicia waved back, glad to see her friend, but a little disappointed that she wouldn't have one more night alone on the road with Thakkor.

Gwen slipped out of her saddle almost before her horse stopped, hurrying to Alicia's side to hug her with a complete lack of ceremony. "Thank heavens you're safe."

"Aye," Trell declared as he wheeled his horse in close. "My Lady didn't give me the opportunity to do more than snatch up Ronald here and ride out after her like we were running from demons."

Gwendoline looked back over her shoulder and declared, "I have apologized, Trell."

Trell dismounted and said, "And I accepted. It doesn't change the fact that if we'd ran into trouble, we were sorely unprepared for it." He then put his hands on his hips and smiled. "That sword looks fine on your hip, Alicia."

Gwen's eyes darted to Thakkor for a moment and she twitched her eyebrows, causing Alicia to blush. She then turned to Thakkor and said, "Greetings, Thakkor. It seems I have you to thank for Alicia's safe return, yet again."

"We took care of each other," Thakkor responded, reaching out to caress Alicia's shoulder for a second.

"Oh," Gwen responded while looking at Alicia out of the corner of her eye.

Alicia knew that her expression was confirming every naughty thought her friend was entertaining.

"I am famished," Gwen said to spare Alicia any more embarrassment. "Let us prepare food, and the two of you can tell us what happened."

Ronald and Trell joined Thakkor in gathering wood and preparing the fire pit while the Baroness sat down on the grass and gestured for Alicia to begin.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

The Baroness let out a sharp little high-pitched growl as she rode alongside Alicia. "I cannot stop thinking about that blackheart, Count Yeltsin. I have always suspected his hands in black deeds, but this is absolutely unconscionable."

"We'll have the proof to have him arrested as soon as Ronald's detail makes it out there to dig up Armand's body and bring it home," Trell counseled, having sent the younger soldier riding hard back to Osterfayre shortly after Thakkor and Alicia told that part of the tale.

"I am of half a mind to encourage my husband to have the scoundrel publicly drawn and quartered," Gwen declared, the tone of her voice causing her normally docile white mare to nicker and roll her eyes back toward her rider.

"My Lady, Satin is getting a little riled — and if you can pardon my candor — we're close to home. You'll need to put back on the airs," Trell warned.

Gwen sighed. "You are right, of course."

"Let me have a chat with him before you lock him up. He'll happily rot in his cell for the rest of his life by the time I'm done telling him what I'd like to do to him," Thakkor suggested.

Gwendoline burst out into silvery laughter. "You are a positive delight. We shall have to see if that can be arranged."

Alicia smiled at Thakkor, knowing full well what had prompted his anger. His expression softened and he smiled back.

Trell said, "Shouldn't take too long. Ronald's sweet on your handmaiden, Denise. He'll push as hard as he can without making the horses unsound to get back in a hurry."

"You might tell him to press his suit — and soon. Denise is growing frustrated with his cautious approach."

Alicia let out a sigh and Thakkor took advantage of a wide spot in the road to ride up beside her. "You okay?"

"I'm simply not looking forward to this."

Thakkor said, "Wish I could make it easier."

"You are," Alicia responded.

"I think we'd better make camp, Trell suggested. "We lingered a little long over lunch, the moon isn't going to offer much light with that overcast creeping up on us, and Satin is looking worn down."

Gwen patted her horse's neck. "Yes, the poor dear simply isn't used to riding so hard, or for so long."

"Please," the usually silent wizard that Gwen had recruited to find Alicia begged. "This animal's backbone feels like a knife."

Thakkor sized up their location, the time, and the weather in his head. "Think you're right. We might be able to make Aldurvale a couple of hours after dark, but the road winds like a drunken snake laid it out up ahead."

Gwen piped up, "It will provide an excuse to see this marvelous tent you have acquired as well, Alicia."

"I would like to examine it and the other items of magic you acquired," the wizard added.

Thakkor pointed to a stand of pines off the road. "There. Should help keep some of the rain off of us if those clouds open up."

Trell nodded and turned his horse toward the trees, leading the way. "I managed to snatch up a tent before riding out, but it will only fit two of us."

"I can provide my own accommodations," the wizard Glanster revealed.

Trell grunted in approval and said, "Suppose that settles sleeping arrangements. Now, what do we do for food?"

A beating of wings provided the answer, the birds barely missing Thakkor as they took flight. "How does pheasant sound? Think I can bring down a few if I can spot them before they get off the ground."

"Keep an eye out for rabbits, too," Trell suggested.

Thakkor adjusted his bow as the group rode up to the trees. He could already see a perfect campsite just inside the tree line. "Good idea. Haven't had rabbit in a dog's age. Time to see if I'm worthy of Redbear's gift."

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

Thakkor's hunting proved fruitful, netting two rabbits and five pheasants. He even managed to salvage all but one of the arrows. Contrary to his earlier flippant remarks, he cooked everything perfectly.

Glanster ate little, too anxious to examine the magic items Alicia had acquired. He summoned up his small, dome shaped tent, which surprised everyone by vanishing as soon as it appeared. He likewise vanished upon crawling inside.

Alicia called up her tent, much to the delight of Gwendoline. The pair immediately retired inside to bathe. Gwen naturally pressed Alicia for details of her time with Thakkor not included in the earlier recounting. Reluctant at first, Alicia soon opened up to her friend, telling the Baroness everything in hushed whispers.

Trell finished setting up his tent, and then walked over to Thakkor, who sat tending the fire in the twilight. Thakkor chuckled as the older soldier approached and said, "You've been sizing me up since this afternoon."

"Alicia is as dear as a daughter to me," Trell said as he sat down.

Thakkor tossed another log on the fire, the remaining pine sap in the aged wood hissing almost as soon as it touched the coals. "It shows in how well you trained her to fight."

Trell smiled. "Glad I am to have shown her the skills she needed to escape the Count's schemes." He paused, and then asked the question Thakkor had awaited since the soldier's arrival. "So what are your intentions?"

"I'm going to stand by her side as she faces her father. Beyond that, we haven't really discussed it. Whatever we decide, we'll do it together."

Trell clapped Thakkor on the back and said, "That's the answer I wanted to hear, and what I suspected anyway. Alicia's a free spirit."

Thakkor relaxed, now confident that Alicia's teacher approved of him. "That she is. Never thought I'd find a woman that beautiful — let alone one that can hold up her end of a fight."

"She has natural talent. I knew it from the first time I crossed swords with her. She's not going to be happy just sitting at home waiting for you, you know?" Trell pulled a metal flask from a pouch on his belt and passed it to Thakkor.

Thakkor accepted the flask with a nod and took a sip, the potent liquor surprising him a little. "Going to be a hard road if she's going to take up selling her sword with me, though."

"Aye, true," Trell agreed as he took back the flask and took a drink. "Something tells me that the two of you can defy the odds, though."

"Think you're right." Thakkor looked over toward the tent, the sounds of whispering and giggling carrying on the night breezes. "What do you think they're talking about?"

"We probably don't want to know."

Thakkor and Trell laughed, knowing he was likely correct.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

"I am so happy for you, Alicia," Gwen said, hugging her blonde friend. "My husband would likely thank you for telling me all the naughty details — if he knew that it was the reason I was ravishing him when I return home."

Alicia laughed, still blushing from relating the intimate parts of her relationship with Thakkor to Gwen. "You're terrible."

"I need something to tide me over until Ronald gives Denise stories to tell." Gwen's grin slowly faded as she considered something, which she then voiced. "I wish I could counsel you on some way to handle your father's displeasure every time Thakkor comes to call."

"I'm not going home," Alicia responded, a little surprised by her own words. Now that she'd spoken them, she knew them to be true, however.

"What will you do, Alicia? Surely you do not mean to become a simple housewife."

Alicia knew deep in her heart what she wanted. "I haven't spoken to him about it, but I want to travel at his side."

Gwen's eyes widened and her tone was filled with disbelief when she said, "A sellsword?"

"Yes. I want to share in every moment of his life."

"I... I simply do not know what to say. I fear for you, Alicia."

"You don't believe I'm capable," Alicia said quietly, and then hung her head with a sigh.

Gwen paused, seemingly at a loss for words. Finally, she said, "I do not know. Trell is honest in his praise, and surely you have proven your ability during the trials you have endured. Even so, it is so dangerous. You know the adage, He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword."

"Would it be better to wait for him to return, forever worried that he might not? Together, we would be all the stronger."

The strength of Alicia's conviction stunned the Baroness. "I know you more than well enough to know that you have come to a decision, and that you will not be swayed. I may not approve, but I will aid you in any way I can."

"Thank you, Gwen." Alicia smiled, and then yawned.

"We should seek our rest. Surely Trell will have us rising with the dawn. My husband will send out the entire army if we have not returned promptly on the morrow." The Baroness slipped beneath the covers, and then turned toward Alicia with a grin. "Do try to remember that it is I who shares your bed this night. You have grown accustomed to certain activities that I am quite incapable of."

Alicia slapped her friend's shoulder. "Oh, stop."

"And no sneaking out in the middle of the night, either."

Alicia sighed dramatically and joined the Baroness beneath the covers after dimming the magical light above.

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

True to Gwendoline's prediction, Trell roused the camp as the sun was just breaking the horizon. Alicia opened the tent flap and winced as dew dripped down to spatter on the end of her nose. She wiped away the water and then stepped outside so Gwen could exit. Thakkor immediately stood and walked toward her.

"Morning," he greeted her when he reached her.

"Good morning," Alicia replied with a wide smile, wanting nothing more than to gather him up in her arms.

"Oh, kiss her. We are all quite aware of your relationship, and you look positively silly standing there staring at each other," Gwen declared as she walked past.

Thakkor chuckled and leaned down to kiss his love.

Everyone jumped when the wizard suddenly appeared from his invisible tent, having almost forgotten about him. He looked heavy-eyed, but also excited. He reached back into the tent to retrieve Alicia's magical items and several sheets of paper.

"What a truly wonderful night. I have notes concerning the results of my divination. The staff has a remarkable array of offensive and defensive magics, of which I'm quite sure the previous owner was unaware if he did not carry it at all times. The stone amulet confers the same magical properties as the stone skin spell, upon as many as four people, and its magic refreshes after a day has passed."

Trell laughed and remarked, "I haven't heard that many words from you in all the years I've known you, Glanster."

"I... Oh dear, I do seem to be running off at the mouth. My apologies," Glanster responded, and then chuckled. He then walked over to Alicia and handed over everything. Thakkor had to help hold it as Alicia put the items away in her magical bag.

"My notes should be quite sufficient. If you should wish to sell any of these, please think of me first?"

Alicia leafed through the notes, rather stunned by the sheer amounts of magical power at her fingertips. "I will. Thank you for your hard work in this."

"Oh, no need. Fascinating — truly fascinating!"

"Well, unless one of them summons up breakfast, we should mount up," Trell suggested. "We'll break our fast in Aldurvale, and then return to the castle."

Thakkor said, "I know the perfect place. The woman's cooking makes me think of my dearly departed Mum's."

Gwen's tummy rumbled loudly enough for everyone to hear it. "Please do stop speaking of food until we have some."

Trell chuckled and pulled one of the stakes from his tent. "Strike the camp and let's move out."

†ΞΞΞ♥ΞΞΞ†

Alicia felt both relief and dread as the towers of Osterfayre castle loomed larger with every beat of a hoof.

"I'll have a bath drawn, find you a gown, and have the carriage made ready..."

Alicia interrupted, "Gwen — thank you, but no. I will face my father as I am. It is the least of the revelations he will face this day."

Gwen nodded, her lips slightly pursed and her expression showing an edge of sadness. "Very well. I hope you do not think ill of me for my less than subtle attempt to steer you from your chosen course."

Alicia smiled and answered, "I know you simply wish the best for me, and fear my choice is the wrong one."

The Baroness shook her head emphatically. "Not wrong, just rife with difficulty and danger. I should not feel such worry, considering the recent stellar examples of how you handle such adversity."

"Maybe we should head into the city and find a room before we go," Thakkor suggested.

Gwen didn't give Alicia time to answer. "Absolutely out of the question. If you will not remain on the Nash estates, you will guest with us here in the castle."
