 Alicia was in a good mood - teaching that smug String a lesson lifted her spirits as she watched quite a few guys enter the dressing room where the currently disabled dancer girl resided. Not even the fact that her recently brought beer disappeared did worsen her mood - she just went to buy a new, colder one.

She set down and watched the tavern spectacle for a bit. Quite a few people were playing cards in the back, chugging down insane amounts of beer per minute. What was more interesting was the guests talking about their recent adventures near the entrance.

"The catgirl pyramid is a goldmine, I tell you. I mean, not in a literal sense, but they have amassed huge amounts of riches. It is really difficult to get in at night, but during daytime it's possible when most of them are asleep. Lazy people, those cats. I have gotten my biggest share of money yet without even needing to brawl. I actually prefer this way, I would rather not hurt those delicate, cute cat-persons."

The speaker was a tall, muscly guy who was still fairly sober as far as she could tell - that didn't mean he wasn't just talking big, but then he would have probably told everyone how awesome he was as he beat up hordes upon hordes of catgirls, or rather, how his charm mesmerized the feminine opposition. Alicia was quite out of the loop, she wanted to catch up in the recent news. The catgirl pyramid was a known hunting ground if you had the heart to hurt or threaten catgirls, but Alicia rarely went there.

Her attention was diverted when a familiar person entered the bar - a person that she did not wanted to see in the slightest. It was Fildon, the drunken sellsword guy who harassed and humiliated her recently.

He was drunk even before entering the inn - he was probably thrown out from somewhere else before, so he had to seek the next watering hole to quench his unending thirst for beer, or anything stronger. He was still walking straight, however - his tolerance for alcohol was well developed. He walked past the table where the stories were told to stop before a lonely masked girl who sat in a corner, listening to the stories told. Alicia remained out of his sight.

"I knew you would turn up, you... You! You pierced magician whore! You practically robbed me when I have gotten my ear pierced at your place - never that again! And it didn't even work! I hope you don't mind a punch in the face or two!"

Alicia suddenly felt her blood boil - this drunkard just came in and he was already trouble! And he had no guts, he only dared to threaten a girl sitting alone in a corner with no one nearby to protect her. She did not wait to see if any bouncers were on the move, her body reacting automatically - she rushed behind Fildon in less than a second, and struck him with a swift blow to the temple. She did not even realize how angry he made her, and how hard she struck him until he collapsed in a heap on the floor.

She stopped instantly when she saw he was out cold. She felt a good deal of satisfaction - paying back the humiliation from last time felt good, and when the nearby guards came to throw the unconscious Fildron out, thanking her for doing their job, she also felt happy, not having to tolerate the aggressive drunkard in her sight any longer. 

"Oh my, my shining knight in armor. Thanks for saving me, I guess."

Alicia heard the voice in her head - she was being talked to telepathically. It was not her first time experiencing telepathy, but it was far from a daily thing - really far, in fact. She turned around looking for the source.

"I'm right in front of you."

Ali felt foolish when she realized that the girl she just helped out was the one talking to her - since telepathy was often used to cover greater distances, or when the loud noise made traditional speaking impossible, she did not expect the woman right in front of her to resort to speaking directly to her mind. It was a rare ability, even amongst magicians.

She checked the girl (or woman? it was hard to guess her age) out. She wore a mask, covering most of her face - only her bright green eyes were visible. Her clothing was fancy - she wore expensive silks all over her body, fully clothed in red except for a decently sized cleavage. She had shoulder-length jet black hair, adorned with a beautiful tiara. Her ears were pierced with multiple earrings.

Alicia grabbed her beer and a nearby chair, then sat down in front of the woman, checking out her visible features. She guessed the age of the masked woman to be about 25-ish.

"Why are you communicating with telepathy? You are right in front of me. Sure, it's noisy around here, but it's not a big deal.

The answer, as before, came directly to her mind.

"I'm not in a condition where I'm able to speak. To be frank, I haven't spoken with my mouth in the past decade or so. Don't worry about it, I'm quite used to this."

"Well, good for you, because, unlike you, I'm quite unused to people speaking directly in my mind. I also look like a fool to any outsider, talking to myself. Can you also read my mind?"

"Reading minds is a whole lot more difficult - and no, I'm not able to. What I'm able to do, however, is to offer you a job, in case you are interested. The pay would be more than worth your time, and I might offer something extra."

Alicia thought about this for a second. Granted, she came here for jobs, but she would have preferred a more traditional employee, not this mysterious woman who refused to reveal her face or voice. And even Fildon, that drunkard, seemed to have a bad business experience with this strange woman.

"Okay, let's say I'm interested. Who are you? What do I have to do, and what is it in for me?"

Despite the face being invisible, the eyes seemed to be laughing.

"Straight to the point, are you? Very well. I'm Illia, a jeweler. I'm fairly good at my work. As for your other questions, would you prefer to go somewhere more... private? I run a shop not too far away from here, we could go there if you feel awkward seemingly talking to yourself. No one would bother us there."

Alicia stretched her chin, pondering. She looked around as far as her chain would allow her, looking for any third parties that might be involved, but she saw nothing suspicious.

"I guess we could go there. However, I have a question before that: why me?"

The telepathic answer came after a slight delay - apparently Illia needed some time to gather her thoughts.

"Let's say I got trust issues. However, you check out on a lot of things that I value. First, you are a woman - I prefer female employees. Second, you are not a lamia - although I don't hate all of them, I despise them in general. Third, you seem capable. Fourth, you seem to have a fairly hardcore piercing yourself - being flossed and all that. Probably not practical for what I'm about to ask you, but I sympathize with it nevertheless. And fifth, you seem like a good natured person, since you just helped me out there. Oh, and you are sexy as hell. Does that qualify for an answer?"

Alicia was more than satisfied with the reply. Maybe she really got lucky? There was no guarantee that this woman was up to anything good, but at least she seemed honest, despite being mysterious. She gulped down her beer before noticing that Illia didn't have anything to drink - it seemed strange in a bar, but she did not comment on that. She followed her soon-to-be employer out of the bar.

The shop was indeed close. It was a stand-alone building, entirely made from white marble, with windows and doors draped with red and golden curtains against the sand. It was fancy in a good way - it spiked the future customer's interest while being stylish. 

The insides of the shop seemed to keep the theme. It was shop first, and workshop second - only a single corner was reserved for the actual piercing chair, everything else was covered in cabinets containing expensive-looking jewelry. Alicia was careful not to touch anything - she felt way out of place here. She never wore jewelry before, finding them annoying and hindering, especially during rigorous physical activities like fighting or even dancing. Her chain was a whole different matter - it was still jewelry, but also something much more, something different. It was also brand new.

"Please, have a seat. I will be honest - I won't be the one doing the real briefing, I don't know any of the details. However, I will be the one paying and rewarding you. All you have to do is to meet an agent of mine and deliver an item for me. She is a cat-person, so the meeting will be somewhere in cat territory - but as I told you, I don't know the details. The item only holds a sentimental value to me - it's a ring that I used to wear if you want to know. It has no market value."

It doesn't seem that bad, Alicia thought. The specifics were obviously still missing, and at the worst she could just back out if something seemed fishy.

"So I gather that I will be briefed in detail by someone else, right? And may I ask you what the payment for this is?" She felt less awkward being the only one talking aloud than before, since there was no one else around to listen to her.

"Yes, you will be told about the specifics tomorrow, by someone you know well. As for the payment... As you can see, I'm quite wealthy, you will get a fair price. And on top of it, I have something of an inducement right here. It is a specialty of mine." And with that, Illia clamped a tiny ring to Alicia's chain around her navel.

Ali raised her eyebrows. The ring was really small, in the same color as her chain, and as far as she could see, it was full of runes of unknown meaning.

"What does it do?"

"You have to squeeze it to find out" - came the telepathic answer. 

After finding the almost invisible ring on her belly, she pressed on it as instructed. What came next was something that Alicia would never forget. 

Her chain started to vibrate. It wasn't forceful or aggressive, it was much more delicate, more akin to a... purring of a cat. It started around her stomach where the ring was, but it rapidly spread in both directions, quickly going down her pants, reaching her clit and labia, while going upwards under her loose top, arriving to her nipples. The links of the metal clinked slightly against one another, making similar sounds akin to win chime.

It was a difficult to describe sensation that Alicia felt, but it was somewhere between sensual and incredibly arousing. Feeling her orgasm approaching rapidly, she wanted to protest - she came here to work, not to cum, after all, but when she opened her mouth, only groans and moans left her mouth.

The feelings were starting to overwhelm her - she was stimulated in every single erogenous zone of hers at the same time. Her first orgasm came when the vibrations reached her butthole - at the very same time they reached her mouth from the other side. She opened her mouth to avoid the uncomfortable clinking of the chain to her teeth, but other than that, her body did not respond to her conscious actions. She quickly fell to the ground.

The stimulation did not ceased in the slightest - in fact, it became stronger as the vibrations continued to spread all the way through her body. She felt her throat being massaged from the inside as well as her bowels getting their major share of stimulation. She felt her pants and underwear being pulled down - Illia seemed to enter the fray. Her pussy was literally gushing. With most of her clothing done, muffling it no more, the musical, chiming sound become slightly louder. 

"It seems to inflict an even stronger reaction than I predicted. Sorry, but you are way too hot, I cannot help myself."

Alicia could barely register anything at this point - she was becoming a continuously cuming, orgasming mess on the ground, but fortunately, the message arrived directly in her mind. She found herself face-first in the mute girl's pussy - and what a pussy this girl had! Even with her barely functioning mind, she admired the work this woman had to go through to install this many rings and metal in her vagina. She licked right into the wettening hole, tasting pussy and metal.

Meanwhile, the vibrations were spreading relentlessly, becoming a full circle inside her stomach. Alicia had a hard time focusing on the pussy right in front of her, as delicious and exotic it may have been - was the clit pierced as well? She could not tell anymore - she could not see or hear anymore, touch becoming her only remaining sense, filling her world up with stimulation upon stimulation. Her orgasms seemed to follow each other rapidly - even time lost its meaning.

When she came to, she was back in the chair, still naked, barely able to think. She felt Illia's hands on her shoulders, her voice in her mind.

"I can make this a permanent thing, if you succeed on your mission. You will be able to activate it at will. Vibrating jewelry is my specialty, I have tried and tested many of my designs, most of it on myself, but none had quite the reaction that I hoped to get - none, except this one. This chain of yours works as a wonderful amplifier. The vibrating ring will be my special thanks to you, should you succeed."

Alicia really hoped that she would.