 Proofread by FernieLyn 

This story is a bit wordy and fairly long, so if you are looking for immediate gratification, you might want to look elsewhere.

The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between these character and events and any real person or events is strictly coincidental . . . and pretty darn impressive seeing as it is a science fiction story. Do not reproduce or copy this story without the consent of the author.

This story is based in an alternative universe, where history took a different course than the one we are used to. In this world, the creatures which we now believe to be legends have walked alongside man for the duration of our existence. Vampires, werewolves, wizards, witches, sorcerers, and a host of other beings share our world.

The following story contains, in one chapter or another, lesbian, homosexual, heterosexual, anal, group, sci-fi/fantasy, non-human, and BDSM sexual activity. There may be some erotic horror in there somewhere as well, but I haven't made up my mind.

---------------------- ------------------------

Shamira had endured a lot of new experiences as of late, but getting kissed in the middle (okay, at the end) of a firefight with magical insectoids was pretty damn unexpected. Sebastian had confirmed that she was too pumped up to be afraid of much of anything, then he had laid a big one on her. It wasn't sweet and perfect the way Clara's were, but it was a manly, forceful, and consuming act that warmed her up in all the good places. 

"I have been waiting oh-so-patiently for that," Sebastian said with a grin. The first time they had met, she had screamed and knocked him unconscious. She was deathly afraid of spiders, and he turned into one whenever he felt like it. It had been an inauspicious beginning to their friendship. "I hope you liked it, because there's more where that came from."

"Shamira," Henry shouted from nearby, "jump back to the house to help. We'll gather up the corpses and do damage control."

Shamira nodded, biting her bottom lip as she and Sebastian backed away from each other. She ducked into a dark stairwell and jumped back home. The shell walkers had launched a two-pronged assault, and there was still work to be done.

Shamira appeared in Reaper's room, as the lights were off and it was closest to the armory. She activated her headset as she hit the armory. "Shane, I'm back. Where do you need me?"

"We managed to keep them out of the house itself," came Shane's voice after a second of static. "We've got about a dozen or so left out on the golf course. Bring something quiet, but no flame throwers. I just got the fairways how I wanted them and don't want scorch marks." There was another pause. "Stop rolling your eyes at me. I love this golf course."

'How did he know?' Shamira thought as she stopped rolling her eyes, slung a silenced semi-automatic rifle and the net guns over her shoulders, grabbed her silver-tipped bull-whip to match her snake-whip, and headed out doors. 

It was more of a hunt than a fight by the time she got out there. Shane's human security forces were pretty damn good, and shell walkers weren't much of a match for weres in full blown combat mode. Shamira had actually beaten Bjorne and his crew back to the base, so they were actually outnumbered in regards to magical creatures. Shamira needn't have worried. She actually saw Renata in her jaguar form and both of the new werelionesses in their beastly forms, and they seemed to be having fun playing with their prey. Clara and Lillian were standing together on the ninth-hole green and were chanting, but Shamira couldn't tell what they were doing at first. Then, Shamira saw a shell walker grabbed by a tree and then smashed into tiny bits. 

'That seems like a Clara thing,' Shamira thought, glancing towards her lover. Shamira jumped into action, finding another walker skulking through shadows. She went double whip on it, and felt a little tingle in her nethers when she popped it in the chest with the bull-whip and made it scream before collapsing in a heap. She flicked it again with the smaller whip, just to make sure, then returned to the hunt. She saw Monique and Raul hunting like pack animals in their wolf forms, nipping at their enemies and driving them towards the bigger cat weres. 

Shamira pulled the net gun around and started looking for the few remaining insectoids. It was hard to see them with her shadow sight, since every living (or undead) thing out and about was moving around frantically. Just to be safe, she moved towards Shane. He was the big target at the end of the day, and she'd be surprised if they didn't make one more play towards him.

Sure enough, she had just emerged from the trees and spotted him in the hole - one tee off area when three shell walkers made a break for it, trying to run Shane to ground. Shamira learned something that afternoon . . . it had something to do with a phrase that her brother had said once. Some dogs like to chase cars, but don't have any idea what to do when that car stops. Shane wasn't armed, and apparently he didn't need to be. Where Sebastian had fought with grace, Shane was simply dominant. Step one, break a shell walkers neck with a knife-edged chop from the right hand. Step two, duck two knife swings and then land an upper-cut that broke a second neck. Third, stare down your remaining opponent until --

'Crap,' Shamira thought, taking aim and then firing the projectile. A small ball of matter quickly opened up and the net incapacitated the last shell walker. 

"I had him you know," Shane said smugly.

"Yes sir. Of course sir. I just figured it would be easier to interrogate him if he was . . . oh say, not dead?"

"I'm sure Lillian could have managed it. Regardless, it was a good idea."

"So we caught them all?"

"Looks like it." Shane put his hand on her shoulder. "It could've been bad if someone hadn't suspected this might happen." He was obviously proud of Shamira's insight. "Now go help with clean up and then --" He paused, waving his hand in front of his face. "Go clean up yourself."

Shamira wandered off, muttering to herself. Why was it that dead magical bugs always stank to high heaven? Lillian had already given the all clear, so the shell walkers' corpses were getting gathered up and deposited at the house's "disposal center," which meant the addition to the house where interrogations were done and where the incinerator was located. Shamira wasn't ready to have any part of that. 

On her way back to the house, Shamira felt a presence walking beside her. She looked over and saw Renata prowling around, rubbing against her legs like a common house cat and looking up at her.

"Don't think I've forgiven you for that sneaky shit you pulled in the kitchen," Shamira said, smiling and scratching behind Renata's ears. "But I guess it turned out all right." 

"What did?" Clara said as she approached. "Oh," she said dryly, looking at the big cat. "You found a stray."

"She found me is more like it," Shamira said. 

Clara wrinkled her nose. "You're covered in bug goo."

"That keeps happening to me. Notice that the guys with sniper rifles never have to deal with this?"

"Yes, but they don't get the glory. How'd the bug hunt go downtown?" 

Shamira sighed and recounted the entire event, up to and including the surprise kiss from Sebastian. She felt that she should tell Clara about that for some reason. 

"Sounds like you had a good afternoon," Clara crooned. "You got to kill bugs, you impressed the hell out of Shane, saved the day, and then the princess got kissed by the prince. And it didn't freak you out?"

"I had the adrenaline thing going," she muttered, embarrassed by the flattering comments. "He's really amazing to watch in action." 

"He's not bad to feel in action either," Clara laughed, then frowned when she saw Shamira flinch. "It still bothers you, doesn't it? Me subbing for him?"

"Just still freaked out by the idea of you on bottom is all. I'm good, really. So, have you evaluated everyone?"

"Yep. I got Yosyp Friday night, so that's everyone. The new vamps-to-be are subs, so I should be off the hook for a while." She took her friend's arm. "So, want any help showering?"

Shamira smiled. "Don't I always?"

Renata purred loudly, nuzzling Shamira's crotch, then doing the same to Clara's. 

"Okay, you can come too," Shamira said.

"If you're lucky," Clara added, stroking the Jaguar's back.

Renata shifted back to her normal form, her curvy little body perfectly naked. "I'm feeling lucky," she said. 

The three women wandered into the house and invaded Clara and Shamira's room, as they had the biggest shower. It was one of those walk-in that could comfortably fit a family of ten, except that a family of ten didn't need waterproof chains and cuffs attached to the walls. Renata was already naked, her generous curves and ghetto booty on proud display for all. 

"So, how hot do you girls want it?" the werejaguar asked innocently, bending over and grabbing the faucet handles. 

Clara smiled and proceeded to undress. "As hot as we can stand," she said. She watched as the Brazilian sexpot turned on the water, then grabbed her and dragged her to the center of the room. "It's Shamira's day off," she whispered as the water started splashing over the woman's skin, "but you . . . oh, I can make you do whatever I want." She looked over at Shamira. "Whatever WE want," she corrected.

Shamira smiled back and started to disrobe. It took her longer, since she still had her body armor on. When she was completely undressed, she saw the Clara had actually cuffed Renata to a chain hanging directly down from the ceiling. Shamira didn't remember those chains being there before.

'How many surprises does she have in this room?' the muscular vamp thought. She walked around, getting a good look at the were in their clutches. She wasn't sure what to do; she wasn't dominant, but it was obvious that she wasn't going to be uninvited to play. Then Clara handed her a bath loofah and a bottle of body wash, and Shamira didn't need more encouragement. She poured a generous amount of wash onto the loofah and began lathering and scrubbing Renata's body as Clara watched.

"Get her very clean," Clara said as she stuck a finger into her own folds, "especially around the ass. I want her asshole squeaky clean when I fuck it. She likes it that way, don't you?"

"Yes Mistress," Renata purred, enjoying Shamira's strong hands all over her body. 

"Yes what?"

"Yes, I love being fucked back there."

Shamira was imagining what it would be like to see Renata's round, muscular ass being split and violated. It was a serious turn on for her. She wrapped her arms around the Brazilian from behind, pressing her chest against the girl's back while scrubbing her breasts, stomach, and sex. She was a tool in this, same as Renata. She just wasn't in chains. She was beginning to get a reaction as the werejaguar pressed back against her hand and the relief it promised.

"Pull your hand away," Clara said, reading Renata's expression. "Oh no naughty kitty, not yet. You thought you'd slip that one by me?" She stepped forward and grabbed her captive's dark nipples and pulling on them hard. "You're in my shower," she whispered, pinching hard, "which means you'll get as wet as I let you." She released the nipples and then slapped each breast hard. "So firm," she muttered. "Shamira, don't you think they're firm?"

Shamira did a reach around, fondling those generous breasts and feeling their weight. "Very firm." She gently tugged on Renata's nubs. She wasn't a dominant; she had no interest in inflicting pain. 

Clara looked at the captive were. "Shamira's body . . . do you like having it pressed against you like that? Tell me how it feels?" She slapped Renata's breasts again, sending water splattering across the shower stall. 

"It's hard," Renata said, pushing her butt against Shamira's crotch. "So strong."

Clara grabbed one of the nozzles from the wall, handing the shower head to Shamira. "Keep her entertained. I'll be right back." 

Shamira didn't question her lover, but just took the shower head and directed it up at Renata's pussy. Her other hand slid between those luscious ass cheeks and a single finger penetrated the woman's rectum. 

"Oh Goddess," Renata groaned. She was so close to cumming that it was blowing her mind. "Not yet," she whispered. "I can't cum unless she gives me . . . me permission." Renata was gasping, her body at odds with her brain on what should be happening.  

Shamira continued to finger the girl's tight asshole, but pulled the shower head away, directing down her neck and breasts, watching the trickles of water flow around those perfect mounds. She kissed Renata's neck, feeling the blood beneath her lips. She knew better than to bite without permission, but she loved knowing that she could. 

Clara returned, and she had on a strap-on dildo of impressive proportions, and she was carrying another smaller phallus complete with handle. She handed the second toy to Shamira. "Make sure it's nice and wet before you fuck her ungrateful ass with it," she said. She took a ball gag that had been tucked into the harness, fixing the ball in Renata's mouth and tying the straps around back. 

Shamira dropped to her knees and grabbed one of those full cheeks with one hand. She let the dildo get nice and slick, then pressed the head against Renata's asshole. "I've always wondered if this looks as sexy as it does in porn," she muttered.

"You watch a lot of porn?" Clara chuckled.

Shamira nipped Renata's ass with her teeth. "I had a lot of spare time on my hands."

Renata got on her knees behind her lover and shoved the dildo into her sex from behind. "Not anymore," she whispered, barely audible over the falling water. 

Shamira let her core be filled by Clara while slowly pushing the toy in her hand into Renata's greedy rosebud. It was incredible for her to watch from so close, as inch my inch penetrated that glorious behind. She could hear the werejaguar grunting into her gag, but it wasn't from pain or discomfort. Shamira gently bit ass flesh again, pushing further into Renata as Clara pushed further into her. It was a thick toy, but Shamira realized she liked it. She was turning into a bit of a size queen, and a bit of a slut. The thought warmed her.

Clara was nibbling on her ear, but stopped to murmur, "What are you thinking?"

Shamira thrust upward while pushing back on Clara. "How weirdly . . . happy . . . I am here." She reached around and started rubbing Renata's mound, then bit her ass again.

Clara's heart fluttered a little bit. She didn't realize how much Shamira's happiness meant to her, but it gave her such contentment knowing that this woman was finally accepting herself and her place in the house. "Make her cum," she said. "I'll do the same for you." Her lips touched her lover's neck as she thrust in and out of that tight pussy. "Let me bite you," she said. "Let me show you how you make me feel."

The bigger woman was a little nervous, but she nodded her consent. She felt lips affix themselves to her neck, and then she was penetrated in more ways than one. She gasped as a sensation of deep, satisfying joy crept through her. It was like a warm fire in the hearth on a cold winter's night, or the heat of a lover's body first thing pressed against one's self in the morning. It was safety, but it was also excitement. 

She lost track of Clara's movements, but never of her feelings. Shamira orgasmed almost instantly . . . and continuously. Her hand must've been moving awfully fast, as Renata was grunting for permission to climax. She apparently was willing to risk not getting Clara's permission, because Clara wasn't home anymore. She was caught up in the sensations she was projecting into her friend. 

Clara withdrew her fang, licking the few traces of blood from Shamira's neck. She had barely taken anything, but had simply wanted to share that moment. "Was it good for you?" she asked, feeling a little bit shy. 

"It . . . was . . . (gasp) . . . amazing," Shamira replied, turning her head and kissing her lover.

Clara pulled out of Shamira and stood in front of Renata's pleasure-racked body. "You came," she said, sniffing the woman's neck. She slapped those breasts several more times, waiting until Renata began to whimper. "I think she's feeling a little left out. What do you think?"

"We really shouldn't be so rude," Clara said, looking hungry. She pulled the gag out of Renata's gasping mouth. Then she spread the were's legs and pushed her enormous strap-on between those nether lips until she bottomed out. "That's what the little bitch likes. She likes being mounted by big . . . powerful . . . cock." She thrust upward with each of those last words. "Stand up, but keep fucking her ass," Clara said. 

Shamira did as she was told. Okay, maybe she wasn't supposed to be taking orders on her day off, but damn it, she wanted to. 

"Renata," Clara said, kissing the nap of the woman's neck. "Do you consent?"

Renata knew what her friend wanted. She'd been bitten before, but generally when someone needed food. Strangely, she hadn't been bitten often during sex. She nodded.

"Say it. Say that you want us to penetrate you with our fangs, just like we're penetrating you with everything else . . . everyWHERE else."

"I want it," Renata groaned, feeling sex toys in both her lower entrances, developing a rhythm inside her body. 

Clara nodded at Shamira, who gently sank her fangs into one side of Renata's neck, then the senior vampire did the other. For Renata, she felt lust and friendship, a warm breeze as she hunted through the jungle, the feel of the muscles as she pounced . . . it really was her idea of paradise. And she realized just how infatuated her two lovers were with each other. 

'And Shamira really has an unnatural interest in my ass,' she thought amusedly as she was brought to multiple climaxes. Clara grabbed her nipples and twisted them, while Shamira was content to continue cupping one of Renata's ass cheeks with her free hand. 

Both vampires withdrew their fangs, but they weren't content until they had double-penetrated Renata to yet another orgasm. By the time her body stopped its ecstatic tremors, she was a hanging side of sexual meat . . . just one of the bonuses of working with people like this. 

"You haven't cum yet," Shamira told Clara. "Doesn't seem fair to me."

Clara grinned, and the two of them undid Renata's cuffs. They dried each other off and quickly found themselves in bed. Renata's head was between Clara's thighs, her talented tongue working away while the Native American vampire had a death-grip on Renata's hair. She was grinding her pussy against her friend's face, only occasionally letting her up to breathe.

Shamira lay next to her on the bed, stroking Clara's body and sucking on her breasts in between kisses. Then she slunk down the bed and coaxed Renata up on to all fours, then grabbed two handfuls of that ass while eating her sweet nectar from behind. Sometimes, she let her thumbs slip inward and penetrate Renata's ass, and it made the girl groan into Clara's sex. 

"She likes that even more than you do," Clara said approvingly. "Of course, I don't think Renata's ever taken on four guys at the same time before. She'll have to play the submissive more often if she wants to regain her top-slut status."

Renata latched her lips onto Clara's clitoris and sucked while her fingers worked their magic. She felt she had just been challenged to some degree, and was looking forward to meeting it down the road. After she'd had a chance to dominate the newbies of course, starting with Shamira. She made Clara cum in no time, taking delight in making that lean and sexy body writhe beneath her attentions.
