 Alicia went home, feeling tired but excited. Things were turning out really well - she had a job assignment that was expected to pay well, and that vibrating ring... She was tempted to touch it, to activate it again, but decided against it - she wanted to be well rested and capable tomorrow.

The ring was still in her navel, but according to Illia, it only had energy for a couple of uses at most. If she were to succeed on the mission, she would get a finalized version - one that recharges, using the body's naturally discharging energy as a source. Ali wanted that ring much more than the money - Illia certainly knew how to motivate her employees.

The next day, Alicia awoke early, feeling ready for action. She was supposed to meet someone she knew at the eastern gate, but before that, she had a lot to do. They will be traveling in the desert, so she brought provisions aplenty, not forgetting to store the water in flasks to prevent evaporation. Second, she brought a camel. She wasn't that experienced in camel-riding, but they weren't that different from horses, and she was used to riding those. She also brought her good old bastard sword and its sheath, the weight of her weapon was a familiar, reassuring feeling on her back.

She had no idea who to look for as she approached the eastern gate. She didn't have that many acquaintances in the Piercer, most of her friends and colleagues were elsewhere. She didn't need to guess for long tough as she immediately spotted the person who she was paired up with. It was Cecil.

The lamia was sporting the body armor she recently bought from Charles, its surface reflecting the light in a beautiful, shiny spectacle. Exposed to the Sun, the enamored lamia was a sight to behold. 

Alicia had mixed feelings about her soon-to-be companion. She always knew Cecil as a bitchy, good-for-nothing bartender who bullied her as much as she could. She was good friends with Sherry, the owner, so she could get away with literally everything.

Still, in the recent days, Alicia found out that it might be more in Cecil than she initially thought. She was a mercenary like herself, and she also struggled to find her place in times of peace. Maybe that was the reason for her bitchy attitude. Like it or not, their circumstances were very much alike. Alicia was still musing on this as she approached the snakewoman.

"Never in my wildest dreams would have I imagined that I will be going on a mission with you," Cecil said after they greeted each other. "I knew you were a fighter in the past, but I never met you in your prime. Maybe you can show me some of your... brilliance from the past, hm?"

Alicia could not help but smirk. "Oh, don't you worry about me - worry about yourself not being able to keep up." 

"Heh. Big words coming from someone who is flossed with a chain going all the way through." Cecil was also smiling - it was obvious that they meshed together much better than before, their banter having a friendly feel to it. "You seem prepared already. Will you ride this... thing? In your condition?"

"It's a camel, Cecil, and yes, I will ride it. I know that you, lamias, don't need a camel to travel with speed in the sand, but will you carry your own food and water yourself? I doubt it."

"Hmm, you seem to have a good point there. I certainly wouldn't mind if your... sand-horse could carry my supplies as well."

"Sure. Can you tell me more about the mission? Illia didn't tell me much."

"Sure. It's fairly simple: we go to the catgirl pyramid, get the package, and get out. If everything goes well, we don't even have to fight. It's basically a stealth mission, except we go in daylight, because catgirls are lazy and sleep all day long. Oh, and they see much better at night than either of us do."

"That sounds easy in theory, but a million things can go wrong."

Cecil couldn't help but smile at that. "That's why we come armed. I asked Sherry about you, and she was confident that you are actually pretty strong. And I'm not slouch myself."

"And how do we know where the package is? I'm fairly sure that you don't know the inside layout of the pyramids - no one does, really."

"I have a map for that. And the place where the package will be is marked. If everything is clear, we should go, it's a long way from here."

Alicia was satisfied with the briefing, and it's not like she hasn't improvised before. She fixed Cecil's luggage on her camel's back, then mounted it carefully. She was ready.

They traveled all day long, without any interruptions, and in good mood. Both of them had plenty of stories to share about their past adventures, and both of them seemed to mesh together better now that they were in their element. Cecil was able to keep pace with Alicia's camel, her snake-part working much better in the sand than humanoid legs would, and she had the endurance to keep going despite encumbered in her full body armor. Neither of them were really bothered by the heat, they were more than used to it.

It was dusk when they finally set their camp. Alicia wanted to rest as soon as possible to get rested for tomorrow, but Cecil had other ideas.

"How about a little spar? You told me quite a few heroic tales, but I never saw you fight myself. What do you say? Winner gets a small favor from the loser."

"Are you sure it is a good idea, Cecil? We don't have any training swords here. Someone can get hurt."

"Heh, getting cold feet, do you? First to disarm the other is the winner. Hell, one of my sabers will do. Don't worry about injuries, I'm good enough to avoid causing any if I don't want to, and if you are not, you have no chance of beating me anyway. Oh, and I traveled all day on tail, in full plate mail, unlike a certain someone with a camel. I will be disappointed if you refuse."

Worded like that, it was not a challenge Alicia could refuse. She unsheathed her bastard sword. "Oh, you are on!"

Cecil could not help but grin. Her partner seemed to have a warrior's mentality. She armed herself with her sabers. "That's more like it!"

Alicia knew from the first minutes, even without crossing swords, that she was in a disadvantage. Cecil was ambidextrous, wielding a sabre in both hands, and she didn't show any kind of fatigue despite crawling all day in her armor. She wasn't a bit hindered by the desert, unlike Alicia, who found herself ankle deep in sand every time she took a step. Ali's movement was hindered even further by her ever present chain - certain motions just weren't an option anymore. However, despite all of this, she could not back out now, she was the one who accepted the challenge.

They circled around each other a few seconds before engaging. After the initial clashes, Alicia knew that she had the advantage in reach and power, her sword longer and her arm stronger. Despite this, she found herself fighting on her back foot most of the time, the faster moving lamia crawling (sneaking?) circles around her, not letting Alicia utilize her strong points. It was not a surprise when, after about ten minutes of fighting, Alicia's sword hit the sand after a particularly flashy attack from Cecil.

"Wow, you certainly made me work for it," Cecil commented after she caught her breath. "I might have lost without the sand. Good thing we are in the desert. You are a piece of work, aren't you? I only wanted you to help me get this armor off before, but you just fascinate me. Let me examine you as my price."

Alicia had no objections - she lost the duel after all, and to just get examined was getting away easily in her book. They finished setting up their camp, including the two-person tent that they would be using to sleep. However, after Alicia saw the hungry look in Cecil's eyes, she doubted they would be sleeping much tonight - apparently fascination meant something else for the lamia...

After helping Cecil remove her gauntlets from her hands, the sneaky lamia grabbed Alicia's thong straps that peeked above her pants, and pulled on them slightly, giving a wedgie.

"I was always curious about human underwear. My kind has to wear these belt-like thingies, but you, with legs, seem to have a greater variety. That said, I would prefer if you would just strip, you have more interesting stuff than just clothing. Remember, you are in my debt today."

Alicia said nothing as she stripped quickly, revealing her naked charms to Cecil. The lamia licked her lips with her forked tongue as she saw more and more of Ali's sexy body reveal itself before her. Her hands quickly found the human's plentiful mammaries.

"I wonder how you cope with these. These breast must be an E cup at least. Even my C's move a lot during fighting unless I wear my plate mail, but you only wear a light top up there, you must be jiggling all over the place."

"I used to be the same size as you, but when I retired for a while, I used my money reserves on a breast enhancing potion. Yes, I know it was a bad idea, I did it because of a bet. I couldn't even rent a home for myself after, it was so expensive. And my boobs... They are quite firm and perky, and apparently this chain helps in keeping them in their place."

Cecil was busy examining the just mentioned chains around the chest. "Intriguing design. It splits into two to cover your nipples, and it is held in place by your nipple rings. Looks kinky, but I have an idea to make it even better. Hold still."

Ali was not so sure if her chain needed to become even kinkier than it already was, but the choice was not hers today. She watched curiously as Cecil picked out two small paddocks from her bag, then pushed each of her boobs up a couple of links, then put the paddocks in the links, just under her nipples. The result was that her breasts were pulled upwards by her own nipples, and the nips could not go lower because of the paddocks.

"There, a bra of sorts! You weren't kidding when you said you were perky, but your tits now point upwards!"

Alicia was not really amazed by that development. Her boobs were heavy, and now most of their weight was transferred to her nipples. It didn't exactly hurt, but it was hella uncomfortable - her nips were not really made for this kind of abuse. 

"I see you are enjoying yourself, but can you remove them? They are not exactly comfy."

Cecil seemed less than keen to do so. "As a bonding exercise, we will be doing a spar every night from now on. The first time you beat me, they are off. However, I might decide to raise them even higher in case I win, so be careful."

Ali was less than delighted in that answer, but Cecil seemed adamant in her decision. The padlocks were small and weak, weighting next to nothing, and breaking them off would have been easy in normal circumstances - but it was far from normal. They were really close to her sensitive parts, and she couldn't even see them - her own tits blocked the view. Deciding that they should be left alone for now, she checked Cecil who was busy looking for yet another item in her bag.

Feeling Ali's vengeful gaze on her back, Cecil could not help but giggle. "Don't worry, it's nothing suspicious. I'm a thoughtful girl, and I knew we would have some alone time in the evenings, so I came prepared." And with that, she produced a purple, shiny-looking dildo.

"One of Illia's finest creations - a dildo that vibrates! Did you know that the vibrating enchant is Illia's specialty?"

Ali did not reply - she was more than familiar with that particular vibrating enchantment. She didn't mention the vibrating ring in her navel either - Cecil would more than likely use it against her, teasing her even more.

What she did use, however, was the dildo. Maybe Cecil felt the need to compensate a bit for her demanding attitude, or maybe just wanted to see how Alicia would react - Ali did not know as she felt her feet swept away by Cecil's strong, muscly tail. She fell on her rump, and before she could do anything, the lamia was on top of her, turning her on her stomach.

"Having two holes down there must feel quite good," Cecil commented. "We, lamias, have a different digestive system. Sorry, I cannot help myself, you just look irresistible, like an unopened present waiting to be cherished."

Alicia felt her partner's hands pulling her buttocks apart, showing her holes to the world. She did not resist - didn't really felt the need to do so. She was also curious about the vibrating dildo...

Cecil busied herself by examining the cute butthole in front of her. She fantasized a lot about it since the last time she saw it in Sherry's room. It's not like she didn't knew human anatomy - however, it didn't dawn on her that such an orifice can be sexual, especially to this extent. The way the cold, rigid chain just submerged into the pink hole just filled her with excitement. Her trance was interrupted by Alicia's nudge on her shoulder.

"Care to use that famous dildo of yours? You are free to worship my butt after, or even during, the action."

The toy felt smooth and cool against her skin as Cecil finally took action. It made a clinking sound against the metal as the lamia looked for the point of entry. It was reasonably sized, not too big or small - Alicia felt no pain, only pleasure as it slowly entered her body, her anus adapting easily to the sudden increase of traffic in her behind. She had no problem with anal in the past, but the constantly present tugging on her butthole just conditioned her to take it even more easily.

The feelings became much more intense when Cecil, after a bit of fumbling, turned on the magical vibrator. It was in a slow, measured pace, just like the chain was. Still, it was different - instead of the overwhelming, head-to-toe (or, well, mouth-to-ass) vibration, it was local, and much tamer. It was not overwhelming at first, but the fact that it was caused by a foreign object inside her (Alicia considered the chain part of her body now), and that Cecil was busy actually fucking her ass with it, quickly made her juices going.

"Girl, your lower lips keep salivating. I hope you don't mind if I help cleaning it up." 

Cecil was excellent in oral sex (most lamias were), and she was eager to demonstrate. She pushed the crystal dildo deep in Ali's ass, letting it do its work while she carefully extracted the chain from the engulfing pussy lips. The labia folds were wet and sensitive, rubbed raw from the whole day of riding, but Cecil was merciless, and her forked tongue quickly found a way to enter the sopping hole.

Alicia could not hold out for long. Her own hands found her uplifted boobs, it's usually hidden undersides revealed to the world, or at least to Cecil for now. She started kneading them, more as a force of habit than in any real need - she didn't need any more stimulation to reach the big O. 

And boy, big it was.