 Proofread by FernieLyn 

This story is a bit wordy and fairly long, so if you are looking for immediate gratification, you might want to look elsewhere.

The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between these character and events and any real person or events is strictly coincidental. Do not reproduce or copy this story without the consent of the author.

This story is based in an alternative universe. In this world, the creatures which we now believe to be legends have walked alongside man for the duration of our existence. 

The following story contains, in one chapter or another, lesbian, homosexual, heterosexual, anal, group, sci-fi/fantasy, non-human, and BDSM sexual activity.

---------------------- ------------------------

"Well, that went well," Shamira muttered as the crowd continued to yell and scream at each other at the tops of their lungs. Five minutes ago, a magically broadcast meeting arranged by the Tribunal, a council of magical creatures, had just announced to the mystical community that they would indeed be implementing a plan to make their presence known to the human world. Shamira thought things were going well, based primarily on the fact that no one had actually killed anyone else yet. Yet.

Every submissive in Shane's house had been paired up with a dominant for the meeting, and they were all in their best BDSM uniforms. Shamira had been paired with Sebastian and they both looked quite fetching. Sebastian wore white leather breeches and a matching vest, both of which showed off his drool-worthy underwear-model's body. 

Much to her surprise, Shamira was getting a lot of attention as well. She was wearing a leather thong underneath a black spandex, fishnet body stocking. She also wore a spandex mask that completely covered her face except for her mouth. The area over the eyes was thin enough that she could see out but no one could see in. 

Shane had explained that he didn't want Lacroix, his rival from Savannah, to see her face since she was actively investigating him now. His acquisition of Sebastian's services were well known enough that there was no point in trying to disguise him. For one of the few times in recent days, Shamira and Shane had been in agreement. 

Shamira had been ogled and propositioned constantly since guests started arriving. She had kept her head bowed and let Sebastian deal with them. He pawed her frequently and publicly, but would no allow anyone else to touch her. She didn't mind, which surprised her. It helped that Sebastian made her feel sexy when he showed her off, pointing out the chiseled body she had worked so hard on when she was alive. 

Still, Shamira would rather have been paired with Clara, but her lover as well as Lillian and the faerie Coramen were busy in the casting room keeping the wards up, the far-speak spell going, and generally keeping an eye on things.

"Keep quiet, my pet," Sebastian muttered, his hand resting on her ass and then squeezing. "I'd hate to have to punish you later."

"You're already planning on punishing me later, Master Sebastian. You laid claim to me."

He squeezed her ass harder. "Yes, I did." He cocked his head. "I'm going to make it so that you're too tired to do anything with Clara."

Shamira grinned a little. They both knew that was a hollow threat. Since she and Clara had made up several days earlier after a tense spell, there wasn't anything that kept them from sneaking in some sex whenever possible. Sometimes Shamira was on her knees in bondage, sometimes it was much more akin to "making love," but it was always fabulous. "Of course you will."

Sebastian smirked. Hell, he'd been invited to play with them a time or two, but nothing short of a crowbar wielded by a giant was going to pry those women apart unless they wanted to. He glanced over and saw Shane debating the proposed policy with a number of other regional leaders. 

Renata was at his side as his submissive, and the Representative stood on his side of the issue. Shane and Sebastian locked gazes, but Shamira looked away. She and Shane were still not on the best of terms. Shane looked disappointed, but then returned to the debate. 

Worldwide, there was great division on this issue. A vocal and still sizable minority vowed that they would never accept the edict, another group thought it was a good idea but that it was too soon, and yet another that wanted to do it today. Luckily, the Tribunal stepped down hard on that last option. 

"Well, you folks certainly have riled up the bee hive, haven't ya?" Clyde Pritchard said as he moseyed over.

"So where do you stand, Lord Pritchard?" Sebastian asked.

Clyde frowned and then looked straight at Shamira. "Okay, why didn't someone tell him I hate that whole 'Lord" crap. It's Clyde. Just Clyde. And what's with the mask?"

Sebastian leaned in. "Lord Stapleton though it wise that certain attendees not see my companion's face at this time. I would request that you keep your knowledge of her identity to yourself, as a favor to this house."

Clyde shrugged his massive shoulders. "I understand. 'Course, I couldn't mistake her smell for anyone else's," he said with a grin. "You're looking lovely, young lady." When Clyde spoke to her, he looked straight into her eyes, not checking out her body once. Shamira wasn't sure whether to be insulted or thankful. It wasn't as if Clyde was hard to look at himself. Clyde looked back to Sebastian. "I'm not sure the protocol on this, but I'd like to speak to her for a moment. Alone. Trust me, I ain't going to try anything funny."

Sebastian saw no harm in it, and Clyde Pritchard would be a good man to stay in the good graces of. His territory was relatively small, but it was an important refuge for weres that needed to get out and stretch their legs from time to time. Hell, the only were that Sebastian was probably more scared of was Travis McNeil, the werebear in charge of security at Prometheus. At least he worked for Shane. 

Clyde's voice carried weight in the were community. Sebastian nodded. "Follow me." He led the threesome out to the edge of the gathering area. "Just try and keep it brief so we can go back and keep an eye on things." Sebastian turned and engaged a young female vampire from Chattanooga in a conversation laced with innuendo.

"Incorrigible," Shamira muttered through a smirk. Sebastian didn't have an off-switch for his libido. "So what's up, Clyde?" She liked Clyde Pritchard . . . he was kind of like that redneck uncle who let you ride the tractor, pet the hound dog on the porch, and eat way too much ice-cream. He could also rip a man in half when the mood struck him. 

For the first time since they'd first met, Clyde actually looked nervous. He rubbed the back of his head, then stroked his beard for a second as he struggled for the right words. "Listen, this probably ain't the best place --"

"What? C'mon, spit it out," Shamira replied. 

"Well, it's just so recent, and I wasn't plannin' on askin' anytime soon. You know, not until after the dust settles and everything, but just for future reference --" He paused. Damn he looked nervous.

"Okay Clyde, you're scaring me. And confusing me."

He took a deep breath and then, "Once the divorce is settled and all, I was hoping to court your sister."

Shamira's jaw almost fell off her face. "Excuse me?"

"I know, it's too soon and all now, but . . . but your sister is a fine woman. Ain't many around with that kind of heart and spirit, and she ain't exactly hard to look at --" He stopped as Shamira stepped forward and scowled. "Diplomatic immunity!" he practically squeaked. The sound coming out of such a rugged man was almost comical. 

"But . . . but --" Shamira stammered.



"Don't give me no guff about me bein' a werewolf and all. You're a vamp after all. And I wouldn't push myself. I know what 'no' means and I respect it."

"But my sister?!" Shamira hissed. "You? But aren't you already . . . mated?"

Clyde shook his head. "I lost my wife five years ago to a drunk driver. Took me a while to get over it, and I figured the kids didn't need a new mom so much as a good dad, so that's what I tried to be. But it can get a might lonely," he said. "Your sister knows what I am and don't seem bothered by it at all."

Shamira was actually stunned, but mostly because she actually kind of liked the match. Clyde had a sense of honor that the asshole-soon-to-be-ex of her sister couldn't comprehend. "I don't want her in danger," was the only thing she could think to say.

"Real world ain't perfectly safe," Clyde said respectfully, "but I can promise that anyone who might mean her harm will have to go through me."

Shamira looked down at the ground, then back up. "Have you been harassing Patrick?" she asked, almost spitting her soon-to-be-former brother-in-law's name. "You know he and his lawyer have backed off of Samantha a lot. Seems to have started right after I asked you to check in on her."

Clyde grinned. "I may have a couple of associates that might have calmly discussed the situation with Mr. Patrick outside of his place of work late at night. Just possibly."

Shamira smiled back. "Give her space for a bit. And if you hurt her, you know what happens right? I wasn't allowed to go after Patrick because he's human . . . kind of . . . but your ass I can kick."

"Of that I have little doubt," Clyde replied, giving an outrageously extravagant bow. 

"Well Lord Pritchard, I see that you've taken to sniffing at table scraps," came a voice about ten feet away. Both of them turned to see that Lord Lacroix was sauntering over.

Shamira hated the fact that Lacroix was pretty damn gorgeous in an annoying kind of way. His tux fit his six foot frame well, and his short black hair played well off his flawless pale complexion. Good-looking or not, she was convinced this man was evil beyond words, and her guard was up. 

"Why is it that it always takes a redneck to remind a prissy-boy like you about minding your manners?" Clyde said, stepping between Lacroix and Shamira. Sebastian instantly appeared at the werewolf's side, and the two of them made an imposing pair. This caused Lacroix's security chief, a swarthy-looking vamp named Jonas, to step forward as well. "What do you want, nancy-boy?"

"How droll. I'm assuming from your uncouth behavior then that you're already humping Lord Stapleton's leg and have signed on for this lunacy?" Lacroix glanced at Sebastian and sneered, but paid no attention to Shamira at all. She wanted to deck him. "This is more of zoo than a real house." Finally he looked at Shamira. "And apparently that one must be a true dog to need a mask."

Sebastian's hand on Shamira's shoulder tightened to prevent her from moving forward and punching him in the nose. Insulting was acceptable behavior apparently, but beating the crap out of someone who richly deserved it wasn't. Instead, she just observed. 

Several others came over to join in yet another argument about the Tribunal's edict. Shamira just looked at Lacroix and his guard. There was something wrong about him, but Shamira couldn't put her finger on it. Then she used her Shadow Sight, and . . . she suppressed a gasp. That was odd, very odd. 

The one thing that finally got Lacroix to shut up and stop insulting everyone around him was when Shane and Alessandra came over. Lacroix's look towards Lord Stapleton was nothing short of acidic, and his opinion of the Representative wasn't apparently much higher.

"Lord Lacroix," Shane said, making an effort to look down his nose at his rival, "I see that you have wasted little time ingratiating yourself into my more civilized company."

"I rarely associate sleaze with civilized, but whatever makes you happy," Lacroix replied.

"Lord Lacroix, you WILL show some respect," Shane said smoothly. "Even if you have forgotten how to behave around a regional lord, surely you haven't forgotten the rules for when a Tribunal Representative is around?"

"Of course," Lacroix said, his voice turning to wine as he reached for the Representative's hand and kissed it gently. "Truly a flower amongst all this . . . rabble."

Lacroix and Shane began to debate for the millionth time that evening, and everyone else pretty much kept out of it. Alessandra made sure that things stayed cordial, though Shamira could almost feel her dislike for Lacroix rolling off in waves. Shamira pulled on Sebastian's hand until he glanced at her. She motioned gently to one side, indicating a desire to speak with him elsewhere. 

Sebastian nodded and drew his slave away, cornering her against a tree and fondling her openly. It was expected for the dominants in Shane's house to treat their subs like this. Of course, it still got her a little hot . . . okay, a lot hot. 

"What's on your mind?"

"I can see his blood," she whispered.

Sebastian blinked, trying to process that statement. "Come again?"

"I can see his blood inside his veins instead of just smelling it. The inside of his body is dark, and his blood . . . he can't hide what is in his blood from me. There's something hiding in his blood. I could pick it up with . . . you know," she added, rolling her eyes around. She wasn't supposed to mention any of her Shadow Aspects out loud. "Then I looked normally, and his eyes are weird. I didn't think vamps got bloodshot eyes, but his are. Just a little anyway. And he's got all these nervous twitches --"

"You don't think --" Sebastian muttered, scarcely believing his ears. "You think he's ON morning star?"

Shamira nodded, groaned softly as Sebastian rubbed her crotch. "Yeah, that's what I think. It makes sense. He's basically challenged Shane in defiance of the Tribunal's orders, he seems to think he's got a lot more stroke than he does . . . Doesn't morning star give you a feeling of god-like power?"

"It makes sense," Sebastian replied, slapping her pussy through the leather. "You think better when you're angry or horny don't you?" he chuckled.

"Yes sir," she murmured. "Sir, shouldn't we --"

He grasped her crotch harder. "Don't be contrary with me. If I want to take a moment to remind you of what you are, then I will." Then he put his lips close to her ear. "As soon as the meeting breaks up, we'll talk to Shane about this."

"And I need to call Kira and . . . and see if she has anything for me." Shamira bit her bottom lip as she pushed herself against Sebastian's hand, but he withdrew it. He put his fingers in her mouth, and she sucked on them like a good little submissive. 

"Next time we do this, your cum will be on those fingers." Sebastian pulled his hand away and led her by leash back to where Shane was arguing with Lacroix.

" -- and you'll fail," the vampire from Savannah. "Maybe you've forgotten what being human was like, but I have not. Groveling in the darkness of ignorance, savage and uncouth. But maybe it will be for the best. Humans will react like the apes they are, and it will finally give us an excuse to take our rightful place at the top of the food chain."

"Be careful what you say," the Representative said in voice that silenced the rest of the crowd. "Outright revolution is and will always be a direct violation of Tribunal law."

Lacroix drew himself up and replied, "And you think the humans would care about your Tribunal's rules when the time comes. Maybe we should take the same frame of mind." Lacroix was impervious to the gasps of the crowd. In fact, he seemed to relish his borderline-defiance of the member of a Tribunal to her face. Lacroix's security chief stepped forward and put a hand on his employer's arm. The two locked eyes, but Shamira couldn't really get a good feel for what they were thinking. 

"Pardon me," Lacroix said at last. "In the heat of argument, I seem to have . . . lost leave of my manners." He bowed. "Please accept my apologies, Representative."

Alessandra nodded, which was all the recognition she would offer. Shamira could tell that Shane wanted more, but violence was strictly prohibited at this meeting. 

The meeting began to break up, with some guests going to their quarters while others chose to return to their home ports. Shane had told everyone to meet up in the dining hall once everyone else had left, so the two of them headed there right away. They were the first ones there.

"Okay, I think the first thing we should do is --" Shamira started to say, then felt Sebastian's hand grip the back of her neck firmly. He'd been playing with her all evening, never letting her know if they were off or on. When he pushed her forcefully onto the table and moved her legs apart with his foot, she knew they were on. And when he stuffed an apple in her mouth and told her to hold it --

"You should be already wet enough," he told her, unbuttoning his pants and releasing his already rigid staff. "So we can skip the foreplay." He pushed her fishnet body-stocking and thong enough to the side so that he could shove his length into her core with one swift stroke. "Now move your hips," he ordered, smacking her on the behind. "You think that I should have to work to fuck you?"

Shamira pushed back and the pulled forward, using herself as an object to stroke that magnificent cock. He slapped her ass harder to spur her on, but there was only so much she could do. She knew he was probably just doing it because he enjoyed spanking her. Also because she enjoyed it. 

Yosyp wandered in with Valeska on the end of a leash. "You realize that we eat off that table?" he asked, his amusement obvious even with his accent. 

"You think this is the first time this has happened?" He smacked Shamira's ass harder. "A lot worse has been done on this table, I assure you."

"Perhaps we could explore some of those 'worse things'? Valeska, strip," he ordered. The Chilean assassin slowly slithered out of her clothes, managing to look both shy and sultry at the same time. Yosyp whispered something in her ear which caused Valeska to get a massive grin. 

Slowly, the woman began morphing into a really, really . . . really . . . big snake. Shamira hadn't seen Valeska's animal form, and she was quite intimidated by the twenty-eight foot anaconda slithering down the table toward her. "Just let her do what she's going to do," Yosyp said. 

Shamira was wondering what Valeska was supposed to do, then remembered the conversation she'd had with the assassin on a mission downtown. Valeska began to slowly loop herself around Shamira, then began to roll. Soon, there was nothing visible of the vampire's body between the waist and neck, and Shamira was powerless to move. Super strength or not, she could feel an unnatural power in Valeska's snake body that was a bit frightening. But Valeska was as much a tool now as Shamira herself, living bondage gear for their amusement. 

With Shamira suitably restrained and still basically bent over the table, Sebastian plunged back into Shamira while Yosyp knelt on the table, undid his fly, and let his cock poke out. Semi-rigid, he put it in the captive's mouth (after removing the apple of course) and ordered her to bring him to full size. 

Shamira hummed and sucked, feeling him grow in her mouth. It was something she enjoyed doing, and something she was proud she could do. She couldn't remember ever feeling quite so confined. All the chains, ropes, and leather in the world couldn't quite compare to her living prison. 

Sebastian had to do most of the work after all, since Shamira couldn't move. He didn't seem to mind as he penetrated her folds while smacking her ass with his bare hand. He was more man than Shamira thought she would ever be with. She was amused at the notion that he still didn't quite measure up to Clara in her mind. After all, her fist was still bigger than the end of Sebastian's cock, but this was still very, very good. 

"I'm reasonably sure this wasn't the idea behind the meeting," came Reaper's voice from the door as he led Bunny into the room. 
