 This is a story set in a generic fantasy universe, probably the start of a series of stories that will share the same background, but at its heart it's about a spoilt young woman, her maid, and a stable boy...

[Note: all characters are over 18]

*

Alicia lazed in bed, watching the sunlight slant across the room and the dust motes dance in its beams. She was too wakeful to go back to sleep, yet not quite bored enough to turn to the book of erotic woodcuts that she kept under her down-stuffed pillow. It was, perhaps, she decided, time to get up. It must be nearly noon, after all. She reached for the small silver bell by the bed and rang it vigorously.

"Mari!" she called. She began to count. Her lazy slut of a servant knew that she had twenty seconds to be in attendance if she didn't want a whipping; one stroke for every second late. The girl had been at her toilette yesterday morning and had been fully two minutes late, and Alicia had taken great pleasure in striping the silly girl's ass and thighs with the requisite 120 strokes until it was black and blue with bruises and Mari was wailing and blubbering and begging for mercy. Still, it served her right and taught her a valuable lesson. 'A servant a dog and a walnut tree, the more you beat them the better they be', as the old adage ran.

Mari arrived breathless with three seconds to spare. "Yes mistress," she panted. Mari was a svelte peasant girl. At 19, she was only a year older than her mistress, but where Alicia was tall, blonde, willowy and elegant, Mari was shorter, petite and pert-breasted, her long, lustrous dark hair tied up in a prim bun for her work, and wearing the long black dress of a maidservant.

"I will rise now," Alicia told her haughtily. "Fetch me some water, and the chamberpot. And be quick if you don't want to be used as a toilet instead. And then you can do my hair and make up and dress me. I think the new dress, the blue one with the silver thread." She had been meaning not to wear that one when her father was around, since he would only complain that it was yet another extravagance and that she would be the ruin of him, but she decided that she would wear it anyway. It would be a poor life if her own father could not spare her some of the money he spent his time hoarding. If money was not for using then what purpose did it serve? Especially given that she was his only daughter, indeed his only child and heiress. Alicia's father was a senior merchant, a guild master, in the capital city that the mansion sat in the prosperous northwestern district of, but she had little idea of what exactly he did on a day to day basis.

Mari obediently performed every duty, as efficiently as the whip had taught her, and soon the young daughter of Master Thomas DeKann was dressed and ready, the blue silk dress clinging to her blossoming curves, her long golden hair tied into a fashionable style with matching blue silk ribbons. Alicia admired herself in the full-length mirror that stood in her bedroom, running her hands over the pleasingly soft and delicate fabric as it clung to her body, accentuated by the stiff corset that she wore beneath, while Mari knelt on the floor, tightening the final lace of a high-heeled silk slipper, looking up admiringly at her mistress. "You look so beautiful, Miss Alicia," she said. Alicia continued to stare at her own reflection as she surveyed her pert bottom and the way that the corset and the bust of the dress pushed her ample breasts upwards. It was true, she decided, but she did not need to hear that from a serving girl.

"When I wish to hear your opinion, Mari, I shall ask for it," she said.

"Yes mistress, sorry mistress," Mari stammered, looking at the floor. "Shall I have your horse prepared, my lady? Breakfast is ready."

A ride after breakfast? Alicia pondered. Well, it did look to be a beautiful, sunny day... "yes, let the groom see to it," she said, and let Mari lead her through to breakfast.

She ate alone at breakfast. Her father had - of course -- left early, to be about his business in the city. Alicia was almost disappointed. She had hoped to have that confrontation with him about the extravagance of her purchases; baiting her father was one of the few pleasures of her life. Instead she ate in silence, pondering where to go today. The mansion was close to the northwestern gate of Port Midby, and there was open farmland and good roads all the way west and north of the city. She considered her ride as she was served bread and cheese by the kitchenmaid, until Mari returned, reporting. "The horse will be ready in a minute, my lady."

"About time too," Alicia sniffed. "You may help me mount." 

She made her way to the stables. The servant girl followed one step behind. Yes as they crossed the cobbles towards the stables, Alicia somehow got the impression that someone was looking at her. It was not Mari, as she was keeping her gaze dutifully down, and the feeling only intensified as they entered the stables where Alicia's brown stallion was saddled and ready. Then there was the sound of a floorboard bending to the weight of a heavy foot. Alicia immediately glanced up and spotted the spy who had been eyeing her through a hatch in the attic. It was Geoffrey, the 20-year old stable boy. He was a young man of half-orc ancestry. The result, so they said, of his mother being raped by one of the terrible beasts many years ago. He still had the large, muscular physique of his orcish ancestry and that dark, characteristic colouring and the prominent set of his jaw, with small tusks pushing up from the overbite, which he kept filed down so as not to draw too much attention to them. But today Geoffrey seemed... flushed. Alicia stopped, frowning. What in the name of the Gods was the boy up to? Well, she had little better to do; she might as well get to the bottom of it.

"Geoffrey? What ARE you doing? Are you spying on me? Come down here this instant!"

She waited by the horse, tapping the riding crop irritably against her leg as the young man climbed down the ladder. He had thick dark hair and hazel eyes. But what Alicia noticed most of all was that there was a prominent bulge at the front of his leather trews. Her lips pursed slightly in amusement at that, but at the same time her breathing became deeper and she felt something stirring inside her.

"Well?" she demanded. "Are you mute as well as a half-breed, boy?" Though she called him boy, in truth he was two years older than her. "I asked you a question. Answer me - what were you doing?"

"Nothing, my lady. I swear." 

He was lying, Alicia was sure. She moved closer, until they were almost touching. She closed her eyes and took in his peasant smell. It was earthy and masculine, tinged with horses and the tang of perspiration. She let the crop run gently across the bulge in his pants.

"Do I excite you, Geoffrey?" she whispered. Then, almost before he had a chance to answer, she slashed angrily at his chest with the riding crop, once, twice, three times. "How dare you! You disgusting creature! How dare you presume to even look at me!" She flailed angrily at him with the cured leather. For a moment Mari looked like she was about to step forward to intervene, apparently not caring for the way her mistress was treating the poor stable boy, but Alicia gave her a glare that warned her not to intervene. However, that caused a fleeting thought to crossed her mind. So - Mari was interested in Geoffrey? Well, that could make for some interesting fun later on...

She stopped and gathered her composure, chest heaving. "If I told my father about this he'd have you whipped until you were nearly dead," she added, almost conversationally. "But I'll settle for a kiss... on my foot." She extended one foot from underneath the long flowing dress. "Go on. Kiss it."

"Yes, my lady." The big young man dropped to his knees and was soon on all fours. Without touching Alicia's foot with his hands he started kissing it, just above the toes, where the flesh peeped from the straps of the silken slipper. Alicia laughed delightedly, watching him abase himself.

"All right, enough," she said. "But I can see that I'm going to have to take you in hand some time soon." She watched Mari as she said that. "Help me mount," she commanded, extending her hand to Geoffrey.

Geoffrey obediently moved to the side of her horse and placed his strong, brown hand out as a platform for her to step on as she squirmed backwards into the saddle -- sidesaddle of course -- she was a gentlewoman and there could be no impropriety in riding astride a beast like this. One she was in the saddle, another idea occurred to her.

"I shall be gone for at least an hour," she told the two. "You may draw a bath for me when I return, Mari."

"Yes mistress," Mari replied. And with that, Alicia thwacked her riding crop down on the stallion's backside and cantered away from the stables and out of sight of the two servants. As she rode she was still mulling her idea - it had occurred to her that with her gone, if there was anything going on between Mari and Geoffrey, they would probably try to get up to no good once she was gone. She decided that she would spy on them to be sure. So, she stopped the horse around the side of the house and tethered it to a tree, then crept quietly back towards the stables, to see if her suspicions had been correct.

Alicia could hear the two talking, before she spotted them through the window. "

I know what you did." Mari said. "You know the mistress will never touch a servant, let alone one with a streak of orc-blood."

"Quite right..." murmured Alicia. The boy was a half-breed. But she found herself curious as to what he had done.

"Oh, I've heard the lady can be quite open-minded on matters sexual, judging by the books she gets you to bring for her," Geoffrey chuckled.

Alicia flushed indignantly. The infernal cheek of the boy! And Mari -- to have breached such confidences and told a mere stable boy what kind of literature she liked to read in bed. She was almost about to burst in upon the two there and then, but she decided to wait to hear what more revelations there were to come.

"You know I love you, Geoffrey." Mari pleaded. "She will use you for her own pleasure alone. I can give you more then she. I would do anything for you, my love. For your pleasure." Mari loosened the laces on her blouse, revealing a little more of her large milky-white breasts. Alicia found herself stamping her foot angrily at the thought that Mari could offer Geoffrey more than Alicia herself. What did she think she was talking about! How could any man possibly prefer her, a sluttish servant, to a refined gentlewoman?

Geoffrey grinned. "Come here then." Mari stood before him. The big stable boy placed his hands on her shoulders and she dropped to her knees. Geoffrey quickly pulled his large cock out of his breeches. "Alright, pleasure me." Alicia gasped involuntarily at the sight. It was the first human cock she had ever seen in the flesh. Well, half-human she corrected herself. She had seen animals rutting of course, and had smuggled foreign books out of her father's library whose words she did not understand but whose illustrations were graphic. But still, her imagination had run riot about the actual specifics and there was no substitute for seeing the real thing. She watched as, without hesitation, Mari took it in her hands and started stroking it. As it grew, both the servant-girl's and her mistress's eyes widened in amazement. Geoffrey's member was massive; both immensely long and thick. It was almost black in colour with a purple head and thick veins running along the length. Alicia found herself growing flushed at the sight. She was desperately curious to know how one should please a man. She watched Mari avidly. Perhaps the girl was right - perhaps in this area she did know more than her mistress, the little slut. Perhaps she could force the two to show her...

Mari carefully started licking the shaft, and Geoffrey closed his eyes. "That's nice, miss Alicia. Oh, yes."

Alicia's eyes bulged in shock. She blushed bright crimson, knowing that the stable boy was pretending that her maid's ministrations were in fact she herself. As though a high-born lady like herself would touch the member of a half-orc stable boy! And yet for a moment, Alicia imagined what it would be like if she really were in the undignified position Mari was in now, taking that monstrous tool into her mouth... ugh! Filthy! Yet... she could not look away. Would some future husband expect her to perform such acts upon him? Should she learn now - she did not want to appear ignorant on her wedding night, did she? Alicia was feeling very aroused now. One hand strayed down and gathered up her petticoats and the long flowing skirt of her silk dress, allowing the other to steal up her milky-white thighs to run gently across her pussy lips, now slick with her juices. She let out a shuddering breath at that first touch. And... what if that touch were a man's? What if it were even the bestial Geoffrey? Alicia imagined that he would not be gentle... she began to rub harder, her dainty fingers pushing inwards, trying to be hard on herself, her breathing growing more laboured as she watched.

Mari had now opened her lips wide apart and taken the monstrous cock in her mouth. She sucked on the head softly, taking Geoffrey deeper and deeper. The stable boy was breathing harder and harder. He fumbled to reach down and pinch Mari's nipples while she sucked. Alicia continued to frig herself urgently and let the hand that had gathered her skirts move up to slide inside the bodice of her own dress, pinching her own erect nipples. She whimpered at the pain, but pinched them harder nevertheless, feeling them stiffen beneath the touch. She tugged at them, eyes watering with the pain. A man like Geoffrey would not be gentle... no, he would be rough... taking what he wanted from her...

Mari stopped sucking, letting her tongue move up and down the shaft, until she reached his large balls. She licked and sucked on them while her hands were stroking the cock. "I love your taste," she said. "Oh yeah, Miss Alicia!!" Geoffrey moaned. Mari spat on the cock and let her tongue play with the saliva. Geoffrey's cock was now slick and rock hard. His lust controlling him, he grabbed Mari's hair and moved her head so she could take him inside her mouth again. He was forcing himself down her throat and she struggled to keep up and breath. Alicia was fascinated at how far inside her mouth Mari seemed able to take the huge cock. She moved the hand from her nipple to her lips, and thrust two, then three fingers inside her mouth, sucking at them, pushing them as far inside as she could, until she touched the back of her throat and gagged, eyes fixed on the scene in front of her, imagining Geoffrey's cock pushing into her own delicate throat as he moaned her name, forcing himself upon her. She continued to rub urgently at her pussy, her juices dripping over her fingers and down her thighs.

Geoffrey suddenly stiffened and pulled himself out. He grabbed his cock with one hand while the other had a firm grip around the young maid's neck. The tip was placed inches from her mouth as he came.

Vast amounts of semen spurted of the cock, landing on Mari's tongue and face. Her tongue moved about and licked it all up while Geoffrey was squeezing more out. The stable-boy looked like he was almost about to lose his balance. He was breathing hard and grinned as he enjoyed the display; the petite girl let her tongue move around her lips to catch the final drops of cum. Alicia watched the ejaculation with alarm. Mari looked like someone had poured a cup of yoghurt over her. Did that happen every time! Ugh! It looked really messy. She wondered what it tasted like. It must be pretty good, because Mari was slurping it down like it was honey. 

Watching him come was the last straw, and Alicia finally reached her own orgasm, her little fingers a blur in and out of her cunny and across the hard little bud of her clitoris. She had to force the fingers of her other hand into her throat to stop herself from crying out and merely emitted some muffled sobs, collapsing below the level of the window. She sat there, dazed, and lifted her own sticky fingers from her pussy. She licked at them, experimentally, remembering Mari, and pretending it was a cock that she was lapping at. The taste was strange and different. Oysters? But not totally disagreeable. Regaining her composure, she stood up, brushing herself down and straightening her clothing. Her face was still flushed, but perhaps she could put that down to the exertion of riding. She picked up the crop and strode casually into the stable, surprising the two lovers.

"Well, Mari, so this is what you get up to while I'm away!" she exclaimed in mock surprise. She sat down on a bale of hay a few feet apart from the couple. "Still, don't let me stop you both... carry on!"

The petite servant-girl gaped in fear, drops of thick white come still dripping from her face to spatter on her cleavage. "Oh Gods, I'm so sorry my lady!" she yelped, covering her exposed, spattered breasts with one hand and wiping her chin with the other, leaving come-stains on her dress.

"I can't carry on - I'm all spent milady," Geoffrey replied to her command, seemingly unconcerned about having been caught in such a shameful act; still heaving for his breath and reaching to pull up his breeches. Alicia, a little disappointed at that, pouted a little. "You'll both do as I tell you," she said a little uncertainly. But she wasn't sure - how often might he be able to do such a thing? Had she made a fool of herself? His monstrous cock hung semi-erect down between his legs. Alicia tried to drag her gaze from it, but it kept returning there. And Alicia noticed he was sniffing, as if he could smell something...

"What's the matter with you?" she snapped. "Hay Fever?" But she began to blush as she realised what it was he might be smelling; her own arousal.

"Apologies, my lady." Geoffrey took a step closer. Mari held his hand, but he pulled it away. 

"Don't. It'll be your head." she whispered to him. 

He took another step. Alicia watched him approach, feeling unusually nervous. She no longer felt in control of this situation.

"If the lady would like, I could show her what we were doing," he said. "You are such a beautiful woman. An enchantress if there ever was one. But I have spells of my own, that I can use, until my... staff... is ready." He smiled wryly and tasted on his own lip.

"What do you mean?" she whispered. "Show me..." then she remembered herself and added hastily: "... on her." She nodded at Mari.

"As you wish, my lady." The stable boy mocked a gentleman's bow and turned to the servant-girl. Mari gasped as Geoffrey lifted her to her feet and placed her on top of a heavy barrel. Mari did not object, but was still covering her bare breasts with her hands until Geoffrey forcefully, but gently, grabbed her wrists and bared the smooth white skin on her swelling tits. The young man cupped both while he leaned forward and met her tongue with his own; kissing deep and wet. He let his tongue slide down her throat and chest, until he found a hard little pink nipple. Geoffrey licked it... and Mari closed her eyes. She winced as he bit. Alicia's eyes opened wider and her jaw dropped apart a little. One of her hands reached up to slowly fondle her own breasts through the fabric of her dress.

After a little while Geoffrey lifted Mari's petticoats and dropped to his knees; licking, kissing and biting her thighs, from the knees and further up, revealing the angry red welts that still covered the backs of Mari's thighs from where Alicia had whipped her the day before. Mari was starting to moan with pleasure. Alicia moved closer, fascinated, as pushed the maid's skirts up to reveal her bare pussy. His hand slid across it, fingers gently stroking between her wet lips. 
