 Watching the humans live their daily lives made her life a fraction more interesting. Unfortunately visiting humans, experiencing them, was forbidden. Well, less forbidden and more "do at your own discretion".

"Still watching, Sylvi?" Skadi sat next to her and folded her lengthy legs under herself. The kid still had many years before she reached her immortality, but already she looked like a fierce warrior. "You know how she doesn't like that."

"Yeah? Well, I know for a fact she doesn't like the youth watching the humans either," Sylvi laughed. Unlike her mother, Sylvi didn't have a problem watching the creatures, youth or not. It's educational, we can learn so much from them. 

"If it's so bad for us to leave Valhalla why is there an open portal?" Skadi bent over to get a closer look at what Sylvi was watching, currently a movie on a female's television. I thought clowns were supposed to be funny, but this one seems more demonic than anything I've ever seen. Still so much to learn... 

"The queen will always allow us to have our freedom. You know this, but if we ever leave Valhalla we are never able to come back. It's a one way trip, kiddo, so don't get any ideas."

"I still think it's weird." Skadi stood up and stretched. Her vibrant red hair wiggled in Sylvi's peripheral vision. Her hair was impossible to ignore, it represented exactly why most Valkyrie don't like her. Sylvi didn't mind, but sometimes the hair still bothered her. 

"That's alright, sometimes things don't always make sense. Maybe one day they will."

Skadi wrinkled her nose in disbelief, "Whatever you say, Sly. I gotta go, it's almost past my curfew."

Sylvi just nodded as the girl walked away. She was going to stay and watch a little bit longer. Her mother would be upset if she found out what she was truly thinking, what she really wanted... Her mother wanted her daughter to stay and prepare for a time that might not ever happen. Her mother wanted her to train for a war that would probably never happen. Her mother wanted her to prepare for a time when it was Sylvi's turn to rule. 

This paranoia her mother carried day in and day out was a weight on her. The pressure to be perfect for a war that would never come? The demons should never be able to reach them. Not with the distance between the two worlds. Some days she just wished she would close her eyes, hold her breath, and jump through the portal. 

But she couldn't. She had people to look after. People like Skadi, poor misguided kids who thought that they could protect themselves if they just acted tough, kids who had trouble with the rules. She needed to be their role model, their teacher and their guide. 

The odd clown movie finished and the human female turned on every light in her home before she jumped into her bed. Sylvi waved her hand over the portal and the images were gone. 

*

"Keep your head up. Your eyes must always be moving. The enemy is bodiless, it's darkness. It moves faster than you do. Keep your eyes on it and maybe you will live," Sylvi shouted. She held her short sword at her side, it gleamed in the sunlight of the arena leaving spots of light on the faces of her young students.

The arena was filled with groups of students each with their own teacher. Sylvi was fortunate enough to be training older students, which meant less teaching and more practicing. 

"Remember it's important to keep your eyes on your comrades, too. They will be to protect you, as you will for them." Sylvi slowly walked around her group. She had them split into pairs, and pair would go against pair. We need to work together to be a cohesive unit. Not everything has to be a contest to see who's better. 

Just as she was walking to her next group she heard a scream. More like a premature war cry. It had a slight raspiness and sounded too young for a war cry that strong. She only knew one student with a voice like that.

Sylvi spun and threw her sword to the sand covered floor while she ran to the group Skadi was in. What has that child done now?

As she reached the group she found the students formed in a circle, surrounding Skadi and her teacher. Skadi held her shield to protect her face while Hilde bashed her shield against Skadi. The girl swept her leg from under herself and into the side of her teacher. 

"Who started this fight?" Sylvi demanded. 

"Skadi, ma'am, she just rushed Hilde in a mad fury. It seemed so unprovoked, it must be the demon in her," whispered a student beside her. 

Like hell it is. 

Sylvi grabbed a spare shield and jumped into the ring. Just as Hilde was going to pull her side arm out Sylvi sprayed sand in Hilde's direction, temporarily distracting her. She swiped the knife and threw it out of the ring. When Hilde realised she could open her eyes, Sylvi was standing in front of Skadi shield in place. 

"Enough of this! What the hell is going on?" She yelled. 

Skadi wiped the sweat from her forehead, huffing from exertion. "The bitch called me a fucking savage beast! She said I would never be a true Valkyrie! She told me she'd kill me." 

"Lies!" Spat Hilde, she was cleaning the sand from her face. "She lies to corrupt us. She doesn't belong here!" 

"Didn't I just say enough? Stop this or I will make you, Hilde." 

"Why are you protecting that monster, Sylvi? She's half demon. She looks like a human and she's mad! Look at how she tried to kill me!"

"Hilde, do you forget our job is to protect those humans? It is our duty to protect them from the touch of demons. And if Skadi is willing to sacrifice her life to kill demons does that not make her a Valkyrie?" Sylvi whispered. "Her parentage means nothing here." 

There was a sudden hush in the crowed. The slow shuffle of sand and the heavy breathing of Hilde and Skadi peppered the air. 

"I will see the three of you in my chambers. Now," demanded a stern voice. 

Without turning Sylvi bowed. "Yes, your majesty."

*

"You can't just send her away!" argued Sylvi. "She's just a child. She'll never make it on Earth." 

"She's caused enough trouble here, Sylvi. You of all people should know this. My warriors are not willing to work with her. That causes a division in the ranks, which could cost someone their life." 

Vigdis sat on her throne while Skadi sat on a chair and Hilde stood against the far wall. Sylvi stood in the space between the two, directly in front of her mother. Her mother's blonde hair shun like the sun itself, almost blinding. But it was her mother's face that almost made her want to look away...almost. 

"If they just realized that she is not a product of her parents things would be fine. Hilde is blind to this. Skadi is great with the sword and shield, she has some of the best reflexes I have ever seen in a least 5 decades. Sending her away would be a mistake." Sylvi paused. Dare she use her mother's favorite phrase? "Should a war against the demons come we would need every warrior we have. Skadi is as much of a warrior as Hilde." 

Her mother scoffed, "in one sentence you call her a child and in the next an adult. Which is it, Sylvi? She cannot be both." 

She was trapped by her own words. I'm running myself in circles. 

"The decision is final, Sylvi. But have no fear, I am sending her to where her attributes will be useful." Vigdis looked at a scroll that was neatly placed next to her on a small table. "There is a demi-god in another dimension that said he would take her in. He claims that she will be well taken care of."

Hilde stifled a laugh. Smug little thing, aren't you? I swear, one day I will wipe that smile off your face. Sylvi gritted her teeth, she wasn't going to be able to change the outcome of this. 

"When?" It was a whisper, but it was the best she could manage. 

"As soon as we're done here," Vigdis said with a tone of finality. "You can say your farewells in the hall before she leaves. Hilde, you will stay behind. We have a few matters to discuss." 

And with that Skadi and Sylvi were sent out of the room. 

The walk to the doors seemed to take forever, and yet not long enough. Sylvi wasn't going to have enough time with this precious child. It wasn't fair, she did everything she could to protect this child and it wasn't enough. She felt as if this child was her own. It felt as if a piece of her was being sent away. 

As they left the room Sylvi left a gentle hand on her forearm. 

"Why are you crying Sylvi?" Skadi asked. "I'll finally be out of your hair."

"I don't want you to go." Sylvi looked at the girl. Her red hair was just so bright and brilliant. Her green eyes, as much as she tried to be strong, showed sadness. Did she look opposite to Sylvi? Yes, Sylvi looked very much like her own mother with her blonde hair and blue eyes. But it didn't matter. The child felt like her own, she was certainly the only one who seemed to care.

Suddenly, Skadi's red hair didn't bother Sylvi. It was the last time she was ever going to see it. So, she reached over and pulled Skadi into a hug. They were almost the same height. Skadi just a few inches shorter but she still had time to grow. I wish I could see what she looks like in her immortality. 

"I'll be fine, Sly," Skadi whispered. "I look like an adult human. Whoever this demi-god is, I'm sure I'll be fine. Besides, we watched the humans together. We know how they act better than anyone else. Maybe that will come in handy." 

Sylvi pulled away from her. "You will stay strong. Like what you like and never be ashamed of who you are. Skadi, you are more than what others seem to think. Prove it to them." 

As Skadi walked to the nearby guard she turned and gave Sylvi a small wave.

"I love you, Skadi. You will always be in my heart, child. Never forget that." Sylvi placed her fist over her heart in a salute. 

*

Sylvi spent the next three days in her chambers. She felt no passion. She had no desire to leave her rooms and walk amongst her peers. She knew her mother was upset about her absence. She assumed that because she punished Hilde all was well again. 

All I want is to see Skadi. She never fails to make me smile. But today the thought of her made Sylvi want to cry. She didn't like that feeling. She wanted to feel strong.

"I can't believe she sent her away." She stood up and walked to her balcony. The view of the forest below helped her focus. The air was crisp causing Sylvi to bring a blanket with her. She sat on the hard floor, bundled in the blanket, watching the sun set.

"I failed her. I should have done more to protect that child." But what more could I have done? 

Again, it felt like her mother was controlling her. It was another choice Sylvi had no say in. Her mother was dead set in driving her only daughter away, and it was working. 

"What more can I do?" She sat pondering. She stood up and started walking. She wasn't really paying attention where she was going. She just started to move. 

Once she reached her destination she finally realized where she was. The portal... 

She sat down next to the swirling blue light and waved her hand above it. A city showed up, busy, with snow on the ground. She just spent what felt like hours watching the people move about her day. She didn't really think. She just watched. 

It wasn't the same. 

What's stopping you? She's no longer around for you to protect. Why haven't you jumped yet? 

"What if I'm needed? What if I leave and something bad happens?" 

What are you always saying? A war against the demons will never happen. Why are you hesitating? Just. Do. It. 

She was right. Nothing was stopping her.

Next thing she knew, Sylvi was standing in the middle of a busy side walk.

**