 Alicia, the spoilt 19-year old daughter of a wealthy merchant, has spied on her maid Mari dallying with the half-orc stable boy Geoffrey. Having joined in and decided that she liked it, she has now badgered Mari into revealing that she once sold herself to fishermen down by the docks for pocket money, and now is keen to do the same herself...

*****

Mari tried to tear herself away from the sight of her mistress' pale, luscious body in the bath, and knowing that her own skirt was raised and her own slick pussy lips lewdly on view.

"But my lady... " she began to protest, "these are not gentle and kind men such as Geoffrey. They are rough sorts and..."

Alicia, still panting from her orgasm, was barely listening to Mari's stammering explanation, but understood its fretful tone.

"Enough!" she snapped. "Help me out of this bath and dry me off. You will not contradict me again - my mind is quite made up, do you understand? Not unless you want a whipping!"

Mari looked uncomfortable, but bit her lip and said nothing; she was used enough to her mistress' mercirual moods and in no mood to feel the whip bite her flesh. She pulled down her skirts and stood, fetching a towel from a cupboard. As her mistress rose she wrapped the garment around her and began to gently dry her off, as she had done many times in the past, carefully lifting and touching her mistress' arms and breasts to take all the wet spots, before finally letting the towel slide between her legs. She felt herself flushing hotly at touching this young woman, barely a year younger than herself.

"Now," Alicia declared, as Mari set the towel aside and began combing her mistress' long blonde hair, "what would a whore wear?" She moved to her voluminous closet of clothes and began casting through it, shoving aside richly embroidered silks and furs.

"The corset, perhaps, miss," Mari said, "and the stockings..."

"Yes, of course," Alicia agreed, selecting a boned white corset. "Put it on me."

Mari dutifully pulled the garment around Alicia's trim waist and and began lacing her into it, pulling the stays tight as Alicia breathed out, feeling the pleasurable compression of the tightly-fitting corset constrict her waist and push her ample breasts upwards so that they bulged at the top, barely concealed. Mari next helped pull the long, fine white stockings up Alicia's legs and fastened them to the straps on the corset. Alicia was soon rummaging through pairs of silken knickers.

"I don't think whores bother with knickers," Mari told her, and Alicia stood, face glowing, to stare at her. Her blue eyes sparkled. "No, indeed not," she agreed, feeling foolish for not thinking of that, but also feeling herself begin to become excited again at the thought of going out of the house with nothing beneath her dress protecting her modesty. How wicked!

Next it was Mari's turn - Alicia demanded that she wear the same as her, so that no-one would be able to tell that one of them was a maid and the other a mistress. Alicia was unfamiliar with the act of dressing another woman - she had Mari to attend to all of that - but she soon found the hang of it, slipping the corset around Mari's slim young body, and taking delight in lacing her maid extra-tightly until the poor girl was protesting at the vice-like grip of the whalebone.

"Don't be such a baby!" Alicia commanded her with a sly smile. "Now - let's see if I can fit into one of your dresses."

Mari found her spare long black maid's dress and let Alicia try it on. Alicia's supposition proved right; the garment fitted her acceptably well - although Alicia's breasts were fuller, and her hips slimmer and her legs a few inches longer, there was room enough in the dowdy black dress for her, though the fabric stretched quite tautly across her breasts, emphasising them all the more. Alicia surveyed herself delightedly in the mirror. The coarse cloth was a little scratchier than the fine fabrics she was used to, but the thrill of her little adventure quickly overrode her discomfort. 

Alicia selected some of her highest heeled shoes; she was sure that whores wore those, and found a pair that Mari could fit into. Alicia was slightly annoyed that her maid actually had daintier feet than she did. Meanwhile, from another drawer Mari brought out a pair of large cloaks that would cover their servants' outfits while they left the manor. "Will you take this, my lady?" She asked. Alicia nodded. Yes, she couldn't really let anyone see her going out like this. She took the robe and wrapped it around her shoulders. "Let us be off, then," she said eagerly.

"There's one thing we should do first," Mari cautioned her. Alicia looked puzzled as her maid left the room and came back a few moments later with a stick of lard from the kitchens. "You should put some of this up your bottom, mistress," she said seriously. "I told you that men like to put it there, and without a bit of grease it will hurt like merry hell!"

Alicia's eyes widened at this shocking piece of , but she already knew that Mari was a complete trollop, and reasoned that she probably, on this one occasion, knew more than Alicia did. And so, finally, she sighed and turned around. "Very well then," she said. "Get on with it."

Mari kneaded a gob of the fat in her hand, then pulled up the back of Alicia's dress with her other hand and let her greased fingers slide between the peach-like cheeks of Alicia's taut backside. Alicia let out a little yip of surprise as Mari found the puckered little ring of her anus and her slippery fingers slid inside, carrying their cargo of slimy fat with them. She felt very strange at this invasion of somewhere she had never before today ever even considered might have a sexual use, but although the sensation felt dirty, sloppy, somehow, as though she needed the toilet, it was also not unpleasant to have Mari's delicate little fingers inserted there. Perhaps it wouldn't be such a bad experience after all, she idly thought, to have a man there instead.

There was, of course, no question of Alicia doing such a disgusting task for Mari, so the maid was forced to reach around behind herself to stuff thick clods of fat into her little asshole, resigning herself to getting buggered later on tonight. Still, Mari thought wickedly as she pushed the lard inside herself, it would be worth some discomfort to watch her prissy little mistress getting shafted by a big thick cock up her bum, and she resolved there and then to find the nastiest, dirtiest men that she could to ravage them both, and try to engineer it that the biggest, thickest cock took her mistress' anal cherry.

Thus finally ready, the two women took a side door from the house, cloak hoods up to hide their appearance from the prying eyes of any other staff, and made their way out through the streets of the city. Mari struggled to keep up with Alicia, tottering on the unfamiliar heels, and even though Alicia was used to wearing them, she rarely had to walk far in them, and by the time she had covered a mile across uneven cobbles her feet were also aching. Still, the thrill of being outside, feeling the cool breeze on her bare pussy as her dress swished, was enought o distract her with a thrill of excited anticipation. 

As they passed through the gateway into the Lower City, the streets became dirtier and the crowds rougher. Now there not just humans and the occasional haughty elf with their retinues, but instead a polyglot mix of coarse men and other races, even orcs. The two young women, in spite of their concealing cloaks, began to attract ogling stares and whistles. While Mari was used to such language, and flipped her fingers in a rude gesture to any man who catcalled her, it was an altogether new experience to Alicia, who was used to being addressed only in the most polite and respectful tones. That men could call her such names - whore, bitch, cunt... made her cringe with embarrassment, but also thrilled her that her disguise was clearly working. They actually thought she was a streetwalker! She contratulated herself on her wicked cleverness.

Finally, the smell of fish and salt water announced the arrival of the docks district. Boats and ocean-going vessels were tied up along the piers, and fisherman and merchant sailors were loading goods off their vessels. Now the calls became coarser still, and Alicia found herself moistening at the crude shouts, the acts that they called upon her to perform for them - some of which she barely understood. She felt the air blow around her bare pussy beneath the black dress, and the squishy feeling of the lard gently oozing from her bottom, both emphasising at every step her lack of underwear, and her excitement grew.

"Hello there..." Three sailors on the deck of a boat looked up at Mari and Alicia, grinning. One of them was coiling up some rope while the other two relaxed on the deck, enjoying their pipes. They were a dirty, unshaven, rough-looking crew "You two look like you need a drink. Come aboard." A bearded brute motioned for the gangway.

With the blithe confidence of one born to wealth and privilege, Alicia stopped and looked at him. 

"Well," she said. "Perhaps just the one, seeing as it's such a warm day." She winked in what she hoped was a knowing, salacious wink.

She walked unsteadily across the gangplank, wrinkling her nose slightly at the smell. The sailors offered their hands, leading the two girls down the final steps. A door was opened and Alicia felt a gentle arm lead her down to a room below deck at the stern of the boat. The three men smiled as they followed into the small, stuffy space and closed the door behind them. There were no windows, but a lantern provided some light. A couple of leather tankards were handed to Mari and Alicia, filled with a foul-smelling liquid. The sailors took large gulps from a bottle, which they passed around between them. Alicia took an experimental sip and coughed at the fiery liquid as it stung her throat. She had never tasted anything so disgusting!

"Such pretty young lasses," leered the first sailor. "How about showing us those perky little tits of yours?"

Alicia folded one arm defensively across her ample bosom. "And what would that be worth?" she asked, brazenly. She felt a heady sense of liberation in her new 'role'.

"I'll give you a ha'penny," a sailor with a moustache and crooked nose laughed. "Same goes for you." he motioned for Mari. Mari looked at her mistress nervously.

"As little as that?" Alicia exclaimed, not stopping to think about her 'role'. It seemed an outrageously small sum for one who measured her daily expenditure in shillings, even pounds. "Well, I suppose it probably is a lot for a fisherman," she accepted disdainfully. "Very well then."

She took the proffered money and reached into the neck of her dress in order to drop it into the bodice of her corset, feeling the metal cool against her skin,. The she shed her voluminous black cloak and loosened the laces at the back of her dress to let it slip down off her shoulders, reaching around to the front of the corset to loosen the stays there and pulling the front of it down just a fraction so that her pale, swelling breasts spilled out of the top of, her pink nipples already stiffening. She looked across at Mari and nodded, indicating she should do likewise, and Mari sighed and followed suit, putting her own pert little breasts out for display. 

"As good as you expected?" Alicia asked, smiling, as always a slave to her vanity. The sailors gaped and their eyes widened. 

"Oh yeah...uhm...nice! Niiice!" they agreed. The third sailor, now openly fondling himself through his dirty oilskin trews, made another offer: "Now how's about you both do everything we want for the turn of an hourglass?" He gestured to one, standing on a nearby shelf, and turned it, so that the sand began to trickle through it. "For a silver sixpence apiece!"

Even Alicia was willing to admit that that was not a bad sum of money - enough to buy a good bottle of wine. "Sold!" she trilled happily, not stopping to think about what 'everything' might entail. "Let me see your money first, though..." she warned them,hoping that she sounded 'professional'. One could not trust the lower orders not to renege on a verbal contract, after all, she thought.

"Yeah." The large bearded sailor said, handing over a sixpence. This joined the two half pennies in Alicia's corset. "You can start with kissing - each other."

Alicia looked at Mari. She had never kissed a girl before but... how bad could it be? She leant over and left a little lingering kiss on Mari's lips. Mari smelt of soap and a little of Alicias perfume - the little slut - had she been stealing it? Still, there was no time to ponder that now. She felt the soft warmth of her maid's lips against hers - it was not an unpleasant sensation.

"Use your tongues..." the bearded sailor commanded. Alicia felt Mari's tongue dart out to push at her own mouth, and, slightly startled, nevertheless parted her lips and let Mari's tongue steal inside. Her eyes widened - she had never kissed anyone like this before, and it felt very good, very sexy. Experimentally she let her own tongue slip into Mari's mouth, and pulled the other girl close, their heaving breasts pressed against each other, tongues sliding wet and sippery between them. Alicia found herself intoxicated by the act, closing her eyes. She was getting excited again, she knew.

"Kiss her tits," came the order.

Alicia broke the kiss, gasping for air, and glanced down at Mari's little tits. She leant down and let her tongue run across Mari's breast, flicking the stiff nipple with her tongue, then, closing her lips around it and biting gently, as she had seen Geoffrey do earlier. She repeated the performance with the other teat.

"Now, take off your dresses." There was no doubt about it.; the three sailors were now sporting erect cocks beneath their breeches. "Oh, you two are going to have to work hard for that silver!" The sailor with the hooked nose and the moustache was stroking the outline of his dick through his clothes.

Alicia stopped kissing Mari's breasts and looked up again. The sight of three cocks straining at their breeches was almost too much for her. Her hands trembling, she tugged at the fastenings of her maid's outfit and eased out of it, looking for somewhere clean to leave them. She had never let anyone but Mari see her naked before today, and now she had not only stripped for a stable boy, she was undressing in a dirty fishing boat for three strange sailors - for money! Alicia almost swooned with the wickedness of it all. Her pussy was already puffy and beginning to leak moisture as it was again bared for inspection, not by a half-ork stable boy whose obedience she could command, but by three rough sailors who had paid for her to do as they wished!

"Look at these bitches," one of the men commented. "No knickers? What a pair of fucking whores!" Two of the men stepped forward and positioned themselves in front of Alicia and Mari. "And cocksucking whores at that, I'll bet," one of them said. "It's time to put those cute little mouths to work."

Alicia licked her lips nervously. Now was the moment of truth. Still, at least she felt, after her fellating of the stable boy earlier, that she was on familiar territory here... the sailor put two strong hands on her shoulders, pushing her down on her knees. "My, you do smell niiiiice." he told her. Unlike you... she thought. The man had clearly not bathed in days - perhaps weeks. But she nevertheless obediently knelt in front of him on the dirty planking, looking up expectantly. The man quickly whipped out his semi-erect cock. It was nowhere near Geoffrey's size, she noted, with perhaps the tiniest hint of regret, but still quite the mouthful. The sailor slapped his dick on Alicia's cheeks and lips and it stiffened entirely, bending slightly upwards along the shaft. His balls were large and hairy, she noted, being so close up to them. He pulled the skin away from the cockhead and shoved his limb inside Alicia's mouth. He was standing still, waiting for his whore to do the work. "Come on, suck it, bitch! What are we paying you for?"

Alicia almost gagged at the stench from the man's unwashed cock, and its taste was even worse! Her little face wrinkled in disgust as the slimy head pushed her lips apart. Across to her left she could see that Mari, the little slut, was cupping the other sailor's balls and letting her wet lips slide along his shaft. Alicia blinked slightly at the taste and the name-calling, but remembered that she was supposed to be a whore, and steeler herself to copy what she saw Mari doing, sucking and licking at him. Truth be told, she was almost enjoying this demeaning treatment, the thought that a lady of quality was on her knees sucking the filthy cock of a common sailor!

The third sailor moved around and behind Alicia and she soon felt his rough, calloused hands on her body, hardened from years of hauling ropes. One hand cupped one of her breasts, the other stroked her bottom, surprisingly gently. His mouth came close to her ear, whispering. "Arch your back, wench. I'm gonna fuck you from behind..."

Alicia stiffened slightly at his words. This was it: she was going to lose her virginity! Oh, she had used cucumbers on herself before, stolen from the kitchen, and even made herself bleed the first time, but no man had ever placed his tool inside her. She was a little nervous as to what it would be like. Nevertheless, after a slight pause she obediently arched her back and pushed her pert bottom towards him. She had stopped sucking the cock in her mouth during this time, and the sailor in front of her gently cuffed her cheek to encourage her back to work.

Behind her the sailor's hand moved between her legs, parting her wet lips, two fingered at first, then with what could only be the tip of his cock. First a little, stretching the lips wide, then out again, then back again, moving deeper and deeper until he was all inside. The sailor did not say anything, but was breathing heavily, his grog-scented breath on her pale cheek. He moved in and out with long slow motions, gradually increasing his pace. Alicia moaned around the cock in her mouth as she felt herself stretch to accommodate the new intruder. Her tight young pussy clung to every inch of him as he began to saw backwards and forwards, and the sensation was indescribable - a little uncomfortable at first as she felt completely stuffed full, but the pleasure growing steadily with each long, slow movement.

There it was; there were two hard cocks fucking her mouth and pussy! The man behind her now had his hands on her hips. There was a wet clapping sound as his balls slapped against her bottom and thighs. Alicia now found herself being rocked back and forth by the force of his thrusts, aiding the movement of her mouth over the other sailor's cock, forcing him deeper on each thrust so that she gagged slightly. Alicia's firm round tits were bouncing beneath her and both men began grabbing and pinching at them - she winced as her sensitive nipples were squeezed beneath hard, unyielding male fingers, and meanwhile the breath was forced out of her in little gasps as the man behind her bucked her backwards and forwards, driving the other man's cock back and forwards. She managed a 'mmf-mmf-mmf' sound around the fleshy gag, finding it difficult to suck and breathe at the same time. Still in the corner of her eye, Alicia noticed the third sailor was on his back across a table and Mari was climbing on top, getting ready to ride him likea knight on his horse.

Suddenly there was a forceful slap on Alicia's bottom cheeks, and the sailor behind her cursed with pleasure. The other one was getting more and more aroused, beginning to push himself further down her throat. Alicia tried to squeal at the smack; she had never been physically chastised in her life and so the blow seemed even harder than it had been., but she was unable to protest because the cock in her mouth was stabbing deeper still, butting against the back of her throat like Geoffrey had, and making her cough and splutter around it, her throat spasming and releasing floods of saliva. Then, her eyes bulged as she felt it suddenly moving deeper, stretching her throat painfully around its hot throbbing length, cutting off her air completely. Alicia began to panic. What if she choked on this big fleshy log? She scrabbled frantically at him with her delicate little hands, trying to push herself away, but the men simply ignored her and continued violently to take pleasure from her mouth and throat. Alicia could just about imagine her face becoming blue. Her vision was blackening as she suffocated.
