 Sylvi stopped at the red light and started to search the surrounding area. The majority of the people on the street were human, regular, normal humans who were going about their daily lives. There were a few immortals but nothing Sylvi thought was a threat. There was a few shape shifter types, a nymph or two but nothing that was out of the ordinary for day time in the city.

Dakota started to shake. The tears finally stopped but her shaking got worse and her eyes were bloodshot. Dakota tried to wrap her arms around her stomach to stop the shaking but it only made her worse.

Sylvi was watching the streets again, but didn't seem to notice anything too out of the ordinary. There were a few more prostitutes than usual but it was nearing the weekend.

"Dakota, you need to talk to me." Sylvi started to drive again, this time making her way down side streets as best as she could. "Tell me what's going on, tell me how you're feeling. Just start talking."

"I-I feel hot...but cold. I can feel eyes on my neck b-but also everywhere else. It feels like someone is touching me...My...My legs and chest. I want it to stop...please make it stop. I don't want this!"

Sylvi stopped the car at a stop sign and took Dakota by the arms. After a quick assessment she hugged her. It was less than a hug and more like she was smothering Dakota into her body. The angle was uncomfortable because Dakota's shoulder was digging into her breast.

"W-what are you doing," Dakota whispered, her voice was deeper for once, making her sound boyish.

"Two things," Sylvi mimicked Dakota's whisper after a few short moments. "First, I'm attempting to keep you steady by holding you against me. Second, I'm trying to see if I can sense the creature harassing you."

"Is it working?"

"Yes and no, if I am correct you have calmed down just enough to talking properly. But I can't seem to find where the source of your fear is from." She continued to hold Dakota. "I was watching the streets and I didn't see anything odd. No one was acting weird."

"...So basically you have no idea what's going on."

Sylvi sighed, still clutching Dakota. "No, I'm sorry."

Car started honking behind them, humans yelling for her to move her ass. She coughed and let go of Dakota.

The rest of the ride to the flower shop was silent.

*

The bell of the shop chimed as they walked in. The first thing that Sylvi noticed was the sheer amount of greenery in the small front room. She could barely see the street out the window. There were cacti amongst flowering stalks of green. She was amazed. Despite the differences in plants it was almost as green as her home was. Not her little apartment in this city, but her home. The place she grew up in.

She took a deep breath and held the humid air in her body as long as she could. As she let the air out again she laughed.

"This place is amazing." She walked to a big leafed bush and gently touched the limbs. "You grew all these?"

Dakota turned and beamed at Sylvi. It was so bright that Sylvi's breath hitched, which confused her deeply for many reasons and none she was willing to think about. She was working and couldn't afford to distract herself.

"I grew them. Some of the bigger ones I've had for a long time. I usually sell the offshoots, the plant babies, to the public. I don't think I could ever sell everyone." Dakota walked to the back of the shop and Sylvi slowly made her way.

The back of the shop was more of a prep area. There was a backdoor that led to a small backyard. There seemed to be more plants and a few chairs. The room itself had plastic wrappings and shiny string. There were some fridges that held fresh cut roses and other flowers. There were even a few vases on the counter and the small table.

Dakota was walking up the stairs that were hidden behind the door separating the two rooms. The wood stairs were worn, however they seemed well taken care of. Actually, most of this place is worn but well loved.

"How long have you lived here?" Sylvi asked, stomping up the steps. Dakota seemed to be as light as air.

"I have always been here," Dakota held her hand to help Sylvi up the last of the steep narrow stairs. "I was born here, so I have always stayed. So that must be...sixty years? At least sixty."

"How have the humans not noticed?" Sylvi was surveying the apartment and its weaknesses. The biggest weakness was actually the store below. The apartment had very small windows. She could see the bathroom and the bedroom from the kitchen/ living room. In fact this place was even smaller than Sylvi's own place.

"Humans are really more concerned about humans and rarely ever pay attention to anyone outside their circle. Besides, if we keep up with their trends and technology we blend in even more."

Sylvi turned and looked at Dakota, who was sitting so prettily on the couch. "Sixty years old? You look barely over 23. I didn't know fae aged so slowly."

"Well, Sylvi, how old are you? Think about it. Just this morning you didn't know that fae existed. How would you know?" Dakota patted the seat next to her. "Please have a seat. I hope you don't mind but this is where you will be sleeping."

Sylvi put her backpack on the floor beside the couch and took her seat. The couch was small, but it probably fit Dakota perfectly. She was so small she probably fit everything.

"I'm well over a hundred. But I stopped aging at 32. Where I am from I never had to hid who I was." Sylvi looked at Dakota. "I have been here for a year but I still have a hard time remembering that I am different from everyone else here."

"I'm sorry that you're alone, Sylvi." Dakota took Sylvi's hand in one of her own. "But you don't need to be." Why does my heart feel like that? Like I'm scared? Sylvi let go of Dakota's hand and quickly stood.

"If you don't mind, I'm going to lock your shop and secure the apartment." Sylvi turned and walked down the stairs.

"No, not at all. I guess I will get dinner ready," Dakota mumbled to herself.

*

Dinner was quiet. Sylvi wasn't sure why Dakota seemed quieter but she had a feeling that it was her fault. She had said something but she wasn't sure what it was that bothered Dakota. It sat ill with her but she was afraid to bring it up.

Besides, it wasn't her job to make friends with her clients.

Lying on the couch after dinner wasn't any easier either. Dakota was in the shower, getting ready for the next day. Sylvi could smell the shampoo that she used. Lavender and sandalwood, it was somehow both feminine and masculine.

Dakota was a client. Why was she so obsessed with her? Sylvi was no stranger to women, back home was a female only land. When they wanted sex they had it with other women. It was not strange. Humans were just starting to accept homosexuality. But Sylvi was never interested.

Sure, she's had sex. But she never seemed to enjoy it, much to her partner's displeasure. Sylvi just thought that she never would. It felt weird and often felt almost no pleasure. And she was okay with that.

But Dakota was making her feel like something was different. Sylvi wanted to push Dakota against the wall and breathe her sent. She wanted her leg to support Dakota while she rid her pleasure on her. She wanted to kiss her, up and down her neck, moving father down her body, stopping at her little breasts to such each nipple. She wanted to fuc—

"Sylvi?" Dakota was shaking Sylvi, yelling in her face. "Are you okay? Oh, great Goddess, what am I going to do?"

Sylvi blinked a few times and jumped. How had Dakota suddenly appeared? Does she have magic I'm not aware of? Sylvi looked at the clock that was ticking on the wall. According to the clock an hour had passed.

"What happened?" Sylvi stood, forcing Dakota to move away from the couch.

"Sylvi...you were sitting on the couch touch...touching yourself. But your eyes weren't right. It was like you weren't there." Dakota was pale and looked like she had just had a panic attack. "While you were under the trance the watcher was around."

"What was I doing, Dakota? You need to be more specific."

Dakota's face burned a bright shade of red and she wrapped her arms around herself, as if to stop from shaking. "You had your...your hand down your jeans...I think you were masturbating."

Sylvi's heart stopped for a moment. I don't remember any of that. In fact, Sylvi wasn't sure when the last time she felt sexual desire. Something was seriously wrong.

"You need to get dressed. I need to talk to someone." Sylvi looked at Dakota's baggy shirt and loose shorts. "Unless you are comfortable leaving like that, you need to hurry."

*

"Why are we at La Maldita Sangre?" Dakota said, pulling her sweater closer to her body. Sylvi noticed that most of her clothing was oversized. Perhaps an old boyfriends? Again, Sylvi was feeling obsessive. She needed to get to Fran as soon as possible.

Thankfully Dakota decided she was fine in the shorts and top, just opting to wear a sweater too. That made their trip so much faster. Sylvi didn't want to scare Dakota any more than she already had, but Sylvi was having a hard time keeping herself calm.

Something had taken control of her body. And they obviously didn't need to be near her or Dakota to affect them. Sylvi could do everything in her power to keep Dakota physically safe, but she wasn't sure how much she could do for Dakota's mind. This was something she was unfamiliar with, so she needed help.

Fran was a very old and experienced vampire. She might know what was going on, and if she didn't she might know someone who did. Sylvi desperately needed direction right now.

"I need to speak with a friend. She might be able to help me," she said. "Unfortunately, Dakota, I'm not immersed in the supernatural world here on earth. My friend might be able to help me figure out what is messing with you." And with me.

"That thing attacked you too," she whispered. "You didn't have control of your body, did you?"

Sylvi stiffened at the thought of Dakota not trusting her. "No, I didn't."

The bar was busy, filled with more creatures than usual. There were strippers dancing on poles, and lizard men licking their lips as they watched the women dance. Walking to the back of the club was uncomfortable for Sylvi most nights, but tonight she had the overwhelming urge to sit and watch the ladies with Dakota in her lap.

Ignore them and get to Fran.

Sylvi noticed that even Dakota's eyes lingered on their bodies and it angered Sylvi. This is a job not a fucking dating service. Get over Dakota or choose another job! But she knew she couldn't just give up now.

Francesca was at the bar drinking her whiskey, she was alone which was uncommon for her. As they got closer, though, Fran's ears started to twitch at the top. She stood and turned, looking at Sylvi and Dakota, her eyes were bleak.

Instead of waiting for them to reach her, she quickly walked over and pulled them to the back where her office was. The farther they got from the dance floor the softer the music become, less of a driving force and more like a thumping heart.

Not a word was said until her office door was closed and locked. Sylvi could feel the stress between the three of them. It was palpable, like she could slice it with her sword.

"There is something not right," Fran whispered softly. Her Spanish accent was thicker, perhaps from nerves. "Earlier I felt a presence that seemed to reach across the city. Did you feel it?"

"I felt it," Dakota said. Suddenly her voice seemed deeper. "It felt powerful. It was strong enough that it shook Sylvi."

"It was more than just a presence. If it affected you the way it affected me, then others felt it too. I noticed more people out there than usual. Are your ladies busy?" Sylvi asked as she stood near the door. The office was large, much larger than the typical office, but it was still small enough that Sylvi could smell Dakota's sweet scent from where she stood. She crossed her arms to prevent herself from doing something stupid.

"Every creature that has stepped into my bar has been horny and mean tonight. I had to stop a were-panther from rutting one of my strippers on the stage." Fran sighed, "we do not condone that behaviour here."

"I had a panic attack, but it was stronger than usual. It left me paralyzed on the floor while I watched Sylvi..." Dakota stopped for a moment, almost as if to ask for permission before finishing. Sylvi gave her a small nod. "I was forced to watch Sylvi as she masturbated on my couch, but it was as if she wasn't there. Her eyes were glazed over."

Fran turned and looked at Sylvi to confirm the story. Her eyes almost begged that Sylvi to deny the accusation. "It's true, I wasn't even aware it was happening. I think I scared her."

"Scared who?" Fran asked, walking behind her desk to find a sheet of paper. Her usually steady hands were shaking, just slightly, but it was enough for Sylvi to notice. Fran knew something that she did not and it was bad enough to scare the old immortal.

"Dakota," she stated, "I mean no offence, but she's so sweet and innocent that I think I scared her."

Dakota blushed and curled into herself a little more, almost like she was ashamed.

"My sweet child," Fran looked at Dakota and then to Sylvi, "Dakota is a male."

"Fran, now is not the time to be playing jokes. We need to figure out what's causing this."

Fran coughed and searched Dakota's face. There was something unspoken between them and the mood on Fran's face changed.

"You are right, Sylvi, my apologies. I got carried away I am very nervous right now." She sauntered back to Sylvi and handed the paper over. "This was emailed to me earlier today from a trusted source of mine. She's a soothsayer of sort, someone who can see into the future. I trust her with my life when it comes to her information."

Sylvi read the letter and she stopped breathing. She stopped moving, because if what that letter says is true...How am I going to survive?

"What does it say?" Dakota asked, standing up. She tried to peer over Fran's shoulder but couldn't quite see.

"I wasn't sure what she meant when she sent it. Sometimes my source speaks cryptically when she's currently under the influence of her talents. But I have a feeling that Syl understands." Fran walked to the mini fridge and pulled out a glass of what Sylvi assumed was blood.

"This paper is saying They are coming. Some are here. Fight with your heart for they can smell fear. This one is deadly, it will tear families apart. If you are not careful it will kill your heart." Sylvi folded the paper and put it in her back pocket. "She is a smart soothsayer. You best keep her around. She knew I would come here."

"What is she talking about, Sylvi. I have a right to know because whatever it is it's the reason I hired you." Dakota looked at Sylvi with determination. Everyone was so confused and there was so much that Sylvi needed to digest. But one thing was for certain, she was made for this.

"Where I come from we have a prophecy of a war, humans against demons. The demonic creatures are said to be so ugly and misguided that they have turned away from all of the gods and burrowed so deeply into their own desires they forgot who they once were. Their only goal as a collective is to create more demons, so the come to earth to influence the humans, slowly poisoning them, changing them into a demon." She paused, but only to sit on a chair. "My mother would tell this story to me as a child, as if to inspire strength in me. Our job, as Valkyries, is to protect the humans by defeating the demons."

She laughed to herself; just thinking about how she acted the last time she spoke to her mother.

"I was convinced that this day would never happen. I thought it was just a tale passed down from mother to child to keep us strong for Odin, in case he needed to fight a war of his own. But I was assured that we were only created by Odin for this purpose. Even still, I was so sure that the prophecy was wrong."

"Is that why you were kicked out of Valhalla?" Fran asked.

"No, I left Valhalla because someone dear to me was exiled due to her family line. She was like a daughter to me, Fran, a daughter. And my mother saw fit to throw her away." Sylvi looked up at the duo, tears streaming down her face. It was like a scab was ripped off. "And now my mother will laugh. It is my duty to find and kill this demon before it infects anyone else."

"What kind of demon is it?" Dakota held her breath. She probably didn't want to know the answer.

"We are being attacked by a Succubus."