 Chapter 9.

Sitting across from Violet and taking the first bite of some apple pie, Tom looked at his grandma, who sat at the head of their round 4 person table and to Tom's left, and asked, "Where is Grandpa today, I haven't seen him, but then again, I was gone kind of suddenly this morning, but even then I didn't see his truck. 

"He had to work today, but not much, just bidding some jobs for the next few weeks. He also wanted to do a little birthday shopping for you I think. I don't know what he is going to get you, he wouldn't let me in on it, so I was just stuck baking the goodies for you. I'm sorry if it's not enough, son." Tom's grandma looked genuinely sad at not buying him anything, but Tom couldn't have asked for anything more. His grandma's pie was always the best and he had for many years actually believed he could taste the love in them when he ate them. 

"Grandma, I didn't want anything from anybody this year, I just wanted to be with my family, and the pie is perfect. The best gifts come from the heart, not the wallet. I love you Grandma, and this is perfect."

Violet watched as she seen the love shared between a grandmother and grandson exchanged so warmly. She understood now why he was such a warm person, but something about his character still puzzled her. Where did he get such self righteous anger? She would have to ask later if she didn't find out soon.

Tom started talking again after he reflected with his grandmother in silence, "Well I'm sure Grandpa will be home soon enough, I want to see him today, but me and Violet have some plans for later tonight." 

Tom was over halfway through his pie, but Violet was still on her second bite. Tom looked at her and gave her a puzzled look, "Oh! I'm just watching you two is all," and quickly took a bite, which became an explosion of flavors in her mouth. 

"Oh you do, do ya?" Grandma gave Violet a teasing look, "What are you two kids going to do?" Tom gave some vague details about driving his new car to the city where he could cruise and show off his girl. "Awe, well you kids be careful out there."

Tom promised they would then stood and took everyone's empty plates and put them in the sink. Violet stood and they gave an excuse to go off to Tom's room. "Well, I need to get back to tending the flowers anyway, but come say bye before you leave for town tonight okay?"

"I will Grandma, I promise," Tom answered as they headed out the door. 

Violet trailed along, curious as to what was going to happen now. The sugar began to hit her and she became very bouncy next to Tom as they crossed the grass, tugging on his hand while she skipped along. 

Tom opened the door to his room and led Violet in, then crossed the room and made sure the curtains were pulled shut so no one could see in. Looking at his genie servant hungrily and full of lust he asked, "Are you still willing to please me my sweet lady?"

Violet's bouncy happiness, turned to barely controlled lust and seduction, her eyes softening and her lips standing out, awaiting to be touched by Tom's body, "Anything for you my Master," she dipped her head down and performed a half curtsy, spreading empty arms to her sides like a graceful swan then standing back up. 

"I want you Violet, I want to take you, use you, pleasure myself with your body as you wet yourself with cum from the power I have over you." Tom said, his lust coming stronger now. He loved this girl and he knew it, but he wanted to use her, to fuck her, to hold himself and all of his power over her, over her.

"Do as you wish with Master, I am yours to command," She looked at him with her head tilted, her smile warm and desirable. She wanted to please Tom and he felt it. He wasted no more time. 

Crossing the room, he took her chin in a rough grip and kissed her hard. His tongue didn't come to play, his lips didn't move, she just felt great pressure on her face as his fingers gripped her cheeks. With his left hand he reached around her and grabbed her ass in a tight grip, the flesh bulging around his fingers. She just stood there limply, her arms at her sides, slightly spread like wings as they dangled about her, her mouth pinned into an unmoving kiss, and finally she moaned. 

Tom broke the kiss and bent down slightly, scooping his hand under the bottom hem and ran his hand up her bare thigh to her lacey panties that covered her bottom. He squeezed again, feeling the partially bare flesh this time, and his cock throbbed against Violet's impeccable hips. He wasn't ready yet, but he would be soon. Tom decided he was going to make Violet get him ready. 

Tom took his right hand and placed it on her shoulder, then gently pressed down, forcing her to kneel in front of him. She licked her lips in anticipation, and knelt willingly. Without prompting, she began undoing his pants, her eyes never leaving his until he nodded and she pushed them down around his ankles. Violet stared as his cock while his shirt dangled just above it, her mouth beginning to water with the desire to take him in her, the desire to please bursting in her. 

Tom put a hand on the back of her head and gently pushed her face to his crotch, more than half hard by now. He felt it throb and flop against her cool cheek, her mouth and tongue reaching for it as it did so. After a second of playing with it, Tom could feel her inhale him and began to caress his member with her tongue, the bobbing of her head under his hand becoming seductive in its own right. 

Tom took hold of Violet's hair by the base of her ponytail and began exercising his control. Using his one hand, he took control of her head and face by regulating the movements she made on his dick, holding her out to tease his head then suddenly he pushed her halfway onto his steel, her mouth opening wide for him. After a moment, he pressed harder, forcing her to take more in her mouth and lastly into her throat. He felt the contraction of her throat as she suppressed her gag reflex and swallowed once, taking him down her throat. Tom moaned and throbbed inside of her, and she moaned back onto him, warm vibrations he could feel in his hips. He looked down on her face and seen she only had three quarters of his cock in her mouth. He could almost make out a smile on her face as she met his eyes and worked her lips and tongue on his cock. 

More, she will take it all, Tom thought to himself and he pressed harder, forcing more of himself into her. She moaned in desire as she swallowed more of him, taking everything he had into her body. He had no idea how she could breathe, but she didn't try to lift up off of him, so Tom just pressed harder. Finally, after another swallow or two, he was buried to the hilt into her mouth and throat, her lips nuzzled into his pubes, which Tom had a thought to trim them up for her, and he pulled on her ponytail, dragging his cock out of her mouth. 

She gasped for air but looked at him for more. Once he felt she had her breath back a few inhales later, he applied pressure again, and she took her master's cock in her awaiting lips again. Only half burying himself in her, he bobbed her head to massage himself, effectively masturbating himself with her face. He moaned and tilted his head back, placing his left hand on her head while she swirled and twirled her dancing tongue on his cock, licking the underside and each side of his shaft, then spinning tiny circles on his head that forced him to throb in her mouth. Tom's stimulus continued to grow and he forced himself in and out of her faster, fucking Violet's face with his missile.

She began to moan with each thrust, Tom's hips beginning to buck with the movement. Tom stopped moving her head, and just held her still while he thrust into her moaning mouth. He made sure to keep his thrusts shallow, halfway or less, because he wanted to cum in her mouth. He didn't care if she swallowed; he just wanted to feel her tongue lap up his seed as it painted the insides of her cheeks. 

He felt it, that point of no return and his hips bucked wildly, his toes arching hard as he burst inside of her. She kept her face to him, tilting her head to follow his movements as he exploded giant surging streams of cum spewing forth in her mouth and down her throat. He could feel her tongue cup and try to channel his cum as it flowed freely from him. The extra sensation of her cupped tongue wrapping itself like a tube under his cock and starting to thrust the underside of him caused him to squirt more into her. She moaned with the additional amounts of cum coming from him and he could see her swallow it, her throat contracting with the semen. 

Without stopping, she milked the last of him out; tiny moans coming from him as she did so then cleaned him up with her mouth, throwing in a few extra licks to be a good slave. Tom loved every minute of it, his cock relieved of the giant pressure, but still hard and willing to fuck. 

He pulled her up to a standing position then led them over to his bed. Maneuvering behind her, he knelt with his face level with her voluptuous ass cheeks and scooped up her dress. As he stood back up, Tom took her dress with him, the red cotton pulling up around her large tits and without ceremony up over her head. She was left in her panties and bra, but that didn't stop him. 

Moving up close behind her, Tom wrapped his arms around Violet's torso, each hand gripping a teat, massaging in large circles throwing little flicks at her nipples. He throbbed hard against her ass, his jeans still around his ankles. He didn't care; he probably wouldn't even take them off so great was his lust for her. If he became uncomfortable, he would just make her move to suit him. He owned her, and he wanted to own her. Tom's engorged cock throbbed at the thought of Violet actually wanting him to own her and use her. 

Leaning back, he unsnapped her bra, the garment allowing her breasts to fall limply on her chest. With his thumbs Tom drew it off of her arms as she held them out, completely exposing her mounds on her chest. They were so beautiful, soft and inviting. Tom's mouth wanted to feel them as he looked over her shoulder, his hands desperately wanted to caress them, grip them. So he did, smashing his hands roughly against her chest and pinning her to him. He heard Violet moan, a good moan as his strength came through his hands and pressed her to him. Her cool back warmed to his covered chest.

Tom wanted to be completely naked now; he didn't want anything on them at all. If he was going to take her and submit her, Tom wanted to do it all the way. Spinning their bodies around, he sat on his bed and commanded Violet to remove his clothes, which she did quickly, just as lust filled as he was. Unbuttoning his shirt, her mouth kissed his body as it was exposed, her lips climbing his stomach to his chest. He looked down at her while she was bent at the waist completing her task, the large breasts of hers dangling down and swaying with her seductive movements. Tom reach down while she finished the last button off and kissed his collarbone, and fondled her some more. The large round flesh felt so nice in his hand, it turned him on not only in his crotch but also in his mind as he thought to himself, Mine. 

Tom leaned forward and allowed Violet to push his shirt off of his shoulders then toss it with his jeans. Taking her head in his hand, his fingers lacing themselves in her hair as his thumb roughly rubbed her cheek then Tom stood up and moved behind her again. She stood there, looking over her left shoulder as he got behind her, then she felt his hand in the middle of her back, pushing her over. His other hand, his left hand, snaked around her hips and held them up, forcing her to bend over at the waist, exposing her ass cheeks, anus and still covered pussy. 

Tom decided to rectify her panties to the floor, so hooking his index finger in the middle of them, he drug them down to the hardwood floor and they were gracefully was stepped out of. Standing back up Tom reached under her legs and planted his whole hand across her mound, feeling the wetness press against him as she moaned again. She wanted him, he could feel it, and he was going to give it to her, hard. 

He rubbed, back and forth, he rubbed her whole mound and pressing firmly against her hips. She rocked on his stimulation, trying to grind herself on his fingers as they pushed her lips flat against her body. Tom continued to build speed until he was in rhythm with her gyrating hips, and without notice he positioned his hand slightly lower and dipped a finger into her cunt, the lips separating easily. She released a torrent of her silky lubricant all over his middle finger as it probed and explored shallowly in her vagina. 

She moaned a little harder, but Tom was done playing now. Kicking her feet out gently, he forced Violet a little lower for him, which in turn forced her to arch her back harder for him to be in the perfect position for his throbbing cock. 

Taking the hilt in hand, Tom guided it to her opening, and with her cool saliva still on it, he dipped into her without warning. As she felt him pierce her hole, she nearly screamed and collapsed on the bed. Halfway in, Tom drew out and left her wanting for a second, then he pierced her again, this time going deeper. Not quite to the hilt, he drew out a second time, then skewered her before her half scream could complete, escalating it to full blown yell of incoherent lusts. 

Balls deep he thrust, each time, his hands at her waist while he quickly built up lubricant and speed. Violet pushed back on him, pushed back harder, trying to take all of him in with each stroke. He thrust at her with more fervor, trying to outdo her efforts and quickly establishing his dominance once more. Before they could count ten thrusts, his penetrations were drilling her at a rapid pace. 

She moaned with each one, but did her best to stifle a scream as he smacked her ass from out of nowhere, and used even more force. Her pussy lips swallowed him, gripped him. Violet clamped down on him like a vice as he pounded her pussy, each forceful entry causing her tits to bounce against the bed, her nipples grazing the comforter as they did so. She still pushed back against him, trying her best to time it, the smack of her soft ass on his hips driving her to keep trying to devour him with her cunt. 

Tom's fingers smashed into her ass cheeks and tightened down on them with muscle bound hands. She could feel him take hold of her and she loved it because as he did so, he took all the work out of her pushing against him and began to pull and push her hips with abandon, more strength in his arms than in her hips. She just let him ride her, moaning and screaming while he did so. 

He was building pressure now, not near enough to cum, but he could feel it coming from a long way away. Redoubling his efforts, Tom's body began to sweat with all the effort of pounding into Violet, but he forced his speed to continue on. 

Panting violently, he could feel his chest burn, the air in his lungs not enough but the desire in his loins overpowering as his lust drove him on like a whip across his back. He had to cum again but he had to make her cum again too. He wanted to feel her explode all over him, her pussy tightening around his cock once more when she did so. 

He ordered it then, the thought dawning on him as he jack hammered into her, "Cum for me my slave, cum for me now."

She didn't respond at first, her mind working slow through her pleasures, but seconds later, she shrieked. It was a satisfactory scream of lust, pleasure and relief as her body collapsed on the bed in a near uncontrollable state. Tom felt her against him as she came and he realized he was almost to the point himself, so he did his best to pick up speed again. 

Using his hands more than his hips, while Violet continued cuming on his dick, Tom finished himself with a roar as he pulled her too him as fast as he could, his blood surging to his engorged member. When he exploded, he didn't just spray fountains of cum in large pulses into her pussy, Tom shot a near fire hose stream into her cunt. As he sprayed the inside of her body, he continued to thrusts, but in short, choppy and widely spaced out movements, not the furious fucking he had completed before.

Tom still gripped Violet's ass cheeks and she was propped up in a sort of triangular shape to accommodate him, but she was not anywhere near coherent as he pulled out of her, still cuming in tiny droplets. Letting go of her, he stepped to the bed and collapsed next to her, her hips falling the opposite direction.

Within seconds of his dazed collapse, someone began pounding on the door to his room. Quizzically, He got up and slid his shorts on while a second round of vicious pounds began. "I'm coming!" Tom yelled irritably. Opening the door, Tom found his grandmother looking at him with his still sweat slicked puffing from his efforts. 

"Is everyone alright..." she began, then a light bulb went off in her head as she actually looked at him, then looked over his shoulder at the still collapsed body of his slave girl, "Oh, never mind then."

Tom looked over his shoulder then back at his grandma and blushed a deep red as he figured out that he hadn't at all been discrete in his adventures and now he had been caught red handed. "It's not wh-"

"It looks like?" His grandmother finished for him, giving him a knowing look and raising one eyebrow.

He just looked at the porch and without another word, his grandmother turned away and without looking back she added, "Next time keep your mouths shut, I don't want to hear you two at all."

He shut the door and turned back to his bed. Walking to it, he lay down on his back next to Violet, who was coming around to her senses. A smile crept onto her lips as she looked Tom with deep affection in her eyes. He stared back with the same affection.

After a while they finally got up and Tom led her to the shower. Once they were all clean and dressed again, the two headed for his shiny new car.