 [Alicia, the spoilt 19-year old daughter of a wealthy merchant, has badgered her slutty maid Mari into helping her prostitute herself in disguise at the docks of the city, but in order to return to the Upper City after curfew the two girls were obliged to spend the night sucking cocks in the basement of the Haven Club, where rich women of the City prostitute themselves incognito. Now Therese Mishra, the Madame of the brothel, realising who she is, has offered Alicia a permanent position.]

*****

It was early evening at the house of Thomas DeKann, the Guildmaster of Merchants in the city of Port Midby, the bustling commercial capital of the Province of New Haven, part of the maritime Empire of Espera, which sprawled across islands and coastlines around the South Sea. Candles burned at the long table where the master merchant, grey haired and bearded, dined with his daughter, the 18-year old Alicia DeKann, a tall, blonde and striking girl, every inch the image of her mother, long since departed after an amicable divorce settlement with Thomas. 

The butler and a youthful page boy were clearing away the dishes from dinner, many of them barely touched in spite of the excellent food that the cook produced - both of the DeKanns ate sparingly, although of course that merely meant more of the food was left over for the servants to enjoy - Thomas was an abstemoious man, believing in frugality and self discipline, but he believed that such little acts of charity made for a more harmonious household.

"Do you have plans for the evening, my dear?" Thomas asked his pretty daughter, smiling gently.

Alicia smiled sweetly. She did indeed - tonight was one of her nights at the Haven Club, and she would spend it being roughly fucked within an inch of her life by common orcs in the Lower City. She squeezed her thighs together under the table to relieve the hot itching between her legs at the wicked thought.

"Father," she said chidingly. "Surely you have not forgotten that tonight is my night to visit the Imperial Women's Institute." The Institute was ostensibly a charitable organisation patronised by several of the wealthy matrons of the city, which functioned as a social club of sorts for well heeled noblewomen, but its secret was a tunnel which ran beneath the wall dividing the wealthy Upper City from the rowdy Lower City, to the seedy Haven Club, where said noblewomen were free to indulge their secret vices and play at being slaves.

"Ah, yes," her father said mildly. He smiled indulgently. "It is good to see you taking an interest in the affairs of our great city at last, my dear. I had begun to worry that you would become nothing but a wastrel, concerned only about your clothes, your horses, your parties... but these past few weeks have seen a welcome maturity develop in your outlook. The Institute does good work. Please pass on my regards to the ladies."

"I will, father," Alicia simpered, every inch the dutiful daughter. She knew - because her maid Mari had told her - that in her absence her father would likely spend the night buggering the page boy, who even now was mincing his way back to the kitchens with the dirty dishes. Her father's tendencies were no doubt the key to her mother's departure and the family's lack of other heirs - Alicia was her father's only child and, though she resembled her beautiful, tall, blonde mother, she had begun to even have her doubts as to whether she was actually Thomas' daughter. It would not have been beyond the realms of possibility that her mother had strayed from the marital bed of such a man, perhaps also prompting her parents' split. "And now, if you will excuse me father, I must make myself ready."

"Be careful," her father warned. "Even in the Upper City the streets can be dangerous at night for a beautiful young woman. Please take an escort - Geoffrey, perhaps. He is strong, and no rake or bravo would dare tangle with him."

"Yes, father," Alicia said, bowing her head in acquiescence. Her journey into debauchery had begun just a few weeks ago by sucking the prodigious member of the half-orc stable boy. She stood, bobbed her platinum-blonde head in salute, and made her way back to her rooms.

Her 19-year old lady's maid, Mari, was waiting for her, exactly where Alicia had left her - bound and gagged in her bedroom. The petite, dark-haired girl was balancing precariously on the tips of her stockinged toes on a pile of Alicia's books. A long curtain cord was tightly tied around the girl's neck, and then passed over a ceiling beam before running back down to be tied off against one of the posts of Alicia's large four-poster bed, meaning that Mari had to keep her balance on the pile of her mistress' books or strangle. Her wrists had been tied together behind her back with a silken scarf, and she was gagged with a pair of Alicia's dirty panties, tied in place with a stocking. She was naked from the waist up, and her small, budding breasts were criss-crossed with the angry red slashes of a riding crop where Alicia had taken out her frustrations on her maid earlier on. Mari's terrified eyes showed evident relief when she saw her mistress re-enter the room. Her legs were in agony from cramps, and she had actually let a little dribble of urine soak into her stockings in her fear that Alicia would not come back and she would genuinely strangle to death.

Alicia crossed to her precariously-balanced maid and pulled down the stocking holding the panty gag in place, pulling the sodden knickers from Mari's mouth.

"I trust that you have had sufficient time to reconsider your shocking conduct earlier, Mari," Alicia snapped. "Yes?"

Mari had grown far too bold after the two young women had whored themselves on that fateful evening several weeks ago, and while she had kept quiet initially, once it became clear that Alicia was going to start regularly visiting the Haven Club and Mari was not invited, but rather her task was to stay at home to cover for her mistress, the young maid had begun angling for 'considerations' in return, such as being able to spend time with her paramour Geoffrey, or perhaps even gaining better pay and conditions. This had merely irritated Alicia, who firmly believed that servants should know their place, and Mari's requests soon earned her several vicious floggings. Mari in return had sulkily begun to hint that her silence should not be taken for granted, and this afternoon had finally been the last straw, when she had threatened to tell Alicia's father about his daughter's carryings-on, unless her own needs were also taken into consideration. Alicia had therefore taken it upon herself to ensure that her maid was made fully aware that she was not indispensible. The lesson seemed to have been a salutary one.

"Yes, my lady! Please forgive me, my lady," Mari gasped, terrified, her head bowed submissively. "It shall not happen again, I swear! My silence is guaranteed."

"It will be," Alicia warned darkly, "or I shall make sure that you are silenced in a more permanent manner." She was sure that her father could easily hush up any 'accident' and procure another maidservant - for this one was getting far too big for her boots.

She looked with some satisfaction at her maid's fear and agony, and watched her calculatingly for a while, but then sighed, crossed to a drawer and produced a sharp knife. Moving back to Mari, who was eyeing the knife nervously, Alicia cut first the cord, and them when Mari slumped to her knees on the floor, she cut the silk scarf binding the other woman's wrists together. Mari groaned and rubbed at her throat and wrists.

"And now you may dress me, you insolent little slut," Alicia told Mari. "And then you may fetch Geoffrey - my father says that he is to escort me to and from the Institute tonight." Alicia enjoyed the little look of sadness in her maid's eyes at that news - Mari was in love with Geoffrey, though Geoffrey clearly lusted after Alicia's exquisite noble body intead - well of course he would, Alicia thought - for who would have the maid when one could have the mistress? She recalled that it had been discovering Mari and Geoffrey in flagrante - with Mari pretending to be Alicia in order to please the boy - which had first set Alicia on her path of sexual discovery, a memory which still sent a tingle through her little pussy.

Mari sorted Alicia's clothes form their drawers and then, her hands still trembling, Alicia noted with some satisfaction, removed Alicia's plain gown, corset and stockings that she had worn to dinner with her always-too-frugal father. Then Mari began to dress Alicia in her outfit for the evening. Now that she attended the Haven Club under the code name 'Azure', she had an ensemble in pale blue to match her icy eyes. It began with a tight-waisted, stiffly-boned corset, which Mari took some pleasure in tightening as hard as she could to reduce her mistress' already slim waist to a classic 'hourglass' shape. Alicia felt a shuddering excitement as the laces were drawn tight. The constant pressure on her stomach and back was almost painful, but the constraint somehow always made her feel more wanton, more desired. The corset had cups which just contained Alicia's softly swelling breasts, relatively large for her slender frame. Mari then rolled on seamed stockings of the same pale blue, running them up her mistress' long, slim, well-turned legs, before tying the pale blue silk ribbons of garters around the top of the stockings which would keep them in place. A pair of silk elbow-length gloves of the same colour soon adorned Alicia's arms, and she stepped into a pair of strappy open toed 5" high heels that increased Alicia's height advantage over her maid still further. The last items of Alicia's 'working' attire were a pair of silken blue knickers which gently caressed her pert bottom and freshly shaven mound, and a blue leather collar, which fastened around her neck as if to denote her as a slave, for indeed that is what the ladies of the Haven Club pretended to be.

Of course, it would be impossible to walk the streets dressed in such clothing, and so over it Mari helped Alicia into a dark blue evening dress, which she would wear as far as the Imperial Women's Institute, and over that a black hooded cloak to protect her identity. Alicia regarded herself in the mirror as Mari attended to her mistress' make up, gently teasing her eyebrows and applying rouge and painting her lips a whorish shade of bright red, and adding dabs of expensive perfume to Alicia's neck, breasts and pubis. She combed Alicia's hair and plaited it into an artful arrangement on top of her head, pinning it into place as the latter, mollified by her maid's resumed subservience, sighed at her pale beauty in the looking glass, now primped and painted and elegantly whorish, like a high-class courtesan.

"An acceptable job, Mari. Finally the lubricant, and then you may fetch Geoffrey. I will meet him by the rear door."

Mari sighed and reached for the jar of lard, secreted from the kitchens. Rubbing two of her fingers in the slimy fat, she reached up under Alicia's skirts, pulled aside the silk knickers, and gently pushed her fingers into her young Mistress' anus, liberally coating it with soft fat, pushing more inside. Alicia as usual gasped in pleasure at the strange wet sensation, knowing that it was a harbinger of the hard anal pounding that she was likely to receive later this evening.

"Ready, mistress?" Mari asked, trying to keep a tartly sarcastic tone from her voice.

"Yes, Mari. Now go."

Alicia walked, slightly unsteady on the high heels, still feeling the cold animal fat warming slowly in her ass. She was ready. Ready to become 'Azure' again. Ready to travel to the Haven Club and use all of her artfully applied beauty and elegance to taunt the lowest, meanest creatures of the city; its brutish, orcish workforce, vile, gigantic pig creatures of tusks and grey-green flesh, to taunt them into defiling her, demeaning her, turning her into their slut, their slave, their whore, to be a receptacle for their colossal, brutal lusts, their huge cocks, their strangely sweet, constantly spurting semen. Alicia bit her lip and pressed a knuckle of her right hand into the crotch of her dress, pushing against her overheated little cunny. Her silken panties were already damp, she knew...

Geoffrey was waiting for her at the rear door of the mansion, carrying a lantern and a stout stick, in case anyone tried to accost them on the streets, even though this was very unlikely on the wealthy and refined byways of the upper City. The beefy half-orc stable boy looked at Alicia and licked his lips involuntarily. Alicia smiled at his evident lust for her. She performed a twirl in front of him, letting the cloak open and the hem of her dress swirl up around her knees, revealing her long, stockinged legs.

"Good evening, Geoffrey. I take it that my look meets with your approval?"

"Oh yes, my lady," he gasped. "You are a very goddess brought to Earth!"

Alicia laughed, and started out down the street, leaving the servant to follow her.

She travelled a couple of streets - the Institute was not far away - but though the streets were intermittently lit by lanterns, there were patches of darkness where houses or temples were shuttered and no lights shone. Alicia stopped in one.

"Hood your lantern for a moment, Geoffrey," she instructed him. The youth did as he was told, and they were suddenly plunged into almost complete darkness, only the lights at the end of the street left to dimly illuminate them. Alicia stepped closer to Geoffrey, letting him smell her perfume, until their bodies were almost touching.

"My lady?" Geoffrey said, nervously.

"Shhh," Alicia said, raising a delicate gloved finger to his lips. She reached her other hand down to the crotch of his breeches, and rubbed her fingers across the leather fabric, feeling the bulge of his erection straining there.

"I think that my appearance definitely meets with your approval!" Alicia teased.

"My lady..." Geoffrey stammered. "We might be seen!"

"But it is dark," Alicia whispered. She leant up - the height of her heels just about making the act possible - and kissed Geoffrey full on the lips, letting her tongue slide inside his mouth. He opened his lips obediently and they kissed in silence for a moment, as she continued to rub his urgently thrusting erection.

"Tell me," whispered Alicia. "Do you still fuck Mari and make believe that it is me?"

Geoffrey groaned. "Yes, my lady," he admitted.

Alicia laughed delightedly. "How wonderful!" she exclaimed. "Perhaps one day I will have to let you sample the real thing - not just my mouth this time but... somewhere else..." her fingers continued to trace the contours of his straining cock.

"Do you remember that day?" Geoffrey asked, panting with desire. "When you took me in your beautiful soft mouth? Ohh, Miss Alicia, I have longed for it to happen again!" His hands came up to grab her corseted waist.

"Not tonight, though, Geoffrey," Alicia told him firmly, stepping back and pushing his hands away. "I have an appointment and cannot be late."

"You whore yourself with them, but not with me!" Geoffrey protested, blushing. "Mari told me," he added sheepishly, by way of explanation.

Alicia slapped the impudent servant hard across the cheek. "How dare you speak to me like that!" she cried. "I will have you flogged for this tomorrow! Mari may keep her sordid gossip to herself and you will not repeat it!" That was it, Alicia decided, Mari simply had to go. She had become nothing more than a liability. "Now unhood your lantern and conduct me to the Institute, at once!"

She stormed angrily across the cobbles, Geoffrey following sullenly behind her. They reached the Institute in silence, walking up the steps towards the pillars and portico of the entranceway.

"You may wait for me in the foyer," Alicia told him, and stalked off into the interior of the palatial marble building without so much as a backwards glance.

-

In the drawing room a tapestry had been pulled back, exposing a dark staircase leading downwards. Alicia skipped down it in her heels, finding herself in the underground chamber that was the entrance to the tunnel that led under the inner city walls to the Lower City. Several women were waiting here, already disrobed and clad only in their coloured corsets, gloves, stockings, heels, panties and collars, each a different colour, according to the alias of the wearer. Alicia knew who they all were, of course - the nobility of the Upper City was not a large group - there were perhaps only a couple of hundred women of quality in the city, and she knew them all to speak to. Here was Countess Amelia White, 38, blonde and statuesque, her full breasts straining at the cups of the red corset - 'Scarlet' at the Haven Club. Here her 18-year old daughter, the Honourable Nicola White, a slimmer version of her mother, dressed as 'Peach'. It amused Amelia immensely that each had discovered the Club separately, of their own accord, and only realised when they saw each other corseted and gartered like a whore that each had a secret - that they were both cock-addicted sluts. And there was Lady Penelope Ward - 'Rose' - her outfit all in pink. She was another blonde woman, though her hair was of a darker hue, and she was slimmer and less amply breasted and Amazonian than the White women. At 33, 'Pink' was a wealthy divorcee who had come to find that she craved humiliation and submission at the hands of the coarsest denizens of the city. Last of the six was 'Jade' - a petite easterner known as Lady Sumiko, whose husband was an ambassador and trading factor, and whose wife, in her boredom, had looked for what entertainments might be found in such a barbarous town. Her outfit was of shimmering emerald green, which set off her dusky complexion, long raven hair and dark eyes. Alicia and Amelia and Nicola white all towered nearly a foot above the exotically beautiful Sumiko.

"Azure, you are here at last," Penelope - 'Rose' - said chidingly, using Alicia's alias. "I hope you did not stop to take your pleasures on the way - for you know there will be plenty enough awaiting us."

Alicia blushed at the implication, which was almost true. "My father was late finishing dinner," she said offhandedly, as she quickly removed her cloak and the dress that she wore over her own whore's outfit. "Anyway, I am here now - let us proceed."

The women closed and locked the door back into the Institute, and, with Scarlet bearing a light, they proceeded down the dank, dripping tunnel that led into the basement of the Haven Club.

"Do you know who will be here tonight?" Alicia asked as they walked, heels clacking on the stone.

"Chief Gustrix of the Penderran tribe has said that he will visit tonight," Scarlet said, her bosom heaving and eyes sparkling with anticipation. "He said that he would bring his choicest warriors and that they would 'fuck me until I can no longer walk'." 

There was a chorus of mewling sighs and moans at the thought. The Penderran Tribe were a different breed from the usual orcs that inhabited the city - they were mercenaries from far, wild, untamed parts, and were rumoured to have cross-breed with ogres, or been the result of a mage's experiment who had done so, for they were a good foot taller than the average already impressive orc, and rumoured to be correspondingly well endowed. 

"You must share them around, mother," 'Peach' scolded her. "Do not be so greedy!"

"Oh, do not worry, he said that he would especially enjoy defiling my daughter and making us perform together for him!" Scarlet laughed - the laughter proved contagious around the women as they imagined the two high born ladies kneeling submissively at the chief's feet, gobbling together eagerly on his cock.

"But they are so big," Jade whispered fearfully. "I fear that they will split me in two!"
