 Note: This story takes place in the same universe as my story Empathic Sex.

My brain was marinating in a sea of pleasure. Pleasure that no human should ever be allowed to feel. Pleasure stronger then any human being should ever be able to feel. And bubbling just beneath the surface of this ocean of sensations is a frustration borne from the fact that I can't orgasm. I look over at my wife. Oh, she's having a great time. She has no such restrictions on her. I can't count the number of times I've seen her reach her peak just in the last few hours. I would hate her, but as I look in her eyes, I know she wouldn't really push me farther than I could take, at least I hope so.

---------------------------------------------------------

It all started on day as my wife, Jane and I were watching television. I say watching in the loosest sense of the word. The T.V. was on and we were sitting on the couch in front of it, but our real attentions were focused on the tablets we each had in our laps. I was playing some stupid game, and she was scanning through the news. 

She tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Hey Tommy, you gotta see this," as she handed me her tablet. It was opened to a report about something called The Corsican Device. The article claimed it would open new dimensions in your love making.

"What is this, some new sex machine," I asked. 

"Keep reading."

The Corsican Device, according to the article, can transmit the sensations of one partner to the other during sex. I turn to my obviously excited wife and say, "Are you fucking kidding me? This is for real?"

"You bet it is," she said. "Can we it?"

"You bet your sweet little ass we're gonna get this."

We made an appointment the next morning with a doctor who would be able to install the devices. It involved a little transceiver implanted into the base of our skulls. This was responsible for sending and receiving our sensations, and they talked to a little device that looked like a wi-fi router which was responsible for sending the signals back and forth between the two of us. Our implants had to be registered with our router. This kept us from "spying" on other people who had them too. 

At first they were really fun. Nothing teaches you what your partner really likes like being able to feel it. The only problem was that when my wife would have an orgasm, it would feel so good that I would have one too. My wife is so easily orgasmic, that things would just start to get interesting when I would ruin both the evening and the sheets. The doctor told us that it was to be expected, but that eventually I would learn to control my orgasms and separate them from Jane's, but I was having a real problem with it.

After doing some research online, I found a forum for people with the Corsicans. It turns out that my problem is a little more common than what my doctor told me. One post had a solution, it was a link to a site where people hacked their routers and were able to add code to it that would cause an orgasm block to keep you from coming until you were ready. 

A couple hours later, and I found a new firmware for my router that not only allowed me to control when I came, but could also control the level of sensations you felt, and even had the ability to record your sensations and play them back later. There was a large community of people who recorded them selves both on video tape, and with the Corsican. And the best part, it had an app for your phone that you could control it all.

I did all this without telling Jane. That night I was a sexual god. We went at it for so long, that my wife actually stopped me because she needed a break.

"What happened," she asked between pants. "You've never been able to fuck like that, even before we go the implants."

This is where I made my mistake.

I showed her the app.

She grabbed my phone and asked me how it worked. I told her how to hold off the orgasm, how to let it happen, and I showed her the sensitivity control. She then pushed me on my back, grabbed the phone in one had, and my dick in the other. 

She started licking and sucking my dick as she played with the controls, and now that she knew every single sensitive spot on my penis, it was the best blow job I had ever felt. The added sensations of her moaning as she felt what she was doing to me only made it better. When she put the sensitivity all the way up on her implant, she screamed, sat straight up, and rubbed her clit as she came, which I felt too, but without a release of my own.

When the fireworks stopped, she looked at me and giggled. "That was so fucking amazing."

"It sure looked like it to me," I said. "But I still have a bit of a situation here." She looked a little confused until I nodded towards my still throbbing cock. "Think you could let me finish now?"

"OK," she said, "but first, I want to do that one more time. That was too much fun."

Before I could complain, she bent over and swallowed me whole again. This time, when the orgasm hit her, she not only jumped up and started rubbing her clit again, but she hit the orgasm button on the phone. The orgasm I had was unbelievable. The combination of going hours without coming, and not only feeling mine, but Jane's orgasm too was the stuff poets write about. I think I might have actually passed out from it.

When I came back down to earth, I saw Jane cleaning me off. I had come everywhere. 

"Holy shit," was all I could say.

"That good, huh?" My brain still hadn't booted up, so I grabbed the back of her head and gave her the most passionate kiss I could muster. She giggled and pushed me back. "I'm gonna take that as a yes."

I closed my eyes again and started to drift off to sleep. Just before I lost consciousness, I heard her say, "I could have a lot of fun with this." 

And that was the beginning of my downfall.

------------------------------------------------

She soon acquired a taste for my long teased out orgasms, and I must admit, so did I. The orgasms after a long teasing session were the best ones of my life. It was a little unfair though, she got to enjoy the feeling of a cock shooting off after hours of denial, but she could have as many orgasms as she liked. All the perks with none of the frustration.

One day, she came home from shopping and told me she had gotten me a surprise. She told me to go into the bedroom, and strip naked and wait for her on the bed while she got ready. She came out of our bathroom in pretty much the same clothes she went in with, except she was now wearing a loose billowy skirt. She was also holding her cellphone, which now had the only copy of the remote control program (she made me remove it from my phone). She had that smile on her face that told me I was in trouble.

"Here's what's going to happen," she told me. "You are just going to lie here."

"That's all," I asked, thinking that this was going to be easy.

"That's all, and you mustn't touch yourself. Every time that you do," she held up her phone, "and I'll know when you do, that will be one more orgasm you will have to give me before you get to come tonight."

"So what are you gonna do, give me a strip tease?"

"No, I'm going to go do some chores around the house."

"Are you going to make me watch porn?"

"Nope, you're just going to lie here all by yourself."

"Well, that doesn't sound too haaaarrr...what the fuck was that?" I suddenly felt a strange tingling sensation. I had no idea what it was, but it felt good.

Jane giggled and lifted her skirt. Under there, I saw white straps crisscrossing over he legs, and between them, pressed right against her crotch, was a purple piece of plastic. "It's a wearable vibrator. You see, while I'm cleaning the house, I'll be wearing this. I have it set pretty low, but I can turn it up much higher for you." She followed that by turning up the sensations for me, just for a second.

She dropped her skirt and walked over to me. "One other thing," she said as she leaned over to kiss me on the forehead. "Every time you touch yourself, I'm gonna turn up the sensitivity." She gave my already hardened dick a quick squeeze and said, "Have fun!" as she left the room.

At first it wasn't so bad, so I sat back and tried to ignore it. Try as I might though, the constant buzzing just wouldn't leave me alone. I started to fantasize about what we were going to do that night, when I heard "I felt that Tommy," from the other room. I looked down and saw that my hand was lightly wrapped around my cock. "That's one!"

She turned up the sensitivity, and I resolved myself to not do that again.

This time there was no ignoring it. Especially when she bent over, and the vibrator pushed harder against her pussy. The incessant stream of pleasure, just simmering there was driving me mad. I needed to feel more. I think I lasted a half hour before I grabbed myself again. 

"Gotcha!" I jumped and turned to see my wife's smiling face peeking through the door. "That's two," she laughed as she turned around.

After she turned it up again, I growled to myself that I could do this. The sensations were no longer minor, no longer on the edge of stimulation. This was now a full on attack of my pleasure center. Believe it or not, I was actually able to go longer on this setting than on the lower ones. We had been playing these games for months now, so my endurance for pleasure had increased. I was able to make it 75 minutes before I was desperate enough to come that I grabbed my dick and started beating it for all it was worth. I was so consumed with lust that I forgot that I couldn't climax.

"You might want to save some energy for later," my wife said as she walked into the room. She sat down the chair we he in there and gave me an appraising look.

"You seem like you could use a break," she said as she turned the Corsican off. I let my head fall back in relief. She giggled at me and I tried not to blush.

"So, are you done?"

"No, not yet, but that vibrator worked me over more that I thought it would." She lifted her skirt and pulled the vibrator off of herself.

"So, do you want me to work off one of your orgasms now?" I asked with a glint of hope.

"Nope, but you get to watch." She started running her finger up and down her slit. Just lightly touching her lips, spreading her juices around. When her finger grazed her clit, she threw her head back with a moan.

"Is this going to count as one of the orgasms I owe you?"

Her head shot up and looked me in the eyes. "No way! Are you touching me?"

"No," I said meekly.

"Then it doesn't count. You just have to sit back and watch."

And watch I did. I think this was even more torture than what she had already put me through. Until we first tried out the Corsicans, she had never really masturbated in front of me before. Without being distracted by the flood of new sensations I had never felt before, I was in awe.

The way she bit her lip as she slowly worked her finger around and around her clit. The little moans she would make every time she hit a really sensitive spot. The way her brow furrowed in concentration as she picked up the pace. The way her breathing got faster and deeper as she got close. And the way she screamed and shook as her climax claimed her body. It was the most beautiful and arousing thing I had ever seen.

As she came down to earth, her eyes refocused on me and she said, "That's four."

I was confused until I looked down and noticed I had started to stroke myself. I don't know when I began, but I quickly pulled my hands away and cursed my weakness.

She started giggling as she turned back on the Corsican, and picked up the vibrator. I felt a shock of pleasure as she turned it back on.

"Hey, why did you turn it up so high?"

"I didn't. It's the same level as before. I'm just more sensitive after that orgasm."

Over the next few hours, I broke down 2 more times. By the end I was a sweating writhing mess. I felt like there were twenty tongues licking me all at once. Jane walked in and turned off the vibrator. "You sit there and cool down a little," she said as she stripped off her clothes. "I need to take a shower."

I was too beat to realize that she didn't turn off the implants first. Then I felt the water hit her, and with the sensitivity turned up as high as it was, it felt like a thousand feathers running down my body. Then I felt the soap rubbing into her skin. She spent a lot of time cleaning her breasts. I lot longer that I think they really needed. When she soaped up her vagina, I thought it was the most pleasure a human could feel without going insane. I was wrong. When I felt that water stream pound against her clit, I almost passed out. Thankfully, she showed me mercy and didn't linger there like she did her breasts.

As she got out of the shower, and started to dry herself off, she heard my moaning and realized that she had left the Corsican on at full blast. She jumped out of the bathroom, still dripping wet, and grabbed her phone. She turned the sensitivity back down to normal as she dried herself off.

"Sorry about that," she said as she climbed into bed with me. "I really did mean to give you a break while I showered. I'll tell you what, I'll forgive one of your wankings for it. So that means you must give me only five orgasms before you get to come, and I'll keep it at normal sensitivity."

She kissed me. Then, the pushed me onto my back and straddled my chest. I knew what she wanted. I dug into my meal like a man who hadn't eaten in days. I was in no mood to take it slow, and after teasing me (and herself) all day, Jane wasn't either. She came very quickly, twice, before she lifted herself from my face. Two down, three to go.

She rolled over on her back and crooked her finger at me. Again, I needed no hint. I lined myself up and easily slid all the way inside her. After the day I had, her pussy felt like heaven. After all, besides my own hand, the was the first real thing I'd felt all day. I tried to take it slow and enjoy myself, but I soon found myself thrusting harder and harder into her. When she screamed at the arrival of her third climax, I somehow found the willpower to slow down. 

I pulled her up and flipped her around. Now she was on all fours as I pushed into her from behind. This time there was no pretense of taking it slow. We slammed against each other like animals. This time her orgasm was accompanied by an arching of her back and her head buried in a pillow as she vocalized her joy.

She pulled away from me, and my still hard member slapped against my stomach as it popped out of her. She told me to lie on my back. She then straddled me and I knew this would be the end. With me inside her, she slowly rocked her hips back and forth. She had already had five orgasms that day, and this one she wanted to take her time with.

I on the other hand was a crazed beast, and tried to buck up into her, but she rode me masterfully. Always keeping the same pressure on me at all times. Just slowing rocking back and forth. I gave up on trying to make her go faster, and just grit my teeth, balling the sheets up in my hands. I could feel her getting close, so very close. Any minute now she would have her final orgasm, and I could finally get mine. But the closer she got, the slower she went. The combination of feelings from my desperately denied penis, and her slowly edging herself was driving me beyond my limit. I started to beg her over and over to let me come. Please, just let me come. 

When she got herself to the point that just one more thrust would put her over the edge, I saw her reach for the controller. She turned off the orgasm block and started riding me like a champion thoroughbred. First her orgasm hit, then mine hit and it was amazing. It seemed to go on forever. Just as my orgasm started to fade, she triggered again. That was when we both passed out.

I woke with her on top of me, and my deflating cock slowing pulling out of her. I pulled aside her hair and kissed her face. He eyes fluttered open and a smile brighten her face.

"So," she asked, "did you like your gift?"

"Yes, very much."