 **friends bear with me and the amount of time it took me to post this new listing. i am consistently doing all i can to make this better, but being deployed and now recently becoming a father, life has taken a busy turn for me. i have not forgotten you my friends and i intend this to be a long story for many to enjoy. please send me feedback, i love reading it good or bad...bthomas40**

*

Stepping outside was refreshing to Tom for some reason. He couldn't place his finger on why, but it was. Feeling renewed and invigorated, He was ready to be around people, people he didn't know but could learn to get to know. He was going to the big city tonight, and Tom was ready for it.

Looking at his vehicles, Tom knew he would have to do something about the truck and trailer. He knew he could make the trailer go away by explaining that he had just borrowed it and then have Violet take it away, but he didn't want to do that now. "Wait here for a minute Violet, I'll be right back," he said, turning to talk to her then dashing off to his truck.

Climbing into the seat, he started the truck and pulled it all the way forward, pulling all the way into the road. Running back to his black beauty, Tom pulled out wheel ramps from his trailer he had just wished had been there then undid the 4 straps that held the car in place. Jumping in and starting it he realized he had wanted to savor the magical sound of his giant engine throbbing under the hood, but knew he couldn't at the moment. He would later though.

Putting the car in reverse, he rolled it as gently as he could back onto the driveway, smoothly setting it down and parking it a safe distance from his truck. Hurriedly putting it the car in park, Tom didn't even bother to shut it off, not that it mattered in the first place, as he sprinted back to his truck. 

Putting the truck into reverse, Tom as gingerly as he could he parked the trailer in the grass next to his room, placing it between the garage and the road. After that he proceeded to unhook the trailer and, no longer in a rush, parked his truck in its normal spot under the carport next to his front door. Violet just watched as he completed his ballet of parking, wondering at his fast movements and quick motivation. She wondered where he got his burst of energy for a moment, but decided it was likely just a desire to leave.

Walking to the middle of the circle drive, Tom admire his parking job for a moment and realized he was probably going to get his butt chewed for putting the trailer in the grass, but knew he would have if he had left the trailer in the driveway so he gave up worrying about it. Turning to Violet he asked her, "Ready to be around more people?"

Walking over to his outstretched hand she answered confidently. "Naturally Master, anything I can do with you is always fun."

Tom beamed, he was happy. For some reason he was just completely happy. A magical wish granting sex genie can do that to you he thought to himself. Quiet settled over them while he basked in the gloriousness of becoming a man with so much power and an ever growing imagination. He felt free, liberated from some oppressing feeling that seemed to come from nowhere at all. Tom's eyes brimmed with tears for a moment as he thought of how much he was enjoying himself. 

Suddenly, his god like emotion was struck down by one thought. I don't deserve this kind of happiness. He felt that he didn't, he had done nothing to earn it, or make himself special. He hadn't even done something noble or right, or possibly wrong enough to be of note to somebody unearthly. If genies could exist, granting wishes and desires and possibly creating good things in the world, he supposed demons could exist just as well to twist things to the other side of the spectrum. Life was balance and he knew that. Setting his jaw he had a very firm thought next as incoherent thoughts of evil fluttered threw him, I will deserve it.

Looking at his gently rumbling new car, Tom finally took notice of his newest physical prize. It was a beauty of car perfection, with the long sweeping lines, and polished to mirror shine black paint. It nearly took Tom's breath away when he realized he actually owned the car. It was impossible to think about, something so awesome being his, so effortlessly. Turning to Violet, she spoke before he could, "Let's go pick up chicks!" 

Her glee seemed to match his for a moment as they walked to the car, but a childlike uncontrolled giddiness quickly outpaced him to a moment of extreme. He walked to the passenger side and again opened the door for his magical friend, seating her in the black leather bucket seat. Running to the other side, Tom took his place in the cockpit and just stared in wonderment as he gripped the steering wheel. The bucket set sat him rather low in the car, the long nose sticking way out, but the leaning seat made it feel like a missile, ready to be unleashed for destruction.

Pulling the automatic gearshift into drive, Tom felt the car shift and lurch forward an inch. As the rumbles of the engine dipped a little under the load, he eased out on the brake and idled out of the driveway and onto the pavement. Being as nice as he could to the gas pedal, he gently pushed down and felt the car pick up speed. The rpm's of the car stayed rather low, but he could almost feel the car's irritation at him for not pushing it harder. This was a car built for speed, built for full throttle acceleration and he was being nice to it. The car didn't seem to agree with him at first. 

Tom made a point of getting a good distance away from his grandparent's house, and then after he made a long coasting corner at a measly 35 mph, He came to a complete stop and looked at Violet. "Are you ready?"

"Will you stop asking that Tom?" Violet asked politely. She smiled in annoyance and Tom felt slightly embarrassed as he realized he had been asking the question all the time and hadn't actually done anything of note. It had been a more of a question for himself than for her, he realized.

Looking back at the road, he gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands and with one foot on the brake and one on the gas, he revved the engine up. It roared loudly in response. Suddenly Tom punched the gas and felt the car scream its battle cry as the rear end of the car broke traction and in a loud screeching of melting rubber the car's rear slid sideways. Tom counter steered to match as the speed slowly picked up while the torque of the car tore into the pavement. His blood pumped hard in his ears for those first few seconds, his knuckles turning white while he held on for the ride. Realizing that he had to let up on the throttle for the car to actually go somewhere fast so the tires could grip the road, Tom let up gingerly on the pedal and like a screaming maniac they leapt forward, the car straightening out on the road. 

This section of the road was straight and fairly smooth for a little over a mile so Tom stayed in the throttle. The speedometer quickly crept past 60 then 70 mph. Looking back at the road he could feel the acceleration tearing at his senses. Tom had never driven at this kind of acceleration and it scared but thrilled him at the same time. Glancing down on the gauges he seen the speedo was over 110 and out of reaction he let up on the throttle, letting the car coast down to 60 so he could take the next turn safely. 

Finishing out the straight stretch with a feathered throttle, Tom looked at Violet and noticed her beaming and her fingers digging like claws into the seat, but she said nothing. Tom felt words weren't necessary; it wasn't like a big burnout needed any, but now he knew he could do it. He didn't even notice how quick the drive was while he drove the charger into town. 

Stopping at one of the few gas stations, Tom parked the car and got out. Violet stood up too, and he noticed that she had on her red dress again. It was a hot dress admittedly, but it wasn't what he wanted her to where for where he was going. "Hold on, get back in the car for a second," he said, and followed his own orders. 

Sitting in the car, he looked at her and started thinking of what she should where. An idea struck him suddenly, "Would you mind if I changed your clothes?"

"Oh Master! Certainly!" and Violet turned around for Tom to begin undoing her zipper.

Smiling Tom grabber her shoulder and turned her to face him, "No, not like that, can I make you wear something else?"

She looked sad for a moment then asked her question "Is it sexy?"

"Slutty even," Tom answered grinning at his idea.

"My favorite, then what is it?"

"I want you to wear a short faded denim skirt with fraying edges..." Violet's outfit disappeared and she sat in his car topless with a skirt fitting his description, "And a white tank top," he said in an instant rush as he stared at her round tits. Their perkiness was covered by an undershirt style tank top. It barely held her cleavage in. Her nipples were hard and visible through the tight shirt, poking at Tom and begging to be squeezed. He felt his dick lurch in his jeans at the sight. Those made him decide to add the final piece. "Add a black lacey bra to cover those nipples before I pinch them." 

Violet thrust her chest out at him, daring him to try his fingers. He did so out of reaction and just as his hand got to her breasts, the bra covered them up, removing access to his prize. "Hey, you cock tease!" Tom declared but he smiled and laughed. "Okay, now we can go in the store."

They both stood up out of the car and walked to the front of the car to go inside hand in hand. Leading her in Tom went straight to the bottled beverages, allowing Violet's eyes to wander the store. Grabbing himself a Monster energy drink, he looked around for a moment, then at her and decided to get her a dr pepper. Everyone liked dr pepper, so surely she would too, but he knew she wouldn't like his drink and didn't want to share it anyway. Most females he had ever seen didn't like the blue ones if they liked any at all, so soda was a safe bet.

Pulling her gently to the counter without a word from her, Tom checked out handing the cashier a twenty dollar bill out of his wallet and gave her the soda. She took it wordlessly and they walked out to the car, where he deliberately didn't seat her this time, and let her get her own door. Tom watched carefully for any sign of remorse or negativity at all, but she didn't seem to mind.

He started the Charger and drove out onto the highway, gunning the throttle and fish tailing the car as he did so. Proceeding out of town, Tom began imagining the events for the night.

Tom wanted to take her out to eat, to a nice restaurant as in a normal traditional date. But it was only late afternoon. Dinner, especially a nice dinner, should be later, not now. He wondered what they should do now. He liked going to small concerts for local bands, and knew of a couple he liked, but didn't know if they were playing tonight, and besides, it was too early for that as well at the moment. 

They had left the little town behind a few miles back and the charger was cruising along at a good speed of 75 mph. The speed limit was 60, but most people did 70 or above because the highway was almost a pure straight stretch to the city. Looking around at the rolling hills and farm houses spread out along the road at spaced intervals. He enjoyed the scenery, despite it being so familiar, as his mind ventured forth for ideas. 

Violet's hand crept into his while she rode next to him, "Master, may I ask you questions?"

"Of course, never be afraid to ask a question," he responded. 

"What are those things out there, the buildings with odd colors and stuff around it? Oh, and those big round black things?" she said pointing to a trampoline in someone's acre large front yard. 

"It's a trampoline, you jump on it and it sends you way up in the air. And those things are houses, people live in them." He told her. 

"And the things with wheels are cars, like this one?" 

"Yes, and some trucks, vans, minivans, things like that. They all serve the same purpose but with a slightly different style."

"Okay, cool," she said and she looked back out the window. 

Tom waited for her to ask more questions, but she was silent once more while he drove. His mind began to wander again, looking for more ideas of things to do. 

Tom looked glanced over at her and his breath was removed by her beauty once more. He could feel the air catch in his lungs as he forced himself to inhale, and after a second he was able to focus again, but the rush he felt was overpowering. He still couldn't get over how awesome he felt. 

Sipping on his Monster, Tom realized part of his uplifted mood was likely in part due to the energy drink. It had varied effects on him depending on the situation and his mood, but when it hit him right, he felt like he did right now, Tom felt pure ecstasy.

When they arrived to the city, it was late afternoon, the drive having taken a large chunk of the day from them, but Tom didn't care. Taking the first exit that lead into the city, they began driving west on a main street. A Wal-Mart past them on his left and he made a left at the intersection, heading south again. Violet watched as modern civilization passed her by, her face nearly glued to the window. "Roll the window down; take a deep breath of the city Violet."

She glanced back at him and then began rolling the window down. She took a deep breath while he cruised along at an even 45 mph on the main road. Car lots and gas stations went by, a muffler shop with a car that had been turned into a large muffler itself, a brick fire station with big yellow fire trucks getting washed outside in the sunshine. 

Turning down a side street at a red light, Tom crept into a historical residential part of town on a street named Walnut. Old 18th and 19th century Victorian style houses surrounded by huge green oak and maple trees with several college age kids walking, running, biking and driving all around them as he drove. Tom noticed many of the people he seen that actually looked up from their own lives stared at his car, stared at him, and most of the guys stared at Violet as she hung her hair out the window.

Passing the college football stadium, Tom drove through a yellow light a cut up a side street that put them into an even more historical part of town. They were now driving through the foundation of the city where the roads became 19th century cobblestone. After a block they passed one of Tom's favorite places to hang out on Sundays, the Brewery. It was the local brewery for beer when the town was founded and still brewed its own, if unpopular, flavor of beer. Tom didn't like to drink, but on Sundays they let anyone with id play pool for free, all day, as long as there were tables free. He enjoyed pool very much. 

The building itself was a two story red brick building with wrought iron terraces surrounding the second floor. The parking lot was small, only enough for a few cars, but many lined the streets around downtown often to get into the Brewery, and the other bars and clubs in the surrounding area. Jutting out of the back of the building was an open wooden deck, added on within the last couple of years for patrons to enjoy the outdoors along with their drinks and food. It was a great place for gathering friends together.

Idling past the building, Tom decided that was not where he wanted to go. Accelerating past the next intersection, he came to a 4 way stop and made a right turn, making his way onto South Street. South Street was the street where most of the clubs were, with 4 on left side and 3 on the right. They were mostly places that didn't allow 18 year olds in, being 21 and over clubs, but one that he really liked, was the Outland Ballroom. It was another two story building, almost all of the buildings around them were, with the Outland bar on the 1st floor, and the Ballroom on the second. It was an awesome place that Tom had been several times in the past to see his favorite bands live, but what made it awesome was the fact that they almost always had all age's shows despite having a bar just feet from the stage. This was where he wanted to end his night. He just had to hope a band was playing tonight and that it was a good band. 

Cruising past it the Outland, they went through another 4 way stop, and idled onto the original government square, now converted to a public hang out spot with buildings new and old, renovated and crumbling surrounding it. Many of the buildings had been turned into loft apartments for college students, expensive leisure living advertised as furnished bargains close to the best part of town and located close to the university campus.;

The car made a gentle rolling right turn, the road around the square actually being a square with streets running in all 4 cardinal directions. The Square itself was another great place to be because it was probably the only place where masses of young adults gathered and didn't get hassled at all. Police cruised the area usually, but as long as no one was dying, they didn't stop. The square itself was a depression in the ground with brick paving from the early 1900s, about 3 feet below street level with a concrete wall bordering the sides. A wide swath of grass was between the street and the square itself, with a few single maples dotting the rolling ground. There was a ramp leading out of the square for emergency vehicles on the west side, just wide enough for a fire engine to get in if necessary and occasionally you could find cops parked in the middle of the square, keeping a vigilant watch. 

The important factor of today was the fact that people were there. Tom didn't know why but he could see the groups of people standing around among the trees, several groups smoking together, or just standing and talking. A ball bounding into the air from the middle of a gaggle of teenagers caught Tom's eye and he realized that it was hacky sack. Hacky Sack? He thought to himself then he noticed the kind of people that were around the square. They're Rockers! 

Many guys had long hair, or wore spiked ball caps; he saw several with piercings in various places in their faces and women sporting band t-shirts tied up above their navel. Chains hung from wallets, and even a few sported the ever popular trip pants from the local mall with huge chains hanging everywhere. 

The hacky sack he had spotted earlier flew wildly into the air again and Tom realized he was nearly stopped. Giving the car a little gas, Tom took the next turn off of the square and made a few turns until he was entering a parking garage. Circling to the top, he backed carefully into a spot between two large SUV's, and exited the vehicle. Violet followed wordlessly, but put her hand into Tom's as they walked to the stairs to go down. 

They crossed the street and walked passed a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant, directly to the actual center of town, the square itself. Walking to the crowd of people playing at footbag, or hacky sack as it's commonly known, he carelessly asked, "Mind if I join?"

"Sure!" was the unanimous response from a couple of guys close to Tom, and they made room for him in the loose circle they had going. It was a large circle of people, eight people in all. The hacky sack they passed leisurely between them was a knit one in the style of an eight ball. After getting the ball and successfully passing it to the others in the circle, he noticed a couple of people were wearing Drowning Pool band shirts and he had to ask what he felt was a dumb question. "Is anyone playing tonight?"

The guy to Tom's left responded, stalling the footbag on the toe of his foot as he did so and looking at Tom, "Drowning Pool is at the Outland. Show opens in a couple of hours."
