 [Alicia, the spoilt 19-year old daughter of a wealthy merchant, after forcing her slutty maid Mari into helping her prostitute herself, ended up at the underground Haven Club, where rich noblewomen of the city whore themselves for their own entertainment to the dregs of society. However, while Alicia and the women were pleasuring a company of orc mercenaries, the Club was raided by the City Militia and everyone arrested.]

Alicia stood among the group of noblewomen in the centre of the cavernous stone Hall of Justice. They were all regally clad in their best and most conservative dresses; long skirts and tight bodices, arms and shoulders modestly covered, hands gloved, high collars and long hair pinned up. In Port Haven, as elsewhere in the Empire, money could always buy you a better class of imprisonment, and they had been allowed fresh clothes, soap and water, and combs and brushes to make themselves look presentable. Looking at them now, as they stood together surrounded by the throng of guards and gawking onlookers, they presented an elegant spectacle of high-born womanhood, poised and immaculately dressed - one would never have known that just two nights previously they had all been arrested at the Haven Club, corseted and gartered like whores, their bodies soiled by the seed of the orc mercenaries that had ravaged them over and over again. Yet that was why they were here, and the city had talked of little else but the great scandal of the high-born Whores of Haven ever since. Nervously Alicia glanced at the surrounding crowd. Most were nobles and merchants, men of the Upper City, looking stern and disapproving, but at the back there was a rabble of denizens of the Lower City, grinning and nudging each other, pointing at the noble beauties now at the mercy of the court and loudly whispering the most salacious gossip that had circulated ever since the raid on the Haven Club. She was glad that she could not hear the terrible things that they must be saying about her and her co-defendants.

To Alicia's left, the tall blonde Countess Amelia White and her daughter Nicola stood straight-backed and impassive, ignoring the taunts of the crowd with patrician indifference. Out in the noble section of the onlookers, Alicia could see standing discreetly at the back the frowning countenance of Earl White, the Countess' husband and Nicola's father. It was largely due to his position and influence that all of the women had been as well treated as they had. It was said he had even pushed for them all to be released with merely a reprimand, or perhaps at most a day in the stocks, but the City Prefect - the Emperor's Representative - had decided that for justice to be seen to be done, no-one could be found to be above the law, not even the wives and daughters of Haven's elite. To Alicia's right, the scandalous Lady Penelope Ward simply smiled and looked brazenly around her, occasionally raising an eyebrow as she recognised someone, smirking when the person looked away so as not to meet her direct gaze. But others were less sure of themselves. The statuesque black Mistress Onyx looked down at the flagstones of the floor - as a freedwoman, her social standing was unlikely to ease any punishment upon her. Likewise her employer, the petite, dusky-skinned owner of the Haven Club, Madame Therese Mishra, looked pale and tight-lipped, while foreign dilettante Lady Sumiko was openly anxious, and looked nervously at the judges and the crowd, her big brown eyes trying to find some kind of mercy, but seeing little. For a brief moment, as she scanned the faces of the crowd, Alicia thought she caught a glimpse of her own father, Thomas DeKann, grey-haired head of the Merchant's Guild, but if it had been him he was soon lost among the onlookers again, and she was not able to catch his eye.

The Chief Justice cleared his throat theatrically and banged his staff of office on the flagstones a few times until the murmur of the crowd quietened down.

"Citizens of Haven," he intoned gravely. "We are gathered here to pass judgement upon these seven women. They were all arrested by the Emperor's men in a disorderly house, towit, the Haven Club in the Lower City. Testimony from many witnesses has spoken to their participation in prostitution contrary to Law, to miscegenation with lesser races, sex outside of marriage, fornication in proscribed manners," there was a brief burst of chuckles in the crowd at this reference to oral and anal sex, drawing an angry glare from the Chief Justice, "dressing contrary to their station and beneath the dignity of their houses, and evasion of curfew. There has been mitigating testimony from Earl White as to the previous good character of some of those present..." the Justice bowed in the direction of the Earl, who nodded gravely. "And the Court is bound to take these references into account in its deliberations. Nevertheless, these are serious charges, and the Court must temper its mercy with the needs of justice. Therefore, the decision of this court is as follows...

"Therese Mishra, the court finds you guilty of operating an unlicensed brothel and encouraging sexual relations between human and lesser races. You and your employee, the freedwoman known as Onyx, are sentenced to permanent slavery with hard labour." There was a slight gasp from the crowd, and Therese hung her head, defeated. Slavery with hard labour meant service in the mines. It was in effect a death sentence, as few slaves survived longer than six months, breaking rocks by day and being raped by their overseers by night, and the need for replacements was constant. "Your property is hereby forfeit and will be seized by the Crown. Take them away."

Guards appeared and marched Therese and Onyx out of the Hall of Justice, leaving the other women to look worriedly at each other, panic rising among them. This was definitely a bad sign.

"Countess White, Lady White, Lady Sumiko, Lady Ward, Mistress DeKann," the Justice continued. "The court recognises that your crimes are lesser, that you have been led astray by this immigrant to our shores, and that you are all of worthy families of this city or the wider Empire, and all previously known to be of good character, to which several here present have testified. However, as women of quality, it therefore is incumbent upon you to set a higher standard for the good people of Haven. You have all behaved in the most shameful manner in which a Lady can behave, and brought disgrace upon yourselves, your families, and your city. As you have pretended to the status of slaves while whoring yourselves for your own carnal enjoyment, the court sees fit to bestow upon you that station which you once thought to lightly adopt and discard as one might discard an item of clothing. You are hereby sentenced to permanent slavery. You will be sold at general auction at noon tomorrow, the proceeds to go to the Crown. This court is dismissed."

*****

The stunned women made no protest as their ankles were chained, and their hands manacled together, and they were led from the courtroom by mail-clad guards. Sumiko was sobbing, and though Nicola was trying to put a brave face on things, a tear rolled down her cheek.

"Mother," she whispered. "What will become of us?"

Countess Amelia was made of sterner stuff, and her face continued to betray no expression.

"Your father will buy us, I imagine," she said at length. "We will possibly even be freed, and then he will send us away somewhere where we will no longer be an embarrassment to him."

Nicola was horrified. "You mean... father will *divorce* you?"

"He does not need to," the Countess replied simply. "I am no longer his wife. I am a slave. My freedom - assuming he chooses to grant it - will not restore me to the situation that I once held. I imagine he will see to it that I will become a nun or something. He always did have a sense of humour."

"And..." Nicola lowered her voice, but Alicia could still hear her. "What of the others?"

"Don't worry about me," Lady Penelope drawled, self-assuredly. "I am sure that there are plenty of my admirers who would love to own me. To make me crawl to them." She looked almost happy at the prospect.

"But... Alicia," Nicola continued, unable to let it go. "And Sumiko. Who will buy them? "Do you think we could persuade father?"

"Your father has already exerted himself on our behalf more than I expected him to, considering that I cuckolded him with orcs and ruffians," Countess Amelia replied. "I am sorry, but I fear that their fate is in the lap of the Gods."

"Oh, Alicia!" Nicola hugged her childhood friend close, both girls' manacles chinking, and Alicia was glad of the contact. She blinked back a tear of self pity at what might happen to her tomorrow.

*****

They were returned to the holding cell in the basement where they had spent the past two nights since the raid. But this time there were no amenities, no freshly cooked food brought to them. Their hands and feet were shackled, and although they were permitted for now to keep their noble finery, there were heavy iron collars placed on their necks. They were officially no longer free women, but slaves - mere property, currently of the City Authorities, but tomorrow - who knew? 

The women passed a subdued evening, talking in a desultory way to try and distract themselves from what awaited them on the morrow. But later, as candles burned down and midnight approached, they received a distraction of an altogether more unwelcome kind. A group of several City Militia guardsmen, slightly the worse for wear with drink, tramped laughing into the cells beneath the Hall of Justice. A gold coin to the jailer and the key to the cells was passed over and the jailer himself decided to 'take a break' to 'stretch his legs'. The women cringed against the stone rear wall of the barred cell as the men approached, jingling the keys.

"Good evening, ladies," one of them slurred. "We thought you might like some company."

"Hurry up and get that lock open," another grumbled. "I have a key of my own that's boring a hole in my breeches and several pretty little locks that it needs to turn tonight."

"No, you cannot do this to us!" Lady Nicola protested. "We may now be sentenced to be sold as slaves, but we not *your* property! I caution you, my father will hear about this..."

"What, you'll fuck orcs but not fellow humans?" the first guard returned, angry now. "Fucking whores. Slave whores! We'll show you..." He began to fumble with the keys at the lock to the cell door, trying to turn it and open it, although in his inebriated state it took him a couple of attempts before he succeeded.

"Right now you're the property of the City," said another, "and we work for the City, last I noticed. So I think that means we own you for the time being. So get ready to spread your fucking legs and stop bitching, or your faces may not be so pretty when you're sold tomorrow. A black eye or a broken tooth won't make too much difference to your price."

At that threat the women shrunk back against the wall as the lock finally turned and the men swaggered into the cell. Nicola, Sumiko and Alicia sat huddled together on the wooden bench that was the only furniture in the cell, as if for protection, all three fearful and uncertain. Only Countess Amelia, well used to dealing with menial staff, stood her ground as the men entered, standing erect, staring imperiously into the eyes of the first guard, even though her hands and feet were chained. Lady Penelope stood behind her, wary but clearly not cowed either, an amused smirk as usual gracing her lips. The stare-down continued for a brief moment until the man reached up and took Amelia's face in his large right left and caressed her cheek with his right, holding her chin in a firm grip as he leaned forward and pressed his lips against her mouth. The defiance and certainty in her eyes wavered as his tongue probed her lips until she shudderingly surrendered, closing her eyes and letting his tongue slip inside her mouth. With one hand he reached down to stroke her breasts, slipping his fingers into the tight bodice of her dress. As all of the men and women watched, Countess Amelia made protesting noises against his drunken mouth, but to no avail. Lady Penelope, close behind the former noblewoman, felt her own excitement already building, and leant against her friend, cupping Amelia's buttocks through the woman's silken dress. 

"Let it happen, Amelia," she whispered. "It is surely no worse than anything we have done freely many times before, is it?"

The Countess' surrender broke whatever spell that her defiance had cast, and the men strode forward, fanning out into the cell. One of them approached the far bench, reaching down towards the protesting Lady Nicola, who shrunk back as he approached her. But he ignored her reticence, and simply reached down and took her by her arm, dragging her to her feet. 

"May I have this dance, my lady?" he slurred, slightly drunk, and pulled her into a close embrace that was a parody of a formal dance move, to general laughter from the other men. Next to where she had been sitting, Sumiko sat frozen, her dark eyes resigned, as another man appeared in front of her and fished in his trews for a stiffening cock, which he presented to her as if showing her an item she might wish to buy. Alicia, next to her could smell the man from where she sat, the alcohol and sweat, and wrinkled her face in distaste, but Sumiko remained expressionless as the cock was pushed at her face, and when it touched them, her lips obediently parted to admit it. The man took Sumiko's manacled hands and brought them up, guiding them to his jutting erection, closing them around the shaft and moving them back and forth to indicate that she should stimulate him with them in that way as he pushed his cock further into her soft throat. Sumiko's eyes betrayed a faraway look of resignation as the man released her hands and grabbed her silky black hair and began to thrust himself into her mouth faster and faster. Though his hands were no longer on hers, she continued mechanically moving hers back and forth on his member as he took hold of the back of her head and forced her deeper onto his cock.

"That's it," he grunted, "suck that, you foreign cunt."

More of the men were by now fishing cocks from their leather trews and starting to stroking them openly, enjoying the sight of one of their number being sucked as another kissed Amelia and a third held Nicola close to him. Unbidden, Penelope sidled across the cell to one of them, who was leaning against the wall, and slid gracefully into his arms, reaching down with her long slim fingers to begin caressing his cock, nuzzling her mouth into the man's neck and beginning to kiss him softly. The man grinned and put his arm around the willowy noblewoman.

"Take your tip from this bitch," he told the other women. "She knows what she truly is..."

Alicia had a ringside view as the third guardsman begin to thrust harder into Sumiko's mouth, seeing the bulge move in the eastern girl's throat with each motion, hearing every wet, sucking sound, every little "glk" that the other woman made, knowing that it would be her turn soon. The thrusting was becoming more violent now, and the guard's fists bunched in her hair as he began to hammer mercilessly at her mouth, spittle flying from her lips as they contacted his hairy balls at each stroke until with a final "aaaaarrggghhh!" he exploded down her throat, coating it with his hot seed. Seemingly almost frenzied by the orgasm, he started tearing at Sumiko's dress, ripping the bodice open and exposing her small, pert breasts, as she coughed his semen over her lips and chin to spatter down across those dusky breasts and her silken dress.

To his left, the guard 'dancing' with Nicola spun her around so that her back was to him, and held her tightly against him, enjoying the feel of her buttocks through the soft fabric of her dress against his urgent erection. He reached down and started pulling at her skirt, dragging it upwards, ripping seams and tearing it into strips as Nicola whimpered, a prisoner in his strong arms, until she could feel his cock pushing at her bottom and then pushing forward to rest, hot and throbbing, between her legs, her own moist pussy lips riding across the top of it, beginning to ooze her own sticky emissions as he sawed back and forth between her soft thighs, sighing at the sweet sensation.

"Yeah," he grunted. "Don't pretend you don't want this, you stuck-up bitch."

The first guard meanwhile had pushed Countess Amelia down to her knees, and, defeated, she had moved as he directed, no longer trying to resist the inevitable.

"Lick my boots you fucking slave slut," he told her. He started to masturbate himself as he watched the haughty blonde Countess look sadly around her and then begin to lower her head. Mere feet away, her daughter, still trapped by the men whose cock sawed teasingly against her moistening pussy lips, cried out, distraught at seeing her mother debase herself so.

"No, mother!" she called, "don't!"

But Amelia was coming to accept their fate as inevitable, and paid no attention, bowing her head low, blonde hair falling around her face as she lowered her lips to the guard's dirty boot and her pink tongue darted out to lick at it, tears coming to her eyes as she tasted the dirt on her tongue. Another guard moved around behind her and knelt down on the ground, pulling up her skirts to reveal her rounded, mature bottom. He started to spank it, the sound echoing through the stone cells, leaving red imprints of his hand on the Countess's ass as she continued to lick at the boot of the man in front of her, making no reaction to being spanked, intent instead upon her demeaning task. 

Sumiko sat dazed while the guard that had savagely fucked her mouth retreated to lean back against the wall, spent, but another soon took his place. This one was determined to take her in a different manner, and dragged her by her blonde hair down onto the dirty floor of the cell, pushing her onto her back and urgently tugging up her skirts to expose first her panties and then, as he ripped them casually from her, her little round ass and the little 'w' of her closely shaven pussy lips. He looked hungrily down upon them and pushed Sumiko's stockinged legs apart, forcing them as wide as he could in spite of the ankle chains that kept her feet only a few inches apart as he lowered himself upon her, continuing the work begun by the previous man of tearing at the bodice of her dress as he did so, until she was naked to the waist as well, publicly displaying her firm little breasts. He grabbed them both with rough, calloused hands, squeezing them greedily between his fingers, while guiding his cock to the entrance to her cunt, seeing that her lips were already a little slick with her own arousal, and pushed himself inside her. 

Still another at last approached Alicia, who had somehow so far escaped any direct attention from the guards. As she stared down at Sumiko, watching the oriental girl about to be fucked, she was aware of movement in the corner of her eye, and then a hot, blood-engorged cock connected with her soft cheek, dribbling little slime trails of pre-cum across it. She turned around, surprised, her mouth open, only to connect directly with its head and feel it slip into her mouth with a startled; "Mmmph!"

As soon as it was inside, the cock quickly moved deeper, deeper, and Alicia retched momentarily, her blonde head pressed back against the unyielding stone of the cell wall, as its thick length reached the back of her throat, her lips stretching around its girth, her mouth beginning to fill with saliva as she too submitted to this oral penetration. The guard ground his hips forward, enjoying the sight as her swelling breasts bounced with each thrust of his cock into her throat, her wet orifice stretching tightly around him, engulfing him, until he began to pick up the pace, fucking Alicia's throat with wet, retching noises, saliva trickling over her lips and chin and into her cleavage.
