 The Valley

Chapter 1

It was a normal hot sweaty dawn, typical of east Africa; even the early morning breeze had that hint of early morning stillness in it, promising another sweltering day ahead of us. I sat at breakfast on the veranda in my shorts and white shirt ready for another days work, as I gazed with utter loathing across the breakfast table at my wife Lydia. I could feel my hate for her welling up into my throat, and spoiling my appetite Yes, I had to admit she was beautiful, and today she seemed particularly so. She had just told me that today she was going to Mombassa for a few days shopping with Mandy and Dick some close friends of ours. I really could not care less; in fact I was very pleased to be free of her for a few days.

Our marriage was now an utter sham, and on my own I could enjoy a few days alone relaxing with my Jammarree our lovely African housemaid. Jammarree had appeared six weeks ago just as our previous maid had disappeared for no apparent reason. It had all happened when my wife was away on one of her extended shopping trips, so I had no hesitation in hiring her, and within a few hours she was, I was glad to say in my bed fucking my brains out.

Jammarree was still a total mystery, she was about 5, 6" tall slim with perfectly moulded features and spoke almost perfect English with no hint of a native accent. She had lovely aquiline features with a perfect copper coloured skin. She moved almost effortlessly and seemed to materialize from nowhere just when you needed her. It fact it was almost uncanny how she seemed to anticipate my every need, whatever it may be... She would meticulously avoid any questions about her personal life, and when I persisted in questioning her she would smile enigmatically, and just move away.

The other mystery where Jammarree was concerned was that I had no doubt that since we had been making love my cock seemed to have grown longer and thicker. There was no logical medical reason for that to have happened. Its size and girth was now at times embarrassing and was creating a problem for me to hide those unexpected erections which most men have from time to time and always seemed to happen in awkward circumstances and without warning. I also seemed to have developed an increased level of stamina, which was something I did appreciate very much, and which with Jammarree I needed and very much enjoyed.

I knew what I was talking about, because originally I had qualified in medicine just before my parents had died. I had practiced as general Practitioner in the UK for a few years, but following the reading of my parents will and having inherited a small fortune. I decided to take up flying as a career, and founded my own flying school and plane hire facility here in Africa. I had a good team of managers and it largely ran itself.

My wife Lydia and I had for the past few weeks been sleeping in different rooms, a good distance apart from one another in our large home. Our marriage once very happy, had suddenly deteriorated so rapidly that I could not put a finger on what, and when the deterioration had started. Suddenly, it was as though we hated the sight of each other, and could not stand to be in the other persons company.

Every night now after the house had settled down I would find the beautiful Jammarree slipping into bed with me; sex with her had taken me to new heights of ecstasy, and each night she always seemed to produce something new in her sexual repertoire. This morning just before she left me to get breakfast she had informed me that she was having my child. This was quite a shock, but as I had no children from my marriage with Lydia, and it seemed fairly clear to me at this stage, that our marriage was doomed to failure I was not particularly upset.

The final breakdown had occurred shortly before Jammarree had appeared. Lydia had increasingly been spending more and more time away from me, and like today she would take a plane from my hire fleet, and fly herself down to Mombassa and stay with one or other of our many European friends.

That day at breakfast we barely spoke, she had driven away to the airport for her jaunt to Mombassa without any goodbyes. I followed shortly afterwards, just in time to see her plane take-off. I checked that her flight plan had been lodged, and I took off in my own Cessna to Nairobi and another day's work.

It was that mid morning when I got a call from Tina a friend of ours asking when I was going to call in and see her. She told me that Roger had gone to Mombassa on business for a few days. Tina and Roger her husband had been a close friend of ours for some time and he was a very successful business man, and a good pilot in his own right. I finished work at lunch time, and dropped by late that afternoon on my way from the airport to check to see how she was doing... She was as usual looking lovely as she greeted me, kissing me on the cheek but I thought she looked a little tense. Casually she asked after Lydia and I gave a perfunctory answer.

"I came over to see if you were alright, you seemed a little distressed when we spoke earlier. Lydia is away and I could do with some female company. How are you anyway" I asked?

"Fat, tired and sore, but other than that I'm okay." 

"You're about ready to have the baby aren't you?" 

"Yep, next month, and if he don't come out then, I am going to have a fit." 

"How do you know it's going to be a he?" 

"Oh I don't know." 

"Maybe it'll be a she and she'll be as beautiful as her mother." I murmured

She blushed coyly, and took a playful swipe at me. She took my hand and led me into the lounge where she had some cold drinks waiting for us.

"Well right now I don't feel so pretty. I feel fat and my sides hurt. It hurts when I sit, or lay down and it definitely hurts for me to walk." 

I decided that perhaps I could help a little and went and stood behind her.

"Here this will help." 

"What are you doing?" 

"I'm going to massage your sides. They hurt because you aren't quite used to carrying all that weight around and it makes your muscles sore and this will make them feel a little better." 

"Oh God! Tony that does feels good. Where did you learn that?" 

"Oh its was all part of my medical training long long ago?." I said with a laugh

"Yes and you are a good doctor I cannot understand why you packed it in ."

"Oh I got bored, and when I got left all that money by my parents I took on flying as a living, but I still keep up to date with medicine, you never know I may want to go back to it. someday"

"Is their any hope for you and Lydia" She asked. 

"No, I think not - we have grown apart too much, I think we are finished." I said massaging her sides. 

She fell silent to enjoy the massage, I stood behind her with my hands rubbing her sides. 

"Why did you never come on to me? I was crazy about you - still am come to that." She said shyly.

"I was married, remember." 

"Didn't you fool around, I thought all men fooled around on their wives." 

"I didn't until recently, but now I think my marriage is finished I am not quite so fussy?" 

"She showed me an envelope. Your Lydia has fucked off with my Roger. They are flying home to England today, but Roger has said he will support me and the baby. But now she has gone I would like to think that your place will be here with me."

"Why did you not tell me before?"

"I thought you knew and were just saying nothing."

"No this is the first I have heard about it. I said as I tried to fathom out the consequences.

Just then my mobile rang. It was Jammarree."

"What time are you coming home tonight Tony? "She asked. And without pausing she added 

"Mistress has gone; she has taken most of her clothes with her." 

"I will be with you soon" I told her.

I turned to Tina "Look honey it's too soon to do anything, until we get more facts. I will keep in touch and see you are OK."

When I arrived home Jammarree greeted me at the door with a big smile.

"Missus left you a note and the airport just rang you." 

She handed me an envelope and it was Lydia telling me that she and Roger were returning to England, and she wanted a divorce as soon as possible. For the first time ever, Jammarree was waiting with a whisky for me. 

"I have moved my clothes into our bedroom Tony "she said.

I looked at her in amazement "You are my man now and tomorrow we get a new housemaid." 

She walked to the kitchen before I could comment, and then I thought to myself well why not?

Just then the telephone call to the airport left me in a further state of shock. Air traffic control had reported that my wife's plane had blown up in mid-air as they were crossing the coast, and that there were no survivors. They were very sympathetic, but at first I felt a sense of relief and then I felt a pang of remorse. This had been the woman I had once loved, and there were some good memories that I could not, or would not ever forget. 

I then had to ring Tina; her reaction surprised me a little. 

"Well perhaps it is all for the good now darling we have no messy divorce, and you can move in here anytime you want."

.I was a bit taken aback. "No Tina - we have to let a little time pass at least. I loved Lydia once, and that I can not forget the good times we shared."

Three Days later

I had been swamped by messages of condolence from what seemed to be half the population - not only friends but business acquaintances as well, and it had been very hard for me to concentrate on work of any sort. My personal assistant was a young African business graduate called Angie. She had had been a tower of strength and had managed to intercept a lot of the calls and messages.

There was no body to have a funeral over which left me with a strange empty feeling, Observers reported that the plane had just exploded in mid air, and there were very few recognizable pieces that could be salvaged.

I looked out of the office window my mind in a whirl as for the twentieth time I went through the impending changes in my life. Jammarree had also been very supportive, but I knew that she had never liked my wife; she had done her best to help me forget. But even she had disappeared suddenly yesterday leaving me a brief note.

"Urgent business darling .See you soon. Keep away from the maid."

I was staring at the street below but not really seeing anything, just staring into space and then I became aware of a young gorgeous black girl. I assumed she was a whore smiling up at me. I had never seen her before, and she was absolutely drop dead gorgeous. She had on a bright red dress which came to about three inches above her knees, and the top was so low it was almost at the level of her nipples on her very ample breasts.

She was looking up at me and smiling, she was constantly chewing on a piece of gum, but as I watched she deliberately put her hand down and lifted her short skirt and I could see she was not wearing any panties. She held the skirt up for about 30 seconds and I could see that she had a shaven vagina. It was a clear invitation, and I felt my erection rising, and suddenly I found myself walking out of the office. I told Angie that I would be back in about an hour.

I ran down the stairs and to my dismay by the time I had got there she was gone and then I looked up the street just in time to see her wave to me, and disappear round the corner into a side street. I walked quickly up to the corner and looked down the street, and there she was outside a bar waiting for me. Once she was sure that I had seen her she turned and entered the bar. I reached the bar a few seconds later and she was sat on a bar stool with two drinks a beer for me and some sort of cocktail for herself.

A black bar man smiled briefly at me, and then left the bar by the front door shutting it and locking it behind him.

"Hi Tony," she said. I am Felicity, as she tucked her arm in mine and cuddled up close to me, Jammarree sent me to keep you company - I'm her cousin and she says that you are a number one stud, and will not last the day without getting rid of some of your juices, so honey I'm just waiting here to pleasure you."

I knew that it was the right thing for me to do and I took her in my arms. She reached up and pulled my head down kissing me with those luscious large lipstick covered African lips. Her free hand felt for my cock and she smiled happily as she felt the bulge.

"Jammarree was sure right honey, she sure knows her men. I reckon that there porky of yours is going to shoot in your pants unless I gets to work damn quick." 

Without waiting any longer she took my hand and we went into the back room where their was a large bed. Locking the door behind us she whispered.

"Tony I have got all day and all night to attend to your needs. We don't have to hurry. "

While she was talking she says "I know all about you. Jammarree says she had you retooled; she has sure done a good job as this is the biggest porky I have ever seen on any buck. "

She reached up and kissed me and somehow her lips sticky with lipstick and her exploring tongue drove me wild with passion. She stepped back and her dress was lying on the floor and she stood naked in front of me.

Now I could see her properly, she wasn't tall, nor was she short. She had natural curves that put any other woman except Jammarree I have known to shame she had long, thick straight hair that hung down to the middle of her back and a pair of fantastic lips. Her tiny bust was in complete proportion to her thin waist and slim legs and her buttocks were definitely in the world class.

She snuggled up to me and mashed her now naked tits into my chest. She looked up at me coyly and said. 

"Well, Tony do you like what you see so far?" 

We embraced passionately our tongues darting back and forth between our mouths. We eventually broke and I could see that she seemed completely mesmerised by the size of my cock. She was noticeably staring at it while licking her lips, seemingly unconsciously. Then she wrapped her tiny hand about half way around it in the middle of my length, kneeling down she opened her mouth wide and took it into her mouth and just about managed, with some help from me, to take my huge cock all the way into her throat.  

Her tongue was roving all over my shaft and she was swallowing, which made her throat act like a pussy and milk my cock as she bobbed her head up and down the length of my large cock. After about five minutes and despite all my recently acquired self control I could not control myself any longer, and I came in her talented mouth. After I stopped cumming, she licked my cock clean. 

I never lost my full erection, and I decided that it was time to go the whole way. She got down on the bed on her hands and knees and I mounted her from behind. I gently worked my cock into her love tunnel gently. From her murmurs and moans she was being stretched much more than she had ever been stretched in her life. To that end, she moaned in a mixture of pleasure and pain as my cock slid into her.

But it was just at that very instant, when my cock had gone as far as it could, that she went over the edge with the most intense, longest and most violent orgasm that I had ever experienced from any woman before. She bellowed out her pleasure, as her entire body froze for a moment as the orgasm washed over her, then her whole body seemed to shake and for a moment I wondered whether she was having a fit, while her pussy spasmed violently and tried to drain my cock of all of my sperm... 

Without any prodding from me she began fucking herself on the end of my cock as fast and as hard as she could in the throes of her orgasm. While she began fucking me, I grabbed onto a tit with each of my hands and just held on for dear life. Felicity for the next two minutes was a woman possessed as she rapidly fucked herself on my long, thick cock. It was obvious that she was getting extreme pleasure from our love making as of course was I. After she slowed down, signifying that her orgasm had died down, I took over control of our movements, forcing her to time her thrusts with mine. 

By now I was pushing my long, thick cock fully into her cunt, my prick head continually bottoming out inside of her. While previously I had just latched onto her breasts, I was now grasping tightly her engorged nipples, pinching, pulling and twisting them viciously. I had only shot off into her once, at the very end of our marathon fuck session. When I did finally blow, she had another intense, orgasm and then seemed to pass out from the sheer intensity of it.

When she came to, I was laying on the bed next to her, still trying to catch my breath. She looked down at my still fully erect cock, now covered with both of our sex juices and she said, straight from her heart" "Thank you Tony!"

She turned and put her arms across me. "Look honey tomorrow we go together to meet Jammarree. Now you go and make sure that your Angie can run your business for a few weeks without you, and then come straight back to me."

I wondered briefly how she knew that my P A was called Angie and how she seemed to know so much about me. But somehow I did not really care if I was to be together with my beloved Jammarree.

After an hour with Angie sorting out the business, I met Felicity as arranged, but this was a different Felicity, no longer was she the brazen African whore of earlier in the day. She spoke now like a well educated woman, she was decisive about everything she did. Her dress sense had completely changed from being sluttish to wearing a light grey ladies business suit and her make up was applied sensibly and not overdone. 

It was a long pleasurable night for both of us, and it was about 10.00 am the next morning when we took off from Nairobi airport. I had filed my flight plan under Felicity's instructions for Mombassa indicating that I would be landing on a private air strip and so I had headed in that direction. We had been airborne for about twenty minutes when Felicity told me to go on automatic pilot and leave the controls. I took some convincing and very gingerly I let go convinced that I would have to take control again quickly and then to my amazement I realised the plane was flying itself. Reluctantly I joined Felicity in the cabin

After a further ten minutes I saw a valley opening up below me. It was something I had never seen before and as far as I knew was not on any charts I had ever seen, and then to my amazement the plane without anyone at the controls began to ease down to an airstrip which seemed to have just appeared. 

The plane landed quietly and efficiently without any help from me, and taxied to come to a halt in font of what appeared to be a hanger. We disembarked, and then as I watched the Cessna taxied forward into the hanger the doors shut quietly, and I turned to look in amazement at Felicity. When I looked back the hanger and the runway had disappeared.

"Welcome to Tyros Earth Station Tony." Felicity said looking up at me with a smile on her face. Your Princess will be with us shortly I wondered what was happening to me, and I felt little tremors of expectation going through my body. I could not believe that Jammarree would wish to hurt me, or come to that Felicity either.

The sun was shining brightly yet the temperature was not excessively hot. There was a cool breeze and it was quite pleasant. I became aware of a slight humming and within seconds a small space craft had landed just a few feet away. A door appeared in the side and a sort of ramp appeared and then I saw Jammarree appear she walked towards me with her arms outstretched. She hugged me and kissed me as if we had not seen each other for months. 

I noticed that her belly seemed more swollen than when I had last seen her. "Tony dear welcome to Tyros Earth Station.
