 Four months and now Prince Draeseth was coming to collect her. Dresses were packed, everything she might want in Torga, including a year's supply of dried silphium, as expensive as it was, was ready to be taken to the royal palace. The gift she'd had made for Draeseth was hidden away in there as well.

Isonei felt more excited and nervous than she'd expected, she alternated between smiling stupidly and chewing on her lip. Her father, on the other hand, had been stalking around silently like a specter of rage. Prince Andnaeuth had promised him she wouldn't be sent to Torga but the Torgan prince had been persistent.

Prince Draeseth had petitioned both kings relentlessly, had sought out every legal recourse in Ara. Isonei had chosen to stay that morning, and she'd chosen to go with him to Torga. That she'd been prevented had not been well looked upon by the priests and the courts, though they had understood the King's reservations.

Smoothing her gown, a pale slate blue with silver embroidery, modest by the standards of Aran fashion, without alluring slits to show a different color beneath. It would have been prudish if the bodice had come any higher. Isonei tried not to look at her father's stony face.

"Prince Andnaeuth is looking forward to seeing you again." Ialath broke the silence in the carriage. "I think he's taken with you, Isonei. He's been asking after his mischievous minx."

"If she wanted a Prince she could have one closer to home, it's a beast she's taken with." Ivorith, her eldest brother ground out with annoyance.

"If I'd known he was a prince I would've been less inclined to drink with him. But he's sweet, not beastly, at least to me." She struggled not to chew her lip, it would be nice to be able to kiss Draeseth when she saw him.

"That he's Torgan should have been deterrent enough." Her father spat into the pause. "Feyrith has been begging me for forgiveness. But you should have had better sense, Isonei. And to stay with him at dawn, I never thought you stupid."

"He's charming and I've never even wanted to consider it with anyone else. I stayed because he made me want to. I'm not stupid, father." His words burned and she gnawed on her inner lip as she tried to keep her eyes from welling.

"It's too late, even if you can bring her to her senses, father." Ialath gently headed off the angry retort they'd both known was coming. Her brother had told her, Prince Andnaeuth had wanted her treated with care. All it changed was that her father had been mostly silent instead of vocal with his anger and disappointment.

The rest of the journey passed in cold silence. Staring out at the passing scenery, Isonei let her mind wander. Andnaeuth had tried to persuade her not to wait for Draeseth. He'd been wretchedly charming and had wanted to keep her at the palace. Going home to her father had been her doing. Waiting and maintaining exclusivity was harder when someone you liked was there, eager for a chance, and the one you were waiting for was far away.

He'd been disappointed. But he'd written and made her promise to write back. Perseverance seemed to be a princely trait. On paper, it had been easy to confide in him about her strange feelings toward Draeseth, and in return, the prince had written of hating the preparations and expectations of being crown prince. Neither one of them had anyone else they could confess such things to.

She felt like she knew Andnaeuth better than she knew Draeseth. It made her worry if she'd still feel the same way when she saw Draeseth again, or if she'd be wishing she'd stayed to be with Andnaeuth. That was something she hadn't told him, he was upset enough about her being sent to Torga, that had been clear in his last letter.

Arriving at the palace, Isonei almost laughed to see Andnaeuth waiting with all the dignity of a bored child. He leaned against the guard and it looked as though he might be describing something lewd from his gestures and the way the man was trying maintain his composure.

The footman opened the carriage door and helped Isonei out first. Putting her hand on her hip she stepped toward the prince. Andnaeuth's face split in a grin.

"Did you miss me, my merry maid? I've been insufferable since you abandoned me." His embrace swept her off of her feet and made her laugh.

"You mean you weren't insufferable when I was here?" Isonei teased him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"If you gave me better kisses I might try harder to be sufferable." He made her shriek with laughter as he closed his eyes and puckered ridiculously trying to land a kiss on her face before pulling her hand up and kissing it with an impish grin. "You are so lovely when your smiling face is flushed from laughter."

"She's like her mother that way." Her father spoke quietly.

"Lord Eliorith, please forgive me for greeting the Lady Isonei first." Prince Andnaeuth inclined his head pulling Isonei to stand demurely at his side.

"There is nothing to forgive. I only wish I were bringing her to you instead of the Beast of Kroscur." His pointed look made her realize she was biting the inside of her lip again.

"I also wish that." Andnaeuth's smile flickered for a moment. "But she will be back for the next festival. The agreement is clear." He gestured toward the large door that was being opened, "If it would be acceptable, I'd like to monopolize the Lady for an hour or so before dinner?"

"Please." Her father smiled faintly. "I'm sure you have a great deal to discuss, she's always writing to you it seems."

"You raised a woman who keeps her word, my lord. I made her promise to write as often as she could." Andnaeuth beamed and pulled her a little closer. Isonei stood quietly until her brothers and father had gone. "You've gone quiet, my mischief maker."

"That's the first time I've seen him not look furious since the news of my," Isonei took a deep breath, "upcoming travel to Torga came." She ran her tongue over the soreness of her inner lip.

"The magic of being with the crown prince," his rueful smile made her shake her head and lean against his side. "I wouldn't mind it, if you were actually with me. I've cursed your father more often than not for raising a daughter that keeps her word. That, my Isonei, is what I need to speak to you about." He led her into the gardens.

"You don't want me to make promises to Draeseth."

"No, I certainly don't." He glanced at her with a smile, swinging her arm as they walked. "From what you told me of him, I know he'll try to persuade you. He made it clear he wants to marry you." The swinging stopped and he squeezed her hand pausing to look at her. "It has, however, been made clear to him that marriage is not on the table. A marriage of a Lady of a noble house to a member of the Torgan royal family, or any Torgan Lord for that matter, requires my father's permission. I need you to know that."

She studied his uncharacteristically solemn face. "I will bear that in mind." Isonei reached out and lightly touched his face.

"Your father isn't the only one angry about you leaving. I understand why you went home, I applaud your devotion. I just wish it was to me."

"I know. I'm..." Isonei tasted blood as she bit her inner lip again. So much for being able to kiss Draeseth.

"Tell me. I'm dying to know if you're excited or terrified." Andnaeuth was trying to put on a more cheerful face.

"Both." Looking at him carefully, she asked, "Are you-are you sure you want to ask?"

"No. But I need to. If the one person I can confide in can't speak to me I'm failing miserably at this." He pulled her into an alcove and held her tightly. "Tell me."

Sighing and leaning into his chest she spoke quietly. "I'm excited and afraid. I want to see him again. But I'm afraid that I might not feel the same way when I do. I'm afraid I might spend the rest of the year wishing I were here with you instead of enjoying my time with him."

His heartbeat had quickened. "I have hoped and dreamt you might say that. Though, it was usually followed by you climbing into my bed wearing nothing but my cap of bells."

Isonei couldn't resist it. "You are horrible your majesty. I'd wear the bell collar, not the cap."

Andnaeuth started to laugh and kissed her head. "You're the horrible one, my queen of fools. Teasing your poor king that way. I have to wait months now, imagining you in my bells before I can beg you to drink from my cup and come to bed with me."

"Are you going to attend without your bells?" She lifted her head and looked at his grinning face.

"Never. But I'll have a cup and I'll be pestering you all night if you give me even the slightest reason to hope."

Poking his chest as she looked at him, "Don't forget the wine to go in it."

He crowed, the sound made her feel lighter. Andnaeuth was gifted at that, lightening hearts. "I won't, my mischievous minx. No other woman has matched me so well." His hand cupped her face and he looked exultant for a moment. "Swear to me you won't agree to stay in Torga, and you'll have your silphium. Religiously. I can't bear the thought that he might steal you away."

"I will return for the festival, I already swore that to my father. If I have to walk from Torga I will be home for the festival. And I will have my silphium, in my food or as tea, daily. I promise you." Isonei smiled up at him. Pointing out that he'd been the one trying to steal her from Draeseth was on the tip of her tongue and Andnaeuth's eyes were sparkling waiting for it.

"ISONEI!" Draeseth's impressive bellow made her jump.

"I suppose your father told him you were with me in the garden," Andnaeuth muttered sourly. "I wanted more time with you."

"I know." With a regretful smile, she gave him another kiss on the cheek. "I need to go see him. I need to find out."

"I'll come with you. Whether you feel the same for him or not, I'm-"

"ISONEI!" The ring of fury and urgency in his voice set her moving toward it.

The gardens were like a maze, Andnaeuth had to take her by the elbow and guide her. The look on his face said he thought he was an idiot for doing it. As they rounded a hedge, she saw Burgath and Draeseth by the Torgan shrub as they had been the last time. And once again Draeseth was being chided.

"She'll be delivered to you at dinner, there's no need to scream for her in the garden."

"I don't want her with that jester." Draeseth spat the word and even from the back she could see the way his hands clenched.

"You aren't wrong to worry, she has a soft spot in her heart for fools." Andnaeuth interrupted them, causing both of the Torgans to turn to face them.

The look on Draeseth's face as his eyes settled on her made her stomach flutter. "My jewel. You look..." He held out his hand in invitation and she was moving forward to take it without thinking.

The closer she came she could see the black on black embroidery on his doublet, flowering vines. They reminded her of his tattoo. Isonei met his eyes with a smile and saw him take a breath of relief.

As she took hold of his hand he stepped forward and pulled her into an ardent kiss that made her lip burn. He was scowling when he pulled away. "You've been chewing on your lip, my jewel. Do you still fear coming to Torga?"

"I've been both excited and afraid to see you today, Draeseth. My family is not happy, the journey here was..." he pulled her lip out and away from her teeth as she paused and started to apply them to the bloodied inner lip. "It was largely silent after my father made his feelings clear."

Draeseth's scowl faded. "Forgive me for being cross, Isonei. Have you gotten my letters?"

Her head tilted. "No. I didn't know you had written any. I would have written back."

He pulled her close pressing her face into his doublet as he began speaking in Torgan.

"Speak our tongue, it saves me the trouble of translating for her." Andnaeuth sounded as though he were sharpening his tongue to strike. "He wants me to know that he blames me for keeping his letters from you. I sent them to you with your brother."

Turning to face Andnaeuth she ran her tongue over her inner lip. "He only gave me your letters."

"I don't believe he sent them. The jester means to steal you." Draeseth's voice was a low snarl of displeasure.

"I do. If Prince Andnaeuth says he sent them with my brother, I'm certain he did." Isonei rested her hand on his arm as he pulled her closer back against him.

"You aren't trying to persuade me that he doesn't want to steal you, my jewel." This close Draeseth smelled like leather and spices again, and very faintly of horse.

"She can't." Andnaeuth moved closer. "Isonei is well aware that I adore her and that I regard you as the one doing the stealing. That she waited for you has driven me almost mad with jealousy." His smile was as sharp as a blade. "But she will return for the next festival and I look forward to dancing with her again."

She opened her mouth to tease him about their dance at the festival months earlier, but before she could get the words out Draeseth swept her up like a child and stalked back toward the palace. Over his shoulder, she noticed Burgath remained behind to speak to Andnaeuth. Saying goodbye would have to wait until after dinner and it would probably not be private.

Draeseth didn't speak or slow until the door to his room was shut behind them, even then he didn't put her down. He stood in the middle of the room holding her as if he were afraid he would wake and it would be a dream if he took another step.

"Is something wrong?" Isonei looked up at him with concern.

"If I take you to the bedroom or the bath, we won't be attending dinner. But I need you. I need to know you've thought of me." His deep voice was softened by pain.

"If you have my things I can help with that." Lightly stroking his cheek, she watched him close his eyes and sigh before lowering her feet to the floor and pointing toward the bedroom.

Her things were neatly stacked, out of the way, but the chest she needed was on the bottom. "The one I need is on the very bottom." She glanced at him in the doorway and he looked as though she were asking him to walk through fire. Gently she offered, "I can try to move them if you're not-"

"I'll move them. My head is swimming with thoughts of you being taken from me. Of you choosing to drink and dance with anyone else. Joining you in the bedroom without being able to have you yet is torture for me." The chests were moved easily as she tried to think of a way to respond.

She felt unsure and her stomach twisted nervously as she knelt to open the chest, carefully pulling out the flat, dark wooden box. "I had this made for you. I'd intended to give it to you in Torga." Isonei rose with as much grace as she could muster. "I was told that it's a common gift from a woman to one she cares for. Perhaps I should give it to you in the other room?"

He left the chests as they were and gestured back toward the door. His face was unreadable.

Outside of the bedroom she turned and offered him the box, studying his face. "Open it."

"The one giving the gift opens the box." He smiled faintly.

Smiling and shaking her head, she turned the box and opened it before presenting the knife to him. The prettily patterned damascus blade had a black handle. The guard was engraved with flowers, the kind that his wine was made from, she'd been clear about that. And she'd had a silvery jewel set into one side of the pommel. The other bore a silver token with his tattoo carved delicately into it.

His dark eyes glittered as he lifted it from the box and turned it in his hands. "This is... you drew my tattoo for the silversmith?"

"Yes. I was drawing it from memory, I hope I didn't get anything wrong." Stepping closer to point to the flowers, "I had him engrave the flowers that go into the flower wine you-"

Draeseth cut her off with an urgent kiss backing her toward the sofa. It made her lip sting and burn but she returned it, dropping the box and touching his face. Pushing her down on her back on the sofa, he pinned her and kissed her neck hungrily. "This is a wedding gift, woman. A gift from a new wife to her husband on their wedding night. It cuts the bonds that bind her to her family and joins them together as one."

"I didn't know that. I just wanted to give you something to show you that I was thinking of you, something you would like."

"I like it." He was breathlessly biting and kissing her neck and down to the edge of her bodice. "I will use it for its purpose. You are mine Isonei." The knife was held flat against her arm in his grip.

"Maybe put the knife down while you kiss me?" Isonei teased him gently. "I remember how excited you get, my flower wine."

He laughed, burying his face in her bodice. "I'm holding it so that I don't tear your dress off and spend the rest of the time I'm forced to be in Ara begging you to milk my cock with your perfect cunny." The blush on his face as he looked up at her made her grin and try to bend to kiss him.

"I love that you blush, and that you sound like you've been practicing saying that."

"Woman. Tease me anymore and I'll be hilt deep in you before you're ready for me."

The feeling of eagerness for him was there, and the nervousness was gone. Her face flushed as she murmured, "Put the knife down. It's been too long and I want you, I want to taste you and feel you, my flower wine."

"You... Woman." The knife hit the floor and the skirt of her gown was being pushed up eagerly. Draeseth's hand pressed to the thin piece of fabric covering her already wet and very willing sex. "Desire." He growled as he began to rub against it.

"For you, for you, my flower wine." Her fervent whisper as she tilted her hips brought a low growling groan from him and he tore the fabric away with a violent jerk. "Draeseth!"

"Mine. You are mine." His fingers traced over and around her sensitive nub before slipping inside her. Pulling his hand back, he licked his fingers with a groan and began to open his black pants. "I can't wait."

"I don't want you to." Sitting up, Isonei helped him pull his impressive member free, stroking it and lightly running her thumb over the thick dark head. "Have you gotten larger?"

"Woman." Draeseth was pulling her up onto his lap as he leaned, sitting back on the sofa.

As she was easing herself down onto him, he was pulling at the fasteners of her gown. "Always so impatient." She teased softly and his face split into a grin as he lifted his hips trying to push deeper.

"I have waited months. Months to have my Isonei wrapped around me." The fasteners gave and he pulled her bodice down. After helping him free her arms, she let him push her silver chemise up, caressing her pale blue skin beneath it. "Months to touch..."

Pulling the chemise off over her head, Isonei rolled her hips taking him deeper and using her thighs to move herself up and down his shaft. He was already throbbing inside her. "Too long." She moaned out.

Bearing down as she pressed her hands into his doublet, his hands were now gripping her hips under the folds of the ruined dress and setting the rhythm. She could feel her face flushed with the heat of desire. The feeling of him opening and stretching her tight around him was such an exquisite feeling all she wanted to do was enjoy it for as long as he could last.

"Your hand. Woman. I've dreamt." He closed his eyes stilling her hips. "Isonei."

"I don't know if you can last that long, this is enough for now, my flower wine. The way you feel..." She kissed his throat above the edge of his doublet.

"No." His eyes opened and his face flushed as his fingers dug more sharply into her hips. "Put your little blue fingers to work, woman. I need to feel your pleasure. I've ached for you, and for that feeling." There was no arguing with the look of determination on his face. He looked as though he might pull away in anger if she refused again.
