 Isonei's stomach was knotted as Daeira took her into her rooms. Draeseth was going to be beside himself until she was back in his sight. If he'd just let her-

"You look worried, Isonei." Daeira smiled warmly at her as her maids bustled fetching a gown and shoes that should fit. "My father may be able to shorten the time you spend with the Torgan further if you ask at dinner tonight."

"No, that isn't why I'm..." She shook her head as Daeira's smile faded.

"She's worried about Draeseth, that he's going to be upset and hurt that she came with us willingly." Isonei blinked as she heard Andnaeuth speaking from the doorway. She turned to look at him as he smiled coming closer. "My poor bruised fruit."

"As soon as I saw the marks he'd left I knew you were going to call me that again." Her lips twisted wryly. "I don't know what possessed him to think that shoeless with my hair undone was acceptable for dinner."

"I doubt dinner was on his mind. You are the only thing he wanted to eat. If he weren't trying to devour my queen of fools I'd offer to teach him the proper way to do it." Andnaeuth ran his finger over the marks on her neck, looking both angry and envious for a moment.

"He probably thought they'd be sent back to his room. I think it was threatened once if the Torgans didn't dress appropriately." Daeira sighed sourly.

"Dinner will not be cut short. If anything I will drag it out to steal back the moments he robbed me of in the garden." The spiteful smirk on his face made her poke at his side. Andnaeuth clasped his hands over his heart. "Does my own pain mean nothing?"

"You know that it does. And that I can't bear cruelty or spite." She watched his eyes soften as his expression became more genuine.

"Sister, I need a moment alone." He took Isonei by the hands pulling her toward the small room housing Daeira's dresses.

"Brother! You still need to go tell father why we're late. And that brute is going to be frothing at the mouth the longer it takes."

"Let him froth. I sent a guard to tell father. I need a moment with Isonei."

Pulling her into the room and closing the door, he dragged her to the back of it, pushing her between some of the dresses. "Isonei. I don't want you to go. I know that you chose and that the choice is being upheld no matter what I want, but it's driving me mad to see you chewed on," He tried to put on his jester's smile, "by anyone but me."

Nodding and wrapping her arms around his waist, she let him draw her into an embrace like the one in the alcove earlier. It felt so perfectly right to let him hold her close. "I adore you both. I hate that by staying or going I'm hurting one of you."

He kissed her hair and stroked it, running his fingers through it. "I keep trying to console myself, you'll be coming home to me. But I know that he'll try to keep you. The one person who lets me feel what I feel..." His voice dropped to a breathless whisper as if he were speaking scandalously, "The one person who would let me bite into her like a plum."

Isonei started laughing, unable stop for a moment. "Why is it I have such a fondness for horrible men?" Lifting her head, she saw the giddily adoring smile on his face and wished she was able to have them both.

His fingertips tilted her face up slightly farther as he leaned in to kiss her. "Let me steal one kiss before you go, my queen of fools."

Kissing him was nothing like Draeseth's hungry urgent kisses. Andnaeuth's kiss was tender yearning paired with skilled passion. The kiss of a man who knew exactly how to please with the brush of his tongue and the pressure of his lips. When he broke the kiss she was breathless and flushed.

"I have a gift for you, Isonei." From the pocket of his elegant grey doublet, he pulled a small velvet pouch. He shook it, letting her hear the faint jingle.

"One of your bells?" The smile that was splitting her face was almost painful and she couldn't make it stop.

He grinned exultantly, "I knew you would like it."

The door snapped open letting Daeira's exasperated voice come back to them clearly, "Brother, you've had all the time you can have. She needs to dress and we need to go to dinner."

Reluctantly, Andnaeuth pulled her back toward the door, pressing the pouch into her palm. "I made certain you had a year's worth of silphium, in case he should try to delay you in returning..."

"That's why I brought all of it." Isonei squeezed his hand reassuringly. "But I don't plan on being late for the festival. Someone," she tapped his forearm, "once told me I keep my word annoyingly well."

"If you stop I'll never forgive you." His rueful smile faded as the door opened and his sister appeared again. "We're coming out, Daeira. No need to-"

"The Torgan is standing outside of my door." Daeira's face was pinched and her scowl was almost as intimidating as Draeseth's could be. "One of the maids just stepped out to make certain we'd have a guard when we leave in a moment and the poor thing nearly fainted. He's glowering as if he can burn the door down with his stare."

"He's upset. He'll calm." Isonei offered with a sigh as she started to bite her inner lip.

"I hate to sound like him, my poor bruised fruit, but stop biting your lip." Andnaeuth stroked her cheek. "Out of your clothes, and do it slowly for me?" He waggled his eyebrows.

Daeira scoffed, pushing him back into the room with the dresses. "Over there Isonei, change quickly."

"Thank you." Isonei glanced at Andnaeuth, shaking her head trying not to laugh at his antics. He was playing the jester again almost capering in the closet trying to catch a glimpse as she was helped out of her dress.

She blinked in surprise as the maid pulled her chemise off to replace it with one of a more suitable color. Pressing her lips together she hoped that the marks Draeseth had left on her hips weren't visible outside of her undergarment.

"Were you trying to escape that he gripped you so hard?" Daeira's shocked murmur told her that some, at least, most certainly were.

"I bruise easily and he's very enthusiastic." She could feel her cheeks flushing as Andnaeuth pushed past his sister to touch the marks.

"If you're as forgiving when I leave marks on you, you may never be unbruised again," he murmured into her ear.

"Brother!" Daeira hissed at him. "That's not something to jest about."

The way Andnaeuth's hands were moving over her hips, Isonei knew very well that he wasn't jesting, the thought made her shiver. Draeseth was rough out of desire and a delicious lack of restraint. Andnaeuth would be much more controlled and from the way he'd kissed her, she knew she would enjoy every moment of it.

"Give me the pouch, after that shiver of anticipation I want to see my gift on you." Andnaeuth was pulling her to the mirror, seemingly oblivious to the looks they were getting from the maids and his sister.

Isonei half turned to offer him the small velvet bag and he forcibly turned her back. "I thought you wanted the pouch?" She was trying not to laugh.

"This view will have to last me, my merry maid. I can't bear to look away yet." He took it from her hand as she lifted it, holding it at her shoulder. Out of the pouch, he pulled a bell on a silver ribbon and tied it with a flourish around her neck. "Silver is your color."

Watching his face in the mirror, his eyes wandered over her and came back up to meet her own. "Thank you. Now if you don't let me get dressed, my jester king, I will have to start pointing out the ways you're just as terrible as my flower wine."

His jaw dropped as he staggered backward. "Such a cruel queen!" Teasing him was every bit as much fun as teasing Draeseth, she couldn't keep from laughing at him.

The maids pulled the chemise over her head the moment he stepped away and brought the dress, a grey and silver gown that matched the clothes Daeira and Andnaeuth were wearing. Soft grey boots that covered her legs to the knee were slipped on under her dress and fastened.

Obediently moving where the maids pushed her, to let them brush and put her hair up skillfully, she couldn't help but smile at the bell in the mirror. For a moment the reality of facing dinner and everything that came with it faded away.

"You should take off the bell for dinner, Isonei." Daeira looked almost annoyed as she stepped into the reflection of the mirror. "My father is very clear about no bells being permitted at the table. Andnaeuth should have known better."

"He won't begrudge me this bell, Daeira." Andnaeuth straightened the ribbon as the maids stepped away. "You look like you belong at my father's table."

"Amazing the things your sister's maids can do!" Isonei grinned impishly at him in the mirror.

"And with such pitifully bruised fruit." He pulled her from the chair with a smile. "Thank you, Daeira."

Bowing her head before looking up at Daeira with her brightest smile she offered her thanks as well, "I can't thank you enough, but I can promise I'll try to keep him from tearing this one."

"You're both welcome. And I'd prefer you promised to try to keep him from tearing off my brother's arms." Daeira looked pointedly at her brother.

"I'm glad to, but the dress would be easier." Isonei turned her head to look at Andnaeuth's expression of innocence.

"As if I would provoke him deliberately." He fluttered his lashes.

"You'd rather have your skillfulness pointed out instead of your deliberation?" Isonei widened her eyes, smiling sweetly.

"I'd rather have my arms torn off than have you leave, my mischievous minx." Andnaeuth escorted her to the door. The delight he took in opening the door bordered on obscene. "Draeseth. I expected you to be waiting at the table."

The Torgan didn't speak, he simply held out his arm for Isonei.

"I think not. She'll be given over after the meal. Until then she walks with me." Andnaeuth moved to take her hand and Isonei saw Draeseth's fist clench as his arm drew back.

"Don't. Please." Stepping forward past Andnaeuth with her hands raised placatingly Isonei noticed the Torgan's eyes didn't stray from Andnaeuth. "Draeseth..." she pressed her hands against the smooth soft black of his doublet.

A muscle in his jaw twitched and he swept her from her feet, tossing her over his shoulder indecorously. It made the bell on her ribbon jingle, and it continued with each jarring step he took. Pressing her hands against his back she tried to move as little as possible to keep him from growing more upset.

"I'm sorry, my flower wine," she murmured. "Please be calm."

He stopped abruptly, setting her gently on her feet in front of him. "Are you jingling?"

"Yes, it-it was a gift." Touching the bell gently, she had the sinking feeling that Draeseth wouldn't be understanding as far as a gift from Andnaeuth was concerned.

"One of the jester's bells." His dark eyes were burning with fury as he looked from the bell into her eyes.

"Yes." Opening her mouth to say more he began growling in Torgan. "I don't understand..."

"Take. It. Off." His face was flushed and his lips pulled back from his teeth as his hand came up as if he was going to strike her.

"No, it was a gift. Draeseth..." Isonei stared at him in shock that he would threaten to strike her in anger.

His hand curled into a fist and he turned, striking the wall, leaving a hole in the painted wood. Draeseth stood for a moment with his back to her before storming down the hall alone.

"Are you alright?" Andnaeuth looked as if he were going to be sick. "I didn't expect him to lash out at you."

Isonei inhaled deeply realizing she was still holding her breath. "He wouldn't hurt me deliberately. But he's so angry and hurt. It's my fault. All he asked was that I take it off."

"He didn't ask. He demanded." Daeira put her arms around Isonei and squeezed her. "It was a gift and you did nothing wrong."

"He said he wouldn't have his wife dallying with a jester. Does he think you dallied with me?" Andnaeuth looked down the hall with a hint of a smile.

"He should know that I didn't but the way he hates you... Did you make him think we were intimate?" Isonei looked at Andnaeuth sharply.

"I don't have the power to make anyone think anything, my poor bruised fruit." He splayed his fingers as he shrugged. "And it would be a lie to say we haven't been intimate. I've been more intimate with you than any woman I've taken to bed."

Closing her eyes and covering her face, the feeling that Draeseth's anger was justified made her want to run down the hall after him and rooted her in place at the same time. Dinner and whatever happened after was going to be awful.

"If he wants to leave you here because of his misperception, count it as a blessing." Daeira wrapped her arm around Isonei's waist to pull her forward.

Andnaeuth began to try to make her smile by talking about the times he'd worn his bells to dinner with disastrous results but she couldn't make herself pay attention. Gnawing her lip bloody again she could only wonder if she'd actually kept her word to Draeseth. She hadn't gone to bed with anyone, despite wanting to, and the only other person she'd kissed since she'd made the choice was Andnaeuth but that was only once.

Maybe her father was right and she was stupid. Every fiber of her being was hating being exclusive, she felt like she was failing miserably at it.

"Isonei?" Andnaeuth stepped in front of her and tugged her lip away from her teeth, peeling it down. "You've chewed it bloody. Have I upset you so terribly?" Over Daeira's objections, he dragged her into an empty study. "Tell me. I was trying to make you laugh and you wouldn't even look at me." He stroked her arms and his eyes searched her face worriedly.

"Did I-did I break my word? I'm not-I haven't been exclusive with anyone before and I suddenly feel like I've failed at it miserably." Her eyes were starting to burn with tears, as a lump formed in her throat.

"Ah. Physically, you've kept your word beautifully." He touched her face and then the bell around her neck. "But you've let someone else get their hands on your heart. For your first time being exclusive, and in such difficult circumstances, you've done better than anyone expected. No one could ask more of you."

She took a deep breath and bowed her head. "I shouldn't have accepted the gift."

"You will break my heart if you return it." His whisper sent the tears she was barely holding back spilling down her cheeks. "Shhhh, my Isonei. I've put you in a terrible position. My sister will happily tell you I'm selfish and thoughtless. At length." Andnaeuth brushed the tears away as she tried to regain her composure.

"I don't think you're going to be able to make me laugh again tonight." Isonei tried to give him a faint smile but from the look on his face, it must have been more of a wince.

"I would settle for a smile from the queen of fools. The lovely, tenderhearted queen I adore." He ran his fingertips along her jawline.

"You may not get that either." Keeping the tears back felt like trying to hold back a flood. "But I'll try."

"May I have your forgiveness? Seeing you weep..." His violet eyes looked pained and damp.

The tears started again and she wrapped her arms around his waist drawing a juddering breath. "That you can have."

He held her almost as tightly as Draeseth had. After a long moment he loosened his embrace, "I will miss you but if he does take you to Torga... Enjoy yourself. I don't want you to hate being exclusive so much that you won't try it a second time."

That made her try to smile, "It's that obvious I hate it?"

"It's making you miserable, but it won't always. Sometimes, you'll enjoy it."

Nodding with her face pressed into his doublet, she sighed, "We have to go to dinner. I think I would rather run away and hide forever."

Andnaeuth laughed softly, "I can find a box for you and keep you in my room."

"Only if you promise I never have to come out again." Isonei took a breath letting him step back to smile at her and fix her hair.

"When you come back for the festival I'll make certain you won't have to leave my room for a year if you don't want to." He waggled his eyebrows at her and she gave him as much of a smile as she could muster. "I may not even make you stay in the box."

"I'll bear that in mind, your majesty." Stepping forward, she kissed his cheek.

Clasping her hand, Andnaeuth took her back into the hall where only the guards were waiting. "Princess Daeira wanted to wait for you but His Majesty insisted she come immediately, your Highness."

"Dinner won't be kept any longer. Come, Lady Isonei. The gauntlet awaits." Isonei watched as his face settled into a regal mask.

As they were about to step into the grand dining room she murmured, "If you're sure running away to join the circus isn't an option. I could probably learn to juggle." Watching Andnaeuth try not to laugh made her feel better.

The surreptitious looks and whispers as they walked in together, however, made her legs feel shaky. She was grateful to sit in the chair offered, between her father and Andnaeuth. Next to Draeseth would have been unpleasant with the way he glanced at her, turning to speak to his brother in what looked like a heated conversation.

Course after course of the meal came, familiar Aran delicacies like oysters in a very fine butter sauce, and the creamy, delicately flavored soup, were followed by Torgan specialties as well. The odd sour flavor of some of the Torgan meat dishes wasn't entirely pleasant, but the spiced roasted root vegetables were surprisingly good.

When the meal was finished, the giving over began. Prince Draeseth was publically apologized to for the interference. Isonei was summoned to the King's side to be given for the remainder of the year.

Burgath interrupted as she rose, walking toward the King. "My brother gratefully accepts your apology, King Tamnaeuth. However, he has been given reason to believe she hasn't honored your traditions and remained exclusive to him," he looked at her disdainfully, "as she had promised."

The intrigued, scandalized whispers rippled through the room at his words. King Tamnaeuth held up his hand. "She will be asked. Who does he believe she broke her word with that he may be asked as well, Prince Burgath?"

"Prince Andnaeuth." Burgath inclined his head.

Gesturing for her to come closer, the King spoke quietly, "The truth is required, Lady Isonei, whatever it may be."

"I understand, my King. This is the first time I've ever tried to be exclusive with anyone. I haven't gone to bed with anyone else, but I didn't realize that giving Prince Andnaeuth a piece of my heart was a violation of my word. I understand why Prince Draeseth is so angry with me and I am truly sorry that I hurt him." She barely got the words out before her throat closed and the tears started threatening to fall again.

"If you had been with him for years, and were planning to remain with him, it would be a violation, my dear. For such an impulsive decision I doubt anyone other than Prince Draeseth will hold it against you." King Tamnaeuth smiled reassuringly. "Prince Andnaeuth, you are required to speak the truth on this matter."

"My King, I have tried, in every way I could, to convince the Lady Isonei to abandon her word and be with me in all of the ways I want her to be. She's the only woman I've ever failed to seduce." The ripple rushed through the gathered lords and ladies again before he continued, "I have stolen a kiss from her. I believe the only reason she allowed it is because I was upset at the bruises covering her from the Torgan's rough affections and lamenting having to give her over to him."

The way Draeseth glowered at those words made Isonei hug her arms to herself.

"I've touched some of the bruises on her hips. My sister wasn't able to keep me from watching the Lady change from her rumpled gown into something more suitable. She was too shocked and horrified to prevent me from inspecting the marks more closely. The Lady Isonei allowed it but was insistent that she be allowed to dress.
