 Isonei curled close to Draeseth, feigning sleep, as he carried her wrapped in his cloak into the home of Daga Liadith. As far as Leiran manners were concerned, at this time of night, their host wouldn't be obligated to greet them. The rudeness of their late arrival would be canceled by the rudeness of his postponed welcome. Neither would be mentioned in the morning. Still, with the bruises on her neck, it had been considered wiser to wrap her up and take her in unseen.

They were shown to their cluster of rooms by polite servants, and a separate room was offered for Lady Isonei if she desired it. Had she not been feigning sleep she would have been able to reassure the suddenly stuttering servant she did not require it. Burgath attempted to reassure the youthful-sounding man that Lady Isonei was quite content in Prince Draeseth's chambers. The way he ignored the Prince's assurance and bid them a pleasant rest told her the servant was dubious of that at best.

Safely in their room, Draeseth laid her on the bed and unwrapped her. "Krouth was meant to be here with clothing for you. He suggested it after the state of your dress when you were taken from me. I tried to choose beautiful dresses for you," he knelt, leaning over her on the bed and kissing her gently. "But I wanted to see you in black, all of them have at the least some black embroidery."

"I'm certain they will be lovely, my Draeseth." She wrapped her legs around him pulling him down on top of her, "I still remember you wanting to see me in black silk stockings when you stole my white ones."

"See you in them?" He shifted to push her skirt out of his way, "No, woman, I want to-"

The sound of Krouth clearing his throat loudly startled them both. "I took the liberty of drawing a bath for Lady Isonei and I have fresh clothes for both of you for the morning. As it is late, I would advise you to bathe and sleep your Highness, being late for breakfast with the Daga will not be looked well upon." His almost put upon tones made Draeseth snort as he squeezed her thigh.

"Thank you, Krouth. A bath sounds wonderful." She grinned up at Draeseth's now sour face. "But while his Highness may eventually let me sleep I don't think tonight will be the night."

The growling grunt in his throat as he tried to maintain his sour expression sent her into a giggling fit. His lips were curving despite himself as she pressed playful kisses to his set mouth. "If you wanted to sleep you wouldn't tease me the way you do."

"Your bath is cooling, Lady Isonei."

"Come bathe with me?" She murmured kissing along his jaw. "If you do I promise I won't make you take one in the morning."

Draeseth's quiet throaty laughter as he stood and helped her up made her beam. "I would like to see you make me bathe, woman."

Before she could offer a retort, Krouth hissed something in Torgan, stepping toward her. Draeseth sounded almost defensive as he answered. "It would be thoughtful if you would speak something I can understand until I've learned more Torgan."

"Krouth feels very strongly that I should be more gentle with you. I told him you did not share his concerns."

"That is very true, my flower wine. But your handiwork is a bit troubling to look at and his concern is sweet, whether it's on my behalf or on yours."

"I will take that into consideration, my jewel. But I will not be chided for enjoying you."

"I don't want you to be chided for enjoying me, I enjoy your biting kisses as much as you enjoy giving them to me." She wrapped her arms around him as he smiled and blushed. "I enjoyed everything you did and when I'm no longer so bruised I hope you'll do it again."

"Woman, I may not wait until your bruises fade if you keep reassuring me so warmly."

"Come bathe with me." Isonei kissed his chest and tried to pull him forward.

"The bath is too small for you both, Lady Isonei." Krouth sounded tired and annoyed. "Please, this way."

Letting go of Draeseth with an exaggerated pout, she followed Krouth through the rooms to the bath. A fire was laid, warming the room, and the tub itself was steaming. The Lerian baths with their smaller, shallower metal tubs were still rather pretty. Instead of the sunken pools she was accustomed to in Ara, the tub was raised, almost on a pedestal, and the exterior was covered in painted tiles. But, perhaps, the most important difference to remember when bathing in Leria, was to wash before getting into the water.

Krouth unfastened her gown before stepping out and closing the door and she slipped out of it with an amused smile. Usually, servants would stay to undress the bathers and take away the soiled clothes, bringing fresh as the bath ended. Undressing herself for a bath was most likely something she should get used to if Draeseth wouldn't be bathing with her.

Naked, she laid her clothes carefully on a bench where an attendant should have been waiting. She shook her head with a sigh seeing that the washing seat had not been prepared. The Torgans must have expected to bathe in the tub itself. Arranging the seat and soaps in the proper place, she turned the valve that would send water cascading out of the spout behind her. The warm water felt heavenly pouring over her back and shoulders.

Isonei was almost finished washing as the door opened and Draeseth stepped in looking at the empty tub with a frown. "I thought you would be eager to get into the tub."

"In Leria you wash outside of the tub and then you soak, my flower wine. I thought you knew that and wanted to behave yourself while I got clean."

"What is the point of the tub if you wash outside of it?" He almost sounded sulky, looking at her as if he'd been denied something.

"I'll show you while you wash yourself." She turned the valve letting the warm water rinse the rest of the soap from her skin as he watched.

As she turned it off he began to strip off his clothes with an urgency she was well acquainted with. "Wash me, woman."

"I'm clean and I want to enjoy my bath. You didn't come with me when I asked so you have to bathe yourself now." Rising from the seat and grinning impishly she walked around the tub on the opposite side so he couldn't grab her. "I'll be happy to watch and tell you if you're doing it right, my magnificent beast."

"Woman, before bed I will turn you over my knees."

"Mmm, so I should keep teasing you?" Isonei climbed into the tub and settled herself comfortably in the clean water. "You should sit on the seat and turn the water on, let it wash over you before you use the soap. If you do a good job of washing I'll show you how to enjoy the nice clean water." From where he was standing she knew he could see over the side and into the tub as she ran her hands over herself suggestively.

"Woman." His cock was hardening in the warm air and even though she wanted to tease him like this the thought of getting out and washing him just to have her hands on him was almost too tempting.

"Wash, let me look at you my magnificent beast." Letting her hands stray over her breasts and between her thighs as he stood there transfixed with lust.

"You won't be sleeping tonight, or sitting tomorrow, woman." Draeseth's fervent whisper made her flush with anticipation as she let her fingers spread her lower folds and rub gently along them.

Breathlessly, she spread her legs wider, lifting her feet to rest on the sides of the tub. "Wash, please let me watch you."

For a moment she thought he was going to join her in the tub, but he tore his eyes away with a groan and moved to the seat to wash. Watching as he rinsed, she saw him glance over at her with an almost feverishly carnal look in his eyes. She kept her fingers moving with a slow up and down stroke before taking her fingers over and across her most sensitive spot, wanting to be right on the edge of release when he came to join her in the bath.

He soaped his chest almost angrily but groaned and slowed as he soaped his magnificent grey-green cock. Isonei moaned softly playing with her nipples and allowing herself more pressure as he stood to put on a soapy show for her.

"You are so beautiful, mmm my Draeseth. I love to look at you, to watch you wash is..." She trailed off as he surged forward to lift her from the bath and kiss her forcefully, as if he were going to take her immediately. Instead, he kissed her until she was breathless and eased her back into the tub to continue washing with his back toward her.

"Woman. To see you look at me that way. I won't last if I don't-"

"Don't you dare!" Leaning over the side of the tub, Isonei couldn't help but admire his muscular form from the back even as she chided him, "If you want to please yourself, I want to see it."

Draeseth turned with an incredulous look on his blushing face, "You want to watch?"

"Yes! Didn't you enjoy watching me?" Her face flushed as he growled in Torgan and started to stroke his thick shaft. "I didn't know men could be as large as you are, not just your astonishing member, my Draeseth. Every inch of you is magnificent, imposing, and so breathtaking to look on. Why would I not want to watch?" Climbing carefully from the tub she came closer, sinking to her knees to caress and gently squeeze his balls as he worked his shaft, pressing her fingertips further back, just behind them, to massage.

Looking down at her, his voice was hoarse and earnest as he spoke to her in Torgan. She didn't know what he was saying but she smiled sweetly up at him. His seed began to erupt with impressive force and she struggled not to laugh as it spurted upward and then fell to splatter across her shoulder and onto her breasts.

"Since you've gotten me dirty again, will you let me help wash you?" Teasing him while he held a still dribbling cock in his hand was perhaps not the best idea. She squealed and shrieked with laughter as he growled and held her head, making sure her face got dirty too.

"Wash me, woman. And then you'll be performing for me like you had me do for you."

Giggling up at him, she teased, "I was trying to, I had hoped you would stay standing and watch me while you-"

He cut her off by pulling her up roughly and kissing her. "That you would enjoy watching me as much as I enjoy watching you never crossed my mind. Why did you get out of the bath to help me?"

"You looked like you didn't believe me, I wanted to show you, and I wanted to touch you." Isonei stood on her toes and wrapped one leg around his soapy hip, "You are breathtaking to look at my magnificent Draeseth."

His fierce, zealous kiss almost made her forget to breathe. "There is nothing I would not give to keep you. I will do anything you desire to make you keep looking at me that way."

"Mm. Maybe you'll strip naked and move some heavy things for me in Torga? I did like seeing you move those rocks-" She squeaked and laughed trying to wriggle away from his pinching fingers as he grinned and held onto her.

"Woman, you tease me until all I can think of is bending you over."

"And pinching me, apparently!" Trying to affect a pout was impossible with the way he was grinning at her, she couldn't help but grin back.

"Wash your beast, woman, before you tease yourself out of anymore washing tonight."

"Come here then, my beautiful beast, and let me wash you." Leading him back to the chair and rinsing the soap from him was easy. Making him stay out of the tub long enough to have his back and legs washed was more difficult. He made it clear he was very eager to have his performance.

Once he was clean and settled into the tub, Isonei turned the seat to give him a good view as she started again, rinsing herself and moving her hands over her breasts and thighs. Spreading her legs wide, she watched Draeseth's face as she moved her fingers over and between her folds, stroking and opening. Teasing around her most sensitive spot, she rolled her nipple between the fingers of her other hand.

"Mmm, my Draeseth, talk to me while you watch me?" She watched him swallow and look at her almost pleadingly, speechless. "You can do it in Torgan, I like the sound of your voice."

He started softly, tentatively as she kept her fingers moving over and around her most sensitive spot. As her other hand moved over her breasts and kept teasing, pinching, and twisting her nipples, he groaned and his words grew more effusive and mellifluous. Listening to him speak his harsh language so beautifully was almost as delicious as his touch. She curled her toes against the floor and felt her thighs begin to quiver as she pushed herself to the edge of release, closing her eyes to listen to him.

His words became more urgent and she heard the sound of water spilling over the side before he switched back to her tongue, "No! Open your eyes!" Draeseth was leaning over the edge as she had been. "I need you to look at me as you..." He panted, looking almost anguished before she rose and came to him, letting him lift her over the side and into the small tub.

"I closed my eyes to listen to you, I don't know what you were saying but it sounded almost as glorious as your touch feels, my Draeseth," she murmured as he kissed her breasts zealously and moved his hand between her thighs.

"Woman, I need to know it's me you're thinking of, there is no other I could ever want and I need to know." The urgency of his words made her heart ache.

"I was thinking of you, my Draeseth. Touching myself for your eyes alone." Isonei ran her fingers through his black hair as he groaned against her skin, his fingers slipping into her soaked entrance. "The sound of your full-toned voice speaking your language is sweeter than honey." Moving one hand down she teased herself as he covered her breasts with his biting kisses and began to suckle and nibble at her nipples. "Yes, like that mmmnn."

The only thing that was less than divine was the way he moved his hand, his fingers were thrusting too straight and too roughly, "Curl your fingers, please my Draeseth, just a little and nnmmm like the way I touched you." A loud moan escaped her as he changed the way he was touching her, "Yes! Mmmn Draeseth! My flower wine!"

Her release had been building, slipping away and building again for a little too long and when it finally washed over her she thought she might collapse from the unbearable pulsing, tingling pleasure coursing through her body. She tried to sink into the water with him, wanting to soak and rest but he was groaning in Torgan and lifting her out of the water.

Not even bothering to towel off he carried her, dripping, back through their rooms and laid her on the edge of the bed, gripping her ankles and pushing her legs up against her chest. Her eyes widened, this would be too deep. Before she could protest he was half inside her groaning in Torgan and pulling her feet to his mouth. His biting kisses across the tops of them before pushing both of her heels into his shoulder had her half moaning and half whimpering in surprise.

He was already throbbing inside her as he made slow measured thrusts, the feeling of him so tight inside, slowly pushing so deeply, after the release she'd had was an excruciating delight. "Please, please, my flower wine."

With her legs together and heels against his shoulder as he bent forward, panting and purring in Torgan she had just enough pressure to let him push her over the edge again, "Gods, Gods yes. Don't stop." All she could do was tremble and moan as he worked his length in carefully.

By the time he'd worked all of himself inside she was already going over the edge, it felt like every muscle in her body contracted and shuddered into release as she tried to remember how to breathe. Her entire body went tingly and numb in waves as the Torgan purred, releasing into her.

"My magnificent Draeseth..." Keeping her eyes open was not something she was capable of and she could hear him laughing in his throat and speaking quietly as he readied the bed and put her in it. Curling against his side was perfection.

Soft sweet kisses woke her in the morning, Draeseth was smiling down at her as he covered her face with them. "My perfect jewel, if I let you sleep any longer we'll be late for breakfast."

It took a moment for her to realize he was already clothed, the black tunic he wore belted over the rest today was subtly embroidered with silver vines along the shoulders. "You already dressed!" His face split into a wide grin at her disappointed tone.

"I knew if I woke you first I'd take at least twice as long."

"Lady Isonei's clothes are on the foot of the bed, your Highness," Krouth interjected pointedly.

"Is the wash basin filled?" She sat up rubbing her eyes as Draeseth moved to the edge of the bed.

"With cool water, as I prefer my jewel, but I can have Krouth fill it with warm water." The self-satisfied look on his face as he looked at her seemed very familiar.

"Cool water is pleasant in the morning." Glancing down she saw what he was looking at. His biting kisses had left marks across her breasts, pulling the covers back she looked at her feet as well, and saw lighter marks there. "Obviously, I should try harder to make sure you get your meals, my magnificent beast." Isonei couldn't resist teasing him, "Otherwise you might actually succeed in eating me eventually."

He grunted and gestured for her to come closer. Hopping off of the bed and taking a step toward him she already knew what he intended to do, but she still squealed and laughed as he swept her up and put her over his knees, seating himself on the bed. "You will behave until breakfast is finished, woman. Teasing me right now will only get you punished." Four smacks in quick succession followed his words.

She still couldn't resist reminding him, "You forgot about it last night, I imagine you'll forget again." Turning her head to grin at him, she saw his incredulous expression for a moment before it split into a wicked smile.

"Woman, you were warned. I can give you what I promised last night, if it will make you happier." Eight more stinging slaps to her ass cheeks had her squirming helplessly and promising to behave. Draeseth looked viciously smug as he let her up and watched her wash in the basin before considering the layers of Torgan undergarments.

"My flower wine? I'm not teasing you, but how many layers do Torgan women wear? This looks like far too much."

"The small clothes, you don't require, my jewel." He pulled away what looked like loose linen knee pants. "I still insist you keep nothing between my hands and your finer parts."

"Why would they wear such large undergarments?" Isonei shook her head.

"Propriety." Under his direction, she put on the long grey chemise, the black underskirt, and the black silk stockings he had gotten for her. The dress itself was in three additional layers a grey long-sleeved shirt, a black skirt with a snug fitting underbust bodice attached to it, and a silvery grey overdress that was heavy and intricately embroidered with black vines and flowers.

Moving slowly under all of the weight to the mirror she had to admit the effect was lovely if extremely modest and warm. "It's beautiful, my Draeseth but how do they move under all of this?"

"Gracefully." He stood behind her admiring her reflection and looking incredibly pleased.

She sighed and shook her head, "I need to put my hair up. And I'm not sure I can lift my arms in this."

"It will be done for you, my jewel." Draeseth reached out to straighten the high collar of the shirt where it peaked out from under the high-necked overdress. It reminded her of the way Andnaeuth had straightened the ribbon and she studied his face with amusement in the mirror.

It was barely a moment later that the maids came bustling in, surprised to see her already dressed. After a few moments of their questions about how she wanted her hair in Lerian, she almost wanted to kiss Ivorith for not letting her forget her Lerian entirely. He'd been wretchedly persistent about making her speak it with him at least once a week. Or he had until he'd been so angry about her choosing Draeseth he could barely speak civilly to her.
