 I really can't thank Todger65 enough for continuing to help edit these chapters! It is greatly appreciated! 

***** 

They retired to their room giggling and Isonei could tell that Arissa was already quite taken with the Daga. Amay and the other maids helped them out of their gowns and jewelry and into their night dresses. They were left alone in relatively short order and stretched across the larger bed. 

Isonei sighed, turning her head to look at Arissa, neither of them were tired. "If this were years ago I would suggest we dress and slip out of the window to walk the gardens." 

"Why don't we?" Arissa laughed. "We retired to our rooms as my father suggested. I'm not ready to sleep yet, and I still want to learn the, what was it, Sievenis-Seinevis Jara? 

"Seivenis Jara. We would have to get dressed first. The Torgan gowns are heavy and warm if you want to try one." 

Venturing into the closet given to her for her dresses they looked over the Torgan gowns. The solidly black one and the dark grey she'd worn earlier were absent. Arissa chose one that was largely a slate blue with black brocade accents, marveling at all of the layers that were meant to go under it. Isonei chose one very similar in a color close to the wine she'd learned to enjoy. 

Once in silk stockings and all of the layers, they doused the lamps and opened a window, awkwardly clambering out. 

"How can they even move in these dresses?" Arissa hissed at her. 

"I don't think they do," Isonei whispered back as they clasped hands and moved into the gardens. "Draeseth says they move gracefully, but I think they must do a lot of being very still. They tangle in your legs and try to strangle you even when you lounge." 

Arissa made a pitying face at her and squeezed her hand. "What about leaving off some of the layers? There are so many!" 

"He promised he would have some made in lighter fabrics, but he said the layers are important. I left off the shirt and the undermost skirt and he claimed I was half naked!" 

Arissa laughed quietly. "They are warm. There's a chill in the air tonight but I only feel it on my face and fingers." 

"Torga is supposed to be cold; perhaps that's why they're so heavy." 

"Perhaps. I've seen paintings of the Torgan Mountains; they looked cold." 

"The mountains can be cold at times." Draeseth's voice offered from the shadows. "Torgan women are well covered for propriety sake and for warmth. You both look... lovely." He bowed before coming closer. "Were you not ordered to your rooms?" 

"We retired to them and then decided to walk the gardens." Arissa answered curtly as if she expected him to call the guard. 

"I like seeing you in the Lerian clothes, my Draeseth. The black and cream with the scarlet sash is very striking." 

"But not in Torgan clothes?" He frowned at her slightly. 

"You're beautiful in those as well, but they hide more of your magnificent form than I like." She smiled at him warmly and he offered her a growling grunt. 

"I prefer your form to be for my eyes alone." 

"I like to show you off. You are too beautiful to hide under so many layers of fabric and leather." She teased him, coming closer to wrap her arms around his waist. 

Draeseth's hands remained clasped behind him. "You tease me when I can do nothing about it, woman." 

"How fortunate I'm in so many layers, or I might be tempted to tease you too greatly." She saw his face flush and his eyes glitter in the bright moonlight. 

"Why don't we find a place to sit and talk? My father didn't get to speak with you, and I would like to." Arissa was giving her a disapproving look as she turned around. 

"I will not have her chided for being affectionate. My wife is loving; I will not change her." He returned Arissa's disapproval with his own. 

In the face of his black scowl Arissa swallowed nervously. 

"My flower wine, if she were chiding me it would be very clear. Be nice and apologize please." 

He made a loud noise in his throat that startled a sleeping bird out of a nearby tree. Arissa's eyes widened. 

"My Draeseth?" Isonei's tone cooled considerably. 

"Forgive me Lady Arissa. My mood is sour." 

The look on Arissa's face was incredulously amused. "That man seems sweet to you?" 

"He is very like honey to my lips." She lifted her chin slightly. 

"She enjoys the sounds I make." Draeseth leaned against her. "My wife finds me pleasing when no one else does." 

Moving to some nearby benches, devoid of their cushions, Arissa perched on one and curled her legs under her. "But you still take your sour moods out on her?" 

"I try not to. I sometimes fail." He looked at the bench with annoyance before settling himself on it, lying on his back and folding his hands over his stomach. 

"Why are you so unhappy? If an Aran makes you miserable-" 

Draeseth cut her off abruptly, "She is my happiness. Before her I had none and without her it was taken from me." He gazed up at Isonei as she perched next to him and caressed his hands. "If you cannot be mine alone, I will make an arrangement with you. But I will not do it gladly, wife. I want you to myself." 

The admission made her want to smile as much as it made her heart ache. She curled and leaned against his hip. "The way you say it makes me think of the story of the maiden of the fields." 

"I have never heard it. Tell it to me my jewel." He smiled faintly up at her, letting her entwine her fingers in his. 

"Ealdith, the God of the fields, had quarreled with his twin, Ealdir, the Goddess of the hunt, and left her to walk his realms. In one field he heard the most beautiful sound he'd ever heard. He stood at the very edge of the field and listened, coming back day after day to hear more. 

He didn't know it was the sound of a sister singing at her younger brother's grave, and he didn't know he wasn't the only one listening. Tyhnoth, the God of death had also heard her and had come to listen day after day from inside the mounds. 

To get her attention, the God of the fields blessed those closest to the sound of her voice and they bore such a bounty that her village became renowned for its fertile soil. And the God of death covered the mounds in tiny white flowers and spoke soft soothing words to her each time she visited. 

She came to love them both, Ealdith with his bounty for her friends and family and Tyhnoth with his gentleness and kindness. When the time came, the God of death claimed her and the God of the fields was beside himself with grief, the fields stopped bearing their bounty. Nothing grew and a time of hunger and sadness settled on all of the lands. 

People began to die of hunger and as they did they went to the God of death and the one who sat at his side to plead for him to speak to the God of the fields. The woman knew what had happened and pleaded with him to allow her to speak to Ealdith. After a time of refusing, he relented to her tears and permitted it. 

Ealdith was so pleased to see her that he agreed to let the fields bear enough to feed those who were left as he set about trying to find a way to keep her by his side." 

"The God of death could do nothing?" Draeseth frowned and looked at her sourly. 

"He could do a great deal. When she returned to him the famine above started again. Tyhnoth refused to allow the dead to enter his halls. They roamed the lands of the living, hungry and thirsty, not alive but unable to rest. Maeralya had to step in and settle the matter. She told her sons that the woman would have her time split between them. For half of the year she lives with Tyhnoth, and the other half with Ealdith. 

Neither is completely happy with the arrangement, for half of the year nothing grows in the fields, and we have never stopped burning our dead. But on years when the harvest is very poor we say she's giving Tyhnoth a child and spending the year with him. And on years when it's very rich and abundant-" 

"She's giving a child to the God of the fields." Draeseth looked thoughtful. "Even your religion is complicated." 

Isonei began to laugh, "How is that complicated my flower wine?" 

"She didn't even mention that Ealdith and Ealdir, brother and sister, are also lovers." Arissa made a face. "The Aran religion has lovely stories if you can forget they're all very incestuous." 

"It's different for Gods. All of the priests I've asked said so." The dubious look on her Draeseth's face said she'd need to explain but Arissa began before she could. 

"One Goddess gave birth to the world, and then all of the Gods? Do they have the same father as the world?" Arissa looked at her with feigned innocence. 

"No, the world is their father." 

Draeseth made a strangled sound, pulling his hands away to cover his face. 

"The Gods take lovers amongst themselves? But aren't they all brothers and sisters, and I think, cousins as well?" 

"They're Gods!" Isonei folded her arms and gave Arissa an annoyed look. 

Draeseth muttered in Torgan and Arissa began to laugh. "They're very fond of their Gods, you shouldn't say that where she can hear you. But it's a source of endless amusement to me that the most scandalous of their religious festivals is the one that doesn't celebrate incest." 

"Ganas be merciful." His lips were twisted as he looked up at her. "My children will be raised in my religion." 

"Children belong to their father's House, if we were to have children, of course they would be raised in your religion, but they would be taught to respect the beliefs of others as I was. If I chose to have an arrangement with anyone else, they would travel with me and they would see my religion as well, my flower wine. " 

"Agreed." He frowned and then grunted, leaning up onto his elbows, "Are you permitted to make an arrangement with me?" 

"I was made to promise not to marry you in this year, nothing was said of arrangements." The look of smug satisfaction on his face was too enticing to endure. 

Leaning in, knowing he couldn't touch her, she was the one in charge of the kiss and she wanted to leave him breathless. Beginning soft and slow, letting him be the one to open his mouth to invite her deeper for a change was heady. Isonei kept control of the kiss, not breaking it until he groaned helplessly into her mouth. As she pulled back she gave his lower lip a playful nip, murmuring sweetly, "I think I forgot to tell you that I forgive you." 

The look of desire on his beautiful face as she stood made her belly flutter. "Woman." 

"We should go back to our chambers." Arissa breathed, rising to grab Isonei's hand and pull her away. 

"Will you think of me in the bath?" Isonei couldn't help but tease him as she turned back and saw him watching her go. 

"I will think of turning you over my knees, my wicked wife." He growled out with a grim smile. 

"If you're not careful I'll start thinking that's where I belong." She laughed as his smile widened. Her heart felt light as Arissa pulled her toward their rooms. "I've never seen any man as beautiful as my Draeseth when he looks at me that way."  

"I've never seen anyone kissed that way." Arissa's face flushed slightly, "Your Daga said something about demonstrations? Can you teach me that?" 

"Your Daga told me not to. I probably shouldn't have kissed him in front of you, I didn't think." Isonei frowned; a Keran should be better behaved. 

"Did your sisters teach you how to do that? How to make a man moan that way and look at you as if he wants you more than he wants anything else?" Arissa pouted at her. 

"My sisters told me and showed me about the most important parts. After that it's all just about being comfortable and practicing." 

"Did you... practice with Daga Liadith?" 

Nodding slowly, she clarified, "A very long time ago. He was the first boy I ever kissed and he was very good at it. We practiced for hours." 

Arissa blushed and looked thoughtful, "So he enjoys it?" 

"Of course, it's a lot of fun!" Isonei laughed. "I still can't believe he stole a kiss in front of your father." 

"I want to be able to do it well. I want you to teach me." The look of determination on her face made Isonei blink. Her eyes were so vividly green that the color could be seen in the moonlight. 

"I'll consider your wishes." Isonei frowned wondering if that was something she could talk to the elder Daga about. 

"We can talk about it again tomorrow." 

They hurried back to their rooms and slipped back into the window. "These dresses are warm but they're such a relief to take off." 

"It was fun to try them on and it was so nice to walk in the garden." Arissa laughed. "I can see why you used to walk the gardens at night." 

"Daga Liadith was the one who always pulled me out of my room to go into the gardens at night. He likes the moonlight." 

"I do." At the sound of his voice Isonei jumped. 

"I expected you to be better behaved than this Isonei. Climbing through windows is not something a Keran is intended to do." Daga Gildith lit a lamp. 

"We wanted to walk in the gardens; we weren't ready to go to sleep." Arissa sounded defensive moving to put her arms around Isonei. 

"I saw no harm." Isonei bowed her head and bit the inside of her lip. She hadn't behaved as a Keran was meant to, and she knew it. The window was less of a breach than what had happened while in the gardens. 

"Propriety is important. Your Daga will be carrying himself with more dignity, and you must do the same." 

"Yes, Daga Gildith." 

"Father-" Arissa started to argue. 

"You will not argue or I will take you home with me. You will behave as a daughter of Gildith is expected to." 

"Yes, father." 

Isonei squeezed her gently feeling conflicted, "I'm sorry we can't have the fun we used to." 

"It's my house. I'm not as strict as your fathers. In these rooms you both may relax without worry of censure or intrusion. Outside of these rooms we will all be better behaved." Daga Liadith inclined his head. "The purpose of our visit to your chambers was to inform you of the arrangements in the morning, and so that I might apologize for my behavior. Had I been able to restrain myself, perhaps the evening would have been longer and more pleasant." 

"Longer, Daga Liadith, but not more pleasant." Arissa gave him a smile and dropped her head to Isonei's shoulder as a pleased smile spread over his features. 

"If you have no objections, I'll begin the letter tonight. Your father expects it to be eloquent and persuasive." 

"I can help you write it." 

"At," Isonei took a deep breath and looked at Daga Liadith apologetically, speaking haltingly, "At the risk of upsetting you both, and pointing out my own failings too much at a time when I'm supposed to be trying to minimize them, perhaps you should take a little more time and be truly certain." The rest came out in a rush before she could be snapped at or laughed at, "I know the two of you are well-suited but maybe you should see some of each other's flaws first?" 

"I couldn't have phrased it better. It isn't pointing out your failings to suggest others learn from your mistakes." Daga Gildith smiled faintly at her. 

"I thought you had forgiven him?" Arissa seemed baffled. 

"I have. No one makes me happier than he does, or more miserable. I don't regret my choice, but I'm only bound for a year. You'll be bound for your whole lives." 

"You may not be as well behaved as I had hoped, but you surpass my expectations in the areas that matter most." Daga Gildith came closer to stroke both her face and Arissa's. "Before breakfast you will visit the elder Daga, Isonei. Any matters that you have doubts on I would have you take to him. You have always been eager to please and I would not have Arissa use that to prevent you from doing your duties properly. Arissa, I know you to be as thoughtful as you are charming, show this to your hosts as well." 

At the same time both spoke, "Yes, Daga Gildith." "Yes, father." 

"Change from these Torgan gowns; they don't suit either of you." He frowned looking down at the gowns. 

"They have so many layers, father. I think he's trying to make her behave by not letting her move." Arissa squeezed her again. 

"How many layers?" Daga Liadith asked curiously earning a scathing look from Daga Gildith. 

"I can show." Isonei quickly fetched a gown with the layers tucked inside. Laying it on the bed she spread them all out for them to see, small clothes, stockings, long Torgan chemise, under skirt, shirt, under dress, and overdress. "It's all so heavy. And he insists that leaving off layers is noticeable." 

"So much black." Daga Gildith frowned. 

"He's known for it. I've always preferred lighter colors but it makes him so happy to see me in it..." Isonei smiled and ran her fingers over the black embroidery. "He looked so marvelous in the black and cream tonight, with the scarlet sash." 

"The way you smile when you think of him, would you really have made a different decision if you had known him better?" Arissa teased her gently. 

"I don't know. I adore him but there's so much we don't know or understand about each other..." Isonei tried not to think about the anguished letter she'd written to Andnaeuth, she needed to burn it. 

"You'll learn about each other, I'll make certain of it, Isonei. It's the least I can do for your loving service." 

"Thank you, my Daga." Isonei gave him a grateful smile and then covered her mouth as she yawned. 

"To bed with you both." Daga Gildith insisted with a faint smile. 

After the Dagas left, maids were sent in to help them undress again. Isonei climbed into her bed and stretched out tiredly. The linens were pleasantly cool and it felt less strange than she expected not to have Draeseth's warmth next to her. She was asleep in a matter of moments. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

The morning came too early. Neither Isonei nor Arissa woke without whining but Amay didn't look at Isonei with amusement for it as Draeseth did. Rising and going to the bath before allowing herself to be dressed in a light, Torgan cut Lerian dress in cream and scarlet, she found herself wishing Draeseth were with her. 

She wasn't given much time to think about it. Daga Gildith arrived soon to watch over Arissa and she was sent to speak to the elder Daga. The night's walk and talk in the garden sprang back to mind and it took effort not to worry the inside of her lip with her teeth. 

The crypts were empty this morning and she went to kneel in the chamber that held his sarg. It took a few moments of kneeling in silence before she started to speak, "I'm not sure what to talk about first, my Daga. I'm feeling a little..." she sighed. 

"Sit with your Daga, sweet girl." The voice came from behind her and she nearly fell from the kneeler in startlement. Daga Liadith stepped forward to help her. "You're anxious. I was going to chide you for speaking Aran more than Lerian when you should be practicing, but perhaps I shouldn't." 

Isonei took a deep breath tilting her head from side to side. If Daga Liadith was here she wouldn't be able to ask what she had been trying to find a way to ask. "I will speak more, my Daga." She stood hesitating. Perhaps if she came back later. 

"You don't want to speak to him with me present." He frowned studying her face. "Speak. You should be able to tell me what concerns you just as well as you can tell my father." 
