 Huge thanks to Todger65 for helping me edit! 

***** 

"I will wake her." Draeseth's deep voice made her stir from her slumber. 

"Mm? My flower wine?" Isonei yawned and tried to pull him closer as he laughed softly, pressing her face sleepily back into the soft hair covering his chest. 

"We have been asked for, my jewel. Wake and dress." He pulled her with him to the edge of the bed, kissing her face as she began to whine plaintively. "You won't have time to rinse if you don't rise now. Krouth filled a basin." 

"A basin?" Looking up at him unhappily she tried to understand what he was suggesting. "You only wash your face and hands in a basin." 

"Come here, woman." Draeseth smiled and stood, tugging her to her feet. 

In her sleep, her stockings had slipped down and they fell as she stood. Slipping them off before she followed him to the basin stand by the window, Isonei eyed the cloth he was wetting with skepticism. "What-" 

"Come here." He pulled her close and pressed kisses into her skin as he began to wash her from the basin. 

"There is a bath, husband, a very nice one." She sighed stroking his black hair as he knelt to kiss his way from her hip to her knee and wash between her thighs. 

"One we must share with your Daga. I would have you to myself." He nipped at her skin playfully as he moved to her other knee kissing his way back up. 

Isonei grinned impishly as she put her leg over his shoulder. "Did you wake me so urgently to rinse me or to devour me, my wicked and loving beast?" 

The sound of Krouth clearing his throat made her look up in surprise. The man bustled out of her closet with clothes for Draeseth. "Daga Liadith has been very clear, guests will be arriving shortly and you are required to be dressed to meet them, Lady Isonei." 

"That's very different from having been asked for, husband." She gave him a sulky frown as she put her leg back on the floor. "I have to dress." 

The kneeling Torgan muttered peevishly in his own language before rising. "You have no time to wash me?" 

"You shouldn't be washing from the basin. I should make you go to the bath." 

The low agitated noise he made almost set her giggling, but his face was too sour. 

"Remember this if your father should summon you for your duty and I wish to be washed, my beautiful, ill-humored husband." Isonei teased kissing his chest as she pulled the cloth away from him. 

He took it back and bent to press his face against hers. "If my father summoned me to do my duty I would not be able to take the time." 

"Will you wash and dress so that I can have you next to me?" She smiled up at him. "I adore you and I want you by my side while I do my duties for my Daga." 

Draeseth gave her a growling grunt and a kiss. "I will ask the same of you in Torga." 

"I will be glad to stay by your side and do all that you ask of me, my Draeseth." Rising on her toes, she kissed him sweetly and gasped as he brought his hand down on her bare ass, deepening the kiss before reluctantly releasing her. 

"Go dress before I make you late for your duties by bending you over the bed. To remind me of how well you suit me when you can't give me satisfaction is heartless woman." His dark eyes glittered. 

"You'll take it and you'll like it." Isonei poked him in the side with a grin before laughing at his wicked sounding Torgan muttering and dashing over to the bed and looking for her clothes. 

Krouth spoke resignedly facing the wall, "Your clothes are in the closet Lady Isonei, as is the maid to help you dress. I thought it prudent to separate the two of you." 

"It will probably make things go more quickly, thank you Krouth. But so that you're aware, that room is not for dressing in I'm surprised the maid didn't argue with you." Shaking her head she moved to the room that now held both her clothes and Draeseth's. 

Once the door was closed the maid helped her into her Aran chemise with a frown, "I did argue, Lady Isonei. If someone should be forced into the storage room it should not be you." 

"He is too large for this room, and we must dress quickly. My Draeseth distracts with beauty." She gave the woman a smile. 

The maid giggled, "He is distracted by your beauty or all beauty?" 

"I am distracted by his beauty." 

"My wife enchants me. No other woman could make me forget myself, or make me wish to spend all of my time with her perfect skin against mine." Draeseth's voice sounded as if he were standing against the door. 

"Go dress, my flower wine!" Isonei tried not to laugh. 

"You look so happy, Lady Isonei. I hope the Daga will be so happy with his match." 

"I will do my best as Keran. Arissa will be good to him." 

She was in her lighter layers and dress shortly, and the maid insisted that they come out to do her hair. In the light, she could better see the ways the scarlet Torgan style gown was not entirely Torgan in design. The flowing black sleeves were thin and loose as was customary in long sleeved Lerian gowns. The high neck and bodice looked very Torgan, but the skirt split in the front, in the Lerian fashion, to show the black underskirt beneath that had been embellished with a few silver beaded blossoms. 

Krouth averted his eyes as if she were in a state of undress and Draeseth looked as if he shared that opinion. 

"Is something wrong, my-" 

"You cannot wear that." He scowled at the maid who had begun to brush out her hair. 

"Why? I think it's very pretty, it's-" 

"It shows your undergarments!" Krouth stalked into the closet as if he were looking for something more appropriate. 

"It doesn't! The black sleeves and skirt were meant to show. They've combined some of the Torgan style with the Lerian. It's much lighter." Isonei tried to explain but the two Torgans began to discuss something angrily while choosing another dress. 

The maid was working quickly, glancing at them as if she were intimidated by their growling and grumbling. Her fingers were still quite nimble as she put Isonei's hair back into the crown like braid. "They're angry?" 

"They do not understand the dress." 

"It makes them angry?" 

"You wish to send her out half dressed. Yes, it makes us angry." Draeseth spat as if the maid had done it to spite him personally. 

"I am not half dressed. They combined-" 

She was cut off with what sounded like might be cursing in Torgan as he stormed back out of the storage room. "You will not wear that. I forbid it." 

"If you wished to object the time would have been before-" 

He raised his voice jabbing his finger at her and the closet emphatically as the string of furious, indecipherable Torgan words spilled out of him. 

"Enough!" Isonei stood up putting herself between the enraged Torgan and the cowering maid. "I am not changing; you are not going to continue to terrify my maid. If you would prefer to-" 

The tirade began again and she clapped her hands until he stopped as she had once seen the elder Daga Liadith do to a man who raised his voice in his presence. 

"If you would prefer to walk the gardens until your temper cools instead of accompanying me you may do so. But this shouting is done." She tried to keep her face schooled to firm calmness; it was what the elder Daga would expect of her. 

Draeseth stepped toward her with an expression similar to that he'd worn in Ara when he'd lost his temper and punched the wall. 

"Your next actions should be carefully considered, Prince Draeseth." The Daga's voice was so quiet and frosty that Isonei shivered. "Speaking that way to a daughter of Liadith would be unacceptable no matter what house you happened to be in. In this house, I should have you flogged. If you strike her, your life will come to a very abrupt end." Moving her eyes to the Daga in the doorway, his eyes were a vivid, clear green like she'd never seen and his grey face held no indication that the threat to kill was an empty one. 

She spoke quietly and carefully into the dead silence of the room. "He would not harm me. My Draeseth does not conceal his displeasure and Torgans can be heard." 

"That does not excuse him, daughter of Liadith. You didn't understand the things he said to you. For his disrespect, he won't speak again until I give him leave. If I hear his voice before he has been granted it, he will leave this place without you." 

"Yes, my Daga." Isonei looked back to Draeseth debating asking if he could still accompany her, but asking when the Daga was already furious wouldn't be taken well. The way Draeseth looked away from her made her believe he wouldn't have wanted to come with her even if she did ask. 

The maid touched her arm gently, guiding her back to the seat to have her hair finished under the Daga's watchful eye. When she was finished, Isonei walked past Draeseth and Krouth wordlessly and took the Daga's hand. 

"You have the same miserable look you used to wear when your father chided you." Daga Liadith tilted her chin up. 

"I'm miserable because he's being punished." 

"I should tell you what he said to you, to ease your misery." The daunting effect of his disapproving frown was mitigated by the way his thumb stroked her jaw. 

"I would ask you not to, Daga Liadith." Krouth spoke respectfully. "Lady Isonei should not have to hear such things. Though the worst of it was not directed at her, but at the dress, his Highness should never have used such language with her present." 

"Who is this speaking for Prince Draeseth?" 

"Krouth, my Daga. He is trusted." 

"Master Krouth, do you think she should feel badly for the man who said he would be ashamed to be at her side?" 

Isonei felt like she'd been struck in the stomach. 

"No, Daga Liadith. The dress is inappropriate, but Lady Isonei is respectful. She has done nothing to deserve such harsh words." Krouth bowed low. 

"If her husband felt that way, it would please me more." The Daga escorted her out of the room. "How can a man go from swearing he cannot be stern with you, to being cruel so quickly?" 

"I-" her voice cracked, so she cleared her throat and swallowed, shaking her head before trying again. "I don't know, my Daga." 

"Are you still unhappy he's being punished?" 

"No my Daga. I'm unhappy for other reasons now." 

"As you should be. I'm afraid I have to ask you to put it aside for moment. It will be a poor beginning if my Keran is miserable and distracted." 

"I understand." She took a deep breath and tried to compose her face into a pleasant mask. 

"My father would be able to make you laugh. Your face looks so frozen." 

The memory of teasing Andnaeuth came to mind and she gave him a small smile. "I've done that for a friend. He's good at making people laugh, but no one makes him laugh when he's upset." 

"No one but you?" The Daga squeezed her hand. 

"So he says. I think his sister tries, or tried when they were younger." Isonei squeezed his hand back, "She gave him his first bells." 

"This is the one father mentioned. The jester." 

"Yes. He mentioned him? He told me to leave him in Ara." 

"And you haven't stopped thinking of him?" 

"He's difficult to stop thinking of, especially when I think about making someone laugh." She gave him a small laugh, "I learned the eyelash flutter from him and a few other things." 

"And your husband is aware." The Daga sucked his lips against his teeth. "It doesn't help his jealousy." 

"He is aware." Isonei drew in a deep breath. "And it doesn't." 

The carriage was arriving as they took their places in the entrance way. At the Daga's gesture, servants came forward to open the carriage door and help the occupants out. 

Daga Gildith exited first and turned to assist Arissa. "You could have made this offer before we left, Daga Liadith." 

"I needed time to speak to my father and my Keran, and to decide what to do with my guests." He placed his hand on his heart looking at Arissa with a warm smile. "One of them, I hope, may be returning home with you, Daga Gildith." 

The older man looked annoyed. "You find them worthy of such consideration?" 

"Prince Burgath seems to be. He wishes to learn and I find him to be surprisingly good company." 

"And Prince Draeseth?" Arissa asked curiously smiling at Isonei. 

"I'm less sure of his character. The daughter of Liadith has only good things to say of him, but she has always been more sweet than sensible." He gently pushed Isonei forward. "The situation is complicated." 

Daga Gildith inclined his head with a faint smile. "I see you've altered the style of her dress to make it more Lerian. Torgan fashions do not suit her. I hope for dinner she'll be dressed in something more traditional." 

"I find them pretty. But they are uhhmm so much..." she mimed pulling at the collar and Arissa laughed. 

"I want to try one on. It's lovely." 

"Of course!" Isonei beamed. "It will be like when we shared dresses." 

They strolled into the house toward the family rooms. Arissa would be staying in the quarters usually given to a visiting Daga. 

"When did you share dresses?" Daga Gildith asked curiously. 

"We used to try on her Aran dresses, father, and let her try on ours. Zaffre made her pale eyes very bright." 

"I prefer her in scarlet." Daga Liadith spoke wryly. "I am grateful my father claimed her before you could, Daga Gildith." 

"She's easy to love for her sweet nature, but she loved your father best. It was clear she belonged to Liadith." 

When they arrived at the rooms Isonei and Arissa would be sharing, their things were being moved in and hung. Isonei's trunks were arranged in one small storage room, and Arissa's in another. Both, however, would be sharing the bedroom. The Dagas left them to get settled into the room before dinner. 

"Why is your Daga unsure of Prince Draeseth? I thought he approved of the match?" Arissa wandered into Isonei's closet and looked over her gowns. 

"He did." She debated explaining the argument but her unease turned to amusement when Arissa came out with a cloth bag of her silphium and an expression of mock reproach. "Children in Ara are planned; silphium helps make certain it doesn't happen too soon." 

"You're preventing children with your Torgan? That means you're trying to make children with your Torgan." Arissa giggled. 

"He's very good at it!" They settled onto the bed giggling. 

The maid who'd been in her room during the argument with Draeseth entered the bedroom with the healing salve from the day before. Isonei tried to shake her head and discourage the woman from speaking. 

"What is it?" Arissa beckoned the maid closer. 

"Healing salve, Lady Arissa, for Lady Isonei. Daga Liadith was clear." 

"Isonei?" 

Sighing, Isonei rose from the bed and began to unfasten the overdress, letting the maid help her strip down to her Aran chemise. "He can be very enthusiastic." 

Arissa clambered from the bed hurriedly to inspect the fading bruises more closely as the maid began to apply the salve. "Isonei, he hurt you!" 

"No! It wasn't-" Isonei took in the horrified, tearful look on her face and embraced her. "My Draeseth can be rough but he's loving. He wasn't trying to hurt me. I enjoy the biting kisses he gives." She smiled hopefully as Arissa pulled back, but the Lerian woman was still staring at the marks with a profoundly unhappy expression. 

"Your Daga allows this?" 

"No. My Daga was furious. He wanted to part us but after hearing my pleas and speaking to us both and the elder Daga, he changed his mind. Draeseth was commanded to be as gentle with me as a lamb. He's not permitted to bruise me further, not in my Daga's house." 

Nodding slowly, Arissa seemed a little less upset. "Prince Draeseth was too ashamed of what he'd done to join you?" 

"Not-no." Isonei sighed, half turning away and allowing the maid to continue, "We quarreled. He didn't like the dress I was going to wear and he lost his temper when I refused to change. My Daga intervened." 

She leaned her face into Arissa's gentle caress as the woman asked, "What did he do?" 

"He raised his voice to me and I tried to send him to walk the gardens until his temper cooled." 

"Why do I feel you're hiding something from me?" 

"I don't-I would rather not discuss it. Why don't we talk about something more pleasant?" Isonei tried to give her a bright smile. "What are you planning to wear tonight?" 

"You don't want me to think less of your Daga?" Arissa narrowed her eyes. 

"I don't want you to think less of Draeseth, or of me." Wrapping her arms around herself, Isonei struggled to keep the tears starting to burn her eyes from falling. The sudden urge to write to Andnaeuth made her wonder how much of a mistake she was making. 

"What is it you know?" Arissa was speaking to the maid who was now looking as if she wanted to run away. "What's your name?" 

"Amay, Lady Arissa." She glanced at Isonei nervously. 

"Go ahead, Amay. If you don't mind I'm going to go write a letter." Andnaeuth was the one person who might actually understand. 

By the time the two had finished gossiping, she'd filled four sheets of paper front and back with news and her doubts, and how deceived she felt. 

"Isonei? What are you writing?" 

"A letter. I can't send it but it feels good to-to..." Isonei trailed off as Arissa wrapped her arms around her from behind. 

"Why can't you send it?" 

"Andnaeuth has been the one person I can talk to about Draeseth, he's been the only one who wasn't angry with me for my choice. But Draeseth would be even angrier if he knew I was writing him." 

"Why?" Arissa picked up one of the sheets. 

"Andnaeuth wants an arrangement with me; or at least the opportunity to discover if we would be well suited. He spent the time I was kept from Draeseth trying to seduce me." 

Arissa giggled reading her greeting, "He's a jester?" 

"Prince Andnaeuth is the jester king." Isonei smiled shaking her head. "At least that's how he was dressed when we met. He calls me the Queen of Fools." 

"He's like the elder Daga, isn't he." It wasn't a question, Arissa was certain. 

"In some ways." Isonei pressed her arm. "Andnaeuth can lighten the moods of everyone around him when he wants to. He's easy to talk to; he listens, and tells these hilariously awful tales." 

"But?" 

"But he can also be mean spirited and spiteful. Like Draeseth, he's often unhappy; he simply covers it with jests." 

"Why would you choose the Torgan over the jester?" Arissa kissed her head sounding baffled. "He seems better suited to you." 

"I'm fond of them both, and I didn't know Andnaeuth before I leapt into exclusivity with Draeseth." Isonei nibbled the inside of her lip thoughtfully. "Truthfully, if Andnaeuth had taken me to bed as quickly as he wanted to he most likely would have lost interest by now. He says I'm the only woman he ever failed to seduce." 

"Have you finished your letter?" 

"It doesn't really matter; I'll need to burn it instead of sending it. Andnaeuth would write back and it would make things worse." 

"Let me read it before you do!" Arissa took the sheets she'd written, tucking them into a drawer. "We should get ready for dinner. I picked out a dress for you." 

"You picked out a dress for me?" Isonei let herself be led back into the bedroom. There were more maids than Amay in the room now. 
