 Devlin, Poppy and Heather exited the noisy pub laughing.

 'How good was the band?' Heather asked pushing between her two friends and linking arms with them. 

 'So good you had to leap on the stage and grab the lead singer's crotch' Poppy said laughing.

 'In my defence he was wearing the most spectacular leather pants and he looked like he was packing.'

 Devlin ambled along aside the girls, wishing uncharitably that it was just him and Poppy alone. He'd been trying to work up the nerve to ask her out for months. Poppy was hot, an athletic brunette whose legs went all the way up and just kept on going. Tonight she was wearing a tiny red tartan kilt, black ripped fishnets and a tank top with the word Lush scrawled across it. All night he'd wanted to drag her into the unisex bathroom and shag her until she was breathless. 

 'I don't want the night to end' Heather admitted, 'let's go up to Ramblers Woods and see if there's a meteor shower.' Ramblers Woods was a great vantage point for star gazing but it was also the local make out spot.

 Devlin grinned. 'Sounds like a plan' he said secretly thinking that it might give him an opportunity to put the moves on Poppy. If only they could shake off her Heather. There three trudged up the hill in companionable silence. Once at the top even Devlin had to shake off his mood, the view was brilliant, the lights of the town glimmered below.

 Heather was already laying down in the long grass, sprawling happily and staring up at the midnight sky.

 'Sit' she said patting the vacant spot next to her and Poppy and Devlin plopped down and stretched out. Poppy's leg was resting against Devlin's and he was trying not to think about the hard on he was sporting.

 'What the hell is that?' Heather yelled as something bright flashed across the sky.

 For a moment Devlin thought she was referring to his erection and was grateful to realise she was not. 

 'Falling star' he grinned, 'make a wish, but make sure it's a good one.'

 Heather closed her eyes and concentrated, sending her wish out into the universe.

 Seconds later a great beam of light shone down on them, so bright they had to shade their eyes. The wind rustled up whipping at their hair and then then a strange mechanical sound filled the air. Poppy was clinging to Devlin's arm, a quick glance at Heather showed she was excited her lips curved up in a smile. He'd seen that smile more often than he cared to admit, she'd looked like that right before she'd lunged at the lead singer.

 The trio were caught in the tractor beam of light, Poppy was screaming as she was pulled effortlessly into the sky. Quickly followed by Heather and Devlin, it was so fast his mind couldn't keep up with what was happening much less play the role of a hero. White noise filled his ears and Devlin passed out, waking much later to find himself in the belly of a spaceship. It was like being in a big silver metal whale, curved walls, with sleek minimalistic furniture if it could be called that. His eyes adjusted to the light and he could see that Poppy was opposite him. She was shackled to the wall completely nude and he couldn't help but to stare.

 Jesus she was so fucking hot, a furtive glance at her breasts left him surprised, protruding from her nipples were shiny nipple rings. He stole a look between her legs but couldn't tell if she was pierced down below also. Poppy looked in his direction and smiled, her teeth white in the semi dark. 'I didn't think you were ever going to wake up.' Her eyes flicked quickly down to the hard pillar between his legs and then back to his eyes.

 'Heather is missing' she said softly only now beginning to fully comprehend their dilemma.

It was then that Heather ran into the room naked, skidding to a halt between the pair. 

 'We've been abducted' she cried looking quickly over her shoulder. 'There's this weird alien octopus dude who's been chasing me through the halls.' Devlin had a few moments to appreciate Heathers big breasts and the wisp of ginger fluff between her legs. His cock admired the woman openly, pre-cum pooled on the head of it.

 The sound of footsteps alerted them that they were no longer alone, Poppy saw him first and shrieked in fear trying to shrink back into the wall. The man who entered was easily seven feet tall, he wore a dark suit and glasses and the sort of hat you'd see men from the 1940's wearing. He loosened his tie, tossing it aside, and unbuttoned his shirt, emblazoned across his chest was a creature. Whether it was Cthulhu or just a really evil looking octopus Devlin couldn't say, the tattoo looked like something from the depths of a horror writer's imagination.

 'Oh you're all in for a treat' the gravelly voiced monster said as the design on his chest shimmered and the indigo tattoo glowed a vibrant blue, then changed to gold, and the tattoo came alive, tentacles sprang from his body. The three of them screamed as an octopus limb grabbed Heather around her shapely waist, drawing her backwards across the cold metal floor. 

 Devlin's penis shrank in fear as Heather was held aloft, tentacles curved thrice around her waist she dangled like a barbell. The creature licked the end of a tentacle and moved it down between his captive's legs. The woman whimpered but had nowhere to escape as the tip prodded the tight entrance of her hole. 

 'Please, no' she yelled and bucked trying to escape the path the limb was keen to explore more fully.

'Is that please or no?' the alien asked mocking the helpless victim 'I rather think it was please.'

 Devlin watched the tentacle slide between Heathers lips, its wet tip finding her opening. Heathers legs were moving like a frogs like she could somehow swim away from the alien. The octopus limb slid in and out slowly, pushing its way further inside with each calculated thrust. Heather's mouth was opening and closing but no sound came out as she locked eyes with Devlin. 

 Why did she have to look at him he internally moaned, this was insane but it was also fucking hot. He hoped his face showed sympathy or surprise as he watched her being tentacled. Her pussy was starting to make wet sounds and her face was growing pink as the muscular limb ploughed her furrow. She was now trying to move herself backwards and forwards on it despite its ample width.

 Then all of a sudden the alien righted her, her feet pointing down to the floor, she was impaled, her legs straddled on either side of the muscular tentacle. Two other tentacles reached under her legs to support her weight. 

 'You' he nodded to Poppy and Devlin 'will do as I say, or I am going to shove this limb down her throat and shake hands with the tentacle that is already deep inside her.' 

 Heather screamed the anticipation of such a horror was more than she could take. Her eyes rolled up in her head, the whites showing her body listing sideways in a faint. The alien caught her before she could hit the floor.

 'Please don't hurt her' Poppy sobbed, as her breasts jerked up and down with the hitch of her breathing.

 'What do you want us to do? asked Devlin. 

 The creature glided soundlessly across the floor to regard him with interest.

 'What I want is to see the two of you mate,' he paused, 'for purely scientific reasons you understand. You humans are so, interesting.'

 He pressed a pressure pad on the floor and twin metal pillars slid upwards, atop the gleaming metal was a glass filled with a smoky blue liquid. A quick glance at Poppy told him that she was terrified by the prospect but they really had no choice.

 'We'll do it' Poppy said, surprising him.

 The alien grinned and touched another pressure plate on the floor and they were released from their shackles.

 'Drink it up' he said as the woman in his arms stirred slightly and gave a soft groan.

 The pair lifted the drink to their lips and threw it back like they were having a shot at a bar down town.

 Poppy growled, her brow broke out in sweat and her body began to rapidly change. Her skin took on a blue hue, and her body elongated and grew wider and still she growled. Devlin was in shock and awe Poppy was now nearly 7 feet tall and built like a giantess. He couldn't help but to admire her basketball sized breasts or the giant labia between her legs. He could see her clit poking out like a small thumb, its swollen surface red and glistening with arousal.

 'FUCK' she roared and ran towards Devlin, her feet slapping hard on the metal, her breasts bounced with every step. Devlin was at first entranced and then fear took hold. Why the hell wasn't the potion working on him yet, he was still man sized and she was looming over him. Devlin ran with the giantess fast behind him he could hear the cackling laughter of the alien over his current dilemma.

 As he moved Devlin began to change form, he growled as his body elongated, his bones felt like they were on fire as he began to fill out. He was no longer running but pounding loudly as he ran, he looked down to see his penis, massive, club like and hard. Devlin stopped and grabbed Poppy and slammed her into the wall, all he wanted to do was to fuck her and cum. His brain was flooded with heightened sexual feelings that were rapidly multiplying to the enth degree.

 Devlin shoved his mouth over a blue breast and sucked the pierced nipple hard, his other hand squeezed the remaining breast like it was an executive stress toy. Poppy growled as he bit her, her fingers curled into his hair, yanking his head back forcefully, her nipple stretched out painfully. She stomped on his foot and he screamed in surprise hopping backwards as she advanced. With a hard punch to his chest Devlin found himself falling, sliding across the floor towards the alien's feet.

 Poppy thumped her way over leaping atop him while he saw stars and the lights above him seemed to tremble. The woman yanked his penis upward and shoved herself down on him, she was so wet he disappeared up to the hilt. His legs jack-knifed upwards from the force of it and he saw another set of stars. Poppy was laughing as she squatted up and down, slamming herself full of him, delighted with herself.

 Devlin was going to be smashed into dust if he didn't do something quickly he realised. He rocked his hips up, managing to get them under her armpits and kicked her skywards. Poppy flew through the air, her head smacked the top of the roof before she fell heavily on her back. Two could play at this game he thought as a red hot flash of rage and need pulse through him.

 He walked over to Poppy and grabbed an ankle, dragging her towards the alien while his penis throbbed painfully. Poppy was starting to come to and he flipped her over, pushed her up onto all fours while she shook her head trying to clear what was going to be a stellar headache later. The alien reached forwards and grasping each wrist with a tentacle held her still. A wide grin spread over Devlin's face as he positioned himself behind Poppy whose hairless muff was dripping. 

 He glanced up to see that Heather was now awake, her legs pulled up towards her head rendering her completely helpless. Her hands were manacled by the tentacles and held down at her side, while two more tentacles were over her breasts. The suckers engulfed her nipples, pumping and squeezing them in their firm grip. Devlin watched as two more limbs spread her pussy wide and a third limb settled over her clit the sucker attaching itself over it, squeezing. Heather looked like she was going to go completely insane from the sensations. Her eyes looked to him for help.

 Devlin had seen his fair share of porn on the internet and she reminded him of a woman he'd seen so overly aroused that he couldn't tell if she was screaming from pain or pleasure. It was only when she begged the man for more that he realised it was pleasure so great it rendered the person into nothing more than a helpless feeling screaming individual who was being blown away with intense pleasure.

 Poppy now struggled in the aliens grasp growling, Devlin smashed his baseball bat sized cock into her. Poppy grunted and struggled but Devlin grabbed her hips and got to his feet his hold firm. The sight of her fleshy pink lips wrapped around him was more than he could take, he pulled all the way out and reamed her hole wide open. Poppy was stretched tautly between the alien and Devlin her brain high on lust, she tried to wiggle on Devlin the need to cum was overwhelming and all consuming.

 With each smashing thrust Devlin watched as Heather was tentacle fucked between her legs, the limb glistened wetly. Oh please no more she moaned as her legs shook uncontrollably while her body continued to bring her closer to orgasm. She was trying not to watch Poppy's breasts swing and jiggle as Devlin gave her a good hard seeing to, but she couldn't help herself. His thrusts were so forceful Poppy's breasts swung upwards, showing massive blue nipples and then the alien grabbed the nipple rings. She watched Poppy's eyes widen and she began trying to shove herself up to meet Devlin's thrusts, the urgency to cum made the woman whip her head back and forth. 

 Devlin reamed Poppy with every ounce of his strength, slapping against her body like a wild animal as he watched a tentacle begin to probe Heathers tight bud of an asshole. 

 'You can't' she whimpered, 'you can't' but the tentacle knew its way around a woman's body and it probed her. Heather could only groan as her wide eyes grew even wider and she succumbed to both tentacles working her furiously, one hole at a time. She was screaming now 'please let me cum' as she rocked backwards and forwards like a mad woman.

 Devlin's thrust became harder and faster, he slapped Poppy's clit and the giantess roared out her pleasure, her walls throbbed, squeezing him like a fist. Devlin pounded faster as he watched Heather jiggled and thrust into, her face red as she panted lips opening and closing like a fish needing air. In an instant her body trembled, her hips jerked automatically, mindlessly, as she began to squirt, a great liquid arc of pleasure that spattered into Poppy's hair as she sobbed and jerked. 

 Devlin exploded, his mind full of white light as his balls emptied, spraying inside Poppy like a geyser he yelled out his pleasure. Still he kept pumping, spraying like a garden hose as his legs grew weak, he sprawled atop the woman, throbbing, panting, spent. He could dimly hear alien laughter as he passed out for the second time that night.

 When Poppy and Devlin awoke they lay trembling in the grass from their exertions, the sky now growing brighter. Never before had either of them had so much hot sex in such a short amount of time. He didn't think he could get it up again even if he wanted to. 

 'Do you think Heathers wish was for us to have sex or to be abducted by an alien cephalopod?' Poppy mused.

 'Hard to say, this is Heather we are talking about' Devlin answered.

 They started to laugh so hard that they were crying.

 Within the confines of the captain's quarter the shape changing alien sat in his large chair with the naked woman on his lap. He was still clad in his suit pants but the fly was open and a massive bulging octopus like tentacle snaked out, slithered almost and tickled the nubile young woman between the legs. The tip probed for her wet hole, gliding up inside her once found, widening her as the length of it continued to delve in further. Heather moaned and threw back her head, resting happily against the man thing while two suckers clamped over her nipples and tightened their suction.

 'So' he said in her ear 'are you happy with your wish?'

 'Oh yes' Heather moaned as another tentacled arm slithered down over her clit and sucked away forcefully.

 The best kind of stars are not rock stars but falling stars, and as the saying goes all your dreams can come true.