 Thanks to Todger65 for helping me edit another chapter! 

***** 

"I only want a little more detail." Arissa seemed intent on making her regret agreeing to the pages as a wedding gift. Her insistence on more and more detail was aggravating. 

"There isn't just one right way to do any of these things, Arissa. And I would be writing these pages until the end of time if I tried to figure out every single way you could possibly manage to do them." Isonei tried again to explain it to her, "If you listen to each other and take your time you won't need these at all." 

"Can you at least make the pictures more detailed?" Arissa huffed pulling her toward the dining room for dinner. 

"Daga Liadith is good with drawing and painting, I'm not. The pictures are only there to give you a general idea of the position if my descriptions seem unclear." Keeping the exasperation out of her voice was impossible. 

"Are the two of you arguing?" Daga Liadith joined them to walk into the family dining room. 

"She cannot listen. I cannot make more detail." Isonei frowned back at the Daga as he gave her a cautioning look. 

"She is infuriating, Daga Liadith. You would think I was asking for something impossible. I only asked for a little more detail. Her descriptions could be more full and the pictures are barely adequate." 

He settled Arissa into her chair as Isonei flopped herself sullenly into her own. "Her drawing skills leave something to be desired. I'll be happy to illustrate the pages after we've tried them. Perhaps you can elaborate on her descriptions?" 

"Yes. Please." Isonei snapped. "Take these pages and I will find you a-a length of cloth. Write your own pages." 

"I think you've upset her, my dear." 

"I may have been nudging her too hard," Arissa offered noncommittally. 

"You have been nagging me incessantly since we went back to our rooms! I told you I'd be as detailed as I can be, but there isn't just one right way. You don't listen! If you don't listen in bed you'll be very disappointed." Isonei crossed her arms returning Arissa's angry look. 

"Is this how sisters bicker?" Daga Liadith sat in his chair with an amused smile. His smile faded as both of them turned their glares on him. 

"Never intervene when sisters argue, Daga Liadith." Draeseth approached the table dressed in Lerian clothes and Isonei admired him as he came toward them. "It's best to remain silent." 

"You have sisters?" The Daga leapt at the chance to change the subject. 

"No, my father's wife has four. We all learned not to attract their attention when they argued." 

"I have eleven. This is barely an argument." 

"I was raised with three of mine, this is usually as bad as they ever got. But then they spent half of the year with their fathers and we were rarely all together." Isonei gave Arissa a small smile. "Father didn't tolerate bickering; sullen silences until we got bored were more common." 

"I thought he argued when he was unhappy?" Draeseth sat next to her placing his hand on the table. 

"He does, over everything and nothing at all. But if you argue back it makes it worse. Just let him get it all out and get away from him until he's calmed. My mothers taught me that." 

"Perhaps my father should have brought you home years ago. Lord Eliorith will learn to contain his displeasure if he ever wishes to enter this house." 

"I would prefer he never did. I've never liked him. Her brothers are tolerable, usually." 

"He's not always angry. He can be such a dear man, he always said the only good thing to come from my mother's death was that he got to spend so much time with me." 

"And now your husband is taking you far away." Draeseth turned his hand palm up as if asking her to clasp it. 

"Yes." Isonei slipped her hand into his and entwined her fingers with Draeseth's. 

"I would be lying if I said the thought of one of my own daughters leaving Torga with a man I loathed would not make me furious." 

"You chose a man with a temper like your father's. Why?" The Daga looked at her thoughtfully as he made the gesture for the food to be served. 

"I chose because uhhmm he is sweet." Isonei shook her head, not able to explain in Lerian. 

"Tell me, it might be easier in Aran." Arissa offered helpfully. 

"My Draeseth is sweet and eager, charming and earnest. It's easy to see he has a good heart." Isonei smiled warmly at him. "I like that he's passionate, his temper doesn't frighten me." 

"I will learn to control my temper better. I will put my passions in your gentle hands, wife." He leaned close and she pressed her face to his. 

"What was it you told her?" The Daga sounded bemused, "Her father could keep his wine?" 

"He can keep his wine, I will take his daughter. I told her that the first night. I meant it and I still do. Isonei is mine." 

"If you can separate your faces long enough to have dinner with us..." The Daga teased gently, "I'm enjoying this conversation." 

"So am I." Arissa began to sample the foods Daga Liadith had put on her plate. 

Isonei brought Draeseth's hand to her lips to kiss his fingers before she released it and began to choose some of the foods for herself. "These have capers, you might like them." She lifted out a stuffed mushroom cap that was double the usual size. 

Draeseth sampled the mushroom cap and then put several more on his plate. "You know the things I enjoy; I don't think I can choose foods for you as easily." 

"I liked the spiced root vegetables at the dinner in Ara." She offered him a helpful smile. "I don't know quite what they were but they were good." 

"What else did you like? The meats were cooked well." 

"They tasted sour somehow, I could eat them but the oysters and the soup were better." 

"The oysters and the soup were Aran." He grunted in annoyance. "Shellfish isn't something we serve in Torga." 

"Sour meat?" Arissa inquired taking a mushroom cap for herself. 

Derisively, Draeseth clarified, "Arans like their foods sweet and creamy. The meats were all cooked with various wines and seasonings from Torga." 

Isonei gave him a sharp look that he didn't seem to notice. "Do you consider manirel sweet," she paused, "or creamy, my flower wine?" 

"They do like sweet and creamy foods, but they also like heat and spice. Both in a meal isn't uncommon." Daga Liadith helpfully offered. "You might consider what spices were used on the vegetables and try them on meats." 

Turning to the Daga, "Did she ever make you try that wretched dried squid she used to bring with her?" Arissa shuddered. 

"Once." He made a disgusted face. "The dried fish wasn't any better." 

"I knew better than to try the fish after tasting the squid." Arissa shook her head with a smile. 

"I've had Aran dried fish." Draeseth glanced at Isonei, "It was not edible." 

"From the man who eats hare." Isonei sat back in her chair waiting for the next course of the meal. 

"Hare is delicious." Daga Liadith teased making Draeseth bark a laugh. 

The next course was something more unusual, large shallow bowls ringed with flat, bowl-like spoons. Isonei studied the bowls carefully before looking at the Daga in surprise. "Venison? Like your father made?" 

"I didn't make it myself the way he did, but yes." 

Isonei excitedly dipped out some of the tender meat and finely diced vegetables with the thick dark gravy. 

"Venison?" Arissa looked at it dubiously. 

"Try it!" Isonei beamed at her before taking a bite from the flat spoon and closing her eyes in delight. The earthy sweetness and hint of smokiness were perfect and the venison melted in her mouth. She almost expected to see the elder Daga when she opened her eyes again; it was almost exactly like his. 

"You like venison?" Draeseth looked pleased getting some of his own on a spoon. 

"I like this venison." She watched as he took a bite. 

A smile spread over his features. "It's good. I was beginning to worry we couldn't eat the same food." He dipped out more and asked the Daga, "Would you allow Krouth to consult your cook? Having one meal I know she will enjoy would ease my mind."  

"It's my father's recipe." The Daga looked at Draeseth speculatively, "You could ask him for permission. He would like to speak with you." 

"Does he still favor me over Andnaeuth?" The Torgan straightened in his chair. 

"I thought you were making an arrangement that might include him?" Arissa hesitantly tasted the portion of venison on the spoon the Daga had given her. 

"If I must. I would prefer to have my wife to myself but I need her. I will do what she requires." He gave Isonei a faintly pained smile. "She loves and respects the elder Daga; if he favors me she may change her mind and choose me." 

"He favors you because she does. There is a difference in the way she speaks of you, pride in the way she insisted to me you defend her. My father thinks she needs some encouragement to be happy, Arans make things more complicated than they need to be. If you show her love and treat her well, she is loyal and loving." 

"I will speak with him." The heat in his dark gaze made Isonei's belly flutter. "Will you take me in the morning as you took Lady Arissa?" 

Daga Liadith answered instead, "I will take you down myself. I wasn't permitted to be there when he spoke to Arissa; she isn't permitted to be there when he speaks to you." 

"Why?" Isonei asked with a frown. "I wanted to go." 

"Your Daga has said you are not permitted." Daga Liadith gave her a look that suggested arguing would be taken badly and she inclined her head reluctantly. 

"Yes my Daga." 

"I think they want to talk about you and they don't want you to get upset or feel as though you need to defend anyone." Arissa volunteered. 

"True. And the sight of her on the sarg might be too disturbing for him on his first visit." The Daga gave Draeseth a wry smile, "When she's unhappy she wants to be held, my father is glad to do it." 

"Not only when I am unhappy my Daga." Isonei gave him a small smile before having more of the venison. 

"I am aware of how much you like to be close. When I am permitted, I will be more than pleased to take that task from him." 

"I doubt he considers it a task. She is always happy to visit with him and he cherishes his time with her." There was a slight edge to his tone, and she looked at the Daga curiously. "We will discuss it tomorrow. My father has a way with people, it will be more pleasant." 

"He does. I look forward to visiting him again. He's so much more charming than you are, how did that happen?" Arissa teased with a bright smile. 

"He says all it requires is listening and trying to put people at their ease." The sparkle in his eyes made it clear he was deliberately echoing Isonei's earlier words. 

Isonei muttered under her breath, "If neither of you can listen maybe you will need the pages." Two pairs of startled green eyes turned on her and she realized she wasn't quite quiet enough. 

"I didn't know you had sour moods, wife." Draeseth moved his chair closer eyeing her with amusement. "If I were permitted, I would attempt to kiss you out of it as you do for me." 

"You probably could, I forget about everything else when you kiss me." She smiled at him and leaned against his arm, turning slightly in her chair to let their legs touch. 

"I haven't seen her in a sour mood since she was scolded for something my sister Varenia did and her father refused to listen." 

"When we've finished eating I'll allow you to walk Arissa to her rooms and join your husband. Perhaps he can sweeten your mood." 

"Does the restriction on touching her still stand? It would be easier-" 

"It does. I won't risk her being bruised in my house. Lambs in Torga are rougher than those here in Leria." The Daga gave him a pointed look. 

"I have a lot of ideas, my flower wine. If you can control your desire and refrain from touching me, I think you'll enjoy them." 

"I've enjoyed all of your ideas, wife." He took her flat spoon and ladled more venison into it before handing it back to her. 

"It doesn't bother you that she learned some things from other men?" Arissa nibbled at what was on her spoon hesitantly, glancing at Isonei. "She learned a lot from her sisters but..." 

"It does. I was always taught that a wife should be for her husband alone." Draeseth took a large bite and looked as though he was carefully considering his next words as he chewed. "But my own mother chose not to wait for a husband. I have seen at court that many of the Ladies do the same. I try not to dwell on it." 

"That baffles me, my Draeseth. If I were inexperienced, being with you that first night would have been unpleasant. I appreciate whoever taught you how to please a woman, and I appreciate that you choose to please me with your skills. Desire is a choice. It shouldn't upset you that I've been with others because I choose now to be with you." 

"Do you think of them when you..." He looked away and the muscles of his jaw clenched. "As you think of Andnaeuth when you flutter your lashes?" 

"When I'm touching you, I'm not thinking of anyone else. Why would I think about the way another man wants to be touched when it's you I want to please? It's the sounds of your pleasure that I listen for. Every time we're together I choose. I choose to be with you, to lose myself in the sound of your voice and the feel of your skin. I choose to give you all of my desire each time. To open myself for you, to invite you-" 

Draeseth rose in a smooth motion and pulled her from the chair abruptly, capturing her lips and kissing her with an earnest intensity, an almost violent need. She didn't resist, she invited him with the brush of her tongue, stroking his hair soothingly. When he broke the kiss he growled something to the Daga in Torgan and swept her legs up cradling her against his chest, moving purposefully toward his room. 

"Husband, my Draeseth, I have duties yet to do. Please be calm. Please." She spoke softly and stroked his face. 

A strangled sound came from him as he slowed. Sinking to his knees he let her climb from his arms as he panted and struggled to control himself. "Wife." 

"I'm here. I'm not going to run from you or vanish." Wrapping her arms around his head she pressed his face into her bodice as she stood in front of him. 

His arms wrapped around her hips, he spoke without pulling his face away, "You choose me?" 

"Each time, yes. I choose you over and over again." 

He groaned pulling her closer and holding her almost painfully tight before loosening his grip. "Finish your duties and come to me. I need." 

"I will." Isonei stroked his hair as he lifted his face to look up at her with need and unhappiness radiating from his features. 

"Do not linger." 

"I won't." Pulling herself away from him was difficult but if she didn't it would be far worse for both of them. 

The servants were hovering around the table as she reentered the room. The Daga looked almost surprised to see her returning. "The way he snarled that you were his wife, after seeing my displeasure at his defiance of my commands, I expected him to be trying to take advantage of his last hours here." 

"My Daga, it wasn't defiance, it was need." Isonei let her unhappiness with the situation show on her face sitting heavily in her chair and leaning on her elbow. "To hear me say that I choose him was more than he could bear. I ask you not to punish him for it; he released me as soon as I reminded him I still had duties." 

"You are to speak Lerian to me, daughter of Liadith." His eyes widened as she made no effort to hide her own displeasure, fixing him with a black look. 

"Cast me out, my Daga. I will not be laughed at any further tonight." She didn't blink or look away as his eyes changed to a shade of green that made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. "I will do my duties, as Keran and then as a wife. Tomorrow you may receive an apology; I have none to offer tonight." 

"I never saw a resemblance... but when you look like that you look so much like Lord Eliorith," Arissa spoke into the stony silence. "I'm sorry that I asked him that question. I didn't mean to upset either of you, Isonei." 

"You wanted to know the answer because you're afraid." Isonei shifted her unhappy gaze to Arissa. "You think the Daga is making the match because he can't have the one he wants. I know that you're wrong but you won't believe it from my mouth, you need to hear it from his. But he can't know what you need until you tell him. Neither of you listen well and you need to learn how or whether the match stands or not your lives will be filled with disappointment." 

She took a deep breath and closed her eyes running her hands over her face. "As a sister, a Keran, and a friend, I am telling you both to talk to each other about the things that make you unhappy and uncomfortable and angry. Put a window between yourselves and scream at each other if you have to, but be heard." 

There was silence and she took another deep breath before looking up. Both Arissa and Daga Liadith were looking embarrassed. Neither looked at her or each other. "If dinner has ended I will walk Lady Arissa back to our rooms and wait for the maids to arrive." 

The Daga inclined his head and cleared his throat before speaking, "Of course." 

Arissa rose from the table meekly, taking Isonei's hand, walking with her in silence back to the rooms. Waiting inside the door for the maids she rubbed her hands together impatiently. 

"Are you angry with me?" Arissa was perched on the edge of one of the chairs. "You look angry." 

"No. I'm not angry, I'm... I don't know. I feel like my skin is on too tight." 

"I'd suggest a long bath but..." Arissa smiled at her sheepishly. 

"If the evening is too short I may take one when I come back." Isonei tried to give her a smile. 

"It's a shame Draeseth wasn't at the table to see you lose your temper with the Daga." Arissa teased her gently. "He should see that rare occurrence before he decides if he wants to keep you." 

"He's seen it! I lost my temper with Prince Burgath before you arrived." Isonei smiled wryly coming to sit near Arissa. 

"Is that why he said you have a sharp tongue?" 

"It is. But he liked it. After I snapped at and insulted his brother he said he wanted me and my sharp tongue in the bedroom." She laughed as Arissa broke into giggles blushing furiously. "We didn't make it that far. We ended up on the breakfast table." 

"No!" Arissa stood and dragged her to the sofa, sitting with her comfortably. "How did you break the dishes?" 

Amay knocked briefly before entering with two of the other maids interrupting them. "The Daga said we may be here for several hours?" 

"If I take too long you can have my bed, Amay. I'll climb into bed with Arissa when I get back." 

"Yes!" Arissa clasped her hands and almost bounced off of the sofa. "I'll get to hear about your evening right away! I want every detail!" 

Isonei was dragged toward the door and almost shoved out of it. Smiling to herself she shook her head, she had promised not to linger. She set off eagerly toward where she knew Draeseth would be impatiently waiting. 
