 Really truly enormous thanks to Todger65, I think this is the 10th chapter he's edited for me so far. It's such a huge help! I really do appreciate it! 

***** 

Isonei jerked awake again, shuddering as she looked up at the ceiling in the darkness. Her dreams were all of being chased out of her father house by a shadowy monster and when she stepped over the threshold she fell as if it were a cliff. Every time she calmed herself enough to fall back asleep the dream came again. 

Perhaps a long warm soak would calm her. She tried to rise quietly. 

"Isonei?" Arissa whispered in the dark. 

"Go back to sleep, I've been having bad dreams and I'm going to soak a bit to see if that helps." 

"I'll come too. I've have the same dream three times tonight, I don't want to go back to sleep." The Lerian woman was getting out of bed hurriedly to light a lamp. 

"What are yours about?" Isonei took her hand as they walked through the rooms to the bath. 

"Tell me yours first." Arissa squeezed her hand. 

As Isonei began to run the water into the tub she told about the shadowy monster and being chased out of her father's house. When she told of jerking awake as she crossed the threshold and fell, Arissa came over to kiss her head. 

"Mine have been trying to get to the ceremony, I can't find it and I know I'm late... when I get there I'm naked and my father looks at me with such disappointment." 

Isonei embraced her. After a long moment she teased gently, "I'll walk you to the ceremony if you'd like, and I promise I won't let you leave our rooms unless you're properly dressed." 

Arissa giggled and poked her in the side. "I can't offer you any help with yours, except to promise no one will ever chase you out of this house." 

Helping each other wash and climbing into the warm water together Arissa sighed. "I'm going to miss bathing with you. When I was a child I hated bathing with my sisters, I was so happy to be allowed to bathe alone. But this has been so nice; I think I'll be lonely without you." 

Smiling and shaking her head as she turned herself in the water to be face to face with Arissa, Isonei reassured her, "You won't be lonely. The Daga will bathe with you if you ask him to and I can give you some ideas of things to do in the bath that will make baths with you the only way he wants to bathe." 

They giggled together and Arissa pressed her face to Isonei's the way Draeseth enjoyed doing. "I wish you could stay." 

"Part of me wishes I could too. It took me too long to come home. I will miss spending time with you and the elder Daga... and throwing things at the younger Daga." Isonei grinned impishly as Arissa began to laugh. 

"When he starts to miss you I'll throw something at him." 

"And when I come back to visit the first thing he'll say will be, 'I haven't missed you at all, daughter of Liadith.'" 

They laughed until they were breathless. Isonei wasn't sure why; the jest wasn't that funny but it was almost impossible to stop. 

"Are you sleepy yet?" Arissa asked after they'd quieted and soaked for a time. 

"No, I don't know why but I feel very awake." Isonei gave her a rueful smile. 

"So do I." The Lerian woman looked thoughtful for a moment and then smiled, "Why don't we go work on my wedding present. I want to get as many details from you as I can before your Torgan drags you away." 

Isonei couldn't help but smile, "I'll give you what I can. And he wouldn't drag me; he'd throw me over his shoulder." She made a face as Arissa began to laugh again. 

Drying themselves and putting their nightdresses back on, they went to the study to work on the pages. Starting with the bath, and then the breakfast table, before discussing the things Arissa had seen through the window. They were giggling and writing together when the maids came in to rouse them. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Breakfast almost felt normal. Daga Liadith went out of his way to make Draeseth comfortable and that eased Isonei's disquiet. She had been concerned about his mood. 

After the surprisingly pleasant breakfast, she and Arissa went down to speak to the elder Daga. The crypts still seemed blissfully quiet and Isonei almost embraced the veiled priest when he greeted them with a hand to his heart and a gesture to the Sarg. 

Once Arissa was settled on the kneeler, he inquired, "How did you sleep?" 

"Not well my Daga. But I feel you know." Isonei smiled pressing her cheek to the warm stone. 

"The light in your window was noticed. Why were you awake for half of the night, sweet girl?" 

"We both were." Arissa offered from beneath his hand. "We had terrible dreams and thought a warm soak would help. Instead it woke us thoroughly." 

"You'll both be falling asleep by dinner." He teased gently. 

"We could sleep on the benches again after lunch; my father should arrive closer to dinner." 

"That sounds good." Isonei stifled a yawn. "You want to be awake to speak to your father." 

"Are you looking forward to speaking to your brothers?" His tone was careful and curious. 

"I'm not sure. They rarely disagree with my father... I don't know what to expect." 

"Maybe that's why you dreamt you were being chased out of his house?" Arissa suggested. "The worst part of my dreams was the disappointed look on my father's face." 

"You are both loved dearly. Be open and honest with those you love, you won't regret it, my sweet girls." 

"I am going to lack you my Daga." Isonei smiled sadly, feeling a few tears welling. Thinking of leaving, how close it was, made her heart ache. 

"I will miss you too my sweet girl. But you will come home this time, as often as it can be arranged. Won't you?" The hint of sadness in his voice brought her tears spilling out. 

"Maybe she could stay? Does he have to take her to Torga?" 

"I told him I would go." Isonei sighed, pressing her cheek to the sarg. "It was easier before I came home but he promised I can come back as often as I need to." 

"He likes it here. I'll make sure when you visit you stay as long as you can." Arissa smiled at her warmly. 

"And if the match should fail... I hope you will return to this house." 

"Yes, my Daga. This is home." She smiled sadly rubbing her damp cheek against the stone. 

Isonei lay quietly as Arissa and the elder Daga spoke, not listening to the conversation as her mind wandered. If the match should fail... part of her felt as if it had already. Her mothers had said an arrangement takes a great deal of work, and that sometimes they quarreled with each other and had both considered leaving her father for his temperament. It required deciding if the arrangement was worth the work, and putting yourself into it. 

It would be foolish to give up now. He had been trying so hard since coming to Leria to help her with her tasks and as much as they adored each other they still needed to learn each other better. She should let him have a chance to regain her trust. How he might do that was beyond her but she would try to give him the opportunity. Sighing, she realized the chamber was quiet. 

Arissa was looking at her curiously, "You didn't answer. He said you were thinking and it was best not to disturb you. What were you thinking about so solemnly?" 

"Something my mothers said. Arrangements take a great deal of work to be successful. I don't know how Draeseth can regain my trust," Isonei saw Arissa's disappointed expression, "but I will give him the opportunity to do it." 

The Lerian woman brightened, "Good. He's very sweet and he loves you." 

"The choice is hers to make, if she should wish to leave him she should not be pressed to remain." 

"Didn't you say she needs encouragement to be happy because Arans complicate everything? I'm encouraging her." 

She smiled ruefully, "Perhaps Lerians try to make complicated things too simple." 

"Perhaps, sweet girl. Go rest, and tell your Daga I think you should help choose Lady Arissa's gift for the ceremony." 

"Yes my Daga." Isonei grinned at Arissa's giddy expression. 

After she rose from the sarg and kissed the elder Daga's name, the Lerian woman nearly dragged her from the crypts to find Daga Liadith. Checking his study first and finding it empty, Isonei inquired politely of one of the servants where he might be. Arissa was dragging her toward the family rooms before the man had finished his sentence informing them the Daga was in his chamber. 

"You're not supposed to be alone and it's not appropriate for you to go into his-" Isonei tried to protest. 

Arissa rapped sharply on the door to the room Draeseth was in, glowering at Isonei. "I'll sit with them if I have to. You go help him pick out my gift!" 

"We can take a few moments and summon the maids. You're so excitable." Isonei was trying not to laugh at the woman's pout. "They probably aren't even here." 

The door snapped open and Krouth stood looking at both of them with frosty disapproval. "Lady Isonei, Lady Arissa. It isn't appropriate for you to-" The sound of Draeseth's furious voice enunciating something that sounded profoundly unpleasant in Torgan brought the man up short. "Please, come in." He stepped aside stiffly. 

The Torgan Prince was rising from the floor, "Forgive his rudeness. It is never inappropriate for my wife to come to me." His look to Isonei was hopeful as he held out his hand. 

"There may be some places or situations," Isonei offered with a faint smile stepping forward to take his hand. "But in my room shouldn't be one of them." She turned her head slightly to give Krouth a cool look and he bowed. 

Draeseth lifted her hand to his lips with an amused smile. "Are you in a sour mood?" 

"I'm a little tired. Arissa and I had bad dreams last night and spent most of it awake." 

He stepped forward pulling her against him and stooping to kiss her head. "You will sleep next to me soon and you will sleep better, I promise you." 

Arissa huffed with impatience and annoyance behind her and Isonei ignored her, "I know." Leaning against him she asked, "How did you sleep?" 

"Isonei! Stop chatting with him and ask!" Arissa snapped at her. 

"You're the one who wants a favor from him, you ask!" Isonei snapped back with the same sharpness. 

"You are infuriating!" 

She heard a foot stamp behind her and tried to turn around but Draeseth held her in place. "You are both tired. What favor would you ask of me daughter of Gildith?" 

"Isonei was told to offer her help to the Daga in choosing the gift for me. He's in his chamber and I'm not permitted to go inside yet." 

"You require two to sit with you?" He asked thoughtfully. 

"Yes! I thought, perhaps, you and Master Krouth might be willing." The tone of her voice sounded as if it were a foregone conclusion. 

"We were in the middle of our prayers, Lady Arissa." Krouth offered almost apologetically. "I will summon the maids for you." 

"Thank you, Krouth." Isonei answered for her. 

"Why don't you ring for them and let Isonei go now?" Arissa was glaring at her; she could feel it on her back. 

"Have you been arguing all morning?" Draeseth squeezed her and rubbed her back. 

"No, she forgets all of her manners when gifts are involved and I'm too tired to pretend it's not annoying." Isonei muttered into his tunic. 

He made an amused sound in his throat. "You weren't this sour when I wasn't letting you get enough sleep at night." 

"You kept kissing me, how could I be sour?" She tried to poke him but through the thick layers of cloth and leather she doubted he felt it. "And you did let me take naps." 

"Don't prod your husband, wife." He rubbed the back of her neck idly. "You should both go take a nap." 

"We will." Arissa huffed, "After she helps the Daga with my gift." 

"Lady Arissa requires the maids for an escort." Krouth very coolly informed someone in Lerian. 

"Thank you, Krouth." Arissa imitated Isonei almost snidely in Aran. 

"Isonei lies on the bed while we pray; you may do so if you wish." Draeseth offered, reluctantly releasing Isonei. 

"That is inappropriate!" Krouth looked appalled as Isonei turned to face him. 

"A Daga knows what goes on in his house. As long as you both are praying while she lies on my bed," Isonei very clearly emphasized the 'my', "there is nothing inappropriate about it." 

"I enjoy it when you speak so sharply, woman." Draeseth leaned to murmur into her ear. 

"Only because she isn't speaking that way to you." Arissa sat heavily on the bed to wait. 

"If she forgets to thank you for watching her, let me know." Isonei gave Draeseth a teasing look as she moved toward the door. 

"I don't need to be watched like a child!" The Lerian woman snatched up one of Isonei's pillows and threw it at her. 

Krouth picked it up and dusted it off, speaking soothingly as one would to a child, "Of course not, Lady Arissa. Perhaps you would be more comfortable lying down?" He placed the pillow at the foot of the bed. "Would you like help with your shoes?" 

Isonei left the room trying not to laugh. The Daga's room was not far, just past what had once been his previous room. She knocked on the heavy carved door hoping it could be heard within. After waiting a few moments she knocked again. 

The Daga opened it wearing an annoyed expression until he saw who was knocking. "Isonei? What do you need? Where is Arissa?" 

"Your father suggested I assist you in picking out her gift. Arissa dragged me from the crypts and insisted that Draeseth and Krouth should sit with her until the maids are available." The way his eyebrows raised made her shake her head, "They went back to praying and she's lying down on my bed. She'll probably be asleep before the maids arrive. Krouth's voice could put anyone to sleep even if they weren't as tired and she and I are." 

He sucked his lips against his teeth looking thoughtfully down toward her room. "I could use some help. Nothing seems right." 

"I will help." Isonei gave a shrug of her shoulders and he opened the door allowing her in. 

"Did my father allow you in here when you were a child?" 

"No. This is the first time I've been allowed in." She looked around with interest. The furniture was all very heavy and ornately carved with many of the same motifs as in the crypts. 

"Speak Lerian, daughter of Liadith. Please?" He gave her a rueful smile. "I won't laugh and I will correct you." 

"Yes, my Daga, if it pleases." 

He inclined his head and gestured toward a half dozen boxes laid out on the bed, each with a necklace, ranging from delicate and understated to those more like what she and Arissa had worn to the formal dinner. "None seem right." 

She nodded and tried to think of a delicate way to ask if there were more. 

"I should have had one made for her." The Daga sounded exasperated. 

"Uhhmm... what else?" 

"What else?" He repeated giving her an annoyed look. 

"Yes. What else?" She looked around curiously. 

"Feel free to look." The Daga sourly opened a small hidden door set between his closets. The way it was carved it looked like part of the ornate decoration holding a mirror and two washbasins. 

Getting on her hands and knees, Isonei began to pull everything out of the space. It was nearly filled with wooden boxes of various sizes carefully arranged to fit. "Look, look." She encouraged him as he pulled the stacks away from around her giving her room. 

"Are you going to pull everything out?" He sounded shocked and more than a little annoyed, "You're making a mess." 

Muttering in Aran, she crawled a little further in to reach more, "Feel free to look, but don't move anything! Small wonder you can't find anything. You're supposed to be the clever one." Switching back to Lerian she raised her voice, "You must move some things to look or you find nothing." 

She pushed more boxes out and came to a very large one, dragging it toward the door. As soon as she pulled it out into the open she could see the painted design on the top of the box, something the rest didn't have. Isonei looked to the Daga for permission and he nodded coming around behind her. 

Inside the box was a necklace unlike anything she'd seen. It was in the Lerian style, circling the neck, sweeping out across the shoulders and draping down over the bust, but instead of being mostly pearl it was mostly made of brilliant scarlet stones that caught the light even lying in the box. Sizable scarlet gemstone flowers ringed the neck, unlike Draeseth's carcanet where the center was a stone and the petals were gold, the entire flower was made of the gems and the barest hint of gold leaves kept the stones in position. From the ring of flowers dangled several long lines of somewhat smaller teardrop shaped gems and strung between them were gold strands of alternating tiny pearls and more tiny scarlet stones. 

After a moment of staring wordlessly, Isonei collected herself and looked up at the stunned Daga. "That, my Daga. Choose that." 

"Yes... That's perfect. How did you know it was in there?" He looked at her with a bemused smile. "Speak Aran if you lack the words." 

"I didn't know it was in there, but I know you my Daga, you used to lose things and you never moved anything to look. I just thought..." 

"The older I get the less clever I feel." He gave her an annoyed smile. 

"There is more. You can look." She patted his shin and tried to get to her feet. 

"You can pull them all out for me and put them all back, daughter of Liadith." He stepped on her dress. "You're not going to make your Daga crawl around on the floor?" 

Isonei made a face up at him. "You can ask nice. I am better help than you." 

"I could ask nicely, true. What do you mean by the second part?" The Daga looked deeply amused. 

"I am much more helpful than you are." She fluttered her lashes up at him. 

Daga Liadith sucked his lips against his teeth and pushed her head to the side playfully. "Helpful and clever, but never quiet. 'Small wonder' you get to help me. Who knows what your Daga would miss if you left the task up to him?" 

Nodding sagely she kept a straight face and agreed with him, "True." 

His mouth dropped in incredulous exasperation and he looked as if he was trying to find a retort as she watched, keeping her face schooled to seriousness. After a moment he wordlessly pointed to the small doorway and picked up the box with the gift for Arissa. 

She grinned and clapped, "I won! I finally won!" 

As he set the box on the bed he started to laugh. "Is this the good part or the bad part of having a sister?" 

Grinning impishly as she started back into the doorway, she spoke over her shoulder, "Oh, it gets worse." 

The Daga began laughing the way she and Arissa had the night before as if the jest were wretchedly funny. Isonei couldn't stifle her own giggles as she pulled out the last boxes. Most of the smaller boxes were rings of various sizes and styles. Other boxes held brooches, belts with gold or gems, bracelets, some pieces the Daga said were meant to be worn in the hair in a much older style. Once those had all been looked at she began trying to fit them back in. 

"You should try to put them in with some sense of organization." The Daga watched critically. 
