 My thanks to Todger65 for helping me edit! 

***** 

Isonei's mind swam with questions and everything still felt a bit surreal as she was helped into the carriage. She blinked in confusion as Krouth joined her with the healing salve. "Where is my Draeseth?" 

The slim Torgan perched next to her to apply the salve with a gentle hand, "He is still too angry with your brothers to be good company, Lady Isonei. I pity anyone who attempts to accost our carriages." With the salve applied he pulled a rag from a pouch at his side and cleaned his hand before closing the small salve container and putting both it and the rag away. 

He moved to the other side of the carriage and looked at her with some concern. "I was told to keep you company and make certain you were not badly harmed." The man paused as if studying her, "Tell me what happened?" 

She winced and shook her head. "I don't want to. I..." Isonei wrapped her arms around herself and tried not to let the tears start again. 

"How many times were you struck?" Krouth's voice was gentle and soothing. 

"Once. He knocked me from the sofa." 

"With the back of his hand I judge... We're very lucky he didn't split your lip." 

Nodding, she looked out of the window, admitting quietly, "My mouth tastes like blood." 

The Torgan moved back to sit next to her, turning her head away from the window with a frown. "Let me see. Open your mouth, Lady Isonei." Gingerly, he tilted her head for the light and peered in as she complied. After a moment he opened the door and leaned out to bark something angrily in Torgan. 

"What's wrong?" Isonei looked at him with unease as he took his seat on the other side of the carriage again. 

"The way he struck you caused your teeth to cut your inner cheek, my Lady. When we stop I'll make a small poultice of your silphium for you to hold in your cheek. I understand it has some healing qualities?" 

"I..." she blinked. "I don't know. I've only ever seen it used to manage the size and timing of a family." 

"I made inquiries when I learned you would be traveling with a large amount of it, Lady Isonei. I wished to be certain Prince Draeseth was not travelling with a poisoner." He offered a faint smile. 

She stared at the man, uncertain if she should be amused or offended. "A poisoner who dutifully takes her poison every day?" 

The slim Torgan shrugged nonchalantly, "Some poisons can be taken in small doses." 

Shaking her head and choosing to feel amused, she looked back through the window. Her brother's words kept ringing through her ears. After a several long moments Krouth cleared his throat and she turned her attention back to him. 

"It would help to know what happened, my Lady. Prince Draeseth will ask." 

"I have questions as well." Isonei looked down at her hands. "The things my brother said..." She closed her eyes against the threatening tears. 

"He spoke to you cruelly? Because you're considering a marriage to Prince Draeseth?" Krouth's soothing tone had returned. 

"He said... that I'm putting Draeseth before my father; that I'm-I'm ungrateful..." The tears squeezed past her eyelids and her breath hitched. 

The sound of the door opening and Krouth speaking urgently was followed promptly by the stopping of the carriage and Draeseth heaving himself hurriedly into it. She buried her face in his black tunic as he pulled her into his lap and stroked her back, tenderly murmuring to her in Torgan. As her ragged breathing calmed, he and Krouth began to converse in their unintelligible language. 

"Krouth thinks you worry about being ungrateful?" Draeseth pressed a kiss to the top of her head. 

"Yes." Isonei breathed and kept her face buried in his tunic. 

"You're wiping off your salve, Lady Isonei." Krouth chided gently. "If you put her on the other side of you, and let her lay her head on your lap, your Highness, it would keep the salve safe and help her heal." 

The large Torgan moved her as easily as if she were a doll, adjusting his own position to give her space to curl on the seat. She wriggled a hand under his thigh, holding it like a pillow as she rested her head on it, allowing Krouth to apply a touch more of the salve. 

"Make the poultice required, Krouth. I will speak with her." 

The man slipped from the carriage with a curt nod and it began to move again. 

"Your brother was trying to hurt you with his words my soft, silver jewel. You have done nothing wrong and you are not ungrateful." He stroked her head lightly. 

"He said I'm abandoning them, abandoning my mothers and our father who raised me." 

"You still call them your mothers, and you still call Lord Eliorith your father. I would have thought an Aran would understand that you are only adding to your family." His finger traced a line over her temple and it made her scalp tingle. "Tell me everything, wife, not bits and pieces." 

With a pained sigh she closed her eyes and began to tell him everything that had been said and done from the moment they arrived at the door of the room, from his apology for hurting her hand to the claim that they didn't want her. Draeseth wiped her tears with the sleeve of his tunic as she spoke, remaining silent until she had finished. 

"You have done nothing wrong, my Isonei. Liadith may not have spent as much time with you, but they were more loving and I would wager the Torga Kroscur that they are more loyal. Even so, you did not abandon House Ernelis, they chose not to share you with Liadith. They are the ones doing the abandoning my jewel." 

"A daughter doesn't change Houses." She murmured and began to worry the inside of her lip with her teeth. 

He pulled her lip away from her teeth and chided, "You are not permitted to chew on your lip. I will be deprived of your kiss while you heal I would not have it take a moment longer than it must." Running his fingers over her lips lightly he asked gently, "The ceremony in Leria, Lady Arissa changed Houses?" 

"No, she changed Dagas. Daga Gildith released her and she chose to go to Liadith. She will always be a daughter of Gildith, but now her Daga is Liadith." It reminded her, "You were unhappy before the ceremony and wanted to speak to me? I never had the chance." 

"I wanted to ask you to change into something more modest for the festivities. I had not thought it possible for you to look more... provocative than you had the first time you wore that dress. Allowing you to be seen that way by other men was torturous." 

Isonei's brow furrowed in puzzlement, "What do you mean?" 

"That dress and the jewelry made you look-" 

"No my Draeseth, what other men? There were only our brothers and-" 

He barked a laugh cutting her off. "That you don't see them as men... Burgath will be crushed. I think he has secretly hoped to win you away from me." 

She rolled enough to look up at his viciously grinning face feeling bemused, "Why would he ever hope that?" 

"Woman, he has not had your Daga pointing out your hidden faults." He smiled down at her and caressed her face. "I know the flaws in my perfect jewel." 

Her mouth opened in mock offense and she tried to poke him without pulling her other hand from beneath his thigh. "And Arissa thought you were so sweet!" 

His smile faded as he captured her hand and kissed her fingers. "You know better, wife. I am not always sweet." Draeseth studied her face, "You have not asked." 

The thought of asking made her curl again closing her eyes and clinging to his thigh. "I'm afraid to." 

"Why?" He stroked her hair. 

"Will you be upset with me if-if..." 

"No. I know hearing will not please you, but I also know you will not chide me. I will not be upset with you for your unhappiness." 

Isonei nodded tentatively, "What-what happened? Are they-are they going to be alright?" 

With a soft grunt he began to trace the line over her temple again that made her scalp tingle. "I heard Daga Liadith storm from his chamber and call for a servant. I opened the door out of concern and heard him say that you had been struck, he was commanding Daga Gildith be sent to attend you. I knew none of that house would have struck you, it must have been your brother and that he would flee." 

She felt his thigh tense under her head. "I caught him before he passed the gate on his horse. I pulled him from it and he began to curse and cast insults at me, at Daga Liadith, and at you my soft hearted wife." He massaged the skin where her hair met her face. "I would not have repeated the words he spoke even if your Daga had not forbidden me to. Believe me, my jewel, he deserved more than the beating I gave him." 

"And-and Ivorith?" Isonei swallowed and shivered. 

"He crossed under the Daga's gate unwelcomely, with a blade drawn. I disarmed him and gave him some of his brother's punishment. He was fortunate that the riding crop broke and Daga Liadith called an end to the beating before I had finished." 

Her eyes opened in surprise, "A riding crop? But your hands-" His fingers lightly brushed down her face closing her eyes again. 

"Ialath struck at me with his riding crop. I took it from him and used it; that did not stop me from striking him with my fists." He resumed his massage at the edge of her scalp. "I prefer using my fists." There was a pause before he reassured her, "They were alive and Ivorith was able to get his brother on the horse to lead him out. If they come near you again, my gentle wife, they will not be so lucky a second time." 

Shivering again she turned her face down, pressing it more firmly into his thigh, drawing a juddering breath. The thought of never seeing them again hurt as much as the thought that they hated her. This hurt, this wound in House Ernelis, couldn't be mended. The racking sobs wrenched their way out of her. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

A low Torgan murmuring made Isonei try to roll over and find a more comfortable position to ignore the voices in. Her eyes opened with annoyance as she was prevented and someone took hold of the hand that wasn't pinned under her heavy pillow. 

Krouth was leaning close in front of her, "Lady Isonei, I need you to open your mouth for the poultice." 

"Did she really sob herself to sleep because you gave her brothers the beating they earned?" Burgath's question was directed at Draeseth, but he was looking at her with pointed disapproval. 

Isonei tried to sit up and Draeseth lifted his thigh from the seat to free her hand. She rubbed her sore eyes and shook her head, turning her tired gaze to Burgath. "I wept because my brothers hate me," her voice cracked slightly, "and I won't ever see them again." 

"Open your mouth?" Krouth pushed a bundle of herbs wrapped in a thin cloth at her, it looked and smelled as if it had been soaked in wine but she opened her mouth obediently. It stung when it was pressed against the inside of her cheek and it tasted bitter. "Keep it against the cut part of your cheek, Lady Isonei." 

She nodded reluctantly, making a face. 

"Come sit with me." Draeseth opened his arms, indicating he wished her to sit in his lap and she gratefully complied leaning her head against his shoulder. 

"Turn her the other way and I can reapply her salve, your Highness." 

He turned her effortlessly and pulled her close again. "I have missed having you close, wife." Draeseth pressed soft kisses to her hair. 

The two Princes began to have a quiet conversation in Torgan as Krouth applied the salve to her face again. "It's already looking better, Lady Isonei. I had expected it to continue darkening." 

Isonei pointed to the salve he was putting away and then picked up Draeseth's linen wrapped hand. 

"His Highness heals quickly, Lady Isonei. He doesn't require a healing salve for his injuries." 

Draeseth laughed softly and squeezed her. "My loving wife, you will make me soft if you keep trying to coddle me." 

"She was very concerned for your hands." Burgath sounded as though he wished to tease. "Until she realized they were cold." 

"You should have seen her after the scuffle in Ara." He pressed his face into her hair. "She was distraught thinking I was being harmed and when I opened the door she greeted me with more care and concern than my own mother ever did after I had been fighting." 

"She didn't flinch away from your bloodied hands?" Burgath snorted. 

"My Isonei pulled me to the bed and tried to look me over for injuries." Draeseth ran his hands over her, pulling her tighter to him. "I might have gotten more than kisses on my neck if we had not been rushed to King Tamnaeuth once my hands were bandaged." 

Tilting her head up, she shifted in his lap to press little kisses to the base of his throat. The growling groan he made encouraged her to continue them and earned them both a stern throat clearing from Krouth. 

"It's raining, Lady Isonei." Burgath's resigned tone was still somewhat amused. "You won't be left alone for kissing or other indecent pleasures." 

"She may kiss me when she wishes. I had to endure her Daga's discouragement for too long." Isonei poked him in the chest and received a growling grunt. "Do not prod your husband, wife. I like the man. He was more lenient than I would have been in his circumstances but that does not mean I must pretend I enjoyed being parted from you. Or that being deprived of your kisses was not a hardship." 

"He seems a very lenient man." Burgath seized on a topic other than kissing. "Daga Gildith, however, is not. He doesn't trust easily, and he's what I imagine Draeseth would be like if he ever became King. He is a hard man." 

Draeseth snorted. "I respect him but I am very grateful my wife is a daughter of Liadith and not of Gildith. He'd have had me flogged from his courtyard to the Great Gate for raising my voice to my Isonei." 

"And what would he have done for those awful bruises?" Burgath adjusted himself on the seat crossing his legs. 

Isonei lifted a finger to her neck making a slicing motion. 

"I have no doubt I would have died on the spot. Isonei was able to plead for me to Daga Liadith." His arms tightened almost painfully. "Watching her fall to her knees in supplication was..." He hoarsely whispered something in Torgan and rubbed his face into her hair. 

"You're ruining her hair, brother." 

She raised her hand to stroke his face and neck soothingly. 

"It can be rebraided." As he pressed kisses into the top of her head she couldn't help but smile. 

There was a lull in the conversation and then Burgath began again, "He dotes on his daughters and his wife. Maraphina was curious about me and I thought he was going to have me removed from his house for trying to be charming until she scolded him. That woman is beautiful." 

Sitting up and pushing away from Draeseth, Isonei shook her head emphatically before pulling the poultice out of her mouth. "She's a child! Maraphina is his youngest!" 

Burgath's face split in a grin. "I'm aware. I was warned in no uncertain terms that any impropriety with either of his daughters, especially his youngest, would result in my castration." 

Krouth made an annoyed sound and Draeseth started to guide her hand holding the poultice back to her mouth. When she made a face and opened her mouth to protest he frowned at her pushing the soggy mess back into her mouth. "It will help you heal." The sullen look she gave him as she put it back into the right place seemed to amuse him. 

"I promised to send the girl some fabric from Torga. I showed her the wedding gift for her sister and she was envious." Burgath smiled, glancing out of the darkening window. "The daughters of Gildith like pretty things." 

Isonei tilted her head and nodded in agreement. 

Directing his attention back to Isonei he inquired almost nonchalantly, "The gift from Daga Liadith to his bride was a traditional one? Like the Kroscur carcanet?" 

She pointed to her mouth with annoyance and looked up at Draeseth. 

"My wife had to help him choose it. It took quite a long time." He answered for her. 

"I didn't realize Liadith was so wealthy that he would have so many exquisite items to choose from..." The interest in the Torgan's eyes was very clear. 

"Liadith seems to prefer less outward extravagance, but the family rooms are lavish and the crypts put the royal sepulchre to shame. The stone work is so fine the cost of it alone would put father's bursar into one of his fits." Draeseth adjusted her in his lap. 

Burgath wetted his lips with the tip of his tongue as he contemplated that. "If you truly wish to judge a man's wealth, you look to his servants." He looked expectantly at Krouth. 

The slim Torgan pursed his lips for a moment, "It is a rare thing to not to hear a single grumble of displeasure with the master of the house. But I can assure you there were none to my hearing. They seem to be paid well, and they are certainly treated well. The servant's chambers are more like guest rooms and only a few remain constantly at the house, the rest stay a few days and return to their village, replaced by another." 

"And the Beast of Kroscur is on friendly terms with a man of such impressive wealth. I imagine his influence is also greater than it seems?" Burgath looked at Isonei with amusement. 

In response, she lifted a shoulder and tried to convey cool disinterest in the question. 

"He is constantly trading letters with other Dagas and some Aran Lords, your Highness. His servants are tight lipped about his business, but one very proudly informed me of the man's shrewdness." Krouth's words drew a wry smile and a nod from her. 

"I don't think you have any hope for less than a royal wedding, brother. Father couldn't have selected a better bride himself." Burgath's approving words reminded her of the question she had forgotten to ask. 

She tried to pull the poultice out again and Draeseth stopped her. "Not being able to speak is driving you mad?" He teased pulling her hand away to kiss her fingers. 

Isonei huffed at him and tried to speak with the poultice in her mouth, "I wuh-med oo asst uh-boup your muvver. Why woult she-" 

Burgath barked a laugh. "My mother. Not his. His mother was our father's favorite mistress. My mother is our father's wife." 

Turning her baffled frown from one Prince to the other she saw the light of realization dawn in Draeseth's eyes and he gave one of the unpleasant laughs he had in the Daga's garden before muttering something in Torgan. "We are not Aran, my jewel. His mother does not consider me her son." 

"No, my mother considers you a plague and a curse." Burgath was grinning. "If she doesn't find a subtle way to insult you on your wedding day I will be amazed." 

"I will be amazed if she chooses to do it subtly." Draeseth snorted. 

"She won't risk father's anger or embarrassment at an important state function. And your marriage to the daughter of Liadith would be one." He leaned back looking at her thoughtfully, "Would Gildith consider parting with a daughter? If you were already in Torga..." 

The tricky question deserved at least the appearance of consideration. If she hadn't already been on her way to Torga with promises made, not even Daga Liadith would have allowed it. But if the match went well, and the Torgans continued to impress the Dagas... in time another Daga might offer a daughter. Never Gildith. And never to be taken outside of Leria. 

Burgath startled her out of her ruminations. "I'll take her look of profound thought to be hopeful." He raised a hand with a smile as she attempted to protest, "I understand it would be complicated." At her emphatic nod he looked to his brother almost grinning, "Gildith's youngest would be worth enduring the complications. She is exquisite." 

Isonei sighed and shook her head. 

"Arissa mentioned she has a temper. She spoke of her sister Maraphina punching Rath-Velarith in the nose." 
