 As always huge thanks to Todger65! 

***** 

Isonei dressed in a brown and cream Lerian gown that matched Arissa's to go to breakfast. Walking hand in hand, she couldn't help but feel a little regretful that her time in her Daga's house was coming to a close. After the festivities they would be leaving for Torga, Burgath and Draeseth had been adamant. Something about autumn rains making the roads difficult to traverse in the carriage. It didn't make a great deal of sense to her, the autumn rains were always welcomed in Leria, but the Dagas seemed to understand their concerns. 

Arissa, however, seemed to be floating. It was impossible to feel very unhappy next to the giddy Lerian woman. She'd been going over the drawings and instructions and giggling since she woke. When they arrived at the large dining room, Isonei's brothers were waiting with the Torgan Princes. 

"Isonei, you look... lovely." Ialath rose from the edge of the chair he'd been perched on and came to kiss her cheek and embrace her. "Lady Arissa, you're always alluring but the flush of joy on your cheeks makes you radiantly beautiful." 

"And you are always silver-tongued, Ialath. Have you been getting along with our other guests?" Arissa smiled warmly and took Isonei's hand again. 

"I've been making the attempt." His lips twisted as he answered, "It would be easier if we had more time to see our sister. Though, I am very pleased to hear Prince Draeseth's displeasure with her has abated." 

"He's actually quite charming once he warms, and his love for Isonei is a delight to see. I think you have very little to worry about. I'll be truly surprised if the match fails." 

"I never expected my sister to... take a match. Not an exclusive one, I mean." 

"Not with a Torgan," Draeseth spoke sharply as he approached. His tone softened as he took Isonei's hand and kissed her fingers, "I had hoped you would be wearing one of the Torgan style gowns for breakfast." 

"I'll wear one when we travel, I know you prefer them to the Aran gowns." She smiled at his questioning look. "My Lerian gowns, like this one, will remain here." 

He made a pleased sound in his throat. "You look exquisite in anything, but Torgan gowns and braids suit you best." Draeseth stepped closer lowering his head as if he were going to kiss her. 

Pressing her face to his she released Arissa's hand and stroked his jaw, teasing gently, "I'm very fond of the braids, but the dresses still strangle." 

"Do you not enjoy the feeling of something snugly around your throat?" He murmured almost inaudibly and she felt her skin begin to heat. 

"If I have to behave so do you, Isonei." Arissa touched her back lightly. 

Stepping back from Draeseth, she saw the self-satisfied smile on his face and the heat in his eyes. "Will Burgath mind riding with the driver for a short while?" 

"I will ask him to ride with the driver and Krouth for a long while." 

"When did you stop blushing when you say such things?" Isonei teased him, placing a hand on his chest with an impish grin. 

He began to blush glancing at Arissa, "Forgive me. I am eager to have my wife where she belongs." His dark eyes glittered as he lifted her hand to kiss again. 

"If you keep using your private jest in front of me, I will ask again what it means." Arissa teased pulling Isonei toward the Daga's table. 

Draeseth's blush deepened and he inclined his head with a playful smile on his lips. As he returned to his seat next to Burgath she heard the other Prince teasing him, "Areshen, brother. I may have to ride with the servants to escape from you and your adoring wife." 

"It would allow me to kiss her in peace, without your complaints." Draeseth gave Burgath an amused look. 

"And speed our travels, I have no doubt." Burgath gave him an arch smile. 

"He was travelling with you?" Arissa pinched her arm and gave her a scandalously amused look. "You didn't tell me that!" 

Isonei began to laugh, "It's not as if he were in the carriage!" 

"You are indecent!" Arissa's face was flushed and she was trying not to laugh. 

"I told them much the same, Lady Arissa," Prince Burgath offered wryly. "She brings out a side of my brother no one ever dreamed existed. There was no one in Torga less likely to flirt, flatter, and charm than the Beast of Kroscur, much less show a lack of propriety and composure." 

"The daughters of Liadith are known for that, among other things. In times long past, they were prized as peacemakers. The Dagas they were offered to went to great lengths to please them." Daga Gildith spoke coolly. "Had I a son, I would insist she be offered. He at least would know how to maintain propriety at the table." 

Both Princes rose to bow in apology as Isonei's brothers offered the Daga a gratified look. 

Teasing only slightly, Isonei turned a warm smile on the older Daga, "If you had a son, Daga Gildith, he would already be matched. The men of Gildith are as handsome as they are sharp and I doubt any daughter could bear to refuse them." 

His cool green eyes warmed with amusement though his face remained stern, "Don't turn your charm on me, daughter of Liadith." 

"Who else should I turn it on? If I turn it on my Draeseth there will be more inappropriateness at the table." She let her smile turn to an impish grin. 

"How Lord Eliorith ever managed to chide you baffles me. Even when you require it you can be too bewitching to speak sharply to." 

"He watched me learn to be charming; I think it gave him immunity." She watched the hint of a smile curve his lips despite himself. 

Daga Gildith bent to kiss her on the forehead before touching Arissa's cheek and kissing hers as well. 

"Is it not enough you're the elder Daga's favorite, you're trying to be my father's as well?" Arissa mock pouted at her. 

Isonei feigned haughtiness, "If you were more nice, you could be favorite." 

A sound between a laugh and cough made them both turn to look at Daga Gildith. "It has been some time since I listened to the bickering of small children." 

Widening her eyes, Isonei put on an exaggeratedly offended expression. "She started it! And she pinches!" 

Arissa began to laugh and Daga Gildith turned his head away from the lower table, covering his mouth with a curled hand as he tried to maintain his composure. 

"It seems you're all in a pleasant mood this morning." Daga Liadith entered the dining room with a smile and a curious look at Arissa. 

"The daughter of Liadith has been keeping us entertained in her Daga's absence." Daga Gildith's tone was warm. "She does an amusing impression of an impudent child." 

Daga Liadith's brows raised as he deliberately sucked his lips against his teeth. "Have you been doing an impression all these years?" 

"The same as you, my Daga." She gave him a bright smile moving out of the Daga's seat as Arissa took her place by her father. 

"It is a pity that my grandsons are too young." Daga Gildith spoke dryly as Daga Liadith sat next to him. 

"Now that she's learning to be clever in the Lerian tongue I agree with you. She can throw words instead of small items." He gave her a teasing look with sparkling green eyes and she laughed shaking her head. 

"If you didn't enjoy it you wouldn't provoke me." 

"I'll make sure to throw little things at him when he misses you, Isonei." Arissa smiled mischievously, slipping her hand into her father's. 

"You're so thoughtful! He won't miss me at all." Isonei beamed at her and they both began to giggle. 

"You have required her to return often Daga Liadith; you must truly enjoy the sound of laughter in your house. That it is directed at you does not seem to be a concern." Daga Gildith's coolly amused jest didn't seem to fluster the younger Daga. 

"Beauty has a price. If the price for having the two most beautiful women in Leria under my roof is being teased relentlessly in my own home, I will pay it gladly. The enchanting daughter of Gildith would be worth that on her own." He gestured for breakfast to be served and smiled at Arissa. 

"Will you be returning to Ara as often?" Ivorith quietly asked as the Daga filled her plate. 

Isonei felt her breath catch and looked to Draeseth. He gave a small nod and smiled at her reassuringly, "As often as she wishes, though I much prefer this house to any in Ara." 

"It would depend on father, if he is willing to be kind to my Draeseth and-" 

"Are you intending to marry him or make an arrangement?" Ivorith's disapproving look was so like her father's that she began chewing on her inner lip. 

Draeseth answered for her, "That has not yet been decided. For now I will be content with the arrangement." 

"I asked my sister." Ivorith risked a glare at the Torgan Prince. 

"And he answered seeing Isonei's distress at your disapproval. Disapproval that kept her from my father, and from her home." Daga Liadith's wintry tone made Ivorith look at him in surprise. 

"Daga Liadith-" 

Her Daga raised his hand and Ivorith fell wisely silent. "What was the condition of you remaining in my house?" 

"Not to upset Isonei, but-" 

"And knowing this you choose to give her your father's disapproving looks and glower at one she loves?" 

"The question needed to be asked, Daga Liadith." 

"The question is not what upset her." Arissa's sharp tone was followed by her father's. 

"Indeed. As the elder brother of House Ernelis he is keenly aware of it. Do you hope to dismay her into returning to Ara?" 

"Her Daga will not permit it." Daga Liadith took Isonei's hand and squeezed it comfortingly. "You arrived on your own horse. You may wait outside my gate for your brother." 

"Of course. Forgive me Daga Liadith, Daga Gildith. Isonei." The look he gave her was apologetic as he bowed to the Daga's before leaving the room. 

"My Isonei, your lip..." Draeseth frowned at her with concern. "You will chew it bloody again." 

"Again?" Arissa peered down the table at Isonei as Daga Liadith released her hand and touched her cheek. 

"Chew your food not your lip, Isonei." 

"Yes my Daga." 

"Do you still intend to go show my father and his, the dress and necklace?" He gave her a warm smile. 

"Yes, they would please?" Isonei felt suddenly uncertain. 

"You brighten the crypts; they will all love to see you dressed for the ceremony." 

She took a deep breath and returned his smile, "The crypts are nice and I love my Daga." 

"My father thinks I could offer you a room next to his and you would be content to stay there when you visit." Daga Liadith teased patting her cheek with the back of his hand. 

"I would! We can talk and uhhmm..." 

"They do like some quiet in the crypts, daughter of Liadith." Daga Gildith's eyes were warm as he offered a faint smile. 

"You know how my father likes to talk." Daga Liadith took a bite of one of the rolls on his plate and tapped his finger next to Isonei's. 

"I do. I miss the talks we used to have, like Isonei he could carry a conversation when he wished." 

"I could help him exchange letters if you'd like father. I've promised to visit him regularly." Arissa smiled down the table, "Isonei is right, the crypts here are nice. They feel very friendly." 

"The offer is kind, my love, but when a Daga takes up his father's mantle he takes up his friendships as well." Daga Liadith gave the older Daga an amused look. 

Isonei couldn't help but smile at the thought of people bustling in and out of the chambers below carrying letters for the elder Dagas. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

As soon as they were finished eating, Daga Gildith escorted Arissa to his rooms to prepare. Isonei was surprised to be invited to dress with Daga Liadith. She considered politely declining to have a few moments alone but something in the slightly muddied green of his eyes made her think he might need the company. Taking the Daga's hand with a smile she saw a slight nervous tightness in his jaw relax. 

Entering his rooms she saw her things already waiting and gave him a look of amusement. "You could have mentioned you intended me to dress for the ceremony here." 

"I could have. I wanted to ask and you could have declined." He swallowed and moved past her stopping to touch her dress. 

"You're nervous my Daga?" 

His laugh was hoarse and uneven, "I've had your voice in my head for years whispering about how terrifying being exclusive is. I love her, but is this nervousness a sign I'm-I'm making a mistake?" 

Isonei sighed deeply as she squeezed his shoulders from behind and pressed her head to his spine. "I still find it frightening but Draeseth is starting to make me want to consider it. The only advice I can give you my Daga... I learned from my father." She took another deep breath as he gingerly stepped forward and turned to face her. 

"Think of the absolute worst that could ever happen and let it put the things in front of you into perspective." Isonei looked up at his slightly confused expression. "Think, my Daga. What is the absolute worst that could happen to you, to your house, to-" 

He held up his hand wordlessly and gave a slight nod. 

"Is she the one you want at your side? The one who can give you what you need?" She studied his face, "Are you willing and able to give her what she needs too? Not-not things," she made a gesture around her, "but what she needs." Isonei tapped her finger over her heart. 

The muddy green of his eyes cleared and brightened. "Daughter of Liadith, she is. And I am." 

Letting the seriousness fall away she gave him a mischievous smile, "Good, I think she might glare at you until you actually caught fire if you decided otherwise today." 

Daga Liadith's eyes started to sparkle as he reached up and pushed her head to the side. "I think she might find something to throw. You're a bad influence." 

"Someone has to keep you mindful and quick, my Daga!" She gave him a bright smile. 

"Unlike you, she can do it without throwing things." 

"Then maybe you won't provoke her to it." Isonei made a face at him and he did the same before laughing and pulling her into an embrace. 

"We should dress, and you need to speak Lerian until the ceremony is over." 

"Yes my Daga." She glanced around and looked at him curiously, "The maids?" 

"Not today, daughter of Liadith. Today, we will be helped by the veiled priests. It is tradition." Daga Liadith led her deeper into his rooms to a narrow door carved with symbols she'd never seen. It opened with a touch of his hand and three veiled priests appeared as if solidifying from the darkness pooling at the curve of the narrow spiral stairs. 

"Thank you for attending us today. The daughter of Liadith will be walking with me." 

"It was hoped." One of them inclined his head slightly. 

Isonei peered at them curiously keeping close to the Daga's side. What she was expected to do or say eluded her. 

"She sticks to your side like she did your father's her first time in the crypts." One of them seemed amused and stepped forward offering her a hand. "You don't fear us in the crypts; there is no need to fear us here." 

"I uhhmm..." She shook her head as she took his hand, wanting to explain she wasn't afraid of them. 

"I think she's unsure what's expected of her." Daga Liadith smiled wryly. 

"Yes! And Lerian is not so nice when I am unsure." 

The veiled priest holding her hand patted it and led her back to where her dress was hanging. "Trust that you are loved. It will not dissolve with a mistake." 

Nodding, she tried to think of something to say while she was being helped to change into her formal gown. As the scarlet overdress was being secured she inquired, "We will walk?" 

"Before the ceremony, the Daga is to visit every sarg as he did when he took up his father's mantle. A brother or sister sometimes joins him for this walk." 

Thoughtfully she nodded again, "I do not know them all." 

"No, but they know you, daughter of Liadith. Your voice has been heard often in the crypts." 

"I am too loud?" Isonei looked at him with concern and the priest gave a dry, quiet laugh. 

"While there are some who like the quiet more than others, it has been a long time since the crypts were visited daily. They are all aware that such visits end all too soon. Your presence has been welcomed." 

At the reminder her daily visits would be ending she felt a lump forming in her throat. 

"Only tears of joy today, daughter of Liadith. You will come home and be welcomed." 

She took a deep breath and nodded, swallowing the lump, "I will come home." 

Once dressed, she was taken to sit in front of a vanity for her hair to be done. It was surprising how comfortable the man seemed to be with brushing and working with her hair. Isonei watched him in the mirror with interest as he put her hair into a style she'd never seen before. 

He managed it deftly but when she turned her head to catch a glimpse of the result, it looked wretchedly complicated. The top of her hair was smoothly pulled back while the back was beautifully and intricately braided without a single sign of the pins he'd used. None of her hair was hanging down in curls at all. 

One of the other priests came to the vanity with two boxes. The first was opened and one of the pieces of jewelry the Daga said had been meant to be worn in the hair was lifted carefully out and put into place. 

The delicate strands of gold and pearl draped across the top of her head were anchored in the braided back. Dangling onto her forehead, a single scarlet gem sat on a pearl encrusted pendant very much like the one on the necklace she would be wearing. When the delicate necklace was put around her neck and laid across her shoulders, it looked as if they had been made to go together. 

Gazing into the mirror it took a moment for her to remember to speak to the priest standing behind her. "So lovely. Thank you. This..." 

"The daughters of Liadith outshine all others, even bare necked, but pearls and jewels do suit them." His tone was as proud as it was teasing. 

A sudden thought struck her, "You are... uhhmm are you of Liadith?" Isonei looked at him curiously. Where the priests came from and who they were had never been explained to her. 

He laughed softly and laid a hand on her head. "Sweet girl." 

"Is she..." Daga Liadith sucked his lips against his teeth. "Daughter of Liadith they will be more pleased to see you than to see me." 

She beamed at him as the priest helped her to her feet. He was dressed finely with his mantle draped and pinned with one of the jeweled brooches. His long straight hair was crowned with a golden circlet she hadn't seen in any of the boxes. The gold made the pale yellow of his hair look richer and his grey skin looked slightly flushed with excitement. 

"You look handsome as uhhmm," she gestured slightly down toward the crypts, "as the statues." 

He narrowed his eyes as the three priests laughed and moved back toward the door they had come through. "Do you mean I look handsome and properly like a Daga?" 

"Yes!" Isonei tried not to laugh as he gave her an annoyed look and extended his hand for her to take. 
