 Many, many thanks to Todger65 for editing! 

*****

"How do you find Oyeth Lothlaeri, dear Isonei?" Daga Lothlaerith asked as he gestured for refreshments to be brought.

Isonei twisted her lips trying to think how to best approach the topic. "Uhhmm, I have seen not much, but the baths please. They are lovely."

"And the people?" He smiled and sipped some of the orange colored wine that had been brought.

"Some are nice!" She almost laughed at the way he narrowed his eyes trying to conceal his amusement.

"Your Daga prefers a sprawling house and gardens in the quiet of his lands. You don't find the noise and activity of my city to be... concerning?" 

Tilting her head as she contemplated, she let her face take on more seriousness. "Some. But also so many people to talk to, and much to look at." Taking a sip she smiled again, "Your house is quiet and uhhmm..."

"Restful after the noise?" The Daga finished for her returning her smile.

"Yes!"

"Onsh-Lothlaerith told me you sat in the crypts with your Daga's father every day? You're very fond of quiet?"

"My Daga likes to talk!" Isonei grinned at the man as his eyes widened, "I sit with him and talk as long as allowed, I would sit longer but I was Keran. Uhhmm, Daga Gildith said, 'They do like some quiet in the crypts, daughter of Liadith.'"

Daga Lothlaerith laughed and sighed, "The young Daga doesn't visit his father as often to enjoy his company?"

"No. He was not visiting at all when I came home."

The Daga's eyebrows raised.

"They had argued. He did not want to say his father was right. But my Daga is always right and he should listen. They are better now but he is still sometimes," she waved her hand in front of her face with a stony expression.

"He's stubborn and wants to do things his way." The Daga's face split in a broad smile.

"Yes! When there is something, I say 'Go ask your father, he will know.' My Daga says, 'Why do you always want to ask my father, I can do this.'" Isonei made an exasperated face and took another sip of the wine.

"He should ask, but someone might tell him he doesn't have to obey. Hearing what the elder Dagas have to say before acting is always wise." A hint of mischief seemed to touch his eyes as he continued, "And the elder Daga is not always right, he allowed you to leave his house. I would not have made that mistake."

"But you are wrong, Daga Lothlaerith." She put on an expression of innocence, widening her eyes. "If I stayed how would I meet you?" Reaching out to touch his chest through his mantle at the breast bone, she fluttered her lashes.

For a moment the older man looked as stunned and flabbergasted as her Daga had when she'd won their game. "Your Daga unleashes your devastating charm on us all entirely without warning."

"Aha, are you like Daga Gildith? 'Don't turn your charm on me, daughter of Liadith.'" Isonei imitated his stern face and Daga Lothlaerith began to laugh.

"I would kiss you if you could make that man laugh."

With an impish grin she turned her cheek and tapped it making the older man break into more laughter before he gave her a kiss on the cheek. "He is a dear man and a lovely dancer."

"You had him laughing and dancing? The festivities should have been better attended. Gildith in high spirits is a rare thing. They will come from all over Leria to attend yours. A dance with a daughter of Liadith would be a thing to treasure."

"Is there not dancing tonight? Raighe said, uhhmm..."

"Raighe?" Onsh-Lothlaerith interrupted, "Who is that?"

"A young girl we met at the inn. She slept in our carriage with my Isonei and her brothers and sisters." Draeseth sounded relieved to change the subject.

"She made such an impression that Lady Isonei gave her a dress to wear dancing." Burgath joined the conversation with a smile.

Isonei half listened to them as they began discussing parts of their journey and why she had slept in the carriage. The Daga was watching the three men carefully, the two Torgans were making a tremendous effort to remain polite, but Onsh-Lothlaerith was making considerably less. When he snapped at them demanding to know why they had not stayed with Daga Caeridith the Daga Lothlaerith intervened smoothly.

"I am certain they had their reasons. I would not spend my time with the daughter of Liadith arguing that which has already passed. If I had not been ill, I would take you to one of the gatherings, dear Isonei. But perhaps you would dance with me here? Onsh-Lothlaerith could play something."

"Yes! Please!" She beamed at him and looked to Onsh-Lothlaerith in surprise as he stood abruptly and stalked from the room.

"Your Daga thinks you difficult; he will be surprised if he has sons." The Daga's lips twisted wryly.

"I wished Arissa four." Isonei shrugged delicately while putting on an insincerely apologetic expression.

"May she get them and all the joy that comes with them." He inclined his head slightly with a faintly mischievous smile. "And may they all take after your Daga."

She covered her mouth in mock horror, "Horrible! May they take after his father!"

"I think I see why your Daga allowed you to leave." The Daga narrowed his eyes slightly and tilted her chin down with his fingers.

"I love my Daga and I love to uhhmm," Isonei mimed picking at the Daga as he tried to suppress a smile.

"Keeping you occupied as Keran and sending you to speak with his father daily must have spared him a great deal of teasing."

Onsh-Lothlaerith returned carrying a flat, many stringed instrument with a small folding stand and a small velvet bag. Seating himself on his bench he arranged the instrument and stand as he wished them before emptying the contents of the bag into his hand. She watched with interest as he placed two engraved steel rings, one on each hand, and peculiar pieces of something that extended out over his fingers, she assumed they were fitted into the rings somehow.

"It has been years since you insisted I play for your guests, father." Onsh ran his fingers over the strings and adjusted the tones but his voice was distinctly sour.

"The daughter of Liadith is our guest, not merely mine, and her travelling companions are as well." The Daga's voice had a warning edge to it.

"Very well father." He sounded resigned as he let his fingers move lightly over the strings drawing out a sound sweeter than honey.

For a moment Isonei was transfixed by the sound. The Daga's touch on her wrist was a reminder that Onsh was playing for a reason. Rising with a smile, she followed the Daga's lead as he stepped into position for one of the older Lerian dances she knew and had danced with Daga Gildith days before.

Switching hands repeatedly as they ducked and bobbed around one another, Daga Lothlaerith wasn't as sure in his steps as Gildith, and after a short time he was out of breath, but the man was beaming. Before they could settle onto the bench again a man in one of the Lothlaerith sashes came to the door and cleared his throat apologetically. Onsh looked relieved, moving his instrument to the side.

"No." The Daga held up his hand, "Onsh-Lothlaerith you will remain and enjoy our guests. Perhaps you'll continue to delight the daughter of Liadith with more of your playing? Something suitable for a gathering?" He pressed his hand to his heart with a warm smile and Isonei returned the gesture. Almost as an afterthought he inclined his head to the Princes who rose and bowed graciously.

Onsh didn't move the instrument back into its playing position and she smiled at him ruefully, settling onto the end of her bench closer to him. "This I did not uhhmm..."

"You wish to mock me for playing?" His face was set in cold displeasure.

"No! This I have not seen." She pointed to the instrument as Draeseth carefully came to sit behind her as the Daga had done. Isonei glanced at him with a smile as he got comfortable.

"You mock me for my choice of instrument?" Onsh's face didn't change.

"No." She sighed in exasperation and shook her head.

"She has not seen that instrument before. I think she wishes to know what it is." Draeseth spoke quietly behind her.

"Yes, thank you."

"You've never seen a kanon?"

"Kantele and cithara, not this."

"The kanon is more difficult to play." He idly rubbed the rings with his thumbs.

"And more lovely to hear." Isonei smiled as he looked at the instrument.

Without lifting his eyes from it Onsh spoke coolly, "It would take more than a little praise to wrap me around your fingers as you have my father, daughter of Liadith."

Draeseth stroked her arm reassuringly and she let the two Torgans take over the conversation. She laid her head on her arm looking at the instrument as they discussed the house and the gate admiring the defensive capabilities of both. Talk of trade and the growth of what was apparently considered by the Torgans to be a split city seemed to go well but it was so dull she struggled to keep her eyes open. She couldn't help but wish that the Daga had stayed.

During a lull in the conversation, Onsh moved his instrument back into place as if he were going to play it. "My father will not forgive me if I don't play at least one more song for the daughter of Liadith."

"No. It would not please to hear what it would not please to play." Isonei met his gaze and his green eyes seemed to shimmer.

"It would please me to play one more. A song I learned as a child." Onsh-Lothlaerith began to play, his fingers dancing over the strings like light on the water. His voice lifted in a song of lament, a song of Desecration and of the breaking of the line of Lothlaerith, the violation of the daughter and the shattering of the crypts.

The tone then changed to one of grim pride. The daughter rose and took up her father's mantle, she fought and Leria prevailed. She walked the shattered crypts and restored the line. From what had been taken and the ashes that remained, Lothlaerith rose with blood upon her mantle. The beauty that drew the conquerors was not a thornless flower, and her sons are the venom of the bees.

The song ended and the sound of the last chords died away. Isonei found herself breathlessly perched on the edge of her seat with her hand over her heart. Lothlaerith lifted his dark golden head and his eyes lingered on her hand until she was able to speak.

"Onsh-Lothlaerith, that song, it-it is an honor to hear it. Not only because of the sweetness of your voice and the skill of your fingers..." She trailed off realizing she'd spoken Aran and his face wore an expression of gentle confusion.

"She says, 'It was an honor to hear the song and you sing well.'" Draeseth translated stiffly, reaching to take hold of her hand and pull it from where it still rested over her heart.

She thought she saw the color of Lothlaerith's shimmering green eyes flicker as he moved his instrument and removed the steel rings from his fingers, but when he met her gaze they were as hard and cool as they had been before.

"The daughter of Liadith should be able to speak for herself."

The words cut and she bowed her head answering quietly, "Yes, I am sorry." Her teeth worried the inside of her lip.

Draeseth drew a smile from her by pulling it away from her teeth with a displeased sound. "Your Daga told you to chew food and not your lip. The time for dinner approaches, come, we will take our leave for the night."

"Uhhmm..." Her nervousness in the face of Onsh's displeasure made thinking of the words difficult.

The Torgan leaned and pulled her head close to whisper in her ear, "We thank you for your hospitality, but we wish to retire for the night."

Isonei gave him a grateful smile as he pulled back, repeating, "We thank you for your hospitality, but we wish to retire for the night."

"My father will wish to speak to you for a moment before you leave, Lady Isonei." He nodded curtly to the Torgan Princes as he stood. "You will be met downstairs."

"Of course." Rising, Burgath offered a stiff, shallow bow and Draeseth followed suit.

The large Torgan spoke quietly to her, "Do not allow him to keep you."

"What did he say?" Onsh-Lothlaerith asked icily his face a mask of deep displeasure.

Before she could collect herself to respond Draeseth answered him in a low, gelid tone, "'Do not allow him to keep you.' Isonei is mine. She will stay the night with us."

"Where is your home daughter of Liadith?" Onsh didn't look away from the large Torgan scowling at him.

"My home is with Liadith." Isonei answered without hesitation.

"She is not yours, she belongs to Liadith. If Daga Lothlaerith insists she stay the night with us it would reflect poorly on her Daga if she refuses."

"She refused Caeridith."

"No. Daga Caeridith did not insist. I thanked and made apologies." She corrected him quickly.

"After what his sons did?" Burgath spoke with surprise in Aran. "You gave him apologies?"

Isonei nodded slowly as Burgath gave her a baffled and incredulous look. "Did you think I was being harsh without reason when you were rude at the inn?"

The Lerian was looking at her frostily and it took effort to keep her teeth out of her lip. "He lacked uhhmm..."

"I misunderstood her actions and how important it is for her to reflect well on her Daga. Forgive our breach. She is much easier to understand in her mother-tongue." Burgath spoke smoothly and she couldn't help but feel a little jealous of his skill.

"I would like your teacher, Prince Burgath."

He smiled wryly, "I will have it arranged for you, but be warned he is very strict."

"Thank you." She gave him a warm smile.

"Come, Lady Isonei." Onsh-Lothlaerith reached for her hand and led her away from the pair of Princes. He led her up more stairs and down several corridors before leading her down again. Outside of a sturdy looking door he stopped and turned to her with a frown. "You speak poorly, but you speak more freely to them" almost bitterly he added, "and to my father. Why does the daughter of Liadith not speak as she should?" In the dim hall she couldn't be sure but she thought there was a flicker in his eyes, "Why does she not speak to me?"

"I... you... uhmmm..." She shook her head and looked at him apologetically, "I will offend."

His head tilted slightly.

"You..." She gestured over her face and imitated his almost permanently displeased expression. "At home when I am uhhmm mistaken they laugh and my Daga sometimes corrects. Here... you uhhmm..." Isonei made the face again. "I fear to be mistaken. It offends."

Onsh's face was set in its coldly displeased expression as he looked at her in silence.

Isonei worried the inside of her lip and tried to think of a way to apologize for answering him honestly.

"You asked the Torgan for a teacher, you didn't have one?" He spoke carefully.

"No. I was a child. I visit. I listen. I speak and sometimes they laugh."

He exhaled sharply looking suddenly furious. "Why did you not tell me? I expected that you had been taught."

"No. Why would I tell you? The daughter of Liadith should speak better. You are not wrong."

"You cannot speak well if you were never taught." He took her face in both hands, startling her. "He allowed another to raise his daughter and neglected her, the cost is an unsteady tongue and-" Onsh closed his eyes and collected himself, releasing her. "Forgive me."

"Why are you disparaging Liadith to his daughter?" The voice made her realize the door behind her had opened.

"She was not taught to speak properly. I have been frightening her..." He pulled his hair back and stepped away for a moment returning when he looked almost icy again. "Does she even understand?"

"Yes!" Isonei snapped in genuine offense.

The Daga ran his knuckles down her spine. "Dear Isonei, he is concerned. When you understand us well, why is it so difficult to speak?"

She shook her head helplessly.

"Would you have answered in Aran?" Onsh frowned.

"Yes. Aran is easier."

"At home they speak to you in Lerian and allow you to answer in Aran?" The Daga rubbed the bridge of his nose in anticipation of her answer.

"Yes."

"Why?" Hissed Onsh-Lothlaerith furiously. "You would learn to speak properly if they would encourage it."

"I am not clever in Lerian and I speak less. We like to talk." Isonei shrugged.

"It improves their Aran as well." The Daga spoke sounding as if he were exhausted. He looked startled for a moment when she touched his cheek and peered at him with concern. "I am well, but dinner is called for. I would have you eat with us to continue this discussion."

"The Torgans wish to leave. They wait below." The green of his eyes definitely flickered. "She was commanded," he spoke the word venomously, "not to remain with us."

"You would refuse our invitation?" Daga Lothlaerith looked stunned.

"Not if you insisted, Daga Lothlaerith."

"I insist."

Isonei tried desperately to suppress the smile that was trying to take a place on her face, "I accept." 

"Are you trying not to smile at me?" The Daga tilted her face up smiling faintly as she gave up and let her lips curve mischievously.

"Yes."

He returned her smile with equal mischief, "I insist you stay the night with us and I will allow you to speak Aran if you attempt to speak Lerian first. It will do us good to practice."

She nearly beamed with delight. "Thank you! I will tell them."

"Only you are to stay, daughter of Liadith. Neither Torgans nor Phaethians have ever slept under this roof. You have afforded them one honor they barely understand; you may not grant them another."

Her smile faded and she nodded slowly. "I will still tell them. Draeseth does not suffer his anger well. It would be uhhmm... I would not see him hang."

"You worry he would lash out at Onsh-Lothlaerith?" The Daga's lips curved mirthlessly as he spoke and she nodded hesitantly.

"Let me tell him father." Onsh sounded almost eager and she looked at him incredulously.

"I ask you do not provoke him to death."

He touched the side of her chin tilting her face back to his and then looked to Onsh-Lothlaerith, "On your way back, take her to the room she will be in, I will have a servant bring a gown so that she isn't dressed like a Torgan for dinner."

 

"Yes father." He asked a question she didn't quite catch and Isonei looked at him curiously as his father nodded approval. "Come with me, I will take you to speak to them."

Onsh escorted her down more stairs and through more corridors, his home was almost labyrinthian. The outward sprawl that Lerian homes experienced seemed to have been made vertical. Lothlaerith's house, built into and onto the side of the stone face was undeniably impressive, if darker than her own Daga's home.
