 My tremendous thanks to Todger65 for editing another chapter!

*****

In the morning, Isonei was woken by little fingers pulling at her face and faint light coming in through the carriage windows. Daighe was curled on top of her with one arm stretched out to pull at her lips and nose. She felt cold and stiff lying on her back with her knees bent and twisted to face out at the other seat. The blanket was wrapped around little Daighe.

The other children were still asleep, and the sound of soft breathing filled the carriage. Aside from her physical discomfort it was surprisingly nice. She smiled at Daighe and adjusted her position and in thanks the child grabbed her by the nostril and pulled with more strength than Isonei expected from a child of her size.

Trying not to whimper or wake the other children she managed to gently pry away the child's hand. Isonei sat up and let the child onto the seat where she promptly began to gurgle and squeal. The boys didn't stir but Raighe did, opening her eyes and looking around her in confusion for a moment.

Very quietly Isonei asked, "How did you sleep?"

"I-"

The carriage door opened and Draeseth's face peered in with a frown. Raighe's eyes widened, staring at him.

Keeping her voice quiet she asked, "Is something wrong?"

"I had a dream that you had been snatched from the carriage. I needed to see you." He looked at the still sleeping boys on the floor under her cloak and at Daighe in the blanket next to her.

"You're letting the warm air out, my Draeseth." Isonei smiled at him beckoning him in.

"There is no space for me with so many sleeping children, wife." His frown had faded. "I will come fetch you when we are permitted in to eat."

"Thank you, some hot tea and something to eat would be lovely."

"I will see to it. I think Master Gwathe would be happy to make it for you."

"He was very kind and thoughtful in helping with the sleeping arrangements."

Draeseth looked bemused as Daighe wriggled back toward Isonei and was picked up with a smile. "Do you truly need the tea? I can give you one of those."

"I'm sure you can, but I made promises. I need my tea." She tried to give him a stern look but she couldn't help but return his smile before the door closed.

"What did he want?" Raighe asked breathlessly.

"He had a not so good dream that someone stole me. He came to look."

"All of that was... about his dream?"

"No, he will return when we can eat and I think it pleases to see me with Daighe." Isonei smiled at her and she laid her head back on the seat as Daighe played in Isonei's arms.

"Did you come for the dancing tonight? Father brings us every year because our family fought here but the wealthier families come from farther away for the dancing. Some of the Dagas Lothlaerith found their matches at the largest of the gatherings."

"No, but I love dancing. Do you?"

"No, I don't..."

"Yes, she does." Raithe interrupted. "But she doesn't have a dress and the other girls are-"

Raighe cut him off in their odd language and they argued for a moment. When they stopped neither spoke. Isonei thought she understood what the boy meant about the other girls without any further discussion.

A polite knock came at the door before she could find the words to discuss the problem. "Come in?" Isonei tilted her head trying to keep her hair away from Daighe's fingers.

Krouth opened the door only slightly to be heard. "Lady Isonei, while I'm fetching your silphium is there anything else you require?"

"Are any of my Aran gowns travelling with us?"

The door opened slightly wider. "You may have one in the chest but you would be too cold."

"It isn't for me; Raighe needs a dress to wear dancing."

His frowning face appeared in the crack of the door. "My Lady?"

"I won't be able to wear it on this journey and she needs a dress. If you would take it out and prepare it as if I were going to wear it, I would be grateful."

"If you're intent on giving away a gown, perhaps one of the Torgan style Lerian gowns would be more appropriate? She's a child and should be kept warm and modest."

"An Aran gown isn't scandalous here in Leria; most of the other girls are going to be wearing more revealing dresses by your standards."

"Is something wrong?" Raithe asked sitting up and frowning at the slim Torgan peering in.

"He asks what I need and then uhhmm makes quarreling. Master Krouth is trusted but sometimes not uhhmm not so good at help."

"Forgive me Lady Isonei. I will fetch what you require." Krouth answered in Lerian giving her a displeased look.

"Thank you Master Krouth." Isonei replied sweetly as the door closed shifting the squirming Daighe in her arms.

"He speaks Lerian?" Raithe gave her a curious look.

"Better than me." Isonei made a face and the two boys she hadn't realized were awake giggled. "What are your names? Raighe," pointing to the children as she spoke their names, "Raithe, Aighe, Daighe..." she looked at the two boys expectantly.

"Haithe and Kaithe." Raithe answered for them.

"You all have such good names."

"Will you be staying again?" Haithe or Kaithe asked followed by his brother.

"Raighe knows lots of stories."

"No, it would be nice, but I am going to Torga." Their disappointed looks made her wish she could offer to stay just one more night, even if it meant sleeping all twisted up again.

Another knock came at the door but before she could answer it, it was pulled open. Draeseth was giving her a stern look as he beckoned to her. Raithe took Daighe so that Isonei could put on her shoes and step out into the cold morning air.

"My Draeseth?" She shivered rubbing her arms and the large Torgan pulled her under his cloak.

"Why is Krouth preparing an Aran gown for you? I asked him and all he said was that I should ask you."

"You'll see! Is your Lerian good enough to translate something for me?" Wrapping her arms around his waist and pressing her cheek to his tunic she could smell the hay he'd slept in.

He made an annoyed sound in his throat. "What would you have me translate?"

"At breakfast I'm going to need to say something that's beyond my skill. I would like it if you could be the one to translate for me, but if you can't..."

"I will try, wife." His hands moved over her back, "I liked the sight of you with a babe in your arms, motherhood would suit you."

"I have promised to take my silphium daily until the next festival. You'll have to content yourself with spending the time showing me how much you like the thought." Isonei teased him.

Bending slightly he growled, "Woman, roust the children from the carriage and I'll show you now."

"It isn't raining right now, if the weather holds, maybe your brother will ride with Taugh and Krouth?" She lifted her head to grin at him.

"If the weather holds he will, whether he wishes to or not." Draeseth's dark eyes were lit with desire and his smile was wicked. Rising on her toes to steal a kiss, the carriage door opened before she could.

 

"Is it time to go in?" Raithe peered out at them and earned a growling grunt from the large Torgan.

"Is it?" Isonei smiled up at him.

"They are eager to have the daughter of Liadith join them." He bent and kissed her ardently before murmuring, "But not as eager as I am to have her in the carriage and on our way."

°°°°°°°°°°

Raighe was kind enough to put Isonei's hair up in a Lerian braid before they left the carriage. The warm cloak was left inside so that it wouldn't get muddy but the moment they stepped in and saw their parents Haithe and Kaithe began talking about it.

The two barely closed their mouths to eat as they loudly informed everyone of Isonei's lack of good stories, but that she had nice songs and the wonderful cloak she'd insisted they sleep under.

Isonei couldn't help but beam at them as she sipped her tea, eating next to Draeseth. The rolls she was accustomed to were absent at this table but there were thin pockets of bread filled with a spicy egg mixture and served with onions and sauces. The Torgans seemed to struggle with the meal but she found it delightful.

As breakfast drew to a close and she noticed the Torgans becoming anxious to be on their way, Isonei tapped Draeseth's arm and stood. Immediately she had to gesture for the others to remain seated.

"Master Gwathe? I would thank you for your hospitality and kindness."

The man looked embarrassed and tried to interrupt but she raised her hand and lapsed into Aran letting Draeseth translate. "We arrived in the night and roused you from your bed and though your inn was full you found room so that we could be warm and dry, and sleep comfortably. That deserves thanks. I may not know many good stories in Lerian but I do know some in Aran," she smiled warmly at the children.

"One of my favorites was the story of the wretched traveler. She imposed on innkeepers and housemothers in the night and those who showed kindness even despite her rudeness always received a gift."

A murmuring began and she waited patiently until it subsided. "Sadly, the only gift I have for you is my thanks and praise, but if you will allow me, I do have something I could give to someone else here."

"Please, daughter of Liadith, your thanks and praise are enough for me but if you wish to give someone else a gift I would be honored to have it done here in my inn." Gwathe bowed and she waited for the excited murmuring to pass.

"Krouth, would you be so kind as to fetch my dress?"

The slim Torgan rose wordlessly, slipping into another room and returning with an Aran gown, one she hadn't yet worn in pale rose and white.

"Raighe, you and I both love to dance, please wear my dress when-"

The Lerian girl covered her mouth and made a strangled sound as tears started to roll down her cheeks.

"Please wear my dress when you next go dancing. It's Aran, as I am, so you'll have to dance a lot to stay warm." Isonei gave the girl a mischievous smile.

"Lady Isonei, we couldn't." The girl's mother stared at the dress in awe.

"I insist." She smiled and laid a hand on Draeseth's shoulder, "In the story, those who accepted the gifts from the wretched traveler were rewarded with far more than the gifts themselves, and even though I am not so wretched I hope it proves true for you."

"What were they rewarded with?" Burgath asked bemusedly.

"An innkeeper was rewarded with a carved wooden statuette that seemed to dance in the firelight and people came from far and wide to see it. A daughter of a noble House with no sons came to look and fell madly in love with him and he inherited her father's House, taking his name when the man died. A housemother had a daughter who was to have an arrangement party, and she was given a dress. When the nearby Lord saw her in her lovely dress he insisted on an arrangement with her too."

Draeseth covered his face as he translated and added on his own, "I think that may be why this is only an Aran tale."

"Were there any soldiers?"

"Or Dagas in it?" Haithe and Kaithe piped up.

"There was a soldier who let her stay in his tent when an innkeeper refused her. She gave him a kiss on the pommel of his sword and every time he raised it in the defense of others no one could block his blows. I don't think she ever came to Leria, if she had she would have run out of gifts."

That seemed to please them. Raighe rose and went to look at the dress as did several of the other women.

"Graciousness comes easily to you, Lady Isonei." Burgath smiled looking at her speculatively. "Will you be as gracious in Torga?"

"It's easy here; the people are warm and kind. I hope I find Torga as hospitable, if I do they will find me as gracious."

"Wife, here they are hospitable to you and not to us. In Torga it will be otherwise. I will school you as thoroughly on proper behavior." Draeseth rose and smiled grimly down at her.

"And I will be as grateful for that schooling as you are; I have no doubt, my Draeseth." Isonei flashed him an impish grin.

"We should be on our way, that I can show my gratitude at length."

"Areshen." Burgath smirked at them.

Taking their leave as the inn was still buzzing over the dress; Burgath rode above with the two servants allowing them some privacy. Isonei curled in Draeseth's lap and kissed the base of his throat. "Did you sleep well? Aside from your dream?"

"I did. I was exhausted and I slept deeply." He began unfastening her gown. "You stayed awake entertaining the children?"

"They fell asleep after a story and a few songs. Daighe woke me early though, those adorable little fingers were trying to pull my lips off."

Making an amused sound in his throat he pushed down her overdress to her hips and began to open her underdress and shirt. "Seeing you cradling a babe made me think of how those beautiful breasts of yours will be put to use..." Draeseth pushed her chemise down and pulled her up to kneeling, straddling his lap so that he could kiss and suckle, occasionally nibbling on her breasts and nipples as she moaned in delight and stroked his hair. "I will hire a wet nurse, I cannot share these." He groaned breathlessly rubbing his rough face against them.

"Jealous and greedy, my wicked beast," she teased him, beginning to massage the back of his head encouraging him to keep his face pressed to her breasts.

His wicked laugh as he began to nip at the sides and squeeze them against his face made her flush. "Mine." Draeseth started to suckle and gently apply his teeth to one of her nipples as he played with the other, pressing his face firmly into her.

"Yes, mmm, yes my Draeseth, please." Isonei was writhing against him when he switched sides, finally slipping one of his large hands under her skirts.

Even if they hadn't learnt enough about each other, he most certainly knew how she liked to be touched. His deft fingers teased around and brushed over her most sensitive spot as he continued his suckling, teasing her nipple with his tongue and teeth. With those skilled fingers and mouth, she was quickly moaning out her much awaited release. As she came down from her high, his fingers were dipping eagerly into her before he withdrew his hand from beneath her skirts and pulled them to his mouth to taste her juices with an ecstatic expression.

"Wife. Was it the thought of my sons or the jealous desire I have for you that pleased you so quickly?" His dark eyes were hot with hunger as he pulled her close to kiss urgently.

"Both, and the way your rough face feels against my skin." She murmured wantonly as she kissed her way along his rough jaw to his neck and began to give him gentler versions of his own biting kisses.

Draeseth began to growl in Torgan and reached under his tunics to free his dark grey-green cock, Isonei moved from his lap to between his knees eager to help him.

Teasingly nibbling and kissing the base of it as he had her breasts, she looked up at him as she made a long slow lick up the underside and took the head into her mouth.

The door opened with a jerk, "The rain is..."

She almost laughed as Draeseth began to curse, trying to cover her with the cloak that was lying on the seat next to him. He and his brother sounded as if they were arguing. Beneath the cloak she continued stroking his shaft and letting her tongue dance and swirl around the eye of his cock. With a wicked grin, she spoke softly against the sensitive tip, "Ask him for just a few more minutes?"

The large Torgan groaned and spat something else in Torgan. Isonei heard the door close. She began sucking and stroking him in earnest, wanting him to have his own release. He took hold of her head shifting his hips and thrusting shallowly, breathlessly murmuring in Torgan. His seed was spilling into her mouth in moments. Swallowing it and peeking out of the cloak she grinned wickedly up at him, "I would prefer to take my time but quickly is better than not at all."

"Woman... you are wickedness itself. Mezaldir would have a care before he dallied with you." He was gazing down at her with a mix of pleasure and incredulity. "To keep stroking me that way while I spoke to my brother..."

"Is that worse than what you asked me to do in front of Andnaeuth?" Isonei kissed his slowly softening cock as she laughed softly. She let him help her get back into her clothes and he opened the door when she was dressed. "I can't believe we didn't notice the carriage had stopped."

"I can." Burgath eyed her as he stepped in and took his seat opposite them. "I doubt my brother would have noticed anything that didn't make you pause in your efforts."

Draeseth growled something that sounded like a warning even though she couldn't understand it.

"If you do it in the carriage it becomes a topic of discussion, whether she's your wife or not. Most Torgan women flatly refuse to do what you were doing, Lady Isonei. The ones that don't, charge a pretty price." Burgath seemed to be speaking to her, partly at least, but his eyes never left Draeseth.

"I noticed that he was very surprised when I wanted to taste him. Torgan women don't seem to enjoy themselves very much." Isonei pressed kisses into Draeseth's throat as his arms tightened around her.

"Why do you say that?" Burgath sounded curious but she didn't look at him choosing to keep her eyes on the flush that was darkening Draeseth's rough cheeks.

"He was so baffled at first by the way I enjoy enjoying him, and when I showed him how to give me my release on his magnificent cock you'd have thought I showed him how to turn steel into gold." She grinned as he blushed impressively dark and landed a smack on the side of her ass.

"Woman, you have no shame."

"I am not ashamed of enjoying you, no. And I love the way you blush."

"In Torga her charm may be seen as flirtation, but if they see her flirtation with you brother, she will scandalize the Court."

"I will keep her to myself as much as possible." Draeseth looked smug as she smiled up at him, "To avoid misunderstandings."

"If you don't, Aran wives may become the new trend."

The larger Torgan grunted, "If Leria was not between us I have no doubt she would inspire father to bring in brides by the cart load."

"If she returns with tales of how much she enjoys you they may come willingly." Burgath was eying her lecherously when she turned to give him an amused look.

In her sweetest tone she volunteered, "That would depend on what's left for them. If I tell them he's the most magnificent man in all of Torga they may not want to bother with the rest of you, Prince Burgath." Isonei fluttered her lashes.

Burgath's expression changed from lust to offense in the blink of an eye and Draeseth began to laugh jostling her in his lap.

"I was concerned that you could not learn to return an insult, my sweet wife." He kissed her hair and squeezed her.

"Coming from her it cuts more than it should." Burgath glowered. "We should be in the city by lunch if the carriage doesn't get stuck again today. With luck we may be able to slip past the guards at the Great Gate. They don't seem to be aware that Lady Isonei is Aran, or who exactly she's travelling with. It would save us a day at least, we can wait for our things on the other side, perhaps leave Krouth or Taugh on the Lerian side to facilitate their arrival."

"I can't pass through Lothlaerith's Gate without saying anything to-"

"I will ask for an audience with him." Draeseth sounded unconcerned. "If he declines we pass through the gate without further discussion. It will be the punishment for his lack of hospitality."
