 As always, sincerest thanks to Todger65 and Nthusiastic for all their help!

*****

Isonei glanced at Draeseth's stony face as he escorted her to their rooms. He hadn't yet said a word since kneeling before the Queen and from his face she didn't think it would be wise to be the one who spoke first. 

She focused on the palace instead, the halls and stairs seemed to all have the same polished stone floors and few carpets or rugs, but there were tapestries periodically spaced along the painted stone walls. It seemed peculiar to have nothing on the floors while both paint and tapestries decorated the walls.

Arriving at their door, Draeseth opened it and the sound of a quiet Torgan argument greeted their ears. Isonei started forward to see what was being argued over, but Draeseth barked a command and it stopped. Krouth and a woman Isonei's age came from the other room. The woman was dressed much as Lady Lislora had been, in a dress not quite as fine as Isonei's but clearly not made of the coarser fabric the servants wore. Her skin was as pale as Isonei's in a blue-green shade much like Xago's and her hair, like his, was nearly white.

Krouth began speaking to Draeseth in an icy tone, and Isonei frowned at him. "Please speak Aran. I wish to know what the argument is about as well."

"As your Grace wishes." The slim servant gave a shallow bow. "This... woman has been sent to act as your maid. She was told to remain in the rooms with you both as I do."

"The King said he would have a maid arranged-"

"Send her away. Krouth tends to our needs." Draeseth stepped away from her with a scowl.

"No! Your father saw the way Krouth acted toward me as you argued with the Kamrus. He very solicitously offered-"

"If you had been more respectful-" Draeseth stopped himself and gave the woman a black look, "Leave us."

"The-the King s-said I am-I am only to take orders from-from her Grace." The woman looked as if she might be ill as Draeseth squared his shoulders and turned to face her with a furious scowl.

Isonei put herself between them and lifted her chin. "You will not terrify her, Draeseth! I would have been as respectful and charming with him as I was to your father if he had shown even the slightest kindness or respect toward me! He hated me before he met me and even if I had fawned over that wretched man he would still have been cruel." Her insides knotted with fury and dismay as Draeseth's hands curled into fists.

"Krouth was fool enough to show his disdain for me in front of the King and I am too tired to pretend it was anything less. I have done nothing wrong! Nothing! Having someone who will look after me without blaming me for your actions or the Kamrus' actions seems a wonderful idea." The silence after she finished was deafening and made her realize she had raised her voice again.

"Her Grace is clearly very tired." Krouth carefully and quietly broke the silence, "Mes, help her Grace undress and bathe. The matter can be discussed again when heads are cooler."

She started to turn away to face the woman Krouth had called Mes, when Draeseth snapped something in Torgan and then switched back to Aran, "What of the way you behaved in front of the Queen, the way you behaved with Kresh? You think you did nothing wrong?"

"What did I do wrong? I refrained from defending you to the Queen. Or are you upset that I returned Kresh's disrespect to her? She corrected herself!" 

Krouth covered his face and stepped away.

"You flirted with Burgath and-"

"I did not! You should know the difference between flirting and teasing by now, Draeseth! I've been speaking to your brothers that way all day and you've been laughing the same as your father!"

Draeseth stepped forward and wrapped his hand around her throat with a scowl. "You will not behave that way in front of the Queen. Nor will you speak to Kresh more than necessary. I will make our excuses and put you in a carriage within the hour if you defy me." He released her abruptly and barked a command in Torgan.

Mes darted forward and clutched her hand, pulling her toward another room. Once inside it the woman shut the door and pulled a chair in front of it, trembling.

"What did he say?" Isonei touched her arm comfortingly and the woman shivered.

In a hushed tone, Mes answered, "He said, 'Get her out of my sight.' Does he-does he hurt you?"

"No, not..." Isonei sighed and rubbed her face. "I'm exhausted. I want to bathe and go to bed."

"Of-of course, your Grace." 

Through another doorway sat a tub filled with steaming water. Soaps were laid out on a board that sat across it. Letting Mes help with her fasteners Isonei studied her closely. "You're not a maid, and not from this horrible, cold place."

"No. I... I was sold to the King after her Imperial Highness brought me from Phaethia. I was trained to be her attendant before King Orgath... found other uses for me."

"I'm sorry. I'm-" Isonei touched her hands and Mes gave her a small smile that didn't touch her pale, silvery blue eyes.

"It was better than serving her Imperial Highness. She can be hateful. King Orgath isn't too demanding, he has so many other women." She helped Isonei out of her overdress and layers, watching as as the Duchess dipped her fingers into the tub to test the water. "He did hurt you."

Isonei was baffled for a moment until Mes touched the bruises on her arm. "I forgot about that. He lost his temper this morning. He does that, and then he tries to make up for it by being sweet."

"He didn't seem sweet." Mes assisted her into the tub.

"No. I think it's an effort for him, and we're both tired." Slowly beginning to wash herself, Isonei frowned and asked, "Why is Krouth so upset that you were asked to stay and help?"

"There's only one servant's chamber. It has two beds but we would have to share it. He said he won't share it with a whore."

"Then he can sleep elsewhere!" Isonei snapped before she took a calming breath. "He's not a bad man. He takes care of me as if I were family but he can be unpleasant and judgmental. I try to keep him safe from Draeseth's temper but sometimes I lose mine." 

"Your temper is nothing like his, your Grace." Mes' smile made her cheeks dimple. "If-if you'd like I can show you around the grounds tomorrow. There are a few quiet places I like to go to clear my head."

"That would be lovely. I'm supposed to join the Queen's retinue tomorrow." Isonei sank into the water until only her face remained above it. "I think I'll need time in a quiet place after that."

Closing her eyes and breathing deeply for a moment she found her thoughts drifting to Udnerath, the God of the sea, mad and beautiful. His dances and quarrels with his brother, Iemith, God of the wind, could be terrifying, but when he became calm and indifferent that was something spoken of in hushed tones. That calm was what she needed.

She heard Mes speak quietly and opened her eyes. Praying to Udnerath without a gift would be too dangerous no matter how much she wanted to.

"I thought you were falling asleep." 

"No, just-" The sound of the door in the other room hitting the chair and Torgan cursing as it was forced open made her rub her temples. She'd forgotten to tell Mes to move the chair.

Draeseth stalked in scowling and Isonei held up her hand. "Mes, please get a nightdress out for me and get settled into your room. If Master Krouth wants to argue about it please reassure him you have no intentions of seducing him and I expect the same of him. He'll keep his hands to himself and he'll be civil."

"Yes, your Grace." Mes hurried from the room with Isonei's garments.

"You put a chair in front of the door?" He glowered down at her as she closed her eyes and rubbed her temples.

"No. But I was so surprised when she told me you commanded me out of your sight I forgot to tell her to move it. She was terrified for me."

There was a long silence. "I know my father, wife. The woman was not sent to tend to you, she was sent to observe and tell my father of our habits."

"Everything Krouth does is with you in mind, Draeseth. If you have concerns, ask your father if you can buy her freedom and I'll ask her if she would consider staying as Krouth does for you."

He made a soft noise in his throat and bent to kiss her head. "I will speak to Krouth. If he finds her an acceptable servant for you I will do as you ask."

"Thank you." Isonei heard him leave the room and return. The chair creaked as he sat in it close by the tub and began to gently rub her head.

"We are both tired but the midwives will arrive soon and we will have to attend dinner. There is little time to rest."

"I closed my eyes for a moment and Mes thought I was falling asleep in the bath." Sighing, she leaned slightly into his touch.

"Let me wash you. I will send Krouth to fetch tea for your headache."

She nodded tentatively and he rose again. The sounds of him giving quiet firm orders and returning to strip off his own clothes seemed normal, comfortingly so. Isonei barely opened her eyes as he joined her in the tub.

°°°°°°°°°°

Draeseth's touch had been so gentle and soothing Isonei had fallen asleep in the bath, curled against him. He had murmured for her to rest as he dried her. And she let him pull her tightly against himself in the bed; the feeling of him behind her as she clung to his arm was more steadying than it should be.

The whispered conversation she woke to as he rubbed her side was incomprehensible and she turned to bury her face in his chest instead of rousing herself to find out what it was.

Draeseth laughed softly, "The midwives are here to see you. You should wake long enough to speak to them."

She whined and pressed her face more firmly against the hair of his chest.

He kissed her ear and spoke quietly, "My father has postponed the welcome dinner. I will come back to bed with you after this and we will take our meal here."

Sighing, she nodded and moved back enough to look at him. "I'll have to thank him tomorrow. I don't think I could sit upright at the table tonight much less be charming."

"I sent him word you had fallen asleep in the bath. It convinced him to let you recover before introducing you to the Court."

"Your father can be very kind." Isonei smiled at him wryly, "I'm sorry I raised my voice to you. I'm unbearably unpleasant when I'm tired."

A slow smile spread across his face, "Sour, perhaps, and taxing, never unpleasant, my silver jewel."

Isonei began to laugh as he echoed the words she'd said in Leria what felt like an age ago. "Sometimes you're too charming to endure."

"While you have been taking up my bad habits, wife, I have been learning your charming ways." Draeseth's eyes glittered. "Your maid will remain with you. Men are not to be present." He kissed her forehead and pulled away, sitting up and barking for Krouth who brought him a robe.

Eyeing him as she sat up and stretched with a yawn, she waited until he turned to speak to her before teasing him, "Have you considered a shorter robe? You're too beautiful to cover yourself up with so much fabric."

Draeseth tried to give her a sour look but she could see his lips twitching. "A robe is meant for covering. When I return I will let you look at me until you fall asleep again, woman." He was smiling as he moved past the cluster of women near the door.

Mes closed the door and approached the bed with a baffled frown, "You were-you were flirting with him, your Grace?"

"When he's being sweet and gentle I try to encourage him." Isonei gave her a small smile and looked to the four women waiting patiently, "Who are they?"

"These are the midwives. The eldest are sisters, Olri and Oulna, they delivered the Queen's sons. The younger women are their daughters, Avtora and Alrina, who are learning the arts of it." Mes lapsed into Torgan as she spoke with them for a moment. "They don't speak Aran."

One of the older women beckoned for Isonei to rise from the bed and spoke cheerfully in Torgan. 

"They want you to come to the room you bathed in for the test. It will have to stand for two or three days so it's best kept out of the way." Mes explained and fetched her robe.

"Thank you. What is the test exactly? King Orgath said it had something to do with grain?" Isonei tugged the robe on and let herself be ushered back to the room she'd bathed in.

After speaking to one of the women again Mes offered, "The test is simple, your Grace. You urinate in the bowl with the grain and it will sprout if you're with child. The wheat will sprout if it's a girl and the barley if it's a boy. They say it's almost always right."

Isonei shuddered, "It has to stand for two to three days? That doesn't sound pleasant."

"That's why it's being put in a less used room, your Grace."

Tilting her head, Isonei made a face, "You don't know how often I bathe, do you?"

The Munian woman tried not to laugh. "In Mun, we bathed daily, I was told it's the same in Ara. But here... does his Highness let you bathe so often?"

"They only fill the tub for me once or twice a week, but Krouth makes certain I get a large basin and several pitchers of warm water every day so that I can wash with soap. Draeseth makes certain I have very good soap." The woman looked envious and Isonei smiled sheepishly, "You can wash with me if you'd like. It would be cruel to wash in front of you if you weren't able to do the same."

Mes smiled, showing her dimples again. "I've gotten used to it, your Grace, but I do wash more than the other women the King keeps."

A bowl of mixed grains was presented to Isonei and she looked at it with a dubious frown. "If I could have some privacy?"

After she'd done as she'd been told, Isonei looked around for a basin to wash her hands in and found nothing. She emerged clasping her hands to ask Mes to fetch water and saw Krouth standing patiently with a basin and pitcher as the women gave him annoyed looks.

"Forgive the intrusion, I knew your Grace would want to wash afterward. Do you require a chemise?"

"Thank you, Krouth, I don't think so. I'm not sure what else they need from me, and I would very much like to go back to bed." Following him back into the room to wash, the women entered as well making the smaller room feel overcrowded. They discussed something over the bowl and shifted the grains around.

"They think you should have more to drink, your Grace. The tea went cold earlier, should I have more made?" Krouth's cool solicitousness somehow felt like an apology and a chiding rolled into one.

"Some tea would be lovely, thank you. Perhaps Draeseth would like some as well?"

"I will inquire." He gave a shallow bow and slipped from the room.

Noticing Mes' furrowed brow Isonei dried her hands and stepped closer to her, "Is something wrong?"

"He's doing what I'm supposed to do."

"I think he wants me to see you're not really needed. But he can't stay here and translate for me, and you can't leave to get tea without leaving me alone. Krouth is too clever for his own good sometimes but if you're kind and thoughtful he will be as well." Isonei stifled a yawn. "What still needs to be done?"

Mes immediately prompted the women out of their discussion and guided Isonei back to the bedroom. 

They immediately began to pepper her with questions from how tired she'd been, how often Draeseth tried to have sex with her, whether or not she wanted to have sex so often, to how much she ate and how much time she spent in the fresh air. When they'd finished they discussed things quietly amongst themselves and sent Mes to fetch Draeseth. 

He didn't seem to argue as they spoke sternly to him but Isonei could see that he wasn't pleased. After they finished speaking to him, they spoke to Mes who nodded earnestly and assured them she would do something.

The midwives left the room and Draeseth gave Mes a quiet command. The Munian woman looked to her nervously.

"Please speak Aran. What did they say?"

"I told your maid to allow me to speak to you of it." Draeseth scowled at the woman as she lingered.

"They asked me to be certain all their instructions were relayed, your Grace." Mes swallowed and avoided looking at Draeseth.

"Let him speak to me first, and when we've finished you can make certain he remembered everything." Isonei gave Draeseth an amused smile.

His response was a growling grunt and Mes left quickly as he came to sit next to her on the bed. "Krouth is fetching tea. He says you need to drink more. I would have you drink a cup before we lie down."

She nodded and moved to sit closer, letting him pull her onto his lap. "What did they say?"

"Once a day is the most I may bed you, less would be better. They wish you to be offered food between meals, anything you will eat, and you are to spend time outside every day. Food and fresh air may help you with your tiredness. They also said I should take care not to upset you, treat you gently and carefully."

"Aside from less sex, I like what they recommend." Isonei kissed his neck and slipped her hand inside his robe to rub his chest. Less sex was a very good idea to help keep her from getting hopelessly confused again but it was hard to refuse him.

He made a pleased sound in his throat. "They did not ask you if you wished less?"

"They asked how often you like to have sex and if I enjoyed it. I told them two or three times a day and that I did. We're very well matched in bed."

Draeseth's lips curved in a rueful smile, "That is why they were so firm. Most wives would reject a husband so demanding. I must restrain myself."

"I've tried to discourage you once or twice, but you're very persuasive." She laughed as he grinned down at her.

"Perhaps after dinner you will feel refreshed enough to give your husband some relief. I have been aching for you since this morning, and your teasing on our ride nearly drove me mad with desire." He untied her robe and caressed her breasts. "To have you in my arms praising me as much as you teased me..." The low growling groan that came from him made her flush.

"After dinner?" Isonei started to open his robe and he began to laugh pulling it closed again.

"Woman, if I can only bed you once a day it will be when you are awake and energetic enough to appreciate it." He laughed in his throat as she pouted at him, pulling her own robe closed. "Come have tea with me, I want to get back into bed with you."

"That sounds good. It's chilly in here and you're warm." She teased him and tried to stand up but he pulled her close for a hungry, lingering kiss. 

"I will keep you warm, my jewel." Draeseth rose and set her gingerly on her feet. "I will have Krouth fetch your slippers."

"Thank you, but maybe Mes should do that?"

He muttered sourly under his breath as he wrapped her arm around his and led her out to the main room.

"You'll like her when you get to know her."

"You are fond of everyone if they treat you with kindness, wife. You should be more discerning."

Isonei bit back a retort as he brought her to the table and Krouth poured the tea. She glanced around for Mes.

"My wife would like her slippers."

"Of course, your Highness." He moved toward the bedroom before Isonei stopped him.

"Where is Mes?"

"I sent her to fetch a bowl of apples, your Grace. She said you require food between meals and asked what she should find for you."

"An apple would be nice." Picking up the cup she breathed in the delicious scent of the tea. "This isn't just sea dew flower."

"No, your Grace. It is an Aran blend I was told."

Draeseth made a dubious face as he sipped the tea but Isonei beamed. "Pale anise, sea dew flower... this tastes like tea I had with my father one chilly morning on the Sea of Glass. A storm had blown through in the night and the morning was much cooler than usual, the innkeeper brought us tea because I looked cold."
