 Huge thanks to Todger65 for helping edit and Nthusiastic for beta reading and asking good questions!

*****

Halloc Urroth had been summoned immediately. Isonei wasn't sure how she should be feeling, she tried to soothe Draeseth as a distraction from thinking about it. The Halloc had insisted he remain for the examination quite possibly as punishment, the priest had not been pleased to hear the Prince had been attempting to bed her when she'd begun bleeding. 

Draeseth knelt next to the foot of the bed where she was laying with her knees up and apart. She was being intimately prodded, stroking his hand clenched around her own, when the Halloc made a pleased sounding proclamation in Torgan. The moment he stepped away she closed her legs.

The large Torgan exhaled and began to kiss her hands murmuring what she recognized as a prayer of thanks to Ganas.

Halloc Urroth washed his hands and waited until Draeseth had finished before speaking again. "The bleeding is not a concern. It should not grow as heavy as an emmenia but be on your guard. Until it stops completely I advise you to rest as much as possible."

"Thank you." Isonei gave him a smile tinged with relief she was surprised to feel. He inclined his head with a small smile and left them alone together.

Lifting her and placing her onto the pillows, Draeseth lay next to her and held her close, his head at her covered breasts. "Wife..."

Kissing his head and rubbing his arm for a moment Isonei let him relax. "I was going to ask you to fetch water so that I can wash, but I think you need to be reassured more than I need to feel clean."

He made an amused sound in his throat. "I will wash you. I am grateful for your forgiveness and for Ganas' forbearance." Draeseth exhaled again and squeezed her.

Her forgiveness... She had forgotten for a moment, but it wasn't as if there was any real anger left in her. It was more like resignation. His promises couldn't be trusted and she would refrain from making more to him as she discreetly sought a way home. The thought made her feel ill at ease. Perhaps if she broke the clasp as Lothlaerith insisted in the dream. Whether she was truly speaking with the Dagas or merely dreaming and helping herself find a way home it made a certain kind of sense. 

Returning from her thoughts, Isonei realized he was purring another prayer in Torgan as he held her close. She pressed her cheek to his hair and waited until he finished before moving again. 

Draeseth rose to kiss her before climbing from the bed and summoning a servant. He spoke firmly in Torgan and sent the maid away with the basin of dirty water. "She will bring a clean basin and warm water."

She sat up and moved to sit at the edge of the bed with a mischievous smile. "You're very good at this, has Krouth been giving you advice?" 

"If I were not still concerned for you and our child I would put you over my knees, woman." Coming to stand in front of her, he pushed her back and took hold of her leg, bending it and stooping to kiss her knee. "You will rest. I will have our dinner served here and we will ride together in the carriage in the morning. The Kamrus will not dare to upset you, I will see to it, my delicate wife."

"We can eat with everyone else. If they were told anything about the need for the Halloc to visit me a second time it would be thoughtful to reassure them. He said it isn't a concern so perhaps you shouldn't treat it like one." Moving her leg to rest her foot on his hip she smiled ruefully, "Though, I would like your company in the carriage. I may not be able to sit in your lap but I-" Isonei laughed as he pulled her closer to the edge of the bed wrapping her leg around him and leaning over her to steal a kiss.

"As you wish. I ache to show you the depth," he kissed her urgently and rubbed her thigh, "of my relief and my desire to please you."

A sharp rap came at the door and he pulled away, tugging her chemise down to cover her demurely. Draeseth answered the door with a sour look on his face.

"I would have expected you to be more cheerful." The King entered the chamber and Isonei sat up in a hurry intending to get under the covers. "No, no! Please. I do not mean to intrude, Duchess. I just wished to make certain you were not being imposed on, the Halloc seemed to have concerns that my son presses you into sex."

"Your son knows the ways to convince me even if I'm not particularly eager, but he doesn't force me. If I were able to say no when he tired of kissing me into submission I think he would respect my answer."

Draeseth made an annoyed sound in his throat but his lips were twitching. "If I take off my tunic and roll my shoulders back I can convince you without kisses, woman." He blushed slightly as his father slapped his shoulder with a smile. "But I will try to listen instead of kissing you into submission again."

"I would suggest waiting to convince her until the midwives have made certain your wife is well enough. You were almost born a month early because your mother could not refuse me either."

The Torgan Prince's amusement faded. "I will heed your advice."

King Orgath moved to the bed and sat on the edge with a smirk. "I was told you are a surprisingly truthful creature, Duchess. Why was my son so sour when he opened the door?"

"You interrupted him." Isonei curled her feet under her and straightened her chemise. "He hates to be interrupted."

The Prince glowered and folded his arms.

"He intended to bed you to celebrate the good news?" The King's smile became sly.

"Not at all, your Majesty. He was being sweet and loving, as well as seductive. I'm almost certain he was about to suggest a less strenuous way of celebrating." She fluttered her lashes at Draeseth and his eyes glittered.

"Woman, if you keep teasing me I may bend you over the bed well or not."

"Truly? I thought you'd insist on having me on my back so I could rest?" 

He rolled his shoulders back and interlaced his fingers as if he intended to crack his knuckles. "It would be to leave a handprint on that perfect blue ass of yours, wife." 

Isonei dissolved into laughter and the King rose from her bed with a laugh of his own. 

"Her flirtation is as scandalous as Burgath said." He switched to Torgan for a moment growing more somber and then left the room after his son gave him an answer.

Draeseth came to the bed and climbed onto it pulling her down to curl against his side. "He says you adore me and I should keep you this way. My mother was the same until she became so unhappy she stopped. He advised me to keep you away from the Kamrus."

She drew a deep breath pressing her face into his tunic. "I do adore you. I know I should be angrier that you made promises to me in bad faith, but you melt me. What you did wasn't fair to me, Draeseth."

"I did what I felt needed to be done. I need you by my side, my Duchess."

Her insides twisted. He felt no regret. Staying with him was a reward for what he had done. That was the true decision she needed to make. To allow him to be rewarded for making promises he had no intention of keeping or to see him punished. Closing her eyes she thought of Tyhnoth, sweet and dour, this could not be rewarded.

Everything felt clearer. Isonei took another breath. He still smelled like leather and spices. If this is what the God of death endured, his tasks must be unbearable. The first thing she would do when she returned to Ara would be to visit his temple and leave gifts, and perhaps kiss any priests she could find.

The door opened without a knock and Krouth's voice making an inquiry in Torgan startled her. Draeseth pulled her close again and held her firmly as she turned away from him to look. Krouth was followed by several servants with a large basin and steaming pitchers, as well as cloths and soaps. 

"You are not interrupting. The Duchess has been comforting me and I wish to keep her close."

"The Halloc was very impressed with her Grace's devotion. In a circumstance where women require comforting, she chose to calm and soothe you rather than demanding it from you." His tone was cool and his look to Draeseth was displeased.

"Krouth? I would ask you to be kinder but the question on my mind is, if you're here-"

The slim servant bowed. "I explained in great detail the distress unclean meat gives you, your Grace. After rumors began to circulate of the Halloc's report and my own warm account of you they will go to great lengths to keep your food clean." He smiled faintly as she placed her hand over her heart. "Warm water and all you require have been brought. A fresh gown is being prepared for you as well."

"Thank you, Krouth. I-"

"I wish to have privacy to wash my wife." Draeseth's scowl could be heard in his voice and the servants hurried from the room.

"The Kamrus wishes to speak with you before the meal, your Highness. If you wish to change your tunic to one that will match her Grace's dress first you will not have time." As he spoke two maids hurried in with a fresh gown and a matching tunic from their trunks. 

"Go." Isonei carefully turned and gave him a rueful smile. "And try to be pleasant? For me? We've been poor guests and I don't want to lengthen the list of our faults."

The Prince's face softened and he bent to press his face to hers. "As you wish. I can inform him I will be riding in the carriage with you tomorrow." He rose grudgingly to change as Krouth filled the basin.

°°°°°°°°°°

Brisnora returned to fetch Isonei for dinner and smiled at her nervously, gesturing at the green gown with black vines she managed to get out the word, "Pretty."

"Thank you!" Isonei beamed at her and the woman relaxed slightly. 

The walk down to the large dining room was quiet. Brisnora occasionally tried to offer her what was probably meant to be a cheerful smile but the Torgan woman looked so skittish it was more unsettling than comforting. 

Once inside the dining room, Burgath greeted her warmly. "Duchess Isonei! We are all pleased you feel well enough to join us for dinner. You make dining more pleasant."

Placing her hand over her heart she gave him a warm smile, "You're always such a charming dinner companion, Prince Burgath. I couldn't bear to squander the opportunity."

Lord Vigrim raised his eyebrows and gave her a disapproving frown but the King beamed. "That, Lord Vigrim, is Aran charm. They flatter. Every word is dipped in honey."

"Your Majesty!" Isonei kept her tone light, "We're simply glad to give praise where it's due! Calling it flattery implies our words are untrue."

"How did my least charming son win such an enthralling wife?" King Orgath leaned on his hand with a smirk.

"Draeseth is very charming! I found it wonderfully refreshing to spend time with a man who wasn't trying to impress me at the Festival. He has a delightful earnestness."

The smirk faded to a wistful smile. "His mother was the same way. Other women fell at my feet, she remained standing. The Kroscur breeds proud people."

"And beautiful ones. He's the most beautiful of your sons."

The King laughed, "You had never met a man who did not fall at your feet and he had never met a woman who lavished him with praise."

"It was not," Draeseth paused as everyone turned to look at him. "It was not that she praised me. It was the way this exquisite creature looked at me. I want to be the man she sees." He offered his arm. "A man with a good heart and kind nature."

His words and adoring smile made something twist in her belly. She found herself moving to take it before she knew what she was doing. The large Torgan lifted her top hand to his lips before pressing it to his forearm.

"My wife sees me in a way no other does."

"You are nauseatingly sweet together." King Orgath's eyes had narrowed slightly and corners of his mouth had turned down somewhat. His gaze was focused on the way she was holding his son's arm.

Draeseth guided her to a seat farther from his father than they had occupied before, murmuring, "We have made him jealous, my gentle wife."

"Would it make him feel better to know that Onsh-Lothlaerith called me as overly sweet as my father's wine?" Isonei smiled up at him ruefully and heard the King snort a laugh.

"Somewhat, Duchess. Perhaps I should be asking my son how his tastes changed from flower wine to honey?" 

Taking her seat she noticed that Lord Vigrim and his sons, sitting closer to the King, now looked somewhat uncomfortable as did Draeseth. She answered with a bright smile, "Why wouldn't he? Flower wine is very nice but no wine is better than my father's." 

"Spoken like a dutiful daughter." Lord Vigrim inclined his head leaping at the opportunity for conversation. "I hope mine would speak as proudly far from home."

"Do you make wine, Lord Vigrim?"

"We do. My family has made wine for generations." He raised his chin proudly.

"So has mine. My father can talk about our bees, his fining process, and the wood to use for casks for hours." Isonei beamed at his pleased expression.

King Orgath held up his hand, "So can Lord Vigrim. A dull topic to discuss over a fine meal."

"Only because your Majesty can't participate." She offered him an impish smile.

His eyes widened and he straightened, looking for a moment as if he were deciding whether or not to take offense.

"You should not tease my father. Even if you think fondly of him, he is still the King." Draeseth frowned at her without a trace of amusement.

"Forgive me. I thought he might feel better if he saw what you have to endure." Isonei tried to look contrite and saw his eyes begin to glitter.

Tilting her chin down he growled something in Torgan that set the men at the table laughing. The women didn't look amused.

Brisnora spoke quietly with a frown and Burgath answered her before switching to Aran. "Lady Brisnora thinks Prince Draeseth shouldn't insult you in a language you do not speak. I told her you would not take offense to his words."

"What did he say?" Isonei looked at up the smirking Torgan curiously.

"I said that by custom the jester is not brought out until after dinner."

Her face broke into an impish grin but she schooled it promptly into a look of mock offense, "If I were the jester they would have laughed at my jests, not yours!"

He tried to glower as the men laughed again but his lip was twitching. "Call me a jester again, wife, and you may go to bed without dinner."

"Turnabout is fair play." She fluttered her lashes and shrugged delicately with one shoulder.

Draeseth joined the rest in laughter, reaching out to brush his knuckles down her cheek. 

"She praises your earnestness and does all she can to make you laugh." The King looked deeply amused, leaning on his hand again.

"It's no fun if it's easy, your Majesty!" Isonei turned a bright, wide-eyed smile on the King.

"I have changed my mind on allowing more of these to be brought." He sat up eying her wistfully, "With a dozen at Court nothing would get done."

"Be less amusing, Duchess." Burgath gave her an annoyed smile and Ougath punched his shoulder.

She imitated Draeseth's sternest expression and held it for as long as she could as the Princes and their father laughed themselves to the point of tears. Draeseth pulled her hand to his lips and kissed the backs of her fingers, nipping them, until she stopped.

"Perhaps the meal should be served?" Lord Vigrim smiled wryly as his royal guests composed themselves. 

"Please," King Orgath gave him a gesture of approval and the Lord nodded to a servant allowing the food to be brought out and arranged on the table.

An impressive amount of food began to accumulate in front of them and even knowing it was swine it still smelled surprisingly delicious. After a moment she realized most of the dishes nearest her were on a different color of platter, the wheat colored dishes looked out of place with the polished metal under the rest. As she set down another platter, the servant spoke quietly to Draeseth and Isonei heard him thank her.

"The food without swine is on the stoneware platters. There is venison, beef, and goat, as well as vegetables and bread made with sprouted grain. That is a specialty here in the Strecur."

"So much? Lord Vigrim! I have been impressed over and over by Torgan hospitality. Thank you!" Placing her hand over her heart she gave him a warm smile and was rewarded with a genuine beaming expression that lit his brown eyes.

"Thank you, Duchess, you are very kind."

"Spending time with her and seeing how gracious she is, makes me understand why Arans think of Torgans as rude," Burgath spoke wryly as he put food on his plate after his father was finished with a platter.

"Torgans seem very reserved to us. We're very open. But I've noticed that Torgans are only rude when they intend to be." 

Burgath grinned and inclined his head before saying something in Torgan to Draeseth. The large Prince made an amused sound in his throat and answered something that sounded poetic, placing his hand on the table palm up in invitation.

Isonei took it without thinking and the women beamed murmuring to their companions. Ougath snorted and shook his head. "To hear the Beast of Kroscur spoken of as the ideal. A sweet husband that a woman wants..." 

"As my wife is fond of saying, it is not difficult to be nice. Find a woman better than you are and allow her to make you a better man, brother. Then perhaps they will speak of you that way." Draeseth lifted her hand and kissed her fingers, releasing it as the servant came to offer him the platter. He said something in Torgan and the servant looked to the King who made a gracious gesture.

The women murmured approvingly again as he began to fill her plate, something from each of the golden brown platters now being offered. Venison in a thick dark sauce, so tender it was nearly falling apart, thinly sliced beef, and roasted goat. A variety of roasted vegetables, peculiar pickled red cabbage, and a thick slice of bread that he heavily slathered with butter.

Trying the bread first, she found the butter had a slightly sweet flavor as if it had been made with a touch of honey and it went well with the coarse nutty bread. Taking a bite of the venison, Isonei stared at the plate in disbelief. It was so similar to her Daga's... she took another bite and closed her eyes. The same earthy sweetness and hint of smokiness permeated the tender meat.

"Your Duchess looks delighted. What did she sample?" Lord Vigrim asked curiously.

"The venison." Draeseth smiled taking a bite of it from his own plate. "A Lerian recipe my servant obtained from the kitchens of Daga Liadith. He asked your cooks to make it knowing it comforts her."

"Bring it here." The King gestured imperiously. "Lerian dishes that are not commoners fare are rarer than Aran dishes here." After tasting it he looked pleased. "There may be more demand for Lerian recipes when this becomes better known."

She watched as the platter began to be passed to the others and bit back her protests, she desperately wanted more of it. Draeseth made an amused sound in his throat and took what was left on his plate and placed it on hers.

"I know how you are with your favorite foods, my Duchess."

Impulsively she leaned toward him and he let her press her face to his. "Thank you."

A quiet Torgan conversation began close to the King and Draeseth smiled, pulling back he gestured for her to eat.

All of the venison, and at least some of all the rest, and she was stuffed full and feeling sleepy as the Torgan conversations around her continued. The venison had been the best thing on the plate followed by the bread and surprisingly the pickled cabbage but nothing had been inedible. It was one of the better meals she'd had in the months since her arrival in Torga.'

Letting her mind wander, Isonei let Draeseth idly rub her hand below the level of the table. Whether it was a habit or affection, it was too easy to keep letting him draw her back into confusion. She needed distance to keep her resolve. As loving and sweet as he could be, knowing she could be forgiven any lapses with him until the end of the year, he was too much to resist. If Aulla wanted to teach her the lesson that desire sometimes overpowered better judgment she couldn't have done it more pointedly.
