 Huge thanks to Todger65 and Nthusiastic for editing and beta reading!

*****

Isonei woke as Draeseth stirred next to her. It had been nearly an entire Torgan week since he'd brought her home from the convent and he'd insisted she sleep next to him. However, he hadn't tried to take off her nightdresses or press her for his desires to be seen to. He was being almost jarringly thoughtful, even going so far as to fill her plate at meals and ask her opinion on travel arrangements.

After breakfast today they would be leaving for the Torga Thoncur and King Orgath's Court. Their journey would be leisurely; Prince Ougath's Keep in the Torga Strecur would be their stop for the evening. It took them out of their way but it would be the most comfortable option and they would be able to arrive at the Thoncur Keep, the center of Torga, rested between lunch and dinner the next day.

She hadn't realized she was drowsing again as her mind wandered until Draeseth began to kiss her face murmuring in Torgan. "Ulzen ungst, vor ourst yent."

"Gentle morning?" Isonei couldn't help but smile at the pleased sound he made in his throat. 

"Gentle morning, my wife."

"Ulzen ungst, ungengs z치t."

His grin as he pinned her was broad and his eyes glittered, "Who taught you to say beautiful beast?"

"You called yourself Z치t furh Kroscur and you taught me beautiful."

"You could call me husband, zoitstest."

"Uhhmm, or z치tu zoi-" She squealed, trying to wriggle away, as he growled and tried to stick his tongue into her ear.

"Beastly husband is not nice, wife. Am I not good to you?"

"You've been very good to me, hardly beastly at all." 

"You learn Torgan quickly when I try to teach you. Your Hodrim will have little to do." He pressed his face to hers.

"He can help me learn more and he can have a good life. You'll adore him."

"I will adore my own children." 

Isonei tried not to sigh audibly, waiting for him to move off of her.

"Your disappointment stings, wife." Draeseth kissed her cheek before rising. "Not everyone has as tender a heart, but I promise you, I will love our children."

She bit her tongue to keep from suggesting he put that in the amended Arrangement as well. "Hodrim is wonderful, you'll see."

"If you wish to discuss children, I would think on my own. When will you allow me to give you one?"

"When the Arrangement is amended. I want to know you meant what you said first."

"You won't forgive me for breaking my word?" His shoulders tensed as he sat on the bed to pull his pants on.

"You've broken it too often Draeseth. I need to have a way to hold you to it before I can trust you."

"I understand." Reaching back he grabbed her and pulled her next to him. "Are you certain you want no gifts from me?"

"Save your money. I need very little and there are a great many things I want to do. The children here need schools, in the orphanage they need looms and materials and-"

Draeseth's face broke into a smile and he pulled her into a tender kiss. "My Duchess, when you speak that way I want to pull down the stars and string them on a necklace for you."

"If you can do that without taking away from my little ones I suppose I can allow it." She couldn't help but smile as he began to laugh crushing her against him.

"Princess Kresh insists on spring bouts and there are rich rewards. Father has insisted I fight for her amusement in the past but this year I may choose to without prodding."

"Draeseth!" Isonei tried to wriggle out of his arms, her eyes wide.

"Coddle me afterward, my loving wife. I enjoy the bouts; the audience cheering my opponent is what burns me."

"I won't cheer your opponent, but I don't want you to be hurt. Why would you risk it?"

His wide wicked grin made her flush. "I am not weak, woman. Let me impress you with my strength and skill."

"Only if you'll agree to let me put healing salve on you if you get injured." She tried to frown but in the face of his pride and excitement it was difficult.

"Done." He stole a kiss and released her. "Now go dress. I want to eat and be on our way. Ougath is expecting us before dinner."

"Aing." 

"Koustinde. 'I will do it.'" Draeseth's eyes glittered.

"Koustinde, zoitest."

He barked a laugh, "Zoitstest."

"Koustinde, zoitstest." Isonei gave him an annoyed look as he grinned. 

"You sound more obedient than you look, my jewel. Go dress."

Slipping through the Duke's door she gave Krouth a warm smile and let the maids help her into her plain black travelling dress. 

"Your Grace is in a pleasant mood?" The slim Torgan inquired between quiet orders to the maids.

"I am. Draeseth was being charming this morning."

"More charming than usual?" His curious tone earned him a rueful smile.

"I thought for a moment he was going to be sour. He brought up Hodrim and asked when he would be permitted to try to give me a child."

Krouth mouth tightened. "I advised him not to press you."

"He didn't press. And I think he was satisfied with my answer." Isonei smoothed her dress as she sat letting the maids arrange her hair. "Do you have everything you need for the journey? Tea for your headaches and your cloak in case it rains?"

"I do, your Grace." His face softened into bemusement. "Having Hodrim in the house should give you someone else to mother. He is a lucky child to have been chosen."

"I'd have asked for them all if I thought Draeseth would let me have them. I think it's why he asked for two children for every one I adopt."

"I have no doubt, your Grace. Having the Keep full of children would be a welcome change but perhaps more of them should belong to his Highness than not?"

"Agreed." Draeseth leaned against the doorframe. "We can give our children more Torgan names if it would please you. Hodrim is a good name."

"They've grown on me but I still prefer Aran names." She offered him a smile. "I'm puzzled that I get to choose the names. They belong to your House."

"In Torga a wife belongs to her husband's House. These children will be ours and the mother has the privilege of naming them." Draeseth's eyes glittered. "Have you thought of any names other than Kothesei?"

Isonei tilted her head side to side for a moment, "Thaedreth might be a good name. Or you were very fond of the Saint Mallach? Mallath might be nice."

Draeseth's eyes lit with desire. "Both are fine names. Mallath would be my choice."

"Amend the Arrangement then, the names are already chosen." She made a face at him.

"As soon as we arrive at my father's Court I will have the contract and scribes sent for, woman. I would have a copy of my own again and I desire your forgiveness as much as I want our children brought into this world."

Breakfast was hurried, the eggs and toast she'd grown accustomed were accompanied by yogurt and honey. Draeseth filled her plate and then devoured the meats and breads he put on his own plate with a speed she hadn't seen, occasionally tapping next to her plate to hurry her along.

A cart of luggage and servants as well as the carriage waited outside. She was bundled into the carriage and tried to take her place next to the window to look out at the scenery, but found herself pulled into Draeseth's lap before they had even begun to move.

"It is my hope that our return will be more like our journey to my home, with your affections given freely in the carriage, my loving wife, but I am content to hold you close and feel your warmth."

Cuddling close she tried to stifle her yawn. "When will it be uhhmm the end of Shprayt?"

He laughed softly, "Ailzem? It begins soon. The weather is very mild for this time of year; I expect that when we return in a few weeks the first of the flowers will be blooming in our garden. The walls will be covered in them."

"The walls?" Isonei idly ran her thumb over the fabric of his black tunic as if she were playing with the hair on the chest beneath it.

"The first of my flowers to bloom, King's Carpet, grows in the cracks of the stone walls. They are bright, like the color of Caeridith's mantle. The walls will be purple until well into Penst, the hot month."

"Why is it King's Carpet if it grows on the walls?"

"When you find it wild in Torga it grows on the ground, in the cracks of the stone. My mother had it carefully grown on the walls in our garden."

"It sounds lovely. Caeridith's mantle was a beautiful color."

"You still favor the Soldier's Wife?"

"With the thorns and scarlet blossoms? Yes."

"There are prettier, less thorny, scarlet blossoms that will grow in Penst, my wife."

"If you don't like Soldier's Wife why do you grow it?" 

He made an amused sound in his throat. "It was a gift of sorts. They did not think I could keep it alive. It wants a warmer place, as fierce as it looks it requires careful tending."

"You grow it spitefully?" She lifted her head to look at him feeling her lips twist. "It's a beautiful plant!"

"I grow it to prove that I can." Draeseth began kissing her face. "Kros Voyeh is more lovely, and less demanding."

Isonei tried to make a pouting face at him but his constant kisses made her laugh instead. "You should be grateful I favor difficult, prickly things."

Laughing in his throat the Torgan captured her lips before tucking her head beneath his chin and holding her tightly. "I am." After a few long moments he spoke again, "I have given some thought to allowing you to write to your father. I cannot permit you to trade letters with the Dagas or Andnaeuth but if Lord Eliorith can be civil I will let you write to him and give you his letters."

"Do we have paper?" She tried to wriggle out of his embrace and he held her in place as if he were immovable, a man made of stone.

"You may write him when you have time at my father's Court. I want to enjoy your company."

Wanting to offer him a reward for the gesture, she thought for a moment on how to reply in Torgan. "Oh! Uhhmm, mul zoitstest tsvangeltot."

Draeseth's laughter nearly bounced her from his lap. He let her slip to the side as he tried to compose himself. "Woman, you want to say if it pleases me? You said if it pleasures. That is not a mistake to make in front of others."

"Then how should I say it?" Isonei crossed her arms and made a face at him.

"Mul dits tsvangeltuhe vor ourst zoitstest. That is the most correct way, my jewel, 'If that pleases my husband.' You have heard them say, 'Mul aitst tsvangelti,' if Duchess pleases. It is more what a servant would say."

"Your language is as confusing as Lerian."

He laughed again and pulled her back into his lap. "I have not yet explained that the word for Duchess is the same as that for Queen."

"And Princess?"

"Aitstshe. Prince is shproxtshe. Little King."

"That's adorable! Shproxshe."

"ShproXT-she. Shproxshe is a term for a man's cock."

"Gods, your language... I think I know why Torgan women don't want to use their mouths in the bedroom. They're exhausted from trying to pronounce every 'xt' 'tst' 'sh' while half growling, half swallowing their 'r's and-"

His loud bellowing laughter cut her off and it took him considerably longer to stop this time. Even after, he occasionally muttered in his tongue and chuckled to himself, pressing kisses to her hair. Isonei had to admit it was nice to have him in a good mood; his laughter was still a delightful sound. She closed her eyes and got comfortable in the crook of his arm.

"What are you thinking of, my drowsy wife?"

"I was thinking how pleasant it is to have you in such a good mood; you have such a beautiful laugh."

"I am... a fortunate man."

She could feel him pressing his face into her hair. "To have a drowsy wife?"

"To have a wife who brings me joy and laughter, and who curls against me so sweetly."

Yawning she rubbed her face into his tunic, making him laugh softly in his throat. "You are a very good pillow."

"What will you write to your father?"

"That I love him and miss him. I can tell him about Hodrim and the Arrangement, the good things that have happened. That he didn't get my other letters is probably a mercy. He would be worried sick about me."

"The one who stole my copy of our Arrangement also stole your letters. They were delivered. My father has been chided by King Tamnaeuth that I attempted to deceive him. That I have not permitted you to receive or send letters is also a topic of discussion. Burgath has been insisting you be permitted to write."

Isonei tried to school her face to hide the fury that bubbled up inside her, hoping she looked pensive instead of angry. He hadn't given thought to letting her write her father, he had given thought to the fact she would be offered the chance to do it behind his back. "Do you have letters for me from my father?" 

"Full of promises to bring you home." He held her against him like an iron bar and she knew better than to move, it would make him think she was struggling.

"May I read them?"

"You have been more content since you have been making plans to remain. Reading them can only make you homesick again."

Explaining to him she hadn't stopped being homesick would be foolish. Isonei took a deep breath and forced herself to relax against him. "I would still like to read them."

"When we return home, perhaps." Lifting his hand he stroked her face. "You are still angry with me. Your face shows your emotions as if they were under glass, wife."

"To keep my father's letters from me, knowing how much I want to hear from him..." 

He gave a growling grunt. "Krouth said to give them to you."

"You should listen to him. He knows me well." She covered her face and rubbed her eyes.

"I envy his closeness to you. He has told me of your mothering... It makes me wish for headaches."

Gently pulling away she gave him a rueful smile, "If you want your head rubbed you can ask."

"Rub my head, woman." Draeseth's eyes glittered as he let her slip off of his lap and put her back to the corner of the seat. 

Trying to find a way to sit that was comfortable for them both and would let her reach his head was more difficult than it looked. Finally he knelt in the floor between her legs to let her massage his head, his hands kneading her silk stocking covered calves. 

Beginning at the base of his neck she used gentle pressure and slow small circles, working her way up to his temples, the Torgan groaned with delight as she drew her nails over his scalp moving her hands back down. Rubbing his neck and the base of his skull, working her way up and down over and over again, seemed to enthrall him. 

He began to murmur in his language and it took a moment for her to realize he was praying. Isonei continued until he finished with a sigh, reaching further to rub her thighs and pressing his face into her skirts.

"Woman, your touch... You do this for Krouth?" Draeseth's hands gripped her thighs painfully as he asked.

"No. I mostly rub his temples and he never lets me do it for long." She drew her nails over his scalp again as he loosened his grip and made a pleased sound. "You were praying?"

"Ganas has blessed me beyond belief; I have prayed to be worthy." He raised his head and she tried to smooth his disheveled black hair into place. "Our son will be named Mallath and dedicated to Ganas." Turning his head he kissed her hand.

"What does that mean? Dedicated to Ganas?"

"He will be a priest. Our first born will be a Halloc, or perhaps a Kamrus, instead of a Duke."

"Kamrus?" Isonei smiled and bent to meet him as he leaned forward to kiss her.

"The highest rank of priests. You will meet Kamrus Gillaugrim at my father's Court. He was always kind to me." Reluctantly he released her thighs and sat next to her, hesitating before contorting himself to lay his head on her lap. "If I had a second father, it would be Kamrus Gillaugrim."

"I'll look forward to meeting him. Does he speak Aran?"

"Yes. He is my father's cousin, he had a nobleman's education. It was his brother who died childless and allowed my father to give the Torga Kroscur to my mother."

"It amuses me that you learn Aran but find Arans so vexing."

Draeseth snorted, rubbing his cheek against her covered thigh. "The language sounds musical and rich, and when written it looks like it should all be poetry. The beautiful curves and the way the lines flow are baffling but beautiful, my wife. Much as you are."

"Torgan writing is much more baffling. How can you make any sense of all of those little lines? They all look the same!"

He barked a laugh and smiled, half closing his eyes as she stroked his hair. "Meeting you will assuage Gillaugrim's fears. He was concerned my father's influence had finally pushed me from my faith."

"He and your father don't get along well?"

"No. He disapproves of my father's whoring. He was fond of my mother, however. Her family was very religious and she often came to him to pray and beg forgiveness for her sins. She wished me to be a priest to atone for them."

"I can't imagine you as a priest; you don't have the right temperament." Isonei tried to remember the places he'd rubbed that had made her head tingle in the carriage months ago, massaging around his hairline gently.

"Perhaps, but my father refused to allow it. The quarrel did not help the rift between the priesthood and the royal House. I am a bastard son; it would have been common for me to enter the priesthood."

"Why did your mother continue to see your father if she felt she needed to beg forgiveness?"

His eyes closed and he sighed, so she continued caressing his temple. She had begun to think he'd fallen asleep when he finally answered. "She loved my father, but she was not happy that he was married or that he had other mistresses. She wished to leave him many times but he would not allow it."

"Ah. That's where you get it from." Her lips twisted in bitter amusement as he opened his eyes and half turned on her lap to give her a black look.

"You should not tease me about your desire to leave me, wife."

"I was teasing about your similarity to your father, but he, at least, did let your mother go as far as the Torga Kroscur. You can't bear to let me go farther than the garden."

"I will turn you over my knees, woman." Draeseth's dark eyes began to glitter. "I allow you to look over the parapets." 

"Z치tu zoitstest!" Isonei tried not to laugh as he muttered under his breath in Torgan and adjusted himself on her lap.

"Be loving to your beastly husband, woman."

"You're more of a kitten with how much you love to be stroked and caressed."

He made an amused sound in his throat. "Shnoingeestshefe zoitstest. Kittenly husband."

After several attempts at the word that had him roaring with laughter, she poked his arm and huffed at him, "You're a beast because it's easier to say!"

"Do not prod your husband." He sat up with a broad grin and pulled her into his lap tickling her mercilessly, making her shriek with laughter as she tried to wriggle away from him. "Wicked teasing wife, do you wish to be over my knees?"

Her face was flushed as he pulled her close. 

"Why do you refuse me if you want me, woman?" Draeseth kissed her lustfully and she returned it breathlessly before pulling away and ducking her head to prevent him from doing it again. "Why?" His arms tightened around her as he breathed the displeased question into her hair.

"If I don't, you won't amend the Arrangement. It's the only way I have of making you want to do it." 

Draeseth carefully placed her on the seat next to him before moving to the seat across from her and staring sullenly out of the window for a moment. "Stay." He opened the door as the carriage was still moving and sprang out. It closed firmly a moment later and she made herself comfortable on the seat leaning against the wall by the window. Looking out as the scenery rolled past she tried to quiet the wretched confusion bubbling up inside her.
