 My thanks to Todger65 for helping to edit chapter after chapter and Nthusiastic for beta reading and making suggestions! 

***** 

Isonei's dreams were fractured and restless. Arguing with Lothlaerith about her confusion, trying to keep her father's house from filling with water, and being submerged and surrounded by fish with the faces of children from the orphanage. She woke as tired as she'd gone to bed. 

Krouth and Draeseth had a quiet concerned conversation in Torgan and before she was dressed for breakfast it had been decided that travel would be postponed for another day. Ougath and Burgath looked at her with concern as she entered the dining room on Draeseth's arm. Her rueful smile didn't change their expressions. 

"Please forgive me for being such a terrible guest, Prince Ougath." 

"Think nothing of it, Duchess. I had thought my brother was making excuses not to bring you, I will trust his opinions more in the future." Ougath turned his attention to Draeseth, "If you wish I can have my healer attend your wife. I know your servant has a formidable knowledge of herbs but perhaps someone better trained should see to her?" 

"I will be grateful for any assistance, brother. My wife's health is a constant concern to me." 

Burgath nodded, "You should feed her better. She's far too thin, that may be part of the problem." 

Draeseth stiffened and she stroked his arm soothingly. 

"We will be having a breakfast that should be more pleasing to your Duchess; I had my cooks solicit some recipes from father's Munian cook in preparation. I thought a good breakfast would help you on your travels but perhaps it will serve to help you recover more quickly." 

"Thank you, Prince Ougath, that is very thoughtful." Isonei tried to give him a warmer smile and the man looked almost embarrassed, gesturing to have the breakfast served. 

Bowls of creamy cooked oats with familiar spices and unfamiliar nuts were brought as well as yogurt, fresh bread, honey, boiled eggs, and butter. She tasted the oats and beamed, it was very similar to something she'd had while travelling with her father near the Sea of Glass. Before she could speak Draeseth muttered something in Torgan making a face at his bowl. 

"You can't tell me you don't like it, it's delicious!" Isonei took a second bite as his brothers laughed. 

"It looks as if it someone has already eaten it, my jewel." 

"I could say that of the wretched brown spread you enjoy." She gave him an impish smile earning an annoyed grunt as he tried a small bite. 

"I can have some of the jirl elzemt brought for you, brother." 

"Jirl...?" Isonei looked at Ougath with curiosity. 

"Brown spread, Duchess." 

"Koust." Draeseth inclined his head setting aside his spoon. "My wife has a peculiar palate; I can rarely eat the things she enjoys." 

Isonei furrowed her brow, "I thought just saying, 'Koust' was rude? It's like just saying 'Do.'" 

The three Princes broke into laughter. Burgath offered her a warm smile, "In Ara it would be rude. Here it is expected. Saying please constantly and trying to soften your requests is seen as being weak." 

"Our brother is known to be rude for a Torgan, Duchess. If you can make him embrace Torgan manners we will all be amazed, if he embraces Aran manners some may suspect you of sorcery." Ougath grinned broadly and laughed as Draeseth scowled, muttering in Torgan again. 

"Some may already suspect it of her when they see the Beast of Kroscur doting on his fragile Duchess." Burgath's eyes glittered with amusement. 

Draeseth's hand curled into a fist and Isonei put her hand on it, pulling it to her lips. "It isn't sorcery, just affection." 

His hand uncurled and he caressed her face letting her kiss his palm. "Your affection might be sorcery, my jewel. There is nothing I would not endure for the touch of your lips." The large Torgan's expression softened as she smiled and pressed more kisses into his hand. 

"Of five sisters there must be two suitable for us, brother." Ougath sounded annoyed but he wore a faint smile. 

"I am certain of it." Burgath took a bite of the yogurt. "The two belonging to House Beivaris might be the most like the Duchess. They are her mother's daughters, from what I understand she favors her mother heavily." 

Releasing Draeseth's hand and returning to her meal she nodded with a smile, "My father always said so, but my mothers said that was only in temperament. She had more generous curves; in appearance I resemble my father's mother more strongly." 

"House Beivaris? And your mother was of what House?" Ougath leaned forward slightly. 

"House Neriris." 

"Are they also a waxing House?" Burgath glanced at Ougath. 

"That is a difficult question. They're very wealthy and powerful but out of favor with the King. The southernmost part of Ara belongs largely to them. When I met Lord Wreynath and two of his sons they were very charming, but not overly fond of my father." 

"He did not allow you to visit them," Draeseth interjected. "That would sour their opinion of him." 

"I suppose. I never thought to question him when he said without my mother I had no ties to her House." Isonei contemplated the meeting for a moment, the men of House Neriris had been charming, but not overly familiar and she hadn't been invited to visit. She shook her head, "But I'm not certain it was personal. Father was careful not to slight them; if I had been invited to visit he would have permitted it." 

"Political. Your father curries favor with the King." Burgath nodded with a smug smile. "You met them at a party?" 

"Yes." Isonei laughed, smiling at the memory, "Father spared no expense on my gown and there were fresh blossoms among the twists of my hair. I was not yet of age so I couldn't wear jewelry. Lord Wreynath teased me that I had ruined the party by making all of the women jealous and disappointing all of the men." 

"If that is all it takes to ruin a party, my jewel, you have ruined every party you have attended with me. And you will ruin many more." Draeseth took her hand from her lap and brought it to his lips, kissing the backs of her fingers as she beamed and blushed. 

"Areshen." Burgath sighed shaking his head. "She did outshine the bride at Liadith's wedding." 

Isonei blinked at him and then sucked her lips against her teeth in imitation of the Daga, "I did not! Arissa was stunning." 

"Her jewelry outshone her own beauty, yours was so delicate and tasteful it accentuated your loveliness. You should have seen her, brother. Lerian gowns-" 

Draeseth loosed a furious string of words in Torgan and pounded his fist on the table. She didn't need to understand the words to know his meaning. 

"Lerian formal gowns are not indecent! They're Lerian. I'm not ashamed to wear one or to have the gowns described." Isonei frowned at the glowering Torgan as he rose from the table and stalked out. Into the silence after his departure she sighed, "A few months ago I would have gone after him to soothe him. But the task is too exhausting and it never ends." 

"Even for an Aran the gowns must be... revealing." Burgath gave her a speculative look. 

"I travelled to Leria yearly as a child, Burgath. We often spent a month or more there. What other Arans might think of the gowns I don't know, but I always found them lovely. I was proud to wear Liadith's scarlet." She rubbed her temples and closed her eyes for a moment. 

"Isonei... you try so hard to put on a charming face I forgot you were feeling ill." Burgath spoke quietly in Torgan to Ougath for a moment. "Are you finished eating?" 

"I want to eat more, it's delicious, but I don't think I can." She offered them both a sad smile. 

"I will have my healer fetched. Perhaps Burgath will escort you to your room?" Ougath looked at his reluctant brother. 

"It may be better if a servant shows me the way. Draeseth is in a mood, I would hate for him to take it out on-" 

The sharp Torgan command barked from the doorway made her look over to where Draeseth now stood glowering. 

Both Burgath and Ougath raised their voices speaking at once but only Burgath spoke in Aran. "I can see why there are rumors of estrangement! You command the Duchess to come like a dog!" 

There was silence after they finished yelling. Isonei sat hunched covering her eyes, her head aching. After a moment Krouth spoke quietly from behind her chair. "Your Grace?" 

"My head is throbbing, Krouth." 

His hand was cool as he pulled her fingers away and laid it on her forehead. "No fever, but you should lie down, your Grace. I will have tea made." He helped her to her feet and guided her back to her rooms without a further word. 

In the bedroom, the slim Torgan drew the drapes, darkening the room, and helped her out of her overdress. The pillow felt pleasantly cool against her face and she didn't realize how quickly she'd fallen asleep until she was woken by a warm hand checking her for a fever. The drapes had been reopened and there was an unfamiliar elderly man looking down at her curiously. 

He spoke in a wheezing voice to Krouth and made a gesture toward her, coughing wetly as he stepped away. 

"Elder Vignach would have you sit up and drink your tea, your Grace." 

Obediently, she sat on the edge of the bed and sipped the lukewarm liquid, sea dew flower sweetened with honey. Draeseth was sitting in a chair in a corner of the room looking sullen and answering questions the wheezing man was posing. To her surprise a harried looking younger man lurched in carrying a large bag. 

She looked to Krouth for an explanation as he eyed the man with disapproval, "Damaug is learning the... arts of healing from Elder Vignach." The way he hesitated made her tilt her head. 

"I thought the Hallocs were healers?" 

"They are your Grace. These men are not of the priesthood. They do not rely on Ganas' grace and guidance to heal." His gaze was frosty as he leveled it at the men. "Be wary, your Grace." 

Isonei eyed them with a frown. Noticing it, Damaug seemed to protest in Torgan gesturing at her and at Krouth. Draeseth barked an unpleasant laugh and gave Krouth a black look as he spoke with clear displeasure. He switched to Aran after a moment, "Wife, these men will not harm you. Ougath trusts them more than he trusts a Halloc." 

When she looked back to Krouth for his opinion Draeseth growled something that sounded vicious in Torgan and the slim servant flinched. Vignach immediately began wheezing and gesturing downward with his hands flat. 

"Is he... is he advising calm?" Isonei asked slipping from the bed to step closer to Krouth. She wanted ask if the man was being threatened but it would be a foolish question as the threat of violence was clear in Draeseth's voice. 

"He is, your Grace." Krouth inclined his head. 

"Then whatever else he is, he has at least some wisdom. Will you translate for me?" She offered him a small smile as he inclined his head again. "I trust Master Krouth's judgment as I trust my father's. He can sometimes be too quick and sharp but it's wiser to err on the side of caution. A lesson I have been slow to learn." She gave Draeseth a cool look. "He advises me to be wary, and wary is what I will be until I see a reason to be more trusting." 

The words seemed to amuse the elderly man, his reply made both Draeseth and Krouth scowl. The servant made no offer to translate so she looked to Draeseth. 

"He quoted a children's tale. 'If you do not perform the labor you may not eat the bread.'" 

She offered the elderly man a smile. "We have a story with a similar line. An old housemother asks for help gathering what she needs and making the bread. No one helps, but they all wish to have a slice when it's finished." 

"That sounds much like the tale, wife." Draeseth's face softened. "She eats the bread by herself at the end." 

Shaking her head Isonei laughed softly, "Not in ours. In ours they had to bring a dish to her to earn a slice. The story ends with a meal fit for a king. The moral being, a little effort now may save you more later; but sometimes how you atone for your mistakes makes them worth making." 

Krouth translated and the elderly man began to laugh until he coughed uncontrollably, a deep, horrifyingly wet sound. Isonei shooed Draeseth from his chair to let the man sit and sent Krouth for water, while patting the man's back firmly. It took him several long moments to be able to breathe properly again. 

Vignach looked amused and wheezed something to Krouth as he took the water. The slim servant responded with a resigned tone before translating. "He said you seem to feel better when you mother others. I told him I have noticed the same." 

Sipping the water, the man asked Krouth a question that sounded like one he'd asked Draeseth. He looked at Isonei with a frown. "He asks when was the last time you had your emmenia." 

"In the month of Obris nearly seven months ago I think." She looked to Draeseth who nodded slowly. 

"The end or the beginning, wife?" 

"The end." 

The Prince spoke with a frown to the elderly man and Isonei watched his eyes widen. 

"None at all since the beginning of Dipf, your Grace?" Krouth looked startled as well. 

"The silphium prevented it. I expected it to start again when I was no longer permitted to take it but..." 

The three of them began to speak and she retreated to the bed, realizing Damaug was standing well back and listening. The younger man opened the bag and rummaged through it pulling out a cloth wrapped glass vessel with an oddly round bottom. He offered it to her with an expectant look and Isonei tilted her head in confusion. 

"Aing!" The elderly man sounded pleased as he spoke to the younger but she couldn't understand their conversation. Vignach spoke to Draeseth, gesturing toward her and the Prince cleared his throat uncomfortably, looking to Krouth. 

"Your Grace, you are intended to," he hesitated, "urinate in the glass. They believe the mysteries of your ill health may be found there." 

She could feel her face flushing, "You're making a jest." 

"No, your Grace. We will all leave the room." He began to coolly shoo everyone out. Vignach remained in his seat and waved his hand as if dismissing him. Krouth responded in a gelid tone. All she understood was Duchess of Kroscur, Aitst furh Kroscur, but the elderly Torgan raised his eyebrows and obeyed without further argument. 

It took a few moments for her to compose herself enough to fill the glass vessel. Afterward she tried to place it next to her basin, nearly spilling it. It took a little time and careful positioning to have it remain upright while she poured water to wash her hands. Krouth cleared his throat from the doorway as she was drying them. 

"I've finished. I washed my hands and I think I'd like to put my overdress back on. I feel..." Isonei rubbed her arms. 

"I understand, your Grace." He fetched her overdress and helped her into it before summoning the other men. 

Vignach looked at the liquid with amusement holding it up to the light and giving it a sniff before he carried it into the other room where Damaug was laying out other vessels, some of which already held liquids. Isonei followed with a great many misgivings. 

He cheerfully wheezed something that made Draeseth's sour expression turn to a dubious smile. The Torgan Prince began to ask questions as the two men poured the yellow liquid into other vessels mixing it with a variety of the other liquids. But when they tasted what was in the glass vessel Isonei nearly vomited, covering her mouth and turning away with a shudder. 

Krouth solicitously escorted her back into the bedroom. "They have not finished their... examination, your Grace, but they say the color and," he hesitated, "other properties, suggest that you are with child. There will undoubtedly be a Halloc at Court who can be more certain." 

Isonei stared at him feeling her insides twist. 

"It might help explain why you feel so exhausted." Krouth studied her face. "Your Grace is unhappy?" 

"I..." She sank onto the bed and took a breath. "It's just that there's so much I wanted to do. Will you-will you help me make arrangements for someone to care for the baby after... After..." Isonei covered her face with her hands. Part of her would be deeply relieved to go with Tyhnoth but part of her was already aching at the thought of her motherless child. 

"Your Grace," Krouth laid a hand on her bowed head. "What I said before was cruel, you may well live to have many more. There are prayers that can be offered and the birth can be hastened if need be, before the child grows too large." 

She tried to gather herself; there would be no point in worrying yet. Krouth pulled his hand away speaking Torgan to someone, his tone sounded earnest and when she lifted her eyes Draeseth was standing in the doorway. 

"I would have you be joyful, wife. Trust that Ganas will look after you." He came closer and she let him embrace her, burying her face in his tunic. 

There would be no way to go home now. Staying and making his home her own would be the only possible choice if she lived past the birth. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei was seated at her father's table staring at an empty plate. A movement made her look up in surprise. 

"Isonei?" Her Daga was entering the room looking at her cautiously. "Are you well?" 

It took everything she had not to break into tears at the question. Putting her elbows on the table and resting her face in her hands, she took a juddering breath. "My Daga..." 

He pulled her out of the chair and squeezed her, holding her close. The smoky sweet smell of his father clung to his mantle and she buried her face in it. "What happened?" 

"I wasn't permitted to have my silphium. The priests said it was unhealthy and I've been so sickly since I've been here..." 

"We will bring you home, Isonei. This is not a death sentence." He kissed her head. 

"It is, my Daga. I can feel it. If... if he allows my ashes to be sent home I would have them divided. My heart is split in two, my Daga. I want to go home to my father's house in Ara as much as I need to come home to Liadith." 

"I will see it done." He stroked her braided hair and held her tighter for a moment. "The Torgan stood next to me as a brother, intending to deceive me?" 

"I don't know. I don't think so, my Daga. He accuses me of being too free with my word, but he's the one who can never keep his own. Even small things, if he promises I know not to even hope. He has a good heart but he's stubborn and selfish." Isonei took a deep breath with her face pressed to his scarlet mantle. "I should never have given him the knife. I thought it was a harmless gift, a Torgan tradition. But he said so firmly that he would use it to cut the ties binding me to my father and to you, my Daga." 

"It's an old magic, one used before the Dagas came together, when we used to war with one another. I didn't expect him to know how to use it. The fault is mine. I should have taken it from him when he handed it to me and broken it." Daga Liadith stepped back still holding her arms. "I will bring you home, sweet girl. I will bring you home alive if I can. I command you to try to return." 

"My Daga, I don't know how." She looked at him helplessly. "He keeps my cloak so that I can't go outside without his knowing. Even if I managed to take someone else's I don't know where to go and I wouldn't make it far. When I've left his side, with priests and his permission, he's come and fetched me in a temper accusing me of trying to escape. I can't do it alone and there is no one here to help me." 

"You are not alone daughter of Liadith." He smiled grimly. "Do you know where he keeps the knife?" 
