 My thanks to Todger65 for helping edit and Nthusiastic for beta reading and asking good questions!

*****

"My Duchess used to rub my head..." King Orgath exhaled and closed his eyes as Isonei tilted his head back, beginning at his temples and then drawing her nails over his scalp to the crown.

"I learned to do this for my brother Geroth, he gets headaches." She couldn't help but smile at the way his face relaxed.

"As do I, I always wanted a daughter to rub my head. I had hoped to get one from my Duchess, but it seems I was only meant to have sons."

"My father only wanted sons. I was supposed to be Isionath." Making circles with her thumbs at the back of his head, she remembered the way her father had kissed her head as he'd talked about it. "But he said he was glad I wasn't. A son might not have been as affectionate, and he enjoyed buying me dresses because I used to twirl in them when I showed them to him. My brothers never did that when he bought them new clothes."

The King laughed and opened his eyes slightly. "That was what I wanted. Athelosa wanted to name her Orleesa. My Deventha tried to give me one when she learned that was why I had given my Duchess a child. She loves her sons, but each time she had another she hated Draeseth more. My wife intended to name the girl Orventha."

"Both are lovely names. Kothesei is the one Draeseth and I like."

"Peculiar but pretty. And if you have a son?" He smiled warmly closing his eyes again.

"Mallath. I let Draeseth choose between that and Thaedreth."

"I like Thaedreth better but Mallath might appease the Kamrus. It was wise to ask Draeseth's opinion."

"In Ara, the father names his children. It would be too strange for me to name them without it."

"You want a large family as you and Draeseth both had?"

Isonei laughed, massaging her way forward again, "I do. I adore children and my mothers always said, 'The more love the better.'"

"Wise women. Your father is a fortunate man."

"He is. I hope he still is... when he's unhappy his temper can rival Draeseth's. My mothers can't bear to be around him-"

A loud displeased sound from the doorway startled her. She looked up to see Draeseth standing with a clenched jaw and hard eyes.

"Come have a seat," King Orgath gestured to her vacant place at the table before reaching up to touch her hands. "There is a basin in the bedroom if you wish to wash your hands, little Duchess."

"Thank you."

The servant helpfully appeared and gestured for her and she gratefully followed to wash as the pair of Torgans began a gelid sounding conversation.

When she returned, Draeseth rose and gripped her arm behind the elbow. "We will see you below when you are ready, father." His fingers dug into her painfully as he escorted her from the room. 

Near the top of the stairs, he stopped and turned her to face him. His face was set in a furious scowl and his hand didn't loosen. "Are you seducing my father or are you allowing him to seduce you, Duchess?"

"Neither! You should know better, Draeseth." Isonei touched his wrist, "You're hurting me."

"You hurt me each time you allow yourself to be seduced." He tightened his grip before releasing her.

"I haven't! Not once since the Festival!"

Draeseth snarled at her in Torgan drawing his hand back as he had before he struck the wall in Ara.

A polite cough brought him back to himself and he put his hand down, schooling his face to frigid displeasure. "Halloc Hroth, the Duchess you wished to meet. Escort her to the carriage; I will be riding with my brothers."

°°°°°°°°°°

Isonei felt nervous in the carriage, surrounded by disapproving priests. Halloc Urroth sat next to her and Kamrus Gillaugrim sat directly across from her. The one introduced as Halloc Hroth sat next to him eying her coolly.

"You looked at Prince Draeseth as if he betrayed you as he mounted to ride with his father and brothers." The Kamrus folded his hands and adjusted himself on the seat.

"I made the mistake of believing him when he said he was going to start keeping his word. I will remember not to do it again." She turned her head to look out of the window but the Kamrus reached to pull the curtain blocking her view.

"And what had he promised?" He narrowed his eyes when she looked at him incredulously. "You will be respectful."

"He promised he would stay with me and make certain you were kind. Instead, he abandoned me to ride by myself in a carriage with a man who has been cruel and disrespectful to me." Isonei folded her arms and straightened herself, moving into what felt like a safer position in her corner of the carriage. "I will continue to return your disrespect to you. I loathe cruel people."

"I would expect a more repentant attitude from someone who has expressed interest in joining a convent."

"Why would I be repentant?"

"You do not repent for your sins?"

"What sins?!" Isonei shook her head and turned her head again to eye the drawn curtain. Realizing that if she pushed it she could slide it toward the Kamrus and open it on her side again, she did so letting in some light and a view of the now passing countryside.

There was a long pause until Halloc Urroth cleared his throat. "Have you not bedded men other than Prince Draeseth?"

"Not since I chose to be exclusive with him." She glanced at the Halloc with a frown.

"But you admit to... dalliances before you met him?"

"I do. Why?"

"A Torgan Prince deserves a woman worthy of his station. A woman of virtue." The Kamrus spoke icily and it ignited her fury.

"Then, by all means, send me home. Prince Andnaeuth would have me as a Queen." Seeing him blink she gave him her best imitation of Andnaeuth's knifelike smile. "Allow me to introduce myself since you clearly do not know to whom you speak. I am Isonei of House Ernelis, daughter of Liadith. My House is a waxing House and my Daga is strong. Outside of Torga, I outrank Prince Draeseth, and I can assure you I am more virtuous than he is. I keep my word unless I am prevented and I haven't bedded anyone else since I became exclusive with him. Two things he cannot say."

"Why was Prince Draeseth so furious with you this morning?" Halloc Hroth eyed her speculatively. "He accused you of being incapable of fidelity."

Isonei gave him a bitter smile "He should know better. His father asked me to rub his head after breakfast. I was standing behind his chair doing just that when Draeseth came in to speak to him and dragged me out by my arm. His jealousy is exhausting, and part of the reason I wanted to retreat to the convent."

"Then why did you press him into the Arrangement?" Kamrus Gillaugrim gave her a withering look that suggested he thought lying was one of the sins she was guilty of. It made her stomach knot.

"I didn't. Whether you believe me or not it's true. I saw him kiss Lady Lislora and I asked to be sent home. He insisted it was a mistake and asked to have the Arrangement we had discussed before, the one he had refused because he wished to marry me instead. I declined and he... found a way to press me."

The Kamrus made a scoffing sound in his throat but Halloc Urroth asked gently, "How?"

"I met a man in the village below the Keep, a Son of Mun. We spoke briefly of home, of how he came to Torga-"

"Was your husband present?" At Halloc Hroth's interruption, she fell silent and waited with a gelid look until he offered a shallow bow of apology from his seat.

"No. Everyone was busy and I thought that since we'd gone to the village the day before and I knew the way I could go alone. There were so many people around; Draeseth would know I hadn't done anything wrong. While we were speaking," she added pointedly, "with an audience and not touching, Krouth came to fetch me back."

"Is there a point to this?" Kamrus Gillaugrim adjusted himself in his seat again.

Isonei looked at him tiredly, "Draeseth brought the Son of Mun into his study, bound. He threatened to mutilate him and give him to me to have as a friend because the man was enslaved. Instead, I bargained to have him released unharmed and given his freedom. I traded my life for his. To satisfy his jealousy Draeseth had sex with me in front of the man once the bargain was struck. He wanted the point driven home that I belong to him."

She stared blindly out of the window trying to will the tears that had begun to well in her eyes to dry. It was the truth but not all of the truth. There had been pleasure in it, explaining that would be too confusing for them, Gods knew it was for her.

"He spoke of having wronged you." The Kamrus spoke quietly after several moments. "And of your gentle and generous nature."

"He usually praises me for my forgiveness. I can't stay angry even when I should. I didn't press him into the Arrangement; no one should ever be pressed into one."

"I assume it nullifies it." Kamrus Gillaugrim sounded almost hopeful and she looked at him with a delicate shrug.

"That would be a matter for the courts. I made a bargain. An Aran does not go back on their word or bargain in bad faith." Isonei hoped the courts would nullify it, but it was possible they wouldn't and her leaving would be complicated.

"The same courts that overruled your King and sent you here?" His hopefulness faded.

"Yes. I made a choice and as it was in line with our laws and traditions..." 

He rubbed the bridge of his nose. "You could petition the priesthood of Ganas to take up the matter."

"To what end?" Isonei eyed him dubiously. "You won't send me home. I would be alone in Torga with a child. With the Arrangement in place I can have half a year away from him, and when it's amended, I can spend my time looking after those who need it in the Kroscur. I enjoy helping others and I adore children. Petitioning you to nullify it would be foolish." The only safe place to ask for it to be nullified would be Ara but she chose not to voice that.

Halloc Hroth said something in Torgan with a quiet resigned tone and the three began a conversation she couldn't take part in. She gazed out of the window at the dead looking trees of the forest they were passing through. At a different time of year, it might have been lovely.

After a time Halloc Urroth cleared his throat again. "You mentioned Lady Lislora, was she pursuing his Highness?"

"No." Isonei turned back from the window. "She was pushed toward him. I like her, and I'd be happy to let her take the other half of the year from me for Draeseth's sake. They're well suited."

The Kamrus' face soured. "You encouraged him to bed her."

"I encouraged him to put me aside and marry her. He didn't want to hear it. His mind is set on keeping me despite the fact she can give him what he needs and I can't." She rubbed her temple and turned back to the window.

"You pushed her toward him. That-"

"I didn't!" Isonei snapped cutting him off. "Krouth did. I was locked away in the winter garden alone and miserable, writing letters that Draeseth lied about sending. The two of them prayed together and walked the parapets together. He was convinced that if he could wait long enough I would become so miserable I would beg to marry him just to have someone to talk to!" 

Closing her eyes she took a breath and composed herself. "I didn't know the two of them were being pushed together until it had been done. I was so isolated the only thing I knew was my own misery."

Opening them she admitted, "I'm not a jealous woman, and I didn't discourage them when I found out. But I thought that if he had to choose only one of us he would take the one better suited to him, the one who can give him everything he needs. I thought he might keep his word and return me to Ara."

"If you petition the priesthood to nullify your Arrangement you will be sent back to Ara." Kamrus Gillaugrim frowned and looked at her expectantly.

"If there is one lesson I've learned better than any other since I've been here, Kamrus, it's to never expect a Torgan to keep his word. Your King, in front of me, told Draeseth that he should lie to me and say that marriage will enable me to return to Ara and see my family. Once he has what he wants, once I'm married to him, he doesn't have to keep his word." She returned his scowl. "The only thing petitioning your priesthood will do is leave me alone and helpless in a cold place with a child to take care of. Or Gods help me, dead in this cold place with no one to return my ashes to my family and no one to take care of my child."

"If you were reclaimed-" Halloc Urroth began, stopping abruptly as both she and the Kamrus gave him scathing looks.

"It was explained to me that a woman without family is treated poorly. Are you going to tell me that those women haven't been reclaimed by Ganas? If I nullify the Arrangement here my only family is in Ara and Leria. I may be somewhat naive when it comes to Torgan ways, but I'm not so foolish I would put my trust in people who don't take care of their own."

Halloc Urroth's lips parted in surprise, staring at her as if she'd struck him.

"You will never be a Sellac." Kamrus Gillaugrim smoothed his robe speaking coldly. "Not with such vitriol in your heart."

"It isn't vitriol, it's what I've seen and what I've been told." Isonei tilted her chin up as she looked at him with resignation, "And Draeseth made it clear I wouldn't be permitted to become a postulant but I will be permitted to spend half of the year at the convent if I choose to."

"It would be dangerous to have a woman not fully reclaimed around the children. Until you renounce your false gods and embrace Ganas you will not be permitted to return." A ghost of a smile passed over his face. "Nor will you adopt a Torgan child."

Isonei's insides twisted making her feel ill and her heart ached. "I will not renounce my Gods. I had wished to include Ganas among them."

"Ganas is the only true God. You worship him alone or not at all." The Kamrus smiled grimly.

"Then I choose not at all. I will have a room in the Keep dedicated to my Gods and my child will know them." The way he blinked and the horrified look that spread over his face was gratifying.

"Prince Draeseth will not allow that!"

"To have me remain by his side for the entire year? I think he may. He wasn't pleased with the thought of me escaping to the convent." She adjusted herself defiantly in her seat. "The Arrangement is to be amended; it won't be difficult to include it in the changes."

The Kamrus' jaw clenched. "We will see." He lapsed into Torgan with the two Hallocs until the carriage stopped for a picnic lunch.

Draeseth stood outside the carriage waiting as the priests disembarked, and he offered her his hand with a small apologetic smile. Isonei considered not taking it for the briefest of moments but she did need help down.

"I have never seen you so angry with me, my Duchess." He wrapped her arm around his and guided her to a blanket set apart from the others. "I need to beg your forgiveness. My father rhapsodized over you, over your conversation and daughterly manner."

"You broke your word to me, Draeseth. You gave them reason to believe the Kamrus was right in his assessment of me and abandoned me to endure that man alone. Part of me wishes I were foolish enough to petition them to nullify the Arrangement as they insisted I should." She ignored the way heads snapped toward her and settled herself onto the blanket stiffly. Draeseth remained standing.

"Wife, do not say such things..."

"I told you not to allow the Kamrus near her." King Orgath rested a hand on her head before joining her on the blanket. "I should have insisted you enjoy the fresh air with us."

"No, your Majesty. In some ways it was good. I needed to be reminded that I'm Aran and I have my own Gods. Ganas is yours and not-" She looked up as Draeseth began to curse in Torgan, bellowing something at the Kamrus.

"Go redeem yourself in your wife's eyes." The King commanded coolly and Draeseth stalked toward the priests. Orgath gave her a sly smile as Draeseth began to argue loudly with them. "You said that deliberately, knowing it to be the one thing that would make him the most angry."

Isonei took a breath and tried not to smile, "It was what my father would have done. He's done it to me before when his disappointment wasn't enough to make his point."

His sly smile widened, "I would like him, I think."

"You would. He's quick-witted and clever, charming when he wants to be-"

"Stern and hot-tempered? He almost sounds Torgan." The King's smile warmed.

She allowed herself a quiet laugh, shaking her head, "Almost."

He glanced toward the priests, "Did I hear the Kamrus say you intend to dedicate a room in the Keep to your Gods?"

"He made it clear that I'm not permitted to visit the convent or adopt, and that I can't add Ganas to the Gods I worship. It seems only fair I should have a room set aside for my Gods if I won't be allowed anything else." Isonei shrugged delicately and tilted her chin up.

The King's smile was vicious, "Very true, little Duchess. I will make inquiries of one of the more reasonable Kamruses if you can be granted a dispensation." He paused as Krouth wordlessly laid a platter of cold sliced meats on the blanket and retreated. "Perhaps you would consider something in exchange?"

"Of course. I'm fond of you, your Majesty, you don't always have to do something nice before asking me to consider your wishes." 

"You are unbearably sweet." He eyed the platter and then barked a command in Torgan. "Something you can eat will be brought. I thought your servant would have seen to it."

"Master Krouth isn't my servant, he's Draeseth's. And he has very strong feelings about Draeseth arguing with priests." She rubbed her temple. "He blames me for it. The Kamrus can do no wrong and he adores Draeseth."

"A maid for you will be arranged. Someone trustworthy."

The sudden quiet as the argument between Draeseth and the priests ceased seemed ominous and she turned to risk a glance at the returning Prince. His jaw was tightly clenched and his scowl made the hair rise on the back of her neck. He came to stand next to her as his father spoke almost cheerfully in Torgan. After a moment the sound of Draeseth grinding his teeth made her look up and place a hand on his leg. 

"Please don't do that. It sounds like it hurts."

He sank to the blanket and pulled her onto his lap, adjusting himself and pulling her tightly against his chest as he replied to his father. 

The King's servant brought a cloth wrapped bundle on a platter and placed it near Isonei unwrapping what looked like two dough pockets carefully. She looked at the King curiously. They looked like something her father had bought for her to eat when they visited the Sea of Glass, the dish she'd so enjoyed her Daga had tried to recreate it in bite-sized morsels.

"My Munian cook suggested them. He said they are common in Ara and travel well."

Isonei picked one up and tentatively took a bite. She hadn't been hungry when she'd left the carriage but the taste and smell of the ground lamb and goat cheese with soured cream, garlic, and mint made her mouth water. Swallowing her bite she beamed and answered him, "By the Sea of Glass, yes. I loved them."

She held it out to him still beaming, "Would you like to try it?"

"You are offering my father, the King of Torga, the one you have already bitten into." Draeseth murmured into her ear.

"I did ask to be treated like her own father." The King looked at the pocket dubiously but took it before she could change her mind. 

Watching him take a small bite was like watching Draeseth try foods she enjoyed. He seemed surprised and not entirely pleased by the flavors but he took a second bite and chewed speculatively before giving it back. "It could be improved."

"It's perfect the way it is!" Isonei laughed and took another bite with relish. "Mm. I may try to steal your cook away, your Majesty."
