 Huge thanks to Nthusiastic for beta reading, helping edit, and making suggestions/good catches! 

***** 

Isonei was telling the tale of the innkeeper and his wooden statuette, pretending to be still and made of wood when the children said the fire was out, 'shtungkilfongst hoblens', and dancing when they said it was lit, 'shtungkilfongst tsvorkloimt', as Lislora translated the story. The rest of the family watched, occasionally speaking amongst themselves in quiet amusement. 

Draeseth suddenly barked at them in Torgan. What he said was unintelligible to Isonei, but the Torgan woman winced. His brothers immediately began to chide him. 

Lislora spoke quietly in Aran, "Sit down, Isonei. He told the children they will not be able to play with you again if you do not sit and rest." 

As she settled onto the floor with the children, Kas came to sit in her lap very solemnly saying something to her that Ror and Hodrim immediately agreed with. Looking to Lislora, Isonei tilted her head and waited. 

The Torgan woman frowned and glanced to the still arguing Princes, "She says you didn't seem as undignified as a jester to her." 

Pulling the girl close, Isonei murmured, "Vor pexoents otst vor. Thank you, Kas." 

Rogath rose and came to where they sat, gently pulling Kas out of her arms. "You may finish the story later, Isonei. The Princesses should be on their way to their lessons and Uncle Draeseth is in a foul mood." 

"They're wonderful, Rogath. I adore them and I will be happy to tell them stories whenever they have the time." 

"I will make certain their Aran tutor knows. He may find it as enthralling as we did to hear you tell your tales." He gave her a warm smile and began speaking to his daughters, leading Ror out as Kas protested, wriggling in his arms. 

Hodrim rose and helped Isonei back to her feet. He said something very softly and she tilted her head. When she didn't understand he turned to Lislora and murmured it to her. 

"He wants to go back to your rooms so you can rest and sit with him until time for the mid-morning prayers." 

"I'd like that, but I need to find out why Draeseth has gotten upset." She gave the Torgan woman a tired smile. "The man is exhausting and not always in a good way." 

Lislora rose from her seat and walked to where Draeseth sat, engaged in a sour discussion. She spoke coolly for a moment and he inclined his head. Upon rising he gave a curt nod to his father and seemed to take his leave. Burgath said something in a frigid tone that earned him a scowl from the larger Prince but the King seemed to second it. 

Isonei let Hodrim pull her gently toward to door. 

"I will come with you, Nei." Kresh opened the door for them. "You should have some friendly company after being so harshly spoken to." 

"I appreciate the offer, Kresh, but I need to speak with him and then I-" 

"You do not wish to continue putting me off, Nei." Kresh leaned closer to hiss almost directly into her ear. "I may choose to have what should be a private discussion publicly." 

"That doesn't sound friendly, Kresh." Isonei stepped back and frowned. "Thank you for allowing me to spend the morning with your daughters. They're a joy." 

Draeseth stalked out, flanked by Lislora and Isonei fell in behind them keeping her arm around Hodrim. When they reached the door to their rooms the Prince gave a command and the Torgan woman hesitated before refusing and stepping back to put an arm around Isonei. He pushed the door open with a scowl and they followed him in. 

Rimathe tried to slip in behind them unnoticed but he lacked Krouth's skill at being unobtrusive. Isonei quietly spoke to him in Lerian, "Please take Hodrim to the study and find something to read to him so that he won't be disturbed if voices are raised." 

"I will not raise my voice to you, Isonei." Draeseth moved to the sofa to sit with his elbows on his knees, glowering at the floor. 

"You were in a good mood, and suddenly you were angry and unkind, I don't know what to expect from you." She kept her tone carefully neutral but came to sit on a chair close by. 

The growling grunt he gave made Lislora flinch slightly. "It was not sudden. I was enjoying the story with my brothers and my father. But Adareth began to speak of you as a perfect woman. He was envious and said he would never have needed a second wife. When you were dancing for the children, he spoke of aching to dance with you..." 

"And you took your jealous anger out on me? Again?" 

The Torgan lurched to his feet and paced around the room before coming back to growl furiously, "I could not strike the boy." 

"You know me, Draeseth. You should know I have no interest in your brothers. If he dared to express such a thing to me he would be gently refused and discouraged, and I would avoid him." 

"I cannot allow men to think of you that way. If I cannot stop them, I must keep you from giving them such thoughts." 

"Why? Why can't you let them think what they wish to?" Isonei frowned at him. 

"It would make him seem weak." Lislora volunteered from behind her chair. 

"Insulting me and behaving that way made him look strong? I would think he would show more strength by showing trust. If he must chide someone, he should chide his brother for the foolishness of thinking he could ever have my desire. I did nothing wrong." 

"I am a jealous man, Isonei. You know this." 

"I do, and I'm exhausted by it. You would be a happier man if you let go of that jealousy." 

"It cannot be done." He frowned at her but moved closer. "We cannot all be as free of jealousy as you." 

"Why is that?" Isonei sighed and draped herself over the arm of the chair so that she wasn't facing him directly, curling her feet under as best she could in her stiff boots. 

"It would be too difficult..." Lislora began, but Isonei cut her off with a dismissive wave of her hand. 

"Did all of your strength and skill come without discipline, Draeseth? Desire is a choice and so is trust. Both require discipline to be put in their proper places." 

"It is not so easy." Draeseth returned to the sofa. 

"It isn't easy at all!" Isonei shifted herself so that she was leaning over the arm that faced him. "Choosing to trust isn't easy! That's why it takes strength and discipline." 

He looked at her flatly for a moment and then his eyes began to glitter, "An Aran is schooling me on discipline?" 

"Your brothers have wondered how Arans get anything done with so many lovely women, smelling like desserts, close at hand. We understand discipline in a way you don't. And for an Aran trust is desperately important." A lump began forming in her throat. Sighing, she covered her face, rubbing her eyes as she wondered if she should tell him her plans. Deception was wrong and it would hurt him worse if he listened to her and started to trust. 

Before she came to a decision, he lifted her off of the chair and carried her into the bedroom, laying her on the bed and carefully pulling her boots off. "I will think and pray on your words, my Isonei. I would have you rest and forgive your cruel husband for his foolishness." 

"If I'd been able to find the words sooner perhaps I could have spared myself a few unearned chidings." Isonei made a face at him as he unfastened her overdress. 

His amused grunt was followed by a gentle kiss. "Perhaps. But I did not realize jealousy was so off-putting until Lislora grew jealous of you today." 

Sitting up, she gave him an incredulous look, "How many times have I told you?!" 

Draeseth offered her a slightly sheepish look that was almost childlike. "I did not understand. You had enjoyed my jealousy, and I had enjoyed Lislora's. It made me feel desired." 

"Yes! It did the same for me at first! It was as exotic and exciting as your black hair, but it stops feeling that way and begins to feel like the lack of trust that it is. Lislora will have a more difficult time than you will, she needs more understanding from both of us, but both of you need to let go of your jealousy." 

Tugging her overdress off, he made a quiet amused sound and kissed her again. "I will do what I can." He tossed the dress at the end of the bed and pulled back the covers, tucking her in. "Rest." 

Isonei waited until he left and closed the door to rise and strip down to her chemise. She laid everything more carefully at the foot of the bed and gratefully climbed back between the fresh bed linens. Her eyes were drifting closed when Lislora knocked quietly and came in without waiting for a response. 

"Isonei?" 

"Mm?" 

"I wanted to speak with you before I go to my new rooms." She hesitated and moved to the foot of the bed to touch Isonei's clothes. "He undressed you?" 

"He took off my boots and overdress before he tucked me in. When he stepped out I got out of bed and took off the rest." Tiredly, Isonei studied the woman, "Lie down and we can talk as long as you like." 

"No. I... Krouth said that you value honesty." Lislora looked at her nervously. 

"I do, even when it isn't entirely pleasant." Adjusting herself on her side, Isonei waited. She had a feeling this might not be. 

"You keep saying that-that we are dear friends or like sisters. We are not, Isonei. I like you, somehow it is impossible not to, but I would... I would throw you and your child into the street to have him to myself." 

Sighing, Isonei rubbed her face. "I know. But you and Krouth were the only friends I had in the Kroscur. And you did your best to be kind despite your feelings for Draeseth." Looking up she gave the Torgan a small smile, "You may be a sister who would like me better with distance between us, but I want your happiness." 

Lislora looked tearful and angry for a moment, before sitting on the bed and rubbing her eyes. "You make me feel so ashamed when you say things like that. I wrote a horrible letter and tried to steal your husband." 

Even though it wasn't funny, Isonei couldn't keep from laughing. She buried her face in the pillow for a moment, when she looked up, Lislora was glaring at her. "Lislora, his heart isn't a bun you can steal from the kitchens. He chooses to give it. A person's love or affection cannot be stolen! They may choose to give it to another but any blame always lies on the one who made the choice. I could blame you for pursuing him, or Krouth for pushing the two of you together, but he chose." She waited until Lislora's face had softened, "And I don't blame him. He should have come back to Torga and married you if he were looking for a wife. The two of you are well-suited, you just need to learn how to take care of each other a little better." 

That seemed to strike a chord with the Torgan woman and she reluctantly lay down next to Isonei. "How? I tried to do everything right in bed and he still ran to you in the morning." 

"Don't try to make him choose you over me. He feels guilty about enjoying you, and he doesn't want me to feel set aside. He loves us both." Isonei gave her a wry smile. "Draeseth said he was awake all night afraid he'd done something horribly wrong. He was worried he'd put me out of our bed for a woman who wasn't affectionate." She blinked as Lislora rolled abruptly to face her and grabbed her shoulders in a painful grip. 

"How was I not affectionate? I did everything he asked!" 

"He likes to be held at night. The man is called the Beast of Kroscur but he's a kitten, he needs stroking and cuddling. He needs to be shown in a thousand little ways that you care and want his happiness, even when he's being horrible." Isonei continued as Lislora's grip loosened. "He wants to be kissed out of his sour moods, coddled, and told he's all you could ever want. You don't have to give in to his every whim, he enjoys having to persuade me at times, but he needs to feel loved." 

Hodrim's stern voice came from the partly open door and Lislora turned to look with a flushed face. "The Lerian servant was listening at the door!" 

"He's only part Lerian." Isonei corrected the woman, feeling her lips twist with amusement. "And I'm not surprised. Master Krouth listens to everything, always. I've gotten accustomed to it." 

"He should not be listening at a crack in the door." Lislora scowled and rose to pull it open, scolding the man sharply in Torgan. When she finished, Rimathe stepped into the bedroom looking chastised and bowed to Isonei. 

"I don't fault you for listening at the door. Krouth always seems to be listening so that he can do his duties better. I am, however, not happy with you for choosing to listen to us instead of reading to Hodrim as I had asked you." 

"Yes, your Grace. The boy was concerned for you and wished to listen. He wanted to be able to intervene if his Highness was harsh with you. When his Highness left, I told him to read, and that I would be back. I had not meant to listen so intently. My intent was to be certain she was not being sharp with you." 

Isonei rubbed her temples. "He shouldn't have to worry about Draeseth's temper. I need to reassure him that his Highness would never harm me." 

Rimathe cleared his throat. "Did he not pull you from your bed at the convent and throw you to the ground?" 

"He dropped me. Had he thrown me I would have been injured." Her head began to throb. 

"You don't look well..." 

"My head... find Krouth and let him know. He knows what to do for headaches." 

The green-eyed servant left quickly and a short time later Krouth returned with him to check her head for a fever and look into her eyes. The slim Torgan gave a quiet command to have the drapes pulled before he fetched the honey and the tincture bottle of merciful breath. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei slowly woke to the sound of quiet Torgan voices, blearily turning a frown toward the sound. 

"You look so sullen when you wake." Burgath murmured as he seated himself on the bed and brushed her hair back. "Father wanted me to look in on you and I found two Hallocs discussing your headaches with Master Krouth." 

Trying to speak with a dry mouth was difficult but she managed to inquire, "The Hallocs are here?" 

"No. They came before lunch. It is nearly time to have dinner. I came a second time to see if you had woken and were feeling better." 

Krouth appeared at his elbow holding a cup. "She should try to sit up and drink. I can tend her Grace, Prince Burgath." 

"If you could not, my father would have her under the care of his own healers." Burgath gave him a look of warning. "Let me help you up, Isonei. Are you still feeling unwell?" 

"No, just very tired. The merciful breath makes me unbearably sleepy." She allowed him to help her to her feet and into her robe. 

"The Hallocs insisted on giving you another drop of the merciful breath while you slept, your Grace." Krouth gave her the cup and tilted her face up looking at her with concern. "I told them you should not be given more than an infant would be, but they disagreed." 

She sipped the watery juice slowly. "If they couldn't wake me to ask, they shouldn't have given it to me." 

He smiled faintly, "I said the same, your Grace. Would you like an apple?" 

"No... I'm not hungry, I just want to go back to sleep." 

"Walk with me." Burgath put a hand on the small of her back and tried to gently push her forward, making her stumble. 

Krouth gave Burgath a sharp look as the Torgan Prince steadied her but remained silent. 

"Walking may help her wake." He spoke coolly to the servant and Isonei shook her head with a frown. 

"I want to go back to bed." 

"Father will want to know that you have not fallen ill. You need to be awake for dinner." 

Sullenly, Isonei let him walk her in a slow lap around the larger main room under Krouth's watchful eye. To have the door open and Draeseth enter was a relief. She stepped toward him and raised her arms, plaintively muttering, "He won't let me go back to sleep." 

Burgath made an exasperated sound as Draeseth scooped her up and she hid her face in the crook of his neck. Someone else, however, laughed and said something about Kas in Torgan. 

Draeseth took a seat on the sofa and rubbed her back, "Father insists we eat with him tonight and my brothers wished to make certain you were not locked in your rooms." Her incoherent whining seemed to amuse whoever had come with him and she lifted her head just enough to see Rogath grinning at her. 

"Even Kresh cannot make a face so sullen." 

"The merciful breath makes her very tired. The Hallocs insisted on giving her more than Master Krouth deemed was wise." Burgath seated himself next to Draeseth and peered at her with a frown. "You need to make her stand and walk or you may be cradling her at the dinner table." 

The displeased sound Draeseth made was followed by a low, angry, stream of Torgan words. He and Krouth had a short discussion before he made her sit up properly on his lap. "My jewel, have more to drink and something to eat. It may help you wake. Dinner should be short when my father sees how tired you are." 

"I'm not hungry." Isonei tried to curl against him again and he made an amused sound as he stood and put her on her feet. 

"You will have something to eat and drink. I will let you sleep when we return to our rooms after dinner." 

Giving him the most pitiful look she could summon as she prepared to protest, she didn't expect him to begin laughing with his brothers. Folding her arms she glowered at him. It made them laugh harder. 

Rogath choked out something in Torgan and she looked to Krouth who seemed to be struggling not to laugh. 

"You're all horrible." Isonei tried to go back to the bedroom but Draeseth took hold of her arm and made her start to walk around the room again as he tried to compose himself. 

"Krouth, find my wife a dress for dinner. I will keep her on her feet until Lislora joins us." 

Laughing to himself, Rogath moved to the door, "I will warn father that the Duchess is tired. Come, Burgath, you can speak to our borrowed sister at dinner." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

As they entered the smaller dining room, Rogath was gleefully telling his father about Isonei's face as she was being told she had to stay awake for dinner. "If his sons are as sour on waking as their mother, Draeseth will lose his reputation as the dourest man in Torga." 

Isonei glowered at him and Rogath began to laugh, gesturing at her as he said something in Torgan. Putting her hand on her hip, she huffed at him, "You're as mean as your wife! She pinches!" 

The Torgans, including the Queen, broke into laughter, and even Kresh looked amused. 

"I don't think she's forgiven you for that, wife." Rogath grinned at the Phaethian woman. 

"So I see. Are you certain you wish to have her at your table tonight, your Majesty? She does not behave well when she is woken abruptly." 

"I will guard her fork to keep her out of trouble, your Imperial Highness." Draeseth gently guided Isonei to her seat between himself and Lislora. 

"There are no forks tonight." King Orgath sounded amused and Isonei looked at him curiously. "I had some Lerians assist my cooks in preparing a meal that could be served at a Daga's table. Everything will be eaten with our hands." 

Kresh muttered something in Phaethian and Draeseth pinned Isonei's hand to the table as if she might have understood and taken offense. 

"Everything is in delicate bites, Princess Kresh," Burgath coolly volunteered. "In Leria they bring it out on tiered trays. It looks elegant and when they are not catering solely to an Aran palate, delicious. Your hands will not get dirty." 

"Aran food is delicious." Kresh offered Isonei a look that was almost conciliatory. 

"Both Daga Gildith and my Daga always made certain I ate well." Isonei inclined her head slightly. 
