 Many thanks to Todger65 for editing and Nthusiastic for beta reading and making suggestions! 

***** 

Mes was flushed as she carried in a pitcher of steaming water looking for a place to put it. Isonei tilted her head as the woman set it next to the bed and darted for the door. She returned with another pitcher and Krouth carried the large basin with the cloths and soap inside. He placed it quickly on the other nightstand and left in a rush as Mes nearly poured the water over the things inside. 

"What's wrong?" Isonei frowned moving quickly to empty the basin before it was filled. 

"The King, your Grace, and all four of the other Princes are waiting in the other room. Krouth is trying to see to them all but..." 

"But he needs help. Lay out a dress for me and the things that go with it and I'll wash and dress myself." 

The relief on Mes' face as she carried the empty pitcher to the closet was almost amusing. She almost made a comment that they must be getting along better. One of her pale grey gowns was laid on the bed and most of the undergarments to go with it. Her stockings and small clothes were absent. Before she could protest Mes had darted out of the door. 

Isonei shook her head and began to wash. There was a little more blood this morning so she used one of the cloths to make certain she made no mess as she pulled on her chemise and ventured into the closet herself. She was opening trunks and peering inside as she heard Krouth, "Your Grace?" 

"Here! I'm trying to find stockings..." 

He appeared in the doorway with a scowl. "I told her she should stay with you in case you needed anything. The King sent her to the kitchen to fetch tea for you the moment she stepped out." 

"She was flustered because she thought you needed help. Mes is very sweet-natured and unlike you, easy to ruffle." 

Krouth gestured for her to come out. As he ventured in to find her stockings, she leaned into the closet and spoke quietly, "I think I also need small clothes, no matter what Draeseth would prefer. I seem to be bleeding." 

The slim servant gave her a startled look and then inclined his head. "The midwives sent something for it. They suspected that you might if their advice was not followed. When Mes returns I will have her take you somewhere private to discuss their instructions thoroughly." He offered her a more Aran undergarment with ties to hold in place the thick cloth pads he pushed toward her. Her stockings he laid on her gown as he busied himself with the basin of dirty water. 

She put on the padded undergarment with relief and tried to conceal the bloodied cloth in her hand as she approached Krouth. "I need to wash my hands again, and I don't know what to do with this." 

He took the dirty damp cloth and opened it holding it out. "I will take it." His face was carefully schooled as she gave him the bloody rag and washed her hands. 

"Thank you, Krouth." 

Isonei finished dressing as he gathered things and departed. Mes rushed back in looking chagrined as she was brushing her hair. The maid quickly put it up for her in crossed braids and held open the door for her. 

The sight of the small table cluttered with mostly empty breakfast platters made her laugh. "I'm very sorry I took so long to get ready." 

King Orgath smiled warmly gesturing at the table, "Have your breakfast, little Duchess. We would not expect you to come out in your robe as you did for Kresh." 

She gave him an amused look, "Kresh was very understanding of my tiredness. And since someone borrowed my intended dining companion..." 

He and Draeseth's brothers laughed but Draeseth looked sour. "You knew I did not want you to speak with her." 

"She was very insistent. And my father says if you can't say no, say yes with a caveat." 

The King grinned wolfishly, "I would enjoy meeting him, he seems a reasonable man." 

On the plate Mes gave her, Isonei put what she hoped was a very hard egg and the last sweet batter cake. The sight and smell of the leftover chicken livers and other unidentifiable meats made her feel queasy. She glanced around for a place to sit. With so many guests the available seats were taken and she made her way to Draeseth to perch on his lap. 

The large Torgan made a pleased sound in his throat and adjusted her, wordlessly offering to hold her plate. 

"That is barely enough to keep a bird alive, little Duchess. Have something more." The King frowned at her plate. 

"Nothing else looks appetizing to me, your Majesty." 

"Bring my wife one of her apples." Draeseth's tone was not to be argued with and she tilted her head with a half smile. 

"Not even the manirel?" Burgath looked at her curiously. 

"Torgan or Aran? I wasn't fond of the Torgan version. It's too mild and oddly bitter." The memory of the taste didn't help her stomach. 

"You have the same palette as Kresh." Rogath snorted. "She encourages my daughters to be picky eaters." 

"I was never a very picky eater until I came to Torga. As a child, my father complained that if he had food I was trying to steal it from him. Anything he was eating I wanted a bite of, even raw oysters. He dislikes capers, and so do I, he-" She paused as the King and Rogath began to laugh. "What's so amusing?" 

"Kas is that way. I only have to look at a food and she reaches for it. But if I decline it she turns up her nose." 

"I would love to meet your daughters. I adore children." 

"Ror is more aloof like her mother." Rogath smiled wryly. "She does not warm to strangers." 

"Kresh was very warm. She said my arrival was like a summer rain, welcome and refreshing." Isonei took a tentative bite of her sweet batter cake as the Torgans looked at her in bafflement. "Dinner with her was a pleasure." 

"There was no unpleasantness at all?" Adareth leaned forward with a confused frown. 

"We had a," Isonei paused choosing her words carefully, "difference of opinion about how servants should be treated. But my sharpness didn't spoil the meal." 

"I wish I had seen that," Burgath smirked. "Your tongue can be surprisingly sharp, Duchess. 

"They had to wake me for dinner, I don't wake well." 

"It sounded like you woke very well," Ougath muttered leaning back in his comfortable chair. 

"Your brother gave me a wonderful massage before-" 

Draeseth cut her off with a loud annoyed sound. "They do not need to know." 

His father and brothers began to laugh again as she shrugged and forced herself to finish her cake. 

She was carefully cracking the shell of the greenish-brown speckled egg when Krouth brought a small plate of sliced apple. "Thank you Krouth." As she freed the egg from its shell he took the plate and left the one with the apple in its place. "I forgot to get a knife for my egg, could you...?" 

The slim servant was already handing her one. "Of course, your Grace." 

"You're always so quick!" Isonei smiled at him. "Thank you." 

"Not always." King Orgath reminded her coolly. "How do you find Mes?" 

"I adore her. She's wonderfully sweet and she reminds me of home. Arans and the Sons of Mun aren't so terribly different." 

He nodded with a pleased smile as if that were what he expected. 

Isonei sliced her egg in half, glad to see the yolk was hard enough to be a faintly discolored pink. It didn't smell appetizing but she knew it should help with her queasiness. She tried to offer a bite to Draeseth but he shook his head eyeing the egg with distaste. 

"You like them so hard, Duchess?" Adareth sounded surprised. 

"My brothers always asked for them this way when they'd had too much to drink. Ivorith said the dryness is good for the stomach. They aren't bad. I've had breakfast with my brothers often enough to like them." 

"Sweet batter cakes and very hard eggs." Rogath nodded with a half smile, "That does sound more pleasant than the food mother always insisted on giving us when we had too much. Pickle juice and scrambled eggs mixed with porridge." His smile widened as she pressed the back of her hand to mouth and put the egg down on the plate. 

Draeseth growled something at him as she shuddered. "Eat. Try your apple." 

She shook her head slowly and tried to get off of his lap, feeling as if she were moments away from being sick. He kept her in place and insistently pushed the plate at her. "Eat." 

"Her Grace is going to be ill." Krouth hurried forward with a cloth napkin in hand as her stomach tried to revolt. He managed to catch most of it and hurried her into the washing room ordering Mes to bring water. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

"I'm fine, really Mes." Isonei gave the hovering woman a wan smile as she sipped her warm tea. 

"Krouth says you're bleeding more than you should be and the only thing you've kept down since breakfast has been tea, your Grace." 

The sliced apple that had been offered between meals and the very bland lunch of buttered bread and apple mash she'd just attempted to eat had both sent her back to the washing room. 

"It's very nearly stopped now and the midwives said fresh air would be good for me, didn't they? Her Majesty asked me to join her retinue outside. I'll be fine. Did you ask Krouth to send my letters?" The Torgan servant had been very sour when she'd insisted on finishing them instead of lying down and resting. 

"I did, your Grace." Mes followed her to the door of the room where Krouth waited with her cloak and a sternly disapproving frown. 

"Her Majesty would understand if you were too ill, your Grace." 

"I'm not sure she would, Krouth. But I'm fine. The fresh air will do me good." She smiled at him and he schooled his face, bundling into her cloak as if she were a child. 

"The weather is cool today. Your gloves are tied in the pouch." 

"Thank you, Krouth. I'll try to play nicely with the other children." Isonei widened her eyes at him as he held his stern expression. 

"Escort her Grace down to the garden, Mes." 

The maid suppressed her laughter and nodded, "Yes, Master Krouth." 

They had barely stepped out of the door when a young woman in a fine, brown and bronze, open-throated gown intercepted them. "Her Majesty does not want to have to look at one of her husband's whores. I was sent to bring the Duchess to her." 

Isonei narrowed her eyes at the woman but Mes curtsied, "I will leave you with Countess Giserona, your Grace." 

"Ask Krouth the best way to continue doing your duties, Mes. He's very clever when it comes to staying out of sight and I'm almost certain he intended you to stay close to me." 

Mes bowed her head, "Yes, your Grace." 

The Countess opened her mouth and Isonei gave her a sharp smile and stepped forward taking her arm, "I'm not fond of cruelty. There were many kinder ways to explain that her Majesty does not wish to have my maid in her sight. Kindness costs nothing and makes your life and the lives of those around you easier. Try to bear that in mind in the future, Countess." 

"Of-of course, Duchess." 

After a moment's silence as they walked through the halls, Isonei tried to start a more pleasant conversation. "Does her Majesty often enjoy the gardens this time of year?" 

"No. The Princes will be sparring in preparation for the bouts and she enjoys watching. The Queen's private garden overlooks the practice ground." 

"That should be interesting to watch. I haven't seen Draeseth spar with anyone before." Seeing him fight in Ara had been terrifying, this should be more entertaining and she was surprised to find herself looking forward to it. 

The woman hesitated, "Is dancing really as common in Ara as they say?" 

"How common do they say it is?" Isonei gave her a bright smile. 

"Every celebration has dancing." Giserona glanced around and dropped her voice, "Lewd dancing." 

"Lewd?" Isonei let her lips twist wryly speaking in the same conspiratorial tones. "It isn't a celebration without dancing but I wouldn't call the Jara lewd. It's graceful and I promise we keep our clothes on for it." 

The Countess snorted a laugh. "But you dance with men?" 

"When they want to dance. Dancing well is a point of pride for Aran men, if they can't, they find they have fewer women who find them interesting. Men who don't dance well often pretend they're above it. It's too frivolous for them. Some women find a certain amount of quiet reserve terribly appealing." 

Giserona laughed again. "Is that why you pursued Prince Draeseth?" 

"I didn't pursue him!" Isonei kept her tone light, "His sternness can be very charming, though. He's protective, affectionate, and the man is undeniably beautiful." She glanced at the Countess and saw her blushing. "Draeseth is the first Torgan I'd ever met. I'd never seen a man so large or with such dark hair and skin." 

"Prince Andnaeuth had made a jest about being dark for an Aran." She glanced at Isonei as they stepped outside, "And he seemed so slight, when he said he was well built for an Aran we laughed." 

"He is well built. Arans and Lerians tend to be slender compared to Torgans. Andnaeuth is rather muscular for an Aran and he is darker than most, for some reason the men of the royal family are usually a little darker than the rest of us." 

The Countess looked speculative. "Did they marry into the Phaethian line as well?" 

"If there had ever been a marriage in the royal House it would still be talked about." Isonei paused. "There was once a match; when Ara and Leria made peace a very, very long time ago a Daga's daughter was given over." She'd never heard the Daga named, but somehow she thought it must have been Liadith. 

"Lerians would be darker than you are." Giserona nodded. 

"Have you met many of them?" 

"A few, some marry across our border. They have such strange eyes." 

"I love the bright green of Lerian eyes. You can see what they feel so clearly." 

They rounded a high hedge and heard the chatter of Queen Deventha's retinue. It continued as they approached and several smirks were thrown her way. 

"You truly do not speak Torgan?" The Queen eyed her derisively. "I would have made it a point to learn by now." 

"Draeseth hasn't allowed it. I think he enjoys being one of the few people I can speak to. I've tried to pick up a few words but it's difficult when you can't practice and so many of the words sound alike to me." She offered the Queen a wry smile. 

Queen Deventha made a gesture to a place next to her and Isonei moved to sit there. "I was told his jealousy is immense. You will be taught here at Court. I will take it as a personal insult if you refuse." 

"I wouldn't refuse such a generous offer, your Majesty. I want to learn the language here. And I appreciate your insistence; it will make Draeseth's disapproval easier to deflect." Isonei let a little bit of impishness creep into her smile and she thought she saw a flicker of amusement cross Queen Deventha's face. 

"I thought you had no fear of his anger?" 

"I don't! But his disapproval can be taxing." 

At the Queen's gesture glasses of wine were brought. Isonei took one just to hold as Queen Deventha began to converse with the Countess who had walked with her in Torgan. When they had finished she glanced at Isonei's glass. 

"Is the wine not to your taste?" 

"The only thing I've kept down today has been tea, I'm afraid to try it." Isonei offered a rueful smile, "I don't know where the nearest washing room is." 

"I was that way with Adareth." Queen Deventha smiled faintly. "They say the troublemakers make their mothers ill." 

"That can't be true. Prince Adareth was very sweet when I met him. He's almost shy compared to Prince Burgath. I can't imagine him being any trouble" 

The other women tittered and the Queen sipped her wine with a smile. "He is a sweet boy but he takes after his father more than the others." She gestured for Isonei's wine to be taken away. "It looks like they wish to begin." 

All of the women directed their attention down to the sandy circle on the terrace below. Six men came to stand evenly spaced around it holding peculiar hooked wooden swords and small shields. Draeseth was easy to spot, he was the largest and in black, unembellished armor. The other Princes were more colorful with red, green, brown, as well as white, all with gold embellishments, but the sixth must have been an instructor; Isonei peered at him curiously. His armor was plainer. The sparring began with one of the Princes in red and the one in brown and green. 

"Ougath and Burgath." The Queen murmured. 

The ferocity with which they attacked each other made Isonei flinch. The sound of the hooked wooden swords striking each other and their armor could be heard from where they sat. The bout finished with surprising speed when Burgath forced his brother's shield to drop and struck his helmet so hard Ougath dropped to one knee holding onto it. 

"Burgath has been practicing." His mother sounded delighted and Isonei gave her a baffled look. 

"You're not worried about Ougath? He might have gotten hurt." 

The women tittered again and Queen Deventha gave her a look of bemusement. "Do they not have bouts in Ara?" 

"If they do I've never been to one, your Majesty." She refrained from mentioning that she had watched Andnaeuth practice once, at his insistence. But it had not seemed as if he were trying to kill his sparring partner. 

The Queen gestured for silence pointing back toward the ring. "Adareth and Lord Morbaugh's youngest." 

The two moved carefully, and Adareth, in green and white, began the attack. Lord Morbaugh's youngest took a blow to his leg but landed a succession of blows on Adareth that put him on the ground. 

Queen Deventha sighed with annoyance. "Adareth should have done better. He never takes his practices seriously." 

Isonei refrained from commenting that the boy was limping, or that perhaps he didn't enjoy fighting, as the two largest men were squaring off. The one in red and white was certainly Rogath. Both men moved with astonishing speed and grace in their armor as they circled, and the way they wielded their practice weapons it looked as if they were genuinely trying to kill each other. Neither flinched when the other landed a blow and the bout wasn't ended until Draeseth broke Rogath's wooden shield with a particularly vicious blow. 

"The two of them fight with practice weapons they bought in Phaethia. They are reputed to be nearly as strong as steel." The Queen spoke quietly as the two largest Princes clasped arms and Draeseth gave Rogath his shield. The pair then turned to face their brothers and Adareth's sparring partner. 

The fight that ensued, four against two, was short and brutal. The two largest Princes fought as a team and even Burgath and Ougath, who tried to work together, were hopelessly outmatched. It brought to mind the fight in Ara. With their four opponents either kneeling or laid out on the ground they clasped arms again. Rogath gestured toward where the Ladies were sitting and both began to walk that way. 

"The bouts are more impressive. You should see them with their steel shields and weapons." The Queen rose as Draeseth swung himself over the edge of the terrace and reached down for Rogath. Her Torgan greeting sounded warm. 

The pair of Torgan Princes stopped at the edge of their gathering, this close they looked even more imposing, and Isonei could see the monstrous looking engravings on the faceplates of their helmets. Rogath spoke to his mother in Torgan as Draeseth offered his arm as if she were meant to walk with him. 

She rose from her seat and made her way through the seated women with a wry smile. 

"You look nervous, my Duchess." 

"You look intimidating! Do people other than your brothers actually fight you in this or do they just run away?" 

He laughed in his throat and touched her face with his gauntleted hand. "Few Torgans would run. Did you enjoy the sparring?" 
