 As always, my thanks to Todger65 for help in editing and Nthusiastic for beta reading and asking good questions! 

***** 

When they arrived at her rooms Isonei gave Krouth a pleading look and he deftly managed to send Kresh away allowing her to retreat into the bedroom alone. As she was undressing and wishing she could bathe he knocked on the door and informed her a hot bath was being drawn. 

"I could kiss you, Master Krouth." 

"You looked as though you wished to scrub yourself, your Grace." He inclined his head. 

"Did I hide it so poorly?" 

"I doubt her Imperial Highness grasped that you felt unclean. That you were uncomfortable was noticeable to everyone." 

"It was prudent to apologize and make a truce with her. Now she wants to hold my hand and insists I have to remain at Court." 

"Your Grace is very warm; I assume your apology was genuine?" He gave her a pointed look. 

"It was. I apologized for losing my temper and throwing the fork and I promised her a thank you note for the lovely meal." She gave him a sullen look, "I didn't apologize for my words." 

"Did you volunteer it?" 

"No, she demanded it at the gathering." 

He frowned. "That you offered any apology would have been more than expected, to do it on demand in front of the Ladies of the Court, genuinely and warmly... You intended a truce, she understood you to be surrendering." 

Isonei covered her face and then rubbed her temples. 

"If she does not think you still harbor any ill will it will make your life easier. Your illness will make keeping you apart prudent, and you will have Lady Lislora to keep you company." 

"I didn't think I could be grateful to be so ill." She made a face and saw him smile faintly. 

"A hot bath and a small child's dose of merciful breath may help you feel better. I do not wish to give you veorola again." 

"Thank you, I don't want to take it again. Perhaps you could let me sleep until I wake after giving me the medicine?" 

"Of course, your Grace. The Munian cook is pickling apples for you, a jar with onions and a jar without, I will have them waiting when you wake." 

She perked up, "Pickled apples and onions... with honey, that sounds delicious." 

"They would be better if you waited until tomorrow." He looked amused as he laid out her nightdress and robe. "But he said they should be acceptable in a few hours." 

In her chemise, she let him help her into her robe. "I hope I can keep them down." 

"I asked his Highness to bring you more Mezi; you seemed to be able to drink it." 

"Yes. That would be nice. And I hope Lislora will be able to tell me how Hodrim is doing. He's such a sweet boy, Krouth." The way her voice broke and the tears welled up surprised her but Krouth seemed prepared for it patting her on the shoulder soothingly and ushering her into the washing room. 

Once in the hot water, she felt better, taking her time scrubbing herself and soaking in the water until it felt too cool to enjoy. Rising, she dried herself and slipped into her nightdress and robe before going back to her bedroom. Krouth followed her after a moment with a book, a jar and two spoons, and a small bottle. 

"I have a gift for you, your Grace. There was an Aran translation of the Book of Truths I was able to find. It was intended as a gift for Prince Andnaeuth when he visited but he had no interest. The Kamrus was pleased to hear that you desired one and sent it." 

"It's a gift from the Kamrus? For me?" Isonei blinked in surprise. 

"It is, your Grace." He looked pleased. 

"I will be sure to send him a thank you note." She took the book with a smile and admired the fine leather binding and gold Aran script on the cover. "I enjoyed the sound of it when Lislora read it to me in Torgan, even though I didn't understand it." 

"He will be very pleased to hear you received it so warmly, your Grace." Krouth offered her a spoon with only a few drops of the medicine on it. As she took it he put the other in the jar and brought out a heaping spoonful of honey. 

The taste was bitter enough to make her gag but the honey was soothing. Settling into bed she began to read. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei whined as she was moved and something was pulled out from under her, opening her eyes unhappily. 

"Go back to sleep, my Isonei. Krouth said you had fallen asleep while reading and he would not risk waking you to take the book." Draeseth stroked her hair. 

"You're back." Taking his hand she kissed his fingers sleepily. "I'm glad." 

He laughed softly, "I thought you were sour with me. Burgath greeted me with a blow to the chest." 

"I can be both, my flower wine." Isonei rubbed her face against his fingers trying not to let her eyes fall closed. 

The amused sound he made was nearly drowned out by Krouth whispering something sharply. 

"Go back to sleep. I will see you when you wake." Draeseth bent and kissed her head. 

The quiet sound of someone moving around her room roused her sometime later. Yawning and cracking her eyes open she was greeted by the sight of Mes and her dimpled smile. 

"Master Krouth wanted me to lay out your dress for dinner. He said to be quiet and let you wake on your own." 

"The medicine he gave me makes me very sleepy." Isonei yawned again and rubbed her eyes sitting up in the bed. "But it doesn't seem to have the same peculiar effect as the veorola. I would rather be sleepy than," she made a face and quoted Kresh, "'pliable.'" 

"He said it was disturbing to watch and that he was very concerned." The Munian woman glanced to the door and then came to settle onto the bed with her whispering conspiratorially, "Did you really throw a fork at her?" 

"I did!" Isonei tried not to laugh at the woman's look of glee. "I had to apologize for it and I still owe her a thank you note for the dinner she brought me..." she giggled as Mes waved her hands dismissively. 

"That isn't the part I want to hear about! Did you hit her with it?!" Mes leaned forward excitedly. 

"I hit her in the face-" she laughed as Mes wiggled and squealed in delight. 

The door opened and Draeseth peered in curiously, frowning as he saw Mes sitting on the bed. "You allow her too much, wife." 

"Forgive me, your Highness." Mes hurriedly stood and looked to the floor. 

"How can we gossip properly if she can't sit on the bed?" Isonei mock-pouted at him and saw Mes trying not to smile. 

"Use a sofa." His eyes glittered as he gestured for her to rise. "My brothers have been regaling me with tales of your misbehavior. You fought Kresh in a mock bout and won?" 

"I did! She couldn't poke me with the knife and she got very upset. When she put herself off balance I moved behind her and poked her in the shoulder with my fork. She didn't like that at all." Isonei rose and wrapped her arms around his waist as he grinned down at her. "I think she liked it much less when I lost my temper the next night and threw the fork at her." 

"Burgath told that story. The veorola made you very pliable but when you began to come back to yourself it was without your usual pleasantness. He said you were almost as intimidating as I am." He brushed her hair away from her face and caressed her cheeks. "Father was sorely tempted to encourage another bout. He wants to see the fierce little Duchess and her fork for himself." 

Isonei grinned up at him. "He can challenge me to a bout but only if I'm not punished for winning." 

He barked a laugh. "Burgath also said you were being mischievous and needed to be put over my knees." 

"He's my favorite of your brothers, he reminds me so much of mine." She rose on her toes and he stooped to let her steal a gentle kiss. 

"Dress for dinner. I have gifts for you and we may have time for them if you can be quick." 

"Gifts?" Isonei gave him a baffled smile. 

"Dress." Draeseth smiled down at her, but it faded when he glanced at the Aran gown laid out at the foot of the bed. "Your Aran cloak was sent from Leria. It is hanging with your warmer cloak." 

"Your father mentioned that." 

"He wants you to be dressed in all Aran clothing." His face settled into a scowl. "But my mother's carcanet should be worn on such formal occasions." 

"My father sent a little of my jewelry with me when I left, if you didn't sell it..." She gave him a pointed look. 

"I did not sell your jewelry, wife." Draeseth's lips twitched. 

"Then perhaps you should obey your father and let me wear my Aran jewelry." Isonei gave him an impish smile as he narrowed his eyes. "Oh! Did Lislora bring any of hers? She could borrow some of what you gave me in Leria." 

"That would be kind. She gave her jewelry to the convent to pay for things for the children." 

She turned to Mes, "Would you take my Torgan jewelry to Lady Lislora and let her choose what she would like to wear? And if my Aran jewelry isn't with it could you ask Master Krouth where it is?" 

"Of course, your Grace." Mes hurried back into the closet. 

"You wore no jewelry the night you were given over to me." Draeseth moved to the bed and ran his hand over the pale rose and grey gown with silver embroidery. 

"It wasn't a celebration. Not..." Isonei took a breath and came to stand next to him and lean against his side. "Not as far as my family was concerned." 

He gave a growling grunt. "I have been considering my actions more with the eyes of a father. If our places had been reversed, I would have locked my daughter in my Keep and taken my sons to beat the man who wished to take her until he agreed to leave her at home where she belonged." 

"If he had been given that choice by our King and the courts he would have tried." 

"I am fortunate. They would be required to storm my Keep to compel me." Draeseth gave her a smug smile. 

Mes bustled out of the closet with her hands full of familiar boxes. Laying them on the vanity she went back in for more. Isonei moved to open them. Two silver rings, one with a vaguely pinkish red stone, rubuttite, that she had been given when she came of age, and one with small panels of fiery white opal and a clear gem in the middle that she had never seen before. The silver had been delicately engraved to look like rippling water. 

"That is a lovely ring." Draeseth lifted it from the box as she stared. 

Lifting the clever bottom of the box she found the note. "It's a gift from my father. It belonged to his Aunt Illion. He says it may be too small but he wanted me to have it to remember that I am of House Ernelis even when he's angry with me." She took the ring back from him and tried it on. It would have been a little too small before but it fit now almost perfectly. "He must have sent it with me." 

"Do you wish to wear both?" He pulled the ring and bottom out of the other box peering at the note with a frown. 

"I may not be able to, it was a gift-" 

"When you came of age. That is what the note says." His face softened, "Your first piece of jewelry." 

"Yes. Your Aran has improved!" Isonei beamed at him and gently took them back. Trying the ring on, it was too large as she expected and she reluctantly put it back in the box. 

Draeseth opened the others, a necklace, and bracelet with both clear white and pale rose-colored scapurite gems set in silver. "You do not wear gold?" 

"In Ara, only the royal family may wear gold thread, and gold jewelry may annoy the King. The most favored Houses wear gold, as does House Neriris. My father-" 

"You wore gold in Leria." 

"Leria is not Ara. Gold is preferred. I don't own anything gold, but I wear it in Leria when it's lent to me." 

"And in Torga." He moved to the closet and peered in barking a laugh and stepping in to help Mes with the larger boxes of Torgan jewelry. They were carried out and Isonei stood with a bemused smile. She had forgotten for a moment the blackened metal of the jewelry he'd given her was gold, and he'd just implied the jewelry was lent to her. That he was taking back a gift probably didn't even occur to him. 

Feeling lighter than she had in some time, she stepped toward the bed and took off her nightdress before slipping into her short chemise. A Torgan gown could be put on without assistance, but an Aran gown needed someone to fasten it in the back. Isonei dressed as much as she could and sat in front of her mirror readying her silver pins and beginning work on her hair. 

"Your Grace..." Mes laughed as she came back in. "Let me put your hair up. What are you doing?" 

"Aran twists. I've never been very good at doing my own hair but I don't think it's laughably bad." She gave the Munian woman an amused look. 

"In Mun..." Mes unpinned her hair and brushed it again before starting over, "We do it very similarly." 

Isonei beamed into the mirror as her hair was twisted and pinned into place until it looked as though her head was a mass of coiled flowers on a rippling sea of silver. She let Mes help with her necklace, bracelet, and the fasteners on the back of the dress before she left the bedroom with a last pleased look in the mirror at Isonei of House Ernelis. 

In the main room, Lady Lislora was sitting next to someone she couldn't see on the sofa, and as Isonei approached with a smile they both stood. "Hodrim?!" She bolted toward them and embraced the boy, kissing his head and beaming at Lislora. "You brought him with you! I've missed him!" 

"You asked me to look after him and I have grown attached. He is a very intelligent and sweet child." 

"I saw that immediately. He's wonderful." Isonei smoothed the blushing boy's hair and smiled at him warmly. "Have you eaten? Do you need anything, my dear Hodrim?" 

"Ahhh... No?" His brow furrowed. 

"He's learning Aran!" Isonei kissed his head again. "Krouth, please make sure he gets a very solid dinner, my brothers always ate as if they had holes in their bellies." 

Krouth approached speaking quietly in Torgan and Hodrim answered him sounding a little embarrassed. 

"He has eaten already, your Grace. You speak very quickly and he has been learning with Lady Lislora. She is slower and clearer in her lessons." 

Nodding with a chagrined smile, Isonei smoothed his hair again. "I will try to speak clearly and any time you're hungry or need anything at all, ask Master Krouth or Mes." She looked back at Krouth, "'I want him to be treated as if he's already been adopted, Krouth. Anything he requires he should have." 

"Of course, your Grace." He looked faintly amused. 

Turning her smile on Lislora she stepped away from Hodrim to embrace the bemused looking woman. "Welcome! Thank you for bringing Hodrim with you. How was your journey? Have you had time to rest and get settled in?" 

"The journey was tiring but I bathed and rested. Krouth was able to find a dress for me," she gestured to the dark green and black open-throated gown she was wearing. The necklace Isonei had not yet worn was around her neck. 

"You look lovely. I haven't worn that one yet and I think it looks better on you than on me, you can keep it if you'd like. I can't share dresses with you but I can share jewelry." Isonei's smile faltered as Lislora looked close to tears. "What's wrong?" 

"You-you are being too kind." Lislora rubbed at her eyes and took a breath trying to compose herself. 

"Dearest Lislora, there is no such thing as too kind. We're in a difficult situation and I need you to know that I love you like a sister. I want to make everything as painless as possible." 

"I will..." she took a juddering breath, "I will be grateful to have you raise my child as your own. His Majesty made it clear that you are to marry Draeseth and you will take my child and raise him lovingly." 

"No, oh no, Lislora. I don't intend to take your child from you any more than I intend to marry Draeseth." She took Lislora's hand as the Torgan woman looked at her in bafflement. "Draeseth will amend the Arrangement. You and I are equals and you will raise your child as a Duchess." 

"Isonei?" Draeseth had come from the study dressed in an elegant looking black tunic with pale grey embroidery at the shoulders and hem. 

"You've been making all of the decisions and now it's my turn to make one, Draeseth. You will amend the Arrangement to include Lislora. There will be two beautiful Duchesses in the Kroscur." 

Draeseth's face set in a scowl, "My father-" 

"Will be asked to recognize the Arrangement as a marriage. I will not marry you, Draeseth. If it's important to you to have your children be legitimate in the eyes of your laws, you will amend the Arrangement and stand with me when I ask your father to recognize it as the equivalent of a marriage." She tilted her chin up in defiance of his relentless scowl, readying herself for a fight. "An Arrangement is permanent unless we choose to dissolve it, and it can be tailored to suit our needs. A Torgan marriage doesn't seem to suit anyone that I've yet seen." 

Lislora stepped forward, her face set grimly. "I want to raise my own child. I will agree to an Arrangement, even though it is not what I wanted, if it will allow me to do so." 

His face softened slowly as he studied them. "Mul dits tsvangeltuhe vor ourst aitstexst. If it pleases my Duchesses." 

Isonei exhaled a breath she hadn't realized she was holding and blinked in surprise. She hadn't expected him to give in so easily, she'd expected the quarrel to last for days. Carefully, she pressed her luck, "Good. You look incredibly handsome, my flower wine, but... do you have a green belt that would match Lislora's dress?" 

He made an amused sound in his throat. "You have no jealousy at all." 

"None." She gave him an impish smile. 

"I have one." He looked to Krouth who moved quickly into the bedroom with a studiously neutral expression on his face. "You have seen Hodrim." Draeseth sat heavily in a chair. "Would you like your other gift? It was made for you in the Kroscur by the glassmith before he came here to be close to Mes." His eyes began to glitter as she tried to put on a surprised expression. "You should never try to lie, wife, your face betrays you. I know you gossip with the woman and she told you of him." 

"She did, and do you know the effort it's taken not to poke you and tell you I could have had much better food if you'd just let him cook for me when he offered?" Isonei fluttered her lashes and laughed as he gestured brusquely for her to come to his chair. "You'll rumple my dress if you put me over your knees!" She came closer as he tried to hold his stern expression. 

"You look exquisite." He took her hand and kissed the backs of her fingers. "Your hands are already cold." 

"This a warm dress for Ara, but in Torga it might be too light for a summer's day." 

"Mes-" He nodded approvingly as the Munian woman already had the cloak in hand, bringing it to them. "Bring the gift as well." 

Isonei fastened the warm cloak with a smile after it was placed on her shoulders. The soft white fur and golden brown sueded leather felt comforting, like an embrace. It was easy to remember the last time she'd worn it to dinner. She turned her attention to Mes who had gingerly brought a box to the table and was carefully lifting out something in a cloth. It was placed on the table with extraordinary care and unwrapped. Inside was what looked like a wreath of lavendela rendered in glass with two delicate glass bees perched on the long clusters of blossoms. 

Her breath caught as she sank to her knees next to the table to look at it closely. Xagorath had managed to render the delicate tiny blossoms and the little crowning petals in translucent purple glass. 

"You will rumple your dress." Draeseth murmured as he pulled her back up onto her feet. "Keep this out on the table so Duchess Isonei can look at it whenever she wishes and tell Xago she was moved to tears." He wiped Isonei's wet cheeks with his thumbs as she took a quavering breath. 
