 Many thanks to Nthusiastic for all of her help with editing, beta reading, and making good suggestions! 

***** 

Sitting across from Draeseth and Lislora, Isonei tried to lighten the subject. "I'll need to find you both a wedding present. The usual gift my family gives in Leria is a pair of golden cups inscribed with blessings, that doesn't seem appropriate here in Torga." She offered a wry smile. 

"No." Draeseth sat comfortably in a chair next to Lislora. "You have given your jewelry back, that seems enough." 

"That wasn't a wedding gift!" Isonei glanced at Lislora, "I could give you a book of drawings and suggestions like I gave Arissa." 

"No!" The Torgan woman straightened, "Thank you, but no. Enabling our marriage is enough." 

"The two of you would have married eventually." She leaned back in the chair with a sigh, eyeing the pair of Torgans. "A more traditional gift among family would include pearls for fertility but... the necklace my father sent might be a good choice. The white scapurite gems are meant to symbolize a pure heart and the pink are for beauty." 

Draeseth made an amused sound. "There were men wearing pink stones in Ara." 

"Men can be beautiful! You should be well aware of that. I was going to give you the bracelets to have a belt buckle made." She gave him an impish look as he flushed slightly and barked a laugh. 

"It would not be offensive to have them made into something more... Torgan?" Lislora looked hesitant to ask. 

"I would not be offended." Isonei gave her a reassuring smile. 

A sharp knock at the door startled them and Krouth answered it grimly. "Prince Burgath, are you looking for your brother?" 

"No, is Isonei here?" 

"Come in." Draeseth spoke sourly, "I am enjoying the company of both of my Duchesses." 

Burgath entered with a glance to his brother before moving to pull a chair close to Isonei. "You should while you can. Kamrus Olauth is demanding father have Isonei sent to Gogmenos. Her brother has already been sent back to Ara. He will not be able to protest." 

Isonei took a breath and closed her eyes for a moment. When Burgath gently took her hand she opened them, giving him a wan smile and changing the subject before he could speak more on the matter. "You never told me how your trip to Leria went. I would love to hear about it." 

He looked at her speculatively and then glanced to Draeseth who gave him a firm nod. "I did attempt to get the Daga's name from the daughter of Gildith. Arranging a private meeting with her was difficult. I had expected Maraphina to arrive, but to my surprise, Varenia had used her sister's name and the messenger knew no better. She assured me, the only name you could possibly know would be your own Daga's, and the girl tried to deceive Arissa into sharing Daga Liadith's name. She was given a false one. We were both caught the moment I spoke it." Burgath released her hand and sat back with a frown. 

"I remembered your advice, to be completely honest with the Dagas to salvage any hope of repairing relations. I told them you had been pressed and poisoned," he looked almost haunted as he stared into the middle distance, "that it was possible you would die without ever having given up the name. I thought Lothlaerith might murder me. He was trembling with rage and his eyes actually glowed with green fire. He truly looked like a demon. 

"Varenia was brought before the gathered Dagas, Liadith, Gildith, Caeridith, and Lothlaerith. She tried to deny she had given me a name but they knew of the name Arissa had given her. They took her into another room for her judgment. When they opened the doors again, the girl was gone, only the Dagas came out. Their faces were so grim I knew not to ask what had happened to her." 

"They are demons, Isonei." Draeseth glanced at the book that she'd placed next to her hip in the chair. "The book should be destroyed." 

"They aren't demons, Draeseth. And I won't allow it." 

"They murdered a girl for speaking a name." Burgath gave her a grim look and shook his head. "I believe they would have killed me if you had given a name and I had spoken it." 

"I tried to explain to you that it isn't a small thing. Speaking a Dagas name that way would be like holding a knife to your father's throat. You can expect to die for that." 

Burgath muttered something in Torgan and looked to Draeseth pointedly. Draeseth shook his head and frowned. "If you cannot convince her to make a second Arrangement I worry that father will no longer honor the old one." 

"I trust Burgath, Draeseth. He should be allowed to know." 

The Prince next to her raised his eyebrows. 

Draeseth grunted before speaking, "I have released her. The Arrangement has been dissolved. I am still responsible for her care as I promised King Tamnaeuth. I will not willingly return her to demons or those who will allow her to consort with them, but neither will I allow her to come to harm or to be-" 

Snapping furiously, Burgath interrupted, "If you no longer care for her, Rogath or Adareth will-" 

Isonei stopped him with a stern look and a hand on his arm. "Burgath, there is no lack of affection between Draeseth and I. We care for each other deeply. He released me because I needed him to, it hurt him to do it. Even if it weren't wrong to bed two men from the same House, it would feel incestuous to me. I love you all like brothers." 

Lislora rubbed Draeseth's arm soothingly as he clenched and unclenched his jaw. 

Glancing at Draeseth again, Burgath placed a hand over hers on his arm. "You wish to go back to Andnaeuth?" 

"No. I want to go back to my family. I wanted Andnaeuth to come and take me home. I was so certain that if Draeseth and Lislora could have a few months alone together he would ask to dissolve the Arrangement." Isonei gave Burgath an apologetic look. "I would have helped you with whatever trade agreements I could to ease your disappointment at not having a familial attachment to the Aran Royal House. I want the best for my brothers." 

His eyes glittered and his lips twitched as he lifted her hand to kiss the back of it. "I have no doubt. You are a very loyal woman and being a borrowed brother is to my benefit." Burgath lowered her hand and pressed it back to his arm before looking to Draeseth, "What do you need, brother?" 

"I need to keep her from the worst of father's displeasure. I wish to send her back to the Kroscur. Kamrus Olauth can be harsh. If she were Torgan, I would be less concerned but she is too delicate to endure what he may suggest. I will ask Kamrus Rimathe to speak to her of the book and place her in his care if he feels she requires purification." 

"Wise. I will do what I can. Tell no one else that you have dissolved the Arrangement, it will make things easier." Burgath frowned speculatively and eyed Isonei again, "Gather your wits and try to put our father off gently if he insists you make a second Arrangement. If you have no other choice, make it. Draeseth can release you a second time." 

"That would be agreeing in bad faith. Arans don't do that, Burgath." 

"Arans can be deceptive at times, brother," Draeseth spoke with a grim smile, "but they are honest at their core. They may conceal, but they do not lie or make promises in bad faith." 

"One promise would spare her a great deal of displeasure." Burgath shook his head. "Arans are impractical but doing business with them has a certain appeal." He rose from his seat. "If father does discover the Arrangement has been dissolved or he decides to no longer honor it, he will turn her over to Kamrus Olauth's custody. You should speak to Kamrus Rimathe immediately and try to put other plans in place, you know what will happen with all of her valuables if she is placed into the guardianship of the priesthood." 

"What would happen?" Isonei looked up at him with concern. "My things are my own." 

"No. If you are placed into guardianship your things become property of the priesthood to be sold for your keeping. You no longer own anything." Lislora looked vaguely ill. "My father had me marry so that I would avoid that fate. A widow has more freedom and is permitted to inherit from her husband. I chose to give some of my land and wealth to the priesthood, had I become a sister, it would have all been taken." 

The hair stood on the back of Isonei's neck. "I will entrust all of my valuables to the both of you for safekeeping." 

"I will have them sent ahead to the Kroscur." Draeseth gave a curt nod and barked a command in Torgan but Krouth was already disappearing into the bedroom with Ximesra. 

"Thank you. The necklace and bracelets were yours as a wedding gift, regardless." She gave the dour-looking Prince a wan smile and his face softened. 

"Lislora will stay with you. I must find Kamrus Rimathe." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei felt peculiar, everything of value had been packed carefully and taken to Draeseth's rooms and everything else had been arranged so that it could be packed with speed. She would be ready at a moment's notice to leave. The book of myths, however, she kept close at hand. Krouth wouldn't hesitate to take it if she laid it down or packed it away, she was certain. 

Ximesra returned from the kitchens with a tray and a vaguely peculiar gait. "They were told to serve hare today. No trays were to leave that didn't have hare on the plates. This is all for Duchess Lislora." The maid glanced at the horrified Torgan woman, "But the kitchen won't allow the silver Duchess to go hungry. Half of them were slaves..." 

She pulled a wrapped bundle from beneath her skirts, it seemed to have been tied to the inside of her leg. "I have clean food for you." Inside were two dough pockets, an apple, and one of the Lerian braids her brother had spoken of. "The all of the other candies were given to the Princesses. They were only able to save one of these for you." 

Isonei smiled warmly at the Munian woman. "Thank you and thank them for me. This is a kindness I cannot repay." 

Dimpling as she inclined her head, Ximesra glanced back to Lislora, "Do you need anything, your Grace? I tried to be certain everything on the tray was to your liking." 

"No, that will be all." Lislora inclined her head as she came to the table. 

Taking a bite of the dough pocket, she considered prompting Lislora to thank the servants occasionally, tilting her head as the Torgan woman gave her a sour look. 

"I know you thank them, Isonei, but thanking everyone each time they complete a task is ridiculous." 

"Arans are known for expressing gratitude, your Grace," Ximesra spoke up as Isonei tried to swallow. "They write notes for everything and there's a jest among the Sons of Mun when they marry an Aran, you'll know the child takes after his Aran parent more if he comes out thanking his mother." 

Turning to give the Munian woman a look of mock offense, Isonei huffed, "You had to remind me that I need to write his Majesty a thank you note after he tried to poison me?" 

"No one would fault you for forgetting." Ximesra shrugged with one shoulder with a wry smile. 

"My father might. After lunch I'll write a letter that would make him proud." 

She thought about the wording as she ate, it would need to be gracious; she had been treated well for most of her stay. That the King had had ulterior motives was beside the point. Thanking him for each of the kindnesses she knew he'd done individually, and for any she may have been too ill to notice, would satisfy the need for graciousness and slightly spiteful pedantry. Closing with the wish for him to be treated with all of the kindness and respect he shows to others would please her father tremendously, as well as be a nod to her own displeasure at how King Orgath was now choosing to behave. 

Very deliberately finishing all of her food even though she felt overfull, Isonei tried to offer half of the braid to Lislora. It was almost too sweet. If they had asked she would have given the rest to the Princesses. 

"No, thank you, Isonei, but I do not want anything sweet. You lived off of honey. I need eggs and savory, salty things." Lislora sopped up the dark sauce on her plate with a piece of bread. "You could barely eat anything, and I am constantly hungry." 

Wincing, Isonei inclined her head. 

Ximesra murmured something in Torgan and Lislora looked startled. 

"I meant no offense." 

"I know." Isonei raised her hand placatingly. "It's a difficult subject for me but you should be allowed to talk about it." 

"You can take comfort in the Book of Truths, all things happen in accordance to Ganas' will. It may be painful but he knows best." The Torgan woman swallowed and leaned back slightly, saying something to Ximesra in a nervous tone as Isonei tried to master her face and suppress the pain and fury the words brought bubbling to the surface. 

"I told you to talk about anything else, your Grace. You might as well pour sand in an open wound." 

"I was trying to comfort her! The look in her eyes could break a shield!" 

Isonei took a deep breath and tried to soften her face. "Don't try to comfort me anymore, please. I find nothing comforting in the thought..." she took another breath and stopped herself before she said something she might regret. 

"I... I am sorry, Isonei." 

"Thank you." Clearing her throat and nibbling on the last of the braid she decided to take a moment and lighten the mood. "Have you considered names yet? Will you choose something Torgan?" 

"Draeseth wants an Aran name, and they are very fashionable." Lislora glanced at the maid as if asking permission. "His father suggested Thaedreth." 

"I had asked Draeseth to choose between that name and Mallath. King Orgath tried to convince us to choose the name my father had intended for me, Isionath. Draeseth wasn't fond of it and I liked the name Mallath." 

Lislora nodded slowly, "He said he would prefer a name other than Thaedreth but he would not say why. Isionath is a very handsome name." 

"Loreth sounds very handsome as well, or Draeleth?" 

The Torgan woman brightened, "I like those. Lorim was my father's name." 

"It wouldn't hurt to have a daughter's name chosen as well, just in case. My father was so surprised I wasn't a son I didn't have a name for a week." Isonei made a face and Lislora gave a small laugh before nodding. 

"Draeseth is very attached to the name Kothesei. Though I did consider changing it to Kothelosa." Her tone was tentative. 

"I like that! That's like his mother's name, Athelosa. Have you suggested it? It's beautiful." 

Lislora relaxed and smiled ruefully, "I have not, but I will." 

"You should. I think he'd like it." She finished the braid and glanced to the desk across the room. "I need to write my letter. If you're tired you're welcome to rest in my bed." 

"I try not to sleep during the day. Would you like help in writing your letter? Perhaps I could make suggestions?" 

"That's very thoughtful of you." Isonei tried to give Lislora a warm smile as she rose, collecting the book and taking it with her to the desk. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

The letter was respectably long when it was finished, and Isonei thought her father would have approved. A large chunk had been devoted to King Orgath's kindness in freeing the slaves as a legacy for Mallath, something that Lislora had advised against as it was a sore subject for the King, but the man had tried to poison her and her father would have enjoyed the combination of gratitude, graciousness, and subtle spite. 

Her letter to the Kamrus, written days earlier, thanking him and his priests for looking after her during her illness, had been a bit more grateful, but they had saved her life and been genuinely kind. That they might be upset with her now for refusing to part with the book was concerning. No sooner had the thought crossed her mind, Halloc Urroth knocked and let himself in with a frown. 

"Duchess Isonei, I was asked to escort you to the chamber where the King and some of the Kamruses wait." 

"Of course, Halloc Urroth." Isonei rose from her seat and picked up the book. 

Lislora stood as well. 

"Duchess Lislora, forgive me, you were not asked for." 

"Thank you for sitting with me, Lislora. I enjoyed your company." Isonei inclined her head with a faint smile. 

"It was a pleasure, Isonei. I will be in my rooms when you finish if you wish to talk afterward." 

"Thank you." 

Following the Halloc out of the rooms in silence, she felt a strange sort of calm settling over her, a certainty that things were on their right path. 

After a few moments, the Halloc spoke, "It looked as though you were writing a letter." 

"Yes. I wrote a thank you note for King Orgath. His hospitality may have reached its end, but he should still be thanked for the kindnesses he's done. I'll have it given to him after I leave." 

Halloc Urroth looked at her curiously. 

"The where hasn't yet been decided, but I will be leaving soon." She offered him a rueful smile. 

"Why do you say his hospitality has reached its end?" 

"He had hare served for lunch. Ximesra said he forbade any plate without hare from leaving the kitchens. He knows unclean meat will make me very ill and I won't eat it. King Orgath couldn't be more clear in his wish for me to leave." 

The priest frowned and stopped walking for a moment. "Even if you cling to an object better destroyed, you should not be poisoned." 

"Thank you, Halloc Urroth. I would part with the book if I could return it to the Dagas. It's priceless, I couldn't bear to let it be destroyed." 

He inclined his head and gestured as he began to walk again at a somewhat slower pace. "Do you understand our concerns?" 

"I do not share them, but I do understand them, yes. It isn't the content of the book that concerns you, it's the protections that were placed on the book to preserve it. Returning it should solve the problem." 

The Halloc smiled faintly. "That has been suggested." 

They reached the chamber where King Orgath waited with Kamruses Olauth and Gillaugrim, as well as a handful of priests and guards. Draeseth looked deeply displeased standing behind of all of them, his glower could be felt the moment she walked in the door. 

Standing next to her, Halloc Urroth drew himself up and spoke to the space between Kamrus Gillaugrim and King Orgath, "It was brought to my attention that only hare was served today, meat that would make Duchess Isonei ill." 

"A demonstration of why she should be more obedient was in order." King Orgath waved his hand dismissively. "If she wishes to be entertained to her standards, she should behave to mine. Give the Halloc the book, Duchess." 

"No, your Majesty. The book is priceless and I would not-" 

He barked an order in Torgan and hands seized her from behind as another guard wrenched the book away from her. It was handed to his Majesty who gave her a smug smile. "Do what you will, Kamrus Olauth." 

The Kamrus took the book murmuring something over it before he threw it into the fireplace. For a moment she felt as though she couldn't breathe. Smoke began to billow with startling speed, but not in the fireplace. At Kamrus Olauth's shriek of surprise, the guard let go of Isonei and she darted forward to pull the book out of the flames. The Kamrus' robe was burning and despite the attempts of the other priests, it was not going out. 

Isonei patted the singed cover carefully, surprisingly it was barely marked. Perhaps more surprisingly, once the book had been taken from the fire the flames devouring the Kamrus' robe died out. 

The priests eyed her nervously and Kamrus Olauth spat a command in Torgan. A guard lurched toward where she knelt but Draeseth caught him with a fist, knocking him to the floor with a clatter. Placing himself between her and the rest of the men in the room, the furious Prince growled something in Torgan. No one moved. 
