 My thanks to Nthusiastic for her help with beta reading, editing, and making good suggestions!

*****

Isonei's head ached again by lunch. Daedi had not been allowed to come with her to the palace, but Rimathe had spoken to the priests. The Torgan girl was being given warmer clothes and there was a widow in need of a companion, the Temple would look after them both. Hodrim had returned with them, but changed his clothes and gone immediately back for lessons.

She'd expected Lislora to come and discuss the Arrangement after Draeseth had escorted her to her rooms and told her to remain, but the Torgan woman had never appeared. Krouth left to fetch the meal and Rimathe stood nearby as she rubbed her temples.

"I could read to you..."

"No. Thank you, Rimathe. I would just like quiet."

"Of course, your Grace." He fidgeted slightly.

"You could go help Krouth if you need something to do... or look in on Hodrim if that's permitted."

"Master Krouth said you're not to be left alone."

"He's very thoughtful."

A sharp rapping at the door made her wince. Rimathe moved to answer it immediately. Isonei had a sneaking suspicion that she knew who would be on the other side, and when she heard the melodic Phaethian language being spoken she wasn't surprised.

"You know both languages he speaks, Kresh."

"He's a servant he should speak mine." The Phaethian snapped as she stepped into the room.

"I have a headache-"

"Good. You should be punished for lying to me about breakfast."

"I didn't lie. Lislora made plans and then they changed." Isonei shrugged delicately. "I don't feel well enough to-"

"Your slave had boasted he could change your opinion of me with a few words. Did you know he told my brother just enough to have the sons of his former master killed? That there was more to the truth was not discovered until the slave was safely in Torga. My brother had to remind me in a letter which slave I was being forced to speak to." Kresh's tone was conversational and she came to sit in a chair nearby without invitation.

"Master Krouth is no one's slave and he never should have been. No one should be enslaved." She fixed the woman with the coldest glare she could manage as her head throbbed.

"My," there was a slight pause, "servant is bringing Phaethian tea and a meal for us to share. It should improve your spirits." Kresh's smile was almost a smirk.

"Master Krouth is bringing my meal."

"Master Krouth will not be returning to your service." Kresh rose from the chair and joined her on the sofa, perching on the edge. "My brother did not appreciate being poisoned against his friends, nor do I appreciate my friend being poisoned against me."

"Rimathe, find out where Master Krouth is and make certain he hasn't been harmed."

"I was told not to leave you..." He glanced at Kresh with a frown.

"She won't harm me, I'm protected by my station. Master Krouth doesn't share that luxury. Go. That is a command."

Rimathe bowed hesitantly and left the room.

"What is it that you want from me, Kresh?" Isonei folded her arms. "I don't appreciate threats to myself or my servants."

"I want an ally. If you will not be friendly to me I can tell your husband about your efforts to bring Andnaeuth from Ara. How long will you enjoy his favor when he learns of it? Not even my husband will broach the subject out of fear of his temper." The Phaethian woman looked very pleased with herself. "You require an ally as well."

Isonei tilted her head and gave the woman a bemused smile, "You're assuming he doesn't know? He isn't happy that I've tried to arrange Andnaeuth's presence at the bouts, but he's looking forward to trying to fight with him."

Kresh blinked. "He allowed you to..."

Narrowing her eyes with an imitation of Kresh's own smirk Isonei replied in a tone of frosted honey, "Put your mouth on your husband's cock now and then, Kresh, you'd be amazed what they'll tolerate. Was there anything else?"

Flushing and sputtering in at least two other languages something that sounded like curses, the Phaethian rose from the sofa and moved to sit at the table. She sat eyeing Isonei with incredulity and outrage on her grey, tattooed face until the door opened and her servant entered with a tray of tea and cups.

They conversed in Phaethian for a moment and the servant woman poured the tea. After she left, Kresh gestured to the cups. "Drink with me. My servant is fetching the food now."

"Why?" Isonei rubbed her temples. "I assumed we were done with our discussion."

"Not yet. The tea may help with your headache, Nei."

Isonei sighed and joined her at the table for civility's sake, accepting a cup and smelling it before taking a small sip. There was a vaguely familiar, slightly bitter taste she couldn't place in the peculiar tea blend. She added honey to it liberally. "What else is there to discuss, Kresh?"

"Were you pretending to be friendly toward me when we met?"

"No. I liked you." Isonei sipped her tea and frowned. "I thought your unhappiness and reputation were from being so far from home among unfriendly people. While I do have a great deal of respect for you, the way you treat people and the things your Empire does... I can't be friends with you, Kresh." Setting her tea down she felt a little woozy.

"You pitied me?" The Phaethian woman narrowed her eyes.

"No, I empathized. I'm also far from home and navigating an unfamiliar place filled with cold people. I thought we had a great deal in common."

"You are naive, but I did enjoy having you as a friend. It is a pity you were too foolish to continue behaving as one, but I can still use you to gain some favor with the King. Give me the name of your Daga." Kresh looked at her expectantly and suddenly Isonei recognized one of the flavors.

"The tea has veorola in it."

"It does. You may need to drink more, and I may need to wait until you're more pliable, but you will tell me."

Rising from her chair she tried to make her way to the door despite her dizziness. She wasn't sure who she was going to look for but she needed to find someone to protect her from Kresh. The Phaethian woman tripped her and stood on her skirt barking a command. The door opened immediately and the servant who had been sent out came in with empty hands.

Kresh gave orders in her own tongue and the two of them began to try to force her to drink more tea. The more she tried to fight the angrier the Phaethian seemed. Isonei was certain she was going to have bruises on her face and arms, and the tea, being poured down her throat as they tried to keep her in place with her mouth open, made her cough as some went down the wrong way.

When the pot was empty Kresh stood up triumphantly. "Give me a name, Nei."

It felt like the room was rippling. If she wanted a name... "Udnerath..."

Kresh turned, narrowing her eyes as Isonei coughed and tried to get the words out.

"Udnerath drown me and Tyhnoth take you." It was a curse she'd heard used rarely and usually under her father's breath but she spoke it now as a plea and a prayer. The rippling room grew dark at the edges and breathing became difficult. Sinking back, Isonei closed her eyes and let darkness draw her down.

°°°°°°°°°°

The water wasn't clear but green light filtered down. It moved and rippled like the sea above her but here it felt calm and warm. Isonei couldn't help but feel disappointed as she began to float gently upwards toward the rippling light.

She woke with a start in a cool, smoky room propped on her side among a mountain of pillows. As she tried to lift her head Halloc Urroth came into view.

"Rest. Can you breathe well?"

Isonei tried to take a deep breath and began to cough.

"Spit into this." He put a bowl in front of her but nothing seemed to come up.

Laying her head back down she let her eyes close again. The sound of Draeseth entering the room and quietly speaking her name didn't make her want to open them. She listened to the sound of his hushed conversation with the Halloc. It took a moment for her mind to begin working enough to be curious about where she was and why she was here.

Her eyes shot open, "Krouth! Is he-" She began coughing again and the bowl was hurriedly thrust under her face as some mucus came up.

"Krouth is well. I will have him visit you." Draeseth stepped forward and stroked her hair. "What do you remember?"

It took a moment to be able to speak. She tried to breathe shallowly and speak softly, "Kresh threatened him, she was going to kill him... and I think she poisoned me. When I tried to get away from her to find help, she called her servant and made her hold me while she poured the tea down my throat. I couldn't breathe."

His jaw was firmly clenched and his eyes were hard. "Why did she poison you?"

"She was angry that I stopped being friendly toward her, and she thought she could curry favor with the King if she could force enough veorola into me to make me speak against my will. But it was bitter and a sip made me dizzy, I wouldn't drink more."

"There was more than veorola in that tea, your Highness. I would swear to it." Halloc Urroth's face set in a bitter frown. "I have my doubts that the Duchess was intended to survive, the loss of the child was planned."

"Loss..." Isonei felt suddenly ill.

"I will see her punished, wife. I-I cannot stay." Draeseth's dark eyes dampened before he looked away. "I will send Krouth to sit with you."

Nodding mutely, she waited until he left and then buried her face in the pillow, beginning to weep. It hadn't been ideal but she had looked forward to being a mother, the feelings of relief and guilt, battled with loss and anger. She couldn't stop sobbing once she'd begun.

It was dark when Isonei woke again. Her eyes felt sore and her hips hurt as if she'd been in the same position for far too long. Krouth was at her side in an instant, lifting the cover of a small lamp, as she tried to escape the nest of pillows.

"Carefully, your Grace. What do you need?"

"I want to sit up..." She winced as she tried to move.

"The Halloc said you might be stiff and uncomfortable when you woke. You may stand and walk once around the room if you feel you can."

Isonei coughed as she sat up and he held the bowl as little more mucus came up.

"You should not have sent Rimathe out of the room."

"I know that now." She nodded, feeling a lump in her throat; swallowing it with difficulty she let him help her onto her feet. "I didn't think she would harm me and I was worried..."

"She told them you had requested the tea." Krouth gave her a pointed look. "I did my best to persuade them you had not."

"I didn't, Krouth. The situation wasn't ideal but I wanted the baby."

He put an arm around her to steady her as they walked slowly. "There was no relief?"

The soft bitter laugh escaped her and she leaned on the slim servant. "There was. And guilt for feeling it. I feel guilty for ever speaking to that woman, and guilty for worrying more about you than myself. If I hadn't tried to be civil and sit at the table with her, if I'd only thrown her out-" her voice broke and her words ended in a sob.

Krouth stopped and let her bury her face in his shoulder. Gently patting her back he murmured something and she heard a door close. After a moment, Hodrim joined them and she climbed back into bed holding the boy tightly.

In the morning, Isonei was roused from her bed for early prayers in her room. Hodrim remained with her, helping her to the kneeler. He and Krouth were the only two there so she didn't bother to dress, only putting on her robe after the slim servant rubbed some sort of oils into places on her neck and feet. The sound of Krouth's voice as he recited the indecipherable Torgan words was soothing and when he finished a familiar voice behind her spoke approvingly.

Rimathe gave her a rueful smile as she turned to look at him. The green-eyed man was dressed as a Kamrus. "Forgive the intrusion and the deception. It was decided that a closer look at your manner and habits was necessary. I was recently elevated and only a few at Court knew me, I was chosen to observe you and to test your temper where I thought it safe."

Tilting her head she tried to return his smile, "Draeseth knew didn't he? That was why he laughed when I said offering you a more permanent position might help you learn more quickly."

Kamrus Rimathe laughed softly, "You were very patient, Duchess. It was gratifying to find that my brother was right in his judgment, he and I rarely agree on anything."

"Your brother?"

"Halloc Aurim. We see most things differently."

"He's a kind man, if a very stern one."

Inclining his head with a warm smile, Rimathe rose to help her to her feet. "Clothing has been brought for you. Kamrus Gillaugrim would like you to join us for breakfast. The public trial will be taking place today. There is some discussion of whether you should be encouraged to attend."

"Kresh is receiving a public trial?"

"No. The slave that helped her by mixing the tea and delivering it, as well as holding you down. Kresh is an Imperial Princess. Her punishment will be private censure from the King. The slave will likely be executed."

A hard ball of fury began to form in Isonei's belly. "That isn't right!"

"Prince Draeseth is adamant that someone should be punished for the loss of his child. And the slave could have refused."

"Could she have?" Isonei shook her head feeling suddenly helpless and heartbroken, not only for herself and her child but for the woman about to die.

Krouth helped her into all black garments and fastened a peculiar shredded and tattered over-cloak over it all. Her hair was braided in crossed braids and instead of the usual black cloth, one with a tattered over-layer was pinned into place covering all of her hair. The effect of so much black made her look paler and more sickly than usual. When she looked askance at Krouth he frowned slightly, "Mourning clothes, your Grace. The Queen lent you hers. The over-cloak is not meant to be so large, but it will suffice as one is made for you."

"I will-I will be sure to thank her." The words seemed horribly foolish, but she wasn't sure what else to say.

Breakfast was subdued, and the quiet conversations around her were in Torgan. She barely managed to eat a few bites of the bread even with the prodding of Halloc Aurim and Hodrim. Her mind swam with thoughts of the woman who would be standing trial and the thought that someone should be punished. But it should be Kresh. It repeated in her mind, it should be Kresh being punished.

Kamrus Gillaugrim pulled her to the side after the meal had ended. Without speaking a word he walked her into the Temple and along the tapestries and paintings, stopping at one with banners of Torgan script. It bore a handsome elderly man and a young hideous man with a cow's tail and hooves for feet but both were dressed as priests. The old man stood on the dark side of the tapestry and the young man seemed to be calling to him from the light side.

"What do you think?" The Kamrus gestured to it with pride.

"I can't read the writing but it looks as if it's telling a story of some kind." A story wasn't what she wanted right now, she wanted clarity.

"Kamrus Rimathe told me that you enjoyed one of my favorite passages. Did no one ever tell you the story?"

Isonei looked at him in bafflement.

"Onoliuk and Odhrim. They were chained together for a year. At the end of the year, they were unchained and tested. Onoliuk had been treated well and he had learned kindness and decency from Saint Odhrim, but as they were being tested the Saint began to falter, his heart was too heavy. There had been too much darkness and too much wretchedness. Onoliuk called out to him, 'When you are afraid and blind in the dark, hold tightest to what you have believed in the light. Truth stands fast and will not abandon you.' It gave Saint Odhrim enough courage to endure and showed that the demon had learned goodness. That is why it is one of my favorites." He turned to study the painting and she did the same.

Closing her eyes after a moment she felt calm and certainty wash over her. She would hold to what she believed. "Kamrus? May I... may I ask a favor of you?"

"What favor would you ask?"

"I need to go to the trial and I need to speak with the woman. I'll need someone to translate for me, and to do it loudly." Isonei took a deep breath and met his eyes hoping he could see her sincerity. "And I will need you to translate my words as I speak to the King as well. You once accused me of putting on a show when I wasn't, you're going to get to see me perform today."

He frowned and tilted his head. "That does not sound like something a grieving mother should be doing."

"It needs to be done, Kamrus Gillaugrim. I don't know you well, but I don't think you'll be ashamed to have helped me." She swallowed and clasped her hands. "Please Kamrus."

"If I disapprove, your spectacle will be brought to an end." His frown deepened.

"Do you support slavery in Torga?" Isonei could feel her heart sinking.

"No, Duchess, it is a Phaethian perversion that should have no place here."

A weight lifted from her shoulders and she gave him a small smile, "Then you will not disapprove."

The Kamrus still looked dubious as he summoned a handful of other men to accompany them. Leaving through the front door of the Temple, Isonei could see there was a crowd backed up nearly to the steps, stretching as far as her eyes could see in the light rain. Halloc Urroth and Halloc Hroth came to the front and began to bellow something in Torgan that startled people into moving aside enough for them to pass but the going was slow.

A booming voice could be heard the closer they came to a raised platform and by the time she reached it her dress felt heavier than usual, but with all of her layers, there was no dampness against her skin. The Kamrus helped her up onto the platform. From there, she could see the King and four of the Princes, only Burgath was absent. They were seated in a viewing box that had been constructed above the platform against the wall that ringed the palace grounds.

Kresh's servant knelt, trembling and drenched by the rain, in a grey shift. Her dark hair was plastered to her grey-green skin. She didn't look up as Isonei approached.

"Do you know me?" Isonei asked loud enough for the Kamrus to hear, and he translated in a booming voice.

The woman muttered something and nodded. "The Duchess her mistress hates." The Kamrus spoke first in Aran and then in Torgan and as Isonei gave him a small nod.

"Please look at me. There are questions I need to ask."

The woman glanced up and then back down wordlessly.

"Do you hate me?"

She shook her head, no.

"Could you have refused her commands if you wished to?"

"Oist." The woman looked up pleadingly.

"Would you have poisoned me or harmed me of your own free will?"

She shook her head with a baffled expression.

"Do you regret it?"

"Aing." The rest of what she said was broken by sobs as she bowed down and reached toward Isonei's feet.

"It would have been better to die as a child than to endure this life." Even the Kamrus sounded moved. "She begs your forgiveness."

Isonei knelt and took hold of her hands. "I hold you blameless. You were wronged, perhaps more than I was. But if the King will hear me, I will try to put things right, for you and for the child I lost."

The woman looked up tearfully as the Kamrus translated in a voice that seemed loud enough for the King to hear, but she didn't appear hopeful.

King Orgath was already responding in Torgan as Isonei rose and turned to face him.
