 My thanks to Nthusiastic for her help in editing, beta-reading, and making good suggestions! 

***** 

Isonei sat quietly as the Torgans carried on what sounded like a heated discussion around her. His Majesty had scowled on hearing she would not make a new Arrangement at the moment and it had prompted her brother and some of the eight Kamruses gathered in the throne room to begin arguing with him. 

After what felt like an inordinately long time Draeseth stood, speaking firmly, and the conversation stopped. The Arrangement for Lislora was discussed and written in Torgan, and Isonei could only hope that the woman had remembered everything correctly as it was signed. When it came time to discuss the amendments to the standing Arrangement the King sourly dismissed the gathering and told Draeseth he could have that done at his leisure. 

Yornaith was flanked by two Torgan guards and not permitted to speak to her before he was escorted back to his rooms. She looked to Draeseth in bafflement and he frowned, offering her his arm. 

"You have displeased my father. It will take a great deal to find your way back into his good graces, Isonei. You refuse the simple things he asks of you." 

"He doesn't understand that what he asks is far more than he realizes. If he understood, he wouldn't ask for those things." She shook her head sadly as she took his arm. 

"He will have time to cool his temper." Burgath approached and offered a faint smile but his eyes were narrowed and hard as if he were about to say something unpleasant. "The Arrangement Lislora signed said that she has Draeseth to herself while she carries his child." 

"Yes. That is how it's done." Isonei inclined her head. 

"Will you be leaving?" 

She blinked and looked up at Draeseth, "I'm not certain. The three of us need to discuss that and the amendments to the standing Arrangement." 

"We will discuss it tomorrow. We still have to attend dinner." 

Burgath said something that sounded careful and Draeseth growled a response. 

"Would you please speak Aran? I would-" 

Draeseth interrupted her, "My father may not wish to have you at the table." 

"I wouldn't be offended, Draeseth. Eating in my room would be welcome." 

"He would put you at the lower table, Isonei." Burgath's eyes softened as he gave her a sympathetic look. 

"If I understood correctly, I shouldn't be attending feasts at all. You can give him my sincerest apologies. Lunch was almost too much, and with this on top of it, I can't face another social engagement today." 

"My mother will support you in that." Burgath seemed to relax slightly. "You have her favor at least." 

"For which I'm grateful." Isonei smiled faintly. "Your mother has been very kind." 

"She prefers you to Lislora, and she understands your grief. That you are the reason Kresh is no longer at Court has also endeared you to her." 

"Isonei will have Shprayt and Ailzem. Your mother can enjoy her company at the bouts." Draeseth laid his hand on top of hers on his arm. "Father's displeasure will fade. No one can remain angry with my silver Duchess." 

Isonei leaned against his side for a moment and he made a pleased sound. 

"I will take my Isonei back to her rooms." 

"I will walk with Duchess Lislora." Burgath offered the silent Torgan woman his arm. "You've given us a second sister and I wish to welcome her." 

"I will walk with both of my Duchesses." Draeseth beckoned to Lislora and offered his arm, "I need to speak to both of them before dinner." 

Seeing Burgath's peeved expression Isonei released Draeseth's arm. "I'll walk with my borrowed brother. He doesn't seem happy to walk alone." 

"It would be easier for me to caution my brother's new wife to be kind to you if I walked with her." Burgath offered his arm with amusement. "I worry you might give up too much as you try to welcome her." 

"You should think better of her, she can be as kind and gracious as I am. She only needs the opportunity to show you." Taking his arm she tried to put on a bright smile. "And she makes Draeseth very happy without sending him into fits of jealousy." 

"I can see the effort it takes for you to be charming tonight, Isonei. I will make certain father does not have you brought out for dinner." 

"That would be very kind, Burgath. I think this must be what a rag feels like when all of the water is wrung out of it." 

Draeseth and Lislora spoke quietly to one another in Torgan as they walked back to Isonei's rooms. Burgath fell back with her a few steps and murmured, "If you need company tonight, have Ximesra inform my servant. I will come sit with you." 

"Thank you for the kind offer, Burgath, but I've come to appreciate time spent alone. There was a time I couldn't bear solitude, and now I find I need a certain amount of it." 

"As you wish." He patted her hand and seemed to focus on the conversation Lislora and Draeseth were having. 

Once at her rooms, he excused himself and she tried to offer him a smile. It prompted him to say something firmly to Draeseth before he left. Inside the rooms, Draeseth made a displeased sound and kept Lislora's arm clamped to his side. 

"Lislora would like me to spend tonight with her. It is the closest she will have to a wedding night." 

"I understand. It would be strange if you made the Arrangement with her and then spent the night with me." 

"Tomorrow I will spend the day with you." He seemed hesitant as if he'd expected her to put up a fight. 

"If you wish. You may change your mind, and I won't hold it against you." She inclined her head, feeling able to offer him a more genuine smile than she'd given Burgath. It was something of a relief to know she wouldn't have to spend the evening trying to be cheerful. 

The look on his face suggested he was already regretting some part of the decision. Lislora stroked his arm soothingly and he schooled his face inclining his head. "I will have Krouth look in on you after dinner." 

"Thank you." Turning to Lislora she volunteered, "I know you haven't asked, but I do have some advice to offer you about dining with them, if you'd like to hear it?" She waited until the Torgan woman gave her a curt nod. "If his brothers jest with you don't take offense, and if you do, don't let them see it. Answer them as if they're your brothers and you're confident and comfortable. And I know you're a gracious and kind woman, you've shown me in the past. At every opportunity, you should show them the same, don't allow an unkind word to pass your lips. You'll find they treat you better." 

"Thank you for your advice." Lislora looked down at the floor for a moment. "If you need him..." 

"No. Enjoy your wedding night." Isonei placed her hand over her heart. 

Draeseth smiled grimly, "My brothers may all thrash me if I do not spend tomorrow with you." 

Isonei exhaled and studied his bruised face, but before she could speak, Lislora reassured her, "I will apply salve to his face, I promise you." 

"Thank you." She stayed standing until they left and then she took a seat at the table running her hand over the closed book her sister had sent. Dinner with her brother wouldn't be permitted, she didn't need to ask. 

Ximesra stepped out of the doorway that led to her room with a concerned expression. "Your Grace?" 

"I'm having dinner in my room tonight. I'll need something light and very little of it, please." A thought occurred to her. "It might reassure my brother, if he's also confined to his room, if you gathered his food and took it to him." Isonei tried to think of some way to set her brother's mind at ease. "He may like someone to eat with, you can stay with him as long as you wish. I intend to go to bed directly after eating." 

"Krouth arranged for you to have a bath drawn later." 

She smiled wryly, "I could stay awake for that. If you tell him I'm concerned for my brother he may help me himself before Draeseth and Lislora return from dinner and allow you to attend to my brother." Noticing the dubious look on the woman's face she tilted her head. "Or you could send Krouth to attend my brother if he did or said something to upset you." 

"Your brother didn't upset me, your Grace. The Princes were very displeased at the thought of me spending any time with him. Yornaith was charming and sweet." Ximesra smiled but not quite enough to dimple. "I worry that I might not be permitted to stay with you if I spend too much time with him." 

"Use your best judgment. You have an advantage over me in determining their moods, you speak the language here." 

"Yes, your Grace." The Munian woman bustled out leaving her alone. 

Going to her bedroom she laid out her nightdress and began to undress, it would be prudent to be able to say she was no longer dressed for dinner if Burgath was unable to prevent his father from insisting she join them. 

"Alma?" 

"Hodrim?" Isonei looked up in surprise. "I thought you'd be having dinner with everyone else." 

"Ahh, no. I stay." 

"I'm not going to be good company, my little love. I just want to eat, bathe, and go to bed." 

He frowned and came to sit on the bed. "Alma..." 

Isonei studied his serious face. "What's wrong, my little love?" 

"You ahh..." Hodrim fidgeted looking to the door as if hoping someone who could speak both languages would return. "I stay. Kamrus Rimathe... I stay." 

"You want to stay with me instead, of going with Kamrus Rimathe?" She furrowed her brow and came to sit next to him, pulling her robe over her underlayers. 

"Yes. You need ahh..." 

"No. Oh no, my little love." Wrapping her arm around him, Isonei leaned and kissed his dark head. "I need for you to be happy and to know that you're doing what you want to be doing. My sadness will pass and I don't want you to lose a wonderful opportunity." 

The Kamrus cleared his throat and stepped into the doorway. "The Arrangement discussions were nothing he should have been forced to attend." 

"I didn't expect it to be contentious. Why it upset his Majesty so much baffles me. I wouldn't expect him to insist on a wedding for someone in mourning. Why would he try to have me make a new Arrangement? Amending it should really be postponed but it wouldn't be fair to Draeseth and Lislora." 

"There are reasons, Duchess. Are you certain you don't need Hodrim to stay? I would allow him to rejoin me in a year." 

"I'm certain. I would feel worse knowing I put my burdens on him. He was so happy and proud, I want him to stay that way." 

Kamrus Rimathe spoke to the boy in a solemn tone and after a few moments Hodrim nodded tentatively and gave an answer. 

"He needs reassurance that you will be taken care of." 

"My little love, I have Ximesra and Master Krouth to look after me. I'll be fine, I just need time." Isonei kissed his head and hoped that her smile didn't look pained. 

Her words were relayed and the Torgan boy embraced her for a long moment. Krouth's voice in the other room startled the Kamrus into making a sound much like her Daga often made, as he sucked his lips against his teeth. Isonei couldn't stifle a small laugh. 

"Master Krouth is the quietest man I've ever met when he wants to be." 

"I've noticed." Kamrus Rimathe smiled and inclined his head before stepping out of the doorway to speak to the servant. 

Hodrim rose from the bed and went into the servant's room to gather some of his things. Isonei followed into the main room. 

"He will be staying with me in my lodgings now that he is one of my attendants. His more extravagant clothes are not required but some of his newer clothes are acceptable." The Kamrus almost seemed apologetic. 

"Master Krouth may be able to have some of the clothes exchanged for something more suitable or he may be able to sell the extravagant clothes and give Hodrim some money to spend on new clothing as he grows." Isonei smiled wryly looking at the Kamrus, "Though I imagine he may spend his money as I do, more freely on other people. You can send for more money to buy him clothes or anything he needs." 

Kamrus Rimathe's face relaxed into a warm smile, "I will. Duchess Lislora already assured me of that. His Highness may not be eager to act as a father to the boy, but both of you are loving mothers." 

"She really is a good woman and I worry that not everyone sees it." 

"Your Grace?" Krouth interrupted carefully as hot water was carried in. 

"Yes, Master Krouth?" 

"Your bath is being drawn now, and your food will be brought before Ximesra and I take food to your brother. She is putting together the plates now." 

"Thank you." 

"I have taken the liberty of dividing the bath oils already. It was done while you were all at the Arrangement discussions. I would have waited but the Queen was eager to have what you promised." 

"I don't mind, Krouth, I trust your judgment. Thank you for having it done so quickly." 

"Of course, your Grace, and I will see to Master Hodrim's clothes tomorrow." 

"I appreciate that greatly, Master Krouth." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

By the time Isonei was finally alone again she had to decide if she wanted the bath to get cold or the meal Ximesra had brought. After a moment's hesitation, she took the plate into the washing room and pulled a chair close enough to place it on.  

The Queen had been given three quarters of her soap and oils but there was still enough oil for several baths. The warm room smelled of vaina and spices as she slipped into the water to wash and relax. 

She was still lounging, enjoying the water when Ximesra knocked and entered with a glass of honey wine. "Forgive me, your Grace. But I thought you would like one of the last glasses." 

Isonei sat up in the water feeling anger knot her insides. "One of the last?" 

"His Majesty ordered them opened, he said you would not mind sharing your wine. One glass was sent to your brother, I think to upset him. He sent it to you." 

"He argued with the King, but I'm not sure what about. It was all done in Torgan." Taking the glass Isonei sipped it and closed her eyes, feeling the pang of longing for home and a sudden disquiet. "If you would unpack all of my gifts and hide them among my clothes in my room. Your brother's gift should be hidden as well. I have a sudden feeling of unease, as if his Majesty might order my things taken. I don't want them out in the open to make it easy for him." 

Ximesra inclined her head with a grim expression and Isonei heard her bustling around in the other rooms through the slightly open door. 

Sipping the wine slowly a few more times before she made a decision. She finished the glass and rose from the bath, placing it on the mostly empty plate. Drying herself off, she pulled on her nightdress and robe before coming out to ask if Ximesra needed any assistance. 

At a knock on the door, the maid hissed at her to go into the bedroom and get into bed. The table was bare and the chest was open and empty. Isonei did as she was told, covering the lamp on impulse. 

There was some sort of discussion outside of her room. She frowned to herself, it must have been very loud if she could hear it through the door. Eventually, the door was opened slightly. Keeping her eyes closed and her breathing slow and even, she feigned sleep. After a moment the door closed softly. 

A short while later, Ximesra came in alone, closing the door and putting the vanity chair in front of it before she uncovered the lamp just a sliver. Her left cheek looked slightly darker and puffy in the dimness as she perched on the bed to whisper, "I told them you had already gone to bed when I arrived with the wine and I drank it myself. They might have done more than strike me if Master Krouth had not come to look in on you and intervened. He explained that you allow me such privileges." 

She held up her hand as Isonei looked to the door. "If you rise and scold them they will insist on following his Majesty's orders and gather your gifts to display at dinner. They were unhappy with being told they could not enter your room as you slept, but Master Krouth would not allow it. He threatened them with what the Beast of Kroscur would do on hearing men went into your chambers while you were in a state of undress before he left to explain to the King why his command was not obeyed. I was told to sit with you in your room to be certain you were not disturbed." 

"No one strikes my servants, Ximesra. I will speak to Draeseth in the morning if I have to go to Lislora's rooms to do it. That will not be tolerated." 

The Munian woman smiled grimly, "Master Krouth told them the same. You would be furious when you woke to the news and you would prod and provoke his Highness into having the matter addressed. He told the men that while Prince Draeseth may currently prefer bedding his Torgan wife he wouldn't hesitate to kill if you asked him to." 

"That may be an exaggeration but I think he would hit them hard enough to make them wish they were dead if I asked him to." Isonei looked to the door again. "We'll find out tomorrow." 

Ximesra smiled enough to dimple just slightly. "You were right to have me hide everything. What came back would have been broken. I had started to think King Orgath wouldn't be that way with you. I never gave him cause but I saw him behave that way with some of the other women he keeps." 

"I had hoped he wouldn't, but the wine made me remember the warning Kresh gave me and I saw the look on Draeseth's face when he said I had displeased his father." She took a breath before she continued, "I know I won't be allowed to go home, but I think that I may be allowed to go back to the Kroscur. With the Arrangement Draeseth and Lislora have now..." 

"Do you think he'll let you travel without him?" 

"He may." Isonei lay back down and frowned at the ceiling. She might need Lislora's help to convince him. After a moment she looked back to Ximesra and tried to smile, "Why don't you lie down with me? We can rest until Krouth returns." 

"I'll sit in the chair. If Prince Draeseth comes instead, he'll be furious to find me sleeping in your bed." The Munian woman covered the lamp again as she moved to the chair and Isonei took a deep breath. 

"Ximesra?" 

"Yes?" 

"Someday, I promise you, I will see you repaid for all of your kindness and everything you've done for me." 

Ximesra laughed softly in the dark, "You've kept your word to me so far, your Grace." 

Letting her eyes drift closed she found herself in Daga Gildith's garden again but even the sunlight and flowers of the dream couldn't settle her unease. She wrapped her arms around herself and began to walk. 

"You seem unsettled, daughter of Liadith." The familiar voice wasn't Daga Gildith's and she spun to face him in surprise. 

"Daga Lothlaerith!" Isonei darted over and wrapped her arms around him. 

"I see the two of you require a chaperone." Daga Gildith placed a hand on the younger Daga's shoulder. "Her Daga should be here soon." 

"Forgive me, I just..." She beamed up at the two Dagas as she pulled away. 

"Seeing us has lightened your mood?" Daga Lothlaerith took hold of her hand with a smile. 

"It hasn't been a very good day. King Orgath is angry with me, I've barely been allowed to see my brother..." 

"Are you safe?" Daga Lothlaerith's eyes shimmered and flickered with dangerous shades of green. 

"For the moment. I declined to make a second Arrangement with Draeseth and insisted on amending the standing Arrangement instead. It upset his father. He ordered my father's wine served at the meal I was not welcome to attend and if I had not asked Ximesra to hide all of my other gifts in my bedroom they would have been taken as well." 
