 Thanks to Nthusiastic for her help with editing, beta reading, and making good suggestions! 

***** 

In the royal carriage Rogath had ordered, Isonei sat with her arms around the girls. Ror, ensconced between her and the Crown Prince, leaned against her side, while Kas curled on her lap listening intently to the end of the story she had begun what felt like a very long time ago. 

"Because he loved her so much, he took the name of her House as his own so that it wouldn't end with her father. By showing a little kindness, a man who had very little gained a fine house, a proud name, and a loving wife." 

Lislora translated and Kas yawned as she asked a question. "She wants to know what happened to the figurine." 

"They put it on the mantle at home. His wife loved to watch it dance." Isonei bent to kiss the girl's dark hair, in the dimness the red couldn't be seen. 

"You should write out these little stories, Isonei." Adareth sat wedged in the far corner beside Ougath on Lislora's seat. "They would be popular to read to small children." 

"There are so many, writing them down would take up all of my time." She gave him a bright smile. "There are some that have been collected into books though, but The Wretched Traveler is more popular when it's told. You lose something without the storyteller." 

Rogath snorted. "It would require a jester to tell it the way you do. But if you put it in a book, Torgan storytellers can learn it." 

As she inclined her head proudly smiling at the jester comment, Ougath eyed her with amusement, "You may have the time in Gogmenos. I gave a small purse to your cook to be sure you had paper for letters. If father received a thank you note as gracious as you gave me..." 

"I wrote one for him yesterday, before the worst of the unpleasantness. I didn't alter it, I imagine Master Krouth will have it delivered after I've left." 

Rogath said something that sounded speculative in Torgan and Lislora inclined her head with a resigned expression as she answered. 

"Are all Aran women so gracious, Isonei?" Adareth gazed at her wistfully. 

"We try to be. We don't always succeed." Tilting her head with a smile she had to ask, "Didn't Andnaeuth write a thank you note?" 

"He did not. It would have been strange if he had." Rogath leaned to stroke Kas' cheek. 

"We did not write any on leaving Ara, either." Ougath shrugged. 

"You should have. Your trip may have ended less pleasantly than you wished it to, but-" 

"He knew he was inviting Torgans, not Arans." Rogath gave her a look of amused annoyance. 

Isonei arched her brows, "You weren't just making a comment to Lislora about being as gracious as I am? If you expect graciousness, you should be more gracious yourselves." 

The flat look he gave her made him resemble Draeseth strongly but his teasing tone as he spoke to Lislora in Torgan reminded her more of Burgath. The two other Princes chuckled and Lislora inclined her head suppressing a smile. 

"You teased your brother that he was trying to make you miss him less. It is kind of you to do that for us." Ougath grinned at her and Adareth elbowed him in the ribs. 

Laughing, Isonei inclined her head, "If I don't leave now, you'll learn all of my jests by heart! I'd have to find new ones!" 

"It would be no hardship for you." Adareth gave her a longing look and Rogath made a peculiar sound. The youngest Prince winced and shifted in his seat. "To lose the company of someone who makes a room brighter just by entering it, is bitter." 

"You're always so sweet, Adareth. I hope it isn't so bitter that you regret meeting me." 

"Never, Isonei." 

The carriage came to a stop. 

"We must be at the gate." Rogath frowned slightly and began speaking quietly to the girls. 

Little arms tightened around her and Isonei bent to kiss their heads. "Tell them I'll send them something when I arrive, and if they ask nicely, perhaps Aunt Lislora will let them look at the Aran jewelry I gave her when they get back to the palace." 

Rogath smiled faintly and relayed her words and the girls loosened their grip and looked to Lislora who said something that sounded cheerful. 

"I would like to speak to Lislora privately for just a moment, if-if I may." Isonei tried to keep a smile on her face for the girls and the Princes began to clamber out of the carriage, taking the two Princesses with them. 

"I will make sure Hodrim is taken care of." Lislora fidgeted, twisting two of her fingers. 

"And Draeseth. This is breaking his heart." Isonei swallowed and took a deep breath. "Let him grieve and be gentle with him. His pain doesn't mean he loves you less." 

Lislora opened her mouth to speak but the door of the carriage was opened and Hodrim peered in worriedly. "Alma?" 

"My little love!" She made her way to the open door and let Draeseth help her down, embracing Hodrim as the Prince helped Lislora. "I feel so loved that everyone came to see me off." 

The boy squeezed her and murmured something in Torgan before stepping back and gesturing for her to kneel as he'd done at the convent. Isonei sank as gracefully as she could to the hard packed dirt outside the gate. She couldn't help but smile as he kissed her head and covered her face, drawing his hands out toward her ears. 

"My love will go with you everywhere, dearest Hodrim," Isonei reassured him and turned her head to kiss his palm. 

Putting an arm around the boy, Lislora gently guided him to the side as Draeseth helped Isonei back to her feet. 

"He said you are loved." They began walking slowly toward the smaller, plainer carriage that was waiting next to a covered cart. "I have spoken with Kamrus Rimathe; he knows some of the Brothers at the shrine and will make certain you are well treated. Should you require anything, Xagorath is carrying most of your money and if you recall my man, Taugh, he is accompanying the guards I hired." 

"Thank you, Draeseth." She rubbed his arm comfortingly and he looked down, letting her see the dampness of his eyes despite his grim expression. "I don't regret you, my flower wine. I want you to know that. I've learned so much and you brought so much joy into my life." Looking up at him tearfully she tried to smile. It didn't matter at the moment that he'd also brought pain, he needed reassurance and she wanted desperately to leave on good terms. 

He stopped and turned to press his face to hers, "Isonei, my Isonei..." 

She took a juddering breath and stepped back to caress his damp face. "You are loved, and I want you to be proud and joyful. Let her comfort you and promise me you'll be gentle with each other." 

Draeseth straightened and cleared his throat as he tried to regain some composure. "We will see each other again soon. When I have finished with the bouts, Lislora and I will come to Gogmenos on our way to the Kroscur." 

"I'd like that." Isonei tried to give him a bright smile. "Perhaps you'll have some of the pink stones set into a belt buckle and I can see you in my wedding gift." 

His eyes glittered and he made a loud amused sound in his throat. "Perhaps. Or perhaps I will keep them on my wife where they belong." 

Burgath put a hand on her shoulder and said something in Torgan that soured the larger Prince's face before speaking to her in Aran. "It is time to go, Isonei. I would have liked to ride in the carriage with you. I didn't expect all of my brothers to accompany you down." 

"The girls can tell you the end of the story." She gave Burgath a smile and let him walk her to the door of the carriage as Draeseth moved back toward the others. 

"I will insist they do." He smiled faintly. "Riding with Draeseth allowed me to help him make the orders to the guards clear and inform your servants that I had word sent ahead and made some arrangements for you along the way. It will not be as comfortable as traveling with Princes but it should be bearable." 

"Thank you, Burgath. Could I ask a favor of you?" Isonei glanced up at him as his brow furrowed. "Look after yourself and your brothers for me? Don't let Rogath court anyone who won't be good to the girls, and make sure Draeseth and Adareth don't spend too much time being miserable? I worry less about you and Ougath but..." 

A grin split his face. "I will. I may not even tease them about needing less coddling in your eyes than they do." 

Isonei laughed and nodded before teasing back, "If you don't like coddling you wouldn't want an Aran wife." 

He kissed her covered head before opening the carriage door and helping her inside. "Have a safe journey, Isonei." 

"Thank you, Burgath." She settled onto the seat as he closed the door, adjusting the bag and book slightly under her over-cloak. Halloc Aurim sat across from her and the young Brother Sarroth was seated to her left. Kamrus Olauth was in the far corner wearing an icy frown. 

"Thank you for joining us. I had begun to think we would need to rally the palace guard to get you into the carriage." 

"My apologies, Kamrus. The Princesses wanted to hear the end of a story I had been telling them and the Princes are all very dear men who have been like brothers to me. I feel very loved and grateful for such a warm-" 

The Kamrus made an annoyed sound and directed his attention out of the window. 

Brother Sarroth fidgeted and gave her a hopeful glance, "Perhaps you could tell us the story you told the Princesses? It may help the miles pass." 

"Of course. The Wretched Traveler is a favorite of mine and there are so many parts I can tell it from here to Gogmenos if you'd like." She glanced to Halloc Aurim for a moment and then asked the younger priest, "Do you speak Lerian?" 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei nearly talked herself hoarse by telling stories in Lerian until they stopped for a late lunch. They were a welcome distraction from the memory of the tearful goodbyes and the sour looks from the Kamrus that might otherwise have bothered her. Climbing out of the carriage she felt almost cheerful. 

Ximesra and Xagorath were laying out a blanket in the sun and she went to join them with a smile. 

"You seem in good spirits, Lady Isonei." Xagorath sat down on the blanket and began unpacking his basket. 

"I've been telling stories of The Wretched Traveler the entire way. I love them and they make the miles pass quickly." Isonei joined him and Ximesra dimpled at her, handing over a flask of cold tea for her to drink. 

"Our conversations have been less pleasant. The other two priests rode with us in the cart. They wanted to know your vices and temper." The Munian woman made a face. "They didn't like what they were told." 

Xagorath unfolded cloths with both dried fish and sweet batter cakes, "They expected to hear that you were bad-tempered, or drank a great deal." 

Frowning, Isonei tilted her head, "Why would they think that?" 

Brother Sarroth coughed politely and she turned slightly to look up at him. "Those under demonic influence have certain vices. Prince Draeseth suffered from some of them, there were rumors you also had fits of temper." 

"Please, sit." Isonei gestured at the space between herself and Ximesra. "House Ernelis is known to be hot-tempered on occasion and I have lost my temper several times since I've been in Torga. If you want to hear about my faults or missteps you can ask me. I won't lie about my behavior." 

"Master Krouth said you were an honest woman. He had only praise for you, all of the servants have had only praise for you." 

"They're very kind. I would imagine their Majesties and Kamrus Gillaugrim would have some less flattering things to say." 

"Kamrus Gillaugrim had concerns but you showed him a better side of yourself." Sarroth seated himself next to her with a bemused smile, "The Queen called you proud and aristocratic. His Majesty was less flattering." 

"Ungrateful is what he thinks me." Isonei frowned and inclined her head. "He was a generous and considerate host for most of my stay. I don't believe he understood what he was asking of me." 

"I do." Ximesra murmured before taking a piece of dried fish to nibble on. 

"No one can mistake you for ungrateful, Lady." Xagorath offered her one of the pieces of fish. "You thanked a servant at the Aran dinner. Knowing Arans, I doubt you remember making such a simple gesture but the man was awed. To be thanked would be uncommon, to be thanked in front of so many nobles for performing such a menial task is unheard of. I explained to him Arans are known for gratitude but most of the servants marveled at you." 

"They should marvel. She treated me as a companion and not a slave, and barely as a servant, not even the priests treated me that way and they say that all are equal in the eyes of Ganas." Ximesra gave Brother Sarroth a pointed look. 

The priest flushed and Isonei stopped nibbling on the spicy dried fish to interject, "I think they aspire to be better but fall short of what their God wants. It may be easier for Arans." 

Brother Sarroth opened his mouth and closed it, looking perplexed before he was able to voice his question, "Why would it be easier for Arans?" 

"Maeralya is the mother of all. The world, the Gods, all of the brothers and sisters of flesh and blood around us..." Isonei tilted her head, "We have layers to our society, the King, the waxing and waning Houses, servants, peasants, but we're taught that even the poorest peasant woman is the sister of a God. You must have respect and treat them well. Our Gods require us to be kind to each other and to rely on each other. 

"Ganas wants you to rely on him, and I understand why that would be comforting, but Torgans seem to lack the connection to each other that Arans have." She broke a piece off of her fish and offered it to him. 

Declining, he looked pensive. "Do the Munians share your religion?" 

Xagorath snorted, "No. But we benefit from it and we respect it as they respect ours." 

"I always liked hearing the stories of Mun. He's very clever." 

"He's wise." Ximesra dimpled at her, "Wise, firm, and fair." 

"Do you rely on him?" Brother Sarroth looked from Ximesra to Xagorath and back again. 

"No." Xagorath smiled bitterly, "He sometimes helps sailors lost at sea, but he expects us to look after each other. He will judge us when we die and look after us then, in accordance with our actions in life." 

The priest looked pensive as he rose. "Thank you. That helps me to understand something that had baffled me." 

Isonei looked at him curiously but before she could ask, he walked away to speak to Halloc Aurim. 

"I'll need the use of the kitchen in our next lodging to make tomorrow's lunch if we want more than bread and cheese." 

"Burgath said he made arrangements." Isonei brought her attention back at his words. 

"He told me." Xagorath nodded. "Tonight we stay at the home of Lord Morbaugh. His youngest son is a close friend of Prince Adareth's." 

"Anough, I remember him." 

"His Highness said we should be greeted warmly. The lodgings for tomorrow will be at one of the austere inns the priests favor." 

"I've stayed in one before. It was clean and the people were pleasant." 

He smiled faintly. "I hope this one is much the same." 

Finishing her piece of fish, she gave him a warm smile. "The fish is wonderful, Xagorath. The heat is perfect." 

His face split in a grin, "Don't offer it to the Torgans. It will burn their mouths." 

She opened her mouth to say that Halloc Aurim might enjoy it but closed it as a peculiar cart that looked more like a prison on wheels approached. Something that sounded like protests came from Brother Sarroth and Halloc Aurim but the Kamrus snapped at them sharply and the priests fell silent. Isonei looked to Xagorath with concern. 

"He accused them of being under your influence. The Kamrus intends to confine you." 

A feeling of weight settled on her shoulders and Isonei nodded slowly, "Be safe. If you need to leave to protect yourselves, I will understand." 

The Son of Mun rose and stalked toward the Kamrus where he stood speaking with the large, dour Torgans that had come with the cart. Xagorath interrupted and began to argue until one of the men stepped forward and struck him, knocking him to the ground. 

Isonei was moving toward them before she realized she'd stood up. The large Torgan shrank back as she approached. "What is the meaning of this Kamrus Olauth? My servants are not to be struck and they were commanded by Prince Draeseth to keep me safe." 

"He was not arguing for your safety, but for your comfort." The Kamrus offered one of his unnervingly thin smiles. "You could be no safer than in this carriage and we would all be safe from you." 

"The Lady's comfort was to be seen to." Taugh came to stand beside her as Ximesra tried to help her brother up from the ground. 

The Kamrus' hard eyes glinted. "Those so far under her demonic influence as to remain will ride in the protected carriage with her and be purified at the shrine." 

Taugh spoke coolly in Torgan and after the Kamrus replied he stepped away from Isonei. "I will inform the Princes." He helped Ximesra with her brother and half dragged the man to the cart they'd been riding in. 

Two of the Torgans clambered from the top of what the Kamrus had called a carriage and pulled open the heavy doors on the back of it and the two closest to the Kamrus drew weapons. 

"May you be repaid for every deed in kind." Isonei moved slowly to the open doors but hesitated as she looked inside. It was nothing more than a box. The only place to sit was on the dirty floor next to a filthy bucket and the ceiling looked too low to remain standing. 

A command was barked in Torgan and one of the men gestured with his blade. 

She looked for a way to step up gracefully and Ximesra pushed past. The Munian woman threw the blanket they'd sat on for lunch into the back and set Xagorath's basket inside before heaving herself in as well and reaching down for Isonei. 

"Thank you." Taking the woman's hand, she climbed in. The doors were closed so quickly that part of her ragged over-cloak was caught in them. 

"The guards won't defy the Kamrus if he says you're a demon, no matter what their Highnesses told them. But Taugh will go back to tell the Princes and he'll look after Xagorath. He promised." Ximesra sounded grim in the darkness. 

"We can hope he'll keep his word." She could hear the woman moving around. 

"Come away from the doors to sit, Isonei." 

"My cloak... it's caught." Isonei pulled at it and held still as Ximesra climbed over her feeling for the place it was caught. 

It sounded as if the cloth was being cut and she was able to follow the maid back to the other side of the box. 

"It was a gift from Krouth," Ximesra offered quietly. "He gave Xagorath a small knife so that my brother could defend you if he needed to. He kept it in the basket." 

The carriage lurched forward and Isonei leaned her head on the Munian woman. Getting her hopes up by speaking of Hesh-Caeridith would be cruel. If he wouldn't risk facing Draeseth, he wouldn't risk facing these guards. 

"We have a little food and a little tea left. I don't know if they intend to give us anything before we reach Gogmenos." The Munian maid sounded worried. 

Isonei rubbed her face and took a breath. She'd said her goodbyes. If there was no hope of going home there was no need to take food that would benefit Ximesra more. "You can have it, Ximesra. I won't eat-" 

"I came with you. You will eat. I'm not going to be beaten and bled for nothing," Ximesra snapped at her and Isonei suppressed a sudden, peculiar urge to laugh. 

"I didn't think of it that way, please forgive me. I didn't want to take food out of your mouth and I won't eat anything your brother didn't prepare. I don't trust them to give me clean food." 
