 Tremendous thanks to Nthusiastic for all her help with editing, beta reading, and for making great suggestions!

*****

The rooms Lislora had been kept in were certainly smaller and plainer than the ones Isonei had gotten used to, her clothes had less space and one chest had to be kept in her bedroom. Even so, it was a relief to be out of the other rooms; away from the watchful eye of Krouth she felt a little more relaxed, and smaller meant that they were easier to keep warm.

Once her things were settled and dinner had been served, Ximesra asked if Isonei still wanted to break the clasp of her necklace. The opportunity to keep her word to Daga Lothlaerith had taken so long to arrive she felt a little unsure, but there was a certain excitement to the thought.

The Munian woman showed her how to snap the simple, sturdy clasp by worrying it and twisting it. Her excitement lasted until the moment that it came apart in her hands; the burst of nervousness she felt immediately after it broke barely allowed her to sleep afterward.

Waking for prayers in the early morning after her nearly sleepless night was difficult, but at least she wasn't required to go to the Temple for them. Krouth came to her rooms and she struggled to stay awake as he read from the book of prayers he'd brought with him. He admonished her maid to help her dress and keep her awake as he left but Ximesra looked at her with a dubious frown and shooed her back into bed once he was gone.

Sleep came much more easily this time. She was having a dream about cleaning muck out of her father's house when she was woken by a kiss on her cheek and the feeling of someone climbing into bed with her.

Draeseth pulled her close, pressing his face to the back of her head. "Krouth said you seemed subdued during prayers."

"I didn't sleep well last night. Please don't tell him I went back to bed, he'll chide me, but I was just too tired."

He made an amused sound in his throat. "He came with me to make certain you were well and to see how much of your breakfast you had eaten." Kissing her hair he asked softly, "Why did you not sleep well?"

"I don't know..." Isonei could feel her stomach twist as she thought about the clasp and instead offered up her dream, "I had such strange dreams. I was trying to clean mud out of my father's house."

"Mud?" Draeseth let her turn to face him, "You dreamt of getting your hands dirty?" He started to smile.

"My whole dress was dirty!"

The Torgan laughed in his throat, "For you that would be a nightmare. Come, you should rise and wash, it will make you feel better."

Obediently, she let him help her out of bed. He escorted her to the washing room and left her to wait for Ximesra to bring water. The Munian woman bustled in after a short while with warm water and an amused expression.

"Kamrus Rimathe has come to see you and they're discussing some dreams you had that kept you awake? You dreamt of having to clean your father's house?"

"It was filled with mud and muck. No one made me, but it needed cleaning. There was just so much!"

Ximesra dimpled at her. "Prince Draeseth says you can't bear to get dirty."

Isonei gave her an exasperated look and began to wash in the basin.

"I'll bring your clothes to you, your Grace."

"Thank you."

The sound of voices was faint as she finished washing and waited with growing impatience for her clothes. Finally, her black dress and all that went with it was brought and Ximesra looked as though she were trying not to laugh.

"Ximesra?"

"They've decided that it might be good for you to do some cleaning."

Widening her eyes, Isonei opened her mouth and closed it again, sending Ximesra into a fit of giggles.

"Ig has been having similar dreams, and she begged them to let her clean at the Temple. They're going to have you do the same."

"How will I know what I'm supposed to do?!"

The Munian woman doubled over covering her mouth as she tried to compose herself and not laugh too loudly.

Krouth opened the door and looked at both of them before asking an annoyed sounding question. Ximesra answered between bouts of giggles and he pinched the bridge of his nose before barking a command that wiped the amusement from her face and sent her scurrying.

"Forgive her, your Grace. You are not going to be sent to clean the Temple. It will be more of a symbolic task than a dirty or difficult one."

"There's nothing to forgive, Krouth. She didn't offend me." Isonei hesitated, "I don't think I've ever cleaned anything. I can put my own hairpins away and keep my dresses off of the floor but..." She saw the way his lips twitched before he composed his face. "I don't think I know how."

"Someone will show you what to do, your Grace." He inclined his head and left her to dress.

Hurriedly, she put on her clothes and fastened the ragged black over-cloak. When she stepped out, Ximesra ushered her back into the bedroom and put her hair up, covering it entirely in the cloth that matched her over-cloak.

Rimathe was waiting next to a filled breakfast table with a patient smile. "Prince Draeseth was required to attend his father. I do have his permission to take you to the Temple as long as I promise to keep a close eye on you. I think he calmed when he saw how well we took care of you during your... illness."

"I'm very grateful for the kindness that was extended to me." Isonei gave him a small smile as she took her seat and began to put food on her plate, "Would you like to join me?"

"My brother, Aurim, says that you can sometimes be less than gracious with food, I haven't noticed that."

"It's true. Sometimes I can be greedy with my favorite foods. The stuffed onions Draeseth had made for me in the Kroscur were one of those. Halloc Aurim said they tasted like his mother's and they were so delicious, I hated having to share them."

Kamrus Rimathe laughed and nodded with a grin, "He always hated sharing them as well. Mother used to make a plate just for him."

"May I ask a very personal question?"

"Of course." He glanced at her as he filled his own plate.

"Why did she give you a Lerian name and your brother a Torgan name?"

"Ah. The tradition in the Dalcur is to give the more Torgan appearing boys Torgan names. It makes their lives easier if they don't have to explain why they have a Lerian name."

"If Torgans like Aran names they should like Lerian names. The sound at the end is just a little more firm, I would think they would like that."

A mirthless laugh escaped him, "Arans haven't been crossing the border and marrying their women. The interest in Aran names has still been largely from the nobility, but... there have been nearly a dozen boys born in the city since your speech, Duchess, and every one of them has been given an Aran name. One girl was named Sonei."

"That's incredibly flattering." She gave him a warm smile before taking a bite of fruit. "You keep track of the children's names?"

"By custom, children are brought to the Temple shortly after birth to be blessed and their names are spoken aloud by the priest who gives the blessing before it is written in the records."

"The priestesses of Maeralya keep records in Ara. They speak them aloud as well, our mother likes hearing our names. She and Ganas have that in common."

His look of amused exasperation almost drew a laugh out of her. "I can see it will take as much patience and care to reclaim you as it does a Lerian. I would suggest you spend more time with Hodrim but I need to speak to you about him as well."

"I don't know if I like the sound of that." She tilted her head and began to push her plate away.

"Eat, Duchess. Do all Arans have such nervous stomachs?"

"I never thought we did, but considering the very famous story of my kinsmen starving themselves to death here, perhaps we do." Isonei gave him a wry glance as she prodded her food. "What do you need to say about my dear Hodrim?"

"When the Kamruses gather, aspiring young priests and pupils often try to gain notice. Hodrim has done so by not trying at all. He is showing himself to be intelligent, devout, and some, hearing how you dote on the boy, think your actions may have been influenced by him." He made an apologetic grimace, "Some of the Kamruses have difficulty believing an Aran woman could be as moral and respectable as your reputation suggests."

"If it reflects well on Hodrim I won't argue it, but I think they would be pleasantly surprised if they traveled to Ara."

His lips twisted and his green eyes sparkled, "Perhaps. But as I was saying, he has been noticed. More than one Kamrus, including myself, has offered to give him a place among their attendants. He would be afforded many opportunities an orphan might not otherwise be given. Young attendants are put on a more direct path and trained to be Hallocs, a very few become Kamruses themselves in the fullness of time."

Isonei stared at her plate barely remembering to breathe and trying to swallow the lump forming in her throat.

Rimathe spoke softly, "When I spoke to him, he confided that he wished to have your permission."

"I... May I speak to him?"

"Of course. But first, you should eat more."

"I can't." She took a deep breath. "I need to speak to Hodrim, my stomach won't settle until I do."

"Why does the thought of him becoming an attendant upset you?"

"He would have to leave me. I..." The thought of never seeing him again brought tears to her eyes and closed her throat.

"You wouldn't be losing him, Duchess. You would be giving him an opportunity that few ever have. I'm certain he would write to you."

Wiping her eyes, she nodded and made the effort to calm. "I need to speak to him and find out what he wants. If he's sure, then I'll give him my permission." A thought occurred to her, "Ximesra?"

"Your Grace?"

"Would you please bring me my red and silver ring, a small piece of paper, and a pen?" As the maid hurried away she looked back to Rimathe, "If he chooses to go, I want to have a gift for him. I don't know if Krouth ever found a puzzle box for him."

"I did, your Grace." Krouth's voice startled her and she turned to look at him. "I have not yet given it to him. It was made by the toymaker who makes things for the Princesses. He was very pleased to be given a job that required cleverness."

"Thank you, Krouth! Did he show you how to open it?" Isonei gave him a small smile.

"Of course. Would you like me to fetch it?"

"Please."

Ximesra returned with the ring box and placed it in front of Isonei before going to the small study to fetch the paper and pen. Opening it, Isonei took out the ring and the note from her father. "I'll keep the note, but Hodrim can have my ring."

The Kamrus held out his hand and looked at the ring with a solemn expression as she gave it to him. "A very rich gift." He held out his hand again for the note.

"Do you read informal Aran?"

"I've been learning." The way he studied the simple note made her want to tease him but she refrained.

"It was a gift from my father; when a child comes of age they're permitted to wear jewelry. A ring is the traditional first gift in our House."

He smiled faintly, "I would suggest you keep this for your daughter, but a show of favor this extravagant for an orphan would improve his standing in the eyes of the nobility. We have a saying, 'Pror tsvounst un.' 'Blood will tell.' They will suspect him to be a child of high birth in low circumstances."

Once the paper and pen with its inkwell were placed in front of her, she nearly began writing before realizing, "If I write my note in Aran or Lerian he won't be able to read it."

"I have no doubt he will learn, Duchess." Rimathe looked amused as she put the pen to paper again.

She kept the note short, "Dearest Hodrim, you are loved. This ring was the first piece of jewelry I was ever given. When my father gave it to me, he wished for me to have all of the joy as a woman he'd tried to give me as a child. I wish the same joy for you, my little love." Signing it with her name and full title felt peculiar, but she wasn't sure how else to do it. Hesitating for a moment, she wrote 'Alma' instead.

Krouth returned with the puzzle box and showed her the cunning way it opened. It would take Hodrim some time to figure it out if no one showed him. The slim servant fetched the setting powder for the ink before he allowed her to put the note and ring in the box. It gave him a chance to read it and he spoke quietly in Torgan to Kamrus Rimathe as she was permitted to place the items inside.

Clearing his throat, Krouth inquired gently, "Alma?"

"When I was a child, I called my father 'Atha' and my mothers were 'Alma'." She had to swallow the lump again and wipe at her eyes.

"You should give him the ring and note separately from the box, your Grace."

"Agreed." Rimathe removed them from the puzzle box and placed them into the jewelry box.

His prompt agreement made her look at him with annoyance, "You speak Aran!"

"I don't speak it." His face broke into a mischievous grin, "You were told that I understand a few words."

Isonei opened her mouth to tell him he was as bad as Daga Lothlaerith but caught herself. Instead, she huffed, "The Lerian language tricks the tongue but I think Torgans may be more devious."

The Kamrus began to laugh, leaning back in his chair. Krouth smoothly interjected, "Clever, your Grace, we prefer clever."

°°°°°°°°°°

At the Temple, Isonei was allowed to visit the separate section that housed the school. The boys all wore robes reminiscent of the priests who were instructing them but in a shade of dark grey instead of brown. Hodrim was in a room with four other boys learning to write Aran numbers as they entered.

The priest instructing them gave them a very sour look until he recognized the Kamrus. Even then he didn't look pleased and spoke firmly to the boys what seemed like a command to continue with their work.

 

"Duchess, you may wish to offer an apology for disturbing their class and ask politely if Hodrim might be excused." Kamrus Rimathe gave her a look that seemed almost mischievous and she inclined her head.

"Of course." Switching back to Aran she directed a bright smile at the instructor, "Please forgive the intrusion, and I do promise I won't make a habit of it, but could my Hodrim be excused? I need to speak with him and I feel it's important enough to disturb his studies."

Blinking the priest looked from her to the Kamrus and back again, "And you are?"

"I am Isonei of House Ernelis, daughter of Liadith, and Duchess of Kroscur."

His eyes shot back to the Kamrus looking almost panicked as he asked something in Torgan. Krouth answered frostily and Hodrim rose from his seat giving her a nervous glance, as he said something as well.

"Brother Hagrom is baffled that you would come yourself to fetch the child," Kamrus Rimathe's tone sounded much frostier than usual.

"He used a less flattering word for him, your Grace."

Isonei gave Brother Hagrom a silent, gelid stare until he sputtered something in Torgan and Krouth gave an answer that was either proud or smug, she couldn't tell which. The priest bowed deeply.

"Please correct me if I'm wrong, but you're being entrusted with the care and teaching of these precious and impressionable children, Brother Hagrom? How can you expect them to excel in their studies if you treat them poorly? If you insult my Hodrim again I will not hesitate to speak to any and every Kamrus who will listen to me of your poor behavior. Whether these children are loved as deeply as my Hodrim is or not, they should all be treated with respect and gentleness."

"Yes, your Grace." Hagrom's eyes were pinned to the floor as he remained bowed.

Taking a deep breath she spoke more gently, "I can be sharp on matters that are close to my heart. Please..."

He straightened and inclined his head giving another nervous glance to the Kamrus. "You wish to speak with the child privately?"

"Yes, please."

"He is asking if one of us will be with you, your Grace." Krouth volunteered. "Hodrim does not require a chaperone with his adoptive mother, but you do require a translator."

"Unfortunately, I do. I hope at some point Draeseth may relent and allow me to learn Torgan."

"As do we all, your Grace."

Brother Hagrom sounded almost cordial as he spoke to Hodrim, gesturing for the boy to go with her.

Kamrus Rimathe led them to a currently unused room with a small table and said something to Krouth quietly before leaving. Hodrim looked at her curiously.

"Kamrus Rimathe said you've been... offered some wonderful opportunities."

He looked a little sheepish as he answered through Krouth, "Three of the Kamruses have offered places in their service. No other boy has had so many offers."

"But you haven't accepted any?" She smoothed his hair.

"No." Hodrim fidgeted and his words came out in a rush. Krouth had to speak soothingly to him for a moment before he could translate.

"He worries that you need him, your Grace. You were so hurt by your loss he does not want to leave until you are less fragile. After all of your kindness, he feels he owes you that."

Isonei closed her eyes and exhaled. "Oh, my little love." Opening them, she reached out and touched his face, "The only thing I would ever ask of you is to grow into a good man with a joyful heart. I want the best for you, my dearest Hodrim, if that means you have to leave me... I can be-" She stopped and swallowed the lump in her throat, blinking back her tears. "I can be glad for you and still miss you. As long as this is what's best for you and as long as you're happy, it won't shatter my heart like the other loss."

Krouth relayed her words in a gentle tone and the boy seemed to relax somewhat.

"Do you want to go? Are any of the Kamruses kind enough to be suitable? I wouldn't want you to go with anyone who might try to take that out of you."

Hodrim gave her a look of exasperation but she thought she saw some amusement in his eyes as Krouth translated what sounded like a gently chiding response. "The question is if he is suitable for a Kamrus, not the other way around, your Grace."

"I disagree." She gave a delicate shrug. "I know my Hodrim is very worthy and very devoted, I don't think it's too much to ask that the Kamrus he's entrusted to be all of that as well as kind."

Her words were put into Torgan and Hodrim tilted his head. His reply to Krouth was long and seemed hesitant.

"Master Hodrim says most of the boys think he will stay with Kamrus Gillaugrim, but the man reminds him strongly of Prince Draeseth and he fears his temper. Kamrus Olauth has a stern reputation but the shrine at Gogmenos is a sought-after place to be an attendant. He seems cold and distant, but Kamruses are not known for warmth. Kamrus Rimathe was the first to ask, but he is not like the others, and the boys do not think as highly of him. He was advised by an older boy not to choose him."

"You should do what you think is right, but I have to ask, why is Gogmenos a sought-after place? Do the boys who want to go there want the same things as you do?"

The boy looked thoughtful and after a moment asked through Krouth, "This is what you needed to speak about urgently?"

"Yes and no, my little love." Isonei could feel her insides twisting, it would be unfair to put her worries on him so she tried to smile. "I have something for you."
