 Many thanks to Nthusiastic for her help with editing, beta reading, and making good suggestions! 

***** 

After a day of resting and spending time with Onsh-Velarith, and a night spent in deep blissful sleep, Isonei found herself feeling restless before breakfast. She'd gotten in the habit of waking early in Torga and had already washed and soaked. Dressed in a warm, dark brown, Lerian winter gown that had been altered for her, Isonei rang for a maid to fasten the back and considered venturing out of her rooms to find Ximesra and Xagorath. 

Before she made a decision the door opened and servants brought in a warm breakfast, and the maid, who had attended her the day before, came to help her finish dressing. 

"Do you always rise so early, Lady Isonei?" The maid, Miry, braided her hair in Lerian fishtail braids and pinned it in place. 

"I was expected to wake for the early prayers in Torga. I think I enjoy rising early enough for a good soak, though. I may keep the habit. Are Ximesra and Xagorath awake yet?" 

"I don't think so, but they've barely summoned the servants for anything." 

"I think they're trying to be considerate and not trouble anyone." 

Miry smiled at her in the mirror, "They're very tidy." 

"When they ask for breakfast, would you inquire if they'd like to visit with me today?" 

"Why don't you go out into the gardens? We can put the cushions out on the benches, and blankets if you think you'll be cold, Lady." 

"That would be lovely. Thank you for the suggestion, Miry." 

"You're very welcome, Lady Isonei." 

Following the maid out to the main room, she practiced sinking into the sitting position Onsh had shown her and began to fill her plate. Before she could take a bite of any of the small filled rolls a knock came at her door. It gave her the opportunity to practice rising again as she moved to answer it. 

Daga Velarith stood on the other side with an amused smile, "You rise as early as a Daga. Would you like company for breakfast?" 

She laughed and opened the door wide, "Please. It would be an honor." 

He glanced down the corridor and she heard servants bustling away. "They will bring more for us. I had the rolls they prefer in the south made for you, but perhaps you might enjoy tasting some of the more traditional food from my forest." 

"I would enjoy that tremendously." Looking to the door thoughtfully, she tilted her head, "I'm not taking you away from breakfast with your sons, am I?" 

"They're still sleeping, my sons have never risen early. I haven't enjoyed company for breakfast since I last entertained a Daga." Sitting in her place, he passed the already filled plate to her as she sank onto a cushion. "Visits have become few, my sons have earned reputations for unpleasantness." 

"Onsh-Velarith has been very sweet since I arrived. I've enjoyed his company when I've been awake." Isonei gave the Daga a slightly impish smile, "And in his defense, some people used to tease him about coming from the dark of the northern forest." 

The Daga's eyes narrowed slightly but he couldn't seem to help returning her smile, "You?" 

"No, my father always had good things to say about forests. The honey is rich and the trees keep you warm in the winter and cool in the summer. But I never discouraged the teasing when I heard it. I should have." 

"He said he was unkind..." He paused as the servants brought in a tiered tray of what looked like the spicy egg pockets she'd had at the inn months before and a selection of things that looked like tarts encrusted in nuts. When they were alone again he continued, "You can't be expected to defend someone who is unkind to you." 

"They would needle him and he would be unkind to me. If I had made the effort he might have been kinder." 

"Perhaps. But you have been absent for years, daughter of Liadith and his reputation has not improved. I will ask, however, the next time his reputation is mentioned to me, if the children of the Daga 'needling' me have 'needled' my son." 

"I'll do what I can to help improve his reputation, it's the least I can do to repay your kindness. You allowed goods to be smuggled through to Torga?" 

"I did. It gave the spies a reason to be there and they were welcomed. Some with Lerian blood on the other side assisted, I was told. The man who was compelled to impersonate your Daga's messenger gave Hesh-Caeridith introductions to servants in the royal household and did all he could to right that wrong." 

"But won't that put you and your lands at risk? The Torgans think they can smuggle things through here now. They may think it's vulnerable." 

"If they try they'll find an unpleasant surprise waiting. If they make it past the wall, my people know these paths and my forest better than any Torgan could ever hope to, and all of my people hunt, even the daughters are taught. Every house has boar spears and bows, some have bear pikes." He filled his plate with a proud smile. 

"I've seen Torgans fight, Daga Velarith, they were terrifying. Please don't underestimate them. They're far from stupid and well armored. Linen beneath chain, chain beneath plate." 

He looked at her speculatively for a moment and then inclined his head, "I do not take the threat of Torgans lightly, but while I believe my defenses are strong enough, I will make doubly certain. My people would have difficulty with armored Torgans." 

"Anyone would." She had to force herself to nibble on one of the rolls from her plate. 

"We should lighten the conversation. Meals should be pleasant. Though," he gave her a rueful smile, "I had wished to ask how the book became so singed, and I do appreciate your warning." 

"It isn't a very pleasant story, but I'm enormously grateful to Daga Caeridith for giving me the book. It's priceless and it was a comfort to receive. I think he'll be pleased to hear that it saved me." Her appetite began to return as she relayed the story from the time the priests discovered the book was protected to her use of it to open the carriage. The Daga listened raptly without interrupting, though at times his dark green eyes brightened and shot through with a lighter green the color of his mantle. 

"Hesh-Caeridith redeemed himself. His father can be proud." 

"Yes. I need to at least write a thank you note, but it seems so inadequate..." 

Daga Velarith laughed and gave her a doting smile, "If you tell him the story of how his son and his gift freed you from the prison the Torgan priests put you in, you'll have given him a gift beyond measure." 

"Were you able to repair any of the damage to the book?" 

"Some of the singeing has been removed and the protections are in place once more. It should be kept in the crypts of your Daga's house." 

"I might stay in the crypts for a few days when I get home to Liadith, myself. I'll need to go home to Ara too, but I think I'll wait until my father comes to fetch me." 

"Your Daga should be here this evening if he left immediately. I sent a message to him once you arrived safely at my house. If he was delayed it may be tomorrow before he arrives." 

"Are you so close to us?" Isonei tilted her head and he laughed, waving his hand. 

"Your Daga has been making frequent trips to Oyeth Lothlaeri. He was there waiting for one of your Aran brothers to return from Torga with news." 

"Yornaith of House Iarmaris. He argued on my behalf at the Arrangement discussions when Lislora and Draeseth made theirs and helped keep me from being pressed into a second Arrangement with Draeseth. I wasn't permitted to see him again afterward. King Orgath was not pleased." 

"Did this Draeseth take out his displeasure on you?" Daga Velarith's dark green eyes were shot through with a paler shade and the effect was slightly unnerving. 

"No, he... not for that. Draeseth was inexperienced with love and he wasn't raised well. I can forgive him his faults. He released me from the first Arrangement because I told him I needed him to. There is a good heart in him, but he needs to learn that his father is not someone he should emulate. Lislora brings out the best in him, somehow I brought out the worst, I think." Isonei gave him a small smile. 

"At the end, Draeseth was showing himself to be a better man. That it took months of making me miserable for him to do so..." She shrugged slightly, "It wasn't all terrible, and he did try to protect me from his father and the Kamrus." 

"I cannot understand why Liadith allowed you to go with him." The Daga sighed. "Come, the garden is lovely in the morning. I would enjoy sitting with the daughter of Liadith." 

Rising as gracefully as she could, Isonei took his hand and allowed him to lead the way. "He allowed it because I had given my word. It means a great deal to an Aran. We have our traditions as you do here. My Daga loves me and respects me enough to respect my traditions." She glanced up and saw him mulling her words, "He didn't make the wrong decision, but that doesn't mean I made the right one in giving my word." 

The Daga's eyes began to sparkle. "He told me once that Arans complicate everything. I see why he would think that." 

"He also says I'm more sweet than sensible and that I'm difficult, both are true." She made a face and he laughed, squeezing her hand. 

"Perhaps after you've spent some time at home you'll consider coming back. Onsh-Velarith is still looking for a match." 

"I promised Daga Lothlaerith I would have my Daga offer me to him first. He'll need to be patient. I need to let my heart heal before I can give him the chance he deserves." 

"If he can't be patient or you are not well-suited, consider Onsh-Velarith." 

"I would be glad to." Isonei inclined her head with amusement. If Daga Lothlaerith could be patient there would be no need to consider anyone else, she felt somehow certain of that. 

The morning air was brisk but it smelled earthy and clean. In the garden, there was the faint sweet smell of some of the Daga's first blooming flowers. Isonei settled onto the cushioned bench with Daga Velarith, murmuring her thanks to a servant who shook out a blanket and draped it over her. 

They sat together in silence for a few long moments as she watched the way the sunlight shifted under the trees before she spoke. "Your garden is so lovely. The trees in Torga are barely beginning to bud." 

"I rarely come out in the mornings. My Stykia enjoyed it tremendously, she would sometimes entice me out for a long breakfast." 

"Stykia? That's a very striking name." 

He laughed and shifted on the cushions getting more comfortable. "I thought it sounded prickly when I first heard it. I didn't have high hopes for the match on her arrival but then she came to dinner in a dress the color of flames on a dark night... Have you seen the color of Daga Azlimith's mantle?" 

"I haven't had the pleasure." 

"She was the most beautiful creature I'd ever seen. Daga Azlimith lives by the sea on the westernmost coast of Leria. Her home was rocky and smelled of the sea, my trees fascinated her. I spent hours walking in the forest with her as she made her decision." 

"And hours walking with her afterward I would hope." She turned her head to give him an impish smile and he laughed, leaning to kiss her head. 

"Yes. My duties kept me from walking with her as often as I would have liked, but I made certain we went as often as we could. I still walk with my sons on occasion." 

"You should spend more time in your garden, Daga Velarith. It's too lovely not to enjoy." 

The Daga beamed and his green eyes looked as if they were lit from within as Isonei smiled up at him. "Perhaps I'll have lunch served in the garden today." 

"That sounds wonderful." 

Settling into a comfortable silence, she let the dancing light mesmerize her, and her mind wandered to the dreams she'd had. The one of the water she'd been in looking up... she'd felt warm and safe like this. It took a moment to register that there were voices and she brought her attention back, putting on a smile. 

Onsh and Rath-Velarith had come to occupy one of the other benches and Ximesra and Xagorath were standing, looking at her peculiarly. 

"Isonei?" 

"I was lost in my thoughts for a moment..." 

"Please join us." Daga Velarith gestured to the other bench. "What distracts you, daughter of Liadith?" 

Shaking her head, Isonei opened her mouth to gently dismiss the subject but Ximesra spoke first. "They didn't look like happy thoughts." 

"They weren't unhappy..." A glance to Onsh-Velarith's intently curious frown told her she wouldn't be able to dismiss the subject. "It was the light. It reminded me of a dream I had, the dancing green light filtering down through the water." 

Xagorath took a seat on the bench and held out his hand to his sister, "You were drowning?" 

"No, not at all. I was safe and warm looking up at it." 

"Sitting next to a Daga and watching the light under the trees brings it to mind?" Daga Velarith turned her gently until she was looking up at him. 

"It was... a similar feeling. I can't..." She gave him a genuine smile as he kissed her forehead. 

"You were nearly lost, daughter of Liadith. I had not realized you were so close to death." 

"The priests called it a miracle," Ximesra spoke up quietly. "They were certain nothing more could be done. They said Kresh hadn't just poisoned her she'd tried to drown her in the poison. And then, suddenly, Isonei started to breathe easier and her color improved. It was still days before she woke but," the Munian woman took a breath, "no one had expected it." 

Rath-Velarith leaned forward and put a hand on his brother's leg, "Was the water clear?" 

"No, not-not really. It wasn't like the Sea of Glass but..." 

"Like the deep sea?" Xagorath asked thoughtfully. "Out where it isn't clear and it isn't cloudy? There's just so much it seems hazy?" 

"I haven't been out on the deep sea, but that sounds right. It wasn't clear and it wasn't exactly cloudy. The light filtered down so beautifully." 

"You rose toward the light?" The Daga asked gently. 

"Yes." Isonei looked into the middle distance and took a deep breath, remembering. 

"You were not joyful?" He frowned slightly. 

"I felt... I felt disappointed. I wanted to stay in the water where it was warm and safe." 

His face softened and he kissed her head again, pressing his lips to it for what felt like an oddly long time. "Someday you will go back into the water, child. Your journey home should be made as comfortable as possible. I would have you rest here until you have regained some strength." 

"The sea air might be better." Xagorath frowned and inclined his head apologetically. "The Sea of Glass is known for improving the health of those who visit." 

Isonei couldn't help but laugh at the Daga's irritated look. His face pinched just like his sons' when they were provoked. "I wish I had my sister's sketches of Eshho, Daga Velarith. I think you'd enjoy them. It's a beautiful place." 

The Daga's lips twisted wryly, "My match said the sea was lovely, I have no doubt of that. My annoyance is that he wishes to hurry a gracious guest out of my home." 

"The Sons of Mun never leave their islands for long, Daga Velarith. They've been kept from home for too long already." She gave Xagorath a faint smile. "Do you want to tell him about the dream you had? Ximesra mentioned it to me in the box." 

Xagorath's face softened into a smile as he reached out for his sister's hand again. "I doubt he would want to hear it." 

"Please." Daga Velarith relaxed onto the cushions, "Dreams can be very meaningful." 

"The night before I met Isonei-" 

"I thought it was the night after?" Ximesra interrupted him. 

"No, the night before. I had a dream that you and I were on a ship and the sea was still and black. The sky was clouded, and there was no wind, the sails hung limp. And then the clouds broke and the stars were shining down, and one became very bright. It shone down silver, almost as bright as the moon and the ship turned itself toward it. The sails filled and the silver star guided our ship home. Everyone was waiting on the dock for us..." He brought himself out of the memory with a bitter smile. "When I saw Isonei in the market of Evenos, with her silver hair and grey cloak, I had a feeling I needed to approach her. I asked if she was a star that had fallen from the heavens and Prince Draeseth nearly attacked me in the street." 

"I never knew the town was named Evenos, he never told me what it was called. He never told me what you asked either." Isonei returned his smile ruefully. "You're lucky he didn't hurt you." 

"It was the only thing I could think to say. He was going to put you on the cart and I would have lost my chance." 

"It occurs to me that you didn't speak Aran when we first met." She tilted her head and he laughed. 

"I traded information and a little glass work for a few lessons. Aran is very close to our tongue, it isn't difficult to speak, but the writing is-" 

Onsh and Rath-Velarith broke into laughter cutting him off and Isonei made a face at them. "I don't know why people have such a difficult time with it." 

"You could never master Lerian-" Onsh started to tease and then caught himself, looking to his father with an apologetic dip of his head. 

"That's because Lerian is difficult. It tries to trip your tongue! If you can speak and read a tricky language like Lerian, Aran should be easy." Isonei fluttered her lashes. 

The Daga laughed and rubbed her arm. "You seemed to have mastered it when we spoke earlier." 

"I have. I had some terrible fever dreams in Torga and when I woke, it flowed. I haven't tried to read much, though writing it felt easier." 

"I would like to hear about those dreams as well, child." His smile faded. Glancing up he seemed to notice something and made a slight inclination of his head. "Perhaps after lunch. It will be served in the garden today," he looked to Xagorath and Ximesra, "I hope you will join us." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei winced, covering her face as Ximesra told the Daga about the time Draeseth had punched the bed. Every time she'd tried to paint the Torgan in a more positive light the Munian woman had mentioned another incident, some of which Ximesra had seen for herself and some of which had been relayed to her. 

"I don't know why she tries to make him seem like a better man. He was terrifying," Ximesra's tone was almost reproachful. 

"Daughters of Liadith see the best in others. I have no doubt he was terrifying," Daga Velarith reached out and squeezed Isonei's hand. "As I have no doubt, he is not entirely unredeemable." 

"I wouldn't be so sure, Daga Velarith. She isn't the best judge of character." Ximesra gave her an apologetic glance. 

"You should not disparage her judgment," Onsh-Velarith spoke in a sharp tone that Isonei remembered from years past. "It is why you are welcomed." 

"Indeed," the Daga's voice sounded as frigid as the wind in Torga. 

"Please..." Isonei placed a hand on top of the Daga's but kept her head bowed. "She isn't wrong. I have-I have doubts of..." 

"You may have made mistakes, daughter of Liadith, but I would trust your judgment of any man's character." 
