 My thanks to Nthusiastic for her help in editing, beta reading, and generally helping me get these out decently and as quickly as possible!

*****

"My father said he rounded the corner with Lord Eliorith and Lord Daroth just as she was pushing poor Delmuth into the fountain." Yornaith sat back throwing his hands in the air as he finished a story of her misdeeds as a child.

The Torgans broke into laughter.

"In my defense!" Isonei half covered her face trying not to laugh. "He kissed me and I wasn't expecting it, and I did help him out of the fountain!"

"What did Lord Daroth say?" Rogath was grinning broadly.

"He asked Delmuth, 'What did you do to the poor girl?'" Isonei had to stop and wait for the Torgans to stop laughing again. "Delmuth had a wonderful sense of humor about the whole thing. House Caldis are still dear friends." 

The door opened and Adareth came in bowing stiffly to his father.

"You have missed introductions and talk of the little Duchess as a girl, Adareth, what could keep you so long?" King Orgath sounded cordial but his smile was frosty.

"My hand needed to be wrapped and I was required to calm myself before I joined you." He inclined his head to Isonei. "I lost my temper with my over fortunate brother, but he will be more considerate of you in the future."

Before Isonei could say anything a sour looking Draeseth entered the dining room with Lislora at his side to bow to the King. His face was bruised and his lip split.

"Draeseth!" Isonei was out of her seat and moving to his side without thinking. 

The large Prince stooped to let her touch his face and brush his hair back, making a soft sound in his throat. "I deserved the blows, my jewel. Adareth was right to be angry."

"I asked to be alone."

"I have left you to bear all of your pain alone. I should not have." Stroking her cheek with his thumb he gave her a stern frown, that made her wince as it pulled at his lip. "Do not chide Adareth."

"If you feel you deserved the blows I won't chide him for striking you, even though I disagree. But someone should scold him for hitting you in the face."

Draeseth made an amused sound in his throat and lifted his head to address Adareth, "In the future, brother, if you are compelled to beat sense into me, my gentle Duchess asks that you not strike my face."

"You can ignore it anywhere else." Adareth smiled faintly.

"Your blows were solid. I can teach you where to hit a man that he cannot ignore." Draeseth extended his arm to Adareth. 

The younger Prince looked surprised but clasped it as Rogath had done after the sparring match. "I would enjoy that."

"Now that all of my sons are here, we can begin the meal." King Orgath took hold of the Queen's hand with a faint smile. "I will allow you to complete the introductions, little Duchess."

"Adareth, Draeseth, allow me to introduce my eldest brother, Yornaith of House Iarmaris. Yornaith, this is Prince Adareth, whom I've borrowed as the younger brother everyone refused to let me have." She paused as there were chuckles from around the table and Adareth gave her a look of amused annoyance, "And this is Prince Draeseth, the beautiful Beast of Kroscur. Though he is slightly less pretty today."

Draeseth made a loud amused sound in his throat as he pulled her closer against his side. "My wife has spoken warmly of you, Yornaith. You made a ladder for her to climb down and visit her sisters?"

"I did. Her father kept her in the room next to his and she wasn't allowed to come down to visit with them after he sent her to bed. Lord Eliorith always sent her early because she was so sour in the mornings." Yornaith looked around in surprise as the Torgans broke into laughter.

"They've noticed." Isonei made a face and noticed Lislora moving hesitantly toward the door. "I haven't forgotten to introduce you, Lislora. I promise. In a room full of charming Princes to jest with I can be easily distracted."

Releasing her, Draeseth herded both women toward the table, "I will introduce my second Duchess. Yornaith of House Iarmaris, this is Lady Lislora. She will be agreeing to an Arrangement with us soon."

"I wasn't aware that Torgans made Arrangements as well." Yornaith inclined his head politely to Lislora.

"We are the first." Draeseth nodded slightly as he took the seat between Isonei and Lislora.

"If trade can be reopened they may not be the last, the little Duchess has been enchanting all of Torga with her manner. More than one wife could become the fashion. But I doubt we could tolerate them having more than one husband." 

The first plates were brought, artichokes filled with a creamy sauce and, over the top, a sprinkling of nuts, that had been sliced incredibly thin, in the golden, cheesy crust.

Yornaith tasted it and gave the King an approving look, "You have an Aran cook?" 

"He comes from Mun. The little Duchess has had only praise for the man, and he can adapt Aran foods to the Torgan palate skillfully."

Isonei nodded at the King's words and added, "Xagorath even made Torgan manirel. It has less heat and uses the Torgan spices they prefer."

"Sons of Mun trade in spices, I'm not surprised they've learned to be skillful with them." Yornaith inclined his head. "They rarely leave their islands for long. How did you convince two from Mun to stay?"

"They came to Torga as slaves," Draeseth took hold of her hand as he answered Yornaith's question. "They have been freed, but they stay for my Duchess. I find them as loyal as Arans."

"A more pleasant topic should be found." King Orgath gave Isonei a slightly sour look. "I have no doubt he will hear about the Duchess and her loyalty-inspiring ways at length during his stay."

"We could discuss the gifts he brought his sister." Burgath suggested wryly, "He was telling her of them in the garden."

"He can give them at the end of the meal." Draeseth gave his brother a black look. 

Isonei rubbed his thigh with a frown. If he was sour about her brother bringing gifts perhaps she could reassure him with a reminder of the gifts he'd given her. "Discussing gifts wouldn't be a bad idea, my flower wine. I'm eager to tell him about the lovely things you've given me."

Draeseth made a pleased sound in his throat, "You may show him later."

"Show him the gift your wife gave you." Burgath lifted his glass. "The knife she had made for you is beautiful."

She felt the large Torgan's thigh stiffen under her hand and watched his jaw clench. Draeseth said something in Torgan that sounded profoundly displeased and Isonei rubbed his thigh again before realizing eyes were shifting to Lislora.

The Torgan woman stared at her plate looking vaguely ill.

"He said it was damaged and he now carries his second blade." Yornaith murmured to her.

"Damaged?"

"The stone broke." Draeseth gave her an apologetic look.

Isonei opened her mouth to protest that he'd been so careful with it, leaving it behind when he went to fight, when it occurred to her the damage might have been deliberate. The way she'd broken the clasp of the carcanet came to mind. Instead, she swallowed her words and tried to volunteer something to ease the glares directed at Lislora. "The stone might have been better suited for jewelry."

"It can be replaced." Draeseth looked relieved and lifted her hand to his lips. 

"A Torgan woman would be incensed." The Queen's sharp tones brought a wry smile to Draeseth's face.

"My Aran wife is the most gentle creature I have ever known. Her disappointment is what I fear, not her anger."

Choosing to lighten the mood, Isonei leaned toward him slightly and whispered loudly, "If only because I would find it difficult to push you into a fountain."

Barking a laugh as his brothers chuckled, Draeseth turned her face to press his own against it, "Woman..." He lifted his head, "I am a fortunate man. I have one wife to love me gently and without complaint, and one to love me jealously. It is no longer difficult for me to understand why Arans would have more than one wife. Choosing between them would be unbearable."

"It isn't fair to them to have them in the same place. They should have your undivided attention when they spend time with you." Yornaith took a drink of his wine with a carefully neutral expression. "In an Arrangement, they take separate halves of the year."

"I have been hesitant to discuss it with Isonei. The thought is foreign to me." Lislora spoke up with grim resignation, "But it will be done soon."

"Perhaps another tale of the little Duchess as a child will lighten the mood." King Orgath brought an end to the conversation. "She eats poorly when the conversation is heavy."

Yornaith inclined his head, "If she's borrowed a brother," he glanced to Adareth, "has she made faces at you?"

The Princes erupted into laughter as Isonei feigned annoyance and made a face at him.

°°°°°°°°°°

"The children look ready to be excused from the table, perhaps I could give my sister her gifts in-" Yornaith began before being cut off by a wave of the King's hand.

"Send the children to their lessons and open a bottle of the wine her father sent. I wish to linger." At King Orgath's command Isonei graciously inclined her head. The telltale tightness of her brother's smile was too subtle for the Torgans to notice.

Turning his attention to his sister, Yornaith lifted two boxes out of the trunk that had been brought into the dining room. "Your father also sends your favorite soap and bath oils, as well as honey from his personal hive." 

"Honey to replenish our stores was very thoughtful of him." King Orgath sipped the wine that had been brought out hurriedly with an appreciative smile. "The little Duchess ate it almost exclusively for a short time.

Her brother's eye twitched slightly at the appropriation of her gifts and she spoke up with a reassuring glance at him, "I would be glad to share my father's honey with you, your Majesty. You've been very generous and spared no expense in my care, and it is the best in all of Ara. The bees are a crossbreed of Aran and-"

The King waved his hand dismissively, "I have spent enough time with Vigrim to know, if I let you start talking about your bees it will be hours before any other topic is found. He goes on about his grapes, and the pedigree of his vines."

"I don't go on quite as long, your Majesty. I just wanted to explain why you'll find the taste slightly different than Torgan honey." Seeing the Queen eying the larger box of her soap and oils, she chose to volunteer instead of having to be gracious after the fact. "Would your Majesty like to have a closer look? Do you like the smell of vaina?"

The box was taken to Queen Deventha who murmured something that sounded pleased in Torgan and offered King Orgath a vial of oil to smell. "Very decadent, little Duchess."

"I've noticed that you do have some very fine soaps," she inclined her head to Burgath with a smile, "but oils are a little more foreign. In Ara, they're simply part of a relaxing bath."

"How much do you use?" The Queen looked at her curiously.

"With the smaller Torgan baths, a few drops would do. I think he sent a few different oils for me; father knows I like to mix the scents. Uziadamon and autumn clove go so well with vaina in the winter."

"He also sent lavendela oil. There were rumors that you've been having terrible headaches." Yornaith gave her one of the glass bottles her father used for his lavendela. It was smaller than the bath oils but the bottle itself was translucent lavender and there was a sprig of his lavendela inside.

Holding the bottle, she was lost in the longing to walk in her father's fields for a moment, it almost didn't register when Draeseth began speaking, telling Yornaith that the headaches were rare and had been related to the pregnancy. The mixed guilt and relief made her insides twist as he said she had been less ill since it had ended.

Queen Deventha began scolding Draeseth sharply in Torgan and he rose to bow both to the Queen and to Isonei.

Yornaith rounded the table and embraced her, rubbing her back. "Perhaps we should finish the gifts later. You look like you need some air, Isonei."

"Please."

"She should not have been asked to endure a long meal and put on a cheerful face." The Queen frowned. "As much as I would like to see her gifts, allowing her to retire and receive them privately later would be kinder."

"Thank you, your Majesty." Isonei rose from her seat and tried to give her a smile. "If you'd like to try the soap and oils, I'd be glad to give you enough of each to enjoy the next time you bathe."

"That would be lovely, Duchess Isonei." Queen Deventha inclined her head graciously.

Giving her a kiss on the head, Yornaith spoke firmly in Torgan. The gifts were gathered and put back into the chest without argument. "Let's get some air and you can show me your rooms."

"We will walk with you." Draeseth assisted Lislora to her feet. "My Duchesses need to speak privately when we leave them."

"Allow me to accompany you as well." Burgath gave her a mildly concerned look. "I need to speak to you, brother."

Walking back out to the garden, the two Torgan Princes spoke in their language and Yornaith squeezed her hand. Isonei expected to walk back to the gazebo but after a short walk through a small part of the garden, Burgath departed and Draeseth led them back inside to her rooms.

Ximesra was arranging the silk flowers Yornaith's mother had sent in a vase on the table next to the glass wreath. She bobbed a polite curtsy and hurried away when the Princes entered.

"These are not in season." Lislora looked surprised as she moved toward the flowers.

"They're made of silk. Our mother makes them. My father's house and Lord Eliorith's are filled with them as is the home of House Ravaris. Mother often gives them as gifts to family." Yornaith smiled faintly as Lislora touched a flower's petals.

"Mine are never quite as lovely, but I don't practice as often." Isonei leaned against her brother's arm. "Mother's can confuse the bees."

"She always enjoys your flowers, Isonei. She still has the delicate red lilies you made her."

"They were supposed to be orchids but I cut them wrong." It brought a wry smile to her face, her mother had shown them off calling them beautiful and imaginative.

"My Isonei is fond of red flowers. I grow Soldier's Wife in my winter garden, it is her favorite of my flowers."

"They were mentioned in a letter she wrote." Yornaith moved to take a closer look at the wreath. "Glass? That is exquisite."

"Ximesra's brother made it. He was a glassmith before he chose to become a cook. It was a gift." She hesitated to say more as she turned to smile at Draeseth and caught his sour look.

"Was it the jester that brought the letters?" The Torgan Prince took a seat in one of the few chairs. "I suspected him when I finally discovered the theft, but he had not fled back to Ara after the party. He remained hoping to entertain my wife. I was forced to send him away."

"His name was Oberath of House Neriris." Yornaith inclined his head. "There is a dye used for cloth that can give an Aran an almost Torgan coloring. I think he had hoped to bring her back himself but her fragile health prevented him from trying."

The large Torgan's jaw clenched and he murmured something to Lislora that included thanks.

Yornaith's polite smile faded, "You gave my sister unclean food out of jealousy?"

"I-it was not." Lislora shook her head and then rushed to the washing room. The sound of her being sick came back to them through the open door.

"She wasn't trying to harm me, Yornaith. She was jealous but she didn't understand why my food needed to be prepared separately. Lislora has already confessed all of this to me. She may not be the best friend I've ever had but there was a brief time in the Kroscur when she was one of the only friends I had. Be kind." Isonei steeled herself and followed the Torgan woman into the washing room. "Do you need anything, Lislora?" 

The Torgan woman looked miserable hunched over the basin. Tears stood in her eyes and she had vomit on her sleeve.

"I'll get Ximesra." Before she turned the Munian woman was gently pushing past to see.

"I'll fetch her some cool water, your Grace."

"And a fresh dress, please. Is there anything else you need Lislora?"

Her answer was a silent shake of the head and Ximesra slipped out of the room.

"Would you like company?"

With her clean sleeve, Lislora wiped her eyes, "You do not have to be so nice to me, Isonei."

"It isn't difficult to be kind. It costs me very little and makes life for everyone more pleasant." She offered the Torgan a small smile.

"I thought... I thought you were angry with me. You refused to speak with me this morning."

"No, I-" Isonei swallowed a lump that was suddenly trying to form as she thought about the morning. "It wasn't a good morning. I needed time alone to let out some of my pain. It wasn't a refusal to speak with you, I couldn't have spoken with anyone."

Lislora nodded slowly, "I should have sent him to you. He needed coddling and I... I like being the one he turns to."

"I can't bear the weight of his pain and my own. I'm glad he has you to lean on."

"You-you need someone too, Isonei." Lislora bowed her head with a pained expression.

"I have Ximesra and Master Krouth. They've been taking wonderful care of me. Krouth always seems to know what I need before I do and Ximesra is as much a companion as a maid. I don't feel alone." She tried to give the woman a brighter smile and it seemed to ease the Torgan's conscience.

"I can always tell when Krouth is going to tend to you. He looks like a father finally permitted to look in on his child when his duties with us are complete." Lislora eased herself away from the basin.

"Let me help you out of that while we wait." Isonei helped her remove her overdress. "Speaking of children, I've been thinking. We should encourage Master Krouth to adopt a child or two. He would be a wonderful father." An amused sound made her turn to look at the partly open door.

"Krouth has too much to do to mind a child, Isonei." Draeseth's amused voice carried into the room.

"Why are you listening at the door instead of entertaining my brother, Draeseth?" The door was pushed open and she gave him a look of mock annoyance.

"Ximesra is going to take your brother back to his rooms as she performs her tasks. He was tired from his journey but he had insisted on seeing you immediately. A rest might make him more pleasant."

"He was a little less charming than usual but he was still polite." Isonei inclined her head slightly. "Brothers are meant to be protective and he's been worried. You might forgive him a little unpleasantness."

"Only because you forgive mine." His dark eyes glittered. When he lowered his head to press his face to hers, Isonei stopped him to lightly touch his bruised cheek and split lip.

"Did you let Lislora put healing salve on this?"

"She did not offer because I do not require-"

"You'll let me put salve on it. I'm sorry that Adareth attacked you, I didn't expect him to be upset after we spoke."

He made an amused sound in his throat. "Brothers are meant to be protective." Draeseth glanced to Lislora and straightened slightly. "Salve will wait until tonight. I will be staying in your rooms until your brother leaves, for your safety."

"My brother wouldn't harm me."

"No," Draeseth stroked her face, "he might try to steal you away in the night. Burgath told me you were unaware of the reward waiting for anyone who returns you to Ara. I was too harsh and I need the time to apologize."

She studied his face for a trace of a jest before he reassured her, "I do not mean that way, wife. You are healing and in mourning, I would not ask for that."
