 Sandy leaned back against the trunk of the tree and breathed in a deep lung full of the fragrant air. The perfume of fir trees and wildflowers drifted through her senses mingled with the tang of living things and the musk of moist earth. She curled her toes in the soft dirt beneath her and opened her eyes to stare up into the thick growth of trees that ran all the way to the sides of the mountains until they vanished just before the snowy peaks. Lazy drifts of clouds twined through the high clefts of the mountain tops and skirted the few pines and firs growing close to the summit. 

Looking up it was easy to believe she was alone and that this wilderness was all that surrounded her, it was easy to believe until she cast her glance over her shoulder. Below her the town bustled, on the outskirts of Boulder the small town was set into the beauty of the mountains just as most towns were around here. There wasn't anything wrong with the town or with civilization itself but lately Sandy felt further and further from them, longing only to remain in her rented cabin and hide from the world. College at the University of Colorado at Boulder was proving stimulating and informative but it was hard to concentrate being on the edge of the Roosevelt National Forest and feeling that the very air breathed around her. Her parents had rented her the small cabin here on the hillside as a reward for her scholarship to the University, in truth Sandy believed they just wanted her gone so they could brag about her in their social circles. In the end it had all worked out well, she lived off campus in the quaint two bedroom cabin and commuted to school in the Honda CR-V she had purchased with money she'd saved from after school jobs and many a birthday check put into savings. The four wheel drive SUV was a necessity here in winter.

Sandy laid her cheek against her knees and watched a hawk skim the field nearby trying to flush an unlucky rabbit or mouse from its hiding place. The weather was still mild during the day and only the nights foreboding chill reminded residents that winter was not far off. Sandy was fairly oblivious to the subtle bite of cold in the air, she sat against the tree in nothing but her cutoff shorts and a tight tube top as though she were at the beach instead of the mountains. Classes had been boring today and Sandy had spent most of her time doodling in her notebook as opposed to listening to the lecture on a topic she already knew inside and out. Her grades were never a problem so most of her professors overlooked her obvious lack of attention in class they all knew she was one of the most intelligent students at the school. Sandy was not only intelligent she had grown quite beautiful over the last four years. Her form had always been slender and now in her twenty second year it had gained the womanly curves that turned heads wherever she went. Her small breasts had swelled moderately into full c-cups and were quite firm and perky. She exercised constantly, running, hiking, climbing and anything else she could find to get her blood pumping. Her lithe body was tanned deep bronze and well muscled for her efforts. Her brown hair was layered with golden highlights that had been enhanced by her time spent in the sun and her hazel eyes were flecked with green. All of these traits made her eye catching and desirable. She did not lack for attention at school, attention from both classmates and her professors as well, but their attentions went either unrewarded or unnoticed by Sandy.

Sandy curled her toes in the dirt again before standing up and heading inside to consider her dinner options. She was far from a health food guru, in fact most of the time she bordered on downright piggish in her eating habits. It was hard to convince her that the food groups were not, potato chips, cheese fries, steak, and popcorn. Were it not for her fanatic outdoors activities she fully believed she would plump up to the size of the Goodyear blimp. Sandy paused and eyeballed the calendar before she went to the freezer and removed two large steaks. Darkness was setting fast outside and a chill wind was descending from the mountains when she tossed the meat onto the grill. She stood there staring into the flames as she watched the meat cook, waiting for it to caramelize and need to be flipped. The light from the fire was the only light left when his arms encircled her waist from behind and even though she knew he would come, she jumped despite herself.

"William!" she shrieked. "You jerk you nearly made me pee myself! How many times have I asked you to quit doing that whole sneaking around thing!"

"But if I quit sneaking around I wouldn't be me." He grinned down at her before eyeing the grill. "Besides you knew I was coming!" 

"Maybe I was going to eat them both." Sandy smirked as she pulled the steaks off the fire and shut off the gas. William was dressed in the loose fitting t-shirt and stone washed jeans they kept hidden in a hollow tree just inside the woods so that reports of a naked man prowling around the cabin wouldn't circulate through the town.

"What and deny me the pleasure of your culinary expertise?"

"Oh shove it." Sandy strode into the cabin to put the food on the table.

William chuckled and followed her into the house. He set the table as she brought out a salad, rolls, and baked potatoes to go with the steaks. Sandy poured herself a glass of Diet Pepsi and poured a glass of iced tea for William before she sat down in front of her plate.

"So how is school?" William inquired.

"About the same as always," Sandy cut her steak and dressed her potato. "I'm ahead of the class in the book and the lectures rarely bring any information I haven't researched on my own. The conclusions of the professors and other students always seem to take a decided slant toward a specific political train of thought though they all deny it vehemently when called on it. It's difficult to find an un-biased opinion anywhere these days though."

William chuckled. Politics never interested him despite reminding him very much of the power plays within packs of wolves and dogs, in the end it was always just a fight over the bitch or the beef. In humans cases it was nearly the same except it was a fight over the woman or the money, same difference as far as William could tell. He glanced across the table at Sandy as she spoke about her school and what she was learning, his attention was not on her words or the food he was mechanically eating but instead was totally on her. It had been nearly a month since he'd last been able to sit at the table with her and he could not deny he was hungry for something much more than food. Sandy was rattling on about mathematics and biology as William sat there and explored her with his senses. His eyes roved over the flat belly and firm swell of her breasts, delighting every time she moved and offered a new perspective of them to him. He could smell her fresh clean scent from across the table but he could also smell much more then just that. He caught the scent of her arousal, always present when he was nearby, as well as the smell of her sweat, light and earthy over her skin. He knew she'd been sitting by the pine tree today from the heavy scent of it in her hair and the few scattered needles clinging to stray locks. It was sheer wonderful torture to sit so close to her and yet be separated from her by the table. 

After dinner William helped Sandy clear the dishes and wash them as well as to put away the leftovers. 

"How was the park?" Sandy smiled at him.

"Wonderful," William grinned at her. "The deer are thick this season; I have a feeling that the park rangers may have to do some population control this year. Most of the bears are seeking our winter dens, squirrels are hiding their bounty of nuts, and the whole park is winding down for the year and getting ready for the onslaught of winter."

"You didn't help yourself to any picnic lunches this time did you?"

"I'm shocked." William feigned affront. "Just because I happened upon an unguarded lunch and got caught red snouted does not mean I make it a habit of absconding every day with some camper's lunch."

Sandy chuckled. "True but the last thing we need is another story about starving wolves being so brazen as to wander into a camp site and help themselves to visitor's lunches. You're lucky they didn't insist on hunting down the 'dangerous animal'".

William blanched. "Well you do have a point there. I didn't mean to cause any great distress for anyone, but the left over roast was most agreeable."

"Any wolves?" Sandy waited tentatively.

"No." William's voice was flat. "Even though they are making a come back there are no wolves in Colorado so far as I have seen and I doubt my presence is much appreciated at that."

"I'm sorry William." Sandy stepped into his arms and hugged him.

William grinned and scooped her up off her feet. "No need, I don't expect to see any or be welcomed by them if I did. I have you to welcome me so what more do I need!" He spun her around in a circle until she giggled and begged him to stop. She smiled at him as he set her back on her feet in the living room giving her ass a fond pat as he did.

Her arms stayed linked around his neck and her body molded up against his even after she had regained her feet. She stood on her toes and was still looking up at him dwarfed by his sheer size and stature. His eyes were dark and passionate as he again lifted her off her feet and lowered his mouth to hers, coaxing her lips apart to explore her mouth with his tongue. The weeks they spent separated lent a fevered need to their embrace, a need to reclaim each other without modesty or hesitation. William gripped Sandy's ass as she wrapped her legs around his waist, he strode up the stairs and into the bedroom dropping her onto the bed joining her there moments later. She was insatiable and needy in bed, truly a wild animal when it came to sex; he heard the fabric of his shirt tear as she pulled it from him, her lips seeking the base of his throat and the small nubs of his nipples. He ached even before she bit and licked his chest and neck, having her only a few times a month was a torture beyond all others, his hands pulled the tube top off the swell of her breasts and over her head. He yanked her jeans down off her hips to her ankles so she could kick them into the corner of the room as she unbuttoned his fly and pulled his jeans down. She kissed away a pearly drop of fluid from the end of his head as she lowered his jeans, delighting in his sharp intake of breath as she did. The scent of her arousal was an intoxicating perfume driving him to madness just as surely as her hands caressing the length of him did. He throbbed in her hands and moaned deeply, filled with the aching need to claim her and mark her as his own.

William grabbed Sandy's hips and flipped her over on the bed, placing her on her hands and knees before him. He wrapped his hand in her long hair and pulled her head back forcing her back to arch and her breasts to push forward as her ass lifted into the air. With his free hand he reached between her thighs and began to stroke the soft petals of her sex, running his fingers between her folds to occasionally brush against the hard nub of her clit. Sandy was panting between her moist lips, her eyes were closed as she surrendered to his dominant stance behind her, his hand in her hair holding her still on her knees. William rubbed his fingers together feeling the slippery wet dew that covered them as her removed his hand from between her thighs and took a firm grip on her hip, his fingers biting into her skin as he twisted his other hand in her long hair to take a tighter hold. Sandy gasped as he thrust the length of his hard shaft into her body, pulling her back by her hair as he impaled her to the hilt with a single smooth motion. William's throaty moan rang loud in her ears as Sandy squirmed desperately trying to get him to move inside her, the thundering of her blood rushing through her veins and her breath exploding from her chest nearly drowning out everything but the hot pounding need radiating from between her legs. He released her hair and ran his calloused palm over one of her breasts, the rough skin raking over his taunt nipple cause her to shiver and thrust backward against him. William pulled himself from inside her and flipped her over onto her back, he pulled her close and spread open her thighs, imprisoning her legs against the bed as he thrust himself back into her body. He stood over her, keeping her ass on the end of the bed and used his leverage to thrust forcefully in and out of her while he leaned over to lick and suck on her taunt nipples. Sandy gripped his shoulders with her nails and lifted her hips into each of his thrusts with equal fervor; she squeezed her muscles around his hard shaft and whimpered softly in her throat. Williams' hands caressed her flat stomach and ran down her thighs, he spread open the lips of her sex and rubbed the hard nub of her clit while he thrust himself in and out of her hot wet sex. He could feel the tremors of excitement course through her body as he rubbed and tweaked her clit, heard her gasps and soft pleas as he used his weight to impale and pin her to the bed, her sweat slicked thighs forced wide open as he plunged into her again and again. William knew he was going to orgasm, he could feel it rising in him as he moved inside her tight wetness. He pulled himself out of her and grasped her hands placing them around his engorged shaft as he leaned back standing between her legs. Sandy took hold of his hard member and stroked and massaged it, she leaned up and wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and kissed and sucked it while her strong hands moved up and down the length of him. William let out a guttural nearly wolf like sound and began to cum, the slippery white cream spurting over Sandy's lips and down her neck and over her perky breasts. She continued to stroke him until he finished spilling his seed over her body, her eyes focused on his face and the pleasure in it. 

He smiled down at her cum spattered body before he knelt to his knees between her legs. Sandy sucked in her breath as he spread open the wet lips of her sex and stroked her clit with his tongue, pausing to flick it lightly. She gasped and her body went rigid arching up against his face as he continued slowly lick and suck the hard nub between her legs. William tasted her, sliding his tongue in between the folds of her slippery sex and along the path his cock had traveled moments ago. He lingered with his tongue a moment then brought it back out and over her clit, sliding his finger into the warm wet hole between her legs while he lavished attention on her sensitive flesh. His hands roved along her body, sliding over her sides to cup her breasts and gently pluck her hardened nipples listening to her whimpers and cries of passion. Sandy felt her body shaking, her hips lifting into William as her muscles began shaking and she cried out in earnest on the edge of her own release. William's snarl was absolutely feral when he heard her cry; he stroked her faster with his fingers and gently nipped at her clit pushing Sandy over her edge. She shook like a leaf in a summer storm, her body rocking against his fingers and mouth, the hot flow of her own release covering William's tongue and face. Panting she fell back on the bed still shaking as he slid up along side of her body.

Sandy rolled over and laid her head against William's shoulder her body curling against his as he moved alongside to cradle her. His hands slowly stroked her back as he held her, the heavy scent of sex mingling with that of pine, clean linens, and sweat. Sandy's soft exhalation and little purr told him she was drifting off a bit. William stood up and picked her up, carrying her into the bathroom where he turned on the shower. She smiled and held onto him her sleepy satisfaction unbroken by the reality of her rumpled state. He smiled down at her noting the drying cum on her skin and in her hair and the way she didn't mind it in the least. He lifted her up and placed her in the shower and stepped in behind her feeling the warm spray of water as it cascaded over them both. He stroked her body as he soaped her wash cloth and began to slowly move it over her skin, using it to rub down and over her shoulders and across her breasts and neck. His hands moved slowly over her body washing away the sweat and cum from her skin and hair, he kissed her neck as he cleaned her skin, keeping her body pressed against his own. Sandy turned to face him and in her eyes her renewed desire was evident even before she stepped closer to him. She tilted her head and wrapped her hands around his neck; her body was smooth and pliant against him as she kissed him. Her mouth opened and her and was gently coaxing against his own until all thoughts of bathing left William's mind and he dropped the washcloth to hold her against him.

William lifted her off her feet and braced her against the wall of the shower, his hands gently roving down her body and over her breasts and tight belly. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and she was gently kissing his neck and shoulders the sense of urgency all but gone this time. The warm water spilled down over them, running down her neck and breasts and over her belly to between her legs adding its own sensual effect. She couldn't think straight or decide where William's caress ended and the waters began, it was intoxicating. He was kissing her neck and her breasts feeling the water pour down her body and over his own back as he lavished her body with attention. Her eyes were closed and her head titled back as she softly breathed his name, a siren's call from her lips that made him feel weak in his knees. He slid her down onto his re-hardened cock, burying it slowly to the hilt inside her body. He was slow and gentle with her this time, every soft exhalation and moan giving him pleasure as he watched her face alive with pleasure. She kissed him and clung to him her hips moving with his long slow thrusts building back up the tension and the pleasure as he lead her back to the brink and over it. Her orgasm was just as intense as it had been the first time that night and minutes later he joined her this time spilling himself into her body claiming her again in the most primal sense.

William carried her out of the shower, drying her off with a towel before he took her back to the bed and laid her down. He laid down beside her watch her drift off into sleep knowing in the morning he would look at her again from behind amber eyes. He touched her cheek slowly and smiled as she made a quiet sound and turned into him, even in sleep desiring to be as close as possible to him. The mornings were always the hardest, awakening to see her through lupine eyes again, unable to touch her and slowly wake her from her exhausted slumber, unable to do the simple things other couples enjoyed, unable even to make her breakfast. He loved the time they had together but they were still separated by what he was and what he could never fully be no matter how hard he tried. He stroked her hair before he joined her in sleep, sleep punctured by the dreams of what he was and the nightmares of what might happen.

William was in pain. Sandy awoke suddenly knowing she had heard his cries. The sun was streaming in through the blinds and birds calling outside, morning had come and gone. Next to her the wolf that was William whimpered and twitched in his sleep, sounds of great distress coming from him. Sandy rolled over to face him taking in for a moment the anguished look on his lupine face, muzzle contorted in a silent snarl.

"William" she softly spoke to him. "Wake up; you're having a bad dream. William wake up." She pleaded softly to no avail. "William, please."
