 Author's Note: Warning! This story contains the following: non-consensual transformation, futanari with a horse cock, centaur, multiple phalli on a single character, egg laying, impregnation, severe cum inflation and lactation. If any of these turn you off do not read on, however if they do, let me know how you liked it. Thank you and enjoy.

*****

Victoria Roberts grunted as she dug through more horse dung. Her parents were busy accommodating her three cousins, who were here for spring break, on account of their own parents wanting a break from their, for lack of a better term, bullshit. Each one was a product of the city and poor decisions, with excessive make up to cover up even the slightest blemish, frilly, expensive clothes that had no practical use outside of seducing equally vain men. Victoria was certain none of them had done an honest day's work in their combined lives.

She on the other hand, was out there cleaning out the stables. Sweat dripped from her brow, strands of her hair escaping the pony tail she often sported, the strays locks sticking to her skin. The horses occasionally snorted, almost like they were trying to make conversation, which she appreciated giving her favourite, Bojack, a pat on his thick neck. Victoria preferred animals to humans, who could turn traitor in a moment so long as it benefits them, animals were loyal, though only if you cared for them properly. As she went about her chore, she heard two loud barks approaching, her dogs no doubt looking for someone to play with them. Victoria looked around, noting she was pretty much finished.

She gave Bojack another pat, before going out to play with her dogs. They were massive, one a Siberian Husky, christened Ash, and the other a Great Dane, named Austin. Both were taller than her when standing on their hind legs, something they seemed to take joy in as they often tried to use her to stand. Both were in the prime of their lives, each one playing frequently, but trained well enough that they helped out from time to time, at least when Victoria's family needed to keep stray foxes or other predators away. Ash, being a Husky, was very adapt at this, though he sometimes had to be held back, when around some of the other animals due to his own predatory instincts. Austin was giant, even by Great Dane standards. Standing normally he came close to Victoria's shoulder, but he was extremely friendly, if a bit over zealous at times.

Ash dropped a ball to her feet, which she happily bent down to pick up. Victoria was used to things people would consider gross, like shovelling large clumps of faecal matter or picking up a ball covered in a dogs saliva. It was how she was raised after all, though on the bright side, she had one hell of a throwing arm. The soft ball went flying, Ash and Austin running after it with all their might, each one neck and neck. Austin was much larger than Ash, meaning his legs were longer and had more reach, but Ash was fast as hell, keeping up despite his shorter stature. Austin managed to get the ball this time, running back to Victoria with his prize. Ash followed, eager for a rematch.

"Good boy, that's 2-all now." She said, giving both a playful pat. She'd made it into a bit of a game recently, to see which one reached the ball first, and the dogs seemed to know it too, both of them crouching in anticipation of her next throw. Victoria picked up the ball and reared back, taking a stance any pitcher would be proud of, and threw. As they rushed to the flying object, each one trying to predict where it would land and racing to the spot. Victoria laughed and wiped her hand clean on her dirty jeans, so stained that no amount of cleaning would make them fresh again, though they didn't smell bad to her fortune.

"Hey Victoria! How's it going?" A, sadly, familiar voice called out from the house. Victoria looked to it, seeing her home. It was a large piece of property, even without the farmland, the house itself was two stories tall, with a nice porch, complete with a swing. The paint was chipping slightly from its old age, however her father was already setting up for the job, even managing to wrangle two of her cousins into the job, though only to bring out a few paint cans and brushes. Now that she thought about it, Victoria realised her house was eerily similar to the one from Hershel's Farm in the Walking Dead, one of the few shows she and her family regularly watched.

It wasn't exactly cheap to maintain, but her grandparents had bought it for a good price. It wasn't that hard, considering that the closet thing to civilisation was miles away, not only that but the place was a mess back then. Victoria was glad they'd bought it though, having seen how a lot of city girls act, even if it got her insulted at school or by her cousins. It was bearable though, since she worked so hard, her body was slender and toned, distinctly athletic. Were it not for her daily chores, and general dislike for most people at her school, Victoria would have joined the track or baseball team. Her father was a huge baseball fan and it had rubbed off on her, as such she practised her pitch with her dogs on a regular basis.

The cousin who had called out to her was Vivian. She was probably the least stuck up of the three, but that wasn't saying much. She scrunched her nose at the smell that permeated the air on the farm, but didn't comment, though Victoria could see the disgust in her eyes. It didn't offend her, farm life wasn't for everyone, even she still found it hard at times, but the rewards spoke for themselves at times. Vivian was a self-proclaimed animal lover, however she couldn't handle the responsibilities that came with pets, as such she used these visits as an excuse to fuss over Ash and Austin or hang around the horses. Victoria, ever the kind one, had even taught her to ride a little bit.

"Hi, Vivian." She replied as her cousin got within earshot. Ash had won the ball this time, wagging his tail happily as Victoria rewarded him with affection.

"Playing with the dogs again?" Vivian asked as she came up to them, reaching down to stroke Austin's broad back. Victoria had seen a lot of Great Danes that were fairly skinny, but not Austin, he was big in every sense of the word, though not so much with fat, more with well honed muscles. It made her glad he was such a docile creature, otherwise she doubted she, or her parents, could fend him off.

"Yeah, Mum's doing dinner and Dad's started repainting the house, so I'm the only one who's left." She explained, once again picking up the ball to throw, grinning when she caught Vivian's grimace from the side of her vision. Sometimes it was tempting to wait for her cousins to turn their backs, then throw the saliva coated ball at them. Victoria knew she could get away with it, since her loving pets would give her to the perfect chance to escape. The two stood there for a while in silence, until the dogs came back, Austin having won this time, evening the score again. Victoria threw the ball and turned to Vivian.

"So, uh, how's... things?" She asked, unsure what to say to her cousin. They didn't have much in common, besides a fondness for animals, though Victoria actually knew how to care for them, and their similar age. Vivian, alongside her sisters, Jess and Susan, were triplets, all eighteen and similar to the point it became hard to differentiate between the three. 

"It's okay... a bit pissed that I have to be out here of all places." She said, uncaring if what she said hurt Victoria in anyway. The farm girl's eye twitched a little, but she let the comment slide, having heard it more than enough in her short lifetime.

"Heh, maybe it'll do you some good this time. Get you actually working for a change?" Victoria replied, knowing Vivian probably wouldn't work a day in her life, at least not doing hard labour. Speaking of hard labour, she still had some work left, "Do you mind playing with them for a bit, I've gotta finish up in the stables? Thanks." She said and ran off, leaving Vivian as the focus of the dogs, though not for long as she walked away without throwing the ball even once, leaving Ash and Austin distinctly unimpressed. They came to Victoria, who went about finishing up.

They understood when she could play fairly well. They saw her working and just sat outside the stables, occasionally wagging their tails when she came over to fuss them a little, before returning to work. Eventually she heard her mother's voice calling out that dinner was finished. The table was packed, the cousins all sitting together and looking uncomfortable in the less than perfect , but had the good sense not to say anything, considering that they were miles from the nearest town, and even further from the train station. The only thing they were happy about was eating Victoria's mother's cooking, which had even won her a local award. It was literally the only they enjoyed when staying there.

John, Victoria's father, made small talk with the cousins. It was awkward, as one might expect, with him asking general questions anyone would ask: how's school, how do you like it here etc. Victoria looked at each of them, but said nothing, knowing any conversation she tried to strike up would be just as, if not more, awkward as her father's attempt. Vivian sat by her aunt, while Jess ate beside her uncle, with Susan in the middle. They gave short answers, clearly having enough sense not to trust themselves not to disrespect their uncle. He was a well tempered man, but any insult to his livelihood was met with hostility. Victoria recalled a time when she had complained about living there, and her father had made her do half of his chores added onto her own for a month.

Eventually, John asked a question that got them talking. Jane, Victoria's mother, almost grinned at his expression, when he realised he'd stepped into a minefield; once the cousins got into something, they went on and on. Victoria glanced at her parents who were clearly trying not to tell Jess, the one currently talking, though it changed frequently, to shut up or paint the house in the dark. It wasn't so much that she was talking, however she used language one did not repeat in Victoria's home. John only tolerated it because they were guests, but even that had its limit, which was coming fast. In an effort to avoid this, Jane stepped in.

"How about dessert girls? She said, picking up their plates and balancing them on her arms, her early work as a waitress coming into play. Victoria's parents had begun working for their own money since they were very young, their own parents having shared the idea that kids should learn about the real world as soon as possible. Unfortunately, Jane's brother, the father to the cousins, had ignored these teachings, preferring to make a name for himself as the bad seed of the family. Unlike her parents had done, Victoria wasn't actually working a proper job for a pay cheque, instead earning her allowance in her home. This was mostly because, despite their beliefs, Victoria had been kept fairly sheltered.

She went to school of course, her parents unable to home school her without spending large sums of money for a private tutor. However it wasn't ideal for her. While it wasn't like in the movies she sometimes watched, where a person was ostracised for being different, or ridiculed for liking things associated with the male gender, the classmates were still far from accepting of a quote unquote 'country bumpkin'. Victoria was often confused by this, since she spoke perfectly normal and wore fairly standard clothing. People only started calling her that after they found out she lived on a farm.

It went to show how far stereotypes affected societies perceptions of people. Most days they would comment that she should be wearing a pair of slacks, or a cowboy hat. Victoria never bothered fighting back, at least most of the time, always remembering her parents words that the stupid will attempt to hide it, but that only makes seem stupider. It wasn't all that smart, or profound, but it got the point across well enough. On the times Victoria fought back, she did so in sports, often proving herself a better baseball player than most of the boys in her class. This led people to respect her somewhat, elevating her status from 'country bumpkin' to a 'tomboy'.

It was better than nothing, Victoria had decided and took it in stride. During recess or lunch break, she took to playing with others in her school's poor excuse for a field, the grass was dead or dying and the dirt was poor, meaning even her father had little chance of doing anything, something of a death sentence considering his experience. She did what she could from time to time, staying after school to help the elderly grounds keeper, even giving him a tips on how to better care for the field. Of course he quickly forgot in his old age, but that didn't stop her. However, it was her senior year and the school showed no signs of real improvement in that department. Back in the dining room, Victoria sighed in disappointment.

The evening passed by in joyous quiet. The cousins were too busy stuffing their faces to talk much, giving Victoria's parents and herself silence to enjoy themselves. There was baseball game on that night, which was starting in just a few minutes, as such Victoria and her father finished quickly to retire to the sitting room, where their most expensive, non farm related, equipment resided. John had sprung for a large forty two inch flat screen a couple of years ago, as a kind of sweet sixteen present for Victoria, though the whole family could enjoy it. She didn't mind, having no real interest in television shows outside of games, and the rare series.

The sun had long since set. Autumn had begun to rear its head as summer came to an end, causing the leaves to turn brown and fall to the earth, though this did mean a ready supply of fertiliser. Victoria and her father sat on the old couch handed down from her deceased grandparents, settling in to watch their favourite sport. The cousins went to their shared room, no doubt to gossip or use the meagre internet connection to access Twitter or Facebook, while Jane washed up. Nothing out of the ordinary in many eyes.

As the ninth inning began, Victoria heard the horses whinnying and neighing loudly. She was certain they would calm down eventually, but they persisted, even Ash and Austin were restless, sitting by the couch and whining occasionally.

"What's got 'em so spoked?" John asked, preparing to sit up and head out, but Victoria stopped him.

"Don't worry, Dad, I'll see what's up. You enjoy the game. Just make sure you tell me what happens, in detail." She added, deathly serious at the last part.

"Sure thing, sweetie." He chuckled and laid back, shooting a grateful glance at his daughter as she pulled her coat and boots on. She grabbed the flash light they kept by the front door and left, her loyal dogs following after her. The horses were stomping their hooves now, clearly frightened even as she made her way to them, taking care not to trip on a stray rock or uneven earth. Victoria was very good to the horses, hence why most of her chores centred around them, while her father and mother dealt with the other animals on hand. They knew her, trusted her, as such she was able to calm them down fairly quickly.

She came to Bojack, a prized stallion that could have possibly been a great race horse. Victoria rode him much more than any other, enjoying the incredible speed he could reach. Her slender figure made it easy for him to pick up the pace. Victoria, despite her toned body, was small even by average female standards, standing at five foot one. She was fairly skinny, her 'feminine charms' suffering from this, as her chest remained mostly flat, barely registering as an A cup. Her rear was equally small, however it was very nicely shaped and showed well when she wore tight pants. She also prided herself on her shoulder length blue-dyed hair, a decision she'd made during her early teens, which was maintained with all care she gave her chores. Even her parents agreed it looked nice on her.

When she had managed to calm him down, she went about brushing his mane. It always seemed to sooth him when he got agitated, however, as she bent to pick up the brush, she caught a bright flash of light from the corner of her eye. Victoria stood upright in an instant, her eyes immediately seeing a streak of light flying across the sky, heading in a diagonal direction straight to the earth. As the light sunk behind the trees, she covered her ears, expecting to hear the sound of the earth shattering, but none came. The ground didn't even shake. When she was certain the sound wasn't going to come, Victoria stood.

The other horses were all acting up again, with the exception of Bojack. He whinnied nervously, but remained mostly calm in the face of his kind rider. Victoria pushed away her curiosity for the moment to calm the other equines, before setting her straddle up on Bojack, who snorted as if in agreement. To her it seemed he was as curious as she was. She brought him out and mounted him, her moves those of an expert, as she made sure everything was secured from her new vantage point. Ash and Austin came up beside the horse, looking up at their youngest owner.

"Don't worry, boys. I'll be back soon." She said and got Bojack moving, his trotting soon turning into a slow run. As they entered the dense forest on the outskirts of her farm, Victoria heard the sound of panting behind her and looked back, seeing her dogs keeping up. She grinned at them, partially thankful that they were coming; the animals in the woods would no doubt be as distressed, if not more so, than the horses had been. Ash growled every now and then, warning away small animals or other predators in the area as they made their way to a break in the trees. Bojack stopped suddenly, Ash and Austin doing likewise, as Victoria stared in shock at a massive crater, easily the size of her family's entire farm. The trees were cut off perfectly, almost as if a knife had cut through the terrain itself.

"How did this not make any noise?" She questioned aloud, Austin gave a low bark as if in reply. She grinned at him, once again glad that the two canines had come. Victoria urged Bojack to start circling the crater, the horse taking great care not to slip. As they circled, Victoria almost thought she saw an object in the centre, but couldn't be sure. There was no moon and her flash light wasn't strong enough to reach that far, however it didn't need to, as something rose from the object. Victoria squinted to try and make it out, only for Bojack to suddenly rear back, sending her falling from his back.

She was about to stand and try to clam him down, when she heard Ash barking and growling. She looked to him and saw a snake-like... thing extending towards him, similarly, Austin was watching another snake thing with caution, growling low in his throat. Bojack neighed and nickered, again rearing back onto his hind legs. Victoria saw another of the things extending towards her horse.

"What the fuck?" She said aloud, the cuss word slipping from her lips. It was extremely rare that she even said crap, her usage of one of the most offensive words in the english language only highlighting the strange, horrifying situation she was in. She walked slowly to her horse, trying to clam him, but he repeated his earlier actions, forcing her away. It was then that the thing struck, wrapping around him repeatedly, further proving Victoria's comparison to a snake. She heard a loud whine and several loud barks, and looked to see her dogs in similar state.

Victoria was raised to be a good Samaritan. Strangers, animals or people she knew, she would try her hardest to held them, and, even in such a predicament, she let her good nature kick in. She rushed over to her dogs, hearing them whine in pain, but, before she could reach them, she saw the snakes begin devouring them. Victoria wasn't sure if she screamed in horror, or simply stared wide eyed, but it didn't matter. Her body reacted while her mind tried to handle the loss, and rushed to help Bojack, only to see him meeting the same fate. Despite this, she tried to help him, pulling on the snake or her horse's hind legs, but nothing worked.
