 Thanks to Nthusiastic for her help in editing, beta reading, and making good suggestions! 

***** 

They left Oyeth Lothlaeri in two carriages, Daga Liadith's and Lord Eliorith's. Onsh-Velarith had taken his leave not long after the meeting with the Torgans. Isonei had chosen to ride in her father's carriage, which had been temporarily altered with boards and cushions making it more like a traveling bed on the inside. Curled close to him, she drowsed until they reached Daga Caeridith's home letting her mind wander back over the events of the morning. 

Guardsman Greethe had been relieved by Daga Lothlaerith but a handful of soldiers had been sent to escort them safely to Caeridith. They'd left after they'd had lunch and she'd bathed with Daga Liadith and Daga Lothlaerith in the Daga's private bath. 

The memory of Daga Lothlaerith stealthily kissing the back of her neck as he'd braided her hair was still making her flush when she thought about it. She'd been speaking to her own Daga of the things that had been sent for her from Torga as he was close by getting dressed, and for something that would be seen as almost chaste in Ara, it had somehow felt more scandalous than stroking Draeseth's cock in the carriage while he'd spoken to his brother. 

Most of the Torgan clothes she'd donated to the attendants at the baths to be altered and used for those who required them. Some had been kept to show the Aran Court. Draeseth had sent the broken knife and carcanet as well as the Book of Truths from the Kamrus. A note, that she strongly suspected had been written by Krouth, had informed her that the Queen had taken the rest of her bath oils and that the stress of events had caused headaches in the royal family. Krouth had been using the lavendela oil for them. 

The note apologized for not having all of her things for her and offered to pay whatever she thought was fair value in addition to the carcanet and knife which, it was pointedly mentioned were being given in recompense. 

Her father had been preparing an invoice when she'd returned from the baths, but she'd persuaded him to be more gracious. Her reply had insisted that Master Krouth be allowed to use the lavendela for his own headaches as well, as a condition of keeping it. She had also given her condolences and hoped that what had been kept brought some relief for their unhappiness. Yornaith had taken the letter when he went to fetch the missives for King Tamnaeuth. 

Isonei was roused from her drowsy thoughts as her father stroked her hair. "The carriage has stopped, my little love. I think we may have arrived." 

As soon as he said the words the door beside him opened. "Father?" 

"We're awake, Ivorith." He carefully maneuvered himself out of the carriage with Ivorith's help and then Isonei followed. 

Onsh-Caeridith was there to help her immediately and she offered him a warm smile, "Thank you, it's a pleasure to see you under better circumstances." 

"Have you slept the entire way?" Onsh glanced into the carriage with a perplexed frown. 

"I drowsed. Travel is tiring." 

She was opening her mouth to tease him when her brother volunteered, "The carriage was altered for father. He hasn't been well and sitting up for hours would have been too taxing. My sister has had some difficult travels and chose to keep him company." 

"She's always slept well in carriages. Her sister, Sidrian, had a rolling doll bed she took everywhere and she would push Isonei around in it. Isonei would fall asleep and look like a little doll." Eliorith took a deep breath. "I was thinking of that when I watched you sleeping in the carriage, my little love." 

"I don't remember that, father." Isonei tilted her head with a smile. 

"You wouldn't, you were just a baby." 

"Father wanted you to be brought in and warmed immediately." Onsh-Caeridith interrupted gently guiding her toward the door. "He remembers how quickly you chill, Lady Isonei." 

"Of course. Thank you for bringing the lap blankets. I don't know if Draeseth thanked you." 

"Brusquely. Father thought you might want them. One was for your lap and the other for your shoulders if the cloak became too heavy." 

"I slept under one." She smiled at his appalled look. "The inn was full, as your father said it would be. Master Gwathe did his best and I was very grateful for the arrangements he made for us and for the blankets you brought. I shared the carriage with six wonderful children that night." 

"It was a spacious carriage but six children... That seems unpleasant." He frowned and escorted her toward where her Daga stood, speaking to Daga Caeridith. 

"I enjoyed it. And I think it was more comfortable than sharing it with three Torgans would have been." Isonei took his hand, squeezing it briefly before she gave Daga Caeridith a bright smile. 

He returned it and reached out for her hands, "Lady Isonei, it's gratifying to see you safe and it will be a joy to have you sleep under my roof." 

"Thank you, Daga Caeridith, I've been looking forward to it and I have so much I want to tell you." 

"In the morning, daughter of Liadith. I have just offered our apologies for starting out from Oyeth Lothlaeri so late." Daga Liadith gave her a teasing smile. 

"My grandchildren have been too excited for their Uncle's return to sleep." Daga Caeridith gave Hesh a proud look, "You will all have to forgive me if I take my sons and retire for the night." 

"Of course, Daga Caeridith." Isonei gave Hesh a grateful smile, "I'll look forward to telling you the story of how your son and the gift you sent saved me and my friend Ximesra from the wretched box we'd been put in." 

"I look forward to hearing it." His green eyes lit from within and he broke into a broad smile. "My servants will show you all to your rooms." 

As she followed her Daga and the servant she heard Hesh protest modestly, "I barely did anything at all. It was her idea to use the book and Xagorath was the one who helped me and my men find them." 

Isonei stopped and turned back, but her Daga turned as well, taking hold of her arm. "Isonei, let them be for the night." 

"He's being too modest!" 

"You can chide him for it in the morning. I promise you'll have the opportunity to tell Daga Caeridith how much you appreciated his son's efforts." 

Sighing, she allowed herself to be turned back around, "Yes, my Daga." 

The sound of soft laughter and an inaudible murmur from behind them reached her ears as they rounded a corner. 

Her father was given a suite with her brothers and Oberath, and Xagorath and Ximesra were given a suite of their own. Isonei accompanied her Daga to the same suite she'd been taken to when she'd visited the house briefly before. Daga Liadith went into the study and Isonei accepted help undressing in the bath. 

She had finished washing and was enjoying soaking in the hot water when her Daga came to the doorway with a wry smile. "Are you trying to make up for all of the bathing you didn't get to do in Torga?" 

"I think I missed bathing more than I missed edible food." Isonei made a face and he laughed softly. 

"Your father said you eat poorly when you're unhappy, I'm not surprised. We'll be home tomorrow evening. I expect Daga Gildith will join us at some point during the day. I've written a brief note to be taken ahead to Arissa in the morning. We need to leave early." 

Isonei frowned slightly, sitting up in the water, "I didn't have a gift for Daga Caeridith the last time I was here, and-" 

"You'll have time to tell him how proud he should be of Hesh-Caeridith over breakfast." 

"That doesn't seem like enough, my Daga." 

"I can have your things brought if you wish to look through them and give him something." He smiled and shook his head. "Returning the book he gave you might not be taken well, even if you thank him for it lavishly." 

"I wouldn't return a gift that I cherish so much, but I might promise to bring it back on occasion so that his grandchildren can enjoy the stories." 

"I have no doubt he knows the stories by heart, sweet girl." Daga Liadith's eyes sparkled. 

Tilting her head as the idea occurred to her, Isonei hesitated for a moment before speaking, "Some of the stories mention Eshho. Do you think he would like to see the city?" 

"I think he might." He gestured for her to come out of the bath, "I'll have your sister's sketches fetched in the morning. Come to bed. I was told you need someone in bed with you. Oberath wanted to have you in their room." 

"He's very sweet." Climbing out, she began to dry herself. 

"He said you looked pitiful in the bed by yourself last night, curled in a little ball and clutching your pillow. And that when he climbed in with you, you clung to him like a vine. He's adamant that you not be made to sleep alone." 

"I can sleep alone, but I feel better when I have one of my family in bed with me." 

"You can sleep next to me if you need to, Isonei." 

"I can sleep alone, my Daga." She gave him an impish smile, "Besides, Oberath may come through the window again. I'd hate for him to feel unneeded." 

"I think your father and brothers will be able to stop him." The Daga hesitated, "Sleep in the bed with me. We're family, Isonei. It feels as if there's a distance between us that isn't there with your Aran family. Even Oberath seems-" He stopped himself and rubbed his eyes. 

"There is." Pulling on the nightdress that had been laid out for her, Isonei nibbled the inside of her lip with an apologetic frown. "I don't know why. There have been moments where I've felt almost as close to you as I did before I left with Draeseth, but you've had things to attend to. My Aran family has been taking turns keeping me company. They're there to be clung to." 

"Your Daga is here to be clung to, daughter of Liadith. You should stay at home until the bonds between us have been mended. I spoke to my father of the door you showed me, he sent me to the eldest. He was certain it can be reopened in the crypts." Daga Liadith put his arm around her as she came to him in the doorway. "Father enjoyed hearing of the house you dreamt of, but Gildith said I should have come into your bedroom. He said it looked like an untidy child's room but it smelled of Liadith." 

"It shouldn't have been untidy," Isonei frowned. 

"You were in disarray, sweet girl. You still are." He led her to the bedroom and tucked her into the bed before he began to remove his mantle. "He was concerned for a moment before he recognized the smell. Father said he never explained to you what it was." 

"I always thought it was just the way he smelled. It was always so soothing to be close to him, the way he smelled was comforting too." She rolled onto her side curling comfortably as he undressed. "You didn't smell like him when we were younger, but you do now." 

Daga Liadith laughed and when he looked at her his eyes were bright and clear, "The smell is part of who we are. During the Desecration, Liadith helped to put things right in the crypts of the other Dagas. The smell that hung in the air became part of us. It is remembered that we stepped forward for others, that we gave aid to those with whom we had quarreled because it was right. 

"I was raised on the stories, but somehow you seem to have taken the values father tried to instill to heart more fully." 

"They're Aran values too. Maybe I should read the book of Aran myths to you, my Daga." Isonei laughed as he made a face at her. 

"You read it to the Torgan Princesses?" 

"No, I told them stories I know from memory. Do you remember the Wretched Traveler?" 

Dressed in his nightclothes, he joined her in bed. "I hope you'll tell them to my children as well. I could never sit through them." 

"I didn't tell them as well when we were children. The Torgans seemed to enjoy them, even Draeseth did until his youngest brother made a comment that upset him." 

"How so?" 

"I was told that Adareth made a comment about me being a perfect woman. He said he wanted to dance with me and that he'd have never needed a second wife. Draeseth lost his temper and shouted at me in Torgan. But the children, my Daga, Princess Kas embraced me and assured me that I wasn't as undignified as a jester. Hodrim and Ror insisted the same. The Princesses are wonderfully sweet girls. The Princes kept saying I was like Kas when they met me." 

Isonei laughed to herself remembering, "When I was introduced to them I pretended I couldn't tell them apart because they had matching dresses and Kas pretended to be her sister. Ror was indignant. It didn't get better when I teased her saying she was a very mischievous girl to let her sister pretend to be her." 

Daga Liadith chuckled as Isonei curled close to him. "I look forward to you teasing my children. It may even keep me from being the butt of every joke." 

"You weren't the butt of every joke, my Daga. But Arissa and I do like to tease you. I didn't stop to think that it might have been a little overwhelming to go from a quiet house to one filled with teasing and laughter." 

"I enjoy it. I can't stand the thought of a quiet house again. I wouldn't mind a house full of daughters like Gildith, or a house full of sons like Caeridith. Arissa and I both want more than one." 

"I remember. You wanted four?" 

"I would be more pleased with two. She hasn't been sick the way I was told you were, but I've been worried. She falls asleep now in the middle of the day and my father remembers my mother doing that with me and the sister that died with her. If I lost Arissa..." 

"She's been visiting her mother? Lady Arnarra had twelve daughters, she'll have some advice to give that should comfort you both." 

"Yes. Her mother has given her some pages much like you did, things she should know, preparations she can make. It seems she accidentally gave birth to Alvara in the bath and chose to have the rest of her daughters there as well. She found it to be more gentle." 

Lifting her head, Isonei looked at him dubiously, "In the bath? That doesn't seem... ideal." 

"Daga Gildith had a pool made especially for her when she said it was easier. I've ordered the same to be made and Lady Arnarra will come to visit us before the birth to finish preparations, as she did for Arissa's sisters." 

"Will you talk to Daga Caeridith about introducing Hesh to Maraphina?" 

"They've met before. I need to broach the subject with Daga Gildith first. It will be a delicate matter for both fathers." 

Poking him gently in the side, Isonei asked pointedly, "It wasn't a delicate matter when it was my father?" 

Daga Liadith sucked his lips against his teeth and then sighed, "It was. I didn't handle it as well as I should have." Poking her back he added, "I apologized to him for that, among other things. You'll have to forgive me if I've learned to be more cautious from that mistake." 

"I understand, and there's nothing to forgive, but you might at least mention to him reintroducing the two so that he wouldn't be taken by surprise if something should come of it." She frowned and cuddled closer. "There are things I don't understand, like why one of them would have to be given over." 

"Arans add to their Houses without taking from other Houses." He sounded amused. 

"Yes! Why can't it be done that way here?" 

"Your father said that to me. I had to promise I wasn't taking you from him, I was adding to your family. And when we were discussing the crypts with Onsh-Velarith I could see my father was going to have some explaining to do. I didn't expect you to look to me for the answer." His tone was teasing. "My father is the one who knows everything, isn't he?" 

She poked him a little harder and he laughed. 

"One of them must be given over because you cannot serve more than one Daga. I could tell you disliked the thought of being given over to anyone else and that is something your match would have to persuade you into. Daughters of Liadith are known for charm and gentleness, but they're also known to cling to their Daga and take time to persuade. It was thought I might have been mistaken that you were a daughter of Liadith when you were willing to go with the Torgan." 

"I was willing to go with him for a year, and only because he was the first person to ever make me want to consider it. My brother," Isonei sighed, "Ivorith, chided me for being affectionate with Daga Lothlaerith because I have a reputation for fickleness. I take lovers but I don't consider allowing them to become... more." 

"Sweet girl, you aren't meant to allow them to become more. It isn't a flaw in your character." There was a pause as if he were thinking and then he added in a teasing tone, "Taking lovers might be seen as a flaw..." 

"Not when he gets to enjoy the things I've learned." 

He laughed again, "Having tried everything in the pages you gave us, I can believe that. We should sleep. I want to get home to my Arissa and it will be a long day of travel." 

"Yes, my Daga." Yawning, Isonei closed her eyes and let sleep pull her down. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Isonei woke as the Daga stirred, sitting up and stretching as he rose from the bed. 

"Oberath was right. You cling like a vine. I may have to put you in the rooms with your Aran family in my home, letting you sleep in the bed with Arissa and I would be too strange." 

"It wouldn't be so strange," she muttered half under her breath. His complaints about her clinging after he insisted she sleep in the same bed made her feel sulky and sour. Slipping from the bed she went to wash. 

"You don't have time to soak." 

"Then I won't soak, I still need to wash." It came out more sharply than she intended and Daga Liadith snapped his fingers. 

"Come here, Isonei." When she stood in front of him he took hold of her chin and peered down into her eyes. "You're angry with me." 

"You insisted I sleep in the bed with you, and now you're complaining that I cling." 

"It wasn't intended as a complaint, simply an observation. I am here to be clung to." 

"Which is why you want to put me with my Aran family, so that you don't have to endure it." 

He sucked his lips against his teeth, "If you want me to prove you wrong, you'll get what you wish for. Your father can take the time to recover from his illness. The eldest will insist that you be kept close until you are no longer in such disarray. You will stay with the elder Dagas in the crypts until you're more yourself." 

She folded her arms as she studied his face, "You'll really let me stay in the crypts, you aren't just saying that?" 

The sternness of his face softened, "Yes. I will let you explain to your Aran family that you want to stay there. Even Lerians might think I'm punishing you." 

"I love to be in the crypts. When I think of going home to Liadith, the crypts are the first place I want to go." 

"They will be. I think father would insist on it even if you didn't." He embraced her and rubbed her back until she unfolded her arms and wrapped them around him. "I wasn't trying to give you back to your Aran family out of a desire to no longer have you clinging to me. I wanted to make certain you had someone to cling to while I was having sex with Arissa." 
