 Jordan was swept over, when his feet touched the ground of his temporary home. It was rather strange for him to have enjoyed himself so greatly. His wings seemed to be elated as they just wanted to power away the remaining hour of darkness. His desire for flight was quickly shunned as something was most decidedly missing. He looked into the sky and saw nothing but the young glinting sunlight. 

"Lord Himeros." Jordan called out rather lost but his lack of new work. Although deep inside him he did not have the desire to get a new assignment, instead he heard the wings of another angel. His eyes glanced to the sky. "Oh God not this arrogant ass!" He spat as he realized who those damn pink wings belonged to.

"Hey Jordan it's been a long time. How is the job?" The small redhead asked with that damn conceited tone of his. "I mean just because the goddess of love likes you does not mean you are a good lover right?" 

"Well that depends Cupid." Jordan returned as he cocked his eyebrow. "It was you who was born of her where I was made into an angel from pleasing her." Jordan smirked knowing this would annoy the smaller angel. The bow was fast as an arrow was drawn out and aimed. 

"One shot asshole and that's it. I could shoot your assignment and make her never want to be near you or shoot her for you and make her fall for you." With that Jordan was on the little cherub, he grabbed him by the collar. The angels hit the wall and Jordan glared into the crystal clear blue of Cupid's eyes.

"Listen very carefully to me Cupid." His words were chosen with care as the bite of malice was being only slightly diminished. "You will not dare make a mortal fall for me or so help me by Himeros I will shove your bow so far up your ass you won't be able to fly straight again." This was not just a playful threat but one meant to make the cherub understand his standing. "I will make sure both your mother and grandfather know why I did it. They will tell me I should have pushed it deeper. Now get lost you spoiled little shit before I break your wings off again." Jordan growled, the truth behind his words dawning on Cupid's face. 

"I am The cherub of love. Don't you dare threaten me angel or my mother will have your head, lover or not," Cupid barely spat the words trying to regain his composure before flying away. Jordan held firmly for a moment to ensure his point was made. Once his hands had released the annoying angel, he was gone with only pink feathers in his place. 

"I hate that guy." Jordan muttered to no one as he changed his clothes and donned his jogging attire. He ran past Mary and gave her a wave while watching her face not just turn red but become every shade of red imaginable. "I guess she enjoyed herself." He whispered as he went on his several miles of running "I wonder if she will try to talk to me later?" His wings spread once no vehicles or people were in sight and off he went.

His feet set down upon the heavenly skies as his eyes looked at the paradise. Then his gaze shifted with his heels to the far off corner wrapped in lavender. His feet moved quickly though flying was a better option. He just wanted to get in and out without notice. Headquarters was always kind of off putting since most training and new staff were either having sex or teaching it. They call it the art of pleasure school and even though it's not a large building it was very often full. Himeros did all the filing and paperwork with his underlings, so the rest of the teams dedicated themselves to sex or other such activities. 

"Jordan what a divine pleasure seeing you here." A chirping in the voice meant one thing and this was not why he was here. A tall woman with lavender hair and glowing green eyes walked over to him. Her lips parted to press into his only to meet the tip of his index finger. 

"Eliza I am not here for a social call I need to see one of the gods." He said softly as his rejection had clearly hurt the angel. She puffed up her chest and marched to the reception desk to check her schedules. 

"Well sorry sour puss but they are all booked solid for at least a few years." She spoke with a darkening chipper tone hoping that this would in fact, get her what she wanted. That however would not be the case as the large door behind her opened. "Oh no, Jordan run she is thirsty today!" The older angel called out as several large muscled men with perfect abs and pecs stumbled from the room in the lobby. They all wore a look of exhaustion and disgrace as they collapsed into a pile of limp bodies.

"Jordan my mortal angel have you come to satisfy your goddess?" The voice of Aphrodite was that of silk woven by the finest seamstress. It caressed the very soul of those who heard it. This tone it carried was one of want and desire for the release of tensions, long overdue. 

"My lady Aphrodite I am here on business but I will make time for you. If you would be so kind to do the same." Jordan spoke with confidence when referring to his desires with her. He knew just how to arouse her and make her squeal. That is why she made a once mortal man into her favorite angel of pleasure. 

Her long slender, toned and tanned legs moved with inhuman swiftness. Her lips so full and plump pressed to his with a burning unmistakable need. The eyes of the onlookers either widened or shifted away. They either were jealous or astounded as to the Goddess' reaction to seeing the angel. Her hair was woven from only the golden strands of sunlight. Her eyes sparkled as if the stars themselves swelled within them. She had such a look of purity, yet hidden beneath it was a lusting goddess only seeking pleasure and release.

"So Jordan, what can I do for my angel?" The goddess asked with a seductive slow finger crossing beneath Jordan's chin. Her body leaned into his and her chest slowly heaved matching his breathing.

"I came to get some information. However my lady, I will let that wait since your desire are palpable." Jordan's voice became silky smooth as his index finger lifted her chin up slowly and his lips met hers with an ocean of depth. This kiss lit a spark inside the goddess and her body moved on its own. Her legs sprung up, wrapping around his waist, holding him snugly. The heat coming from her barely covered goddesshood was felt by the angel. His legs moved them both through the door to her room.

"Oh someone is in a hurry." Her singsong voice cooed softly on his ears. She wanted this and was going to use every trick she had, to get what she wanted. "Come my angel show those so called men why I chose you." She begged, her back bouncing off the bed. She wanted to rush and grabbed the hem of her silk gown. With a pull she had it on her head but Jordan grabbed her arms and pinned them over her head. The gown covering her face. His lips met her neck blowing softly between slow inhales. This one action made her skin crawl and her body tense. 

"Aphrodite I need an answer." Jordan used the voice of dominance in her covered ear. His hands deliberately sliding between her legs and each finger playing like a keyboard on her thighs. Each note a gentle coo or a soft moan. The sonata of the flesh only growing louder. The crescendo was rising and her hips with it. Just as the delicate pianist reached the final notes. He stopped playing. 

"Damn you, Jordan!" She cried out in agony hoping she would get what she wanted. She whimpered her eyes still covered by her gown and her wrists pinned. The delicate touch did not progress. Jordan waited for the words she would have for him. Those carnal needs that only a few could satisfy and his magic fingers knew exactly what keys to play. "Please, Jordan, please don't stop." She whispered through her shallow breaths. 

"Tell me why I have no new work and I will give you what you need, my lady." He whispered in a smoldering voice just above her ear as his fingers began to play again with the soft flesh of her thighs. "My harmonies can go on for hours or only last a few moments, my lady." 

"Jordan, I swear, I will tell you just please, make me come." She cried out and several heads turned to her room and the doors leading to it. 

"Damn her. Taking him all to herself and begging for more." Eliza cursed under her breath while giving the set of men some water. She dumped it on their heads and walked away, blaming them for her loss.

"That's a good goddess, now come." His voice shattered the illusion. His fingers slid in with speed and force grabbing her inner secrets with all they had. His thumb pressing the button of her swollen clit at the same moment. This motion was just what she needed and her body erupted in a violent orgasm. Her entire frame shook in delight because while her lovers fucked away, only Jordan took the time to love her body.

"Jordan you are not going to like this." The goddess said finally freeing her head from the cover. "I have bad news my angel of pleasure." She was intentionally not telling him what was up because this little bit of information would send him into a fury.

"Well then my goddess, I don't usually say this but, spit it out." Jordan laughed hoping she would answer him. His patience was thin since he had not gotten anything out of pleasing her. 

"Livia has escaped." She said dejected and now scooting back into the bed.

"WHAT?!" Jordan roared now his emotions running from him. "That succubus is loose? How the fuck did she get free?" He demanded, seeing the goddess cower before his rage. 

"She seduced a newer angel and stole his power to escape. She nearly killed him." She said now losing her hormones for trepidation. 

"Where did she go?" Jordan asked now rising up and standing over the bed. His eyes sought his vengeance of her stealing his life away. 

"She escaped into the internet and has made a contract with someone. We cannot touch her unless he surrenders her to us." Aphrodite said staring deeply into his eyes. "Look she stole away your life force and I returned it. She tricked you once and you caught her for us by pleasuring her into submission."

"Now She has escaped after a thousand years because some idiot was seduced and let her out of her cell." Jordan took a breath and looked away from Aphrodite. "I managed to make a deal with her but once she was locked away the contract was voided and I doubt she will sign a new one."

"Jordan we need to stop all assignments until we find her. With our interference in the mortal world she would get power from our people. We can't let her to get us. Himeros swales her powers once we just need to make sure we can subdue her." The goddess was rambling now. The fear of that queen of succubi was not a joke. 

"How much power does she have and how many angels are out there now?" Jordan asked staring at the window hoping no one heard him shouting. 

"We have one near her new master but it won't take long for her to take the young man's sexual energy." Aphrodite was using her small voice, clearly upset now,

"She is smarter than that. I will find her though and I will still do my job." He shouted and took off. He beat his wings hard and fast leaving the heavens.