 This chapter was a rushed job but I hope it satisfies. I have plans for this series.

*****

"Listen you little whore. I am not asking you for a favor. I am telling you to do this." Jordan hissed into his magical phone. He was not happy about working with this arrow slinging asshole but for Mary it was a sacrifice willingly made. 

"Hey just because you and mom fuck, does not mean you get to give me orders." Cupid shouted back through the phone. The little indignant bastard was going to make this hard.

"Look you don't have to sleep with the bitch. I just need you to distract the woman for about twenty minutes. I am sure even a failure like you, can do that!" Jordan returned angrily, almost spitting into the phone. 

"Jordan, I am not about to do you any favors. You owe me for that mess in China, remember." Cupid snarled thinking this was over and he had won. 

"The only reason you can say that is because I did not tell your mother about that whole Trojan mess." Jordan spat back knowing he had won now. "You remember when you dropped a whole quiver of arrows onto that noble crowd. You started a war and only was saved by my efforts. Use your damn head, if you want to hold something over someone you have to have the better hand."

"Fuck, i thought you forgot about that" cupid said now feeling his defeat. 

"How could i forget bedding a queen, to end a war. She was so stirred up, it was like fucking a wild animal." Jordan laughed and was joined by Cupid on the other end. 

"Fine, Jordan i will give you twenty minutes to get away." Cupid said as he was ready to hang up.

"Eight, am Cupid be there and dress nice." Jordan gave the order before hanging up. 

"That low life bastard, giving me orders. I would end him if i could but i will wait to have a duel with him." Cupid had a wicked smile on his face thinking of finally beating his ultimate rival. 

------

The next morning came and Jordan was out running. He went right past Mary's house and saw the curtain slam closed from the front room. He stifled a laugh and kept on running. Mary was hiding in her room from her mother. The latter of whom spent the night banging and screaming at her from the hall. Mary saw Jordan run by and waved to him. He turned and ran sideways to mime the number eight with his fingers. Mary gave a quick nod and closed her curtain. 

Once he could no longer see her, Jordan took off at full speed and leapt into the air spreading his mighty wings. He soared back to his place and landed knowing he had about two hours to get ready. He used a spell to change his clothes to a short sleeve button down kept open with a pair of shorts.

"That look suits you, douchebag" Cupid mocked coming through the ceiling. He just plopped onto the couch which spat out a cloud of dust.

"Yeah and that one suits the dirty whore you are." Jordan laughed. He made some tea using an aphrodisiac tea leaf. The smell enveloped the entire house. Even the irritated cupid had to smile at the scent.

"As much as I hate you. You sure can brew some fine blood orchid tea." Cupid said taking a cup for himself.

"Just because we don't get along, does not mean we cannot be civil." Jordan finished his words with a sip of tea. "Or not." he grabbed the arrow fired at him from the air. "Can't have you scarring this face before my date."

"Figured you would catch that. That reminds me Jordan, why are you taking so much time for this case? I mean Livia is loose and probably looking for you." Cupid asked downing his glass of tea and having his cock grow in his pants. 

"Livia being free does not change that Mary has a god given right to experience pleasure. She has been hurt and attacked many times. She deserves this more than most and i won't let Livia or anyone stop that." Jordan said pouring them both another cup of tea.

"You act noble with that pride of yours but, we both know that is only part of the reason you are doing this" Cupid said this as his clothes changed into a fine suit. 

"You think you know me Cupid, but you are mistaken. How many people have we gone out of our way to help? We are angels of love and pleasure and as such it's our duty to bring those joys to the world." Jordan was being solemn in his words but maybe the cherub was right about him. How many times was he rejected by women and men for not being attractive enough? How many times had he been shunned for not having wealth? He was from a time where the slaves had nothing and never would. Every chance he had to give the pleasures of the flesh was denied until she came along. 

"You are thinking about my mother aren't you?" Cupid asked sullenly, looking into his tea cup. 

"Sorry, Cupid. If it was not for your mother, I would have never experienced the pleasures of the flesh. I was too poor to afford a whore. I was a slave and even a slave gets a shot. I was born without looks or wealth and cursed with disease. She gave me a chance to please her and I used everything I had heard of. A rumor, or whisper from a master. Every piece of knowledge I had at my disposal. She took pity on me and made me an angel." 

"Jordan, if i know one thing for sure is that my mother pities no one." Cupid was still staring into his cup as his mouth formed the next words. "She saw your potential from our palace. She wanted to see if you would truly appreciate her and you did. She chose you over everyone else in your time. Don't you dare take that as pity." 

"Thank you, Cupid" Jordan said smiling and waving away the tea set. It went to the sink and washed itself clean before resetting on the table. 

"Don't thank me yet, Jordan. We have work to do and if Mary is truly worth the trouble. I will make sure that behemoth is too busy to interfere." Cupid leapt to his feet and strode to the door. "See you in ten minutes you, douchebag" he called slamming the door hard. Cupid walked down the drive and materialized a black town car. "That man was a blessing to the world and you saw that mother."

Jordan waited ten minutes before leaving and hopping into the SUV. He drove up to the road next to Mary's and honked the horn. He saw her mother make a move before Cupid drew an arrow tip and stuck it in her hip. She turned to the tall man before her and her anger melted to amour. She jumped toward him arms held out. He evaded her grasp and slipped into the house. She followed him as Mary swerved around them. 

"Hey, Jordan." she called from the lawn. Her feet carried her to the car quickly and she hopped in. her outfit was a checkered button down tied off at her stomach with jean shorts. 

"Good morning, Mary. How are you doing today?" Jordan asked seeing the bags under her eyes.

"Tired, mom kept me up all night with her screaming. She kept asking if i wanted the police and was making it hard to sleep." She said staring out the window and trying not to cry. 

"Well then, take a nap. It's a long drive to the lake and some rest will do you some good." Jordan said watching the rode and seeing the shadow of large wings flying over head. "Asshole" he whispered to himself thinking that was barely five minutes.

He drove fast but not fast enough to disturb his sleeping passenger. The lake was about two hours away by car. He did it in about half of that. He let Mary sleep as he set up a small area by the water but away from prying eyes. A quick wave of his hand and what he needed appeared. A blanket with a large towel under that. The brush moved and mended to hide the spot but still allow a view of the water. A basket of food and a cooler of drinks. His research on her had her favorites listed so it was easy to be ready. Of course he did not only have what she liked. He mixed in a few random drinks and sandwiches just to throw it off.

Once it was all ready, he went to fetch the sleeping beauty. He found the car being watched by a rather attractive man and noticed there was something inhuman about him. He opened the door and saw the man walk away. He was greeted by a woman with flaming red hair and piercing red eyes. Mary stirred in his arms and it distracted him to look away. 

"Hey." she sleepily said looking up at him. He smiled and leaned down giving her a kiss. He looked up at the couple he had seen but they were gone. "Something wrong Jordan?" 

"No, not at all Mary. Just thought I saw someone I know." he said setting her feet down on the soft earth of the trail. 

"Did you say hello?" she asked looking at him and smiling at the sight of his toned body. That open hanging shirt really suited him. 

"No they were gone before I could." Jordan said sending a text out to the information department. He had to be sure but something said he was right. "Anyway, I found a spot that has a great view." He lead the way taking her hand and making the poor deprived girl turn red again. His hand was so warm, was the only thought in her head. She loved his touch and just about everything about, him. 

"Jordan, this is amazing. The lake looks so good here." Mary shouted from their little hiding place. The trail they had traveled was slowly vanishing to keep things private. 

"Yeah but this view is only the second best one here." Jordan said taking his phone out and snapping a picture of her. The water as her backdrop only made the sun shine brighter on it.

"That was so corny." Mary laughed staring at the photo he took. "So how many women are on your phone huh, Jordan?" She asked going through the pictures. 

"Just you Mary." Jordan said making no attempt to take back his phone. He was not lying after all. He took pictures of each assignment but then hung them on his wall in the palace. Each one was special and each one was a fond memory. 

"Oh. you don't keep dirty pictures of your exes?" Mary asked with a rye smile tossing his phone to him.

"No need to keep such things when I can always see someone else. Clinging to the past is a waste of time." Jordan caught his phone and left it on the towel beside them. He laid back resting his hands under his head staring at the canopy. 

"Wish I was that strong to just move on from the past." Mary said shifting her weight and laying on her side next to him. 

"It's not strength. I just choose not to waste time without the need. My work keeps me moving and I try to make the most of everything I do. Every stop is a new chance to make a friend or lover. Long distance never works for me." he said flatly as he knew the next question would be the obvious one.

"So, then am I just another fling before you move on for work?" Mary asked raising an eyebrow. Jordan knew to tread carefully here but the answer was, yes.

"Hardly, Mary, I have spent a great deal of effort and time with you. When work calls I will have to go but I will always remember you in particular." He cupped her face softly to emphasize his point. His eyes never left hers until she decided to look away. 

"Oh, I see. Maybe i should just go home before I get my hopes up." She said looking out at the water. A hearty sigh left her lips. Her eyes just gleaming with what would be tears.

"Mary, I have told you that I will live my life to the fullest. I think you should do the same. I am sure you have your reasons for the reservations you have but the past can only hurt us if we let it." Jordan spoke softly not trying to be persuasive or aggressive just a friend.

"It's not that easy." she said wrapping her arms around herself. 

"It seems that way but it is that simple," Jordan said taking his shirt off and pecking her cheek. "Now then would you join me for a swim?" he asked now changing topic to try and cheer her up. 

Mary stood up and took her shirt off revealing the light blue bikini top underneath. The shorts followed and showed off a great pair of legs as well as a blue bottom. She ran past him and jumped into the freezing water. Jordan stood there laughing, before jumping in after her. The icy water was refreshing from the scorching sun. Mary had her nipples rigid in seconds and Jordan shook with frigid excitement. Mary splashed at him once he surfaced, hitting him square in the face. 

"Hey now." he said splashing her right back. They swam around for a little bit before Mary leapt from the water.

"Shit I need to put on sunscreen before I fry." she cried, drying herself with the towel on the ground. Jordan joined her and sifted through the basket pulling out a bottle of spf 70, he tossed the bottle to her and let her rub it in. She handed it to him. "Care to get my back?" she asked, smiling with a hint of mischief. 

"Sure thing." he responded waiting for her to lay on her belly. Jordan slowly rubbed the lotion into her back. After he was done he began massaging her back and shoulders. Mary shuddered under his touch, feeling herself relax. 

"That feels so nice." Mary whispered feeling her body relax even further with the acknowledgement of how she felt. Her body was melting at his touch like the night before. 

"Mary, I hate to be pushy but would you mind removing your top?" he asked figuring she would say no but her hand came up and undid the top. He got to work rubbing his fingers into her soft skin. The pulsing and rubbing of his hands only made her think of last night. Her womanhood began to moisten itself with the memories. His hands were so warm and his touch was unreal. Her body just responded to it. 

"Jordan, can i ask you for a kiss?" she was not begging but there was a pleading need in her voice. Her body turned over to face him, showing off her firm soft breasts. Mary looked into his eyes and reached up for him. He met her halfway and pushed her back to the blanket. The kiss was fire to her lips. This kiss was more aggressive than the previous ones. It held a fire in it that was melting all resistance. Mary knew they were outside but that did not matter. They were in public but that did not matter either. She needed him and that was clear he needed her.

"Tell me. Do you want to finish what we started or have lunch then dessert?" he asked knowing the answer. His fingers crept over her bottoms rubbing between her thighs. Her response was to spread her legs further apart, giving better access. 

"I want you Jordan" Mary begged remembering his thing about hearing what she wanted to do, just to be clear. Her words were finished with a deep satisfied moan. Jordan had brushed his thumb over her clit and pressed down hard on it. Meanwhile he was kissing her neck and collarbone causing her to shiver and quake. She reached up and grabbed his back, pulling him into her lips and feverishly kissing him. His fingers wound under the ties of her bottoms releasing them. The thin material peeled away from her damp womanhood. He moved like a cat ready to pounce. His tongue drew a line down her neck to her breasts. It circled each one before suckling the nipples hard. Mary arched her back hard to meet his mouth. He let her press hard into him. His manhood had grown up while he worked her body. When she arched hard to him it ground the trunks to her bare pussy. 

"Oh you shaved since last night." Jordan said feeling her mound with the tips of his fingers. 

"I heard guys like that." she said turning her head away from him and finally composing herself to cover her chest. 

"I suppose we do" Jordan responded before lowering his lips to her delicate slit and giving it a gentle wisp of hot air. Her body shuddered under this new attack. This man could make her body do anything he wanted. With her past she should resist but she never did. Another quake ran through her when she realized his tongue had run a pass over her moist lips. His tongue began to gently lap at her entrance. After several more of these passes it slipped into her sanctuary. The heat from his tongue swirling inside her body made her shiver from the outside air. 

"Oh my god" was the words that escaped through her moans. The air was fleeing her lungs faster than she could suck it in. His lips pressed to her swollen nub and he hummed hard sending pure vibrations, rocketing through her entire body. "Fuck" she moaned loudly arching her hips into his mouth. His tongue began exploring her insides again slowly, methodically and with a strange precision. Every inch he could reach, he did and with perfect fineness.

"Mary , you may come anytime you wish." Jordan said as if she was holding back but the truth was she was desperately trying not to finish too fast. Her body writhed with his permission all the same. With each hot breath that slipped into her, each slow wet caress of his tongue, each flick at her clit, with every move his mouth made on womanhood, she was driven to her climax. Her entire body quaked as her sweet honey came gushing forth into Jordan's waiting mouth. He swallowed each squirt with a savage thirst. Mary was just moaning in ecstasy as her climax came down, she touched her back to the blanket. 

"Jordan, that was the most amazing thing I have ever felt." She was gasping loudly still trying to catch her breath. Her body shaking on the blanket. Jordan covered her with the towel and pulled a cold water.

"Here, you need to rehydrate." he said handing her the bottle and sitting next to her. His eyes stared out at the water as his cock twitched inside the trunks. Mary noticed the motion and could not help but stare at the impressive tent, he was pitching. She took several slow swigs of the water and put the bottle down. Her hand reached out in curiosity to his bulge. He noticed her reach and took her hand gently, in his. 

"Don't you think I should return the favor to you?" She was not really asking but implying it to him.

"You owe me nothing of the sort. I won't stop you later if you wish to reciprocate but for now let's eat and let your body recover." He handed her a few things before picking a turkey sandwich for himself.

"Thanks" She replied picking out a sandwich for herself as well as some fruit. "Do you always treat women this nicely when seducing them?" Her question certainly caught him by surprise but he just smiled finishing the sandwich in his mouth.

"I treat women how i think they deserve to be treated. I treasure my time with any woman who would allow me to touch them in such an intimate manner." He spoke softly finishing his sandwich and downing half a bottle of water.

"That answer sounds rehearsed." Mary was no fool and her wit let her catch on easily.

"To be fair, you are not the first to ask me that" He responded quietly and turned to her.

"Jordan can I confess something?" He knew what she wanted to say and just nodded for her to go on. "I am a virgin and have no idea how to even have sex. I have been attacked by every guy I dated and never got even close to willingly doing what we have." She was about to break down in fear and anxiety. The being nude under the towel probably did nothing to help. 

"Mary being a virgin is nothing to be ashamed of. Any man who would try to hurt you when they were told no is a god damn soulless bastard." The first time Jordan ever showed anger was this moment and his eyes held fire far greater than his kisses. "I won't hurt you like they did. I will listen and should you say no, I will obey it with absolute certainty."

"Someone hurt you too?" she asked not even thinking about it. Her hands flew up and covered her mouth in shock.

"That obvious huh?" Jordan laughed taking her hands from her mouth.

"Sorry" Mary mumbled facing the ground. 

"It's ok. I have let that part of my troubles go. It was a long time ago anyway." He was calm again and just smiled at Mary. 

"Jordan?"

"Yes?"

The answer never came though. Her lips met his with all she had. She shoved him to the ground crawling on top of him. Her lips were frantic, trying so hard to dominate his. Her thoughts of reservation had left her and her body needed more of his magic touch. She mounted his lap and the only thing stopping her virginity from being given up was his trunks. 
