 She reached over and turned out the light. 

Another night alone. Since his death she had found succor in time by herself. Sleep being her best release. She could still smell him in the bed clothes, still feel him in her sleep. They were so much of a couple, one came with the other. A kind of matched set. 

Her friends were worried about her. It had been a while since his death and she showed no signs of "coming out of it", and beginning her life without him. And yet she was not ready to let go. She felt that there was unfinished business. 

She held his pillow close to her, she could still sense his scent in it, and faded off to sleep.

In the darkness she awoke with a start. She felt something brush against the side of her cheek. Perhaps it was only the breeze from the open window. She reached for the light, but it had somehow moved. In the darkness she became concerned, as she was alone in the house and, well you know...

She tried to find the flashlight in the night stand, and found an empty drawer. 

She again felt a touch on her cheek, familiar, familiar yet cool. More sense than physical. Almost as if...

No, she said to herself, dead is dead. He's gone and he can't come back to me. 

Another light brush across her arm startled her. 

This time she screamed. 

And woke up in bed, bathed in sweat and breathing heavily. 

After a moment she turned on the light, it was where it should be, and looked around her room. All was as it should be. She checked the drawer for the flashlight, found it and tested it. 

My God, she thought as she lay back down in her bed. 

She lay there for a time with the light on, and slowly drifted back to sleep, his pillow clutched to her tightly. 

The touch, light and soft, almost a caress, awakened her again. In the darkness she could sense a presence. 

Her hair stirred. 

This was beginning to freak her out. 

Until she felt her lips being kissed. Then she knew.

"Is that you?" she whispered to the night.

Her lips were kissed again. 

With her eyes wide open, she saw no one, but still felt her lips pressed by another's. 

"If it's you, kiss me again, like you mean it"

Slowly she felt her lips pressed, and then parted slightly, as if by a lover. One who new what she wanted. Her head pressed into the pillow and then was released after a moment. 

Her eyes were wide open, in the darkness, yet she could see nothing. 

She felt something caress her neck, and slowly cross her shoulder. She felt herself becoming aroused. Her nipples became erect under the blanket she had over her body. She felt that feeling inside of her, something she had not felt for a long time. 

She was also very confused and a little frightened. 

A light caress, traversed her belly and tickled her pubic hair. She closed her legs around it, but it was gone.

The caress returned and cupped her breasts, squeezing them gently, as if weighing them, or having touched them for the first time. 

She felt herself breathing hard and felt moisture between her now closed legs.

"Who or what are you?" she whispered to the night. 

Again, no reply from the cool night air. 

She felt it rather bizarre speaking to the empty room. But also felt that something was here.

A light touch to her thigh gave her a start, and she awakened to her room with the light on. She blinked in the brightness of the light. Feeling very insecure. 

Glancing at her clock she noticed that it was almost time to get up to go to work. She threw back the covers and got up to get ready. 

Passing the mirror, she looked at herself and paused. She could see marks on her body. Small oval marks, spaced as if someone had grabbed her hard and left finger sized bruises. Her breasts and thighs. She touched one of her breasts, and was rewarded with the slight pain of bruised skin. 

She spent the day as if in a cloud. Her mind replaying her dreams of the previous night. They were so vivid and so very real. But they were only dreams.

But her bruises were real. She could attest to that. 

By the end of the day she had allowed her work to drive the dreams from her mind. But by the time she came back to her townhouse, the dreams were in the forefront of her mind. She was not one to believe in the supernatural, nor was she religious in any way. She was pragmatic and logical. That's on of the many things he had loved about her.

As she went about making her meal and doing the mundane tasks of life, she allowed her mind to wander and consider what had happened. After weighing all of the options, she decided that perhaps she would seek some professional help. As she felt that the bruising was caused by her own actions, and that was the only plausible explanation. 

With that decision made she answered some e-mails, read a bit and then prepared for bed. She glanced in the mirror and could still see the finger marks on her breasts and thighs, she turned slightly to have a better look, her breasts swaying slightly. She examined her thighs and after a few moments was satisfied. She told herself she would awaken if her dreams went down this path again. 

As was her habit she read for about half an hour before turning out the light. Soon she was sleep. 

She was awakened to a gentle touch on her cheek, as if lips were grazing her skin. Laying on her side, she felt hands on her body slowly caressing her. Touching her, in very intimate places. Her initial fear gave way to arousal as the touch she felt had penetrated into her most private place. She could feel as though someone was stimulating her. She at first closed her legs tightly, to avoid the touch, as she felt violated. But after a moment, she gave herself over and relaxed to accept what was happening. 

Whom ever( what ever?) was doing this knew well how to touch a woman. No groping around, just a light pleasurable touch. Her smooth smooth skin around her sex was touched and caressed, as if by a lover. 

She could feel something against her back, nothing solid, just a presence. Hands touching her skin, and a warmth on her backside. Her belly was caressed, and her breasts were touched. She felt lips press against her neck and shoulders. And every now and then she thought she could feel a tongue between those lips. After a few moments, she felt something press against her sex. As if asking to enter. She opened her legs, and she felt a finger inside of her. She reached down with one hand, but knew she would find nothing. 

The finger, oh now there were two, inside her moved around slowly, and then was removed. It grazed her clit and she moaned slightly. 

She now sensed a change on position of the form behind her. She sensed it move and she became aware of lips on her inner thighs. Slowly they made there way to her sex, all the while she felt those soft smooth hands touching her skin and caressing, reassuring her. A this point she lost all of her inhibitions to this presence and allowed it to have her completely. She felt nibbles, licks and tastes being taken from her. A tongue began to tease her clit, a gasp escaped her lips and she grabbed her pillow in lieu of someone to hold on to.

This presence took her to a place she had never been before. To the edge and back again, until finally she found screaming release.

She awoke to find herself alone in her bed, the covers kicked off and strewn on the floor. Her skin was covered in a sheen of sweat. She could still feel her sex throbbing from the release she had just experienced. Her mind was reeling in total confusion. 

She turned on the light and looked in the mirror at her naked form. 

The bruises on her breasts appeared to be fading, faster than she would have expected. But new bruises now appeared on her thighs and belly. 

She watched herself reach down and touch the purple skin, and then over to her sex. It was un marked, yet she could see her moisture, the fruit of her arousal. Her fingers lingered for a moment. Touching. Then she brought them to her lips. 

She remembered how much he had enjoyed pleasing her in this way. He had remarked more than once, that to him, she tasted like heaven. 

She tasted herself. For the first time. Salty she thought, but pleasurable. She'd never understood until now.

She gathered the bed covers back up, and lay down in her bed to try to understand what was happening. Holding his pillow close to her, she wept softly. For the first time since the service.

The morning dawned clear and cold. She awoke from a dreamless sleep. Her alarm droned on for a moment, until she reached over to turn it off.

It had been over a month since she had any of the vivid dreams. Her skin again was unblemished by bruise or mark.

Still in the back of her mind she thought, occasionally, about it. The help she got seemed, to her, to be not worth her time. So she had stopped after the second session.

She went through a normal un eventful day. Her friends had invited her to go out later that evening. Her first impulse was to decline, but she thought about it and accepted. She would join them later in the evening. She wanted to nap for a while first.  

As was her practice she completely disrobed for her nap. She noted the time and set the alarm incase she slept too long. She closed her eyes and soon sleep came. 

At once she felt a touch, more insistent than the past. Urgent. She responded slowly. Wondering where it would lead. 

Her lips were met by lips and she could feel an open mouth and tongue teasing hers. She could feel arms around her and a gentle strength holding her. Her curiosity was now aroused, among other things, and she allowed herself to respond without any reserve. She welcomed the embrace of this invisible lover. 

She reached out in the darkness and found she could feel a presence, almost ghostlike. A difference in the air. And yet where she was in contact, it felt solid, warm. 

His, she decided this, lips were on her neck, her ear, lips, eyes, throat, breasts, with a hunger, she'd not experienced. It made her feel alive, womanly, and sexual. She felt his hands on her body. Touching, holding, caressing, teasing. And he knew her wants. 

Her decision that this lover of hers was a he, was confirmed. When she felt something warm, firm and just a bit overpowering began to fill her sex. She lay back and allowed it to fill her completely. She gasped at the sensation, warm yet cool, firm and strong. She longed to hold her lover close, and see into his eyes. If it was possible. 

Gently and with a slow rhythm, she felt him moving inside of her. She began to lose herself completely. 

"who are you?" She moaned.

She thought she heard a whisper but could not make it out. She bit her lip, trying to hold back the wave building inside of her. She knew when it crested it would be over again. She was able to hold on for a while, but her body betrayed her. A release swept over her as none had ever before. It was as if every fiber of her being had been aroused. 

She knew that someone would hear her screaming, but she didn't care. 

She opened her eyes and realized that it was not over, and that her lover was still there and he was still inside of her. 

She reached down to find that his sex was something she could touch. When she did he paused. And then she felt it sliding out of her. An odd sensation of physical emptiness took it's place. She glanced down towards what she held in her hands and could see an faint outline of his manhood, glistening in the darkness, her wetness covering it. 

With gentle guidance she coaxed it up to her mouth where she tasted it with her tongue. After licking it clean of herself, she opened her mouth and slowly began to partake of him orally. 

In the darkness she could hear faint sounds of pleasure, so she redoubled her efforts. Maybe, she thought, she could draw him out with her talents. She was rewarded by an soft almost inaudible moan.

Which turned out to be her alarm clock. She awakened to fine herself drenched in sweat. Her sex felt very - er- well used . She slapped the mattress in frustration - she was so close. She could still taste him on her lips. She could still feel what he was like inside of her. 

And yet she still did not know what was going on. 

She hurriedly showered and got ready to go out with her friends as planned. Dinner and a trip to a few night clubs. She enjoyed the evening out, but was a bit distracted. This was commented on, but she was able to brush it off with a smile and a quick reply. When the opportunity presented itself, she made a gracious exit, and hurried home.

When she arrived she made a thorough examination of the rooms of her home. Finding nothing amiss, she locked her front door and made herself ready for bed. She examined herself in her bedroom mirror. Her breasts were round firm and proud, she tweaked her nipples and was rewarded with a jolt through her body. Her tummy soft and feminine, her bum round and pleasing to the eye. Her sex was hidden by a thin covering of pubic hair, that she kept trimmed, because she liked it that way. 

She lay down in her bed and turned out the light. She waited. It seemed a long time before she finally fell asleep. 

She heard a whisper, low, pleading.

"Finish me, please finish me...."

She opened her eyes, and could see a figure in the darkness, glowing a dark blue. For man it was large, muscular and a bit unnerving. She could see his erection, and it was as she had remembered large and very thick. 

Due to the state of his arousal of his passion of the moment, the base of his member was a brighter color of blue, and one looked up it's length, the color gradually changed from blue to purple to a deep red. His glans seemed to throb in the darkness. His nut sack also was of a brighter blue, almost purple hue. It too seemed to throb in the darkness.

"I can hear you" She replied

"Yessss" he breathed.

"And I can see you there in the darkness"

She took his member gently in her hands and tried to pick up where she left off. She stroked it gently and licked the end with her tongue. 

" Who are you?" She breathed on it.

"I'm not... allowed... to say" he panted.

"mmm... you've been teasing me for a while, maybe I should tease you, until you answer me" She said, wickedly. 

She took him in her mouth for a few seconds and then released him. As she did his coloring intensified, when she released him it subsided. 

She had him lay down so she could have her way with him. kneeling between his legs she took him in her mouth again. With each movement, sliding up and down his shaft, she for him becoming more solid, denser, as if she was providing essence to his being. 

This turned her juices loose inside of her as she realized this. She could feel her wet sex between her legs. And now more than ever she wanted this being's cock inside her. 

Cock, she thought and giggled inside. She could tell the being was near, and she did not want to miss this. She crawled on top of him, he was quite substantial now, and slowly eased her self down on his member.

"should I just sit here?" She asked

She felt his hands on her hips, lifting her slowly, she could feel every bump and wrinkle slide across her clit, as he lifted her up and slid her back down. 

She reached down between her legs to touch herself and his member, and found that he'd vanished. 

"NO!" she cried, "don't go!"

She felt him reappear behind her. She could feel his hardness in the small of her back. 

Her eyes widened as he bent her forward, she could feel his breath on her neck. It was cool and moist. Most unnatural. Then she felt him press against her. He entered her quickly, and deeply. She felt weak, and lay her head on the bed. her bum remained in the air only because he held it there. 

With that he began a long slow screwing of her. For a time the only sound was their breathing and the soft slapping of their skin as he stroked in and out of her, having her feel his full length.

She could feel his strength, and power growing as they began to ride the wave. Hers was a wild ride. All of her senses were attenuated. His hands wandered across her body, touching, squeezing, caressing but mostly exploring her. 

Her first orgasm was so intense, she felt as if she screamed into her pillow for time unending. 

Her second orgasm was a more subtle beast, but no less shattering to her. She felt numb.

Then she began to feel it.

His was coming on. His breathing became labored and deep. She felt him begin to struggle and push. For a fleeting moment she worried that he might cause her pain. But somehow she knew he would not. 

He cried out in a loud voice and as he did she felt herself filled with the warmth of his seed. She was so overwhelmed that for the first time in her life, she came for a third time. 

They collapsed on the bed in a tangle. 

She could see him now pulsating orange and red in the darkness.

Clearly.

Her eyes widened...

For there before her was a demon. Just as if it had been drawn from old English lore.

She almost screamed again, this time in terror. But there was a familiarity to the demon. Something she felt she knew. She covered her open mouth and regarded the beast in it's nakedness. 

It stared back her with large pulsating, deep red eyes. Desire now sated, it appeared to be fading slowly. It's erection becoming flaccid, color deepening to purple. She realized that soon it would be gone. She surmised that if she could arouse it again, perhaps it would stay. 

Or at least find out why it came to her.

Slowly she begins to caress the skin of her demon. It's warm to her touch. her hand leaves a glowing heat trail behind it. Where ever she touches the skin she leaves a glowing reminder that soon fades. 

It lays back and permits her to touch it wherever and how ever she likes. Soon her ministrations have it warm deep red. Pulsating. 

She reaches for it's partially erect member. Touching it, she sees the color intensify. The color becomes brighter and more intense. She wraps her hand around it and begins to caress and stroke it. 

"why are you here?" she purred softly.

" I'm not allowed to answer that" it growled.

She stopped her caresses. 

"I think I should get an answer." she replied.

It began to fade again. 

She bent closer to it's member, only to be rewarded by an increase in color and hue. She placed it between her ample breasts hoping that would tease it and get more information from it. She heard a low moan, almost a purr emanate from it. 

" Can you at least say what you are?"

" I'm a lost soul." It growled. 

She paused a moment, sensing that perhaps a crack in it's armor had been found. 

She slide down a bit and ran her tongue, up and down it's rigid member. This caused the tip to flare in a bright orange color, before going back to red. 

" lost from where?"

" nooo...."

"you can tell me", she replied intimately. 

She took the end of it in her mouth and teased the tip with her tongue. She closed her eyes and could see and feel the energy in it's member.

" I would be doomed"

"anymore than you are?"

" too painful for words"

"hmmmm..." she said, mouthing it.

She was sucking and licking it all during this exchange. It was glowing a dull orange, brighter and clearer closer to it's groin. 

" should I stop then?", she paused.

" no please don't"

"then what's in it for me?"

" pleasure"

"I've had that"

" it would finish me"

"that's what you asked me to do...", she replied.

" and so you shall, and then I will be no more"

With that it took her face in it's hands and looked into her very being. She felt suddenly, that she knew it, no him. and his purpose became clear to her. 

At first she was mortified, but she then immediately understood. And accepted. She took him in her mouth and slowly began to bring him to completion. She could see his member glowing a hot orange to yellow color pulsating in the darkness.
