 Grant removed a fabric-covered bundle from the small wooden box. Unfolding the soft cloth, he revealed a palm-sized device which looked like an earlier incarnation of a communication pad, a data chip and a pair of small objects I didn't recognize. He picked up the chip and inserted it into a slot on the side of the pad.

"Are the images you talked about, of people touching, stored on that chip?" I asked.

"Yes." Grant picked up the pad and began tapping its screen. When he found what he was looking for he handed me the device. 

I peered into the small screen and widened my eyes. It was a black and white picture of a man and woman kissing in the middle of a city street with a number of smiling people in the background. The woman, dressed in a loose white knee-length tunic, was bent backwards, held in the arms of a man wearing a dark uniform and a white hat. The words V-J Day in Times Square photograph by Alfred Eisenstaedt appeared under it.

"Oh Grant, this is so beautiful. They are actually kissing in public, in front of other people, and everyone around them is smiling! Looking at it makes me feel so happy."

He smiled. "This is one of my favorites. It perfectly captured a moment in history, a time when people like us were everywhere, when touching was not only permitted, but celebrated."

We sat gazing at the picture for a long time. As I admired it I thought about all of the people shown. They had been dead for centuries, yet I couldn't help but feel connected to them. With the exception of Grant, in some ways I had more in common with these humans than I did the people of my own time.

"Are there other pictures of people touching?" I asked.

He nodded. After showing me how to use the pad, we sat side by side and looked at image after image of humans engaged in various forms of physical contact. We saw smiling family units with caretakers cradling children in their arms, opposite- and same-gendered couples in intimate embraces, groups of people laughing, their arms draped around waists and shoulders.

All of these records of human closeness reminded us that we, too, were not alone. Putting down the pad, we reached for each other, kissing and stroking hands and hair and faces. 

