 Jordan smashed into the ground, behind his temporary home. His fist and knee indenting the earth beneath him. Sure it was impractical by damn did it make him feel good. It was starting to get late and he knew Mary would be coming home soon. He went for his run and ran past her car as she pulled up. He would have stopped but decided to just go on his way.

"Hey, Jordan." Mary called clearly excited at seeing him again. He spun around and waved at her, giving off that charming, heart melting smile. Running was starting to become somewhat of a habit now and strangely, he found it enjoyable. "Wonder why he is always running." Mary asked herself walking into her house and smiling. The "dream" she had still, soaking her womanhood. 

"Well what should I do now?" Jordan asked as he tried to figure out his next move. He had to find people to ensure his job was getting done but wanted to make sure they were deserving. He had not realized he had run so far until he heard her voice again. 

"Jordan. Hey can I talk to you?" Mary asked quickly running to the street and stopping short. Jordan jogged over to the panting girl noticing her attire and hair was quite disheveled. 

"What's up Mary?" He asked slowly, popping out the empty earbuds and staring at her semi buttoned shirt.

"I know we just met but I was wondering are you single?" The words left her mouth and the shade of red swallowed her face. Jordan had to stifle a laugh before giving her a quick nod in response. "That's great!" She piped before realizing what she said. "I mean would you want to go to dinner with me?" She asked softly turning away hoping for a yes. The voices in her head telling her he would decline.

"Sure, Mary." The words left his mouth but did not quite, reach her ears.

"Oh, ok, sorry to bother you. Should have known I was not your type." She mumbled before the reality hit her like a train. "Wait, really?" She managed to stumble through before her mouth hung open in shock. 

"Why the surprise Mary?" Jordan asked gently cupping her face. He felt her flinch away and just smiled at her. "You are a lovely woman from what our brief encounters have shown me." That smile of his that could melt the damn sun, was hypnotizing. 

"Just, it's just, ummm. You know, it's just umm." Mary sputtered. Her embarrassment was adorable to the angel.

"Mary I will pick you up at 8." Jordan said still sharing his warm smile. His eyes never left hers and his lips pressed to her cheek. "See you later Mary." His feet moved before Mary had caught her breath.

Her fingers gently touched the warm spot on her cheek. Her smile was slowly crawling over her face. The excitement inside her was welling up but she was not entirely sure why. The flash of her dream coming back to her only made her heat up. After a few moments and her return to reality, she realized 8 was only about an hour away.

The hot water was pressing down on her but that was not the only cause of her overheating. She thought of her dream and the shower she had before. Her hands began to wander down her body. The crept over each inch of flesh but before they reached their destination, Mary snapped back into focus causing her body to ache from it's denied craving. 

Jordan walked to his place and just used his powers to put on a button down shirt with gold stripes. His pants black pinstripes and nice shoes. "Hmm I think I will make the car elegant but not to stand out." He said holding his hand to his face. His hands gave a slow wave over the empty driveway. A blue SUV materialized in front of him. Before he admired it, he simply hopped in and cruised down the road. 

"Cars are like women." He laughed caressing the steering wheel softly. Once he had the feel of the vehicle, he pulled up to Mary's house. His feet moved fast and his knuckles wrapped on the door. He was not greeted by Mary however. 

"Who the hell are you?" The angry woman asked staring him down. The anger in her eyes slowly faded as she saw how handsome he was.

"Evening Ma'am. My name is Jordan and I am here to pick up Mary." He said keeping his polite tone. This woman was not someone he wanted to deal with. Just that nasty energy she gave off, bothered him. 

"Oh just another court case." She said turning her back. "Come on cry baby, your next rapist is here." Mary's mother called to the kitchen. 

"Mom! What the fuck is wrong with you?" Mary burst out her make up slightly smudged in places. She had been crying and Jordan could guess why.

"Wow! Mary you look incredible." Jordan burst out before allowing their exchange to go further. "A blue dress with you hair is bold and it works for you." He went on taking her hand and walking her to the door. Knowing if he gave her mom a chance she would continue to instigate.

Mary could only be dragged along and blush as Jordan's words acted like a headlight to a deer. The pudgy, angry, woman was left standing in the kitchen. She found her venom just as Mary crossed the threshold of her house. "Hey don't forget to say no to him Mary so you can get this one arrested too." Jordan tried so very hard to ignore the woman but this was a line to far. 

He opened the car door for his lovely date and let her in. The woman of his anger standing at the door. She moved to the car and pushed the driver door closed in Jordan's face. "Why not take me out instead? This way I can get some hot action and you won't get arrested like her other dates." This vile woman had no idea who she was trying to fool. The angel looked at her before taking her hand from his car. 

With one touch he made sure she would feel all the sexual tension she had in her, well up. It was his way of punishment to the people he deemed awful. He knew her body would respond and he knew she would be driven to force a climax. "Sorry madam, but it's your daughter to who I owe my attention." 

Jordan plopped into the driver seat and took off without a second thought. The silence was broken when Mary spoke up. "Jordan we don't have to go out if you want to just drop me off."

"Mary again I said I would go out with you and I will. Nothing that lustful, vile woman said will change that." His smile was offered and his eyes met hers. "Besides only a fool would take you home after you put in so much work to look the bet you could." His eyes going over each inch of her face and body with slow seductive absorption. "Sorry, I am staring too much." His eyes turned back to the road focusing on the pavement.

His hand gently cupped her cheek and with that his magic fixed her makeup. "Jordan? Can I ask you something?" She piped quietly hoping he would let her request be heard.

"Well you just did. I suppose I can answer another question though." Jordan laughed as Mary flushed.

"You are a jackass." Mary said laughing and fully understanding the joke. After the laugh she brought her question out. "Can I kiss you?" 

Jordan stopped the car at a stop sign before looking at her. "If That is what you want then I can give it to you." Jordan lifted her chin with the greasiest of ease. His lips pressed to hers with a light passion. He held his powers back but her reaction was still extreme. She gripped him tightly, pressing her lips into his with a feverish passion. Eventually she broke off and slid back in her seat, glancing away. She was upset by her loss of control and knew she blew it.

"That was certainly surprising, Mary." Jordan spoke with his usual calm trying to fight the beast in his pants back down. 

"I am so sorry! Jordan, I don't know what came over me. I just needed more." Mary was humiliated by her actions and her need of him. He knew what it was so he had no, negative feelings about it. His hand just cupped her cheek gently.

"Mary, it's quite alright. You surprised me and it's fine." His hand was warm and welcoming on her skin. This only made her fire light again. "Besides I enjoy a good makeout session if you are up for that. But first let's get to a more appropriate spot." His smile was inviting and her urges only grew stronger. The car began rolling again toward town.

"Jordan let's just go to dinner and then get me home." Mary said hoping he would agree after she had attacked him. His words and expressions were the same but she felt she had wronged him. He pulled into the parking garage and found a quiet spot.

"My lady we are here." He smiled getting out of the car and opening her door. His hand was held out for her to take. She hesitated, before reaching out to him and lifting herself from the car. 

"Jordan I am so sorry..." her voice was cut off by a kiss that silenced even her thoughts. All was lost except the feeling of fire burning her, inside and out. She had to use all her strength to stay on her feet. 

"Relax now Mary. This is a date, not a confession." Jordan said pulling her into his arms. His body moved easily with her in his grasp. The elevator took a long time to arrive but it was spent clasped to each other. Once the door opened and closed, Jordan leaned down and pressed his lips to Mary's again. This kiss was held until they arrived. Mary felt her heart would explode from the excitement. The heat was withdrawn so suddenly that Jordan even felt a pang of disappointment at the loss of her lips. A small and audible sigh escaped his lips before another kiss was forced upon him.

"Sorry jordan, i could not help but want more. You probably think i am a slut but its not it." Mary was stumbling over her words as she tried to justify her need. It's not like she could just tell him about her wild fantasies.

"Mary how about we skip dinner for now?" jordan asked knowing she was going to comply with the request. 

"Umm, sure, but won't you lose the money on the reservation?" Her question was not wrong but Jordan cared little about currency.

"Don't worry about that Mary. there is something else that you want right now and i plan to give it to you." His voice became the velvety texture that even god, would fall for. Jordan took her hand and waved off the host. His feet moved to elevator. Another couple stepped out as Jordan pulled Mary in. She was getting nervous but something said she would be safe with him. The door closed behind them and they met lips to lips. The fire between the two could have burned the entire building down. Mary was losing her senses to his kissing. Barely a breath between them was spared in this singular moment of passion. With a loud bing the doors crept open. Jordan lifted Mary into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist. The motion surprised Mary but she went with it. The voice in her head starting to grow agitated but her submissiveness.

"Jordan." Mary managed to call to him between the breathless kissing. 

"Yes, Mary, what is it?" he asked giving off that damn smile of his.

"I just need to know, how far are we going to go?" she asked the fear in her eyes more telling than her needy voice. 

"Mary, i give you my word. I will only go as far as you want me to. I won't hurt you, i promise" Jordan's words were sincere but he knew they may not be heard. Mary stared into his eyes and only saw the gentleness of the blue orbs. 

"Ok, if i say stop please stop." Mary more begged than asked.

"As you wish, Mary" Jordan returned with a soft purr in his voice. MAry gave a rye smile before attacking his lips again. Jordan gently held her back and head placing her back to the car. He slid his tongue gently between her lips, waiting for permission to enter. It was granted by a soft moan. His tongue did not wrestle hers down or try to restrain her but, caressed her mouth, exploring, each inch of her.

The soft breathless moans echoed through the empty parking lot. Jordan had picked the most isolated place, with the intention of pleasing his date. His hands slowly slid over the flesh of her thighs, pushing the dress up. He moved slowly so not to alarm her. His fingers played with the skin gently pressing the nerves and muscles in a soothing melody. Mary grabbed his hand when it reached her inner thigh and gripped his wrist firmly. Jordan only looked into her eyes and nodded. His hands quickly retreating to work her outer thighs again.

"I am sorry Jordan." Mary turned her head away hoping he would accept this. 

Jordan touched her cheek turning her to face him again. "Mary i gave you my word and i will keep it. You don't need to apologize for protecting yourself." he kissed her again showing her he meant what he said keeping the kiss deep but not aggressive. He let her down off his waist and even bent down to adjust her skirt. "Come on, let's just sit in the back and kiss some more. I will wait for you to press on, if that is what you wish." He opened the door and hopped inside the backseat. 

Mary hopped in after him and sat awkwardly with him. He just gave her a smile before starting to kiss her deeply. "Jordan, i want you to have me. I just don't know..." Jordan had cut her off by placing his finger to her lips.

"Don't force yourself, Mary." he said returning to kissing her lips ever so gently. Each kiss was just more fuel to the fire and it was threatening to swallow Mary. each press of his lips to hers, only made it harder to fight the carnal desire in her. This man was just kissing her her, but his kissing was melting her into putty for him to control. He was so kind and gentle and never did more than what she allowed. He kissed her over and over for fifteen minutes before something deep inside Mary gave in. 

"Jordan." it was a breathless word but it held all the meaning it needed to. His kissing stopped before slowly inch by inch his lips moved down her collar to her neck. He moved like a serpent crawling over her skin, planting another firm kiss with every inch he moved. This new stimulation caused Mary to throw her head back and moaned out loud. She realized what she did and covered her mouth. Her eyes glancing around wildly. Before she could speak though, Jordan bit her neck with just the right amount of force. The shock of it made Mary come without reserve. Never had she experienced something like this. She was sure his backseat was wet from how much she was dripping. 

"Mary, do you want to go on?" Jordan asked just with a whisper in her ear. Her eyes were unfocused but her body knew what it wanted and her head gave a quick nod. "Mary, i need to hear you say it." Jordan whispered seeing the nod but refusing to act unless given verbal consent. 

"Jordan, please go on." Mary moaned. Her voice was lost to her pleasure and her head just leaned back into the seat. His lips pressing to her neck again. He kissed his way to her shoulders and used his teeth to lift the strap of her dress off her skin. His mouth moved over her chest kissing across her collar bone and removing the other strap. They both slid down her arms and caught at her breasts. His fingers slid into the dress to find her braless breasts. His hands massaging the soft, young, flesh before tweaking her nipples gently. She began squirming beneath his touch and wanting more. He pulled her dress down gently popping each breast out. His mouth sucked on the flesh before giving the other the same attentions. His tongue ran circles around her nipples before gently sucking on them. The sucking became more aggressive as time ticked by. Each placement of his mouth causing another deep long moan. 

As his mouth worked her breasts his hands worked along her thighs. Just as with his goddess, his fingers played her thighs. Each touch sending another pulse through her body. After just a few minutes of this playing, Mary was writhing in pleasure shaking the car back and forth. Before the words left her mouth, she was caught in a silent scream of orgasm. Her body shook and just as it took over Jordan pressed his thumb to her covered clit and his mouth to her nipple. This drove her over the edge and she fell down onto the seat. 

"Oh god, Jordan" Mary moaned, trying to catch her breath. "That was the most intense thing i have ever felt in my life. I am so exhausted and i came twice. Please, Jordan can we go on." she was practically begging him for more. Her body was heaving as she came down from her climax. He breath finally calming down before she felt his fingers rub against her moist panties. 

"If that is your wish, Mary but let's go somewhere to be more comfortable" Jordan slowly got up and kissed her deeply. He moved to the front seat of the car and started the engine, allowing her to recover and dress herself. She was dressed and cleaned her hair up. Once she was buckled in the front seat, they took off. 

"Let's go to my place" Mary suggested , trying hard to remain neutral in this crazy situation. Her hand reluctantly gripped Jordan's leg. He removed her hand and placed his on her thigh, slowly pushing her dress up. His fingers caressing her slit over the smooth damp fabric of her drowning panties. The drive home became a blur as he teased her. Her head was back with each stroke of his fingers. He was pushing her over the edge with just his fingers. She had to stop him but could not even mutter the words. "Jordan, stop or i will be too tired to go on."

"Very well, Mary." Jordan said smiling but lost his smile as he saw what was waiting for him. "Seems your mother has been waiting." He said looking at the door. The woman stood their glaring at the car. "I think our fun will have to be another time."

"Damn it!" Mary swore angrily staring at the woman awaiting their arrival. "Sorry Jordan."

"Mary, do not worry i will pick you up tomorrow and we can go to the lake." Jordan said as if nothing had happened. "Promise to wear something cute" he laughed watching the woman move toward them. 

"Really?" she asked looking excited about the idea. 

"If you have nothing else." Jordan returned as the passenger door swung open. Mary was dragged out.

"Well miss cried rape? Should I call the cops?" the unpleasant beast asked pulling her daughter away.

"Jordan, I will be waiting for you." Mary called breaking free and running to the house. She turned and blew a kiss to Jordan before running and hiding in her room. 

"Careful, mister. She will call the police once you make a move." The slam of the door was meant to scare him but he had to laugh at this woman. 

"I will have to call in that favor a certain cherub owes me." Jordan laughed as he drove over and made a phone to call a certain cherub.