 This is the first part of this story. I hope you all enjoy it.

***

The file fluttered down into the hands of Jordan as he plucked the red folder from the air. He would open it now but he was out on a windy roof top and his god would not be pleased if he should lose his files. "Himeros who have you sent me this time?" Jordan asked the sky as he carried the file into the building and slowly broke the seal.

His master the god of sexual pleasure had sent him and his fellow angels to the world to give the ultimate pleasures to those who never received it or rejected this great joy. 

These files were always detailed to the point of being stalkerish but that was the reality of working for a god. This time the woman in the file had a shoulder length brunette head of hair. She was about five feet 4 inches. Her body was thin and tanned. Her breasts held a firm c-cup. Her eyes were labeled as hazel and showed a darker hue as well. He studied the included photo of her and just thought to himself what on earth made this one seem so outlandish that she cannot find pleasure?

He read further into the file and found she had a history of abuse and was a virgin to boot with many possible men throwing themselves at her. She however seems to always back down when they sought a sexual connection. This lead to many men attacking her and taking advantage until she managed to get away. 

"This poor girl" Jordan whispered to no one as his soft velvety wings spread wide. Beating his wings he took off continuing to read the file. Jordan slipped through the walls of his current case's apartment. He had spent the night with her satisfying her more hidden needs. Leaving with a smile, reminiscing his activities with her.

This new case however would take some work and frankly he was not quite sure how to approach it. Seduction was his art and he was a master at it but seducing a woman this broken would be damn near impossible. He continued his reading as he flew over each territory and finally found a simple but elegant approach to her. In her file was a list of many of her fears aspirations and ideals but the one that caught his attention was the smallest detail in all of those dreams.

He smiled and though revealing yourself as an angel was forbidden he had a way to do it without actually doing it. He landed way out in the countryside near where she lived and his master had procured a living place for him. He had to dust it out because he would be using it for this task. The woman he was after lived with family so the mission would be in jeopardy there.

He spent the next few hours studying her file and her patterns. Later that night he went for a run and passed by her place just as she pulled in. He had no need of exercise, this was a way to let her see him. He gave off every drop of his attractiveness in order to make her glance his way. When he saw her eyes he gave a soft smile and wave before continuing on his way. He then turned the corner around her house. His wristband fell off and he let it land in plain view.

Mary saw the wristband and walked over to it. As she lifted it up to try and return it the man was too far to call after. "Damn he's fast." She whispered as she turned to go inside. She kept the item in question in order to return it if she saw him on his way back or anytime before that. She wondered about him though she had never noticed the attractive blonde man before and his eyes seemed to pierce the soul. When he smiled at her she could not help but turn her gaze away from him. This feeling of security was not something she liked and hated where it lead.

She pushed the wristband into her pocket and went inside remembering that hypnotic smile. Even as she ate dinner she could not seem to remove him from her thoughts. "What is wrong with you Mary?" She demanded when deciding to close her blinds and get some sleep but as she moved to close the window she saw the blonde while he walked the edge of the road in search of something. 

Mary grabbed her pants from earlier and went to her door to call out to him again. Before she could however he was gone. "Damn who is that guy?" She spat and went to bed. 

That night Mary dreamt of that man and his perfect eyes and smile. Her dreams involved him slowly taking her to his place all the while commenting on her beauty. His voice to her was like oiled velvet caressed by the golden hands of god being tricked into her ears. His hand sat on her thigh sending electrical charges through her body. She gently let out a soft moan in her sleep. 

She reached out to him and as her hands touched his skin she felt so much warmth, as if his whole body was a fire and she was burning up. "What are you?" Her voice came forward in the softest of whispers in both the dream world and reality. As she slept her hand had begun to move on its own and caress her moistening sex. She moaned aloud this time, while dream her had his fingertips caressing her thighs. She was in heaven just by her dreams but it ended abruptly as she shot awake to find her hand prodding her dripping womanhood.

"What the fuck" she spat angrily as she checked her clock. "Fuck it's too early." She said as she pulled her hand away from herself and forced it to obey her head, not her body. The desire for self pleasing was so strong but she had not touched herself since her last boyfriend tried to force himself on her. She hated the idea of sex or sexual release but her body was constantly betraying her. She reached down slowly afraid of what she might find and there it was plain as day. She had in her sleep become drenched right through her panties and wished she had woken sooner. Her dream had been so pleasant though and waking was a disappointment. 

Mary caught herself and shook her head vigorously trying to get rid of such thoughts. "Men are all bastards and he would try to hurt me even if I knew him." She said throwing her sheets off and marching to the shower in a fit of anger. Rage was bubbling up inside of her as she turned on the shower and let the room steam up a fine fog. Her feet were chilled along the cold tiles and her body was now encased in the warm steam, she peeled away her shirt and panties. The moment she was under the heated water and began washing her body she noticed the stiffness in her nipples and could not help but prod them. The simple touch was enough to force out the air from her lungs in a wispy moan of pleasure. This one touch set off a chain reaction inside her. An electrical current ran through her as if her body was being ripped open and she needed to relieve the strain. 

...He appeared in a flash of her memory it was fleeting but enough.

Her hand shot out and grabbed her shower head ripping it free of its mount. In one motion she shifted the setting to pulse with her free hand massaging her breast like a wild animal. "Fuck" she breathed out as soon as the pulsing water ran over her thighs and bounced off her engorged clit. Her legs spread on their own, her back hit the cold shower tiles and the head was hammering away into her drowning pussy. She rubbed her breast furiously, squeezing, massaging, and pinching the nipple. She had thrown away her anger in a reckless abandon as her need overthrew the dominance of her will.

The climax grew rapidly inside her body as the welling inside reached its maximum volume she shoved her hand into her mouth to stifle the scream of sweet release. At long last, she had come. Her entire body quaked with ecstasy and her knees buckled under her weight. She fell on her ass and the shower head slipped free of her hand and planted itself between her thighs blasting her still spasming womanhood causing her more moans of delight. After several minutes of heavy breathing and trying to recover from what had to be the best orgasm she ever had; her body slowly got up and turned off the water. Mary got out and fixed the head back in place before grabbing her towel. The cotton towel caressed her body, slowly intimately as if it was alive but she just wrapped it over herself and left to go get ready.

Jordan stood silently in the corner of the bathroom smiling at the show he had just seen. He had little to do with any of this. He refused to use his more aggressive powers on people because he wanted them to want him. His wings shot out and he took off back to his new place smiling, he found himself turned on. His solid cock had sprung to life as soon as he saw what she had dreamt of and he thought only of how to get her to feel what he could offer so beautifully. 

He flew up the road and gave her 30 minutes to come out as he jogged by and flashed her another smile.

"Hey wait." She called swiftly chasing him. Jordan stopped and turned to face her still smiling at her. Damn that smile could melt the ice caps and his eyes looked bluer than the sky. Mary turned away blushing and pulled out his wristband from her jeans. "You dropped this yesterday and I saw you looking for it but you were gone before I could come out here." She said as the slow heat of blood rushing into her face took over. 

"Oh thank you so much." He said slowly reaching out for the item but his intentions were elsewhere. He noticed her top was lighter than her files usual fair, he smiled. His finger slid over her hand, pulling away after taking his wristband. Immediately he saw her body react to his touch and did it ever react. 

Mary felt her womanhood quiver at his touch as if he was directly influencing her and she turned away trying to hide her ever reddening face. "My name is Mary." She stated as flatly as her blood swollen cheeks would allow.

"Hello Mary. I'm Jordan I just moved in up the road." He said fastening his recovered wristband to his arm. Mary spun around and looked at him again hoping the color had receded from her face. She looked him over a couple times noticing his loose clothes did nothing to hide his toned body. Her hand moved on its own and stood out waiting for him to shake it. She felt so awkward but the moment was broken by Jordan grasping her hand, giving it a firm shake. Again at his touch her body called out and her knees started to wobble. What was it about this man that sent her over the edge like a tightrope and both sides she fell too would be pleasurable?

"Well anyway glad I could help out I have to get to work." She said now fumbling over her words and seeking her keys. She found them and dropped them at his feet. She went to bend over and saw the slight bulge in his shorts. Stepping away from it her skin went crimson.

"Here." He handed her the keys and went on his way at last. Once Mary was in the car she waited to catch her breath before starting it up and going to work. The entire day passed, she could not get him out of her head and as she got home she saw him running the other way this time.

"Hey jordan." She called out to him and he turned to her flashing his smile as well as waving to her. She felt her crimson color returning and blushed a deep red. She walked into the house admiring him as he jogged away. She had not however noticed her mother staring at her with an all too gleeful smile.

"Well who was that you were talking to?" The older woman inquired smirking as if she knew something her daughter did not. "You seem to like him maybe you won't scream rape with this one." She mocked and walked away leaving Mary standing there dumbfounded. 

"Bitch" was all Mary said as her mother was the reason none of her exes were in jail and she hated that. She went to her room and just went to sleep after stripping down to nothing and crawling under the covers. 

Jordan went to her that night and watched her dream and at last this was his moment to give her what she deserved. He flew into her room and saw her dreaming of him so he gently roused her with a kiss. It was ever so soft and deep that her body stirred in her sleep. He had his wings on full display to give the illusion of dreams while he kissed her again and again. Once she had begun to awaken he stopped and smiled at her from above. That damn smile that could melt snow.

Mary opened her eyes to see him and saw his wings, thinking she was dreaming. "Oh what the hell?" She whispered before throwing her arms around his neck , trying to pull him into a wild frenzy of kissing. He allowed this for only a few moments before pulling away. His lips parted and he lifted her chin giving her a slow, deep, passionate kiss that sent fire through her body. She felt as if her entire body was ice and his kiss was melting her away. Jordan pulled away again and started deep into her eyes. 

Mary could not take it any longer, she had to have more of his lips on hers or on any part of her body. "Jordan please.. go... on.." she whispered to him barely able to speak from that moment of intimacy. His hand slid over her body caressing her like water, the tips of his fingers danced over her skin in slow methodical circles. This type of touch was new to her and it made her womanhood quiver in anticipation. The dancing fingers reached just below her breasts but only just grazed her more sensitive flesh. The index finger circled her areola before slowly pressing the nipple into her soft flesh. Mary's nipple sprang back rigid before it was enveloped by his warm mouth. That was it then end of round on, her back arched hard and fast pushing more of her soft flesh into his mouth.

"Oh god." She squealed, her entire body shook. Her womanhood had not even been teased and he just had toyed with her chest. One breast was all it took and her body shook with a wild orgasm, she caught her breath, his fingers went back to circling her stomach and chest stimulating goosebumps and stiffness. Once her orgasm had ceased to be, her body found his heat enjoyable. His wings wrapped around them and held her aloft over her bed. A slight gasp escaped her lips as Jordan's feathers slid over her spine in a gentle intent motion. His arm was around her waist and his free hand caressed her cheek gently as his ever softening lips pressed gently stead kisses from her chin down her neck to each collarbone and back again.

"Mary I seek your permission to give you all you desire." He whispered in her ear and the velvety feeling of his voice drove her will power into a dark corner as her carnal needs took hold of her. His lips covered her ear lobe as his teeth gently tugged the soft fatty cartilage. That was the last wall to give out as her body moved and her legs wrapped around his waist. Her hips and pelvis betrayed her fears and inhibitions only seeking sweet release even after such intense pleasures. She wanted; no, needed more of him and needed him to explore more of her. 

As if he read her mind his wings set her down and his body slowly moved down hers. Every inch of her feminine form was gently pecked by ever moist lips but he skipped over her most precious part and kissed her inner thighs. Giving each a quick nip inciting a small yelp of pain. After her flinching, he kissed them again and slowly slid her thighs apart licking all the way to her damp slit. With one flick of his tongue she moaned with the second she thrust forward.

His lips met her lower lips and he sucked her hard taking in her sweet taste. Her back arched hard into his mouth. Her womanhood was taken but once she relaxed all that remained was the sensation of his hot breath slowly penetrating her. His tongue prodded into her body and it worked its way to cover the walls and insides as far as it could. Mary grabbed Jordan's hair and shoved his face deeper into herself, she was slowly and almost forcefully denied her climax. 

It was not until his index finger slowly slid past her labia did her will come back and her hands grabbed his wrist and held him at bay. He looked up into her eyes and gently gave a nod as if he understood and his finger withdrew. His mouth quickly replaced the missing appendage. The heat, the passion, the effortless tongue movements, it was just too much as her body thrashed her climax right there but just a step short of being fulfilled. 

"Please Jordan!" She anxiously begged him for the release. How was a dream so intense, his body shifted she realized he had taken her clit between his lips and gave a strong forceful hum. In the same moment his finger slid into her and gripped the hiding spot behind her clit and pressed down on that overload button. She screamed in pleasure so loud no sound came out until she had calmed down. Every muscle fiber in her was quaking violently with this euphoric feelings. Her body thrashed and flailed up and down as her back kept arching swiftly. 

Jordan held her to the bed until after about ten minutes of endless pleasure she stopped and passed out. "Goodnight Mary." Jordan whispered, he flew through her ceiling and away. That was the last part of her dream until the alarm blared waking her from her climatic slumber. 

Only a feather was left on the bed from the night before as Jordan soared into the air and onto his next job. Or so he thought.