 I have been working hard on these this week has the most updates thus far. More to come.

***

When she awoke, Mary found herself in her bed. She sprang up thinking about how she had gotten there. She glanced around and saw the letter. Her eyes slowly welled with tears. She was upset and just feeling down but thinking about the time she had with him. Her body shook at just the memory of what he did to her. Every thought of his touch sent a chill through her. Her body was slowly starting to warm itself up to the idea of sex.

"Hey slut, are you there? Some rapist sent you flowers." The shrill voice of her mother called out from the living room. 

She moved to the door and grabbed a shirt from her closet. Her eyes lit up as she saw the many bouquets. Her mother was reading the card and laughing her ass off. Mary snatched it away from her mother and walked away. 

"Mary, I am sorry for running off like that. Work had an emergency and you dozed off in the car. I will return to you and we can finish what we started." Mary put the note in her bra. She rushed to her room smiling. Her mind raced, thinking of what he could possibly do to make it any better. The thought drove her hands to her body. That evening she spent it playing with herself trying to experience the same pleasure as before. 

----------

Jordan crashed through the doors of the palace. His entrance was enough to cause a silence and stares. He decided to have some flare and spin mid-air before dropping to the ground. His feet moved fast as he kicked open the door to Himeros' room. 

"Well, Jordan that is quite an intense entrance, even for you." The god of sexual pleasure laughed. Jordan scowled at the older being.

"You mean to tell me that she was at that lake and no one bothered to inform me? She was there with a man who was inhumanly attractive and looking for women. Who ever this man was, he was definitely a predator in the making." Jordan was angry and his wings flared out with a dramatic roar. 

"Jordan!" Himeros roared showing his authority over the angel. "This is not your concern to deal with. You may have caught her last time but she is not your assignment. 

If she has a contract we cannot simply take her away from it. She would steal the soul of that man and then we would not be able to hold her anyway."

"We can make it so he breaks the contract though. Just like before when I captured her. We offer him something he cannot refuse and get him to give her up. I will fuck her into submission again if I have to." Jordan was shouting now concerned about this entire mess and still trying to figure out how she escaped. 

"Jordan if she finds out you are after her, she will just vanish and keep her distance from you and all of us." Himeros returned, staying seated in his golden silk throne. 

"Who is the one you sent after her?" Jordan asked finally reeling in his temper. He needed to know it was someone competent.

"I have sent no one after her." Himeros said casually as he saw the wings of his angel flare out again.

"Why in the name of all that is sacred have you not sent anyone?" Jordan roared out. He marched hard and fast to the throne. His last foot fall on the stairs was all he got before he was thrown back. His body skidded over the ground and crumpled into the wall.

"What i do is not your concern. I will keep handing out assignments to those who I deem fit. If you want to work for me then you will follow my orders." Himeros returned. He rose to his feet and walked over to Jordan. 

"I will not allow her to hurt people." Jordan coughed from his spot on the floor. 

"Since we imprisoned her kind the sexual pleasure of the world has depleted and my powers are also shrinking. If we allow certain succubus into the world, they can provide us with more sexual power. We can use them to build our power up." Himeros kicked Jordan onto his back. "I am sure you know this, Jordan My will is law here. No one, not even your goddess can deny me. I created her and she made you. I gave this succubus her freedom and in exchange she will provide us with sexual energy directly."

"So you decided your power was worth the sacrifice of souls." Jordan said looking up at the ceiling and realizing that this God was corrupted by his power.

"My powers are worth the sacrifice of all those who serve me. That means you, too." He was glaring down at the angel. "Tell me that you will serve to bring love and pleasure to those under us."

"I will do just that then. I am sorry for my arrogance Lord Himeros." Jordan was lying but his wings sat motionless and his eyes stared past the god over him. 

"Good you understand what has to be done. Now get out of my sight I will send you work once I have some new assignments for you. In the meantime you can go play with that girl Mary." Jordan clenched his teeth to stop a biting retort. Aphrodite had given him that job but Himeros was going to be busy making sure his plans went well. "Behave and I will even let you keep a slave if you wish."

"Angelic slavery has been gone far too long to bring back now, my lord." Jordan managed to roll over onto his side and catch himself from just springing up. 

"Yes , angelic slavery has. I meant that I would give you a succubus to use as you want. Your skill at pleasure is why I don't destroy you now for that outburst. I would give you your pick of them as well. You never get your own climax from the humans. They cannot handle the level of pleasure you bring and that's hardly fair to you. Go to the prison and pick a succubus to make a contract of servitude with." 

"As you wish." Jordan managed to get to his feet. "I will go pick one. A slave to my climax, sounds like a good idea." 

"That's a good angel. Now off with you." Himeros walked to his chair and sat down. Several angels gathered around him now. All wishing for a good pleasuring. He began kissing them and tearing away their clothes. Not as if they wore much to begin with. The doors closed behind Jordan and the angel at the desk moved to talk to him. She froze when she saw the look of pure rage in his blue eyes.

"I need you to open up the prison for me" He called to the front guards. His wings flew up and his body soared away. The sky seemed to lose its shine as the dark nature appeared. He flew further down into the depths of heaven. The prison was in sight now. A dark granite with such a bright backdrop was just stupid in appeal. 

The inside was not much better except for the angel quarters. Jordan landed at the gate. His wings folded up and he walked inside without even looking at the guards. The only reason he was there was because he knew Himeros was watching. The angel quarters were kept clean and fresh. All the best furniture and amenities. Jordan marched past the best things and right to the guards.

"Open up" he gave the order and they jumped to listen. He was a servant of the goddess. He out ranked them all except the warden. She was the servant of the true god. 

"Please take your time and select the finest slave." a guard called from behind the gate. 

"How long has this practice been happening?" Jordan snapped at the guard and stood frozen in place.

"Well someone should come back more often. This has been happening for a good while. Most court angels have a slave or two." She called out and smiled at the attractive angel. 

"I see. Thank you. Clear the halls and let no one in until I leave." He was giving orders and she would obey him if she knew what was good for her. 

"Yes, sir" she called back announcing his arrival. He walked into the bowels of the prison. He knew the way since he used to visit Livia. He was headed to the far end of the hall where she was once kept. What he saw angered him to violence. Her cell was not broken and in fact had three angels in it trying to force a succubus to sex.

He walked toward them. His stride growing longer and his magic calling out his sword. The blade met the neck of one angel. He looked into the eyes of the others and glared with his eyes showing his intent. The succubus on the floor was a silver haired one. Her outfit was ruined and her body was exposed. Her breasts were large. She was around enough energy to keep her looks but her body was abused. 

"I will let you leave here with everything attached as long as you swear to not do this again." Jordan was calm and cool. His intent was clear but his voice was not the velvet. It was like sandpaper to the ears. 

"Jordan. I was told you were here to get a slave." The voice was female and commanded authority. 

"Warden, Chloe. I am here for that reason but the act of forcing pleasure is not something I can allow. That causes pain and should only be done with consent." Jordan said tightening his grip on his victim.

"Succubus are not people Jordan. They are monsters and deserve to be treated as such," She said slicking with her heels to stand behind him.

"It seems I am making too many friends today." Jordan said slowly positioning his blade to kill the angel in his hand as well as the one behind him.

"Hey, if you don't want her harmed then just take her." Chloe chided looking at the poor woman. 

"Very well. first, though let's punish the unjust." Jordan responded with a quick few swings. Blood dripped to the floor a few seconds later, followed by screams of pain. "Oh, relax. They will grow back. I could have taken your wings so be happy it's only your cocks."

"You bastard! You will pay for that!" One of them shrieked in agony and was just ignored.

"That was cold" Chloe laughed being the clear sadist she was. 

"Fuck off." Jordan called to her.

"I think I will, to that sexy violent look in your eye. Unless you want to have me instead of making me do it myself." She asked trying to put on an innocent face as the others skulked from the room. 

"Sorry, Warden but you are not good enough for me." With that Jordan scooped up the succubus and flew away. He had to dodge a few angry guards and knock down a pissed off demon. After just a couple minutes he was in the air over the prison. His wings beat hard and fast to get him to his room. He passed through the wall and waved his hand to lock the door. He used another spell to block out any unwanted eyes or ears without his notice.

Another quick hand wave and his guest was healed and clothed. He had to sit down after using so much magic. "You are safe here. You do not have to believe me but it is true." 

"You saved me. I have no reason to not trust you." She said softly looking at him in a weakened state. "You even told off the warden and she did not try to kill you. Who are you exactly?"

"My name is Jordan and I am an apostle of Aphrodite." His eyes stayed on her but the blue faded out and was replaced with a dull hazel. His hair began to fade to a dirty blonde and his skin was growing pale.

"You used a lot of power without replacing it." She said softly reaching to touch his cheek. 

"I had my ass kicked by a god today. I summoned a car and large picnic setting, along with altering plant life around a lake to make a quiet place. I managed to get a woman to climax so hard she passed out and I got nothing in return." Jordan said agitated, knowing his looks were fading. Aphrodite gave him his powers but never permanently changed his looks. She was kind but never wanted another god or angel stealing him. 

"Can I help you." She asked looking into his eyes. "Angels feed on sexual energy too. I can pleasure you and give your strength back." She begged dropping to her knees.

"Tell me your name" Jordan said ignoring her position and offer.

"Centra. That is the name my former lady gave me" She said this as she slowing crossed the distance between them and took off her top.

"Who was your master before you were captured?" He asked, noticing her moving toward him.

"Lady Livia" She said stopping in front of him and looking down at her prey.

Jordan just cackled at that response. His body shook with the irony of the entire situation. " I feel like I am being set up" Centra stopped moving and stared at him in raw confusion.

"Why is this so funny?" She asked with curious eyes and a frail body.

"Livia is the succubus I captured. That was nearly 2000 years ago and you were one of the ones who fought with her. I took out the entire clan that and most were captured." He said and as the words left his mouth, she backed away and sat down on the love seat.

"You were the one who broke my whip and made me yield" the realization of who Jordan was, dawning on her.

"Yes. I was not wearing magical mask that day."

"Why did you not kill me, like your brothers and sisters." She asked now realizing she was exposed to an enemy.

"I was not created to kill but to bring joy, love, and pleasure." Jordan said showing his smile off to the woman before him.

"Yeah and enslave" She hissed now thinking of him as an enemy

"I swear to you I knew nothing about any of that. I have been on Earth the entire time bringing joy to the humans." Jordan said raising his hand and trying to seem non threatening.

"Why should I believe any of that? The warden said you were there to get a slave." She said looking into his eyes. His charms would never work on her and he knew it.

"I saved you. I could have let them have you and drain your power away for themselves." Jordan said looking her over again.

"Maybe you just wanted it for yourself." She returned quickly. She was watching his hands worried about magic or weapons.

"Let me make you a contract" Jordan said and this took Centra off guard entirely.

"That would allow me to grow as you do. Any energy that is absorbed will be split." she said trying to figure out why he would want this.

"Yes it would and I will give you absolute freedom in the contract. You may do as you like. If you follow the conditions I set" she opened her mouth to protest but he held his hand up to silence her. "The first is no killing. The second is no other contracts. You may sleep with others as long as you do not take their life force. You will follow orders I give but I promise to be fair with them. If you kill me or harm me in any way you will suffer the same fate."

"That last one seems like you don't trust me." She said looking at him worrying about the conditions set before her.

"It will be mutual so that I cannot harm you or kill you." Jordan said reassuringly. "I will do my best to allow you freedom." 

"Why go through all this trouble?" She asked now trying to find an answer to the question in her mind. Who was this angel.

"The god of this place is corrupted by his ego. The world is messed up in a way I cannot fix. Your lady is on the loose and I am hoping to end this madness with her help and yours. She was one of the most powerful succubus ever and we may be able to overthrow Himeros." Jordan rambled on not feeling any ears of eyes on him. 

"Why do you want to do that? You just want the throne for yourself." She accused him and he glanced into her eyes.

"If that was true why would I tell you this. Himeros beat me to near death today and from what his arrogant self said. He plans to use your kind and mine to become omnipotent. Should that happen, then he may try to make the entire universe his sexual slaves." Jordan said taking his head in his hands. 

Centra thought for a good while before speaking up. "You are not like the rest."

"I would hope i was not. They don't appreciate the pleasure they bring and receive." Jordan spoke softly. He glanced up to see her standing over him.

"I will make a contract with you." Centra opened her arms for him. Jordan rose up to meet her and pulled her to him. Their lips met and it was like someone had set the entire room on fire. The kiss lasted a few moments but it felt like an eternity. Once they had parted both of them stumbled onto the couch. Centra ended up laying on top of Jordan. "The deal is sealed then." 

"Centra. I have an order for you." Jordan said as his magic started to remake his handsome features. 

"Yes, master." She squeaked not really expecting an order just yet. 

"This will be fun for you as well." He said pushing her onto the couch. His eyes full of desire and need. His body moved on its own and her legs spread wide and fast. He pushed her down holding her with one hand and his other waved away his clothes. His manhood stood rigid and ready to enter the succubus. She touched his cock with one hand. Her long slender fingers grasping around the base. The touch sent a gasp from Jordan and his body ached for more. Lust was not something he had experienced before. The contract made it so he had to have her and his body had to have release, long before the contract was made. 

"Master. Please allow me to please you. I have been abused for so long. I want to please a man without being forced to do so." Centra said softly as she moved from under him. She sat on her knees before him and pushed him to sit on the couch. 

"Centra, I am sorry but the contract and my needs are severe right now" Jordan was sincere in his apology. She said nothing but slowly moved her fingers up his length. Her hand gently massaged the tip of his cock in slow circular motions. Jordan's breathing began to shallow out as his body was enjoying the attention. He gives the pleasure but rarely receives it. He knew receiving would be a way to replenish his power but he was not going to abuse his work for his own gains. Considering how much he did. He could be, by far, the most powerful angel in heaven but he may just have to become that. 

"Master I am here to please your will and body." she spoke as her hand began to delicately stroke his whole length. Her slow tempered movements only managed to excite him further. His head slipped back against the couch and her hand gripped a bit firmer. She was careful not to accelerate her movements past a tempered pacing that prolonged his climax. The damp quick stroke from his base to tip was a quick lap of her tongue. She repeated this for each inch over the entire circumference of his cock. Each lick topping his head with a kiss and a lick to his urethra. Her rather rough insertions caused pain and delight as the shock of it wore off and the pleasure of the attention came on. 

"Centra." He gasped gripping the couch gently under the cushions. His hand was swiftly gripped and placed on her breast. It felt as though it had changed size in his grip. He looked at her breasts seeing them change to what he considered the perfect size. "You don't have to change your looks for me. Ahhh" he was cut off by her taking his head in her mouth and gently suckling on the tip of his cock.

She came off of him with a quick pop and smiled. "Master, I know i don't. I am choosing to do so, to bring you the greatest pleasure." She spoke softly before running her tongue around the head of his cock and taking it back into her mouth. She gave him a good hard suck. Then the length of his cock vanished into her mouth. He felt her throat clenching around him and the spasming muscles on his head made it so hard to not moan out. 

"Fuck, Centra. That is incredible." Jordan felt his breathing quicken as his hips moved for him and drove deeper into her throat. "I need to remember that for next time I have a male assignment. Centra started to bob her head up and down his length. With each stroke of her throat and mouth came a subtle pulse from her tongue wrapping around his cock. The snake tongue of demon spawns was always an interesting thing. She used it to squeeze his cock with each stroke in time. This was by far the greatest head he had received and understood why mortal men enjoyed it so much. Centra began to change as well with her long tipped tail extending from her rear and her horns growing out some. 

"Master this is amazing. Your energy is flowing into me and I can feel my power coming back." she was so excited she forgot to go back down. Jordan guided her to her task at hand.
