 JENNY MYLOW 



As a member of a college student choir I'd volunteered for a carolling gig for disadvantaged kids with the rest of the team. A corporate sponsor had provided us with gold pixie costumes to double as Santa's helpers for the marshalling of the little ones for the distribution of gifts. Members of a male choir with which we sometimes shared a performance, were also provided with red and green elf costumes, looking distinctly uncomfortable at being seen in satiny tunics and tights, in addition to pompom caps and soft boots with pointy, upturned toes.

Our outfits were handed out at our last rehearsal session and, with my flatmate Jesse having all ready left for home over the vacation period, I thought I'd see how it fitted. It was somewhat briefer than I'd imagined, leaving no doubt in any onlooker's mind as to the colour of my undergarments, even with my wearing tights. 

There was an inner pocket in which I discovered what appeared to be a kingsized spliff, not quite of Havana cigar dimensions, but lasting me for the night if I didn't smoke it all at once. Inscribed in tiny script along the length of the paper was a message which said that it would help me to become a real elf, uninhibited and ready for sex, to find the hidden me and release it.

I wasn't sure what it all meant. Was it a practical joke by someone who knew me and thought I was a bit restrained? Was it placed randomly. Did other girls get one? What would it do to me? I got a glass of wine and thought about it and, after a second drink, thought that no one would ever know and lit up to toke long and deep.

"Oh my God!" I gasped, it was beautiful. I had smoked dope at parties in the past, but that was a totally new experience. I had another and another and, to paraphrase Lord Buckley, I felt love, total love for everything in creation, animate, inanimate, it didn't matter as I was high and more horny than I could ever remember being before. WhatI needed, I realized, was shagging. Not gentle love-making, but a hot and vigourous fucking. That's when I noticed that I wasn't alone.

Someone had given Jesse a packet of seven male elves as decorations for our christmas tree, but she'd just lined them up on the bookshelf to stare sightlessly at our humdrum life. Suddenly they were no longer ten centimetre ornaments, but living, breathing, metre-tall beings in the form of not entirely unattractive men in their forties. I felt panic and embarrassment at having been seen masturbating by them, wondering what I should do next, although I was quickly relieved of that decision as they all undressed to reveal muscular, bronze coloured bodies and uniformly erect penises of a size I thought was the stuff of male mythology. They were huge. They'd damage me, I was certain, but then realized that what was occuring here wasn't reality, it was the weed and wine that had caused me to doze and I should just allow whatever was going to happen to happen and enjoy my dream. I only hoped I would remember it after waking in the morning.

Although I had masturbated over being double-penetrated by two guys on a few occasions, I found the prospect of a full-on, gang bang orgy, even in a dream, a little daunting. Being of a naturally reserved and shy personality, I'd never even considered flaunting myself in a slutty manner or taking the lead in love-making. The other matter which made me feel slightly disorientated was that only half the flat seemed to be around me, the bookshelf and TV on the wall having disappeared and an arcadian scene of greenery taken its place. 

They crowded around me, two standing on the coffee table, to grope every part of my body as I was undressed, except for my pixie cap and my gold pixie boots with the up-curled toes. Their lascivious chatter made their intentions toward me clear; words like nice big tits, nice body, suck, cock, arse, baby cunt and fucked predominating over those used in polite conversation. I knew what they all meant, but I hadn't heard them spoken so blatantly about me as a sexual object, within my hearing before. It felt funny, so why not go with the flow, now being unbelievably randy with my love-juices oozing down my inner thighs. I had been a good girl for too long, it was time to break out and explore a side of my nature that I'd repressed, so that having the opportunity to do it in secret, I'd be silly to pass it up.

I feigned reluctance as two of them dragged me by my arms to kneel on the sofa where my face was confronted by a huge penis that sought entrance to my mouth. I opened it to stretch my lips around its considerable girth and rather inexpertly sucked and tongued the shiny, copper-hued knob. Oh my God, the little fellow at my rear end had parted my vulvar lips with his long tongue, tittilated my clitoris before he thrust it inside my vagina and wiggled it about deep within me. Oh my God, I couldn't believe I would ever experience a sensation like that, so intimate, so erotically thrilling. Another slid beneath me and, rubbing his knob around my clitoris to moisten it in my love-juice, caused me to lower my wet love pouch down over a hot, hard, pulsing penis. It felt absolutely wonderful to be engaging in unbridled sex without worrying about any consequences in my day-to-day world. I began to whoop it up in a way I'd never done before, his sex organ sliding vigourously in my sheath as I rode him shamelessly disporting myself in a naked display of sexual abandonment. I had a mouth on each nipple, sucking and nibbling, and a long, busy tongue rimming my fundamental orifice. He stood behind me and I sensed his warm knob press against my anus, oh dear, oh shit, it popped inside me before more and more was forced through my stretching rosebud. Then I had two big dicks, and I do mean BIG, sliding rhythmically in and out of my lower body and one in my mouth. 

I was unable to contain my emotions due to sensual overload so when the three inside me gushed warm semen into the deepest regions of my being I came in an explosion of erotic bliss. My grip on reality left me almost entirely as things became warm, fuzzy and blurry as my tiny lovers rotated in using my body's various orifices, cumming in me and on me several times each. My whole naked form was literally dripping with thick, creamy, cooling cum and I collapsed in a pleasantly warm, dreamy delerium. I was completely fucked, in the more positive senses of that word.

I have only a hazy recollection of staggering to my shower on soft, jelly legs, using the walls to keep me upright, bathing and literally falling into bed. When I woke I felt good about my strange dream, but on touching my twat it stung with chafe and my whole crotch seemed to glow and tingle hotly, causing me to wonder if it was a dream or that I'd been a bit overly enthusiastic with my vibrator, although I never use it anally. When I got to the sitting room and found the couch and the floor immediately in front still slippery with half-dried seminal fluid, I began to have some concern for my sanity.

It wasn't until later in the day that, on picking up my pixie tunic from the floor behind the sofa, I found a replacement spliff inside a pocket in the garment and the butt in the ash tray that I realized my fantastic dream wasn't quite a fantasy, but something more disturbing, a different reality. However, on remembering a bit more of the evening's events over the next several days I became more relaxed about my experience and accepted that's what it was, looking forward to doing it again, perhaps with Jesse.

I went home for a family Christmas reunion, but found myself restless and a bit sexually frustrated, although my natural reserve stopped me from going out for a pickup. Besides, it would quickly become common knowledge in my town and my parents would hear about my immoral activity.

I was glad to eventually get back to what felt like my more normal life as a conscientious college student.

*

CYNTHIA GORDON



Julia and I returned from choir rehearsals with the gold pixie costumes a coporate sponsor had provided us for the charitable Christmas performance. After taking a refreshing hot shower we tried on our outfits, both making a similar discovery at the same time, a fat marijuana cigarette in an inside pocket of the short tunic.

"Look what I found!"

"Me too."

Neither of us had ever smoked dope before, but after a couple of sherries we were loose enough to give it a try.

"Oh, jeez, that's awesome," cried Julia after a long, deep toke, fighting the urge to cough with a splutter.

"Yeah," I agreed, "I should have tried this before." 

I guess we must have dozed off at that stage as I can remember us talking to Santa and three of his elves who'd suddenly appeared in our living room, so obviously I was dreaming. It was a very silly and somewhat risque chat.

"Aren't you a bit early, Santa?" Julia asked of the white-bearded old bloke in the red and white suit. "It's still a week 'til Christmas." 

"It's a special trip for the really good girls," he chuckled. "It's been reported that you ladies have been almost too good, monastic even, so we've come to bring you both a special present to enjoy." 

"Oooooh, goody gumdrops!" Julia squealed in a little kid's voice. "What is it?"

With that Santa dropped his trousers to reveal he didn't wear under-things and that he was hung like a horse.

"My-oh-my, Santa," I gasped. "What a big dick you have!"

"All the better to pleasure with, my dear," he laughed lightly, "and then there's these."

Julia shrieked with hysterical laughter at this, her normal, reserved persona having been discarded in this fantastic, make-believe situation, embracing our shared hallucination wholeheartedly. The "little" helpers were fully grown men who were hung like Santa, their erect pricks at least as long and thick as my forearm. Having never had anything bigger than a standard vibrator in my love pouch I was a little alarmed at what we'd been presented with, but decided that it would be some sort of achievement to accommodate any one of them. It wouldn't affect my wait for Mr Right to merely imagine doing it in a doped-up dream.

"My little helpers have come along to ensure that you have a completely fulfilling experience."

"Full and filling being the operative words," sniggered Julia while staring open-mouthed at the displayed sexual appendages. "Haven't they been required to be registered as leathal weapons?"

We giggled insanely at this before Jules brazenly grasped Santa's member.

"Look, I can't even close my fingers around this thing," she demonstrated to me. "Can you imagine what something like this could do to to our pussies if inserted forcefully."

"I have something that will ease the way, my dear," grinned Santa. "Try a sip of this."

He held an ornate bottle up, pouring us a nip each. It tasted delicious, a liqueur with a non-specific fruit flavour and an anise aftertaste, but it was the feeling of tranquility it imparted that was so wonderful. It made me feel that nothing was beyond me that evening, my inhibitions had all but evaporated and I was feeling the need for physical intimacy, male or female it didn't matter, in a completely unromantic way. I wanted sex, but my experience was so limited that I wasn't sure as to what I should do to get the ball rolling, so to speak.

Mind you, I needn't have worried as Julia had stripped-off her tunic and thong and sat back on the couch, legs apart to display her trimmed pussy to all who chose to see her charms. One of the elves, now naked too, knelt between her thighs and put his mouth to her vulva in a deep tongue kiss, making her jerk and thrill with erotic pleasure.

I stood to shed my jacket and thong to pose nude, save for my pixie boots and cap, for Santa and his gleaming-eyed offsiders who were all now naked and stroking their solid, stiff dicks. Following Julia's lead I sat back to open my legs and display my well-trimmed pubic triangle and shaven vulva to their sex-hungry gaze. Santa stepped forward to assume the same position as his elf had with my friend and I'm sure I could feel the tip of his tongue somewhere up behind my navel before he withdrew it to my vulvar cleft to circle and press my clitty. He sucked and pulled at it with his lips until I was on the verge of climax.

"Ooooh, GodI I'm coming!" I gurgled and he desisted. 

"Well we wouldn't want that to happen too early would we?" he chuckled, rising to his knees to lean forwward and kiss me deeply. 

"Is that how my pussy tastes," I thought inanely. 

He sucked my nipples and bellybutton before I felt his huge love wand pressing at my oozing sex slit for entrance, its full length sliding inside me more easily than I could have imagined. One henchman moved behind and proffered his swollen member to my face before I strained to take his big pink knob between my hugely stretched lips.

"Oooh Santa," I cooed when my mouth became momentarily vacant, "this is the best Christmas ever."

"And there's more to come," he laughed in his very jolly, Santa way, with emphasis on the last word which gained much more significance as the evening wore on. 

He began pumping his hefty hips to my exposed crotch, being much more muscular than the suit and the popular image would have us believe, but he'd have to be when one considers his year-long efforts leading up to that one night every year. It felt wonderful to freely enjoy a recreational shagging without having to consider your partner's feelings, just getting right into it and letting it all hang out, but hoping that I'd have the memory to savour in the morning.

Beside me, Julie's cries of passion became suddenly louder due to an unexpected change of circumstance. She'd knelt astride one elf's lap, enjoying his sliding cock in her juicy cunt, when the other leaned over her back, hands on the back of the sofa and began pushing his swollen knob into her virginal anus. 

"Oooooh God! Ooooh sweet Jesus!" she shrieked as it popped inside her stretching rear orifice. "You've split me open!" 

"No, no, my dear," Santa reassured her. "Nothing bad can happen to you after sipping the magic elixir of pleasure. Just let it happen, you'll love it, I promise." 

She looked doubtful for a moment, but as her two ravishers got their obviously well-practiced act together, she clearly found his assurances completely valid and became oblivious to all but the physical sensations she was experiencing. I too quickly discovered what she was feeling as the elf with his nasty bit in my mouth withdrew it and came around the sofa as Santa lifted me, still within me, and sat with me astraddle his hips as the other pressed his broad knob to my untried anus.



"Ooooh my God!" I inhaled deeply in a gasp of surprise at the intrusive, but barely painful sensation of intromission. "Oooooh fuck!" 

Having never used that word in my life before it felt odd to hear myself say it, although it seemed quite appropriate in that circumstance. Jules and I were demonstrating that we weren't "almost too good" and that we could be a bit naughty when the occasion demanded it.

Julia was in a state of delirious sensual overload as the guys thrust their hips hard at her quivering lower body in a sexual frenzy to achieve orgasmic release. She was writhing and gasping and moaning while they whooped and chuckled with the joy of unrestrained sexual effort. Then, with a long cry of bliss, she arched her back and convulsed with pleasure as the blokes thrust their organs deep into her to gush warm semen within. 

Their constant attention to every sensitive part of my body soon had me in a similarly, joyfully abandoned state to my flatmate, straining to find release to the overwhelmingly sensual experience I was undergoing. Eventually, like Jules, I could contain my desperation no longer and succumbed to the most ecstatic coital climax of my life up until then, perhaps ever. Sandwiched between two sweaty, male bodies was delicious as my senses cooled and the joyful spasms abated, wishing the moment wouldn't end. 

However, nothing good lasts forever and, after another tot of Santa's elixir and a smoke, I again found myself between two thrusting masculine bodies on the floor, both my lower body portals stretched around large penises. This time it was Julia's erstwhile sex partners, but matters became a bit vague about then although I'm sure the second orgasm was somewhat less spectacular than the first. 

When I awoke I was surprised to find myself in my bed, but with Jules as naked as I beside me. I could tell that I'd showered, but had no memory of it or of getting into bed. It was something of a shock to find the liquid mess in our sitting room and later the phone videos of ourselves engaged in lesbian sex with each other, both in the shower and in bed, our unrestrained sixty-nine obviously the source of enormous enjoyment to us both. It took almost a week before we were able to look each other in the eye without blushing or to discuss it, but eventually decided to keep it secret and to explore it further on discovering that we still had two joints.

*

RUTH TAIT

Grace and I went back to mine to try on our costumes and discovered there were what appeared to be canabis cigarettes hidden in secret pockets inside our pixie tunics. We quickly disposed of them in the outside wheelie bins, fearful of our good names being sullied if it became known that we'd ever had something like that in our posession. We were good, practicing christian women whose reputations and rectitude were essential to who we were.

On returning from dress rehearsal we found that some joker had replaced the marijuana joints inside our costumes and we tried to figure who it might have been, but nothing came to mind. Grace was running it back and forth under her nose to savour its aroma which was, I found when I copied her, quite attractive.

"What do you think it does to you when you smoke it?" she asked. 



"I've no idea, but I've read that it relaxes you and seems to heighten perception. Some religious groups use it in ritual, as well as musicians," I replied, airing my almost total lack of knowledge of the subject.

"You know what," giggled Grace, so unlike her, "lets be a bit daring and have that bottle of bubbly I won. Nobody will know we broke the pledge. It's almost Christmas after all."

A year before she'd won a bottle of rose and, being wholly teetotal, it had sat in the fridge since. I'd never drunk anything stronger than ginger beer, but as we were on our own with no possibility of being found out, perhaps we could discover what others found so attractive about alcoholic beverages.

It tasted odd at first, but after two or three more sips I found it quite more-ish and, within about two hours we'd emptied the bottle and were giggling foolishly at just about anything which came to mind. 

"Shall we try a spliff? I feel daring," Grace giggled once more. 

She took the gas stove-lighter from the kitchen and got the smoke lit, drawing in a mouthful and trying to inhale in a deep, single intake in the approved manner, but collapsing to the carpet in an uncontrolable coughing fit. 

"Here, you try," she ordered, passing me the joint.

I cautiously drew a modest amount of smoke and carefully sucked it down my throat, fighting the urge to cough, then felt pleasantly at peace with the world. After another toke I felt happier than I could ever remember having been before. After a couple more drags, Grace was up floating with me.

"What's happened to your diorama, Ruthie?" she laughed. "Or have I had too much of a good thing and I'm hallucinating. I didn't see the Magi move, did I?" 

But she did, and so did I. We suddenly found ourselves in the company of three bearded men in embroidered silk robes, all looking to be straight out of ancient Persia. They were the figures off my little tableaux, made for my Sunday school kids.
