 My short legs struggled to keep up with Taran's strides as he led us through kilometers of dense forest. He had not paused to rest nor even speak for hours, and the rest of us filed behind, honoring the silence. 

Without warning the tall blue-eyed hunter came to a stop.

"We're almost there," he told Grant and me, his breath heavy from exertion. "I must warn you, our people will react strongly to your presence, especially because of the way you're dressed. As I mentioned before, City Dwellers are forbidden from entering the settlement. Just allow me to speak, and don't take any action which might be interpreted as hostile."

"Will they try to hurt us?" I asked, exchanging a worried look with Grant.

"We'll make sure that they don't," Taran pledged. He paused, then said to the others, "I was thinking, perhaps it would be best to send ahead a runner, alert them we are coming."

"That won't be necessary," an unfamiliar voice responded.

I jumped and clutched Grant's arm. I saw at least a dozen men and women surrounding our group and drawing closer, each of their bows and arrows poised and ready to spring, pointed at Grant and me.

"Why have you brought strangers here, Taran?" a large woman with fierce eyes demanded. "You know outsiders are forbidden."

"Don't shoot!" the hunter cried, holding out his arms. He, Kuri and the others formed a protective circle around us, all of them shouting, waving the others down. "Please, don't shoot. They aren't outsiders. They're two of the stolen children!" 

A middle-aged man with wavy, shoulder-length hair lowered his bow and stepped forward. He studied Grant and me for a long moment, lingering on our faces.

He lifted his chin. "What are your names?"

"My name is Grant, and this is Astrid."

"How old are you?"

"I'm thirty-one, and he is thirty-four years," I answered, pressing against Grant as the group broke out into agitated chatter.

"Everyone, please, lower your weapons." The man looked at Taran. "I assume you have proof of their claim."

"Yes. They escaped with the help of strangers, one of whom gave them a data chip which she requested be delivered to Zarek."

The air stirred with murmurs of speculation.

"Have you viewed the contents of this chip?"

"Part of it," Taran answered. "Most of the message is encrypted; the woman on the recording said Zarek 'holds the key' to unlocking it. That's why I decided to break protocol and bring them here."

William turned to a couple of young people in the crowd. "Find Zarek. Tell him to meet me in my dwelling immediately." He looked at the hunters and us. "Come."

