 Important note: if you have read the first part of this trilogy, you know what to expect. If you haven't read the first part, know that this is a very crazy story! Futanari stories are not for everyone! In it, you'll find something akin to transsexual transformation, deepthroating, anal and magic.

Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!

*****

Leonard watched the pretty brunette walk by him and frowned when she didn't even notice his "Hello!" It was strange as Kara was usually very friendly. Yet Leonard didn't think she had snubbed him on purpose. Kara had just walked out of her professor's office. Leonard, a student himself, knew that one could be shaken after a meeting with a professor. For example after receiving a bad grade or disciplinary action. But Kara was a very good student and she hadn't looked shaken at all. 

Instead, Kara had seen deeply lost in her own thoughts. It was as if Kara had been bewitched or glamoured. He hmmed and thought that it only reinforced his suspicions. What had her professor told her? After all, Miss Lilian wasn't an ordinary professor. He didn't mean it in the sense that she was very talented, which she was, nor even in the sense that she was spectacularly gorgeous and sexy. Which she definitely was. "Oh no," thought Leonard. "There's something positively weird about her, and one day I'm going to find out what it is!"

In fact, Leonard has been stalking—. But no, stalking wasn't the right word. Leonard has been studying Miss Lilian for a while now. Last year, after taking the same occult anthropology class Kara was finishing now, Leonard had become obsessed. Not with the material and not even with Miss Lilian herself because she was so hot. Not exactly. 

What had fascinated him the most was the strange and supernatural rumors that surrounded Miss Lilian. And, of course, that famed midnight class. Miss Lilian hadn't, obviously, said anything about there being midnight classes. In fact, the only time she had spoken about it was to answer a student who had bravely asked about it in class. She had laughed and said that while her subject matter was sometimes a little strange, she ran her classes in a very serious manner. Despite the fact that her answer made perfect sense, Leonard had been fascinated nonetheless. 

Miss Lilian's class was more than just "a little strange" though. She taught about five other classes in her anthropology department, but this was her signature class. A class she had created herself. She was the only professor who gave that class as she was the only one competent to do it. And strange was the first word that came to mind when one thought about that class. 

Among the satanic rituals and creatures, with the monstrously cruel old gods and strewn among the barely comprehensible mythical creatures from other cultures, were a few purely sexual creatures. Leonard had discovered just how creative the Japanese could be when it came to mythical sexual creatures. Both from the ancient past or more recent creations. From squid-like monsters with cocks for tentacle tips to the fetish with eels and snails and larvae, Leonard had been shocked. 

Yet, like most other guys in the class, he had been fascinated by the futanari. Futanari were incredibly sexualized creatures that usually looked like hyper-females: they were tall, had long hair, extremely large breasts that defied gravity, impossibly small waists but coupled with wide flaring hips, luscious round thighs that flowed down into long legs. Yeah; hyper-females, but with a twist. Futanari have cocks. Monstrously large cocks that would kill any humans if fully penetrated. 

Although the concept of a hyper female with such a big cock in itself was both repugnant yet intoxicating, it had caught Leonard's imagination. But in particular, one specific drawing of a futanari had enthralled him. It was a very modern drawing, quite realistic in style. The futanari was blonde with deep blue skin. Its eyes, lips, nipples, bush and the crown of its cock were lit with an eerie blue-green glow. Leonard had never had any homosexual tendencies or even private fantasies. Yet that creature, with it's enormous cock had stuck in his mind. 

Ever since seeing that drawing, he had noticed that Miss Lilian's incredibly voluptuous body was remarkably close to that futanari. Of course, Leonard knew that his professor wasn't hiding a twelve inch cock under her skirt. But as for the rest... Her breasts, although usually hidden under a conservative three piece suit, were impressively large. 

But it wasn't because she was chubby. Oh no. Just natural wonders riding high above a small waist and flaring hips. And standing approximately at 5'8" without heels, Miss Lilian was indeed gifted with very long legs. The fact that she had very long blonde hair only added to the resemblance. 

Except for the cock, of course. But even though she didn't have a cock, there was still something peculiar about her. She wasn't simply eccentric like most professors were, lost as they could be in their own minds. No. Leonard was sure there was something more to her than just that.

And so, a year after having discovered her, Leonard had done a lot of research. While he couldn't find much on Miss Lilian herself, Leonard had focused on that famed midnight class. He was now convinced that there was something behind those rumors. He wasn't sure about what the midnight class actually was, but he had found a few students who definitely had something to hide on that subject. Try as he might, he had never managed to get more info. 

What he did find was the existence of an ancient summer solstice ritual that was supposed to happen somewhere around town. Something to do with Native Americans traditions. Of course, classes were long over when the summer solstice came around, but somehow his research had led him there. 

And by now he was convinced that Miss Lilian was right in the middle of it all. His friends thought that he was simply infatuated with her and that his mind was short-circuiting about all those secret classes and rituals. He admitted that he found her extremely attractive, as did all of his friends, but that there was more to it than that. Alone with this fascination, Leonard kept digging. 

Because of this fascination, Leonard hadn't been near Miss Lilian's office by accident when he had seen Kara sitting outside her door. He tried to hang around as much as he could, to see if strange people would come in to her office. Of maybe another woman who looked like a futanari. No luck on that front so far. But when he saw Kara looking so dejected, Leonard decided to stay around, curious. Kara was brilliant and Leonard knew that she couldn't be in academic trouble. Something was up! Twenty minutes later he saw her coming out of the office looking positively radiant. Almost brilliant in the literal sense. 

Leonard had been eager to talk to her but instead was stunned by the fact that she ignored him. Well, she hadn't willfully ignored him to slight him. He could see that. In a sense, that was quite interesting! What had just happened in that room? What had Miss Lilian said or done? Leonard sighed when he was forced to admit that he had no idea. There was two months left before the summer solstice and he was determined to know if anything he believed about it was right. 

For now though, Kara was his only lead. Sadly, the semester was pretty much over and he wasn't friends enough with her to invite her to talk before the solstice. Or if he did, she'd believe it was as a date. Leonard wasn't opposed to the idea of dating her, as Kara was pretty enough with her long brown hair and slim figure. Many times his eyes had been drawn to her smallish breasts. "Smallish!" he grinned, remembering a moment two weeks ago when he had said that to his friend. His friend had replied "Smallish? Kara doesn't have small breasts! She likely easily fills a C cup bra! Your perception is just skewed because you're obsessed by big breasts!"

But beyond those tempting breasts, Leonard had a feeling that Kara wasn't into guys. In fact he was convinced that one of her friends, Nina, was her girlfriend. Nina was certainly a lesbian, and they way they hung together and often walked hand in hand... But that was besides the point. Leonard's last chance at getting info from Kara was the end of semester party in a few days. 

Leonard's head was spinning after trying to follow Kara through the party. Not only was she very pretty, but she was also dressed quite a bit sexier than she normally does on campus. The short skirt she had chosen continuously threatened to reveal her panties. Once, when she was sitting on a pool table, she opened her legs slightly and he saw a flash of red. Fuck! He had to fight with an erection and with the growing realization that he was getting more and more attracted by this girl!

And she wasn't the only girl here trying to blow some steam! His eyes were assailed by a lot more flesh than he was used to. Leonard wasn't a party guy and this was, by far, the biggest party he had ever been to.

As it turned out, Leonard got lucky. Not with a girl, alas, but with info on Miss Lilian. Just as he was about to walk out of the bathroom, he heard Kara talking to her friends just outside as they waited in line. They thought nobody was around, and Kara told them that she was going to Miss Lilian's house next Saturday. "What?" one of her friends said. "On a date?"

"No!" Kara said, giggling. "Well, I'm not sure actually."

"You're not?" cried another one. 

Kara was laughing by now as she explained a bit of what had happened while she was in Miss Lilian's office. Leonard was floored to hear that Kara had flirted with her professor! As most students on campus he knew that Miss Lilian was a very public bisexual woman. But he had never heard of a student brave enough to flirt with her! She was at least twice as old as they were and probably uninterested with young boys or girls. Then again, Kara had been invited to her house...

Her other friends laughed with Kara as Leonard was shocked. "Damn, Miss Lilian! Dating a student?" he thought, smiling. That didn't bother him much though. Lucky Kara! He was much more interested in Miss Lilian's occult secrets, and now Kara would lead him to Miss Lilian's house! 

The following Saturday, late in the evening, Leonard slumped against the rocks and sighed. The rocks against which he was slumping were part of the foundation of Miss Lilian's house. It was a huge, isolated house far from the city and pretty high up in the mountain. He had sneaked around her house all through their date, trying to hear something that would prove his notions about Miss Lilian and the midnight class. 

Alas, nothing. As he watched Kara driving away, he sighed again. While he was very happy to have caught that specific information about a second date, he had gotten nothing else. Sure they had kissed, but that hadn't surprised him much. It was, after all, a date.

What he had really wanted was info on the class! Or ritual, or whatever spooky was happening. Yet with the wall on one side, the open forest he couldn't get to without being seen and the fact that the two of them had spent most of their time indoors, Leonard had spent a frustrating evening. As he drove back to campus, he knew he would have to buy a long range microphone for next time! One more week to wait before he would have another chance at hearing something interesting. One full week! He grumbled as he drove. The summer solstice was getting ever closer!

As it turned out, he didn't have to wait an entire week. Or even a full day for that matter. Only a few hours after his disappointing Saturday night, Leonard spent his Sunday morning researching online. One of his google searches for the summer solstice festival turned up a big event at the local Native American museum and interpretation center. It was held that very day, a few weeks before the start of the 28 days-long festival itself. 

Leonard checked the schedule and decided to go there for the big dance at 3pm. When he arrived about an hour early and was surprised to see the number of people at the museum. The hot and sunny Spring day had turned what would normally be a small scale event into a really big thing. He planned on exploring a few interior exhibits until the dance was about to begin. 

Leonard had been here a few times before and while he was only somewhat interested by the public displays, he had a feeling that there would be more interesting things hidden in the back. Given what he had learned about Native American culture in Miss Lilian's class, he was sure there was more to the story. Curiosity was definitely one of Leonard's defining characteristics. 

As he walked close to the door that was reserved for employees and Native Americans, he slowed down and looked through the small window. At first he didn't see much as the long corridor wasn't lit. But the fact that it wasn't simply a staff-only place further enhanced his interest. Because he was alone in the room, as everybody else was outside enjoying the glorious Spring day, he pressed his forehead against the small window and placed his hands on either side of his face to block the light. 

As his eyes adjusted, he saw deeper into the corridor, but apart from another corridor crossing this one, he didn't see anything. And then a light turned on. Excited, Leonard froze, hopeful that he would catch a glimpse of something secret or forbidden. Instead, a few seconds later, he heard a woman's voice calling his name from behind him. He jumped and turned around in surprise only to see Miss Lilian standing on the other side of the room. 

The following morning, Leonard woke up feeling completely disoriented. For a moment he tried grasping at the fading dream he had been having. Man! That was crazy! Fucking Miss Lilian, and a futanari version of Miss Lilian! The herbs he had smoked with her in the peace pipe, the strange room, the flirting... That's probably why he had such crazy dreams! But wait. Was all that real? Until the fucking, of course. That couldn't possibly have been real. Was any of it real? Did he really go there at all?Shaking his head and taking deep breaths as if to clear his lungs, Leonard tried to put things back in order. 

Miss Lilian had been dressed in a Native American costume that, while it didn't look like a slutty halloween costume, was nonetheless extremely sexy. He hadn't been able to prevent his eyes from looking at her from head to toes and back up again. Not in a lecherous way, just an irrepressible scan in response to his shock. Although it had been pretty quick, Leonard had gotten a better look at her body, beneath the leather and beads and feathers, than ever before. 

Dear gods was she busty! Her breasts were threatening to overflow from a dress that was not, at all, up to the task of containing those mounds of flesh. Yet it still hugged her small waist, which only underscored the size of her breasts. The skirt part also hugged her hips and thighs and showed the rest of her long legs. Leonard wished he could spend the rest of the day staring at her. 

Miss Lilian looked down at her dress and said "Oh, I know I look foolish. Can't be much whiter or blonder than me... But I've been a patron here for years now and the local Native American leaders in the area, from most tribes, really like how I talk about them in my classes. I know this is an honor for a non-native, but still..." Miss Lilian sighed after that, and frowned at him again. "But in any case... What are you doing here, sneaking around?"

Luckily, Leonard had gathered his wit as she tried to justify the costume. "Just curious, I guess." he said in a voice he hoped was calm and steady. 

"Oh right! I remember you now... You were the guy walking the edge between curiosity and conspiracy theories." Miss Lilian replied as she walked towards him. Leonard's awareness of her body increased with each of her steps. "Weren't you still in my class this semester?" she asked as she stood in front of him.

Leonard had never been this close to her before, especially not while she was wearing such revealing clothing. He was looking up at her, given that she was about two inches taller than he was, and knew he was beginning to flush. "Yeah, as an auditor."

"Oh!" Miss Lilian smiled sweetly. "Good to know you were interested! So." She paused, looking at the door behind him. "Curious as to what's behind door number one?" she asked with a wink. He nodded, smiling. "Well, come with me!"

And as simply as that, Miss Lilian punched in the code and unlocked the door. As he followed, his eyes glued to her swaying ass, she told him that there were a few rooms where they prepared exhibits or repaired pieces. But those rooms were boring. Knowing him, she knew which room would pique his interests. Conflicting thoughts warred in Leonard's head. 

First, he wondered if that was just a way to keep him away from the really interesting rooms, but second, what was really piquing his interest now was the way her buttocks moved under that skirt. Leonard sure liked big breasts. No doubt about that. But that didn't mean that he was blind to nice asses. And Miss Lilian certainly had a stunning ass. Damn! He felt his body temperature rise as he watched each side of that ass rising with her steps. Not only that; because of those wide hips, her entire lower body rotated slightly as she walked. Following her in this dark corridor was exhilarating. 

After a minute or so, Miss Lilian stopped a a door and punched in another code. She then entered and disappeared in the fully dark room. Despite his nervousness, he decided to follow her into that darkness. Seconds later he saw her striking a match and light a few candles as the door closed behind him. As the flames began to really burn, he saw a room unlike anything he had ever seen before. 

The round room itself was all wood, from the walls to the roof, and the floor was covered with thick, plushy mats. It was filled with countless works of art that were certainly mythological in nature. There were many large chairs and sofas, all arrayed in a circle and covered with furs. In the middle was a very large tree trunk that served as a table, upon which were three peace pipes. 

As he kept looking around, noticing the animal trophies and countless jewelry hung from them, he heard Miss Lilian striking another match. Turning around, he saw her lighting one of the pipes before taking a deep draw. As she breathed out the smoke, she said "This will help me face the dance later...". She was smiling as she handed to pipe to him. "Want some? You look a bit nervous Leonard..."

Leonard wasn't a regular smoker, but with pot becoming legal he had tried it a few times. And liked it. On the other hand, wasn't sure if he wanted his mind too relaxed in this dark room, alone with the sexiest woman he had ever seen. He took the pipe nonetheless and drew on it. It wasn't pot, or at least not just pot. 

When Miss Lilian sat down in front of him, he couldn't miss the fact that her dress had ridden very high. The hem, which had been almost down to her knees, was now higher than mid-thighs because leather wouldn't stretch at all. Noticing his bulging eyes, she turned her legs sideways and said "I'm sorry... I know I can't really sit with this dress. Do you mind?"

Did he mind? "Of course not, Miss Lilian." For a brief moment, he wondered if she wasn't toying with him. She must have known that she had great legs and that ever man would enjoy any opportunity to see them...

"Well, now that we've shared a pipe and you're not my student anymore, you can call me Lilian if you want."

With her tight dress, her sparkling blue-green eyes, the long legs on display, the intimacy of this room and the excitement of being this far backstage, Leonard was unprepared to properly deal with Lilian's next question. "So, who would you like to bring to such a special room, Leonard?"
