 Important note: as always for futanari stories, this is a very crazy story! It is not for everyone. In it, you'll find something akin to transsexual transformation, deepthroating, anal and magic. Enjoy!

***

Edited by: Pop1944. Thanks!

Leonard was now pretty much convinced that the whole sex thing with Lilian was a dream. An amazing dream, but alas nothing more. Thankfully, there were only a few days left before he was scheduled to go back to her house and spy on her date with Kara. Somehow, even if he knew it was just a dream, he felt a bit guilty about spying on them. As if that very intimate dream had reminded him that Lilian wasn't just an object of his curiosity, but a real human being with clear feelings for Kara. And he was going to spy on them while they were on a date?

Eventually, his curiosity won. Very disappointed. First because he had seen Lilian in a bikini. On the one hand it had been glorious, even more breathtaking than he remembered from his dream. That small bikini on her impossible body would make even the proudest man kneel in submission. Yet on the other hand, as luscious as that tightly enclosed pussy had been, it was obviously impossible to hide a monster cock there. Lilian was a normal woman. Incredibly sexy, but a woman nonetheless. 

But he was also disappointed because he hadn't managed to gather any solid info on the ritual. And so very late that night, Leonard found himself driving back from her house. This time he had brought a long range microphone and he had been able to hear a lot more of their conversations on futanaris. Clearly, there was a link between the class or ritual and those futanaris. As if his dream of Lilian as a futanari was prescient! Leonard hazily remembered that Lilian had told him that they existed. That was, at least, one new clue to follow. 

But as far as information on the ritual, nothing. Absolutely nothing. Hearing Kara and Lilian kissing in the pool and even beginning to fuck, had been thrilling. And Leonard hadn't felt the smallest bit of jealousy. Maybe it had been his threesome fantasy, but as he listened to them kissing and caressing each other, he had instead become quite aroused and had masturbated right there in the forest. After his climax, he laughed at himself, his sperm all over a tree with big earphones on his head. 

As fun as that had been, the futanari trail was all he had managed to get. He had decided to leave when it became clear that Kara would spend the night. As he drove back, with the summer solstice coming closer and closer, he knew he had to do something or else he'd miss the best opportunity he'd ever had. By the time he was back at his apartment, Leonard had convinced himself that he would have to do the craziest thing he had ever done in his life. He would have to sneak into Lilian's house and find some hard info on the ritual! 

After checking her website Leonard was pleased to see that two weeks later, on the fifth of June, Lilian had a public speaking engagement. It was a local event, at college, and she would be occupied at least all afternoon. And so Leonard had to endure two weeks of arduous patience. It was especially tough because he knew that if this latest idea didn't pan out, he would be pretty much out of time. His last recourse would be to contact her about smoking a peace pipe with her again. 

But as that meeting in the secret room receded slowly into the past, Leonard was beginning to think it had not happened at all. At first he thought that only the sex part was a dream. Now he wasn't sure. Or at least it probably didn't happen the way he remembered it. It was impossible, actually. Lilian flirting with him? Inviting him to smoke pot with her? Nah. He was not about to contact her and have her reply "What the fuck are you talking about?"

No. This plan was his last chance. Leonard was very nervous as he drove up to her house. The first thing he did was to hide his car. This meant a pretty long walk, but he didn't care. He then knocked on her door to make sure that she was not there. She wasn't. He walked around the big house and reached the back door; locked. He checked all the windows; locked. He checked the two basement doors; locked. The garage door; failed at finding the code. He even climbed up on the porch roof to check on three additional windows; all locked. 

Sitting on a deck chair next to the pool, Leonard sighed. Was this the end of his adventure? He was out of ideas. He had no idea when Kara would be back and he was not about to ask Lilian for a smoke. He swore out loud. The thought of going back to his apartment made him feel sick. But what choice did he have? And then a last crazy idea popped into his head. It was all so simple. All he had to do was wait around for her to come back and unlock the doors. Deep in the night, as she slept, he would simply sneak inside and have a look!

Leonard waited three hours for Lilian to come back, and never in those three hours, not even once, did he realize that this was an insane plan. It could go wrong in countless ways. In fact it could go very very wrong, with the cops getting involved and spending time in prison. In the end, Leonard was lucky. Extremely lucky. Not only did he get the information he wanted to, but he got a incredible bonus as well. Not until much later would he realize that it hadn't been luck at all. 

Hidden in the forest behind her house, Leonard finally heard her come in. By now it was very late and very dark. He saw her turning on the lights and walking around. She came out, dropped a few pellets of salt in the pool and went back in. About an hour later, most lights were turned off except for one. The bathroom. Gathering his courage, Leonard silently walked up to that window and peeked in. 

Lilian was standing about four feet away from him, completely naked. The intensity of his shock, faced with so much beauty and raw lust, was so high that he actually heard a bell ringing in his head. He simply couldn't believe that Lilian was even more beautiful and so damn more sexier than he had imagined. That bikini hadn't left much for his imagination to fill in, but christ! Leonard had seen countless nude beauties online, from the best websites and magazines, with all sorts of perfect bodies. But Lilian? Lilian was something else. 

Her proportions shouldn't work. She should have looked strange. Her breasts were so damned big, capped with large pink aureolas and nipples, and stood so high... They looked like they were implants, so out of proportion were they with her small waist. Then again her hips brought some kind of symmetry to her silhouette. She looked like a living, breathing caricature of a hyper-feminine woman. 

The barely trimmed golden bush between her legs, so different from the current fad of fully or almost fully shaven pussies he was used to seeing online, also caught his attention. And, more than seeing a beautiful bald pussy, hers made his cock twitch. As if on cue, Lilian looked down at that bush and ran her fingers through it. Not in a sexual manner. More as if she was wondering if it was time to trim it. "But no!" Leonard thought. "Don't touch it!"

As Lilian moved around and bent over the bath to stop the water, he got a look at her full, generous and bubble-like ass. Once more he was surprised to feel his entire body reacting to that majestic ass. Even though he was a fan of the slimmer, younger asses the internet was filled with, Lilian's ass clearly woke up deeper feelings. Leonard felt like growling as he stared at it. 

Seeing her breasts move with her confirmed that her breasts, as magical as they looked, were completely natural. Leonard didn't mind silicon breasts. For him, there were only two ways to categorize breasts: beautiful or not. But somehow, finding out that her breasts were not silicon only added to his awe. 

A minute later Lilian was in her bath, listening to music as she relaxed. The thick blanket of bubbles over her meant that the show was pretty much over. After admiring her beautiful face for a few minutes, Leonard knew that it was now or never. He silently made his way into her house and thanked whatever gods existed that she had put music on. 

Twenty minutes later, as he drove back to his apartment, Leonard's heart was pounding and he was grinning as if he'd just won the lottery. After having uselessly searched through a few books, Leonard had decided to check in her laptop. He had cracked her password in seven attempts and was surprised that her password was one of her favorite swear expressions in class. A few odd notes on her calendar around the solstices and a quick search of her computer using those odd names had worked. 

Leonard now knew when and where the secret class, or the ritual, would be. The futanari references he had found in that document were a bit unsettling, but then again he quite liked the overt sexual aspects of those mythical creatures. The fact that he remembered her telling him that they were real only added to the mystery. Back home, Leonard reviewed all the information he had and went to bed still grinning, prepared to wait all those weeks until the solstice. 

Leonard arrived at the clearing quite a bit earlier than the time he had read on Lilian's laptop. He smiled, noticing that he now thought of her as Lilian and not Miss Lilian. In the middle of the clearing was a huge flat rock which, he guessed, could serve as an altar. He walked around the clearing and found the best place to hide before settling in for a long wait. 

Two hours later he heard two feminine voices. Watching through his binoculars he saw Lilian and Kara walking towards the clearing. They were barely dressed and held hands as they walked. Right away he could see that while Kara was excited, she was also afraid. Or at least nervous. Soon, without even looking around, both of them disrobed and threw their clothing in a bag. Leonard's jaw dropped as he watched them both. 

Lilian was, of course, leagues above and beyond any other woman he had ever seen and so Kara paled in comparison. But after his eyes feasted a second time on the glory of Lilian's golden body, Leonard began to appreciate the subtler beauty and sexiness of Kara. He remembered being teased about saying that her breasts were smallish. While they were when compared to Lilian's mammoth mammaries, they would, nonetheless, likely fill his hands. 

The rest of her body was perfectly proportioned to those smaller breasts, with a sweet but gentle curve of her waist to her hips and lean legs. The long brown hair tumbling free was an interesting contrast to the flawlessly shaven pussy. While the two of them were profoundly different, in pretty much all aspects physical and mental, they were both pleasing to the eye. Soon enough Leonard felt his blood rushing to his cock as he watched them fool around and kiss in the light of the sunset. 

In less than half and hour six more mature women arrived, all between 30 and 50. They were all remarkably busty and they all had very long and loose hair. Some two were brunettes while the others were all blonde. Besides their hyper-feminine traits, they all shared Lilian's bright blue-green eyes. Family? Leonard didn't know. With those six women also came three other young girls. One of which he already knew from college, and the other two were college age girls he had never seen before. 

Leonard ended up a voyeur to seven magnificent women and four perky girls. They all ended up nude as they talked and drank wine, and Leonard was as excited as he could be. When the last light of the sun reached them and the darkness began to take its place, something changed. As one woman was crouching behind the rock, Leonard heard music beginning to play. He was surprised to realize that he knew the band playing. It was Heilung, a very distinctive group of pagan music. If the gathering hadn't already been odd enough, this certainly clinched it. 

As sunlight faded more and more from the sky, the women started three fires around the rock and began dancing to the music. At first the young and mature women all danced together in no special pattern Leonard could discern. But after about half an hour of this dance, the four younger girls moved to the rock and sat down. Despite the fires, the sharp contrast of light between the women who were between a fire and him and those that were on the other side of a fire, Leonard kept losing track of Lilian. There were two other women that were voluptuous and blonde, and Leonard's eyes were beginning to fall short. 

When at one point he noticed a few glasses of some white and glowing liquid appear in their hands, he had no idea from whence it came. Even with his binoculars he couldn't figure out what it was or how it was glowing. At first he thought it was a led light under the glass, but as he saw some dripping on the ground, he saw that the liquid itself was glowing. 

While the mature women drank some, it was obviously destined for the younger girls. They all rank a full glass and were obviously surprised by the taste. With the music Leonard couldn't really hear anything else. After that, the glasses disappeared and the music changed. Since the beginning it had been quite mellow and airy, but now the rhythm increased significantly. And so did the dance. 

At first Leonard grinned as he saw all those stunning bodies moving around in a dance that what was increasingly sexually charged. The women were touching each other more and more, and some of those touches were overtly sexual. Breasts, asses and pussies were grabbed and caressed, and soon kissed and licked and sucked. Leonard's eyes widened when he saw a woman kneeling behind Lilian as she ate her ass. Lilian was leaning on the rock right next to Kara and was kissing the younger girl as her ass was being devoured. 

And then something utterly impossible happened. When Leonard pulled his eyes away from that highly sexy scene, he saw a futanari. One of the woman, dancing just at the right spot so that she was well lit by a fire, now had a huge cock dangling heavily between her legs. She was still definitely a woman, with her face, long hair, large breasts, wist and hips. But now, shockingly, she was sporting a nine inch long monster cock between her legs. 

As everything he had learned about futanari came to the fore in his head, Leonard dropped the binoculars and hung his head. After squeezing his eyes shut, very hard, Leonard shook his head and looked back up again. There were now three futanaris in front of him. And when Lilian stood up and moved away from the loving mouth of the other woman, Leonard gasped when he saw that she, too, had a thick cock between her legs. It was about as big as the other ones, nine or ten inches, and it grew from her nice blonde bush. 

Lilian had never said that futanaris could... could what? Could retract their cocks? Damn! this was crazy! "Of course she wouldn't say it!" Leonard thought as he stared, amazed, at what was now very obviously six futanaris dancing in the firelight. His cock was painfully hard and he decided to unzip his pants to release the tension. As he kept watching, he saw the six creatures gradually turning into typical futanaris. 

And then it hit him. That dream, after the meeting with Lilian... It hadn't been a dream! Have I already fucked Lilian? Impossible! But as much as he'd like to spend time trying to piece together his fuzzy memories of that afternoon, he was way to fascinated by the dancing futanaris in front of him. 

Their skin turned darker, their eyes began to glow, as did their aureolas and nipples, their bushes and even their lips and mouths. Leonard though he could still recognize Lilian in there, but as he stared he was shocked once more when he saw the classic futanari prehensile tails beginning to appear. "What?" he thought. "That's new!" Eventually those long soft cocks turned into even longer and bigger erections and Leonard kept closing and opening his eyes, as if he knew what he was seeing was impossible.  

A bit later, as they began caressing each other's cocks, Leonard saw that their bodies were glowing even more. Tendrils of glowing lights were emerging from their aureolas and bush, and for a couple of them, even from their eyes, mouths and navel. He finally noticed that one of the futanaris was now furry all over. Leonard wondered again if he was still dreaming or hallucinating. But he hadn't smoked or drank anything suspicious all day, and everything else seemed perfectly normal and real. 

Eventually, three of the highly aroused futanaris grabbed one of the young girls and brought them to the dance. Leonard gasped as those girls willingly fell on their knees and began kissing those monster cocks. Leonard was beginning to feel overloaded with arousal as he stared at the lewd sight. The girls could barely fit the tips of those cocks into their mouths, but they kept trying and licking and kissing them. 

As Leonard looked at their breasts, he wondered "Were they this big earlier?" Kneeling and leaning forward as they were, their breasts hung differently than when they were standing, but still. They definitely looked bigger. But he forgot about that for a moment as he realized that Kara was still sitting on the rock. What he believed was Lilian was standing next to her, as aroused as the other futanaris, but nothing else was happening between the two of them. 

When he heard a gagging noise, Leonard looked back at the closest girl on her knees and almost cried out when he saw that she had taken the entire fucking length of that cock in her throat. At least a foot of wrist-thick cock was buried down her throat as her nose was pressed against the blonde bush. "Just like I did Lilian!" he thought, shocked. Leonard wasn't sure he could understand the mechanics of exactly where it plunged inside the girl. Or had done so inside him. The only thing he was sure of was that the sight was breathtakingly erotic. 

As he watched the other two girls managing the same feat, his cock was ready to burst. Now on all fours in front of the kneeling futanaris, the girls were being fucked deep down their throats. Their breasts, undoubtedly bigger now, were rocking back and forth as their bodies were pummelled by the futanaris' penetrations. Leonard grabbed his cock and began masturbating as he watched. 

So focused was he on the magical sight that he never saw Lilian walking towards him. He only looked up when she was standing right next to him. He jumped in fright and rolled backwards in the grass. By now, Lilian's cock was soft and limp, yet he was still overwhelmed by her presence. "Get undressed Leonard..." she said. 

Way too stunned to even think of replying, he merely mumbled a few sounds. Lilian got the gist of it. "Of course I knew you were here. Just like I knew you were trying to discover what the midnight class was all about. And last month, in my house. Do you really think a woman alone in her very remote house would take a bath with music on and leave the doors unlocked? Has it ever occurred to you that I might have had security cameras, Leonard?"

Leonard swallowed hard and tried to make sense of what she was saying. She had been onto him from the start? He stood up shakily and attempted to zip his jeans up. "Don't worry about that... Take them off I said." she paused, looking at him with a slight frown on her face. "Why didn't you call me? After what we shared, I can't understand..."

Leonard swallowed hard and managed to say "I... I didn't think it was real."

"What? Oh, right... the peace pipe. Not used to that. Should have thought about that. You know, when you sneaked in, I half expected you to surprise me in the bath!" 

Leonard was now staring at her, imagining the scene. In the silence, Lilian said "Well in any case you're here, as I had hoped you would. What's taking so long with the pants? Are you really going to tell me you don't want to join us? You don't want to fuck Kara?"
