 "You stink."

I turned my head to see the man beside me in the lift take another step away, as far as he could go without making contact with the wall.

"Excuse me?" I responded, returning his glare.

His thick eyebrows joined into one as he wrinkled his bulbous nose. "When was the last time you decontaminated?"

"Not that it's any of your business, but I am on my way to do so right now."

"It's a public health hazard, you know, to go too long between cleanings."

"I'm aware of that. I had a physical task to perform today and haven't had the opportunity to decontaminate. I'm sorry if my sweat offends you."

"It's more than sweat. I don't know what it is, but now I have to go straight to the decontaminator myself, just to get your stink off me," he sneered, stepping out of the lift.

Relieved he was finally gone, I let out a deep breath. I hoped I'd handled the situation satisfactorily, not aroused suspicion. I knew I stank, and that it wasn't from sweat. At least, not entirely.

When Grant and I were in the storage room, we hadn't noticed that we smelled any differently. But the moment we stepped out into the corridor, we detected an odor at once, and it was coming from us. 

We smelled of each other, a combination of sweat, body fluids and our own personal fragrances. It was similar to what my body released when I secretly masturbated in the privacy of my bunk, only amplified. I'd never had to worry about the smell before; I always decontaminated before leaving home.

The lingering scent of Grant's body mixed with mine aroused my senses, not offended them. It was heady and penetrating, a potent reminder of our sexual intercourse. 

Still, we understood we had to decontaminate as quickly as possible, lest someone notice our aroma, thereby arousing suspicions as to its source. We decided separating and visiting chambers on different floors would be safer than being seen together, both of us sharing the same unusual odor, even if the risk of one of us encountering another person might be greater. If we were alone when confronted, it could be explained away more easily.

My personal preference would have been to go home and crawl into bed, masturbate, then fall to sleep with the scent of our union filling my lungs. But I dared not indulge in such fantasies.

With relief and regret I arrived at the decontaminator and stepped inside.

