 Caught in the glitz and glow of his VR headset, Takafumi ignores the new weight climbing up his legs. Hips and thighs and more. Scooching cheek first right onto his lap. Takafumi grunts. More instinct than awareness. His body gives more a shit than he does. Flinching. Stiffening with alarm. Muscles contracting and constricting to the point he's gripped up the player controller.

And Takafumi still ignores it, refusing to spare a drop of his attention.

Why would he, anyway?

He lived alone. No friends. No family. Nothing important to steal. This is his mind playing tricks on him. A fucking physical hallucination. Those things did happen, right? Some sort of phantom touch trying to wreck with his concentration. To pay attention to it now would ruin his streak. Level 500 is right there for his swordsman character. Just a few more kills.

So the moment passes and Takafumi forgets what he was ignoring in the first place.

The phantom remains on his lap. Undisturbed and uncared for. It tucks itself neatly between his outstretched arms and hands hugging the game controller. Takafumi's elbows resting on the computer desk. The phantom leans forward. Sloping shoulders brushing against his arms. Long thick hair soft against his skin as it swayed.

They are like this for a while.

Silent.

Touching.

Hips upon hips. Breath upon breath.

The phantom inhales and exhales with a excited feminine hitch. First short, then long, then short again. Low and wisp-like. Dreamy. Waiting. The sound slowly crawling into Takafumi's ears. He smiles without meaning to. Feeding off her excitement and company. The phantom watching his actions on the three monitors hooked up and around his big-rig hard drive.

It has to have been fun to watch.

The latest site-wide hack on Aurelia Online.

Takafumi's work, naturally.

The newest VRMMORPG, Aurelia Online, was one of the most popular around. Going through growing pains from the mass amount of eager players and big pocket whales, it was now home to a festering den of hackers from all corners of the internet. Takafumi included. Your standard gold farmers, griefers, bots, petty scammers and the big-brass hacking elite, Vortex. Takafumi Watanabe, the fifth member.

Tonight, for his level grinding pleasure, Takafumi exploited a opening between the server updates.

He's managed to dig deep into a set of coded-in rules that have been bothering him since day one. Preventing players from killing npcs and monster pets of other players. And there's no better reason to go on a mass killing spree than for free exp. Swarms of players are crowding around the shops and quest-givers.

If the developers didn't want this to happen, they shouldn't have even had the option available in the beta.

The spray of digital pixels splatters onto Takafumi's screens as he leans in, unable to stop smiling. Held in place by their programming, the storekeepers are stabbed and burned for the desire of the frenzied horde.

The very same adventures they'd gave money and shit weapons to take care of their monster infestations.

Just by the sheer number of attacks, glitching npcs are forced out of their shops and placement points. Bodies dissolving before reforming. Text boxes floating over their hollow heads, stupid as always, "Would you like to make a purchase?"

The sweet release of death, thank you.

The other npcs run from and to the players like headless chicken. Some pre-programmed motion, for cutscenes mostly, giving them the ability to notice damage. But unable to remember who or why after a few seconds. Just like the monsters. Pathetic.

And they gave decent exp so why not kill them a few more times?

It's not like they could feel it, anyway. Pixels and polygon and code. Pretty things to make gaming fun.

The phantom sits quietly, the back of her knees warm against the top of his. The sweat. The touch. The summer heat. Distracting. He ignores her. She doesn't ignore him. He feels her eyes turn to him.

Her judgment. Her lingering stare.

As she sits on him, her thick thighs and curve of her ass-cheeks line up with his cock. Takafumi notes this keenly. His body even more, lazily filling with blood and hardness. Of course, there are walls of fabric between their bodies touching in that way. His boxers. His black t-shirt.

But she's naked for all he can tell.

And as some sort of sex fantasy, the phantom would be, right?

Takafumi doesn't know who initiates it -him rubbing up, her grinding down- but it happens. The half-hard bulge of his cock grows into a thickness that digs into her plump flesh. Takafumi sighs. Places his controller to wait on the desk.

It doesn't take long for him to rationalize what is happening.

It's late. He's horny. His thoughts have obviously gotten away from him. And what was wrong with a little handsy session with himself? Because that was what was happening in the real world. Him touching himself. No phantom. No touch or breath or hips other than his own. No matter the mental gymnastics his subconscious wants throw his way.
Takafumi pretending that there was actually a woman on his lap.

"I am Cask."

Takafumi pretending that there was a talking woman on his lap.

"Shall we not partake in one another, Husk?" she says, wiggling her hips up and down to each word trickling out her mouth. "I hope you will find my body to your liking. I find yours to be for mine. Always have."

Takafumi jerks his hips up as his answer.

The phantom gasps. With his knee, he pushes her legs further apart. Her hipsy backside weighs against him, the sensation thrilling and almost, almost real. She parts easily for him, her lower lips now in perfect dry-humping position.

Takafumi inhales, his head swimming.

There's dampness sinking right into the front of his boxers. And the smell... Sweet and heady and light. A contrast to his own arousal. Musky and hot and thick. It's getting hard for him to think. And thinking is something he should be caring about.

After all, what if this was real?

Takafumi snorts and puts the crazy out of his mind.

The phantom squirms on his lap. Trying to close her chubby legs. Takafumi would have let her up if it wasn't for the fact her hands are braced on both sides of him. Nails digging in as she rides his frantic thrusts.

She not interested in getting off but in something else.

It's by her light struggle, he gets a feel of her body. A curvy shape, hourglass-like, except when it came to her hips and feet. She's tight and trim in some places, plump and jiggly in others.

As her ankles brush against his lower legs, sometimes they feel like feet, other times hooves.

"Traditionally, Husks aren't supposed to remain-" she says, her voice bookish and foreign. Her Japanese carrying an accent he can't really place a country to. "Oh. Oh! Husk, wait-" Still with the VR headset on, Takafumi is mostly relying on his hands to define the dream woman between his legs.

He gropes her, letting his fingers and palms explore her curve and shape.

The phantom squirms even more, fanning her legs open and rubbing against his clothed cock. "I'm in rut, you cheat!" Her clit, hard and stiff, sliding on his straining shaft. "Anytime else and I'd have you between my legs and-" Whatever else the phantom meant to say dissolves into huffy breaths.

Caressing her outright feels different than the touching of before.

He thumbs along her thighs and rear, squeezing and prodding the tender flesh. And she flocks to his touch, leading him along to her more sensitive points.

His fingers only confirms what he suspects.

She is naked.

With his other hand, Takafumi grabs a hold of her breast. "Th-The elder spirits didn't prepare-" she stutters, her nipple hardening under his thorough touch, "me for your appetite for my body. But I need to go first. Otherwise, it won't count. But it's hard when I want to be with you."

Takafumi absently listens to her.

"Once I do my part, it's over. Oblation. You. Me. And you never really remember, do you?"

Liking how flustered and out-of-sorts her voice went once in a higher pitch.

He kneads her nub, noting how thick and longer it was compared on a human nipple. Takafumi doesn't even need to hold her entire breast. With his index finger and thumb around her fat udder-like nipple, he lifts it. The phantom moans, her grinding picking up in speed. Slickness made between her pussy and his pre-cum aiding her gusto.

Takafumi's cock twitches, his climax incoming.

He lets her nipple go and brings both his hands to rest on her hips. The phantom pushes down on him, twin cheeks enveloping his covered cock and squeezing it to release. He tightens his hold and thrusts up without rhythm or direction. Chasing after that heat and liquid pleasure just gushing from the phantom. His boxers so soaked they sagged around his member. He wondered how wet he'd be once he was inside.

Takafumi is so, so close that he presses up against her.

Wanting the touch of before and the touch of now to mix and lead him to completion.

Hides his face into her fluffy hair, curls and frizzy fluff a pillow. His orgasm right there, balls tightening and shaft readying to release into his poor boxers until something else snakes inside.

Long and thin, this strange appendage slides into his waistband and wraps around the base of his cock.

"I can't let you waste your seed on this and shame on you for trying to make do so." The phantom sniffles, even though she sounds put down on stopping too. "We must wait for the elder spirits to bless our union." The hold tightens. "And you have very, very rude since I've arrived. No greeting. No pleasantries. It's as if you didn't know or care I was coming."

"I didn't know." Takafumi admits, his cock throbbing a pleasant pain. The rope-like appendage winds around his shaft three times, forming the same feel as a fist gripping his cock. But the tip of it, covered in brush-like hair, sweeps over his pearling cockhead. His cock throbs even harder, blood engorging his shaft to its peak. "Seriously, I didn't know." he says to play along.

He just wanted his orgasm, damn it.

"Ignorance does not pardon ignorance."

Takafumi rolls his eyes.

"Sorry." he mutters.

She clicks her teeth at him.

"Apologies, my Cask. That is the proper response. You've said those words aplenty to me."

The appendage has to be a tail or something like it, so warm and cozy collared around his member. The fur an interesting texture. Then it moves, the upper coils stroking his shaft. Takafumi's breath hitches. He goes to buck upwards and gets a pinch in response.

"You've had your bout. It's my turn to be indulgent now."

With her hands, she pulls his boxers down his knees. Her lush ass high in the air as she does so. Then the phantom sits back down, her pussy flush against his naked cock. Her folds hug his bound shaft, heat and sweet juice running rich.

Lewdly, her thighs squelch with her motion. The sound loud and kinky to Takafumi's ears.

The phantom uses him for her pleasure, rubbing up against his cock. Her tail moves to lock around his cockhead. Takafumi doesn't get why until her clit brushes up and along his shaft. Flesh touching flesh. Pleasure meeting pleasure. It doesn't take long for her. The phantom orgasms, cumming with grace, style and shameless cock-teasing moans that should've summoned his neighbors to break down his door.

Takafumi groans, his legs shaking without his input.

He's right there-

The tail tightens and his release sharply ends in a weak sputter of cum. And instead of softening, his cock remains at peak hardness. "Please," he whines. "Please, I can't keep this up." The phantom pats his thigh. Ugh, she must want him to say it. All of it. "Apologies, my Cask."

"Oh, did you say something?" she says, giggling. "I can't remember saying my turn was over. Do you?"

The phantom grinds into Takafumi. Her hips and body rocking in a careless motion. She teases him, happy and sultry with her power over him. With her pussy, she lines up her hole with his shaft and torments him using her perfect slit.

The hot space so close and so far that Takafumi doesn't need her blue-balling tail to keep him hard.

"You've been so good this far." the phantom praises. "I suppose you can have what you asked for."

The tip of her tail moves to play with his balls, caressing the overfilled orbs.

"Have your release."

Takafumi grunts, his grunts more moan than anything else.

"Your tail." he bitches, "Take it off. I cant." Finish, is what he means to say.

The phantom laughs.

"Like I said, have your release."

At her exact words, Takafumi finds his body obeying her words. He's cumming. Legs shaking, heart racing, his everything pooling towards his cock to release-

But. But, it's different somehow.

Instead of seeing white and feeling relief, he sees darkness, stars at night, and the pleasure that should've ended a second ago keeps on going. He's still cumming. Hot seed spewing out his cock slit. Tears form at the corners of his eyes. The endless orgasm knifing straight into a searing, agonizing pleasure. His vision begins to blur. His body weakens.

The cum is still coming, still forced through his rigid cock.

"I warned you." she murmurs softly, turning to pepper kisses on his face. "But I also wanted to see what will happen. The elder spirits are quite tight-tongued on the particulars about Oblation. I can't think of any way to get us out of it. Telling you doesn't work. Running away doesn't work."

He sobs, limply thrusting his hips to make it stop.

"Ah, my dear Husk." Her tail winds once more around his cock, choking off the influx of cum. "Casks breed and Husks are bred. So it goes. Now we both know." she licks up his tears, her tongue long and gentle. He leans into her attempts of comforting him. "Now we both can do better."

The phantom kisses.

"If you remember this time, that is."

She asks something, something stupid, and Takafumi turns the music up.

It's the same as always. A late night spent playing games. There's something on his lap. A phantom, he's tentatively calls it. Not wanting to waste any time thinking about hallucinations his mind has conjured up.

Sometimes, the phantom speaks to Takafumi.

Sometimes, he listens and loses a hour to blackness and strange relief and comfort.

And once again, he forgets the phantom is there.

Takafumi licks his teeth, relishing in the violence he unleashed on Aurelia Online. Mages releasing field-wide spells. Paladins calling forth holy spears. Shamans death cursing victims to hoard all the exp to themselves.

This shit would be on the forum boards for months.

Yeah, it was pretty ballsy of him to switch the code off, devs might be tracking his dummy account right now, but the hundreds of fellow assholes just killing and killing- The players happily mowing down the crowds of background characters. Trumpets blaring, "Level Up!"

And to think, Takafumi only did it because he was bored. Bored. Goddamn it, he cracks himself up.

"You are bored. Phrasing, yes? That is why you stole their divine protection. You wanted to make war."

Takafumi blinks. Surprised to hear a voice not from the game.

And that wasn't a question. It's condemnation.

"We see."

Takafumi turns off the headset music entirely, clicks up the visor, and looks around for the source. The voice wasn't coming from the phantom."You see, what?" he barks, not sure if he likes the fact he crossed into hearing audio hallucinations. "Hello. Say something!" Another attempt to ruin his session.

"This is where you have been for the last thousand years. Quite a hovel but you were fond of humans and their lands."

The voice mulls over its words, ghastly and grating.

"Inciting lesser gods into slaughter." The phantom ducks her head. "Making war within metal screens. Your blood lust is as deplorable and depraved as recalled. We have never thought so little of you as of now. But perhaps, that is our fault. Hasty work from long, long ago. We shall use you to remake the whole."

Was the voice or voices insulting him? Seriously. Over a video game?

Takafumi drops the controller on the desk and made to take off his headset.

"Just wait a minute-"

"Nay," the voice interrupts. "we recall our oaths. Consumption. Containment. Curse. The oath must be kept. Oblation must begin even if you are nothing but a broken fragment. You are suitable. You will accept. You will make war. Phrasing, yes. Reason given: You are bored."

"I'm not that kind of bored. Hey!"

Takafumi tugs off the headset and stars into the familiar scene of his everyday life.

Shit, was he actually expecting to see someone there?

The after-image of the neon visuals, bright and cheery, burn into his sore eyelids. Fuck. It take a couple of good blinks to banish it all away. The generic vista of fantasy cities, hacked character mods and spam-filled chat rooms.

He returns to the real world.

His one-room dump. Four walls to keep a roof over his head and little else.

A good dozen of MMO game cases and boxes line the hardwood floor. Single-player games crowding neatly beside his other gaming consoles. Dust coating the silver limited release editions. Handhelds stacked as a tower on the other side of his sleeping bag for easy access.

Outside the black desk which holds his three monitors and desktop computer, he has no real furniture.

The good futon is in the closet for guests Takafumi will never have. Real plates and bowls sit quietly in their packaging. The glare of the screens reflected on the untouched plastic sticking to their forms. Besides his wall of games, the floor is a sea of trash. Empty ramen cups. Stale store bought bentos. And takeout platters molding their way into becoming a houseplant.

And yet, the phantom is still here. In the flesh. Sitting on his lap. 

Horns.

Gleaming eyes. Bestial. Inhuman.

A monster girl. Cow breed.

As her body moves with her breath, Takafumi notices her. Physically.

The shape of her backside flush against his boxers and bare legs. Plush cheeks round and wide and firm, the heat and heaviness making his legs go numb. He opens his legs, shivering how easily she fit between them. Soft skin on his. The heat. The warmth. It makes him a little delirious. Knees bumping into knees. Her nakedness against his flesh. Something slithering into his black t-shirt, long and fluffy. Brushing up against his stomach and nipples. Eager and frantic.

It couldn't be an actual tail, could it?

"Breed the Cask we've prepared. Begin the oath."

"Wha-What?"

As the phantom breathes, Takafumi pants. His lungs creaking and overwhelmed. He blames it on the summer heat. Not the body between his thighs. He accuses the cheap fan in the room. Not the blood of pooling south, his cock rising and pressed against the curve of a impressive rump. She moves against him. A single slide back, twin thick cheeks enveloping the growing bulge.

His hips bucks, the controller falling from his hands and onto the floor.

And god, he didn't care.

Takafumi pushes the phantom up against the desk, marveling at the jiggle and thickness over her ass and hips. A white tail moving up to tickle his face. He bent her further, making her lower half rise up for him. Both of her holes gleaming under the computer lights, already wet and prepared for him. 

"Take her."

Takafumi pays them little mind. He'll get to it when he pleases. Takafumi took his boxers off and drags his cock over her pink quivering folds. Her sweet juices slick his cock, cheeks and more prepping him into compete hardness. The phantom spread her legs further apart, a silent enticement.

Always so eager for his cock. For his touch.

He chuckles at that. Deeper. Darker. A sound so unlike him and yet familiar.

As if he's done this before. Taking a virgin sacrifice in the same manner. Not here. No. But somewhere long, long ago. Memories come unbidden into his mind, hazy and out of order. They mean nothing to him so he forces them away.
