 Finally. Friday night.

I walked out of my office building in midtown Manhattan, and crossed the street. Two blocks down, I found the door to my favorite bar - a traditional Irish pub in the basement, underneath a popular new Asian/fusion place. I plopped onto my usual stool, and Pete gave me a pint of Anchor Steam. A first sip, a handful of pretzels. Life was looking better.

I looked around - the usual crowd was here. Sue and Mike were in the corner booth. Mike had his hand under her bra, trying to climb on top, while Sue feebly tried pushing him away, whispering "Not here! They're looking!" But Mike, who already had put a few away, wasn't paying attention.

Brad nodded at me, made a quick shrug towards the booth, and tilted his glass in a quasi-toast. I smiled. The beer was only $5, with as many pretzels as I wanted. For midtown, that was a good price. It made the subway ride to my flat bearable.

But at the other end of the bar, I spied a newcomer. Though the bar was dark, she was wearing shades. Her hair looked like it was tucked under her cap, and the loose clothes hid her figure. Her skin was an odd color. She was dark - but it was not the dark chocolate you expect to see. It almost looked like a dark green. Surely my eyes were playing tricks on me.

But she was slender, attractive, and alone. Worth a shot. I had no plans that night - if she was nice, perhaps we could grab dinner together. After that, who knows? I'd never fucked a green chick. I got up, strolled over, and put on what I hoped was a nice smile.

"Hi. I like this place on Friday nights - but I don't think I've seen you before. The name's Mike."

"Hello Mike." Her voice was deep, almost musky. Her voice didn't seem to come from her mouth - more like her throat. There was a strange scent about her. She sounded foreign, with an accent I'd never heard before. "You can call me Bianna".

"Pleased to meet you", I replied, as I slipped into the seat next to her. Do you live in New York?"

"Oh no - I can't say that. But I have visited many times. I like meeting new people - especially young people. How old are you, Mike?"

A rather odd question, particularly at first. But she doesn't live around here, so maybe she's not used to New York customs. "I'm 24. Finished up at NYU two years ago. Where did you go to school?"

"School?" A long pause. "A small college a long way from here. I am afraid you've never heard of it. Did you play any sports?"

I detect a small stutter, or a bit of a lisp in her deep, husky voice. "I played football in high school, and ran track in both high school and college."

"Ah. That is very good. Good muscles, top aerobic conditioning."

I pause. First she asks how old I am. Now she wants to figure out what kind of shape I am in. I start to feel like I am the one being checked out, not the other way around. Must be how girls must feel like on a first date, when the guy is trying to figure out if he wants to fuck them.

"Where did you say you were from?"

Now it is Bianna's turn to pause. "A long way from here - a small town, you've never heard of."

Another curious response. But she seems likeable enough. I bet she'd be pretty aggressive in bed. "Would you like to grab a bite to eat? There's a nice sushi place around the corner."

"Something to eat sounds good. But I doubt that they'd have much on the menu that I'd want. How about coming back to my place?" She licked her lips, revealing a long, snakelike blue tongue.

By now, warning bells were going off in my head. This chick had strange skin - it looked green, for goodness' sake. She spoke in a deep, husky voice, and hid behind large sunglasses. She had a blue tongue. I didn't think it came from gargling too long with the wrong mouthwash.

But she was slender, graceful, and beautiful in a foreign sort of way. And she was definitely female - no chance of finding a dick under those baggy clothes. I was horny - I hadn't been laid in a month, and I was tired of jacking off.

So I put my glass down, and followed her out the door. We walked down the street, and turned the corner into the first alley. There was a flash of light, and Manhattan disappeared. I found myself in a dimly lit room, the ceiling covered in millions of points of light. The room didn't really have any walls; it was more like a sort of dome, with a round bed in the middle of the room.

She pulled off the sunglasses, and leaned over to kiss me. Her eyes were huge; almond shaped, with no white at all - just an inky blackness. I found myself locked in her embrace, her long tongue flicking around my mouth, probing my throat, my teeth, my tongue. My cock quickly swelled to attention, achingly hard. Somehow, I realized, my clothes had vanished, as had hers. I reached to grab her breasts, and found a very nice handful, topped off by a firm, hard nipple. She withdrew her tongue and murmured in my ear. "I love to suck. Can I suck your cock?"

I pushed her face toward my dick. She took the whole thing, without pausing or playing or teasing me first. Out came her tongue, and she licked my balls. Somehow, she started sucking and milking my shaft, with tiny ripples in her throat massaging my dick. Waves of contractions started at the base and worked their way to the tip. I didn't last very long. My body spasmed, I groaned with pleasure, and my cock began squirting pulses of cum down her throat. Still she sucked, coaxing every drop from me. When I was finally spent, she came off of me, licking her lips and grinning a toothless smile.

"Delicious. Thank you very much. I was hungry."

"There is something I should tell you," she continued. "A confession, and a proposition, if you like."

"You see, I am not from your world. I look for suitable males from your planet, and offer them a different life on our world. You are a suitable male."

"I can send you to our world. We will make your cock and balls grow, and shorten your recovery time from a day to a few minutes. You will have an endless supply of females that will be eager to suck you off and drink all your cum. Of course, you will no longer see your friends, but will make new friends instead. The constant sex will get you into terrific physical shape, and provide all of the exercise you need."

"Would you like to go?"

Bianna had just given me the best blowjob of my life. My mind was foggy from the knee-buckling orgasm, and her pheromones made her seem infinitely sexier that the sexiest star in my favorite porno. "Are the others on your planet as sexy as you?"

"You will find them irresistible."

"Has anyone from Earth ever turned you down?"

"Not yet." She grinned an evil grin, and licked her lips once more.

"Don't your own males satisfy you? Why come looking for us?"

"When we reach puberty, we need alien semen to reach full development. During this time, female sex drive reaches its peak. Our males are insufficient. There are a few species that have proven suitable, but we have found humans to be the best."

"Can I come back to Earth if I wish?"

Bianna paused again. "It can be done, yes. But after our treatment, you will have a very large cock, and become used to having sex constantly. These changes are permanent, I am afraid. If you came back to Earth, you may be unable to find anyone that can meet your needs. You will also age more rapidly if you return."

Hmm... She was offering me a big cock, a long life, and endless sex. I could live with that. I'd miss my friends and family, of course. But I was a military brat, and we had moved every couple of years when I was a kid. I was an only child, and my parents were divorced.

"Sure, I'll come. As long as I can return to Earth when I want."

She smiled, but didn't say another word. One hand grabbed my arm, and with the other, she reached over and pushed a button. Another flash, and the room disappeared. This time, I found myself on a cold metal table, with an IV in my arm.

"Relax. We are preparing you for hibernation. You will be traveling beyond the speed of light, but even so, it will take almost two of your years to reach our planet." The room grew fuzzy, then vanished from view.

Gradually, the fog began to lift. I was cold, very cold. The room was gray, dimly lit. Slowly, I became aware of my surroundings. The tall, dark green creatures were standing over me, rubbing my skin with something odd. It was rough and slippery, soft and tough at the same time. No words were spoken - but I heard an odd combination of clicks, chirps, and clucks. Broken up with an occasional hum.

They noticed I had opened my eyes - and I was greeted with more chirps. Then one of them reached over and pushed a button on the wall. The noises were replaced with the same husky deep voice from the bar. Later, I would recognize it as the voice of the translator program.

"Good to see you are waking up from your slumber. Don't try to move - your muscles will be quite stiff. During the trip, we used an electro stimulator on your muscles to keep them from atrophying. Just relax, we need to get you cleaned up first."

I lay back, and let the fog clear from my head. They rubbed my skin, making it tingle. They massaged my muscles, loosening them up. Then they grabbed my cock. Somehow, it felt very different. As they rubbed my prick, I found I got hard almost immediately. I looked down at what they were doing, and got quite a shock.

My skin was darker - not as dark as theirs, but no longer the pasty pink I remembered. And it was green - like a forest green, if you will. But my eyes bugged out as I saw them playing with my cock. It was huge - almost as long as my forearm, and as big around as my wrist. My balls felt heavy and full. The helmet of my huge prick glistened with their saliva. The aliens looked hungry and eager.

The shortest one turned to her elders and asked, "Is it my turn?" The tallest one nodded. Then the shortest one turned her attention to my bulging organ, and slid her mouth over my helmet. A push from the tall one, and she went down on me all the way, pulling my obscene prick into her throat. Like my dim memory of Bianna, she began to lick my balls as the contracting muscles in her throat massaged my shaft.

My body was racked by a massive muscle contraction, and my dick spasmed as I pumped my cum down her throat. She began to squirm, but would not let go as jet after jet of my jism disappeared inside. Finally, she released her grip, and my prick started to relax.

The others picked her up and lay her on another table. The tallest one turned to another. "You did very well; thank you for bringing him. A good choice."

I stood up, and looked at myself in the mirror. My face had similar features, but the dark green complexion hid any similarities. My hair was all gone, but my muscles were extraordinarily developed. I guess that the electro stimulation during hibernation did more than prevent muscle atrophy - it gave me an athlete's body, and melted away all the fat. 

And my cock was huge. It hung down nearly to my knee; my balls were the size of oranges. They no longer felt so heavy or full. But there was a tingling sensation, and I knew that my body was starting to fill them up again. 

I turned back to them in a panic. "What have you done to me?"

Bianna replied. "As I mentioned before, you needed to hibernate for about two of your years for the trip here. During that time, we gave you treatments to make your cock grow and help you recover more quickly from sex. We took the liberty of treating your skin color to make you more attractive. The treatments made your hair fall out, while the muscle stimulation, hormones, and protein diet developed your body. Do you approve?"

The dark green skin would take some getting used to. But the big muscles and horse cock were more than I could have imagined.

"I'm not sure I like the green skin. But I will wait and see."

"I am glad you approve of your body. Believe me - your new skin color is very attractive among my people. You will get used to it. Now we shall let you rest."

Over the next week, they slowly let me move around more, and increased the frequency of my blowjobs. At first, they would suck me off a couple of times a day, and I'd be a bit sore afterwards. But toward the end of the week, I was performing about once an hour, and thinking about little more than sex the rest of the time.

When they first came to see me, the girls had small tits, but a deep, hungry need in their eyes as they came through the door. After a few sessions, I'd notice their boobs expanding and their technique improving. 

By the end of the first month, I was up to 3 females an hour. Then Bianna came to see me. 

She walked in the door, said hello, and gave me a kiss. But before asking how I was doing, she slipped her throat over my cock and milked me dry.

Licking her lips with her long tongue, she gave me her evil smile once more. "We are glad to see how well you are fitting in," she said. "They are proud of you, servicing three females an hour. But if you had more than one cock, you could handle more females. Would you like that?"

More than one cock? Yet the idea of being blown by two hungry teenagers at once was somehow compelling. 

"Sure - I'd be glad to help."

"How many cocks would you like?"

"I can have more than two?"

"Of course - the DNA treatment can give you up to 8 new ones. They sprout in pairs, side by side, along your abdomen. It takes about a year for them to fully develop."

Good grief. Nine cocks nearly a foot long. It blew my mind. But the hormone levels in my system were very high, and I could only think about sex anyway.

"Give me the full treatment".

"I was hoping you might say that. We will begin right away."

And so it started. After a few days, I noticed my nipples getting a bit larger and darker, and three more pairs of dark spots appeared in a line below them on my chest, equally spaced. A few weeks later, I saw that the dark spots had become small bumps. Week by week, the bumps would grow. Small bumps appeared next to the larger ones, and the skin on my chest became looser and more wrinkled. After a few months, it was unmistakable - I had two rows of 4 small cocks growing on my abdomen, and a large nut sack on each side holding 8 balls each.

When my new cocks were 5 inches long, they started massaging an oil into them each morning. I soon found I could control them no better than I could control my first cock. They would spasm and give me an orgasm, just like my first one. But they didn't produce any cum at first. 

They asked me get down on my hands and knees, and attached me to some sort of multiport suction machine. Each port was equipped with a liner that was soft, ribbed, and wet. They slipped each tube over a cock, and pushed a button to make it clamp on and form a seal.

When they turned it on, the machine pulled and sucked on one cock until I came. As soon as the first one was dry, it would loosen its grip a bit, and start working on the next one. Wave after wave of orgasms would wash over me, stretching and growing my cocks. After a few more weeks, they started to produce cum. 

At first, it was just a few drops of clear liquid. But they were very patient, and the drugs were very effective. By the time the new cocks were 9" long, the new balls were as big as my old ones, and each new cock could reliably shoot streams of jism as well as any other. 

Finally, after nearly a year, I reached the size they desired. They escorted me into a new room, and asked me to lie down on the bed. As I walked, my two rows of cocks flopped back and forth, the cool breeze caressing my nut sacks. The stimulation made my cocks start to stretch and stiffen.

I lay down on the table, and the females started to file in the room. Each went to one of my cocks, then began to swallow a prick and suck. I twitched and moaned as the first orgasms crested, my muscles clenched, and I began to pump cum down another hungry throat. As one female left, another quickly took her place.

In the short spans between orgasms, a dim realization washed over me. I was no longer a man.

I was a cow.