 I finished telling Boost about our predicament and the events that led us there. He listened intently the whole time, never interrupting once. When I finished, he nodded his head and told us to take a shower while he thought it over. He apologized for not having much of anything for Star to wear, but offered the entire contents of his bedroom to us. I thanked him profusely, then excused Star and myself to the shower. We were both still shaken up, so I tried to relax Starway as best I could by undressing her and trying to act calm. We stood together in the shower, holding each other and neither of us spoke for a long time. The water ran over us and finally Star began weeping into my chest.

"I was so scared, rich boy. I really thought she was going to kill us, or worse."

I put my head down on top of hers, "She wasn't going to kill us, but we may have wished she had. Its over baby, I swear I'm gonna make this right."

She looked up at me, hearing the determination in my voice, "We can run Trask, we don't need to stay here."

I sighed and looked at her seriously, "I refuse to live that kind of life. That's not what I want for you or for me. I want us to be able to live without the constant fear of someone trying to hunt us down. If something happened to you it would only be because of my inaction. I need to go back to High fare and confront my uncle. I need to find out how far this goes so I can put a stop to it. I don't know what Boost will be able to do for us in the confines of the law, and I won't wait for months or years for an investigation to take place that will ultimately prolong the inevitable battle between us."

She looked at me angrily, "I don't want you to go without me, please don't leave me, I... I'll fall apart without you," She said as tears began welling in her eyes once more.

I held her hands, "Please Starway, I don't want to do this, but I have to: for us... for me. If I don't face this then I will live my whole life in paranoia trying to protect you. You have to stay here, I won't be able to do it if I know you're not in a safe place. I don't think you're incapable, its me whose incapable if I know you're in danger. Please baby, be strong for both of us."

She pounded her fist lightly against me as she fought tears, "I understand... but you have to promise me that you'll come back."

I wrapped my pinky around hers and smiled, "I promise."

We finished our shower and found what clothes we could, then we found Boost in the kitchen making pancakes. He smiled at us and apologized for the poor selection of manly soaps, then poured us some coffee and directed us to his paper cluttered dining room table. He finished cooking and brought us some food, then sat down himself and ate with us.

After we finished, I looked up at him with a straight lip and asked, "So what do you think?"

Boost sipped at some orange juice and frowned, "To be honest, there's not a lot I can do as a lawyer in this case, as I'm sure you've already figured out. However, if we could actually get some hard evidence linking your uncle to some kind of syndicated criminal group, we could at least keep them at bay. Information is what we need, and while I'm not always a shoot first and ask questions later kind of guy, this is one situation where I'd make an exception. You mentioned that you had a hacker buddy, what's his name, Wolf?"

I chuckled, "His name's Wraith, and he's one of the best. If not for him, along with Star here, I'd be screwed."

Boost nodded, "If you can get him to work with us, we can leave to strike as soon as tomorrow."

I scratched my head, "What do you mean 'strike?'"

The tall lawyer slash jujitsu master laughed, "We get in there and bust some heads, let your uncle know that we aren't fucking around, and get as much info as we can. We can take a flash plane and be in High fare in less than two days."

My mind raced as I thought about what he said. No matter how my logic cut it up, he was right. No one would be expecting an attack. I knew the layout perfectly; I had lived there my whole life. I knew how many guys my uncle kept on the lot at all times, though I would be planning on him having a few more around due to recent events. I thought silently as I sipped my coffee then registered what he'd said, "Wait, did you say we?"

"Hell's to the yeah I said we! You think I'm gonna let you go alone? I can get Trick to come along too, and maybe even that little snob Trite. Trick would never turn down an opportunity to kick a bunch of white guy mafia ass. Actually, he used to be involved in some shit like that a few years ago. Plus, he owes me way too much poker money, so I'll use that against him. So... we jet out there, kick some ass, get the computer info then jet back. I can make a case for you and get you guys some serious protection. If it goes as high up as you say it might, it will get the attention of some interplanetary officials, and those bastards will be so busy covering their tracks they won't have time to hunt you down."

I nodded, not being able to find any problems with his simple logic, "That's what we're going to do then."

Boost pounded his orange juice then got up quickly. The sun was starting to come up and he went over to the window and opened it a bit, "I have a lot of work to do then. You guys are probably exhausted. Take my bed, I'll crash on the couch."

Star put up her hands, "You don't have to do that Booster, (her nickname for him) we can sleep anywhere."

Boost frowned at her, then smiled, "Please Starry night (his nickname for her), its the only surface in this whole damn house that doesn't have papers on it."

She nodded after a bit of coaxing and I got up with her to try and get some sleep. She jumped on the bed and rolled under the covers in her definitively Star way, and I joined her. 

She rolled over to me and put her arms around me, "You're not going to kill anyone, are you rich boy?"

I thought about my answer for a moment. Honestly, I had thought about killing my uncle, but then, who was to say that would solve the problem? I wasn't going to let him kill me first if it came down to it, but I was no murderer. I shifted over to her and answered quietly, "I'm not going to kill anyone, I swear."

But Star didn't hear me, because she was already snoring in her soft, feminine way.

I kissed her on the forehead and made sure she had enough of the blanket, then I closed my eyes. I thought it would be hard for me to settle in because of all that had happened, but as soon as my lids closed, I felt myself being pulled into a deep, dreamless sleep.

A day passed with no further incidents. I had actually gotten an entire month's rent compensated back to me, including my deposit, for the incident I described as a 'break in'. The landlord was so worried that I was going to press charges that she didn't hassle me at all, I even felt kind of bad, but I had to go back for our things. Thankfully, I found my PDI between the night stand and the wall, I figured it must have gotten knocked off during the scuffle. 

Boost was nice enough to let us stay with him while we planned, and Starway tried not to show how worried she was about me going back to High Fare. She was quiet, and wasn't really all that interested in sex, which surprised me. I think she was just so concerned about me and the others that she couldn't focus on anything. She was a little cranky too, and I know she was trying not to take it out on me. 

They day before we were planning to leave, I made two very important phone calls. The first was to Wraith. He knew more or less what our plan was and I had made a deal with him. Apparently, the sadistic crazy lady that had captured us was none other than Nala Forze, the leader, now ex leader, of the White blur syndicate. They specialized in human trafficking and were known for being pretty brutal. Wraith told me that he would help in exchange for Nala's mini PDI; told me he could make his entire career as a hacker with it. I agreed, and we set up a date to meet upon our arrival in High Fare.

The second phone call I made was to Kya. I wanted Starway to stay with her for as long as I was gone, but I wasn't looking forward to the awkward conversation. I knew Kya wouldn't say no, but I had to warn her about Star's condition.

I dialed the number and waited a few seconds before Kya answered.

I cleared my throat, 'Hi Kya, its Trask."

She giggled, "Hi, Trask? Don't worry, Star already told me all about your little mishap and a lot of what happened before."

I blinked, "Oh yeah? Wow, she doesn't waste any time spilling our dirty laundry to everyone."

"Well, she told me that I'm the only person she's told. I can keep a secret, I swear."

"Uh... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sound that way, its just that I'm a little paranoid. You probably already know what I'm going to ask you if you know what's happened so far."

"Yes, I think I do, and the answer is yes, of course. Starway is the best friend I've ever had, and even though we haven't known each other long, I consider her one of the most precious people in my life. She can stay with me for as long as she needs to, you as well."

I was quiet for a moment, "Thank you Kya... I really appreciate it. I have to tell you something about Star though. She's... well she has a condition. Um... oh god... how do I say this without coming off as totally weird."

Kya laughed, "Trask, relax. Star told me about her condition, and I understand. Before you talk yourself into a hole filled with embarrassment and awkwardness, I want you to know that I'm prepared for it. I'm not a doctor or a physiologist, but I'll keep her safe and make her feel welcome."

I sighed, "Thank you Kya, for helping me out on this. It's just that... well, if she's over there without me, she might get a little..." my mind blanked.

"Horny?"

I chuckled in relief when she finished my sentence for me, "Yes. She might try to seduce you, I just want you to know that... well, if she... oh god. Let me start over. This is probably the most awkward thing I've ever told anyone in my life, but, here goes. If she makes advances to you, you can do what you feel is best. If you choose to... accept her advances, or not to; its your decision. I guess I'm giving you a disclaimer, I don't know what she might try, but I love her to death and I just don't want her to be alone. I trust you, and I know you love her too and that she's a very dear friend to you. My feelings will not be hurt either way, I mean that."

I pictured Kya blushing over the phone, "Is her condition really that bad?"

"Yes, though sometimes its worse than other times. Sometimes she's fine for days, then she'll have an episode and wake up in a cold sweat with a fever and I'll have to satisfy her multiple times to calm her down. I think she's getting better control over herself now that she's stopped relying on the drugs and has me to help her, but she's also been really tense. She's upset about me going without her, and you're the only person I can trust to make sure she doesn't do anything stupid or reckless. If she comes to you in the middle of the night, maybe burning with a fever, all I ask is that you... help her. Now that I've basically embarrassed myself beyond the point of no return, I want you to know that I plan on paying you back for all her expenses."

"Now you've offended me," Kya said flatly.

I furrowed my brow, "Um, what?"

Kya replied coldly, "Trask, I know you mean well for Starway, but you're not the only one who cares about her. How dare you suggest that I would accept any money for taking her in. You might be genetically perfect, but you're not the only one around here who can handle themselves. I moved to Vale with my grandparents when I was fourteen, started working immediately and got kicked around plenty. Not only am I not dead, but I'm financially stable and doing work that I really love. I have a triple black belt in karate and have won three national fencing tournaments. I'm a big girl Trask, and I want to help both of you, but you've got to get off your high horse and stop assuming that you're the only one around here who can get things done." Her voice softened, "Go to High fare, do what you've got to do and come back in one piece. Let me worry about taking care of Star, I promise I'll give her what she needs."

I hung my head in guilt. She was right. For the last few days, all of my planning involved me: what I was gonna do and where I was gonna go. I needed to stop seeing everyone as a liability and start to rely on them for support. My new friends were amazing people, with their own talents and ambitions. It was wrong for me to belittle them by assuming that our strike would fall through if I didn't carry the full weight of it.

I sighed once more, "You're right Kya, thank you. I'm really sorry for assuming what I did, I guess I'm still really socially underdeveloped. I know you'll take good care of Star, and I won't second guess you ever again."

Kya laughed lightly, "Good. Don't misunderstand me though, I'm terrified. I'm not sure how I'm gonna handle your little bundle of dynamite, but I'll wing it. It's important for you not to underestimate her either, She's a lot stronger than you think she is."

"Yeah, I'm learning that."

"Good. I'll pick her up at eight tonight. I know you guys are leaving early, so there won't be much time for her to pine after you, Initially."

"Okay, that sounds good... thank you Kya."

"You're welcome. Give em' hell."

Leaving Star with Kya was one of the most difficult things I've ever done. My stomach dropped when I saw her smile weakly and wave to me as they drove away. She did her best not to cry, so it would have been pretty pathetic if I had, although I wanted to. I slept fitfully for several hours until it was time to go. Boost woke me up and we ate a small breakfast, then piled into his hover sedan and took off. We picked up Trick and Trite on the way to the spaceport, then we drove quietly on to our destination. 

No one talked much on the drive to the spaceport, mostly because it was so early, but by the time we boarded our plane everyone was talking up a storm. I tried to be lighthearted during the flight, but everyone knew I was scared. They encouraged me and talked with me to get my mind off of it for awhile, all three of them letting me know that they were there to help. 

Boost told me something that disturbed me a little but also gave me some answers I'd been wondering about. He told me that one of the kendo fighters; Fen Woritz, had suddenly gone missing. Apparently, Fen was the second fighter I'd faced off against in the tournament. The one who never said a word to me. No one could find him and his apartment was empty. Boost figured that he was somehow linked to the White blur syndicate, if not working directly for them, and that was who tipped them off about my location. I tried not to think about it too much, but thanked Boost anyway for letting me know. I wasn't sure I could handle more than one angle at a time given the situation, so I tucked it away in my memory to think about later. 

Immediately afterward however, I remembered what Nala had said; she kept addressing Star as my ex wife. I told myself I would check it out later, but I couldn't help but go to my PDI to check. After connecting to a network, I found my name in High Fare's registry. My stomach churned queasily and I knew what I would find, but I refused to believe it until I saw it. My name was on the registry alright, but Star's wasn't. I shot a text message to Wraith asking him if he could check my marital status in the city's system. I got a text back from him about ten minutes later that simply said, "...Divorced... sorry buddy, I'll do what I can to fix it."

I read the text several times and felt anger beginning to buzz in the back of my head. I wasn't so concerned with us being legally married, but just the fact that my uncle thought he could control my life, even while I was on another planet, enraged me. I stared at the screen and felt my face become hot. I started to shake and clutched the PDI as my face started to twist in rage; it was the first time in my life where I was so angry that I literally could not see straight. How dare he try to tell me who I could love and who I'm supposed to marry.

My friends noticed and Trite, who was sitting closest to me, put his hand on my shoulder, "Trask, what's wrong?"

I tried to control my breathing and keep myself from breaking the PDI in half, "He can't control my life, I won't let this happen again, never again."

I realized I was babbling to myself, so I looked up at everyone and tried to soften my features, "I'm sorry you guys. I just found out that my uncle forced my marital status to divorced. I don't know why its so important to his agenda for me to be single or married to the the 'right' woman, but I can't handle this on top of everything else. He has no right to control my life, even if he did create me and raise me."

Trick looked angrier than I was, "What?! Who the hell does he think he is? If someone did that to me, they'd be looking down the barrel of a proton slug gun. We aim to help you fix this, kid."

I looked up at Trick and was surprised to see how upset he was, "Thank you."

Trick nodded, "I've been there, kid. It took me almost three years to get out of a syndicate, and all the while they carried themselves like gods, thinking they could intimidate me and force me to give in. They learned the hard way. You've got to let your old man know what's what, then he'll think twice before pulling a stunt like that."

I nodded and started to harness my anger, "Yes, that's exactly what I plan to do."

Boost laughed, "Listen to you Trick, sounding all sentimental and shit. We both know the real reason you're here is because its been years since you've kicked around some white guys."

Trick laughed, "That's just a fringe benefit."

It was hard for me to stay angry with the three of them there to support me, and I remembered what Kya had told me. I told myself inwardly that I would let them help me instead of trying to do it on my own.

The rest of the flight went better than I expected. We played poker, slept a bit, and talked even more before we arrived at our destination. All in all, in only took us twenty seven hours to arrive at the spaceport near High fare, and we exited the small private flash plane without incident. It was near dusk when we got there, and the sun was setting over the mountains. I looked at its pinkish hues and noticed how small it looked compared to Vale's sun, which was much larger, but also much further away. I tried not to think of Star as I zoned out while gazing and hoped she wasn't missing me too bad. I also hoped that she wasn't giving Kya too hard of a time. I'm not gonna lie, I was beginning to imagine Star running her slender hands over Kya's body, kissing her and straddling her. I got a little distracted, but thankfully Boost tapped me on the shoulder lightly, "C'mon bud, lets go meet your friend."

I snapped out of it and nodded, then we went off to our designated meeting place.

It was the weekend, so the sight of four strange friends varying in age walking down the main street wasn't really all that uncommon. We were in downtown Preston, a bustling city in the heart of central California. It was a spot that Wraith had picked for our meeting, tons of people, tons of noise, and right in the middle of everything. It would have been nearly impossible to follow us here or use any kind of listening device. Preston was only forty miles or so from High fare, so it was extremely unlikely that I would bump into anyone I knew. 

We walked into the classic cafe' complete with brick walls and flat pastel paintings. The place was pretty packed, and the smell of coffee and steamed milk filled the air. We found Wraith sitting in the back, tapping away at a PDI. He saw us and nodded, but didn't stop what he was doing. We approached him and he put up his hand, then looked up at us a few seconds later.
