 1

It was near past midnight. The sky was adorned with a million twinkling stars, and a full, summer moon lit up the muggy, southern night. The sound of crickets chirping, and bullfrogs croaking, was almost deafening. And, it was in a welcoming meadow, not far from the trailer park, where Earl-Ray waited, patiently for his cousin, Emmy-Sue.

He was pushing forty, and she was many years his junior -being the younger of his Aunt Edna's two daughters. But, she was just so sweet, and fine, that he could no resist fucking her, after the first time she came on to him.

"I'm goin' fer a walk," she had drawled, at him, "but I don't wanna go out inta' the dark all-by-my -lonesome!" the young girl finished off, with a coquettish pout. It was all the hint he needed, and from then on, they would have their midnight rendezvous, behind Earl-Ray's wife's back.

Linda, his wife, had become a sow of a woman over the years. After twenty years of marriage, and five kids, her figure was more like a potato than an hourglass. She smelled like road-kill, most of the time, and had a mustache that would make an Italian butcher envious. All-in-all, to say she was an ugly woman, would be an insult to ugly women -everywhere. In fact, for the past five years, Earl-Ray was forced to take matters his won hands (or hand, rather), and was seriously considering making a trip to Jeb Gastoneau's farm, and humping whatever livestock that would hold still long enough for him to finish.

But Emmy-Sue, by God, Emmy-Sue, made his cock harder than Chinese arithmetic -as was happening, in that moment, as he watched his nubile, young cousin approach.

She was wearing -pretty much- what she did, all the time, during the summer months. Emmy-Sue was taller than most girls, and had long, slender legs. Her straight, copper-red hair was tied, neatly, into a ponytail, directly on the back of her head. An elastic tube-top gripped her firm, globe-like tits, and she wore her usual cut-off, faded blue-jeans, in the "Daisy Duke" manner. This was what Earl-Ray found irresistible about her summer garb: those cut-offs exposed the very bottom of her round, small ass, and accentuated the curves of her hips, as well as her flat, taut tummy. Of course, she dressed more conservatively for school, but having just graduated, he wondered if she would ever wear anything else.

But that did not matter, right now... it was time to get him some good lovin', from his sexy, little slut of a cousin!

"Mmm, daddy," Emmy-Sue purred, as she sauntered up to him, "you gonna give yer baby-girl what she wants, so bad?" She liked calling him "daddy", and honestly, it made his prick throb, and twitch, under his tight jeans -every time she did so. Knowing this, she continued to tease him, "Yer little girl's tight, little pussy needs that big, ol' thing of yers." she cooed, as she dropped to her knees in front of him, and began to undo his his pants.

It took no time, at all, for his large, rigid prick to pop out from his undone fly. And, it was large, very large. 

Earl-Ray's natural endowment was talked about, all over the county, from the time he started high school. There was many times, in his youth, that the girls- in his school- would approach him, and ask just to see it -maybe even touch it, a little. They'd ask him to make it hard, and then caress the thick, and nearly, twelve-inch shaft. The first time it happened, it was embarrassing for poor Earl-Ray. Because as soon as his pretty classmate's fingertips touched it, he shot a thick load of his sticky cum all up her arm.

He chuckled at the memory, as Emmy-Sue took hold of his pulsating member, and began to stroke. Earl's head tilted back, and he let out a sigh of prurient relief, as he felt little Emmy's tongue begin to flick at the crown of his burgeoning pole.

Dear Lord, he thought, reveling in his cousin's expertise, this girl sucks cock better than a five-hundred-dollar whore! He then began to wonder where she had developed such skills: in the boy's locker-room, in the preacher's church office, or in her daddy's bed? None of these would have surprised him. All he knew was that she was no virgin the night they went on that walk. She not only had no problem taking, almost, all of his enormous cock! But when he was behind her, and had her up against a tree, she fucked him back! Emmy-Sue was insatiable! The more he pounded at her sopping pussy, the more she wanted. Fucking his young cousin was, he reckoned, much like breaking a horse -as in, strap yourself on, and try to hold on for the ride. 

She started to, really, work his prick -sucking greedily at the head, while using her spit to lubricate the shaft, as she slid her hand along its considerable length. In fact, the two were so lost in their lusty workings that they did not notice the low, baritone hum that filled the meadow. And it was not until a blinding light rained down upon them that they stopped their actions.

This was the last thing that they remembered before they awoke.

2

Earl-Ray wondered where the hell he was?

When his eyes had cleared, he looked around, and saw it was some kind of doctor's office from hell! Tubes, pipes, and lights, of all shapes, and sizes, were going all over the walls, and ceiling, in the room. And on the examination table next to him, was Emmy-Sue. There was a couple of... of... these things hovering over her. Her ass was up in the air, with her elbows tucked, neatly, to her knees. She moaned, loudly, as of these things crammed some sort of metal rod right into her corn-hole! Her back arched, and flexed, as she did her best to fuck the steel phallus -much in the way she would when he was ramming his huge cock into her snug, little twat.

"Oh, God, yeah!" she cried. "More, don't stop, you little, Martian fucks! I'm gonna... I gonna..." her statement was interrupted by her loud yelp, as she came -hard! 

Earl was upset by what he saw. Not that he was jealous, so much as feeling left out. This was his night to get him some, and not these funny-looking Martian invaders!

"Hey!" he protested. "What, on God's, green Earth, are y'all doin'?"

The two aliens turned, and stared at him, in something that seemed like curiosity.

They were -relatively- short, and skinny. After all, who ever heard of a fat alien, in these abduction cases? They had large, bulbous heads, and no ears -and from what Earl-Ray could tell- just holes in the sides of their heads. Their limbs were long, sinewy, and trim; their eyes were huge ovals, and black as night; and their skin had a grayish-blue pallor to it, as if they were fresh cadavers on a slab. They looked, just like, how he had expected Martians to look. With the exception that these guys weren't nude, they wore long, white coats, like a some sort of mad-scientist. 

And as they approached him, they began to speak, but not with their tiny slits that must have been their mouths. Earl-Ray could hear them in his head!

Fascinating, one of them said, but which, he could not tell, the male seems to be experiencing some sort of primitive feelings of envy -perhaps, over mating rights?

Possibly, the other, telepathically, stated, but, most likely, not for procreation, as these two are too similar in genetic relation. Perhaps they were performing their sexual act for pleasure?

I see, the first alien realized, reproduction was not the goal, but more the corporeal stimulation from the reproductive act! Fascinating...

Even Martians knew bigger words than him.

We are not from the planet you call Mars, human.

Damned Martians, in his head! They're probably communists, to boot! 

Earl-Ray was a bit out of touch on the current enemies of the state.

These coital acts, for the purpose of sensual-stimulation, are something lost to our kind. They are primitive, base, in their nature, and pose contentious consequences. And since we have evolved past the desire for such procreative endeavors, perhaps, we should research this matter, further -as to gain a better understanding, of our own, primitive-selves.

Earl-Ray, and Emmy-Sue, were ushered out of the laboratory, and brought to a common-room, on the spaceship. They both knew it was some kind of general living-area, because there were about three other aliens in there, and it seemed like the room was built for comfort. Or, at least, more so than that lab they were just in.

It was then that Earl realized that two of the aliens was girls!

It appears the human male is being brought into a state of sexual-arousal by our female colleagues. Perhaps, we should explain the purposes for our experiment to them. he could tell which one was speaking, now, because the one on the left turned to face the other.

In deed, came the answer, in his head, this should prove interesting. We can see if our females are capable of that sexually-climactic response, that the human female exhibited, from the sensual stimulation of the genitals.

It only took a few moments before the girl-aliens were removing their lab-coats, and the one-piece jump-suits they wore beneath, as the three other boy-aliens did the same.

This was all the encouragement that Earl-Ray needed. He, too, started taking off his clothes, but Emmy-Sue was already butt-naked. All he knew was he was gonna get him some alien poon-tang!

The female aliens looked much like the males: short, and skinny, with the same long, thin limbs, but they -much like human women -had tits -although much smaller, when compared to the more-than-feminine shape, than that of his cousin. But, suddenly, he had the feeling he was being watched, as he pulled his pants completely off. And when he looked up, he saw that the three aliens, that he had just met, staring at him.

No.

Not at him -exactly.

They were staring at his cock!

When Earl-Ray looked around the room, he saw that the other males were not as well endowed as he was.

"Ah, hell," he blurted out, "don't feel bad, y'all. I'm bigger than most fellers on my planet, too!" he finished, with a prideful grin. 

This was no surprise to the pair of aliens that were "examining" Emmy-Sue, as they had seen her attempting engulf the human's huge organ, with her oral cavity. This was a most curious act, to these extraterrestrials, and they wanted to know more about it.

3

Earl-Ray and Emmy-Sue, suddenly, heard the voices of their alien captors say in unison, Please, Earthlings, show us your mating practices -the acts you perform for pleasure, not reproduction.

The horny pair of hillbillies were more than happy to oblige!

The two female extraterrestrials made their way over to Earl, while the three males went to Emmy. They made their way in a stiff, clinical manner that seemed completely devoid of passion. This was a bit disconcerting for the two humans, but they figured they would get them into it, soon enough.

Earl-Ray noticed that the females had all the right parts, but their mouth were really small -not much more than a lipless slit of an inch, or so. There was no way, he reckoned, he was gonna get his colossal rod in those tiny mouths. But that was okay, he could see they had pussies, and that would do just fine for him!

He ran his hands over their smooth, gray-blue skin, as me made his way down to their bald slits, between their legs. They both jumped, as he parted the lips of their virgin cunts, with his thick fingers. The pair began to made sounds similar to the trilling-coo of a dove, as she slowly, and gently, worked their alien gashes. One of them got brave, and reached down, and wrapped her long fingers (of which they only had four -including the thumb) around his long, rigid cock. It seemed to come natural to her, as she started stroking it.

Yes, her voice popped into his head, I am beginning to understand! I am feeling passion, and lust! And, oh my, what a gigantic reproductive organ this one possesses! I am feeling an irrational need to play with it, and have this beastly creature put it into my vaginal passage!

I am beginning to feel this way, as well! the other female alien agreed. It must be sexually-associated glands releasing hormones into my body. It is a most curious, and exhilarating, sensation!

Let us try that act that our colleagues said they saw the female doing to him! the first one suggested.

Yes, let us try!

The two dropped to their knees in front of Earl, and he saw their tongues snake out of their tiny mouths.

Their tongues were long (really long, like more than eight-inches!), thin, and were forked -like that of a reptile. And like the tail of a possum, they were prehensile, and seemed to slither though they air as they made their way to his awaiting member.

"C'mere boys," Emmy-Sue purred, as the three aliens were heading for her, "this lil', ol' country-girl has sumpin' to show y'all!" 

She was enthusiastic, and could not wait to get fucked by these extraterrestrials! She had been with two guys, before, but not three!

The young, human girl stared, eagerly, at their odd-looking cocks. They were, essentially the same color as the rest of their skin (maybe, a little darker), and had a series of vein-like ridges, like ribs off a backbone, down their length, that were a deep-purple in color. The crown of their pricks, much like their heads, was bulbous, and reminded her of a plum -as they were of the same black-purple shade. They weren't that big, but they made up for it in quantity. Besides, she did not how big they were gonna get, but she was determined to find out!

The trio were making slow, unsure steps toward her, and little Emmy was getting impatient.

"C'mon now, boys," she coaxed them, "now, don't be shy."

By the time the uncertain trio made it to her, she could have sworn they were wide-eyed with fear, but their damned eyes were so big, she couldn't tell. And although her libido was ready to burst with rabid anticipation, she figured she better take it easy on them, and not make any sudden moves. She didn't wanna spook 'em.

"Mmm... now, looky what we got here." she cooed, as she slowly went down to her knees, in front of the three extraterrestrials.

Still moving with much care, Emmy-Sue leaned forward, and suckled the center alien's flaccid member into her mouth, while either hand took hold of the other two to her sides. She heard them all take a sharp breath, at the abrupt sensation, as she felt them start to swell in her mouth, and hands.

They were getting larger, as she continued to work them.

Emmy bobbed her head, back and forth, on the burgeoning, alien rod in her mouth, as she gingerly stroked the other two. She heard the soft, lilting calls escape them, as they reveled in the carnal sensation of her pleasures.

The young girl then guided the three to move closer together, as she began to switch her oral explorations from one swollen shaft, to the next -taking each one into her mouth, and suckling at it, as she worked its tumescent length with her hand.

The elongated, narrow tongues of the alien females wrapped around Earl-Ray's enormous, throbbing tool, like a pair of pythons on its prey. They slithered up, and down, the shaft stimulating him like nothing he had never felt. One of them tried to stretch her tiny lips wide enough to take it into her mouth, and manage to get most of the purple crown inside. She sucked at the tip, as best she could, but soon gave up her oral pursuit.

The other was undaunted by her colleague's failed attempt, tried to do the same. She relaxed her lips, and moved them, slowly, over the rock-hard head of his cock. He moaned, in response, as he felt her mouth engulf his engorged fuck-knob, and her lips move down his shaft of his rigid prick.

You did it! the one that had failed to perform the act, exclaimed. How does it feel? What are you experiencing?

The feeling is odd, yet pleasurable, to me. the other returned. The various responses, both emotional and physical, are encouraging me to take as much as I can -to apply even greater suction, and take more of this large penis than possible. 

It is curious, came her reply, watching this act is very sexually exciting! I find I am inspired to stimulate myself!

With this, the voyeuristic extraterrestrial started to rub at her dripping snatch, as those dove-like coos began to escape her mouth.

Hearing this discourse, in his mind, Earl said, "I got sumpin' to show y'all!"

He pulled his huge member from the alien woman's suckling mouth, and laid down on a nearby couch.

"Now, y'all come over here." he commanded, in a seductive tone.

The two did as he said.

He guided the one that couldn't take him in her mouth, as to straddle his face, while the other went back to work on his immense, turgid pole. 

Earl-Ray dragged his tongue over the alien slit that hovered over his face, and felt the extraterrestrial woman jump, and heard her yelp, at the abrupt assault on her loins. But after the initial shock was over, she settled down over the Earthling's mouth, and found that she was really enjoying his salacious lapping.

But then, suddenly, something happened that the alien woman did not expect. A fiery sensation consumed her entire body, fogged her mind, and caused her legs to twitch and spasm. The dove-like coos of her pleasure rapidly grew into the screech of an eagle at her ecstatic release. Her hips bucked, and she quaked all over, as wave-after-wave passed over her -mercilessly. She thought it would last forever, but it did -eventually- subside.

She collapsed, forward, onto Earl's chest, and was panting for breath.

What was that? the other alien female, excitedly, asked.

I do not know, she replied, but whatever it was, was both torturous, and sublime!

Can you do that to me, as well? she telepathically communicated to the human, as she sucked on his cock.

"Oh, you betcha, little darlin'!" he answered. "But, there's more'n one way to skin a cat!"

4

Emmy-Sue had as much Martian-cock as she could handle! And, although, they did not get as big as Early's, they were doing just fine, by her.

We are not from Mars... an annoyed voice, suddenly, stated in her mind.

She got down on all-fours, and told one of the extraterrestrials, "Now, put that thingy of yours right in here." she commanded, as she demonstratively reached over her back, and shoved two fingers in her sodden snatch.

He did as he was told, but seemed awkward moving in behind her.

"That's it, baby," she coaxed him, "just get down on yer knees, and put that dinger, of yours, right in my lil' ol' hole." 

She felt the alien fuck-knob press against her wet pussy-lips She then gasped, as the bulbous tip, and ridged shaft slid deep inside her. The extraterrestrial rod felt weird thrusting into her snug fuck-tunnel, like some exotic dildo from one of those sites on the internets that sold sex-toys. 

She savored the bizarre sensation, as she pushed back against her abductor's tool, and the other two hovered their odd-looking cocks in front of her face.

Emmy went from one prick, to the other, sucking at them, as the alien behind her picked up his pace, and pummeling her sopping cunt.

Muffled whimpers escaped her throat, and she reveled in the lewd act, as she felt an orgasm begin to build.

The misshapen pole pounded her tender, wet pussy, while another rigid member stuffed her mouth, and stifled her her ecstatic cries. She bucked back, fervently, against the horny alien's thrusts, as she switched her oral attentions from one throbbing shaft, to the other. But, she soon had to stop sucking them off, as she began to cum, and had to pull her head away from them.

The orgasm crashed into her, like a hurricane pummeling a gulf-coast beach. Emmy could feel her pussy contract, and release, the extraterrestrial's hammering cock, as he began to screech his climactic release.

Oh, dear lord, she thought, this Martian fella's gonna cum in me! Probably won't git' pregnant, though. -Ol' Blue didn't knock me up.
