 Journal entry: Trask Allhew March 13 2216 10:02 AM

I carried her to the bathroom and undressed her fully. We were both naked and it felt like the most natural thing in the world to me. From the waist up, she was covered in my cum, but she seemed to be enjoying it.

I lifted her onto the bench in the middle of the huge shower room and shook my head, "You really are a freak Starway; we need to clean you up."

She blushed, "it's good for my skin, rich boy. You didn't seem to mind at the time."

I laughed, "You're blushing after all that? Computer, heat water to 103 degrees Fahrenheit and turn the shower on.

Yes Mr. Alhhew

I waited for a few seconds before the water kicked on then got some soap from the center console. Starway cringed when the water hit her and I just laughed. I instructed her to lie down on the bench and began soaping her down.

"You really are a beautiful woman Star, inside and out."

She smiled as she enjoyed the feeling of my hands over her body, "You're so sweet to me. I know I'm pretty but I don't feel beautiful. You're the first person in my life that's under the age of 50 that's even made an effort to get to know me. It was always wham, bam, thank you ma'm with all the others guys your age. Not that I blame them, I am just a hooker after all, who would want to be in a real relationship with me?"

I kissed her face and continued to soap her down, "Me. You said it yourself, what you had to do to survive shouldn't define you. It's over now and I'm here; we'll find a way together."

She snorted, "Doesn't my past bother you at all? How can you be so nonchalant about it? A high class genetically perfect aristocrat that has a life of comfort in front of him wants to be with a no class prostitute? Where's the punch line?"

I stopped and looked at her seriously, "Whatever I have to do to prove to you that I want you, that I'm serious, I'll do it. A life of pure comfort is a life of boring anti-productivity. If all of High Fare burns, I won't have any regrets. I want to build things, write music... you've woken me up from a long, dark sleep, Starway. I want you in my future, in fact, I can't imagine my future without you."

I saw a few tears come to her eyes and she sighed, "Fine, I believe you."

I nodded and finished soaping her, then laid down next to her. I held her for a long time as the water fell on us in a torrent, and it didn't take long before we were kissing again. I felt so safe with her, and I completely forgot about where we were or where we were going. 

She climbed on top of me and kissed me all over my chest, "I want to feel you inside of me, rich boy. I'm starting to burn again. I... I love you. I feel safe with you, I feel like you can keep me from losing control of myself."

I pulled her down to me and kissed her fiercely, "And I love you. There is no question in my mind. I feel safe with you too, but don't forget, that I can make you lose control just as easily as I can make you regain it," I said as I ran my nails down her back.

She shuddered, "Oh..."

I grabbed her hair and pressed her lips down harder into mine. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and moved my hips against her. I let her go finally, and she sat up on top of me and rocked her hips over me.

"Star, I want you," I mouthed to her over the sound of the falling water. She nodded, and positioned herself over me.

She took hold of my hard cock and lowered herself down onto me. I gasped as I felt how tight she was, then looked up at her in concern as I saw her face twist in pain and pleasure. She went slowly, until I was completely inside of her, then she began rocking her hips gently. I groaned and put my hands around her waist. I felt like I was melting inside of her, it was the most ultimate pleasure I had ever experienced. I couldn't hold in my groaning as she began to move her hips up and down in a swaying motion. I lost myself in her as she lowered her body back onto me and kissed me over and over again. She sped up her thrusting and I languished in her soft whimpering moans. It didn't take long for her to bring me back to my breaking point again (It was my first time, give me a break) and I tried to hold it back as much as I could.

She noticed my impending orgasm and sped up her hips even more, "Is that good, baby? You like my tight pussy don't you? God, you're stretching me out, your cock is so big. Its okay to cum inside of me, fill me up."

I shook my head and grunted, "No, not yet. I have to make you cum again!"

I sat up forcefully and grabbed her hips to make her stop, then pushed her onto her back with my cock still inside of her.

She looked a little scared but was obviously excited to see how much control I had over myself, "What's wrong? Is it..."

I raised her legs into the air till they were straight and held them together by her ankles, then started to pound in to her.

I knew I had taken her completely by surprise and she shouted in protest, "What the hell! How can you... Fuck!"

She couldn't finish her sentence because I shoved myself deeper into her, as far as I could go. 

She screamed as I continued to ram into her tight pussy and I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold on anymore, "I'm gonna fill you up Star, just like you want, but you're coming with me!"

I rammed into her as fast as I could and hugged her legs tightly against my body.

She thrashed and screamed, "Shit, yes! Oh my... I'm cumming again, I'm... Fuuuuuck!"

I felt her pussy squeeze hard around me as she came and I lost it. I screamed too while I grasped her legs tightly and delivered on my promise to fill her up. I shot into her several times before it finally subsided. I pulled out of her gently, and she trembled with aftershocks.

I lowered myself down next to her while trying to catch my breath, exhausted but satisfied.

When she recovered she turned to me and glared, "You are some kind of monster, Mr. Allhew. Are you trying to kill me?"

I smiled, trying not to be smug, "It seemed like you needed to be put in your place. The universe is a big, big place, you're not the only sex freak out there."

She looked at me again incredulously, "You have beginner's luck, that's all. Beginner's stamina I should say."

I brought my face close to hers and narrowed my eyes, "You know what I think? I think you're a little scared of me, and you should be. I'm totally hard again and I'm going to fuck you till you pass out."

She drew back a little with a nervous giggle and looked down at my crotch, "Holy crap! I thought you were kidding. I don't think I can do it again just yet."

I sat up and hopped off the table, then turned to her, "I will take you by force if I have to."

I walked around to the other side of the table and tried to pick her up. She laughed and threw her arms in my face. I laughed too and tried to grab her. We fought for a few minutes before she finally let me pick her up. I carried her over to one of the low benches and set her on down on it. 

She looked up at me expectantly, "What do you want me to do?"

I pulled her up to me and hugged her tightly, "I want you to let me do the work and stop trying to take control. I've already assessed that you can't, no matter how hard you try."

She frowned, "How the hell would you know that? I didn't peg you as the dominatrix type."

I span her around so she faced away from me and wrapped my arms around her, "No, that's not it. Its just that you've always been in control of all your sex partners, you called the shots. It was the only thing you could really control. I want you to trust me Star, I know it will take time, but I need you to know that I can handle you."

She sighed, "I... yeah, you're right. I don't really know how to deal with this. You make me feel helpless. In a good way I mean, and that scares me. I don't know how to let go."

I nuzzled her neck started playing with her breasts, "You feel helpless because you are: that's the point. You found someone who can handle you, someone who can tell you what to do. If you tried to run right now, I would tie you up and suck, tease, and rub you until you gave in to me."

She sighed softly, "You're a bastard."

I nodded against her and pinched her nipples, "Did it ever occur to you that the reason you could never be satisfied was because you were always the one in charge? I can feel your body heating up again and I know you need more, but how often did you ever get the more you needed?"

She tensed as I pinched her harder still, "Ungh, I didn't... I had to wait till I was alone and do it myself, and even then it was never enough."

I slid my right hand down her back and squeezed her ass hard, then grabbed her pussy with my palm, "That's because it never felt this good, did it?"

"No...god... no, it was never this good."

I pushed her forward gently, "Bend over, now."

She did as she was told immediately and lowered herself down until her hands rested on the padded bench, "This is so embarrassing, do you want me to bark like a dog too?"

I stepped closely behind her and put my arms around her waist, "You won't be able to try any more of your dirty table flipping tricks in this position. This isn't about respect or ego, I don't need to pretend to be in control of you. Right now, there is nothing you can do to stop me unless you say no. The only question is: Do you want me to?"

I could hear her heaving in anticipation, although I knew she was still struggling with her control issue, "I... I do, rich boy. I've never wanted anything so badly."

I took hold of my cock and began lightly slapping her pussy with it, "What do you want? Tell me."

She gasped, "Oh... please..."

I slapped her with my dick harder, "Please what?"

"Please fuck me, make me your bitch!" 

I raised the tip of my cock to her clit and starting sliding between her legs gently, "Like this, baby?"

"Yes, yes like that, please..."

I felt myself harden even more, "Good girl. See how much better it is when you do as you're told? Stick your cute little ass in the air higher so I can fuck your tight little pussy."

This time she was perfectly willing to listen to me.

I ran my hands over her perfect ass then took hold of her waist again. With a grunt, I slid roughly into her and gasped at how tight she still was.

She shook and I could feel her tensing even harder around my shaft, "Babe... yes! Please, stretch me out."

I grabbed her waist even harder as I began to slide into her. She felt impossibly, amazingly good, and it took everything in me to keep from giving myself over to her. I sped up and pushed myself deeper into her and she moaned again and again. I threw my head back in anguish and put my hands on her soft rump as I continued to pump into her. Her pussy was so tight, I barely fit as I felt myself being sucked into her. I was starting to lose control and I knew it, but this time, I gave myself over to it because she needed me to. 

The sound of me slapping into her small form echoed throughout the shower room and her incessant cries of ecstasy filled my ears as I shouted, "Fuck, Star! I love your perfect tight pussy! No one is ever going to fuck you but me!"

I could feel her struggling to hold herself up as I pounded into her as fast and as hard as I could, "Yes baby, yes! No one else, no one! I'm your good little fucking slut, my pussy is yours, my whole body is yours!"

I pulled her up to me brutishly while still inside of her and flipped her around. I sat down on the bench with her on top of me and brought my hand around to diddle her clit, "Ride that cock, baby, show me how good of a wife you can be."

She seemed to be enjoying the dirty talk every bit as much as I was, and I frigged her swollen clit roughly as she began to slide up and down my slick shaft, "Yes baby, yes hubby... Gah... Fuck! Fuck your slutty little wife with that fat cock!"

I admit, hearing her talk like that was too much for me, and I felt my muscles tighten under the inevitable strain of a most certainly debilitating orgasm. I grabbed both her tits and held her close to me as she rode me like an animal, "Star... I'm gonna cum baby, make me cum in your pussy again!"

She rocked even harder and the only thing I can really remember is a long string of profanity and blissfully unformed words coming out of her mouth, "Yes, cum! Hot cum for me, fuh... ghn... shit! I'm cumming too baby, make me cum with that big fucking horse cock! Gaaaawd!"

She bucked on top of me and my orgasm hit me just a second after hers. I held her as she shook violently in my arms and I pumped even more hot semen into her. We both thrashed and screamed together and no doubt looked totally ridiculous, but it was pretty damn amazing. After a few moments I was able to gather my wits, but Star was finally down for the count. She had done better than most women would have been able to, and even though she hadn't had as many orgasms as I thought I might need to give her in one setting, they were very, very intense. She was collapsed on the bench in a heaving heap, and as I looked at her I felt an overwhelming love for her. I knew it wasn't because of the sex, because at that particular moment I was way too tired to do anything else like that. It was something deeper that I felt; I wanted to keep her safe and give her a reason to be with me. The thought of losing her, even though I had only known her for several days, terrified me. I somehow found just enough energy to stand and scooped her up into my trembling arms.

"Computer, turn off the water and speed dry."

Yes Mr. Allhew

I felt the warm, gentle blast of drying fog hit us, then I stepped out of the shower and carried Starway to my bed. I rolled her into it as gingerly as I could then covered her, then crawled in right beside her; exhausted, but happy and satisfied as hell.

I don't know how long it was that we lay there, but some time later I was awoken from my deep sleep by Starway murmuring and whimpering. I was so tired that I couldn't open my eyes, but I rolled over to her and could feel an intense heat radiating from her body. She was sleeping on her side facing away from me, so I put my arms around her and she shuddered and whispered how she wanted me again; I think she was asleep actually. I felt myself harden again and wondered where I was getting all the stamina from, despite my exhaustion. With my eyes still closed, I slid my hands down her back in the dark room and found her smooth mound, then felt around and put a finger inside of her. She moaned softly as I slid into her gently to make sure she was still lubricated, then I used my finger as a guide and pushed my cock into her. She shuddered again as I rocked into her slowly. I hugged her tightly as I slid into her, enjoying how much pleasure I could give her even in her sleep. This went on for awhile until I felt her tense up, and I quickened my pace ever so slightly. She moaned quietly in the dark and before long I felt her tense even more. I shoved into her deeply yet gently and was rewarded with one last low gasp as I felt her pussy clench around me once more. I didn't have an orgasm myself, but I was content to just roll over on my back once more and fall asleep to the contented sounds of her normal breathing.

My eyes shot open some hours later: I had to pee so badly. I looked over to see Star snoring softly on the the pillow amid a pool of her own drool. I smiled; the poor girl hadn't had action like that in over two years, I think she was entitled to a little unladylike slumber. I got off the bed quietly so as not to wake her then walked to the bathroom to do my business. When I finished, I walked to the drink console and got myself some coffee, then got a status report from the computer. Apparently someone had tried to access my VPN, with no luck: so my uncle was on to me. I tried not to let it bother me, although I did pledge to come up with some sort of a plan once my mind was a little clearer. I finished the coffee then went into Star's room to get her things and bring them to my room for her convenience. I grabbed the bag, which was upside down incidentally, and I ended up spilling all of its contents on the bed. Slightly irritated by my carelessness, I started putting the items back, until something shiny caught my eye. I picked it up and knew what it was immediately, although I had never seen one before: It was a long thin silver vibrator. I smiled at it and imagined Star putting on a show for me with it (you would too, admit it) then put it back in the bag. I carried her things to my room and set them down, then got myself something to wear. I cooked some breakfast, eggs bacon and pancakes, then went to rouse Star. It took some doing, but I finally got her up with the smell of the bacon and dressed her in one of my tee shirts and a pair of her plain white boy shorts. 

After breakfast I told her about my Uncle trying to access our shuttle systems and she just shrugged, "So what are we gonna do, when we get to Vale I mean?"

I pursed my lips, "We need to focus on getting off the shuttle first. I don't know if he'll use force on us, but at this point I want to assume the worst. There's nothing I can do about what port we dock in when we arrive, I'm guessing that's the only advantage he has at this point. If there are multiple lackeys, or just one person, I want to be prepared."

She nodded, "We have two more days till we arrive, I'm sure you'll think of something. I have the utmost confidence it you, hubby."

I gave a half smile, "Hubby? You like the sound of that don't you?"

She grinned sheepishly and looked down, "I'm sorry, its just that I never thought I would be married."

I walked around to her side of the counter and put my arms around her, "There's nothing to be sorry about, I like the sound of it too... wife."

She blushed, "See, I'm not the only cheezer around here!"

I laughed, "No, you're not. When you called me hubby last night I almost lost it. I love the way it sounds."

She shook her head, "We are NOT talking about things I said last night, to be honest, I don't remember. You're not supposed to talk about things people say when they have sex, its embarrassing."

I laughed again, "Oh yeah? Like I shouldn't mention the fact that you said you loved my 'big fucking horse cock' and then proceeded to orgasm so hard that you passed out?

She turned around and started slapping at me, "You jerk! You said some things too! Embarrassing things!"

I nodded as I tried to defend myself, "I'm just kidding. But seriously, am I really that big?"

She stopped and nodded with a smile, "Hon, you've got a real weapon there. I've seen bigger, but proportionally you're longer and thicker than anything that I've ever had to take."

It was my turn to blush, "Um, you're welcome. Thank my genetics I guess."

She grinned evilly, "What's really impressive though, is how quickly you can reload your cannon. I've never, ever seen any guy come even close to your firepower, force or volume."

I felt myself flushing even more, "Uh, again, my genetics."

She put her hand on my crotch, "I've been thinking about getting into genetic studies myself lately, call it a... recent interest. I'd like to do some research on my new subject and see how much sperm he can manufacture overnight."

I jumped, "Something tells me you're not a real doctor."

She giggled, "I'm just an intern right now, but I have to study in order to pass the class."

I put my arms on her wrist, "Not so fast. I accidentally spilled the contents of your bag on the bed when I was moving it and found your little toy. Care to explain?"

She crossed her arms and looked a little frazzled, "I haven't used it yet, I swear! It was a gift from one of my friends at the agency, she knew about my problem and said that I would get more use out of it than she would."
