 Author's note- this is something I thought up from my other stories and wasn't sure if it should be in the sci -fi section but, it still contains a female with a cock, so I will just hope my readers enjoy something different. All characters are over 18 years old. 

Transformation 

I go camping in the woods as often as possible because I like to embrace the natural world, far away from the urban congestion and odors man has wrought on the world. I'm just a guy who doesn't fit in with the city life, so I escape for my solitude as often as I can. Usually every weekend in the summer, I would hike to a beautiful forested place not far from my hometown. I had found it when I was young and adventurous, regularly escaping my boring single life. It usually took about an hour to get there, so I would leave at sunrise, spending the whole day enjoying the scenery and relaxing in the sun while I tanned in nude. I had found this small secluded glen between some of the hills with a pond about the size of an olympic pool. It was fed by a small stream from the upper areas that surrounded this natural wonderland and drained down into the low lands. The slow moving water was pristine and I would strip and dive in, enjoying the cool water as I relaxed from the long hike. 

This area was quite isolated and I assumed no one knew of it's existence since I never saw anyone in the area. I had no qualms about swimming nude, I was just an ordinary guy of average height, weight, and a 6" cock and balls, nothing to set me apart from most men in the world. I was shy around the female side of life and have had a few relationships, but we found ourselves not compatible and they left to move on. I was out of school and worked in the big city as a website security advisor, setting up protection programs for businesses and cleaning up some of the messes the employees made with their computers. The pay wasn't great, but I had my own place and could come and go as I pleased.

The day was getting hotter as the sun cleared the edges of the trees about mid morning. Lucky me, there were no clouds in the sky as my spirits rose that it was going to be a perfect weekend. I floated on my back, slowly waving my hands to stay above the surface, my face the only thing basking in the heat as my floating body cooled in the water under the brightness of the day. 

With the sun on my face, I closed my eyes and daydreamed about meeting someone that could make my life purposeful. I wanted to fall in love, get married and possibly have children. I was young and I had time to find this girl who would be my soul mate, but I really enjoyed my solitude for now and here I was, alone again.

I had been in the water for about 15 mins. when suddenly I felt a sharp prick on the back of my neck. Within seconds, my thoughts faded to blackness as I sank below the surface.

I'm not sure what happened as my eyes opened a little and could feel the sun still shining on my face.I realized that I was laying on the bank upon my open sleeping bag. I tried to sit up, but all the muscles in my body refused to move. I felt totally helpless and confused. I could see down my nude body that everything looked normal, but I was frozen and the only thing I could do was move my head and eyes around. The glen and the pond looked the same as when I got here. But how did I end up on the bank? I'm not a small guy, so someone had to be pretty strong to lift me up here. 

I checked my self again and found I could move my lips and also feel the cool breeze on my skin. But that was all I could do. Was I permanently immobile? I was getting scared because I couldn't call for help, my voice frozen like the rest of me. Now I felt truly alone in the world and started to panic, drawing in deep breathes as I tried to call for help.

As I laid there listening to the birds singing sweetly and watching the sun move closer to the other side of the valley, I knew I had been laying here for most of the day. What was I supposed to do? I recalled the prick in my neck and wondered if I had bumped into a poisonous plant that has paralyzed me. I had swam in this pond many times and had never encountered much plant life that appeared to be dangerous. And how did I get here on the bank?

I closed my eyes and tried to think of something to fix my predicament. Damn, nothing! I was starting to panic again when my roving eyes saw a disturbance in the pond. There was some ripples on the water surface, but it wasn't windy so maybe it was a fish. 

Slowly something rose from the circular ripples in the center of the pond. At first I thought it was a turtle because it was rounded, but as it rose some more, I could see the face of a being that wasn't of this normal world. I could make out that this creature had feminine features with wet hair a light green color and her skin was also green but a shade darker. I was getting quite scared not knowing what was going to happen seeing this magical creature. My panic must have showed in my eyes as I strained to move my body.

The creature rose even more, coming closer as it's body rose higher from the water. When I saw her breasts, I knew this was definitely a female of some kind and she looked absolutely stunning. I didn't blink once as I saw her finally reach the bank, her nude body perfect to behold. If my cock was working, it would have been so hard. She had shapely long legs with a small patch of green hair above her crotch. Her face a vision of natural beauty with yellow eyes that shone like the sun when see stared at me. (Should I be scared???)

She gracefully walked up to my prone body and knelt beside me, continuing to stare at my face with a gentle smile that eased some of my trepidations. She reached out her hand and gently stroked my cheek, her cool touch soothing my hot skin. I smiled at her obvious gentleness, wishing I could talk and learn more about her. Maybe she could help me understand what had happened. I then realized it must have been her that saved me from drowning and had hauled me up on the bank. 

After a few minutes of her seeming to inspect me and my body, she began to caress my skin leaving me tingling all over until I watched as she finally touch my cock. OMG, was she going to hurt me down there? She lifted my flaccid cock and wrapped her fingers around it, pulling my foreskin down to reveal my hidden crown. I could feel the blood filling my cock as she touched me. (At least I can still get a hard on.) She then began to masturbate me until my cock was fully erect and hard, my mind excited about what was going to happen.

When she seemed satisfied with her ministrations, she leaned over my gland and kissed it sending more shivers thru out my inert body. As I watched this goddess play with my sex, I wondered what her real intentions were. Suddenly, her mouth opened slightly and I saw a slim tongue slip past her lips and touch my cock. It was black colored and tapered at the point, something like a snakes put not forked. She twirled it around and licked me with her juices, my electrified penial nerves sending wonderful feelings to my brain. 

When I was well coated with her essence, my eyes grew wider as her tongue began to enter my urethra, slowly disappearing inside my cock (It must have been 6-7" long.) until her lips again touched my crown. She lifted her eyes to meet mine as she opened her lips and placed them around my purple head. her tongue sliding deeper inside me as she lowered her head some more. It felt like my cock was getting fucked as it wiggled inside me.and touched something that sent amazing jolts of pleasure thru my helpless body. I couldn't stop her if I wanted too, so I just let my mind enjoy everything she was doing to me. All I could do was watch as she began to suck my dick and I do mean suck. I've had a girl give me a blow job, but this was totally mind blowing. (Maybe she was dissolving my insides with her tongue and trying to eat me alive. OMG!) 

I closed my eyes and just savoured this erotic encounter with my green goddess. When she seemed satisfied with my obvious enjoyment, I felt her tongue being slid out and she lifted her mouth off my rigid cock, smiling at me with her golden eyes. Crawling up my body. her heavy tits brushed my chest until she leaned down and placed her lips to mine. (Hmmmm, she just had my cock in her mouth.) Her soft lips kissed me like any other girl would until her tongue flicked across my lips. I didn't want to upset her so I opened my mouth a little and let her invade me again. We kissed for a long time as she explored me completely, her tongue even going down my throat.

She finally broke our kiss and pulled back while staring at me again as she reached down between our bodies and grabbed my hardness again. She had been sitting on my abs, but now she squatted herself so her pussy was hovering over my cock. (I was going to have sex- YEAH!!) Slowly she lowered her hips down, my cock entering her warm and wet cavern of female sex. (Well this felt normal) Her inner muscles opened as my cock searched for her inner depths. My 7" cock was firmly imbedded when she finally rested her ass on my thighs, her green pussy rippling along my cock as she sat back and watched my face with a smile.

I really wished I could move and share this experience with her, but it seemed she was going to have to do all the work. ( Do I care- NOPE!) Raising her hips, she slide off my cock until my crown was at her entrance and then slowly lowered her pussy again to surround me in heavenly bliss. She did this a few times as if she was checking my reactions and since my eyes could only display a form of lust, she smiled and began to pick up the pace.

The sun was now over the tree tops and we were fucking in the shade. I could see beads of sweat coming from her pores as she steadily fucked me for what seemed like an hour. I knew this wasn't normal since I'm a fast cummer. She must have injected me with something when her tongue was inside me. I could sense my impending orgasm and she seemed to know what was going to happen, so she fucked me harder, driving her pussy onto my cock. I could feel my cum rising thru my dick canal as her pussy milked me until I was squirting multiple times into her pussy. She was grinding her pubis into my groin and shaking in obvious orgasmic pleasure.

OMG, this felt so good! But something was different again, I didn't stop cumming. I must have pumped a full liter of sperm into her womb and she seemed determined to take it all. This creature was truly a female made for sex and I wished some how I could show her my gratitude for our fantastic fuck.

She lifted off my softening manhood, the cool air drying me in the waning twilight. I was feeling a bit cold myself and she must have sensed that too. (Is she a mind reader?) She covered me completely with my sleeping bag, making sure I was tucked in, gazing into my face as she again leaned down to kiss me. This time there was no tongue but a soft thank you kiss that lasted a long time. 

She lifted back again,shifting up a bit and cupping her breast and placing her erect nipple at my lips. Naturally, I began to suck and what did I get for my efforts, milk, the most delicious milk I have ever tasted. Sweet, creamy and I was again in heaven as it flowed down my throat, filling my empty stomach since I know I hadn't eaten since breakfast. She was nursing me and I knew this beautiful creature was someone I wanted to protect, but right now, it was she who was protecting me. When her tit was empty she offered me the other one until I was fully sated with her creamy milk. 

With a final kiss, she stroked my cheek until I couldn't keep my eyes open. I watched thru slitted eyes as she stood and turned towards the pond. Her perfect ass jiggled as she slowly walked into the water and disappeared. Finally I slept, my body full of her milk and my balls drained for probably a month. My dreams were of fantasy creatures that enjoyed erotic couplings, some images so intense that I was sure I was losing all of my reality. I guess I'm an interspecies breeder now. At some point my dreams faded to blackness, my sleep so deep that I wasn't sure if time had stopped or I was dead. 

The new sun on my face slowly brought me back to reality. I could feel my sleeping bag covering my bare skin, the firm ground underneath me reminding me of where I was. So, did I really have an encounter with a green goddess? Or was it just a very vivid dream? I opened my eyes a little to survey my surroundings. Yep, I was still here at my favourite secluded garden of eden. The sun was just rising over the tree tops so I guessed it was mid morning of the second day being here. 

As my mind cleared, I tried to explain to myself what had happened yesterday, but now something felt different internally. I still couldn't move any of my muscles, but my body felt as if had it had changed. I couldn't really explain these feelings but now I wanted to look at myself to see if there was anything that was seriously wrong. (Was it the sting on my neck?) Now what? I couldn't move my cover and could only lie there with scary thoughts about what was going to happen.

As my mind conjured up many bad things about what was happening to me, I saw the ripples appear again on the pond. She was coming for me and I realized I needed her to help me and tried to think of a way to communicate with her. As I stared at this green goddess rising up from the calm waters, I saw her perfect face, her perfect breasts, her taunt stomach and then? OMG!! Hanging between her thighs was a cock, a cock that must have been 6" soft and swung back and forth as she rose from the water. This wasn't the same creature who fucked me silly yesterday, was it? 

She gracefully walked up the bank, hypnotizing me with her brilliant yellow eyes as I stared at her magnificent piece of male genitalia. But she wasn't a male, everything yesterday reminded me of her fucking the cum out of me and that she was truly a female, tits, pussy, the complete works. She kneeled beside me again and caressed my cheek, smiling and leaning down to kiss me. I reciprocated gladly, feeling her thin tongue swirl around my mouth as I tasted her, enjoying our pleasurable moment until she eased back from my face.

She pulled open my bedroll and let the sun claim my naked body. the brightness warming my skin as if I was tanning on a beach. My eyes left her smiling face as I looked down my body and OMG, I had tits, perfectly shaped tits that stood firm with large nipples that rose above these fleshy mounds. (What the fuck my mind screamed!!) She could sense my confusion so she started kissing me again, using her hand to caress my tit, squeezing it and pinching my engorged nipple. I never had a girl play with my man boobs, just some nipple play and never expected that playing with them would feel so good, but now I had real tits and her groping made me aroused and electrified. I thought I would feel my cock stir from her ministrations, but all I felt was a warm sensation building up between my legs.

She broke our kiss, moving down to let her slender tongue wrap around my nipple, squeezing it tight and sending jolts of pleasure down my spine. When she placed her lips around it and sucked, I never wanted her to stop, I just wanted to be able to move and hold her to my breast. I could feel her other hand sliding down my stomach, touching me softly until her fingers reached my cock. I couldn't see past her head as she suckled, so I relaxed and concentrated on what she was doing to me. I knew I would eventually be able to watch her jerk me to hardness like yesterday, yet I felt I was missing something, my cock wasn't feeling warm from the sun glaring down on the rest of my skin.

I felt her lower hand use a finger to touch me and stroke my sex, the sensation totally different than my cock. She was rubbing something that made my arousal different and exciting. When she moved to suck my other tit, my eyes focused on my lower extremities, wanting to see my manhood erect and ready. But it wasn't there, just her hand moving between my loins, gently massaging what I could only assume was my pussy, cunt, vagina, clit.- a real woman's sex organ and it felt really sexual as she touched me.

She sat back again, her hand never leaving my new pussy as I felt myself getting damp with my juices. This was so different than jerking my cock, the build up to my orgasm climbing slowly thru my body as she fingered my clitoris, my arousal evident in my wide open eyes and the silent moans trying to escape my throat. I didn't want her to stop, my first female orgasm so agonizingly close. Again she seemed to know how I was feeling and stopped before I could reach a blissful conclusion (Don't stop!! Oh God!! please don't stop!!) My eyes pleaded for her to continue but she stopped and rose up to move down to my feet. What I saw then was really scary, her cock had grown to a hard 8" sticking out from her pelvis. It was dripping fluid, her precum falling on the grass between her feet. She smiled at me and kneeled, lifting my legs apart so she could see my open sex. OMG, I was going to fucked again, but now I was the one getting cock fucked. (How did this happen, I'm a guy). 

She moved closer until the big crown of her wet cock touched my virgin pussy, watching my face as she pushed herself slowly inside my wet folds. I wanted to scream and stop her from doing this (Did I really want her to stop?) but my body still couldn't respond to my panic. (FUCK, FUCK, FUCK) I wasn't a woman and this creature was going to fuck me with a cock I've only seen in porn. My insides began to tense and push her invasion from my body but she kept the pressure steady and was soon sinking slowly into the depths of my virginity. It felt so strange having a cock put inside me, but it actually felt good and I was starting to feel ok with her massive cock filling me. I lay there still unable to move, finally accepting that I was the female in this coupling and she was the one with the cock. Her girth was stretching my pussy wide and when her thighs rested against my ass, I felt her throbbing cock bumping the entrance to my womb. (Yes, I've studied the woman's anatomy.)

She held her pulsing cock deep inside, leaning down to kiss my fears away. I felt a tear escape my eye as my body adjusted to her invasion. Her kisses helped distract me for a moment until she moved her hips away, sliding her cock out until I thought she was going to pull out completely. When her cock head was at my pussy lips, she rammed her hips hard against me, thrusting her firmness into the depths of my pussy and sending jolts of pleasure shooting thru out my prone body. (OMG that felt good!!)

She lifted back from my chest and spread my legs wide to fuck me. Slowly she slide in and out of my wet pussy, driving herself deep with every push. My pussy was vibrating from her intrusions as she fucked me, my excitement climbing higher with a need to cum and wanting to feel how a woman felt as she orgasmed. (Maybe this erotic fantasy was just a dream????. Sure feels real at the moment.) 

I closed my eyes again and concentrated on her big cock fucking my virgin pussy. My juices were coating her manhood as my lover fucked me with long deep thrusts. She had great stamina like before and I felt every vein of her hardness as I tried to milk her cock with my pussy muscles. My nerves were tingling through out my new body, my mind trying to adjust to the erotic pleasures she was doing to me. The fiction from her cock in my canal was causing a delicious warmth to spread higher thru my body as she continued to stimulate me to orgasm, my urges building quickly as she...raped me? (Was I crazy? Why was I thinking like a girl? Oh Ya, now I am the girl!)

Opening my eyes again, I watched this beautiful creature exerting herself between my legs, her hips pumping faster and her beautiful tits bouncing with her thrusts. I laughed to myself as I watched my own breasts wobble in circles as she fucked me, wishing I could hold them in my hands and play with them. My insides started to melt into a gooey substance, all my nerves electrified. My eyes opened wide as the greatest pleasures started to roll thru out my frozen body. (OMG, I never wanted this to stop.) 
