 Author's Note: Okay guys, here it is, sorry for the long wait. Now, if you have read the others, I STILL advise you to watch the movie John Carpenter's Vampires. Also, pick up a copy of The Magdelena comics, by Top Cow. All the rest is pretty much me. Enjoy, and remember, a good story is long and worth it, a GREAT story needs comments..... please...? :)

Transcendency 3 -- Armageddon.

Katherine picked up the small child's head and stared into his eyes. The tiny boy would have barely been nine; he had been no match for her wolf. Her pet lifted his red eyes, his mouth leaving her, and she reared up and slapped him, teeth spinning away across the floor. The wolf cub, barely twenty winters old when she'd changed him, cowered under her might and clutched her groin again.

Katherine sighed in pleasure as she leant back. He had made her come a half-dozen times at least this day, and she felt sated, but he felt too good, and longed for a release. The creatures cock was begging for release, but she wouldn't allow him the pleasure until she had had her fill.

The bloodwolf's teeth slid into her thighs and stomach while his tongue moved up inside of her. His tongue itself was longer than most men's cocks, and he writhed it around within her, making her hiss her pleasure between clenched teeth. The bloodwolf, eight feet tall and filled out with muscles, power and violence, worshipped at her centre as the rest of the Castle when to their beds.

Her nights were filled with creation. Nearly a hundred and fifty of the creatures now resided at the Castle Della Nostrum, the former abode of one of Katherine's own sires. They awaited the arrival of the King and Queen of the Pack, who would be returning after a month's absence, gathering more vampires and werewolves to turn into bloodwolves.

Lady Elisabeth Della Nostrum was a vampire, turned almost a millennia ago, who had been purified by the Packmaster King himself. She was the second of her kind, second only to the Packmaster himself. She and her fictitious progeny had been well-bred and better off fixtures of the London socialite scene for longer than anyone could remember, though no-one had known she was a vampire.

Markus Stormbridge had become aware. She had gotten him captured by one of her many inconsequential vampiric lovers, for her amusement. In truth, she had needed something different, and approached Markus with an offer of power. Ironically, Markus had allowed himself to be captured, and thus had gained entry.

After their coupling, Markus had slain her, tearing her throat open and loosing all her taken blood. As she changed back to the human she'd been as she died, he had changed her, at first to make her a pet. As her power had become apparent, though, things had vastly changed. Now they ruled over their own species, and looked to the dark worlds of vampire and werewolf alike for new conquests.

Katherine was one of these. A new breed, she had been changed by the new King and Queen and was now in charge of building their army, changing captured wolves and bloods into the creatures that would replace them. Creatures like the beast between her legs. 

She leant back, closing her eyes as the creature's tongue moved inside of her, bringing her to the brink of ecstatic insanity again and again. She shoved his head back and moved to the bed, kneeling down as the wolf slunk into the room gratefully. His cock was already hard and thick, and she morphed, changing into the powerful beast she revelled in.

The young bloodwolf slunk up behind her, and entered her, sliding his thick meat up and inside of her with a whined sigh. Katherine arched her back up as the boy feverishly jerked his cock inside of her. The beast's cock was huge, though not as big as the Packmaster's. Katherine's breath tasted raw in her throat as she imagined it was her Lord dominating her.

The creature pistoning himself in and out of her was thick, as thick as a human wrist, but at the most ten inches long. Katherine's wolf form could easily accommodate him, and she rolled over, whining noisily at the sensation of the cock twisting inside of her. She reached up, slashing the jowls of the wolf's head above her, splattering her face in blood.

The bloodwolf whined but didn't stop thrusting, until finally he gave a quick jerk and howled, and Katherine felt him splatter up inside of her. She wondered idly what it would be like to carry his life in her, and pushed him off her. She shook, and her form crunched and flowed back into her human body. The boy in front of her followed suit, becoming lean and clean of face.

His dark hair and blue eyes attracted her, he was pleasing to her eye, if not her mind, and she had claimed him as hers. The others didn't mind. When she felt the need, her sins were not confined to this one single beast. She walked to the UV glass windows again and stared at the hated, compelling sun. It was one of the few things that could kill a bloodwolf, but it's beauty was entrancing.

There was movement from downstairs as she settled for the day. The Castle housed all the created bloodwolves on the planet, and they were now seeking the cool comfort of the cavern beneath the blue stones. It was a giant den, which satisfied both the needs for space, and absence of sun. Katherine resolved to check on the latest progress of the next batch before retiring.

The boy came up to her and stood beside her. "Your bed awaits, Mistress." She scoffed and turned, not answering him, as she made her way to the small room she kept exclusively for herself. Queen Bethany, as she was now called, had slept in the large four poster bed, when she slept during the day. Katherine used it only for fucking, preferring her own bed in a room adjoining her Queen's. 

She shut the door and discarded her red robe, stepping into the bath that the boy had made for her. She really ought to give him a name, she thought idly. She leant back into the cushion and closed her eyes, feeling her body replenishing itself from the meal she had made of the little boy that her pet had caught spying. Little boys should have stayed indoors at night. Luckily though, he had only run to the priest, scared that hell was coming for him.

Katherine smiled as she sunk lower into the boiling water, feeling the forgotten sensation of warmth begin to slowly move through her. She reached down and turned the temperature up, and the bubbles began rising as the water boiled. Her rear began to get pleasantly hot from the red-hot steel as she began to smile to herself, remembering the taste of the child's flesh. Hell had certainly come for him.

******** "Father Connelly?" Mariella pushed the door open to the church slowly, already feeling that something was terribly wrong. She looked over her shoulder to Gabriel, whose senses echoed her feelings. Jack cocked his gun as they moved further into the church, and all three crossed themselves warily.

Mariella moved down the centre of the pews, and Jack and Gabriel darted into the shadows along each wall, moving to cover her. A black cassock moved at the altar, and the figure turned, staring at her. "Father Connelly, please, we've come..." 

"Father Connelly is dead." The man knelt down and bowed to her. "We have come to assist you, Sister." He reached up and tore his cassock away, revealing a silver, black and gray uniform, with church insignia on it. He pulled a mask up and over his face, a plain mask without holes and a white crucifix on the centre of his brow, reaching down his face. 

Anther figure moved out from the darkness behind Jack, and another, until the room was filled with the holy warriors. Gabriel drew his sword as he stepped into the light, staring at the warriors. They looked for all the world like church ninjas or something akin. They were all heavily armed, both with blades and high-tech firearms. Mariella held her hand up to him and glanced back behind Jack, a sudden warm smile on her face.

Jack froze as the barrel of a gun slid up his back and lodged against the base of his skull. He slowly lifted his hands, then whirled around quickly, batting the barrel out of the way with his elbow and slamming his cocked pistol into the throat of the man behind him.

"You're getting slow, Jack, I never would have gotten the drop on you back in the day." Cardinal Adam Guiteau grinned through his beard and held out his hand. Jack lowered the pistol and shook his head, a wry grin on his face. 

"You scared the hell out of me, Padre. How's life in the big building?" Jack and Adam laughed, and clasped hands, genuinely pleased to see one another. The warriors surrounded Mariella, standing at attention behind her. Adam looked past Jack's shoulder at Gabriel, then ducked his head to his friend.

"I'm afraid we'll have to catch up later, my friend." Jack's face sobered and he nodded, and turned back into the room. Adam walked up to Gabriel and bowed. "Gabriel. I'm glad you're all right. I wasn't sure if you'd survive Jack's training." He gave his friend a wry glance and then looked back at Mariella, who was conversing with the warriors. "I suppose I should introduce you."

He spread his hands out wide, and the warriors formed a line and knelt on masse behind Mariella, who moved to Gabriel's side. Adam narrowed his eyes curiously as he watched their hands twitch towards one another. "This is a Holy Contingent from the Knights of Malta. The Inquisitors."

The twelve knights stood up at attention, and Gabriel nodded to himself. "Sure, why not. Holy ninjas, Batman." Jack snorted a laugh behind them, and Adam smiled. 

"Since the dawn of the Church herself, the Knights of Malta have trained. They are the foremost warriors against the seeds of darkness in this world, trained to hunt, kill and serve. They serve only the church, and the Magdelena." Gabriel looked at Mariella with wide eyes.

"They're your army?" She shook her head and gestured to the warriors behind her. 

"They are holy warriors. If my sisters and I are the lone scouts behind enemy lines, then these are surely the infantry of God." She looked at the warriors and inclined her head to them, acknowledging them as fellow warriors. She looked at Adam and her face hardened. "The father is dead?"

"Killed, Mellie, in what I assume was a measure of protection against the pack being outed and the church contacted," Adam answered tersely. "He was killed needlessly, as his communique had already been sent. We have also ascertained that another was killed, a child. From the communique we believe that it was a young boy who alerted Father Connelly. He was taken this morning, in the early hours of the day, before the sun rose."

Jack cocked his pistol and shrugged himself off the stone walls. "Well lets go in there and get him the fuck out, then." One of the Inquisitors glanced sharply at him.

"Language, Mr. Crowe." Jack and Adam shared a conspiratorial chuckle, and Adam looked at his watch. 

"It's only four hours until sundown. We should wait for morning, to give us a full day of sunlight to use." Jack nodded approvingly and Gabriel and Mariella sighed. Adam gestured to the church around them. "There are plenty of beds about. Get some rest. We'll post a watch during the night, and head out at first light."

Jack caught Gabriel's eyes and jerked his head towards the entrance as the remaining party knelt at the altar and began to pray. Gabriel's hand rested on Mariella's shoulder for a moment, and she glanced up at him with a soft smile, then ducked her head and continued to pray. Jack moved them towards the door and gestured to his weapons. 

"You'd better make sure they're all clean and ready, kid, because we'll be in the thick of it tomorrow. Game on, first thing, so you don't want to be jerkin' around with your weapons. You got it?" Gabriel nodded as they stepped out into the afternoon sun and went for their packs. Several people glanced curiously at them from windows of cars or the surrounding buildings, but nobody moved to stop them. 

They pushed inside, and Gabriel moved up into the higher reaches of the church, into the attic. He looked around at the dusty room and the small mattress at the base of a window, and threw his and Mariella's packs down beside the mattress, and pushed out one of the stained glass windows. 

The metal squeaked in protest, and a small bit of dust stirred up as he looked at the sinking sun. Far in the distance, he could see a shadowy castle, like something out of a Dracula novel. He leant on the windowsill, breathing in the scent of the country air. 

A scent of roses came to him, and he turned and smiled as Mariella knelt down beside her pack. "We should sleep well, we'll be in hell tomorrow." Gabriel smiled to himself as she matter-of-factly began laying out enough weapons to lay siege to Congress. They cleaned and sharpened their weapons in silence, happy enough in one another's company. They hung up their sheathes, holsters and scabbards next to the window and sat down on the floor. 

Mariella laid down on top of Gabriel, and he put his arms around her shoulders. Their hands linked up, and Mariella smiled to herself. They sat in silence for a while longer. "Tell me what it was like to grow up in the world?" Gabriel shifted under her and tilted his head to side, curiously.

"It was just a normal life, growing up. Well, it was on the streets, but that's just... you know, normal for a lot of kids." Mariella didn't move, but her hands squeezed his gently. 

"Please." There was something vulnerable about her tone, so Gabriel shifted up and put his arms further around her, and she snuggled into his embrace.

"Okay." Her breathing slowed as he began to speak, and her head twisted to the side. She rolled over and laid her body out along his, nestling into the crook of his neck with her silken hair. "I grew up in Saint Michel's Orphanage, in New York." A slow smile spread his lips. "I was a shit of a kid, I guess. I got into mischief fairly regularly. I loved to fight. I didn't get along well with the other kids who thought they were in charge."

Gabriel thought back to his days, running around the orphanage, carefree and ignorant. "I was best friends with a kid named Dalton. Dalton Washington Jnr. He was big, a lot bigger than me. But he wasn't smart. Not that I'm a genius. But he used to struggle with school. Any classes, he needed a friend. At first..." He grinned and shrugged.

"At first, I thought it'd be good to have a big friend, who'd stick up for you, so I stuck up for him, got him onside with me. But then, I got to like him. He was a good kid, you know. Soon, we were inseparable. There wasn't a single thing that went on in that orphanage that we didn't have our sticky little fingers in. The girls hung around us because we managed to come out on top of every fight we ever got into."

"We stole to survive on top. Locks aren't that difficult when they're between you and food or money you think you need. So we learnt. And we got bigger. Neither one of us got adopted, on account of we were such big pains in the ass. When he turned 18, he told me to look him up. He got turned out to the streets, to fend for himself. I turned 18 about three months later, and went to look him up."

A dark look crossed Gabriel's features, and Mariella looked up at him and touched his chin, but his eyes were far away. "I guess I learnt my first life lesson then. Three months is a lifetime on the streets. When I finally caught up with him, Dalton was a shadow. He'd wasted away. What brains he did have were gone, wasted away on that fucking shit they pump up your arm to forget your troubles."

"We had a big scrap right there in the street. I remember hitting him, and then remember him falling. His head bounced off the concrete like a PINYATA. He bled out over my hands and begged me to help him. He'd smashed two ribs and given me a lovely blood nose and a shiner, but some part of him still knew I was his friend."

"He died and I took over. I lived on those streets, trying to find the money to live from one meal to the next, and then you came." Mariella reached up and kissed him tenderly, and slid her hand over his neck to his shoulder, and hugged him. "What about you?" Mariella stayed silent for a while, then stirred again.

"I was raised by the church. My mother was the Magdelena, Rosalia was her name. I was born when she was very young, and I know she loved me, but every time she looked at me, I could see pain in her eyes. I never knew why. I was trained, ever since I could walk, to take on the responsibilities of the Magdelena. It's something you accept, but you can't quite conceive of. You're being trained for the day your mother dies."

Gabriel frowned and shook his head minutes as she continued. "And, as always happens, that day came. Cardinal Innocent came to me, and sent me off to slay the Darkness." She shrugged against him. "I failed. I wasn't ready. The Knights of Malta tried as hard as they could to ready me, and for all intents and purposes I was ready. But I couldn't defeat him." She opened her gloved hands and stared at her palms for a while, then flinched and shuddered in his arms.

"I survived that failure, and then another, after that. I met with many people, strange beings that looked no stranger to me than my own reflection. I fought some, fought alongside some, and then Cardinal Guiteau called upon me. He'd come from Rome, where unearthed Scriptures told of a Nephalym that would defend against a joined threat of blood and beast."

Gabriel smiled falsely and squeezed her in his arms. "My whole life I've been the Magdelena. I never knew the peace and happiness I might find as Mariella." Her voice was soft as she raised her face to his for another tender kiss. Gabriel pulled her into his arms and kissed her fully, the kiss deepening as they moved against one another. 

Mariella slowly let her hand drop to her top and began to lift it over her head. Their kisses didn't cease as they shed their clothes, and Gabriel lifted her to straddle him as he leant against the wall. Their naked bodies looked perfect together to Gabriel, her pale perfection, his chiselled form. Her muscles were her work, her training, but her body looked crafted from God himself. 

He couldn't stop kissing her, and didn't want to either. He could taste a succulent elixir on her lips, and it tasted like heaven to him as their arms moved around one another. Mariella arched up in his lap and reached beneath them, and Gabriel felt her grip her gently, pointing his hard cock upwards towards her. She sank back down onto him lightly, and closed her eyes, biting her lip. 

He entered her shallowly, but it wasn't the deepness that drove him to that heated ecstasy, it was the sensations she brought out in him. The heaving warmth of her breasts pressed against his chest, the hot tickle of her breath against his cheek and neck, the wetness pressing against his dark curled hairs. Mariella rocked further down onto him and spread her legs around them, circling his waist in her thighs. 

Mariella's dark brown hair cascaded down her sculpted shoulder as she moved on top of him slowly, feeling Gabriel's length easing up and into her with a slow, steady rhythm. Each rocked thrust rubbed their hips together, and Mariella's eyes closed as she pressed herself closer to her lover. Gabriel opened his mouth, capturing her nipple as she rocked up against him. 

She gave a soft moan as he nibbled at her gently, and squeezed him deep inside of her. Gabriel gave a ragged sigh and a grunt as she smiled contentedly, her face covered by her hair. Mariella leant back, her breasts heaving as she began to pant deeply, her arms stretched around Gabriel's neck. She ground herself down onto him, shuddering around him and quivering in his arms.

Gabriel tightened his grip on her and brought her back up as he ran his open mouth up her body, tasting her sweat and the intoxicating scent that was simply her own. Their mouths met and they kissed feverishly, trying to devour one another. Mariella gasped for breath against his open mouth and enfolded him in her arms tightly as she tensed and suddenly bit her lip again to keep from crying out.
