 It was a warm July day, the sun beat through the gap in Mike's curtains illuminating his dull room. He glanced around the room at the pile of junk that cluttered the floor before rolling over and going back to sleep. Two hours later he woke with a start as his alarm screeched. Slowly he started to get up, stretching; he stumbled to the bathroom and gazed into the mirror. He reached for his bottle of tablets, that he had formulated himself the day before in the science lab.

After a quick shower to freshen up, Mike made his way back into his room opening the wardrobe and getting dressed. He put on a nice white thong, with matching bra and pulled on his favourite red summer dress. With a quick glance in the mirror Mike couldn't help but admire the curvy body of a young girl which looked back, small firm 32 b breasts, slim figure and firm ass. Mike had often wondered what it was like to be a girl and now he could thanks to the tablets he had created.

He headed out to the local leisure centre, he had often wondered what happened inside the girls changing rooms and now he could find out. He walked into the changing room without anyone caring. He looked around the room. He could hardly believe his eyes, girls everywhere all in different stages of undress. Quickly he stripped off changing into his swim suit; it clung to his ass beautifully, before heading into the pool. 

As he climbed out of the pool the cool air made his small puffy nipples harden, pointing through the thin material of the swim suit. Returning to the changing rooms to shower he admired the bodies of the girls already in the changing room. One young girl caught his eye; about 18, long brown hair cascading down her back to a wonderfully formed, firm ass. He could hardly believe his eyes, such a beauty in front of him all thanks to those tablets.

He continued to shower, caressing his womanly body loving the smooth feel of his feminine skin. He noticed the brown haired beauty heading for the shower; she stood next to him and smiled sweetly. He returned the smile and cautiously looked over her stunning body. Two small firm globes on her chest, nipples hard and a well groomed pussy. His heart pounding, it had been so long since he had been this close to a girl, the development of his transformation tablets had taken so much time, but it was all worth it now. 

She lathered her soft body, covering it in soapy bubbles, before letting the warm water rinse it off making her body shine. Mike headed out of the shower and began to change slowly, still admiring the firm body of the brunette. She walked from the shower towards a small cubicle, calling over to Mike

"Could you give me a hand, my dress is awful to zip up on my own?"

Trying not to appear too keen, Mike saunters into the cubicle feeling his heart pounding and his nipples harden. Teasingly the brunette asks

"Do you like what you see?"

Before he could answer, she starts kissing him deeply and passionately, their tongues entwined, her hands softly stoking his firm ass. Feeling more and more aroused by the brown haired beauty he begins to hold her firm ass squeezing gently. She moans softly,

"I'm Beth, nice to meet you."

Stopping himself blurting out Mike, thinking quick,

"...I'm ... Katie."

Beth's firm breast pressed against his chest their hard nipples scratching against each other. Beth breaks of the passionate kiss and lets her tongue trail down to his puffy hard nipples, planting kiss after kiss onto them, trying not to moan too loudly Mike gasps. Beth's small fingers pressed against his pussy, the feeling is so intense he lets out a groan.

Suddenly remembering where they are Beth suggests that they go back to her house. Quickly they dress trying not to draw any attention to themselves and leave heading to Beth's house.

As they enter the small house Beth wastes no time in leading Mike to her bedroom. They kiss passionately again; Mike's hands begin to explore Beth's firm body holding her close. Beth undresses Mike, admiring the firm breasts lapping gently at the puffy nipples in front of her. Mike wiggles with the pleasure he is receiving from Beth's tongue. Beth continues down, finding the swollen clit teasing with her tongue. Moaning louder as Beth's tongue caresses the swollen clit. Mike guides her backup before rolling her over onto her back.

Still amazed at Beth's beauty, his tongue finds her hard nipple and lightly he flicks over it. Beth groans in excitement as he lowers his mouth onto the nipple sucking greedily. His hands caress Beth's thighs making her writhe as he teases. His fingers gently passing over her warm lips; making her gasp, before parting her lips and letting his tongue lick the sweet juices. Beth's begins panting as Mike's tongue continues to lap at her clit his hands squeezing her small breasts feeling her body tense as she lets out a loud moan. 

Still quivering from her orgasm Beth returns to Mike's pussy slowly slipping a finger into his folds, a strange sensation at first although before long he is moaning in ecstasy. Beth's tongue licking gently at his clit. While two of her small fingers massage his pussy, bringing him closer to orgasm with every stroke. Beth continues to rhythmically move her fingers in and out of the wet pussy gathering speed as she feels it tighten around her fingers; moaning loudly Mike's body shakes his pussy tightens and he begins to experience his first female orgasm. 

Exhausted from his orgasm Mike lays on the bed with Beth cuddled next to him, her warm body tight to his. After a few minutes Beth jumps up suddenly, 

"I didn't realise the time! You have to go"

A little shocked Mike quickly begins dressing, enjoying Beth's wonderful body as he does.

"Quick, my boyfriend will be here soon, he can't find us together."

After exchanging numbers Mike heads home, entering his bedroom he begins to feel a little uncomfortable. His cock begins to strain against the white thong. Just in time he thinks as he begins to transform back into a man.