 Beginning in the late 2020s, a strange rumor began to pop up on forum sites. Mysterious posts would appear and then disappear an hour later. They would advertise something called, 'Transformation and Titillation' claiming it was the best game show on the internet followed by a hyperlink and a warning that only those eighteen and older could view the content. 

Strangely, anyone younger than eighteen was unable to access the linked site and everyone else merely saw a 'Please Stand By' screen with strange characters that seemed to countdown to something. While many dismissed this strange website as some kind of prank, some fell into the habit of routinely checking the odd site. For months the site remained the same, until one unassuming Saturday night the screen cut to live video. 

---------------

"Welcome one and all to the best game show on the internet, Transformation and Titillation!" a charismatic voice proclaimed over a wide shot of a generic 70s game show set as a cliche theme song played. 

A figure wearing a featureless silver mask and a form-fitting tuxedo with shoulder-length brown hair appeared on screen. The mask and their thin build made it impossible to discern their gender, and their voice, though full of wit and energy, was also rather androgynous. The sheer confidence radiating from the figure gave them an unmistakable sexual edge, though. 

"I'm your host Ali Almight and, as this is the inaugural episode of Transformation and Titillation! Let me take a minute to tell you all what's in store. Each episode we'll have a new contestant come on and compete in various challenges for cash money and other fabulous prizes. For each challenge they complete they get closer to their heart's desire, however, if they fail or perform poorly they will receive a penalty transformation. 

There are three kinds of transformations - physical, mental, and hybrid - as well as three methods of selecting a transformation - personal choice, audience vote, and by the discretion of your's truly. There are a few other special rules and affordances, but we'll address those as they come up."

Though Ali's face was covered, they executed such a natural and enticing charisma that anyone viewing the show quickly became enticed. 

"And now allow me to introduce the first ever contestant on Transformation and Titillation, Ethan McCormick," Ali declared as the camera changed to a fairly average looking man in his early twenties. He was on the thin side and his white athletic shirt hugged his torso comfortably. His black athletic shorts fell just below his knee and matched his black and red tennis shoes. Between his pale complexion, greasy black hair, and slightly crooked nose; he wasn't quite as attractive as he'd like to be. 

"Um, hi," Ethan began somewhat uncomfortably. "I'm Ethan. I, ah, just finished my Comp. Sci. degree and am looking for a decent job right now. I like video games, comics, and, uh, Game of Thrones."

"Come on Ethan, no need to be nervous. You're the first ever contestant and expectations are as low as your savings account balance. Why don't you tell the folks at home why you're playing today?" Ali asked with a sing-song cadence. 

Wincing at the hurtful joke Ethan answered, "I'm here today because I saw online that I could win enough money to pay off my student loans."

"And why are you hard-up for money to pay your loans back?" Ali inquired. 

"I, uh, do I really have to say?" Ethan asked. 

"If you want the game to start, yes you do," Ali returned. 

With a frustrated sigh, Ethan said, "Ugh, fine. I got blackmailed by a woman I matched with on Tinder. I was drunk and sent her some dick pics and said what I wanted to do to her. She and other women I had done this to somehow got in touch and started working together. They found me on LinkedIn and threatened to send the messages and photos to all of my connections if I didn't send them all of my savings."

"Oof, though luck," Ali replied in a tone that didn't quite convey genuine compassion. "Let's see if you can turn it around in today's terrific challenges and win some prize money!" The camera cut back to Ali as they gestured toward a table of neatly stacked hundred dollar bills. 

Ali continued, "You agreed to compete for eighty thousand dollars today, is that correct?"

"Yes, that should take care of my loans and other debt," Ethan agreed. 

"Fantastic!" Ali professed. "For that prize you'll need to complete four challenges. If you fail any challenge the game will immediately end you'll be sent home. You will also receive penalty transformations based on how heavily you underperform in any of the challenges. Will you please show the audience your Transformation Tag?"

"O-okay," Ethan said as he raised the back of his left hand to the camera. On it were a series of strange characters arranged in a spiral pattern. 

"Wonderful! Are you ready to start, then?"

"Uh, yeah. Let's, let's do this," Ethan answered, trying to muster up confidence. 

"Great!" Ali returned, "This first challenge shouldn't be too hard, but I promise they'll get tougher."

Ali gestured off screen and the camera panned to reveal a basketball hoop, a rack of balls, and a patch of finished hardwood in the shape of a rectangle ending in a half-circle. 

"You'll need to sink ten free-throws in a minute. If you make less than five baskets you lose and if you get less than ten you'll receive a penalty equal to the difference. Make sense?"

"Yeah, I played Basketball in high school, so I think this should be pretty easy," Ethan answered with a bit of genuine optimism. 

With a laugh, Ali said, "I dig that pep! Step over to the court and the countdown will start with your first shot."

Ethan walked over to the mini-court and, after stretching briefly, began shooting. He was a bit more out of practice than he realized, and missed the first several shots. However, his shooting technique returned to him and he began making a few baskets at a time before a few consecutive misses. With twenty seconds left, he had five baskets and began making faster and sloppier attempts in an attempt to as many penalties as possible. His final shot went in the hoop just as the buzzer went off to give Ethan a total of eight successful baskets. 

"Oh, that was a good effort Ethan, but you couldn't quite make it to ten. Looks like you have two penalty transformations in store. I'll go easy on you, though, and make these transformations entirely at your discretion." 

"For the first penalty you can choose between Ta-Ta For Now, Swing Low Sweet Chariot, or Pay to Play," Ali said. 

"Um, can you tell me what each of those transformations do?" Ethan questioned. 

"Sorry Ethan, it wouldn't be nearly as fun if you knew exactly what you were in store for," Ali explained. 

"Okay, um..." Ethan trailed off as he considered his choices. He had no clue what any of them had in store, but really didn't like the sound of Pay to Play. Thinking Ta-Ta For Now might be temporary, he figured that was his best option. 

"I'll go with Ta-Ta For Now Ali," Ethan decided. 

"Oh, good choice! Next up, will you go with Hustling Hair, Flavor Town, or Ba-Ba Bump?"

"I guess, Ba-Ba Bump? I have no idea what any of these could do," Ethan admitted. 

"Haha, fair enough," Ali responded with a laugh, "Beginning transformations now."

Ethan quickly began to feel an odd sensation in his chest and butt. At first it felt like he was flexing those muscles, but that quickly turned into a feeling closer to stretching and inflation. As the process went on, it quickly changed from a strange to arousing sensation. As the process came to an end, a warm feeling remained that left Ethan panting and his vision hazy. As Ethan regained clarity, he looked into a mirror that seemed to materialize while he was distracted by the transformation. 

"What the hell!" Ethan shouted in disbelief. "I have tits!"

"Don't forget about that beautiful butt!" Ali chided, jokingly. 

Turning to get a profile, perspective Ethan saw that his chest and rear were unrecognizable to him. On his torso rested an impressive set of perky breasts that had to be at least D cups. His ass also expanded and firmed up into an impressive bubble butt that one could usually only gain after thousands of squats. Oddly, his clothing also seemed to change with the transformations. His shirt was quite a bit tighter than it was previously and road up to expose more of his midriff than it should have, even with the transformation. His shorts were now closer to yoga shorts and stretched tightly over his expanded ass. They also had the added effect of showing off his semi-hard cock as it pushed against the stretchy material. 

"Am I, am I wearing a bra?" Nathan asked in surprise. 

"You are!" Ali confirmed. "We can't have you showing off too much of the goods too quickly."

"Is this magic? How, how is this possible? I didn't think the changes would be so big or feel so real," Ethan questioned as he cupped and squeezed his newly formed breasts. 

"Sorry Ethan, that's a trade secret I'm afraid. It's time to get onto the next challenge anyway." 

"Wait," Ethan interrupted. "Is there any way to turn me back to normal or is this forever?"

"You're going to have to save your questions until the end of the show Ethan," Ali informed with a definitive tone. "Next up is an obstacle course." With a theatrical hand wave, the camera panned once more to reveal an inflatable obstacle course. It was mostly a mustard yellow in color, but few parts were red. Beginning with a tunnel entrance, the inflatable course transitioned into a pit filled with cushioned pillars rising from the ground, a pseudo-climbing wall, a slide, and a waist-high ball pit where a short series of steps would let someone leave the course. Almost randomly obstacles, balls, and patches of material on the sides and floor of the inflatable course were colored red. 

"All you have to do is get through the course in forty-five seconds or less. However, for each red patch you touch you'll receive a penalty," explained Ali.

"Okay. Um, do I get turned back to normal before we start or..." Ethan trailed off. 

"You're going as is buddy." Ali informed. 

"Figures," Ethan said with a sigh. 

He took a single step and immediately realized how difficult this challenge would be. His large breasts and well padded ass completely threw off his center of gravity. Moreover, each step caused his new assets to wiggle and bounce in a way completely alien to him. He realized by the time he reached the course that, while he could still easily reach the end within the time limit, avoiding the red spots was going to be a challenge. 

"As soon as you're ready sugar tits," Ali jeered. 

With an eye roll, Ethan began to stretch the muscles in his arms, legs, core, and back in an effort to loosen up and gain a better sense of his body's new proportions. Of course, when he bent over to touch his toes the camera zoomed in so that his plush butt filled the screen for several seconds. Then, when he leaned backwards the camera panned down from his nearly bursting tits to the outline of his slowly hardening member. 

"Okay," Ethan exhaled before diving headfirst into the obstacle course. A groan quickly escaped his lips as he landed chest-first onto the inflatable floor and realized that his new chest is a lot more sensitive than his previous one. 

Ignoring the dull pain, Ethan quickly scrambled to his feet and began weaving in between the inflated pillars. Pushing some away, but careful to avoid the red ones, Ethan easily cleared this section of the course. He quickly scaled the inflated climbing wall, but his hand touched an unseen red patch at the top as he attempted to pull himself up. That patch of fabric immediately changed to a brighter red as a loud buzz rang out. More concerning to Ethan, though, a wave of ecstasy passed through Ethan as soon as his hand touched the red patch. 

His new nipples were hard in an instant, and his now rock hard dick stretched his tight shorts into a very noticeable tent. Ignoring his newfound arousal, Ethan started sliding down the inflatable slide on his hands and knees, unintentionally raising his plush behind high into the air in the process. Unfortunately, he didn't think to look ahead to where he'd land in the ball pit and a red ball hit him in the center of his forehead as he went headfirst into the waste deep pit. 

His awkward landing also cost him time as he had to regain his footing while simultaneously suppressing his growing horniness. As he stood up he heard Ali announce,

"Ten seconds remaining, Ethan."

"Shit," Ethan muttered as he sprinted as quickly as he could to the finish, only barely paying attention to the red balls as he went. 

With three seconds remaining and two additional waves of pleasure further turning him on, Ethan finished the challenge with three seconds to spare. 

"Ooooh, little sloppy that time Ethan. Looks like you have four penalty transformations coming up," Ali said with mock disappointment. 

"Ugh, whatever. Let's get this over with," Ethan said dismissively, trying and failing to cover his bulging cock. 

"This time we'll have the transformations take effect one by one. You can pick the first two, but the audience at home gets to select the last two. First up you can choose between Prosperous Perspiration, Phara-MOANS, and Fetish Fest."

Ethan didn't care for any of these, even though he could reasonably guess what each would do. Fetish Fest was completely out of the question as he had no intention of gaining any kind of weird kink. Prosperous Perspiration sounded intense and he didn't want to stand out by sweating through his clothes all the time. Although, he realized he already stood out quite a bit with his ridiculous ass and tits. He settled on Phara-MOANS and briefly hoped that the change would affect women enough that they'd ignore his newly acquired assets. 

"I'll go with Phara-MOANS," Ethan said. 

"Oooooh, good choice," Ali stated followed by a snap of his fingers. 

Ethan only felt a slight sensation wash over him for a moment, but saw no obvious changes to his body. As he inspected himself he only barely notice that his body smelled slightly different than it had before and that he had on odd taste in his mouth. 

"This change is a bit more subtle than your last few," Ali explained. "Your sweat now releases an aroma that invigorates those around to smell it. The more you sweat the stronger the effect. Oh, your saliva is also basically distilled Viagra now; although it will work on both men and women. Of course, as the emitter of these pheromoans, while you will notice a difference in how you smell and how your spit tastes, but they will not affect you as they would others."

"Great. I can't wait to make a bunch of dudes horny," Ethan said sarcastically as he somewhat loudly moved his tongue around in his mouth. 

"With that figure, you were already making a bunch of people horny," Ali chided before moving on. "Next up you get to choose from: Odd Slob, Brain Drain, or Shrinky Dink."

"Shrinky Dink," Ethan answered quickly, not liking the sound of the first two choices whatsoever. 

"Fair enough," Ali responded before snapping. 

In what felt like a force pushing against Ethan from every angle, he began to shrink. Ethan didn't find the feeling unpleasant necessarily, just a bit suffocating and concerning as he had no clue how small he'd become. After nearly a minute the process came to an end and he opened his eyes to find him staring into another mirror with a red line marking how tall he stood before the process began. 

"Shrinky Dink rounds your height down to the nearest foot. You were previously 5'10 and now stand at 5 even. If you get that penalty transformation again, though, you'll shrink down to a diminutive 4 feet even. How ya feelin' Ethan?" 

"So, you shortened my arms and clothes to match my new height but didn't shrink my ass or tits?" Ethan asked crossley, staring at his even larger seeming bust and rear. 

"Haha, not a chance short stuff," Ali joked. "We're trying to grow an audience after all and I doubt people want to see such great features shrink away. But now let's find out what the audience does want to see!"

"For those watching at home three transformations options and their effects will appear on your screen shortly, please select the one you'd most like to see applied to Ethan. If one transformation has multiple possible effects, a drop-down menu will let you make further selectins. All inputs remain anonymous and your participation is greatly appreciated," Ali explained. 

"Wait, so I don't have any say at all in these next two transformations?" Ethan asked, concerned. 

"That's correct, you're at the mercy of the internet Ethan. Good luck!" Ali said in a singsong tone that seemed especially cruel in this situation. 

Different shots of a concerned-looking Ethan's body played on screen under the three transformation options given to the audience. Many viewers were hesitant to directly participate in the young man's suffering while others quickly selected their preferred transformation. 

"The votes are in and the people have selected..." Ali said, pausing for suspense.

"Fresh Cut!" Ali finished with a clap as Ethan's hair began to grow and lighten. Within seconds his formally short and greasy hair became a luscious mane of slightly tressed platinum blond hair. Falling to the middle of his back, Ethan stared into the mirror mouth agape as he suddenly had salon quality hair that'd cost most women hundreds of dollars. 

"I mean...this isn't anything a haircut and dye job can't fix, right?" Ethan asked hopefully. 

"Sorry Blondy," Ali answered. "I'm afraid any alterations to your hair's color or cut won't last long. You'll find it'll return back to this fabolous do the next morning. Although, I don't think you'll have any trouble if you want to put it in a fun braid or some cute twintails."

"Ugh, no," Ethan returned with absolute disgust. 

"Well, we'll see if you come around to the idea," Ali said with a wink in his voice. "Next up for our audience to choose, we have Beach Bod, Hot Dom!, and Hustling Hair. Let's see which one our fine audience at home, oh! Looks like we've hit 51 percent on a transformation already. Credit where it's due, you folks know what you like. And that is Beach Bod!

With a dramatic wave towards Ethan, the most dramatic transformation yet began. As Ethan's bones began to shift, his muscles tear and reform, and his clothes melt and reshape; he thought that it should have been incredibly painful. Instead, though, he felt pleasant warmness build within him and radiate throughout his body. He lost himself in the pleasure of the transformation for several moments, mouth agape in soundless ecstasy of it. As the transformation ended and he regained his senses, Ethan could still feel that heat smolder in his throbbing cock and sensitive tits. 

"Oooooh, fun." Ali commented, "Open your eyes and take a look at yourself, you beach bunny."

Ethan did just that, and his mouth quickly feel agape as he stared into the mirror lowered in front of him. His skin now had a deep and healthy tan, the kind you could only get from countless hours in the summer sun. His stomach was now totally flat and every muscle on his body was well toned, as though he spent hours fighting against waves while swimming at the beach. His large perky tits were contained only by a small, bright yellow bikini top and the swollen purple head of his cock poked out of his tiny, yellow thong bikini bottoms. 

"This change is both physical and mental. On top of your new water friendly figure, you'll find it thoroughly uncomfortable to wear anything that isn't considered a swimsuit." Ali explained. 

"I quit." Ethan simply stated. "I don't care about the money anymore. Just...just change me back and let me go home." 
