 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

I would like to thank my editor ArilynWriter for her awesome assistance in helping to clean up the mess that my writing can sometimes be.

*****

I could feel the goosebumps across my skin as the freezing cold water sprayed into my hair and down my body, the tile wall cool against my forehead. I must have been standing under the nozzle for at least an hour and the hot water was long since gone, my hands and feet wrinkled and tender. Finally twisting the knob I shut the water off and stepped out the shower, snagging a towel off the rack. Wrapping my hair up in the towel I walked out into my bedroom and stood in front of the fan enjoying the feeling of the water evaporating off my skin. 

Glancing at the bed I couldn't help smiling as I recalled the previous night's activities as I was finally able to surprise Tiffany and tie her down. For two hours I tortured and teased her using feathers, leather, hot wax, and a little ice. Unlike when I was tied up I didn't bother with the gag or blindfold. I wanted her to see what was coming and I wanted to hear every little gasp and moan. The red ropes still tied to the head and footboard lay crumpled on the floor as a pleasant reminder.

It had been a week since I'd watched my jeep burn to the ground in the Lucky's parking lot and the money from my insurance company was supposed to have been deposited by today. It had only taken the fire department investigator about a minute to determine the cause as arson with the remains of a road flare sitting on the driver's side floorboard. The couple of witnesses said they saw two girls around the jeep, but didn't think anything of it until it burst into flames. At least from the description I was able to tell the police who the second person was. Tina was Heather's best friend and was supposed to have been her maid of honor. I wonder if Heather knows she wasn't the only one I fucked the week we got engaged. Yeah, I was a bit of a man whore.

Devin was going to be picking me up around eleven to drive me to the dealership so I had almost an hour to kill. Tiffany had been picked up by Mike earlier this morning to go visit their grandparents. I was a little disappointed that I wasn't invited, but I understood why. It only took me a few minutes to pick out my clothes, but I was in no hurry to get dressed.

Taking a couple of minutes to make the bed I could still smell Tiffany's intoxicating scent wafting from sheets; we had been sharing my bed since the previous weekend and had made love every night. This would be the first time in a week I'd slept alone as Tiffany wasn't due back until tomorrow. Crawling into the bed I closed my eyes and wrapped myself in the delicious scent.

The cool air from my fan combined with my damp skin soon caused little waves of pleasure to flow through me as my nipples, already kept hard from the piercings, twisted and stood up even further. My breath, calm and relaxed to this point, quickened as my hands started to explore, caressing the soft skin. Up and across my belly and between my breasts my fingers danced across the skin before cupping my breasts. Running my fingers across my nipples I could feel every little bump and ridge of my half dollar sized areola. I'd never really explored my body, but this seemed like a perfect time. 

My eyes drifting shut; wrapped in the embrace of Tiffany's scent I began to picture her body above me. I could feel her hands on me; cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples, twisting the golden rings. Her mouth and her tongue flicking and licking me causing me to writhe in pleasure. "Oh god," I moaned as my hand drifted down between my legs, my middle finger running between the moist lips. I kept the pressure light not wanting to penetrate too deeply just yet as I explored, the moisture clinging to my finger. Dragging my finger along the length of my slit I jumped as the sensations screamed through my body when I brushed my clit. 

It was tempting focus on my clit, but I wanted more than that. Moving my hand back down I pushed my finger deep inside me as I twisted my nipple. "Hmmm yes," I called out, my moaning filling the room. Pinching and twisting my nipples I slid a second finger into my pussy, my hips lifting off the bed. I started out slowly, but in time my fingers were plunging in and out, the squelching of my juices easily heard. As my hand clutched the sheets I could feel the pressure building in my lower abdomen. Pulling my fingers out I began to rub my clit in fast circles as my free hand pulled on my nipple ring. As the orgasm broke over me the muscles in my stomach clenched and I was sitting up as my pussy spasmed around my fingers. Finally collapsing back on the bed with my breath coming in heaving gasps I slowly dipped my fingers back into my pussy before bringing them to my mouth sucking them clean.

"That has to be the sexiest thing I have ever seen," Devin said leaning against the doorway. I should have been mad, but the haze off my orgasm just had me too relaxed. "Sorry Mike told me where the spare key was at and when you didn't answer my knocking I just let myself in," Devin said, "We still have a few minutes before we should leave." I was incredibly relaxed, but was suddenly in the mood for something more. 

"Devin," I said sitting up on the side of the bed, "come here." I'm sure he thought I wanted some help getting up, but that wasn't the case. Walking to the side of the bed he held out his hand in expectation of me getting up. "I'm going to give you a choice," I said smiling lustily up at him, "you can either help me up and we can go or you can unzip those jeans and let me suck your cock; your choice, Devin." I'm surprised it took as long as it did for him to decide. 

The fact that Devin wasn't wearing any underwear made me laugh as his hard cock sprang out as soon as he undid the buttons. Really guys if you're going to go commando in jeans get button fly, far less chance of permanent damage. Grabbing his wrists I put them behind his back. "You don't get to touch," I said as I slowly stroked him, "if I feel your hands I stop and will not restart, understand?" 

I didn't wait for him to respond before running my tongue across the head and swirling it around. I knew we had things to do, but I wanted to enjoy this and Devin was already moaning wonderfully. Keeping my tongue out I ran it around the crown encircling the ridge before flicking the very tip to get a taste of his precum. I savored the flavor as it flowed onto my tongue before lifting his cock to lick down the shaft. Gently sucking the underside of his shaft I worked my way closer to his balls. Even though most everything about me now comes from Gandalf's little rewire job I've decided I really don't care, I love the feel of Devin's cock against my lips and tongue. The soft smooth skin over the iron hard shaft feels and tastes so good; I love sucking cock. 

Pushing Devin back a step I dropped down to my knees to get a better angle at his balls. "Fuck that's good," he moaned as I ran my tongue around his sack. Pulling them into my mouth one at a time I sucked gently rolling them around on my tongue. Releasing his balls I ran my tongue along his length before taking the head back into my mouth and swirling my tongue around it. Gently nipping at the head to get his attention, I stared up at Devin as I worked most of his cock into my mouth before sealing my lips and beginning a slowly rhythm of heavy suction.

Wrapping my hand around the base of his cock I began to vary the way I was sucking him, sometimes slow and deep others fast and shallow. I was impressed at how long Devin was lasting as I'd been sucking him for at least fifteen minutes and he was just now showing signs he was close. After a couple more minutes I knew he was almost done so I pulled off his cock. "Where do you want to cum," I asked slowly stroking him, "on my face or in my mouth."

"In your mouth," he moaned drawing ever closer, "I want to see you swallowing my cum."

Resting back on my heels I released his cock and looked up at him. "Jerk off into my mouth," I said holding my mouth open as I waited. Quickly grasping my meaning he grabbed his cock and resting the head on my bottom lip began to stroke. It only took him three or four strokes before I felt his cum splashing into my mouth and I waited patiently as he squeezed out every last drop. I knew he was finally done when he stumbled slightly as he backed up. With my eyes locked on his I closed my mouth and swallowed; only opening so I could show him my mouth was empty. 

"Fuck, you are amazing you know that," Devin said as he stuffed his cock back into his jeans, "I really need to find a girlfriend like you."

"Devin, I think you will find that getting a girl who enjoys sex as much as I do isn't that hard," I told him as I got dressed in my usual daisy dukes and tank top outfit, "you're a really sweet guy who got a really bad deal from a cunt. You will find someone far more amazing than me. That's the least you deserve."

I was brushing my hair in the mirror when Devin came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. "Sara," he said pulling me back against him, "what if I don't want anyone else." Oh fuck me this was going to be a disaster because I like Devin, but as a friend nothing more. I was going to be forced to friend zone him. Ok maybe not the traditional friend zone since I still plan on fucking him, but close.

I was going to have to be blunt about this. Turning in his arms I reached up and took his face in my hands. "Devin," I said looking up into his eyes, "Tiffany and I are together and we love each other. I know that's not what you want to hear, but it's the truth." I could see the pain in his eyes and it's something I never will forget. "I can be your friend, but that's it. Well maybe not entirely just that unless you have other friends who love sucking your cock and having you bend them over and fuck them." 

The pain retreated some and a smile came to his face. "No, I can definitely say I don't have any other friends quite like that," Devin said, his hands cupping on my ass, "So you and Tiffany huh? Any chance I could watch?" The smile on his face had grown to a full on shit eating grin.

"No, Devin, I'm sorry; you won't be able to watch," I said pausing several long moments watching his face fall, "but joining in is a completely different matter." Guys are so easy to mess with sometimes. Isn't it funny how some people you can almost, quite literally, see the wheels turning in their head. That was the look on his face as he processed what I said and quickly the lopsided grin returned. 

Extracting myself from his arms I slipped into my sandals and bent over to do the straps. I felt Devin's hands on my hips as he pressed his crotch against me, his rock hard cock easily felt through the denim. "This is what you do to me Sara," he said grinding hard against me causing my pussy to flood, "I'm like this all the time around you." There was something in the way he was asserting his dominance that I really liked, and I was forced to fight with myself as part of me really wanted to let him just take me right there. 

Standing up and stepping away we were both breathing heavily and I raised my hand as he moved towards me. "Devin, stop," I said fighting through the haze of my lust, "not right now ok. I have things I need to get done today, but I promise you we will come back to this." I really hoped he wouldn't push the issue as I had no illusions about my ability to say no. If he had any inkling how turned on I was he would be fucking me in twenty seconds flat.

"Alright," Devin said adjusting his cock in his jeans, "let's get going then." I was so fucking wet I'm surprised I wasn't leaving a trail on the ground. I made a quick phone call to confirm the deposit then we were off. The drive to the dealership was just long enough I was able to get myself focused and my mind clear although it certainly helped that Devin kept his hands to himself. The way Devin was asserting himself earlier didn't feel all that different from Tiffany's control even though I was able to tell him no. I really need to find an outlet other than sex for my excess energy. 

"Devin pull over," I suddenly yelled my hands pointing like a little kid in a toy store, "Pull over right there." We were almost to the dealership when I had spotted a bikini bike wash going on in front of the Harley Davidson dealer. I'm pretty certain I scared the crap out of Devin based on how he suddenly swerved and had to slam on the brakes to make the turn. Pulling into a parking spot he didn't say anything, but just glared at me for a moment. "Sorry," I said somewhat sheepishly, unable to hide the big grin crossing my face.

Climbing out of the truck I wasn't sure what I wanted to look at first; the awesome looking bikes or the group of sexy ass girls in the bikinis. Deciding to get my bike fix first we walked into the dealership the cold air from the air conditioning making my nipples even more prominent under the thin tank top. We had managed to pick the entrance for the clothing section and I instantly knew I was going to owe Devin for I was about to do something very female: shopping. 

I'm sure Tiffany would have been proud of me the way I dragged Devin around the section picking out t-shirts and tank tops and all different assortments of clothes. I had already made the decision I was getting a bike today so I was also trying on jeans and boots everything I could think of. I must have spent a good forty five minutes just trying everything on, but since I was also getting underwear as well I made sure Devin, and well anyone else in the area, got a good show. In the end I decided I was getting everything I had picked out, which made Devin's eyes almost pop out of his head when, Lisa according to her name tag, rang it all up. 

"Hey Sara," Devin said as the girl was checking everything out, "there is a guy over in the other area who looks a lot like that picture you have on your bookshelf." This caught my attention as the picture he was referring to was of me in my dress blues. Leaning back so I could look around him I saw Aaron, Heather's ex and my almost twin, talking with some people. What surprised me was the fact he was wearing a dealership shirt and appeared to work here, although everyone has to work somewhere and I can easily think of worse places.

"Oh that's Aaron," I told Devin, "Heather's ex-boyfriend. I didn't know he worked here until you pointed him out." 

"He's yummy," Lisa said as she finished bagging all my stuff, "and I hear he's got amazing hands; although, from what I hear, his ex is running from the cops for almost beating some girl to death for sleeping with him. Heather was a basket case anyways. I hated when she would come in here to see him."

"Lisa," I said smiling as I gathered up all my bags, "I can assure you of a couple of things. You're absolutely right about Heather being a complete psycho, and yes, Aaron does have amazing hands, along with other appendages. The three weeks I was in the hospital were almost worth it, but she also burned my jeep to the ground." This wasn't the best choice of things to say in front of Devin. 

Had I been paying more attention, I would have seen the anger flare in Devin's eyes. I didn't realize exactly what was going on until I saw Lisa's eyes grow wide and here Devin yell, "It's your fault she got hurt you son of a bitch." Spinning around I saw Devin facing off with Aaron who looked as if he was recovering from being pushed. Confusion reigned on Aaron's face until his eyes caught me as I crossed the store heading towards them. 

I was pissed; pissed because I had talked to Devin about this already, and thought we had it worked out. Pissed because I didn't need Devin getting in a rage at someone who is not to blame. Pissed because I don't need someone defending me. I could feel my anger rising as I crossed the room, and I could see the two of them starting to get into it. Personally I don't blame Aaron in the slightest for defending himself. 

I felt a large hand wrap around my wrist in an attempt to keep me out of the way. It didn't work as I was able to pull my hand away as if his grip was nothing. Everything seemed to go into slow motion for me as I approached them. I saw Aaron begin to throw a punch that seemed to be crawling through the air as I stepped between them. Reaching out I intended to simply separate them by pushing them apart; as with many things in my life this did not go as planned. As my palms touched their chests everything suddenly jumped to full speed and my gentle separating push dropped them both onto their collective asses. 

They both stared up at me and the silence in the room was deafening. I knew I had moved faster than by any rights I should have and I was already well aware of my strength when I get angry. Standing there between them I realized I had not even exerted myself in the slightest; my breath was calm and easy and my heart only slightly elevated. "Get the fuck up off the floor the two of you," I said my gaze traveling from one to the other, "Devin, I don't know exactly what the fuck you were trying to accomplish, but it fucking failed miserably. Aaron, I'm sorry, and once Devin pulls his head out of his ass I'm sure he will be apologizing and explaining what exactly has his panties in such a fucking knot."

The room was still quiet after my little tirade until one of the grizzled old bikers waiting for his bike to finish being serviced decided to speak up. "Someone remind me never to piss her the fuck off," he said, "she is an old school biker bitch." Since I was fully intending on riding out of here I had changed and instead of daisy dukes and sandals I was in black leather with boots, my tight black tank top the same as I wore in. The entire room cracked up at his comment, myself included, and I stalked off to cool down and look at the bikes. 

It didn't take me long to decide on a bike, but I had to laugh as the salespeople were all going out of their way to give me as much space as I wanted. Looking over at the boys it appeared at least they were talking so I waved Aaron over. "So, do you boys have your testosterone in check finally," I asked as they both came over.

"Sara," Devin quickly said, "I'm sorry. I heard what you said and I just lost my head for a minute." I could see he was going to get himself in a twist again and decided to defuse it. Walking over to him I reached up and pulled Devin's mouth to mine. Pushing my tongue into his mouth I explored as his hands took a hold of my waist. I'll say one thing for the men in my life, not a single one is a bad kisser. Finally breaking away from Devin I stepped over to Aaron and pulling him against me repeated the kiss.

"Devin," I said finally stepping away from Aaron, "it's over ok, just let it be. I'm healed and healthy and in the mood to buy a bike, so let me do that before anything else happens." Walking through the bikes I finally came to the one I wanted, a 2002 Night Train. "That one right there," I told Aaron, "how long to add saddle bags and get her prepped to go?"

"Let me get a couple of guys to pull it out and they can get started," he said waving a guy over, "if you can show me which bags you want we can start the paperwork while they set it up." Pointing to the bags and mount I wanted Aaron showed them to the prep guys. I was going to need to call Rick as I was still going to be getting a replacement jeep, just not today. The paperwork didn't take as long as Aaron thought simply because I was buying outright, not financing, so he called a sandwich place he liked and ordered us lunch. 
