 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

I would like to thank my editor ArilynWriter for her awesome assistance in helping to clean up the mess that my writing can sometimes be.

*****

I had gone to bed dreaming of a pleasant wake up by Tiffany, hopefully with a tasty pussy full of cum for me lick clean. Unfortunately it was not meant to be and the blonde who woke me up was about as far from being Tiffany as was possible. "Wake the fuck up you useless whore," Heather screamed in my face, "you're missing all the entertainment that little Tiffany and her sweet pussy is going to provide. Of course it will only be a stretched out hole after the festivities." 

At the sound of her voice I threw myself from the bed and was getting ready to seriously cripple the bitch. "Don't even think of touching me you cunt," Heather said backing up towards the door, "Paul has Tiffany well under control, but I promise if you hurt me you will regret it. I suggest you hurry before the party begins." Watching Heather scamper out the door I went in search of my phone just to find out the time. Fuck me, I slept more than thirteen hours, repairs took longer than I thought.

Slipping into a pair of shorts I opened the curtains and looked out at the yard. The music had been lowered to a less ear assaulting level and I could see the crowd was all facing towards the back of the yard. I could easily see Paul standing facing the crowd with Tina standing next to Tiffany who didn't appear completely focused. Heather was making her way through the crowd and soon stood next to Tiffany. There also appeared to be a large multi colored wheel behind them, the type you see at street carnivals.

Sprinting through the house I broke out into the backyard and started pushing my way through the crowd. I could hear Paul's voice clearly over the music, "Ladies and Gentlemen as you know each year we get one volunteer from the bevy of sexy young women who spins the wheel. Whatever number it lands on is how many of you lucky guys she will entertain," now I knew what Heather meant by being the entertainment. "Now ladies," Paul said, "if you are feeling up to the challenge you can always take her place, but only after the spin and your number will be double of hers; alright Tiffany time to spin the wheel."

"Woo Hoo," I heard Tiffany yell. Now I knew she wasn't in her right mind. Tiffany says lots of things when she is excited, but woo hoo is not one of them. As I continued through the crowd I could hear the click clack of the pointer as the wheel spun. It didn't matter to me what she spun I was taking her place then getting us the fuck out of here. Breaking through the front of the crowd I heard the wheel come to a stop and a loud cheer erupt. Looking at the wheel I could see it had landed on the narrowest strip of the wheel with the number twenty five. Fuck me.

"So ladies," Paul said to the crowd while his eyes were locked with mine, "Tiffany here spun the biggest number possible, twenty five. Are any of you sexy young women ready to take on fifty guys or will you leave poor Tiffany to her fate. Guys, be sure to check your tickets so you get your chance, remember any hole you want." I'm not sure what Heather's connection to Paul was, but every last one of these motherfuckers was going to pay.

"I'll take her place," I yelled my voice carrying over the music. The crowd fell silent and the music died as I made my way forward. Moving to Tiffany I took her hands and was startled by how hot her skin was. "What the fuck did you give her," I screamed at Heather. Pulling Tiffany away I sat her on the ground and looking her over for anything obvious. "Tiffany can you hear me," I said looking into her eyes which were glassy and couldn't seem to focus.

"Hi baby," Tiffany said, her voice super sweet and bubbly, "isn't the party fun. I told you it would be."

"Yeah Tiff it's a blast," I said plastering a big smile on my face, "now stay here ok. I have to take care of something then we are going to go."

"Ok Sara," Tiffany said, "I love you."

"I love you too Tiffany," I said leaving her sitting on the ground. Walking over to Paul and Heather I was surprised to see Paul bitching Heather out.

"I'm sorry Sara," Paul said catching me by surprise, "Heather was told not to do anything to Tiffany and she doesn't listen very well as I am sure you are aware. She will be paying for that transgression very shortly." Taking my arm Paul pulled me aside. "I will let you know this," he said almost conspiratorially, "the more you enjoy this, the less Heather will." As he stepped away I realized he was right. While I wasn't really looking forward to fucking fifty guys if I just focused on the pleasure and enjoyed myself it would piss Heather off to no end.

"Alright guys if your ticket has number 145 to 195 line up, the rest you just get to watch or find a partner and enjoy them," Paul yelled to the crowd, "Sara if you will come over this way please." I was really surprised at how he was acting towards me. He almost seemed apologetic about the whole thing. "I'll hold on to those if you want," Paul said indicating my shorts. Slipping them off I handed them to him. 

Paul led me over to what looked like a pale blue kids pool with only one of the rings inflated, just several times larger. "Paul," I asked standing in the middle of the ring looking at Tina who was carrying a bucket of something, "Heather said if I hurt her you would hurt Tiffany, does that apply to Tina?"

"Sara," Paul said smiling, "I know what you are thinking and just wait until the end. I never said any such thing about Tiffany; I care too much about her and have no interest in her or anyone else being hurt. All of this was about you. Go ahead Tina." It turns out the bucket she was carrying was filled with some kind of oil as I discovered when Tina poured it over my head. Brushing the oil out of my face I ran my hands over my body to spread out the lube. I found myself getting excited about this entire endeavor as I was about to be more thoroughly fucked than was normally possible. I wanted to ask him what he meant by it was for me, but there wasn't time.

"Ok first two guys," Paul yelled out leaving the ring and sitting in a chair to watch, "remember you can fuck her where you want and cum where you want, but once you cum you are done. Leave the ring for the next guy. Enjoy."

Looking at Heather I could see the malicious grin on her face as the first two guys stepped up to me. As they began to run their hands over my body I focused on making sure I enjoyed this as much as possible. Resting my hands on the thighs of the one behind me I could feel his hard cock slipping between the cheeks of my ass as he enjoyed the oil. The one in front pushed his fingers into me as he twisted my nipple ring. My moans were filling the air as I was going out of my way to be loud. Glancing over at Heather her evil grin was gone and she appeared to be squirming around in her chair. 

"Are you boys going to tease me or fuck me," I asked as they continued to explore. My comment got the desired results as I found myself suddenly bent over and a hard cock pushing into my pussy. Feeling the cock sliding between my lips and opening me up caused a moan which was stifled by a cock pushing into my mouth. I don't know what the oil was made of, but even covered in it I could still taste the absolute maleness of his cock on my tongue. Wrapping his fingers into my hair he pushed into my mouth until he hit the back of my throat. Deciding incorrectly I didn't want him in my throat he pulled back and soon I was being fucked from both directions.

My first orgasm and what appeared to be Heather's were both triggered by the guy fucking me filling me with cum. I was crying out around the cock in my mouth when I heard Heather's cry's as well. Glancing over at her I was shocked to see her in the same position I was, standing up and bend over her mouth open as if she was sucking a cock. The really strange part was no one seemed to notice. 

When the first guy stepped away he was quickly replaced and I was pushed to my knees. Still holding my hair the guy in my mouth pulled out and was soon spraying his cum all over my open mouth and face as the replacement was pushing into my ass. The fourth guy came in and soon I was straddling him, the two of them fucking me with abandon soon to be joined by the fifth, who filled my mouth.

I didn't bother keeping count after that, the guys or the orgasms. I really have no idea how long I was in there, fucking guy after guy. I never felt myself get tired or even the slightest bit sore. Sometimes it was two guys, others it was three. I swallowed at least ten loads of cum with equal amounts leaking out of my pussy and my ass. The rest covered my face and body, the oil preventing it from drying in the summer sun. It was the fifth guy who discovered my lack of gag reflex so every guy I sucked decided to fuck my throat.

It didn't matter how many cocks filled my holes I could feel my body repairing itself, keeping my pussy and my ass as tight on the fiftieth cock as it was on the first. As I swallowed load after load the salty sweet flavor exploded on my tongue every time drawing louder and louder moans from me. Even when two guys pushed their cocks into my pussy together, fucking and filling my pussy together, I never felt any pain as they opened me up. I can't say the same for Heather.

The entire time I was being fucked, it didn't matter what position I was in Heather was in the same, a look of confused pleasure on her face as the cocks filling me filled her. As I screamed, moaned, or squirted she did the same, her body wracked in pleasure as she rolled around on the ground unnoticed. Some of her screams however seemed to coincide with things that should have hurt but didn't. When a huge cock pushed into my ass in one thrust all I felt was the intense pleasure, but the scream from her was blood curdling.

I was on my back for the final guy. He was fucking me with my legs on his shoulders pounding into me, his cock feeling as amazing as the first. It was then after forty nine loads of cum that a truly evil plan came to mind. Despite all of her thrashing about Heather had never taken her eyes off of me so she saw as I pulled him between my legs, wrapping them around him. She knew she was feeling the pain I wasn't, so when she saw me bring his hands to my throat she started to panic.

"Don't stop unless I pass out," I said taking my hands from his, "I'm going to fight you, but don't stop fucking me." I could feel as his hands tightened around my throat, his thumbs digging into my larynx, cutting off my air and the blood flow to my brain. I knew my face was a dark red and my breath was in forced gasps through my nose. I fought fiercely with him, scratching and hitting, as he savagely fucked me. Something about this had unleashed a beast inside him. 

For long minutes he violently fucked me, brutally pounding into me bruising my inner thighs, his hands doing their best to strangle the life out of me. I knew my body would be bruised and battered, but I didn't care, this savage fuck was exactly what I wanted. I didn't bother to look at Heather as I could hear her strangled gasping and crying, but either my plan would work or it wouldn't. I came almost constantly as he throttled me, the sensations from the lack of blood to my brain causing me to cum even easier than normal. Slamming his cock into me one last time I felt his cum spraying inside me, coating my insides, as he released my throat 

The sudden influx of oxygen to my body and flow of blood to my brain causing an euphoria unlike anything I've ever experienced. I clutched to him as the orgasm ripped through me, my nails digging into his back slicing through the skin, my screaming impaired by the damage to my throat. Finally releasing him he moved off of me and I dragged myself to my feet. My body was covered in cum and oil, I could feel the semen leaking out of my pussy and my ass running down my legs. Unlike the other times I wasn't wiped out, I felt incredible as if every fiber of my being was pumped with energy. 

"Heather wake up," Tina said shaking Heather, "She won't wake up, someone call for help." Looking down I could see her chest was slowly rising and falling. Strangely enough while she felt the effects of what was happening to me her body didn't bear any of the marks. Well it was worth a try, but I'm not sure how I would feel if she really had died. 

Ignoring Tina I went over to Tiffany wanting to make sure she was ok. She was standing on her own and she looked like her usual self although her face was a challenge to read. "Did I seriously just watch you fuck fifty guys so I wouldn't have to fuck twenty five," Tiffany asked as I got to her. Yep she's back to her normal self. "Thank you though," she said, "I really do appreciate it. I wasn't thinking straight for some reason."

"Tiffany," I said, "I love you and would do anything for you. You have helped me so much since all of this started and if it takes standing here with the cum of forty guys dripping off of me to keep you safe then that's what I will do."

"I love you too Sara," she said wiping cum from my face before pulling me into a deep kiss. Our bodies clung to each other as we both tried to pull each other closer. I knew she would be covered in cum, but it was obvious that she didn't care and neither did I. 

"You two truly do love each other don't you," Paul said standing next to us. Not wanting to let go of each other we both just nodded. "It was always going to happen no matter what I did," Paul said pulling up a chair, "have a seat this will take a few minutes." Pulling up a chair we both sat holding hands. Looking around I was surprised to see that nothing was moving, there was even a bird just suspended in midflight. "I've stopped time for a while so we can talk," Paul said.

"You're Gandalf aren't you," Tiffany said voicing the same conclusion I came up with.

"You happen to know someone else who can stop time with a thought," he asked suddenly sounding far older than his appearance, "Tiffany I want you to know I am sorry about what happened to you. Heather was not supposed to drug you, fuck she wasn't supposed to do anything to you."

"Was there a point to all of this," I asked, "not just today, but the whole thing? Was there a point besides your boredom?"

"I could lie and give you some noble answer, but why bother," he said sounding almost indignant, "I saw what the future held for the two of you and decided to play with it. So I switched you both before you were born. Almost every time that happens where they expected one sex but get another it's me."

"Hold on a second," Tiffany said, "you're telling me that I was originally supposed to be born a guy and she was doing to be a girl, but then at some point you decided to switch her back."

"Basically yes," he said, "almost everyone around you has been switched. You just seem to draw them to you. I thought by switching you back it would stop the two of you ending up together, but it seems there are things even I can't change. Sara, I know you called Elisa, but didn't you ever wonder why it was so important as to whether or not you loved Tiffany?"

"I did, but I wasn't really thinking straight," I said turning to Tiffany, "I'm going to live a much longer life than everyone else. You can spend the rest of your life with me, but I can't spend mine with you."

"That's no longer completely true," Gandalf interrupted, "When someone I've switched falls in love and I mean truly falls in love then it changes everything. Tiffany and you will live both live a long time. Her life is now connected with yours she will live exactly as long as you. If you would like I can switch one of you back into a male."

"Why would you do that," I asked not understanding his motivation, "after all this what would changing one of us into a male serve."

"Other than make your life simpler," he said, "not too much really. I've seen how much the two of you enjoy sucking cock and I'm sure having one living in house would provide hours of entertainment for me and cut down on your battery usage in toys."

Tiffany and I exchanged looks before turning back to Gandalf. "I think we would both prefer to stay as we are," Tiffany said, "I fell in love with her like this and I wouldn't want to change anything and I think she feels the same."

"I was hoping you would say that," he said a lecherous smile across his face; "I've really enjoyed your little adventures so far and was hoping they would continue. Don't worry about Heather. I have a feeling she is going to find herself a changed woman soon. Although, I suspect every time she thinks about you it will involve multiple orgasms and a painful ass."

"Was that you yesterday," I asked, "when Tiffany and I were in the room? That last cock was yours wasn't it."

"Oh it wasn't just the last one," He said smiling, "It was all three of them. It was a simple matter for me really and I must say, Sara, I was impressed at how well you were able to handle me. It's been a long time since I was able to just let go and not hold back. It's tempting to keep you to myself, but I would have to strip myself of entertainment."

"I want to know why Heather was here," Tiffany demanded, "and what did you mean this was all about her."

"Heather was here quite simply because I invited her," he said, "I've been watching her and wanted to see what she would do. You were never in any real danger. As to this being about her I'm always curious just what people will do for love. It's always entertaining for me to see the martyr."

"So what's next then," I asked.

"Next is pretty simple," he said standing up, "I start time up again, we celebrate you finishing the wheel challenge, I think of new ways to mess with your lives, and you forget this conversation ever took place."

"You can't be serious," I said, "After everything you have done you're going to keep messing with us."

"Of course I am," he said, "it's what I do for fun. I wasn't kidding when I said I was enjoying your adventures, why would I want them to stop now."

"Ladies and Gentleman," Paul said to the assembled crowd, "despite an arduous, and apparently very pleasurable, challenge Sara has beaten the wheel. Now then ladies, would any of you like to help our winner here get cleaned up? She appears to have a bit of cum in her, well, in her everywhere." 

I felt like I needed to check up on Tiffany for some reason, but I could see she was standing near Paul with a beaming smile on her face. Before I had the chance to go to her I found myself surrounded and under attack by multiple mouths and warm wet tongues as they licked and sucked the cum from my body. Despite the recent vicious fucking I had just received the soft wet tongues on my skin soon had me crying out, my throat raw and sore. I don't know who it was, but the sensation of a tongue pushing into my battered pussy was enough to draw out one last orgasm. I could feel my insides spasming as my body tried to push the cum that was filling my pussy out and into someone's mouth. 

"Enough," I cried out pulling myself away from the warm mouths, "I can't take any more." There was something that was eating at the back of my mind that wasn't quite right; I couldn't place my finger on it until I saw Tina kneeling over Heather who was still on the ground. I started to walk over to Heather when Paul intercepted me.

"Sara stop," he said placing his hand on my arm to stop me, "I'm not sure what was going on with Heather when you were in the ring, but it looked as if everything you were going through she went through. I don't know how it happened, but it looked as if you got all the fun and she got all the pain. Look at her, she's not going anywhere."
