 I awoke the next morning and felt better that I had in a long time. Apparently giving a stranger a hand job while masturbating is an amazing stress reliever. I jumped into the shower and stood there letting the hot water flow over my body. Using the wash cloth I soaped up my body before finally I just started to really explore. Running my fingers across my breasts, pinching and gently twisting my nipples. Down my stomach and between my legs, feeling how slick I was, the walls of my pussy grasping at my fingers. Down my legs marveling at how smooth my skin felt before coming back up caressing my firm ass. Letting my fingers slip between the cheeks of my ass I began to probe and slide my fingers into my asshole, definitely a pleasant feeling I would be returning to. Finally rinsing off I wrapped myself in a towel before stepping out into the room to discover a pile of clean clothes on the bed. While I was drying off I kept looking at myself in the mirror and it took me a minute to realize what was missing. I used to have tattoos on both my shoulders and they were gone. I slipped into the matching black silk bra and panties and was pleasantly surprised at how good the fabric felt on my skin. Quickly getting dressed in the shorts and a tank top I opened the door before pulling on the socks and sneakers I spotted under the bed. 

A few minutes later Dr Jameson walked in with an Air Force major that I assumed was my lawyer. The major was accompanied by a tech sergeant who seemed to be in charge of carrying everything. "Ahh Sara you're up," Dr Jameson said, "Excellent. This is Major Richmond and Sergeant Majors. They are here from the base to help you get started with rejoining the world. So how are you feeling today? Just wanted to let you know based on your test results it looks like you will be out of here tomorrow morning. How does that sound?"

"Sounds great Doc," I said, "Is there somewhere private the Major and I can sit down and discuss matters?" He gave us directions to an empty conference room a couple of floors down and we headed off. After stopping at the hospital Starbucks, which I had never heard of but the major insisted upon, we settled in the conference room and got to work. Most of the paperwork was surprisingly straight forward, even the legal name change was being expedited to the front of the line. We were there a couple of hours but by the time we finished the major said he had an appointment with a federal judge that afternoon and everything would be taken care of. I could get my new ID cards as soon as he brought me my paperwork in the morning. No time was being wasted to make sure I had nothing to complain about. I even knew where my ten years of paychecks had gone. Today was starting out to be an excellent day.

After Major Richmond left I headed down to the cafeteria to get some lunch. I was munching on a not totally horrible sandwich when Tiffany showed up with several Victoria's Secret bags and plopped down next to me. "I see you already dug into the clothing stack," she said her lower lip stuck out in a pout, "and here I was going to bring you something comfy to wear under your clothes."

"These were on my bed when I got out of the shower," I said, "I thought you asked someone to put these out for me. The underwear is lace and matching." When she started shaking her head I realized where the clothes came from. "Never mind," I said, "I know who left them."

"Who, who was it," she asked?

"My late night visitor," I said smiling behind my sandwich. 

Tiffany's eyes flew open as she caught my meaning. "Do I even want to know what you did," she asked, "Wait a second, yes I do want to know but not here. Let's go check out the rest of the clothes and we can go through them. Did you find out when you are being discharged?" Walking back up to the floor I let her know I was being discharged tomorrow once I had all my new paperwork. 

I was stunned at how much clothing they had on hand for me. They had converted an unused storage space into a wardrobe. I knew just from looking at it there was a lot I would never wear but I could at least see it went to someone who needed it. Growing up I had always been a jeans and t-shirt kind of person, I guess with my new life even that might be changing. I let Tiffany pick me out an outfit for tomorrow and I was going to have to figure out how to transport the rest.

Heading back to my room we ran into my mom as she was coming off the elevator. Giving her a hug and introducing Tiffany she followed us to my room. Surprisingly Dr Jameson was waiting for me when we got there. "Ahh Sara," he said, "I'm glad you are here. There were a few things we needed to discuss before you are discharged tomorrow."

"Ok Doc," I said, "let's have it. Nothing you can't say in front of my mom or Tiffany."

"Very well then," he started, "first of all, and I am sure this will be a relief, you don't have to worry about having a monthly cycle. Whatever the retro virus was it left your ovaries incapable of producing eggs so you are completely infertile. Other than that you have received a completely clean bill of health from every department that has seen you. I am however going to recommend you see Dr Michelle Hanson, she specializes in gender reassignment and sexuality and while your case is unique I think it might help. Also I want you to return for blood work every six weeks for the next six months. If there are no changes then we can see about longer periods between visits. Your situation is so incredibly unique I want you to be sure to follow up. I also received a phone call from Major Richmond and he will be sending Sergeant Majors over first thing in the morning with your paperwork. He said no later than nine a.m. so we can work on discharging you about that time. Any questions?"

I had glanced at my mom when he mentioned the infertility and I was pretty sure they had already known as she didn't really react to the announcement. I suppose she was disappointed knowing there wouldn't be any grandchildren and I found myself strangely torn at the thought. I guess the part of me that was so accepting of being female was disappointed and yet the part that was still male was thrilled. "Actually Doc," I asked, "is there any reason why I couldn't be discharged tonight?"

"Well I would prefer to keep you under observation for another night," he answered, "but no there is no reason we couldn't discharge you now."

"Doctor," my mom suddenly spoke up, "can I have a minute with my daughter? Alone." There was something about the way she said 'alone' that had me feeling this wasn't going to be pleasant. The room quickly emptied. "I wanted you to know I like the name you chose," she said, "Sara Elizabeth Riley. It's a good name. I know you were probably expecting to move in with us but now that you are awake and healthy your father and I want to move up to the property near Pine Top."

I suffered a few moments of brain lock before what she said really registered. "Pine Top? Where the fucking hell is Pine Top? What the fuck are you talking about," I asked? I was confused, when the hell did my parents start buying property and yes I know I shouldn't be swearing at my mom but sometimes my inner jarhead cannot be denied.

"Sara, your dad and I both retired a few years ago and you being in the hospital is the only thing that has been keeping us in the Valley," she told me, "We both want to get away from the heat and we have a manufactured home already set up just waiting for us to move in. We picked up the property a few years ago while you were out. You are welcome to stay with us until we have to leave but we have already given the landlord notice that we will be out by the end of the month." 

"Ok then," I said, "so that gives me. (my brain went into some kind of mental lockdown for a few seconds at this point) Fuck I don't even know what day it is. Hell I'm not even sure what fucking month it is, I can barely keep the year straight." I started laughing hysterically at how ridiculous my situation was and how out of place I suddenly felt. I had missed so fucking much, everything I knew as a current event was in the history books now. The weight of my loss finally got to me and I felt myself breaking down and dropped to my knees. I couldn't stop the tears from streaming down my face or the sobs from escaping my throat. I felt my mom's arms wrap around me and pull me close. I'm not sure when Tiffany came in but I know she was there as well. They both held me until I finally got myself under control. Getting to my feet I looked at them both, "Well that was embarrassing but thank you."

"It's okay," my mom said, "I can't imagine how difficult this is for you and I guess we were just so happy you are ok we really didn't think what us moving would do to you. I'll talk to your dad and we can figure something out. It's June 7th, 2002 just so you know."

"No, it's ok," I told her, "this is just one more challenge I need to overcome. I'll find a place to live before you leave."

"I need a new roommate," Tiffany suddenly popped in, "I had to kick my roommate Heather out last week. She was kinda psycho and even if you want it to be only temporary you can stay until you get on your feet."

"Thanks Tiffany, I really appreciate it," I told her. I did appreciate the offer but I had other thoughts running through my mind of what I was going to do to her once we were alone.

"Well that settles it then," mom said, "We will get you discharged and move your stuff over to Tiffany's. Not like you really have a lot here." Tiffany and I looked at each other before doubling up in laughter thinking about the storage room. It wasn't until we actually dragged mom down the hallway and showed her that she got the joke. It took almost ten boxes to pack all the clothes and by the time we had them loaded into mom's truck Dr Jameson had my discharge paperwork finished. Dr Jameson authorized Tiffany to be on independent assignment for two weeks to help me adjust to my new life. 

Once we reached Tiffany's place I was quite surprised to discover it was a house and not an apartment. The neighborhood was pretty nice and the house looked well taken care of. Once we got inside I called Sergeant Majors and let her know I had been discharged and to find out where she wanted to meet up. She asked if I could meet her at the front gate of the base so I could get my new ID. Tiffany agreed to drive me out there but personally I think she just wanted to check out the Air Force guys. We agreed to meet at nine. After getting the boxes unloaded from my mom's truck we headed over to my parents place to get my remaining property. It was all still in boxes so it went pretty quick. Tiffany and I had dinner with my folks before heading back to our place.

"Ok, what the fuck happened last night," Tiffany asked as soon as we were alone in the car, "I warned you about him since I figured it would completely freak you out. Instead you were all smiles this afternoon."

"I agree. I should have been totally freaked out but I wasn't. I think when my brain was rewired by the virus it completely altered my views on sex. I have no issues picturing myself having sex with men or women," I told her before relaying everything that happened the night before. "His cum was actually quite tasty," I said as Tiffany stared blankly out the windshield. From the look on her face I was afraid I might have broken her brain. Reaching over she grabbed my hand and pulled it over to the leg of her shorts. Slipping my hand up I was impressed to find her panties were soaking wet. I slid my fingers under the wet fabric and gently played with her until we got home.

Leaving my stuff in the car we both made our way inside and had barely cleared the front door before I grabbed her and pinned her body to the wall. Pushing my hand down into her shorts I slid two fingers deep inside her as I kissed her as hard as I could. Her own hands were tangled up in my hair holding me against her. We kissed for an eternity before Tiffany broke the kiss just long enough to say, "bedroom." I agreed and we detached from each other quickly shedding clothes as we went. I managed to suck her juice from my fingers as we went and I knew I wanted more. We hit the bed and I was quite surprised when Tiffany crawled on top pinning me to the mattress. I began to protest but her gentle kisses along my neck silenced me, instead I decided to explore her body. Her kisses felt like fire as she worked down my neck and across my collar bone. I wanted to be in control but these new sensations were causing me to lose any coherent thoughts. Having sex as a guy had left me woefully unprepared for this. By the time she started moving down my body my hands could do nothing more than grip the sheets. Feeling her fingers dance across my nipples sent floods of moisture to my pussy but when I felt her mouth suck my nipple in and her gentle bite I had my first orgasm of the night. It wasn't as intense as the previous nights but I knew it was only the first of many. 

Moving back up Tiffany held herself above me as I felt her fingers push inside me. The feeling was indescribable as she slowly fucked me. Pulling her down I kissed her as my hips rolled in time with her hand. This was nothing like I had ever possibly imagined. Guys always hear that women are more gentle and caring during sex but few believe it. Fuck guys are idiots. I felt her fingers slowly pull out of my pussy and almost bucked her off the bed when she started rubbing my clit. "Oh holy fuck that's good," I moaned as my orgasm, instead of giving me a slow build up, came crashing down on me suddenly. Tiffany continued her assault on my clit keeping me in a state of almost perpetual orgasm. I don't know how long she kept me going like that but by the time she backed off I was completely wiped out. I knew I was in good shape but my breath was ragged and I was covered in sweat. "Thank you Tiffany," I said, "that was absolutely amazing. I could feel my pussy still spasming as little mini orgasms shot through my body extending the pleasure. Again, guys are definitely missing out. I tried to get Tiffany to let me return the favor but she could see how drained I was and insisted I get some rest. I had one last thought I shared with Tiffany before drifting off to sleep, "I wonder if Ray showed up in my room tonight." We both laughed before I slid into unconsciousness.