 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

I would like to thank my editor ArilynWriter for her awesome assistance in helping to clean up the mess that my writing can sometimes be.

*****

Walking into the house I found myself drained; the lack of sleep and the emotional roller coaster finally catching up with me. With each step through the silent rooms I couldn't help but catch a glimpse of the small golden chain around my ankle. It had once belonged to Tiffany's mom and now she wanted me to have it. Tiffany's mom, I knew I was missing something and it just wasn't clicking. Had Tiffany ever mentioned her mom? I was just too exhausted to think clearly. Stripping out of my dress before crawling into bed I resolved to talk to Tiffany about it later.

It was dark when I woke up hours later to a gnawing in my stomach and delicious soreness between my legs. Somehow I managed to sleep through most of the day. After taking a quick shower I threw on some clothes and went in search of Tiffany and food. Stepping out into the hallway I saw that Tiffany's door was open so I stuck my head in hoping to find her. She wasn't in there, but her closet was open and I could see a couple of outfits draped over a chair. It looked like she had been going through her clubbing clothes and I didn't see her most recent purchase. She had picked up a hot looking green dress the other day and I knew she was dying for a chance to wear it. 

'Sara, going out with some friends tonight. Not sure if I will be home before morning or if I'll be alone. Probably not.' I had to read the note I found on the kitchen counter a couple of times to make sure I understood her meaning. A part of me was happy that she was going ahead and moving on and yet my mind kept drifting to the small chain encircling my ankle. I needed more information. It was obvious to me I was missing something important. I also needed to figure out what the hell I was going to do tonight. So far my record when unsupervised wasn't the best.

Opening the fridge I couldn't stop myself from smiling. Sitting on the shelf was a plate with a turkey sandwich, a pickle, and a can of Pepsi. A sticky note in Tiffany's flowing script was stuck to it with just my name in big letters. As much as I appreciated the food I appreciated the gesture that much more. We weren't going to be more than friends but at least I knew she still cared. I silently vowed to make sure I would always be there for her. As I slowly munched away on my sandwich I sent a text to Mike asking if he could come over so we could talk. I was hoping he could clear some things up for me.

I never heard from Mike until the next day, but I was able to get Elisa on the phone. We talked for a while about my concern regarding Tiffany's ability to control me in non-sexual situations. It was then I learned some things I wish I hadn't. "Sara," Elisa said, "how do you feel about Tiffany? I mean really deep down inside how do you feel about her?"

I didn't have a good answer for her. Nothing I had ever done had prepared me for the mix of emotions that were running through me. "Truthfully I'm really not sure," I said, "I know I care about her more than anyone. I've never been this mixed up in my entire life. Part of me wants to let her go and get on with her life, and another part just wants to grab her and hold on for dear life. I just don't know what to do."

"Sara this is important," Elisa said her voice growing serious," I need for you to be completely honest with me. Do you love her?"

The question caught me completely off guard. Did I love her? Did I even know what love really was? Had I even truly been in love? I couldn't answer my own questions. "Elisa," I whispered into the phone, "I don't know."

"I really wish I was there in person to tell you this. There was something we didn't cover the other night," she said, sadness creeping into her voice, "because it's usually years before this crops up. We live a really long time Sara. My brother and I are both well over three hundred years old and you'll live at least that long. When Gandalf makes his new toys he likes to keep them around. Severe trauma and injury will still kill you, but outside of that- nothing. I'm sorry, but you're going to outlive Tiffany and everyone you know."

The floor rushed up towards me as my knees buckled. It's funny how time seems to run at its own pace when it wants to; as fast as the floor was rushing up, that's how slowly my phone slipped out of my hand and tumbled to the floor. I saw as it hit; the screen as it shattered from a small chip in the corner spreading like a spider web across the glass. The buttons flying off as the plastic case exploded. I don't know how long I was on the floor sobbing and screaming, my heart having been shattered into a million pieces. 

It must have been hours before I was able to pick myself up off the floor. Gathering the pieces of my ruined phone I put them in a paper bag and headed to my bedroom. Looking around my room I found exactly what I needed to find. Walking over to my bookshelf I retrieved the last remaining stuffed animal from my childhood; a small grey mouse. I'd never given it a name but it had always been there for me. Curling up into my bed I just lay there as tears poured down my face, my mind refusing to accept Elisa's words.

I'm not sure what it was that woke me up. Glancing at the clock I could see it was after three a.m. and it was then I realized I could hear a sound through my door. Clutching my mouse I crawled out of bed and pulled open my door. The sound was instantly recognizable. I should have gone back to bed, but my feet seemed to move of their own volition, drawn towards the sound. 

On the couch was Tiffany; her blonde hair loose and wild, her tan skin glistening in the soft light, her eyes closed, and her mouth hanging open as she rode the cock of some unknown guy. I couldn't help but stare at her; she looked so beautiful in that moment with her face in rapturous bliss. I wanted to flee the room, but I couldn't bring myself to do it, so for long minutes I stood there watching her. I watched as he let himself go inside her causing her to cry out and slump against him, her breathing was ragged as his. I knew she had orgasmed when he did, I could already tell the signs. 

She looked beautiful to me and I found myself so intensely jealous that I couldn't look away. It wasn't until I saw her eyes flutter open and focus on me that my feet finally let me flee. Moving down the hall I quickly entered my room and locked the door. I wanted to fly further; leave the house, the city, fuck the state even, but I had nowhere to go. 

Crawling back into bed I turned on the stereo hoping to drown out the sounds now coming from her room. It didn't matter how loud or what type of music I played I could hear her. Every moan and cry of passion was crystal clear in my ears, I thought I was going to start going insane when finally, thankfully, it stopped. I just prayed for enough sleep to recharge at least a little bit. It was then, in that half-conscious world between awake and asleep that I truly grasped my issue this night. It wasn't that she was fucking some strange guy. It was that she was doing it without me; we were supposed to be together.

The morning came far too soon and yet the night was so incredibly long. I needed to clear my head and before I knew it I was dressed for a run. I knew it was probably too hot already, but I needed to do something and running has always been cathartic for me. So dressed in my running shorts and a sports bra I hit the road. Being in the Marine Corps I used to have to run all the time, but it took me a couple of minutes to get used to the change in my balance. Running with breasts was certainly a new experience, but once I adjusted I just focused on the road ahead. 

It was early enough in the day that it wasn't obscenely hot just yet, but it was definitely going to be a fun one. As I ran I felt my mind clearing for the first time in days. Mile after mile passed under my feet and I found myself going over the last few days. I tripped over my own feet and found myself laying in someone's yard as the pieces of the puzzle fell into place. Tiffany's red and swollen eyes yesterday morning at the hotel were a perfect match for mine last night. 

Getting up off the grass I began running back to the house. My god how fucking stupid could I have been. I had made an assumption and now I was paying for it. The ground passing beneath my feet was far faster than the way out and yet there was no soreness in my legs. It felt as if I was moving at a dead sprint, tears blurring my vision as they streamed down my face. I had to get to Tiffany; I had to fix this before I lost her. 

Turning on to our street I saw the house and nothing appeared to have changed. Our cars were still there as was the red Camaro that I assumed belonged to the guy from last night. Crossing through the house I headed into the back yard to cool down from my run. I really wasn't sure how I was going to do this with him here and had to hope he would be leaving soon. 

Hearing the back door slide open and the heavy footfall I knew her toy from last night was watching me. I really wasn't in the mood for conversation with him so I continued my stretching routine. "So you must be the housemate Sara," he said with a voice I would recognize until my dying day. Lifting myself up off the ground I turned and looked upon someone I had prayed to never see again.

"Keith," I said before I could stop myself. Keith Warren, my best friend growing up and was supposed to have been the best man at my wedding. I will admit he looked pretty good, but then he had always kept himself in shape. As I looked him over I noticed the pale line around the ring finger of his left hand. As he was going to be my best man, I had been planning to be his when he married Jennifer, his high school girlfriend. Truth be told she was too good for him, but I knew she cared about him. 

"Oh," he said somewhat startled, "you know my name. Nikki was pretty loud last night so you must have heard her screaming it." He always was an arrogant ass and as I said Jennifer was too good for him. I also knew they were still together according to the update from my mom. While my parents had done as I asked and told everyone I had died she still kept up to date on the gossip. I was at least happy to hear that Tiffany had given him a fake name because I was about to rip him apart.

The sound of the door sliding open distracted me from the tirade I was about to launch into. Looking up I saw Tiffany standing in the doorway, her delectable body hidden away by her favorite green silk robe. Seeing her standing there only confirmed for me what I already knew, I just hoped I wasn't too late. "Oh Sara, good you're up," she said her face smiling, but it didn't seem to quite reach her eyes, "I wanted to remind you that Kim and Tom will be coming over tomorrow. Keith invited me to spend the weekend on his houseboat so you will have to entertain them on your own."

I've pretty much come to the conclusion that I must have completely fucked up in some prior life for all the shit that keeps happening to me. I know some of it is my own fault, but come on. I couldn't believe he was still playing the houseboat routine. In school he would take girls up to the lake claiming to have a boat only when they got there it was under 'repair' and they would have to get a motel room. It was so amazingly stupid and yet it worked every damn time, until today. I wasn't going to let Tiffany get played and I knew just enough to be dangerous. I just had to hope my information was accurate.

"Oh," I pouted, mentally keeping my fingers crossed, "I was really looking forward to us spending time with them, but I understand, houseboats can be pretty cool." Slapping a smile on I turned to Keith, "Hey Keith, isn't Jennifer taking Amber and Rick up to your parents place for the weekend and does she know you're driving her car?" I was hoping he was still as slow on the uptake as he had been in school and it seemed the gods decided to smile on me at least a little bit, also it explained why the Camaro looked familiar.

"Oh yeah she is, but I told her I had so stay down here and work. I was going to," he said before suddenly trailing off. "Nikki," he said turning to Tiffany, "I don't know what the hell she is talking about. Like I told you last night I left my wife and the ring band is just taking a long time to wear off. I have to wear it for my work; I can get more sales if the clients think I am in a stable marriage." I could see Tiffany's face change as she realized what he was saying. He had played her last night and he was attempting to play her again, but I wasn't quite through. 

"Keith," I said no longer trying to conceal the rage in my voice, "when you talk to Jennifer later ask her what happened at Rick's place the night the two of you fought over her giving you the Camaro. Now get the fuck out of my house before I call her, or would you prefer I call your mom? She does still live in Flagstaff doesn't she, three streets over from the Lucky's?" From the look on his face I had him by the balls and he knew it. Sprinting into the house Tiffany and I waited until we heard his car pull away before we said anything.

"Tiffany please let me talk first," I said closing the distance between us, "I'm sorry and I have been a complete schmuck. I realized I made a huge assumption and I did it without talking to you first. I hurt you, Tiffany, and I did it thinking I was protecting you. I saw you flirting with Nikki and I got scared. Scared I was keeping you from living your life. Scared I was forcing you to choose between me and the life you wanted." I stood there as close to her as I dare searching her face in the hope I hadn't completely fucked everything up.

"She was flirting with me in order to get a bigger tip," she said her voice soft, the words hammering down just how stupid I had really been, "She doesn't even have any interest in women." I wanted to collapse, vomit, and get drunk all at the same time. I could not believe how utterly and completely I had misread the situation. I wouldn't be surprised if Tiffany wanted me to leave after this and honestly I wouldn't blame her in the slightest. "Sara," she asked, "why?"

"I just wanted you to be happy," I said fighting back the tears I could feel threatening to return, "that's all I wanted Tiffany, for you to be happy."

"You hurt me Sara," Tiffany said, her obvious anger rising quickly, "and to make it worse you used my own brother to do it. How do I forgive you for doing that? How can I possibly forgive that? When I went to the club last night I didn't go with friends. I went there with the one goal of bringing a guy home and fucking the hell out of him and making sure you heard me. I saw you last night Sara, I saw you standing there with your little mouse and I saw the pain on your face and I felt good about it. I let some guy I'd never seen before fuck me in the ass because I wanted to hurt you." 

When she suddenly walked back into the house I was confused, but quickly followed her. Heading down to her room I watched as she started to strip the sheets off her bed before moving to help her. We had the bed down to the mattress in short order and bundling them up we headed back down the hall. As I was expecting her to want to wash them I was surprised when she headed out to the back yard again. Dropping the covers, blanket and all, into our fire pit I watched as she sprayed the whole thing in charcoal lighter fluid. "Sara do you know why I'm not asking you to leave," she asked.

"Truthfully I have no idea," I said as her hands turned the box of matches over and over, "I've been expecting it and wouldn't blame you at all I just ask you give me time to find a place." I wasn't sure what she was planning to do besides the obvious. I couldn't blame her for wanting to burn the sheets, I'm just glad she didn't want to drag out the mattress.

"Who exactly is Keith and what happened with you and Jennifer," she asked pulling up a chair as she continued to play with the matches, "I want the whole story." 

I was able to quickly relay the history of me and Keith, but I knew it would be a little more interesting when it came to Jennifer. Not because of the details but because of what it represented about the person I used to be. "Tiffany there is something you need to understand about me," I told her hoping she would understand, "When I was a guy I tended to think with my dick; more so than a lot of guys. Jennifer came over one night all pissed off because Keith was trying to get her to give him her car. She had saved up and bought a 1967 Camaro for her eighteenth birthday and, well, it was a better car than Keith's and he didn't appreciate that."

Shaking her head Tiffany started to laugh for the first time this morning. "What the fuck is it with guys and their cars," she said, "I just don't get it, but go ahead and continue." 

"My parents were out of town for the week back east so I had the house to myself," I said getting back to the story, "Jennifer was sitting next to me complaining about Keith and I reached over and started massaging her back. It didn't take me long before she was lying on my bed in just her panties and I'd given her massages before so I was hitting all the hot spots. I made sure I spent extra attention massaging her ass and her inner thighs. By the time she rolled over I didn't even bother to pretend and hooked my fingers into the side of her underwear and pulled them down. She lifted her hips as soon as I did." 

"So you fucked your best friends girlfriend," she said, "but it sounds to me she wanted it as much as you did." 

"She did," I said, "but there is more to it. As soon as her panties were off I drove my tongue straight into her. She had the sweetest tasting pussy I'd ever known until I met you. I didn't know if I would ever get this chance again so I took my time making sure she had at least three or four orgasms before I kissed my way up. By the time I reached her lips she had my cock in her hand and was guiding it. In truth I almost lost it right there."

"Why," she asked my story having an obvious if unconscious effect on her as the robe had slipped open exposing her tan skin, "from what you've told me this seems right up with your usual moves." As I watched her Tiffany was lazily playing with her breasts as if she didn't even realize she was doing it. 

"You're right it was, but it was what she said to me," I told her, "I was looking into those beautiful brown eyes and she tells me, 'Rick be gentle, you're my first but tonight this body belongs to you.' I was so stunned by the revelation I couldn't even move. I literally had the tip of my cock inside her and I couldn't make myself move. It wasn't until she reached down and grabbed my ass, pulling me into her that I came to my senses. I let her have complete control as I broke through her hymen and all the way in. Being able to watch her face as she gave me her virginity is a sight I will never forget for as long as I live."

"This sounds more like she planned on having you take it," Tiffany said one hand making slow circles around her clit, "girls don't typically give up their virginity on a whim no matter how good the massage was." The story was having the same effect on me, but I wanted to finish before trying to get some kind of relief. "So once you were inside her did you pin her to the bed and fuck the hell out of her," she asked.
