 Thanks to everyone who has stuck it out so far. I hope you are enjoying my little tale of transformation and sex. Please feel free to vote and your comments are always appreciated.

*****

Friday proved to be the most interesting day so far just out of how normal it was. Tiffany and I spent the day shopping at the mall, doing laundry, and cleaning up around the house. There were no random hand jobs, no dragging people into dressing rooms for a blowjob, and basically no overwhelming desires to fuck anything that moved. It was kind of a relief actually to be able to relax and catch up on what I missed. Some of the things we discussed well and truly floored me and it almost hurt trying to comprehend the scale of things. The internet, the world wide web, or whatever the fuck you want to call it. How do you wrap your mind around that? Access to all of man's collected knowledge and Tiffany has 150 links to porn and pictures of cats. Cats really? Not that I would be any different but I'm just saying. Jar Jar Binks; enough said. 

When I was in the hospital I heard some things about 9/11 but never really understood. Sitting on the couch watching the coverage that Tiffany had recorded I could feel my heart being ripped out. As I watched I felt this overwhelming desire to be back in uniform. A pipe dream I know, the Corps would never let me back in. As it was I couldn't be in an infantry unit anymore, what with the whole tits and a vagina thing I've got going on right now. I know that Jar Jar Binks and 9/11 are no where even close in the realm of importance but I'm just trying to give obvious examples. I will say I was pretty stoked about the Diamondbacks and the Coyotes as it was always a hard pill to cheer for the Cardinals and it was nice to have home town teams worth cheering for. It was well after one a.m. before we finally called it a night and crawled into our own beds. 

If you have never been to Phoenix in the summer or perhaps never watched a weather report on the news let me just say that it gets hot here. We're not talking let me take off this sweater and put on a polo hot, I'm talking holy fuck when did I move to the surface of the sun hot. During the summer there are plenty of nights where the temperature stays well above 100 degrees and this was one of those. Tiffany didn't like to run the air so the windows were open and the fans spinning endlessly circulating the hot air. Unlike previous nights I didn't have the advantage of a mind blasting orgasm to help me sleep so I tossed and turned for a while before pushing the covers down and stripping off the thin tank top and underwear I had worn to bed. It was like that stretched out on my stomach with a thin sheen of sweat covering my body that I finally fell asleep. 

It was a glorious dream at first. Starting with my toes I was slowly being lowered into a vat of sweet warm vanilla with just a hint of coconut, hmmm my new scent. Not sure what the symbolism is behind that and I'm not sure if I want to know. As my body ever so slowly dipped into the vat I could feel my muscles relaxing as the liquid covered them and all the tension was drained away. I hovered above the vat, my feet and calves below the surface my muscles being worked by a strong pair of hands. It felt so good I could feel the moisture building between my thighs. Slowly the dipping continued, up my knees and over my thighs. The same strong hands worked the back of my thighs pulling a loud moan from me. Working the muscles from my knees on up the hands continued, the thumbs sweeping over the crease of my ass cheeks. 

I began waking up slowly as I came to realize the hands were real and god did they feel good. I knew Mike had a key so I decided to just relax and enjoy this. As he continued to massage my thighs I felt his hands pushing open my legs so I shifted slightly giving him better access. I was in heaven as his large hands moved up my inner thighs but just when I expected him to slip him fingers into me they changed direction and began deep strokes across my ass. I'm sure I must have let out a whimper as I heard a soft chuckle come from Mike. I had to give him credit he was good at this. I'd used the same avoidance technique before but I didn't have the patience like he was showing. Up my thighs and over time and time again, my hips involuntarily lifting trying to meet his hand, each time coming closer but never quite touching me. It was driving me insane which I know is totally the point. I was so wet it was ridiculous. 

Finally I felt his fingers begin to explore my pussy, just running along the outside barely slipping between my lips. It was apparent that while the first time he had truly fucked me, this time he had something else in mind. Something far more tortuous. He was kneeling over my leg and I could feel his cock as it brushed the back of my thigh, his right hand gently caressing my pussy while his left worked up and down my back. He was going to play my body like an instrument and this was a long slow tease. His touch on my pussy was so feather light and his hand on my back so strong along my spine I'm not sure which was bringing the most pleasure. My hips were grinding into the bed desperate for a firmer touch but for some reason I kept my hands still, not wanting to disturb him as he worked. 

I almost came when I felt his fingers finally push inside me. Slowly and gently his fingers spread my lips apart as they probed inside me. Nothing was going to make him hurry, certainly not me writhing and moaning under his expert touch. My body was on fire, his every touch bringing me closer and closer. His fingers working in and out had me moaning constantly into my pillow but when his other hand moved down and he slowly sunk his finger into my ass I had to bite it to stop from screaming. With his fingers finally filling me he used his legs to pull mine together as he straddled me. Reaching out I grabbed a spare pillow and placed it under me lifting my hips off the bed giving him better access. It felt so good being filled like this and for long minutes he continued, bringing me higher and higher. 

His shifting on the bed was my only warning. I felt his fingers withdraw only to be replaced with his hard cock sinking into me. Everything had been leading to this point and as I felt him push into me the orgasm that had long been simmering suddenly boiled over. I began to scream and moan into the pillow as his hard steady strokes crashed into me. Pulling his fingers from my ass he gripped my hips pulling me back against him, his balls slapping against my clit on each stroke. As I finally came down off my orgasmic high I lifted myself up onto my elbows and began pushing back against him, meeting him stroke for stroke. Letting go of my hip I felt him push his thumb deep into my ass as he stopped moving, suddenly I was impaling myself onto his cock. I was now the one fucking him, driving his cock as deep as I could get it. I'm sure I looked like a wanton whore but I didn't care, his cock felt so good I didn't want it to stop. I began to play with him. Reaching between my legs I caressed his balls as I began to drive against him and then roll my hips with him inside me. 

Finally having enough he grabbed my hips again and began pounding into me, knocking me off my elbows and driving my face down into the pillow. He did manage to surprise me when I suddenly felt a painful smack on my ass. I didn't think it would bruise but it would definitely be there tomorrow. The slapping from our skin quickly filled the room and I could hear his breathing begin to grow ragged. I knew I would come when he did but I still reached down and began to play with my clit. Rubbing hard I wanted to get myself off before Mike did knowing he would enjoy the ego boost. I was literally just on the cusp of my orgasm when he suddenly pulled out. 

"Oh fuck Heather," he said in a voice that wasn't Mike's and for a split second I was furious. After that split second I felt his cum began to splash onto my back, scalding hot as it hit my skin. It was enough. It was enough to set off my biggest orgasm of the night made even bigger by the fact that neither of us knew who we had been fucking. There was something about that I found incredibly erotic. Splash after splash coated my back and my ass, his cum dripping down across my pussy. With my hand still on my clit I dragged out my orgasm until I became just too sensitive to touch. Collapsing on the bed I couldn't help but rub my fingers through his cum before bringing it to my mouth and tasting it. Yep as I expected tasty as fuck. 

"Sara, my name's Sara and you are?" I asked. I felt him launch from the bed as I clicked on the lamp on my nightstand. Ok let me rephrase. I felt him launch from the bed and then, because he was blinded by the lamp, trip over my pajamas and crash to the floor. As I watched him flailing around on the floor I noticed he had more than a passing resemblance to my old self. 

My door suddenly flew and Tiffany stormed in carrying a short barreled shotgun I did not know she had. It reminded me my shopping wasn't quite done. She looked like an avenging valkyrie; topless, her long blonde hair streaming, and a look of fury on her face. I found it hot as fucking hell. Of course the look was slightly ruined by the hello kitty panties and Scooby doo slippers. "Aaron what the fuck are you doing here," Tiffany asked, "and Sara seriously what the fuck?" I knew she was mad but in this case it was not my fault. 

"Whoa, hold on a second Tiffany. Where the fuck is Heather? She gave me a key but I'd never had the need to use it. " Aaron said, "I just got back into town and I thought I would wake her up with a good surprise. I didn't know Heather wasn't living here any more. ."

"Oh it was definitely a good surprise," I said still lounging on my stomach, "but in truth I thought it was Mike."

Tiffany glanced at me before storming into my bathroom and returning with a warm washcloth that she tossed to Aaron. "You made the mess," she said as she walked out, "you clean it up. I'm going to bed and Sara don't forget we have to hit the grocery store before Michelle comes over." 

Sitting on the bed next to me Aaron looked embarrassed as he began washing his cum off of me. "Sorry," he said, "I really didn't think there would be anyone else in this bed. Guess I should have noticed her car wasn't here." 

Once he finished I rolled over and took his hand. "Aaron, really," I said, "I'm not complaining. You seriously rocked my world and I enjoyed every second of it." He got up and started gathering his clothes. "Where are you going," I asked?

"It's late and I need to find a motel," he said, "and try to figure out where Heather is." 

Rolling over I patted the side of my bed. "Aaron you're already here," I said, "and I don't mind. It's not like sleeping with me could make things any worse." He looked at me searching for confirmation and when I smiled he undressed and climbed back into bed. I clicked off the light and resumed my previous position. "You were playing with my ass a lot," I said.

"Heather doesn't normally let me fuck her ass," he said, "but I was thinking if I had her worked up enough she might let me. Now knowing I was fucking you I certainly wish I had tried."

"I might have let you," I said before drifting off.

Aaron was gone when I woke up. Jumping up I grabbed a quick shower before heading out to the kitchen looking for coffee. We apparently neglected to set up pot the night before so I dug through the fridge looking for something with caffeine. Grabbing a green can of something called Monster I checked the side for caffeine. Seeing the magic word I popped open the can and took a drink. "Oh hell yes," I said feeling the caffeine and sugar coursing through me, "you're my new best friend."

"I take it Aaron left already," Tiffany said walking to the fridge and grabbing a green can, "and did you notice the resemblance to your old self? Wait a second, didn't you have a hand print on your ass last night?"

Looking down where the hand print should be I saw nothing but smooth skin. "I did," I said, "He smacked me hard enough it should still be there. Fuck I was worrying about it bruising and yeah I noticed the resemblance. Apparently Heather didn't take not being able to marry me well."

"Yeah she always was somewhat psycho. That's twice now you've seemed to heal far faster than normal," Tiffany said, "I think we should test it."

"And how exactly do you plan on doing that," I asked?

"Easy," Tiffany said, "like this." Grabbing my right breast she pulled it to her mouth and began biting me, hard. Not on the nipple of course but on the pale skin next to it. After about 30 really fucking long seconds she pulled away and we both looked on in amazement as the obvious bite mark quickly faded and vanished altogether within minutes. "Fucking incredible," Tiffany said, "We really should test your limits when we get the chance. For now let's go hit the store and please try not to fuck anyone." In my room I threw on my blue bikini with a pair of daisy dukes and my big tank top before slipping on a pair of flip flops.

Jumping in my jeep I had to throw my tank top over the seat back as I had forgotten how damn hot they could get. Tiffany who had opted for a t-shirt and jean skirt over her bikini just laughed at my jumping around and oh so colorful words. Finally settled we made the short drive to Basha's to grab the food and alcohol for the day. Wandering the aisles both mine and Tiffany's cell phones began to ring. Hanging up a couple of minutes later we began grabbing more food as Michelle was now bringing her boyfriend and Mike was dropping by with a buddy. I also managed to snag a pair of cheap sunglasses finally. Heading back to the house we had a couple of hours to kill before anyone was due to show up and I realized I needed to talk with Tiffany. 

Getting everything put away we walked out onto the back patio and my jaw fell to the floor. The pool and jacuzzi dominated the front part of the yard but it was the mini bar and built-in grill that really got my attention. "Tiffany," I asked with more venom than she probably deserved, "how in the fuck can you afford this place? I know damn good and well that nurses don't make nearly enough to afford this place." I was pissed. With everything going on was Tiffany and Mike just another one of those way too convenient things that seem to be happening lately? Fuck was anything in my life real anymore?

I wanted to cry. I wanted to rage. What I really wanted to do was either fight or fuck. I knew Tiffany likely didn't deserve my rage so I decided to hit something. Stalking towards the back of the yard I focused on a grown pine tree that shaded the back corner. I could hear Tiffany saying something but I couldn't comprehend what she was saying. Stepping up to the tree I reared back and hit it as hard as I could. This resulted in two loud and distinct cracking noises. Fuck me.

The first crack was from a large branch about 20 feet up that suddenly decided that the grass looked cool and deserved closer attention. It was after Tiffany's scream of warning and during my less than Hollywood cool dive out of the way that I discovered the source of the second crack. I discovered that slamming your fist into a relatively immovable object can have adverse effects on your bones. I did feel better however. The instant my fist made contact with that tree, all my anger vanished. It may have been due to the shooting pain running up my arm.

Tiffany was next to me in an instant. "Sara are you out of your fucking mind," she yelled, "what the fuck made you suddenly decide to attack the tree. Let me see your fucking hand, what a moron to attack a tree." The pain in my hand was excruciating as Tiffany began to inspect it, leading me over to a small bench. 

"Sorry," I said grimacing through my teeth, "It seemed like a good idea at the time." It may have seemed like it at the time but it was certainly one of the stupidest things I had ever done. As Tiffany examined my hand I felt a sudden surge of relief as the pain vanished. "What did you do?" I asked Tiffany, the pained expression gone from my face.

"I didn't do anything, why?" Tiffany asked. A small popping sound came from my hand and Tiffany and I found ourselves entranced staring at my hand. As we watched we could see the bones shifting and the torn skin began knitting itself together. Within a couple of minutes my hand looked as if nothing had ever happened to it.

"Nothing," I said staring at my hand, "there is no pain at all. Tiffany what is happening to me?" 

"I don't know Sara," Tiffany said, "I've never heard of anyone healing as fast as you are. But it seems to me you have a lot of things going on that no one has ever heard of. You do realize you broke a tree, right?" We both started laughing when she said it as it was so completely ridiculous. Broke a tree. How the hell do you break a tree.

Moving back over to the pool we both sat with our feet dangling into the water. "I'm sorry Tiffany," I said my eyes downcast staring into the crystal blue water of the pool, "I saw all of this and just kinda lost it. I began to think you and Mike were just one more thing on the suspiciously easy list."

"My last year of nursing school I had won 5k from a lottery ticket," Tiffany said sounding surprisingly melancholy," Like an idiot I had the cash in my pocket and I was driving around in the rain. Did I tell you I love the rain? Silly to live in Phoenix and love the rain but I love the way the desert smells after a rain storm. Anyways, I was driving around and came across this place. They had all the signs up and everything but the storm kept everyone away. I ended up getting the place for a thousand bucks with everything included."

"I really am sorry Tiffany," I told her, "I'm really not handling all of this as well as I thought I was. I did mean to ask you something before we came out here and I lost my mind. You've been incredibly patient with me since this started and I know you were angry last night but are you disappointed in how I've been acting? I know you barely know me but for some reason what you think is important to me." I thought about asking her what had her seeming so sad all of a sudden but I decided to ask Mike first. 

"Sara what you have been going through is beyond belief," Tiffany said, "and in truth I'm not sure anyone would be able to handle this any better. True some things don't add up but you're doing the best you can. So disappointed in you, no how could I be. If anything I'm a little jealous. You're doing things because you want to and enjoying the fuck out of your new body. Watching you with a cock in your mouth or when Mike was fucking you the look on your face was pure bliss."

"Tiffany I need to tell you something that's scaring me a little bit." I said.

"What is it," she asked? Scooting closer she wrapped her arm around my shoulders.

"With both Mike and Rick my mind was made up that I would be sucking their cocks well before I did but that's not the part I'm worried about," I told her, "With both of them I knew what I wanted but as soon as I actually saw their cocks it was like there was nothing else important in the world. My sole focus became that cock and getting him to cum in my mouth. I'm worried that every cock I lay eyes on I'm going to want to suck and swallow."

The stunned look her face was interesting and I watched it change as she slowly realized I was serious. "I don't know what to say," she finally said laughing, "I guess we will have to try and test that somehow. Interesting weakness though, transfixed by the sight of the mighty cock. I love giving head but I'm not that bad although I recommend avoiding frat parties for now at least." 

Michelle and Jacob arrived first. When Tiffany and I stepped out to greet them Jacob almost dropped the bowl he was carrying as we had stripped down to our smallest bikinis. It was funny to see him eyeing Tiffany like a tasty piece of steak with Michelle right there. Reaching out Michelle smacked him upside the head. "Careful,' she said, "I might decide I'm not going to share." Laughing the three of us went inside and talked while Michelle changed. Telling her my concerns she agreed with Tiffany that we should try and test the theory. 
