 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

I would like to thank my new editor ArilynWriter for her awesome assistance in helping to clean up the mess that my writing can sometimes be. 




I closed my eyes in anticipation of the blow. My short new life was going to come to a sudden end at the hands of my ex fiancé here in this alleyway in Tempe. I couldn't help but see the irony of the situation. After being bitten by a blue space gecko, I wind up in the hospital for 10 years canceling the wedding, only to end up having amazing sex with her boyfriend who, by the way, looks just like I did. I knew she was a little crazy, but what hot chick isn't. The thought of her being insane enough to commit murder however never even crossed my mind.

Even now staring up into her hazel eyes and seeing them so wild with rage and insanity it was difficult to accept. I didn't want my last moments alive to be in this little wet alleyway, my last memories of this life to be about blood; the stinging of it in your eyes and the flavor in your mouth. Closing my eyes I let my mind wander and found myself thinking of Tiffany and how this would hurt her. Time seemed to drag as I waited for the blow, the final traumatic damage that even my accelerated healing couldn't handle, the blow that never fell.

The gunshot echoed painfully loud in the small alleyway. It's funny how selective our hearing can be at times. I heard the gunshot, the thud of the bullet impacting, and I even heard Heather's grunt from the bullet, sending the bat flying. It was most everything afterwards that I missed; the cops yelling at them, the other bat hitting the ground, and the sirens. I was fading in and out, the loss of blood taking its toll, as the cop started first aid. Despite my stinging eyes I could tell she was extremely attractive; Officer Jones was a beautiful, young, blue eyed, blonde whose lips looked like they were made for kissing or sucking cock while her partner- fuck where did he go? I was sure there were two of them.

Fuck, even in my current condition I found myself getting wet looking at her. I don't know, maybe there is something to the whole sexy uniform thing. Thankfully I passed out again before I could say or try something stupid. I awoke a couple more times in the ambulance and in the ER. When I reached the ER I was actually happy to see it was the same hospital I just left a few days ago. During a lucid moment before they rolled me into surgery I was able to ask the nurse to find Tiffany.

When I awoke hours later I was in surgical recovery, the sun just starting to break over the horizon as the red morning sky was visible through the window shades. I was sore, tender, and unfortunately, it was not from an outstanding fuck as it was the morning prior. I could see Tiffany slumped down in a chair fast asleep, her face covered in the streaks from her tears. It broke my heart to see her like this. I wanted to get up and go to her, but I discovered most of my upper body, with my right arm and shoulder as well as my left leg, was in a cast. Fuck, that bitch broke me. Glancing down I could see I had tubes in my unbroken arm and someone had taken my nipple piercings, and after drawing pink dots first, stapled them to my cast. Somebody has a fucking sense of humor.

Looking over at Tiffany I found myself growing angry, not at her, but at Heather and her accomplice. I found I wasn't even angry about my injuries, but the fact that by attacking me they hurt Tiffany. Fuck me, was I falling for her, or was it my old personality asserting itself, angry over not being able to stop Tiffany from being hurt? I was going to have to do something. I couldn't tolerate the thought of her being hurt. Reaching for the cup of ice on my little bed table I somehow misjudged and sent the cup crashing to the floor.

Tiffany leapt out of the chair and was at my side in an instant. "Sara thank god you're awake," she said the tears starting to stream fresh down her face, "I was so scared when Kim came and told me." Reaching up with my free hand I pulled her into a hug, tears starting to run down my own face.

"I'm alive," I said softly, "and I'm going to be ok. They didn't kill me so I will heal. Tiffany I'm so sorry. I never expected anything like this to happen and it kills me that you are hurting. Please forgive me for letting you get hurt." It was definitely my old personality coming through. Tiffany was my friend and my guide in this new life and I was supposed to protect her and I failed. It wasn't going to happen again.

"Forgive you for what Sara," she asked, a puzzled look on her face, "you're not the one who went psycho. You're not the one who waited in the rain to murder someone. Did you fuck Aaron? Yes. Did you know it was him? No. Did he know she wasn't in that bed? No. You didn't do a single thing that needs to be forgiven, so stop thinking you did."

"Thank you Tiffany," I said laying my head back on the pillow, "Did they say how long I would be here? I think I've had enough of hospitals for this lifetime."

"They were initially saying five or six weeks, but I wouldn't expect it to be that long," she said a sly smile on her face, "for some reason the damage to your internal organs was not as severe as they first thought when they took you into surgery. They also suspected your back might be broken, but it was just severely bruised. The arm and leg however are broken from being kicked and stomped. When you are feeling up to it the police would like to talk to you."

It was then that I remembered the gunshot. "Tiffany, what happened to Heather," I asked, "I heard the gunshot." It was her silence that gave me my answer, she was dead. The look on my face must have changed for suddenly Tiffany jumped in.

"They got away," Tiffany said rubbing her temples in obvious frustration, "They took off running when the shot managed to hit the bat instead of Heather. The cops told me that Officer Rodgers was giving chase when he fell on the wet concrete. Twisted his ankle so bad he's going to spend the next couple of weeks in a walking boot. The other cop was busy making sure you stayed alive."

"Tiffany its ok," I said pulling her to me, "they will catch them." Reaching out to grab her by the front of her scrubs I pulled her lips to mine. The kiss was tender, gentle, and long. It was exactly what I needed and hoped for. It wasn't until a quiet cough from the doorway that we separated.

Releasing Tiffany we both looked over at the door and saw two plain clothes detectives. When Tiffany glanced at me I had to laugh as not only did I feel nothing towards them, I was in a fucking torso cast. I wasn't happy about them getting away, but the kiss had done wonders to improve my mood. "Come on in officers," I said waving my free arm, "let's get this done."

The interview took about an hour and the officers were extremely professional. I was impressed at how relatively painless they made the process and at the end asked if I had any questions. "Actually just one," I said, "I would like to get into the contact with the officers who saved me. Is there any way you could help me with that?" Tiffany was sitting in the corner just shaking her head as she chuckled to herself which was an improvement from the rage as I described the attack.

Once the officers departed I was moved to a private room which gave me the chance to talk with Tiffany and explain everything Vic and Elaina had said. I was concerned bringing up the control issue, but wanted to get it out there. She was wearing the same look of disbelief I had, but managed to wait until I was done before saying anything. "Well that makes about as much fucking sense as anything else," she said, "Do you believe them?"

"Tiffany if you could have seen them you wouldn't be asking that," I said, "the three of us could stand side by side and you wouldn't think twice about us being brother and sister. Honestly it was kind of creepy." As the doctors started coming in for my battery of tests I managed to convince Tiffany to go home and get some sleep.

Three weeks passed before I managed to convince them to send me home. Since I was in the hospital anyways Tiffany had decided to go back to work so she could see me every day. She would visit before and after work and come down on her lunch. The day after my arrival she gave me an ankle bracelet which I wore on my unbroken leg. It was something beautiful and it reminded me of her. From the doctor's reactions I could tell I was healing quickly, but it wasn't fast enough to set off any warning bells. What I didn't tell them was, not only did I not feel any pain; I could almost feel my bones knitting themselves back together. I was pretty sure I would be on my feet within the week.

I can honestly say I wasn't bored during my stay. A constant flow of visitors managed to keep me entertained with Michelle and Jacob visiting twice a week and Devin and Tiffany coming every day. Mike was out of town for work so I didn't get to see him, but I did get a surprise when Aaron came by. We talked for hours and managed to come to some sort of grip with what happened. I made sure he understood I didn't hold him to blame for the attack and that I didn't regret his nocturnal visit. We agreed to talk more later on once I was out of the hospital and we had time to digest everything that had happened.

The day of my release came and just getting home turned out to be an adventure. Due to my casts I wouldn't fit in Tiffany's car and since she can't drive a manual transmission she couldn't drive my jeep. Finally, we managed to get a hold of Devin and he showed up with his truck. As the casts made getting dressed a challenge I had opted for loose shorts and a tank top. Lifting me into his truck Devin managed to get a handful of my ass. Even buckling me in he made sure he was keeping in contact with my upper thigh. I was half surprised he didn't try to finger me during the drive home, not that I would have stopped him.

As soon as we got home Tiffany had him set me on my bed before shooing him out of the room. "Here I bought you this," Tiffany said handing me a small bag from a store I'd never heard of, "thought you might want to wear this once you are out of the casts." Dumping the contents into my lap I saw what had to be the smallest bikini I had ever seen. The top looked as if it would barely cover my nipples and the bottoms were nothing more than string and a triangle of cloth I was pretty sure I have had nachos bigger than.

"Jesus, Tiffany, this is barely going to cover anything," I said already knowing I was going to agree to wear it, "where exactly were you thinking of me wearing this and why?" I know Tiffany likes to lay out naked so there must be a special reason for the tiny ass bikini.

"Some friends of mine throw a massive party at their house every year in August," she said scooting closer to me, "and I was thinking this particular party would be something you would enjoy." Resting her hand on my good leg she began to draw little circles with her fingers. "Two years ago I spent an hour working the glory hole they have set up," she said as her fingers worked higher slipping under my shorts, "sucking cock after cock, swallowing load after load of cum." Her fingers pushed into me, my pussy drenched at the idea. "A couple of those cocks were so nice and so big I had to pull my bikini off and back myself up onto them, letting them fuck me until they filled me with cum."

I could barely move because of the casts and it only added to my excitement level. Tiffany was fucking me, three fingers driving hard into my pussy. I really couldn't do anything but lay there so I shifted my good leg giving her better access and used my hand to pull my shorts over. I knew how loosely these shorts fit seeing as Mike had once fucked me while wearing them. I knew completely exposing myself would be too much for her and I wasn't disappointed when her fingers were quickly replaced by her tongue. "Oh fuck Tiffany," I cried out as her tongue plunged into me. Looking down I could see Tiffany had unzipped her shorts and was violently fingering her pussy.

My door opened silently and Devin stepped back into the room, my crying out drawing him in. I knew I wasn't going to be getting much, but I wasn't above making sure Tiffany had a good time. As she had pulled my shorts to the side freeing up my hand I wrapped it in her hair pulling her hard against my pussy. "Oh fuck yes Tiffany," I cried moaning as I felt her tongue push between my lips and start flicking in and out, "lick my pussy, make me cum all over your tongue." I was grinding my pussy against her as best I could as Devin dropped his shorts, his hard cock standing straight out. Seeing him move behind Tiffany I tightened my grip her hair and I watched as he yanked her shorts down and plunged his cock into her pussy.

I'm not sure if something else had happened while I was in the hospital, but Devin was absolutely savage as he pounded into Tiffany. Her moaning and the slap of their skin were soon the only sounds in the room and the look on her face drifted between pleasure and pain. Shifting on the bed as best I could I watched as Devin dug his hands into her hips pulling her back, fucking her as hard as possible. I had no doubt however that Tiffany was turned on as I could hear the squelch of her juices on every stroke. For long minutes I watched this savage fucking, my free hand between my legs with two fingers buried in my pussy. There was something very primal about this that brought me to orgasm quickly. As my pussy clutched at my fingers I heard Devin utter the first words since he entered the room. "Tiffany turn the fuck around," Devin said stroking his hard cock as he smacked her ass. Whipping around Devin grabbed her head and began jerking off in her face. The first blast struck her cheek and opening her mouth Tiffany tried catching his cum, but Devin still held her and soon her face was covered. "Sara, I'm sorry. I will talk to you later," Devin said as he stuffed his cock into his shorts and walked out.

The sound of the front door slamming seemed to break the spell over the room. Lifting herself up off the floor Tiffany walked to the bathroom and I soon heard the sound of water running in my sink. "Tiffany what the fuck was that," I asked as soon as she walked back into the room. From the way she was walking I could tell she was tender, but she was still sexy with her freshly fucked look. Sitting down on the bed Tiffany ran a wet washcloth over her naked body.

"Devin really likes you and is upset about you getting hurt," she said after several long moments of silence, "and he blames himself for not coming over even though you said not to. Dragging his issues into the light and being willing to work through them has really made him feel a lot better about himself. He really thought he was all fucked up, and that Rachel was right. You proved him wrong. I told him if he started getting upset once we got you home he could take his aggression out on me. I just didn't realize how much aggression he would have. Damn it's been a long time since I was so thoroughly fucked."

"Well you certainly seemed to be enjoying yourself," I chuckled, "looked like you couldn't decide if it was pleasure or pain."

"Oh it was definitely some of both," she said slipping back into her clothes, "I'm just glad he didn't try to take it out on my ass. I don't think I could have handled him like that. So did you get a late night visit from Ray the hospital pervert?"

I couldn't help but start laughing. The thought of a visit from Ray was so funny I almost toppled out of the bed. "No. No late night visits from Ray," I said trying to get my laughing under control. Finally, getting control I grew serious for a minute. "Tiffany I'm not feeling any pain whatsoever from anywhere," I said, "I can feel the irritation from the casts just fine but nothing hurts. Can I take these damn things off?"

"I've been thinking about this and with the x-rays I think you need at least a couple of more days," she said, "I'm pretty sure your healing process has kicked into high gear." Moving closer she got right up in my face. "Sara you will not try and take those casts off until I say so," her voice telling me she would brook no argument. It didn't matter, I wasn't going to argue. As soon as the words crossed her lips I felt all of my fight leave me. Apparently frick and frack were wrong, Tiffany's control wasn't just sex related. I needed to call Elisa and soon.

"Ok Tiffany," I said a smile plastered to my face trying to hide my panic, "just promise not to make me stay in these too much longer. So tell me more about this party?" Seeing her face light up at the mention of the party I felt the weight on my chest vanish. Was I really tied to Tiffany so closely her own emotions could affect mine?

"Sara the party is an absolute riot," she said the excitement on her face obvious, "it started a few years ago and has just grown since then. Basically it's two days of debauchery. Clothing is completely optional, but if you're going to wear something women can't be in more than a bikini when you are on the property. Guys cost $150 to get in. Girls are free, but there are conditions."

I wasn't sure I liked the sound of that. "Conditions," I asked, "exactly what kind of conditions?" I was starting to get an idea, but I wanted confirmation.

"From noon to midnight the glory holes they have set up have to be open," she said, "There are usually two or three hundred people at the party so sometimes there is a line just to work the booth. They have drinks and a chair in the room so you can either sit down or like I did a couple times kneel in the chair to get fucked. Last year they added a table to each room so you can lie down if you want. There was one girl who lost a bet and was in there for two hours getting fucked the entire time. She had about 20 guys worth of cum dripping from her when she stopped. It was literally running down her legs."

"Tiffany," I said my tone inquisitive. I could already tell I was going to be in trouble. She was going to want us both in that booth and I wouldn't be able to say no. Not that I really wanted to. I found I was so wet at the prospect I'm surprised I didn't slide off the bed leaving a snail trail.

"What," she said before catching my unspoken question, "Oh no it wasn't me. I helped to clean her up, but I didn't go into the booth last year. I was too busy fucking my ex-boyfriend on the lawn. Yeah it's pretty much a giant fuck fest, but the holes are there anyways. Please tell me you'll go with me, it'll be a riot." Yep, she asked and I was fucked.

"Of course we'll go," I said hoping to sneak one by her, "let's get me out of these casts and I can start working on my tan." At this point I wanted out of them so I could attack Tiffany and plant my pussy directly on her face.

"Good idea," she said getting my hopes up for a brief second, "and in three days we will do just that. Nice try though." Well fuck.

I suppose one of these days I will remember that Tiffany is a fucking nurse who I met in a fucking hospital. For the next three days I was as pain in the ass of a patient as I could possibly be, pushing every button I could think of. I really should have known better. Today was the day my casts come off and this morning she decided to make me pay. I woke up from an amazing dream involving my beautiful rescuers, my pussy drenched from the fantasy and as I moved to get up I realized I couldn't. The covers were stripped off the bed, my arms and legs were firmly secured to the frame with red rope and a vibrator was happily buzzing away as it leaned against my pussy. I couldn't help but moan as the toy was sitting directly on my clit and every time I moved, which was constantly, it added just a little more stimulation.
