 The sun streaming through the blinds caused me to slowly blink myself awake and for the second day in a row I woke up feeling fantastic. Need to remember that having mind blowing orgasms before passing out makes for an excellent morning. Glancing at the clock I saw that it was barely after six in the morning and I was wide awake. We didn't have to be at the base until nine so I decided this was the perfect time to play. 

Looking over at Tiffany I saw she was sleeping on her back, the covers pushed down to her waist. Her blonde hair spread across her pillow, her breasts laying slightly flattened against her chest with delicious looking small pink nipples just begging to be sucked on. For the first time I noticed a small gold hoop through her belly button. Shifting to get a better look I was amazed at how sexy it looked against her tan skin. The small gold hoop was fascinating to me and decided right then I would be partaking as well. I wondered what else people were getting pierced. Grasping the covers I slowly pulled them down eventually exposing her entire body. This was the first time I had the chance to really look at her and was determined to drink in every detail. 

It was immediately obvious she definitely took care of herself. Her stomach was flat and taut which made the belly button ring stand out. Her tan was smooth and even with her only tan lines being from her bikini bottoms and even those were not as contrasting as you would expect. I began to gently run my fingers across her skin, fascinated by how smooth it was. Wetting my fingertips I ran them over her nipples and watched them pop up just asking to be sucked. Sliding my fingers down her body I ran them through the small blonde strip of hair and down across her smooth lips. Lifting myself up I began to gently run my tongue across her nipple ever so lightly sucking and nibbling. Hearing the soft moans from Tiffany made me smile and was definite encouragement. I knew she was still sleeping and was determined to make her waking up as pleasurable as possible. Softly teasing each nipple I moved so I was directly over her. It was incredibly tempting to kiss her soft plump lips but I had something else in mind. I had an ex-girlfriend do this to me once and it was awesome. Taking my hair I spread it out over her and began to slowly drag it down her body. Her moaning was getting louder but I wasn't ready for her to be awake just yet. Ever so slowly I dragged my hair raising myself so only the very ends slid between her legs and across her pussy. Her arousal was filling my nose and both my mouth and pussy were wet with the anticipation of tasting her.

Pulling my hair back I carefully lowered myself between her legs and took a moment to relish in her scent. A thin sheen of sweat covered her skin and the salty taste of her sweat was amazing on my tongue. Her pussy was obviously moist, the lips slightly open, and her clit standing out from it's hood. Reaching out with my tongue I slid it along the skin to each side of her pussy. As I began to carefully probe her pussy her moans grew in intensity and her hips beginning to roll, grinding against my tongue. She tasted so sweet and delectable I knew I would be spending a long time between her thighs. Keeping my movements slow and deliberate I could tell she was starting to wake up. Bringing my hand up I slipped two fingers into her pussy as I dragged my tongue across her clit. 

"Oh fuck Sara," Tiffany cried out as her fingers wrapped into my hair. Pulling my face against her I continued my assault on her clit as I pumped my fingers in and out. Curling my fingers I began to rub them along the upper walls of her pussy until a loud gasp from Tiffany told me I found what I was looking for. Dragging my fingers over her g-spot her hips began to buck off the bed until I leaned down against her pushing her hips back down. Letting go of my hair Tiffany clutched the sheets as I could feel her warm release against my fingers. Moving quickly I plunged my tongue inside her and lapped at her sweet release. Slowing my movements I let her relax before crawling up her body kissing and nibbling her skin on the way. Reaching her breasts I spent several minutes ravishing them causing another small orgasm to rip through her body. Finally face to face she grabbed me and rolling me onto my back kissed me as hard as I had ever been kissed. "That was an amazing way to wake up," she said, "Thank you."

"Hmmm, after last night it was the least I could do," I told her, "if we didn't have something to do today I wouldn't be letting you out for this bed."I found I was surprisingly content to lay there in her arms cursing the fact we had so much planned for today. Extracting myself from the bed I made my way to the bathroom and got the shower running. Stepping into the water I looked around for the bar of soap but all I could find were a myriad of different bottles and a big blue puffball looking thing. "Tiffany," I called out, "are any of these 700 identical bottles soap?"

Stepping into the shower Tiffany grabbed a pink bottle and the puffball. Squirting the pinkish gel onto the puffball I watched as Tiffany lathered it up. "Body wash and loofah," she said, "No one really uses soap anymore. Some guys I've dated did but not in a while. Turn around." Facing away from her I felt her begin to wash my back and body. I had never had the chance to take a shower with someone else before so the feeling of her scrubbing my skin was both new and immensely enjoyable. Feeling her fingers moving over my skin as she explored my back and down the cleft of my ass I felt my pussy quickly flood with juice. Pressing up against me she ran her hands up my stomach and cupping my breasts she pinched my nipples. I began to moan as she kissed along my neck, pinching and twisting my nipples. "You're enjoying sex as a woman aren't you," she whispered in my ear turning me towards the back wall of the shower, "you like having your nipples and pussy played with don't you."Her hands never paused seemingly trying to be everywhere at once. 

"Tiffany," was all I was able to get out before she pulled my hips back towards her causing me to bend over at the waist and shoved her fingers into my pussy from behind. I placed my hands against the back wall of the shower willing to let this woman do whatever she wanted to do to me. My moans filled the small enclosure as she pumped in and out of me her fingers rubbing against my clit each time she moved. "Oh god that feels good," I cried out.

"If you like that then you will love this," she said. I couldn't really focus on what she was doing then I felt her fingers begin to probe at my ass. Bracing myself I all but screamed as her fingers pushed into me, the soap lubricating her fingers allowing them to slide in, opening my ass. Holding them there for a moment she began to slowly fuck my ass, twisting her hands as she did. I was lost, her fingers filling both my pussy and ass drove me right up to the edge but it was her words that pushed me over. "You like that don't you Sara," she said, "you like having your holes filled like a slut. You're probably looking forward to getting a hard cock inside you. The big bad marine bent over and getting her pussy pounded like a whore. That's what you want isn't it Sara. You want to feel a hard cock cumming inside you, filling your pussy like a cum slut, don't you?" 

"FUCK YES," I screamed as my biggest orgasm yet slammed into me. My knees buckled and I collapsed to the shower floor. The orgasm washed over me like a tsunami, completely wiping out any thoughts as my pleasure receptors overloaded and I was nothing more than a quivering mass. Tiffany shut the water off and sat with me until I was able to function properly again, even then I could barely get my body to stop shaking. "Jesus, Tiffany are you fucking trying to kill me," I asked? I wasn't mad, I couldn't be mad, fuck with all the endorphins flowing through my system I wasn't sure if I would ever be able to be mad again. 

When I was finally able to stand Tiffany helped me to my feet and quickly turned the water back on. Grabbing the loofah she helped wash my body then proceeded to wash and condition my hair. I know I needed to learn to fend for myself when it comes to this stuff but Tiffany had turned me into putty so it would have to wait. As Tiffany washed off I grabbed a towel and stepped into the bedroom quickly drying off. I knew she would be a few more minutes as she needed to shave her legs and that was thankfully something I didn't need to worry about. Drying my hair as best I could I padded out to the kitchen drawn by the smell of coffee. God I love automatic coffee makers. "Oh holy fuck," I said as I realized there was a tall dark haired guy standing in the kitchen staring straight at me over a cup of coffee. I quickly backed up and went back to the bedroom slamming the door. "Tiffany," I asked, "do you by chance have a brother who just happens to have a key and is standing in your kitchen?"

"Fuck," she said, "I didn't know he was coming over today. I wasn't expecting him until next week. He didn't see anything did he?" 

"Only everything," I said staring at Tiffany, "and god only knows what the fuck he heard. Well too late now." 

"Here put these on," Tiffany said pulling something out of the Victoria's Secret bag from yesterday and handing it to me. The underwear appeared to be a matching set but the bottoms were nearly non-existent. 

"Exactly what in the fuck is this," I asked holding up the scrap of cloth. 

Grabbing a matching pair of underwear Tiffany pulled them on. "It's called a thong," she said, "its the closest you can get to not wearing underwear short of a g-string and I'm still undecided if I want to get any of those." Tossing me a pair of jeans Tiffany showed me how she pulled the top of the thong up so it would show. Slipping into the thong I suddenly understood the attraction. It was amazingly comfortable and I felt extremely sexy. Pulling on the jeans I turned and realized I was looking at my ass in the mirror. Glancing at Tiffany I saw her laughing at me as I checked out my own ass in jeans. "Sara, your ass looks amazing," she chucked, "and if you don't believe me ask Mike when we go out there." I did have to admit my ass was fantastic, firm and round. None of that flat white chick ass for me. Finally finished getting dressed I noticed the shirt she gave me was almost skin tight and didn't reach all the way to my waist leaving a couple of inches of skin exposed. "If we have to go on base we might as well tease the flyboys," Tiffany said, "I normally would have put you in shorts but until we can get some sun on those legs, jeans it is. Crap, We need to buy you a bikini. OK, let's go find out what Mike wants." Pulling my hair back into a ponytail we headed out to the kitchen. I was starting to get the hang of some of this girl stuff.

Stepping back into the kitchen the first thing I noticed was two cups of coffee on the counter with creamer and sugar readily available. I let Tiffany go first as I figured Mike would have put her coffee in her favorite cup. Grabbing the leftover cup I quickly added creamer and sugar to my hearts content. Like my father I take my coffee white and sweet or some coffee with my cream and sugar. Taking my first sip of coffee in ten years I must have moaned as Tiffany and Mike were both staring at me. "Fuck off," I said, "it's been a while." Taking another sip I could feel the caffeine starting to kick start my system. I didn't drink coffee every day but when I needed it I enjoyed it. While we were having the coffee Tiffany introduced us and I took the time to look him over. He wasn't bad looking, about 6'2" and looked to be in pretty good shape. His dark brown hair was some what shaggy and reached just below his shoulders. His eyes seemed to be nothing more than dark brown pools that would be easy to let yourself get lost into. Why didn't it feel strange to be checking out a guy? It was pretty obvious he was checking me out as well but considering he had already seen me naked that was only to be expected.

"So Mike since you have already seen her tits do you think Sara has a nice ass?" Tiffany asked out of the blue, shattering the silence that had descended on the room. I was between sips so I was OK but she managed to catch Mike mid sip and he ended up almost choking on his coffee before he managed to swallow it. I don't have any siblings but I was pretty sure she timed purposely for him to be mid drink. She waited a few moments for him to recover before asking again, "Well? I've watched you checking her out and I want to know if you think she has a nice ass? We were discussing it earlier and I told her that if she didn't believe me then we would ask you."

It was funny to see how nervous he suddenly looked. "Mike," I said, "just give me your honest opinion. This isn't one of those 'do these jeans make me look fat questions' I simply want to know if you think I have a nice ass. Seriously you have already seen me naked so throw me a bone here." Glancing down at his jeans I suddenly noticed how hard he was. "Oh wait, you already are. Never mind Tiffany," I said, "I've got my answer. I guess he really is your big brother."

"What do you mean," she asked? Her eyes followed mine to his crotch and we both began to laugh. 

I saw Mike beginning to turn red and immediately moved to defuse the situation. "Mike," I said, "I am not laughing at your cock being hard. From what I can tell no one should be laughing at your cock about anything. Indeed I'm quite flattered you would get as hard as you are if you are indeed getting hard for me and that isn't for Tiffany. It is for me right? Your not hard over Tiffany are you? I mean I would understand if you were. Your sister has a fantastic body and is a monster in the sack." Did I seriously just tell him I thought he had a nice cock? I mean from the way he was filling out his jeans it was pretty obvious he wasn't lacking in that area. 

"Wait, what," he sputtered, "no it's not for Tiffany. It's for you. I've been hard since you came walking into the kitchen earlier. Fuck I couldn't get it to go down if I wanted to and yes I think you have an awesome looking ass."

"See that wasn't too hard, so to speak, was it. I asked a question and you gave me an honest answer," I said. 

"What are you doing here anyways," Tiffany said, "I didn't think you would be coming by until next week." I glanced at the clock and knew we would have to be leaving soon if we were to make it to the base by nine. Apparently the shower took longer than I thought it did but then again I wasn't exactly processing coherent thoughts for a while their.

"My project ended early so I thought I would drop by and take my baby sister to breakfast," he said and then with a big smirk on his face, "unless of course you have already eaten." I watched Tiffany turn several different shades of red before deciding to intervene.

"Tiffany," I said, "We have to get going if we are going to make it the base by nine." I had a list of things I needed to get done in my mind and unfortunately all of them seemed to involve standing in one kind of a line or another. Between the base, the DMV, and the bank today did not hold a lot of promise for a fun day but at least it started well. Glancing at the clock Tiffany swore under her breath and quickly moved to grab her keys and purse. My paperwork was in an envelope under my hand so I was ready to go. 

"What are you heading to the Air Force base for," Mike asked? 

"I used to be in the Marine Corps but I came down with a condition that led to me being medically retired and I have to get my new ID," I told him, "plus I need a new drivers license and bank card. I've been out of the loop for a while." See I told him the complete truth and didn't have to make anything up. I'm not sure I would always be able to do that in the future.

"Do you mind if I tag along," Mike asked, "I was hoping to spend some time with Tiff today since I hadn't seen her in quite a while." 

"Fine with me," I said, "and I doubt highly that Tiffany would mind." Tiffany soon came out from the bedroom apparently unable to find her keys.

"Maybe you should look in the pile of clothes I left in the living room," Mike said, "I picked them up when I got here seeing as they were strewn from the front door to your bedroom." So apparently Mike had picked up the clothes from our little rush to the bedroom last night. Awesome. 

Tiffany retrieved her keys from her shorts and we were headed to her car when we realized all the boxes from my parents house were still in her car. Mike offered to drive and we all piled into his small truck. It only had the one bench seat and at first I didn't understand why Tiffany insisted I sit in the middle. Once we got underway it made more sense to me as the truck was a stick shift and with the way I was sitting it put Mike's hand directly between my legs. A couple of times his hand seemed to find it's way to my thigh before jumping back up to the gear shift. In truth I found myself enjoying the attention. As we drove I was finally able to ask Tiffany about her piercing and we decided once everything else was finished today I would see about getting mine done.

Traffic sucked as was to be expected but we still managed to get to the front gate just before nine. We pulled into the parking lot for the front gate and started looking around for Tech Sergeant Majors. We didn't see her at first but I soon saw an attractive brunette come out the the Pass and ID office and start walking towards us. It took me a moment to realize the woman in jean shorts and a white tank top was the same woman from the hospital. "Sara, over here," she called out waving me over.

"Sorry," I said, "didn't recognize you at first Sergeant. Bit of a different look for you today." Taking a moment to check her out I noticed she wasn't wearing a bra and unless the AC in the office was really kicking something else had her nipples hard.

"Please, call me Lisa. This folder has all the paperwork you are going to need to get your life started again. There is even a new social security number card in there for you," she said, "The judge issued an emergency order on the name change so it took effect immediately. She also included a letter indicating that your change of appearance was noted by the court and is to be no hindrance in the issuing of any legal documents. If you have any issues have them contact the court directly" 

"I'm surprised all of this was able to be taken care of so quickly," I told her, "not used to seeing the military move with quite so much efficiency. It's usually all just hurry up and wait."

"Yes I agree," she said, "but the orders to expedite this came from higher than I really care to think about and besides, once the Major went to meet the judge I'm pretty sure she signed whatever he brought as quickly as possible. Those two fuck like rabbits every time they get together." Handing me the file we went inside and in short order I had a brand new retired military ID. The Air Force SPs running the office didn't seem to thrilled with giving someone as young as I look a retired ID but once Lisa, had a little chat with their Staff Sergeant things went rather smoothly. 

I talked to Lisa for a few minutes as she wanted to know how I was adjusting and if she could do anything to help. I think she had an ulterior motive for asking but in truth that didn't bother me at all. She gave me her card and wrote a number on the back which she said was her cell number. I wasn't sure what the hell a cell number was but decided to ask Tiffany or Mike later on. I gave her a quick hug and we were soon headed off base. I wanted to try and get the DMV over as soon as I could but Mike insisted on getting breakfast claiming that Tiffany could get cranky when she didn't eat food in the morning. I could almost hear the quotes around the word food.
