 I couldn't get out of that mall fast enough. To my credit I did hold it together and not scream or freak out, I really wanted to but I did not. I did however make it perfectly clear that I wanted to be anywhere else. I all but ran out to the truck with Tiffany and Mike barely able to keep up. "Sara," Tiffany asked once we were in the truck, "calm down, what has you so freaked out?" I didn't know what was going on but there were too many strange little coincidences to let me be calm about this. I took a few deep breaths to try and calm down before finally handing Tiffany the phone. Her eyes flew open and she did a double take on the message. "Mike take us home" was all she said. Neither Tiffany nor I said anything for the rest of the drive. 

"Ok girls what in the fuck is going on? Sara what has you so freaked out? What is the deal with that message," Mike asked as soon as we were inside the house. I knew I was going to have to come clean with him I just didn't realize it would be so soon. How do you tell someone that the black haired naked woman with the massive tits you saw earlier who, by the way gave you a blowjob in a dressing room, used to be a guy. A guy who was changed into a woman by some kind of retrovirus from a glowing blue gecko. Fuck me. 

"Mike," I said, "before I tell you why I am freaked out I need to get my boxes out of Tiffany's car and then I'm going to get changed. Once that is done I will explain everything, everything." It's funny, I had only known Mike a few hours but I was already feeling the loss of a friend. I was pretty sure he as freak out, both over what I used to be and what happened. I looked over at Tiffany and had a feeling I would be uninviting myself from staying here. I had enough money to get my own place and I wouldn't let my issues come between brother and sister. I hadn't unpacked but I would need a ride to a hotel for tonight at least. 

We brought my boxes in set them in the bedroom where all my clothes from the hospital were put. I really did like this house. The previous owners had converted the extra rooms into a second master bedroom with its own full bath. Digging through the boxes I found what I was looking for, my high school yearbook, my boot camp graduation book, and my favorite shorts and tank top. I quickly stripped down to my panties before pulling the shorts and tank top on. Yes they were extremely baggy and the tank top barely covered my breasts but these were my relaxation clothes. Ok the tank top barely covered my tits as long as I didn't move too much. 

Looking at the clock I realized I could take the bandages off my piercings and since I desperately did not want to go back out to the living room I decided to give them a cleaning first. Slowly pulling at the tape to make sure I didn't catch the hoop I stared in disbelief at my nipple. It was completely healed. I checked my two other piercings and they were the same. Instead of looking five hours old they looked five years old. I replaced the tape and decided I could use this in my explanation. Grabbing the two books I headed back out to the living room. 

"Mike," I said, "before I start I want you to know you're probably going to hear some things that will upset you. All I ask is that you let me completely finish and I will answer any question I am able to."

"Sara," Tiffany interrupted, "you don't have to do this."

"Yes, Tiffany I do," I said, "When I said earlier that the two of you were my only friends I meant it. I've already decided to have my mom tell everyone I died in my sleep." Tiffany gasped and I saw tears start to form in her eyes. "Tiffany, I have been out of those people's lives for longer than I was in them. It's better this way. Because of this," I said pointing to my body, "I have to walk away from everything and everyone I ever knew. People always talk about wanting a clean slate, well I can tell you a clean slate sucks ass. You lose everything that makes you who you are. Depending on the results of this conversation I'm already prepared to wipe the slate clean again as I refuse to let my issues get between the two of you"

Tiffany was in tears on the couch and Mike seemed to be teetering somewhere between pissed and confused. I walked over to Tiffany and wrapped my arms around her. "Tiffany," I whispered, "I don't want to leave but if Mike reacts badly it will be for the best. So no more tears, ok? Not until there is a reason for them." I gently kissed her face tasting her salty tears. Moving to kiss her lips I found myself in the sweetest, most tender kiss I have ever experienced. It was tempting to just keep kissing her but I knew I owed Mike an explanation. "So are you willing to listen and not interrupt," I asked turning to Mike.

"Yes," he said before settling back on the couch. The next few hours went slowly as my explanation depended as much on Tiffany as it did on me. We paused when the pizza we ordered for dinner showed up but as soon as the pizza was served we jumped right back in. I went over everything I could think of. Every coincidence, every amazingly convenient occurrence, every last little thing I could think of, got brought up. From the spectacle at the DMV to the ease of the bank, things just didn't make sense, till I suddenly remembered that Tiffany had said clothes started showing up about a year ago and Lisa had told me that base legal had received their orders to start researching my transition about the same time. It was all linked but why? I took the fact that Mike hadn't gotten up and run out the front door as a positive sign. Finally finishing I looked at Mike expectantly hoping for if not a positive reaction but at least one of acceptance.

"Sara," he said patting his lap, "come here." Crossing the room I straddled his lap and settled myself against him as his hands came to rest on my ass. "I'll admit it's a pretty wild tale," he said," and if you didn't have my sister here to back up your story I'd say you were full of shit. Yes part of me is completely freaked out right now and I'm sure that doesn't surprise you in the slightest. However, there is also a part of me that cannot deny that you are most certainly an incredibly sexy and talented woman and while I can tell part of you wants to understand what has happened you are also accepting of the fact you are no longer in the body you were born with and seem intent on enjoying the one you have. I greatly enjoyed what happened in the bikini store and am hoping that wasn't a one-time deal." I let out the breath I didn't realize I was holding and felt myself relax against him. 

"I do have one last thing to show you," I said, "Tiffany, how long did it take for your piercing to heal?"

"About four months," she said, "why?"

"Come here then," I said patting the couch next to Mike. Once Tiffany was settled next to us I pulled the straps of my tank top together between my breasts completely exposing them. "Go ahead and remove the tape," I told them. Reaching up they both began pulling the tape off my nipples and the sensations were shooting straight to my pussy. I started grinding down on Mike and I could feel how absolutely rock hard he was underneath me.

"That's not possible," Tiffany said. I had been expecting that response and leaned backwards pulling my tank top off and tossing it aside. When I started leaning back Mike immediately pulled my hips forward trying to ensure I didn't fall. While that may have been his intention what in fact it did was pull my pussy hard against cock, the shorts being so loose the cloth had completely moved. I knew what this was leading to and some part of me deep down wanted this. I wanted to feel him inside me. I smiled at him as I leaned back, resting my hands on his knees allowing Tiffany to remove the tape from my belly button. I never stopped the slow roll of my hips as Tiffany examined my piercings, losing myself in the feeling of his denim covered cock against my silk panties. 

"Are your nipples sensitive," I heard Tiffany ask from behind me. I hadn't realized she moved. The answer was ripped from my throat as I felt her pull up sharply on the hoops causing me to moan and scream all at once. I had to lift myself up to relieve the pain when she trapped my lips into a fierce kiss, her hands releasing my nipples and grabbing my head, her tongue driving into my mouth. As soon as I lifted up I felt Mike pull my panties to the side and plunge his fingers into my pussy. Fuck, they were so much bigger than Tiffany's. I was so wet I could hear the squelch of my juices as his fingers moved inside me. He pulled his fingers from me and I could feel what had to be his cock rubbing across my slit. He was going to fuck me and I wanted it. 

I knew what was going to happen but I still wasn't quite prepared for it. I could feel his cock slipping between my lips but Tiffany still had me lifted up stretching to meet her tongue. My world shattered when Tiffany suddenly released her hold on me and I dropped directly onto Mike's cock, bottoming out instantly. I'm not sure what I was expecting but it wasn't this molten piece of hot iron suddenly thrust inside me. The pleasure was absolutely incredible as I sat there, my entire universe focusing on his cock. I could feel it; I could feel every ridge and bump along the walls of my pussy. I must have been holding my breath again as I suddenly exhaled letting out a loud moan. I leaned forward resting my hands on Mike's now bare chest. "Sara," I heard Tiffany say "are you okay?"

"Oh holy fuck that's good," I finally said. I leaned back again and moaned feeling his cock pushing deeper into me. "Don't move," I told Mike, "let me." I began to roll my hips against him causing his cock to shift just a little bit inside me, the feeling of him rubbing against the inner walls of my pussy pushing me higher. I knew it wasn't going to take me long to cum all over his cock. I saw Tiffany get up and start to leave the room. "Tiffany," I moaned, "please stay." I knew it might be a little strange for her watching but this was such a new experience for me I wanted her there. Besides, there was something about her being there while I fucked her brother I found incredibly hot. I felt her hands come around and cup my breasts, pinching my nipples, as I began moving faster on his cock.

My moans and cries got louder as his cock drove into me, his hands on my hips helping pull me down harder and harder. Tiffany suddenly twisted the hoops in my nipples pushing me over the edge and I felt my pussy begin to spasm around his cock. I've never been a fan of pain but the sensations being generated from the use of my rings was too pleasurable to ignore. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," was all I could manage as I continued to cum all over his cock. I eventually slowed as the sensations finally dulled and I slumped against his chest, temporarily sated but knowing we were not yet done. I wanted to feel him cum inside me, coating the walls of my pussy. I crawled off of him, surprised at how quickly I missed the feeling of his cock. Finally stripping off the shorts and panties I headed down the hallway. 

Stepping into the bedroom I suddenly felt nervous. Everything that had happened in the living room, while yes I wanted it to happen, I could write off as spur of the moment. This was different. I was walking into the room with the intention of having sex with a man. I seriously wanted to know why I wasn't freaked out about this. "Is everything okay," Tiffany asked. 

"Yeah, just a little nervous I guess" I told her, "all of this is so new to me and I don't understand why I think the way I do now." I turned to hug her and realized she was wearing only her panties.

"Sara, nothing else has to happen right now if you don't want to," Tiffany said, "Mike might not be happy about the blue balls but he will understand." 

"Tiffany thank you," I told her, "I know this can't be comfortable for you but I appreciate everything you have done for me and besides either way I can assure you Mike is too tasty for me to leave him with blue balls. Taking her hand I walked to her bed and crawled up onto it. 

"Sara lay back," Tiffany said. Laying down like she wanted I realized I was at an angle on the bed with my head near the edge. Looking down I watched as Tiffany lowered herself down between my legs. I was looking forward to this and reached down running my fingers through her long blonde hair. I started to think about how different my pale skin looked compared to hers when she suddenly thrust her tongue into my pussy. I cried out and my back arched as the pleasure shot through me. Fuck her tongue is amazing. This was different from last night; she was fucking my pussy with her tongue. Her tongue seemed to be everywhere at once, fucking my hole one second to flicking my clit the next. 

My eyes were closed so I didn't even realize Mike was next to me until I felt his cock rubbing across my lips. Turning my head I grabbed his cock and quickly sucked it into my mouth. Unlike earlier I had no desire for him to be quiet so I immediately began sucking as hard as I could. Tiffany continued her assault on my pussy causing me to moan around his cock, I could tell the vibrations were driving him crazy. As I sucked him I felt his hands grip my hair bringing my head to a stop. I knew what he was going to do and was looking forward to it. Tiffany's fingers pushed into me and started raking across my g-spot just as Mike began to fuck my mouth. I could feel Mike's cock going further and further into my mouth until it was bumping against the back of my throat. I was amazed at how good his cock actually tasted. 

As Tiffany continued to lick up my juices I decided to try something. Sucking in a lungful of air I reached out and when Mike thrust forward I pulled him towards me at the same time. I felt as his cock hit the back of my mouth and immediately slid into my throat. With everything else that seemed to be going on with me the absolute lack of a gag reflex came as no surprise. Well it came as no surprise to me. Mike on the other hand almost lost it as he pushed into the tight confines of my throat. I kept him there, my nose pressed hard against him, for several seconds before letting him go. Fuck that was awesome.

"Sara that was absolutely incredible," Mike exclaimed. Just like that he had gone from a hard steady rhythm to on the edge from one hard trip down my throat. Stepping back he took a minute to try and catch his breath.

Lifting up from Tiffany began kissing her way back up my body. I loved the feel of her lips on my skin, each little kiss like fire. She paused at my nipples taking the hoops between her teeth and pulling on them. Fuck those things were a good idea. She kissed along my collar bone sucking and biting, her hand doing circles with my clit. "What did I miss," she whispered? How she was building me up again so quickly I don't know but I could feel another orgasm building. 

"We discovered I don't have a gag reflex," I said feeling her shift her leg so she was rubbing right across my pussy. Feeling her grinding against me was enough to send me shooting towards my peak. I'm quickly learning that while all of my orgasms my not be as strong as others they are all most certainly satisfying. Opening my eyes I saw her looking not too unlike the Cheshire cat, oh so happy with her work. 

"Show me," she said, "Let me see my 'brother's cock in your throat." Not wasting any time Mike quickly stepped over to me again but I wanted to do it differently this time. Wrapping my hand around his cock I pulled him onto the bed and got him on his back. Moving between his legs I put my hands to the side of his body and took his cock into my mouth. If they all taste this good I'm definitely going to be in trouble. Wrapping my lips tight around him I began to slowly take him deeper. 

As soon as I could feel his cock pushing against the back of my throat, I wasted no time pushing harder forcing him down my throat. I loved the feel of his hard flesh in my mouth, my nose pressed against his belly. I backed off slowly, relishing in the power I had with Mike's most precious organ so close to my teeth. Once I had him about halfway out I drove back down forcing him back into my throat. Hmm this was so good. I continued sucking him hard, pushing him into my throat over and over. Looking over at Tiffany she had stripped off her thong and was rapidly fingering her pussy. "That is so fucking hot I can't help myself," she whispered. Letting Mike's cock pop out of my mouth I crawled over to her and began fucking her pussy, my fingers easily slipping inside her.

"You're so wet Tiffany," I said. Pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy while she rubbed her clit was quickly bringing her to the edge. I felt the bed move and realized Mike was behind me, his cock ready to enter me. I felt his hands grasp my hips and I was quivering in anticipation. 

"Wait," Tiffany yelled just as Mike was getting ready to push into me, "Sara get on your back. I want to see this. I want to watch you take his cock." Rolling over onto my back I opened my legs and watched as Mike moved until his hips were pressing against mine. He began rubbing the head of his cock against me as Tiffany watched in fascination and a soft moan escaped my lips. I wanted this so badly. After a moment he leaned forward and I felt his cock starting to slide inside me. This was so much better than the first time with the sudden slam. I was able to enjoy every inch as his cock pushed against the walls of my pussy, opening me. I was so wet he quickly bottomed out and I wrapped my legs around his waist holding him in place, reveling in the sensations. 

After taking a moment to get used to him I unwrapped my legs and he began slowly, pulling out a couple of inches before pushing back in. I think he was testing my tolerance as his rhythm quickly changed becoming longer and deeper. I was in heaven as he pounded into my pussy, the walls gripping his cock trying to keep it inside me. "Pull your legs back against your chest," Tiffany whispered as she began to nibble on my ear. Reaching down I did as she said pulling my legs back to my chest and Mike was suddenly reaching deeper than before. 

My moans were filling the room as Mike shifted forward even more pinning my body under his and his thrusts became even harder. As Mike continued his hard pounding I felt Tiffany's hand push down between us and begin manipulating my clit as she whispered in my ear, "I was right wasn't I? Your loving having a hard cock filling your pussy, aren't you? Big bad marine turned into a cock hungry slut." As before it was Tiffany's words as much as anything else that pushed me right over the edge. I felt the pressure building the entire time Mike was fucking me but those words, those fucking words; put everything into overdrive and my whole world just exploded. 

"OH FUCKING GOD," I screamed as I felt the orgasm just rip through my body. Even with Mike on top of me my back arched and my legs shot out straight and were trying to lift my body off the bed. I reached up grabbing onto Mike and just hung on as one fantastic pulse after another coursed through my body. I could feel my pussy grasping onto his cock trying to suck it back inside as he continued to fuck me straight through my orgasm, prolonging my pleasure. Without realizing it I started raking his back with my nails leaving long red streaks down his back. Fortunately I didn't draw too much blood. I had just started coming down from my peak when I realized that Mike was starting to lose his rhythm and his breath was ragged. "Fucking do it Mike," I said, "Fill my pussy. Let me feel you cum inside me. I want it." He continued to stroke for a few more quick thrusts before pulling almost all the way out. Everything seemed to happen all at once as his lips suddenly crashed into mine. 
