 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

This Chapter is only lightly edited as I am in search of a new editor. Please forgive any misspellings or typos.

*****

"Seriously it's only lunch," Tiffany said as she sat on our bed, "I don't get why you are so nervous." She was watching me dig through my closet for the fifth time as I walked around still naked from my shower. She had been amusing herself at my expense for at least the last half hour as for the life of me I couldn't figure out what to wear. I finally understood why some woman can look at a closet and say, 'I have nothing to wear,' but there was no way in hell I was going to utter those words.

"I wish I knew," I said finally giving up and sitting on the bed next to her, "there is just something about this that feels really important and I'm nervous about it. Can you help me? You know how bad I suck at picking out clothes." It was true, I couldn't pick an outfit other than jeans and a t-shirt if my life depended on it. 

Walking into the closet Tiffany wasn't in there longer than three minutes before she came out with jeans and a red top I had instantly dismissed. Setting them on the chair she dug through my drawers pulling out what had to be the most conservative underwear I owned. They were still black and silk as since I discovered how good silk felt I refuse to wear anything else. So yeah I'm a snob when it comes to my underwear, when I wear it. Lastly snagging my brown boots she laid everything out for me. 

"There you go," Tiffany said smiling, "perfect first date outfit." She was smiling because I refused to refer to this as a date. It was just lunch and nothing more. If things went well I would probably be seeing more of him but first I needed to survive lunch. All this fucking effort just to try and break Gandalf's programming. I just wanted to be able to be with Tiffany and be happy but the happier I was with her the more I wanted guys to treat me like a whore. I just hope we can find a balance.

"Thanks babe," I said getting dressed, "I really can't imagine what I would do without you. It's not too late, I can cancel this whole thing if you want me to." I already knew what her response was going to be but I had to make the offer.

"We've been through this before," Tiffany said, "if we have any hope of getting you free of Gandalf we have to find a balance. It's been two weeks already and no I'm not happy about this but if we have the chance of long term happiness I'll deal with short term frustration." 

Two weeks, that's how long it has been since the intervention and the decision that I would start dating Rob. Two weeks since Heather and Tina broke out of jail and vanished into thin air, everyone else had already been recaptured. Tiffany was going back to work on Monday night and I had my first jui-jitsu class that same evening. I wasn't looking forward to not having her there when I went to bed but we had decided if I was going to be seeing Rob it was best if she moved back into her own room. Fuck you Gandalf, you smurf skinned little bitch.

"You should get going," Tiffany said a short time later, "don't want you to be late and remember it's just lunch. He's not expecting anything other than food." She had helped me to do my makeup as I still tended to look like Bozo the clown when unassisted. Somethings Gandalf had made easy for me, others still completely escape my comprehension. I can fuck and suck like a porn star but barely can handle putting on lipstick and I am currently forbidden from trying to put on eyeliner after stabbing myself in the eyeball. It wasn't a pretty sight.

I was sorely tempted to take my bike but the look I got from Tiffany when I started opening the garage quickly changed my mind. "Next time," Tiffany said giving me a hug and a quick kiss, "Now go and have fun and I'll be here, naked." I all but growled as I watched her walking away, her ass swaying deliciously. Climbing into my jeep I headed off to meet Rob.

We were meeting at a Mexican restaurant called Manuel's that wasn't that far from where we lived. Growing up I had never been there so this was something new for me. Fuck, all of this was new to me as I had never been on a blind date. Yes, I could admit to myself as I stood outside the restaurant that this was indeed a date. Walking into the restaurant I gave his name and got directed towards the table. 

Taking a deep breath I headed through the restaurant and towards the table. Rounding the corner I took a few moments to look at him before I approached the table and I knew I was in trouble. His sandy blonde hair was long and shaggy but not quite enough for a ponytail. His pale blue eyes showed the same deep intelligence and playfulness as his sister and his shirt looked like the blue of the sky just before nightfall showing off his arms and the two open buttons hinted at the deep tan underneath. I was soaking wet and I hadn't even talked to him yet.

I had to force myself to focus and not drool as I walked up to the table. Seeing me approaching he smiled and quickly got to his feet. His smile seemed genuine and open reaching his eyes and fuck me if he didn't have dimples. I always hated the guys with dimples in school as the girls always seemed to flock to them and now I suddenly understood why. "Sara, hi I'm Rob," he said, his voice deep and smooth, "it's nice to finally meet you."

"It's nice to meet you too Rob," I said realizing I had a huge grin on my face, "shall we sit down." Scooting into the booth I set my bag down next to me making sure it was zipped closed. With Heather on the loose Tiffany and I wasted no time getting our concealed carry permits and the last thing I wanted was to have my gun fall out onto the table. I was trying to review in my head the history that Jennifer and I came up with but I kept finding myself distracted. 

"Jennifer told me what happened with your brother," Rob said looking genuinely saddened, "I remember him from when I was a kid. I know I was annoying back then but he always treated me pretty well, better than the loser Jennifer married. I always kinda hoped those two would get together. It was obvious to everyone but them they should be together." Fuck me, I must have been completely blind before.

"Thanks," I said, "unfortunately sometimes people can't see things until they look through someone else's eyes. I know he cared about her but he seemed to think with his dick too much. It's unfortunate things turned out the way they did but all you can do is move on. I lost my brother to the coma a long time ago. After so many years I kept up hope but said goodbye just in case." It was strange to be talking about myself like that but there was nothing I said that wasn't true. "I hope you don't mind but I'd really rather not talk about Rick," I said trying to change the topic, "I may have said my goodbyes but it still hurts."

"Of course," he said, "I'm sorry I didn't mean to drag up painful memories. I just wanted to express my condolences but your right. This day isn't about the past, it's about new beginnings." We both munched on the chips and salsa for a few minutes before he spoke again. "So Jennifer says you were in the Marine Corps but got hurt," he said, "do you mind if I ask what happened?" This was one of the things we had worked out and honestly I expected the question.

"It was what they call a training accident," I said hoping I remembered everything, "my commanding officer had arranged for us to do somethings base units don't normally get to do. I was fast roping out of a CH-53 helicopter when the aircraft started having problems. The bird veered out and away from our landing zone and I got slammed into a tree. Between the tree and the fall to the ground I ended up in the hospital for quite a while."

"How badly were you hurt?" Rob asked, "Did anyone else get injured?"

"No," I said, "fortunately the pilots were able to get the bird on the ground before anyone else got hurt. Turned out to be a bad part from the manufacturer. Even then I got lucky, somehow I managed to not break anything so badly it required surgery. Just a lot of time encased in plaster. They weren't certain I would ever be able to return to full duty so the decision was made to medically retire me." I had my hands in front of me and was wringing them together as I was actually upset over the decision to kick me out of the Corps.

I think Rob was reaching out to take my hands when the waiter arrived to take our order. As we had not even taken the time to open the menus we quickly scanned them and I ordered some fish tacos. Laughing at ourselves we made small talk as we waited for the food and I was amazed at how quickly time passed. I couldn't even tell you how my food was as I found I was so focused on Rob and what he was saying that I just kind of ate on auto-pilot. Tiffany was the only other person I had ever reacted like this with and it wasn't scaring me, only reinforcing the idea that I wanted to see him again.

Once the food was done and the plates cleared we fell back into our conversation. I found it incredibly easy to talk to him and the details of my cover flowed out like it was my own life I was describing. I'm sure we would have sat there all night taking if the hostess had not come over and informed us we had exceeded our allotted time. I wanted to split the bill but Rob insisted on paying so I made sure to leave the tip.

"Sara," Rob said as he walked me to my jeep, "I really enjoyed myself this afternoon and would like to be able to see you again."

"I'd like that too," I told him, "Did you have something in mind or do you want to call me and we can set something up? I'm busy tonight but fairly open after that."

"I'm doing something tonight too," he said after seeming to think for a minute, "but I will call you tomorrow and we can definitely set something up. I know this was only supposed to be lunch but I really like you so do you think this qualifies as our first date?"

I couldn't help but smile at the question as I had already decided this was definitely a first date kind of day. "Oh absolutely," I said. I liked the fact that as we talked he never exceeded arms reach.

"I was hoping you would say that," he said pulling me into his arms. Suddenly pressed against his chest I could feel the muscles under his shirt and was aware of the difference in our heights as the top of my head was barely above his chin. We stayed like that for a moment before I felt his hand tilting my chin, raising my face up as he lowered his mouth to mine. Despite the hard muscles under my hands his lips were soft and sensual as they pressed against me, my mouth opening to feel his tongue dart inside almost playful in it's exploring.

When his hands dropped to my waist I couldn't help but reach up and run my fingers through his hair, the strands thick and luxurious, pulling a slight growl from his throat. I'm not sure how long we stood there kissing. It could have been moments or it could have been hours, I didn't care. We were both breathless when we finally stepped away from each other, panting as if we just finished a marathon.

"Tomorrow," he said as he caught his breath, "will absolutely call you tomorrow and if I don't it's because I'm dead."

"You better," I said smiling, my own breathing finally under control, "or I'll be calling your sister."

"Have no fear," he said moving to his car, a black mustang I had noticed when I pulled in, "you will be hearing from me soon. Until tomorrow Sara." I couldn't help but crack up as he pulled away when I noticed a small sticker in the rear window. The symbol of the imperial empire from star wars. I was so preoccupied I didn't notice the buzzing of my phone until I climbed into the jeep. 

Starting up the jeep and cranking the air I pulled out my phone seeing it was a text from Kim, 'Tina's body was found. It wasn't pretty. Will come over tomorrow after shift and talk.' Awesome, after shift for them meant some time at oh fuck it's early in the morning. Firing back a confirmation text I headed home to let Tiffany know the news. Even with the news about Tina fuck me if I wasn't smiling the entire drive home.

Getting home I found Tiffany on the couch reading a book, naked as she promised. "I would ask how things went but from the smile on your face I guess I don't have to," she said as soon as I set my stuff down, "alright tell me all about it." I spent the next thirty minutes replaying everything that had happened leaving nothing out. She smiled when I got to the end of the date and described the kiss. "Seems Jennifer's nice guy brother has a bit of a bad boy streak," Tiffany said, "Good, I think you would get bored with someone who is a complete nice guy. You need someone to challenge you."

Getting up off the couch I followed Tiffany into her room while I told her about the text from Kim. We were temporarily abstaining from playing together until we knew if my dating Rob was having any effect on Gandalf's programming so her roaming around naked was just to tease me. "I'm glad she's no longer a threat," Tiffany said pulling her jeans on, "but it doesn't sound like she went out easy. Tina was just the minion, Heather is the real danger."

"I agree and I want to know why things have been so quiet. I'm positive she has to be planning something," I said changing into the black tank top I stole from Tiffany, "I want to know more I just wish it wasn't going to be so early." Heading into my room I swapped out my nice jeans and boots for a pair of wranglers and black cowboy boots. I was dragging Tiffany out to Manzanita speedway in Phoenix tonight. I had not been to the dirt track since I was a kid and was really looking forward to it.

After killing a couple of hours talking about anything and everything we jumped on my bike and headed to the track. I'm pretty sure I scared the hell out of Tiffany with my weaving in and out of traffic but I loved feeling her body pressed against my back and her arms around me. Plus it was fun catching the looks on people's faces when they realized it was two women on the bike. Finally hitting the track I locked up the bike and we headed in.

The racing was an absolute riot. Watching the cars sliding all over the track with mud flying everywhere and engines screaming had the whole crowd yelling and cheering. The most exciting moment for me came during the Bombers race. If you have never seen a Bomber race imagine taking your grandmother's four door 1972 Chevy Impala slapping in a roll cage and put it on a dirt track with nineteen similar can't corner worth a fuck cars and setting them loose. Mayhem will certainly ensue and this race was no exception.

It was pretty calm with all the usual beating and banging and the occasional spin out until the final lap. The top four cars had been dominating the entire race swapping the lead back and forth. Going into the final two turns the lead car blew a tire collecting not only the four leaders but the two cars after them. It was the seventh place car #33, a black and red cadillac deville, that managed to dodge all the wreckage by the skin of his teeth are take the win. The crowd was losing its mind as this unsponsored car managed to sneak in and get the win.

I was watching the safety crew extract the drivers from their cars when Tiffany distracted me. "Holy hell he's hot," she yelled and from the laughing and comments she wasn't the only one to come to that conclusion. Following her gaze I looked down to see who she was drooling over. She was staring at the driver of the winning car who had tied the top of his firesuit around his waist and his black undershirt was stretched tight across his torso. It was easy to understand the sudden spike in the level of lust from the surrounding women until I looked higher than his abs and saw his face.

"Son of a bitch it's Rob," I said suddenly feeling the need to kill every woman looking at him, "He said he was busy tonight not that he was racing." I took a few deep breaths to try and relax before the fangs came out. I mean that quite literally since with Gandalf around it wouldn't surprise me to suddenly grow fangs. "I'm going down into the pits," I told Tiffany as I gathered my stuff. Heading down a surprising number of people bailed out of my way as my boot heels clicked on the aluminum stands.

"Sara wait up," Tiffany called after me as she caught up, "I want to be there for this." While most of the cars were pitted in the center of the track the bombers were kept over in the main pit area off to the side. Crossing out of the grandstands I headed for the small gate to the pits and it's one guard.

"I'm sorry miss but the pits are closed until the end of the nights racing," the guard at the gate said again as he stood in front of us. We had been going around and around about this for several minutes now and I was starting to get seriously pissed. I was about two seconds from putting this guy on his ass when we got interrupted.

"Ricky," a voice from inside the pits said, "let them in. I've seen her put two guys bigger than you down hard on their asses and she liked them." Stepping from the shadows was the grizzled old biker from the day I got my bike, looking far less grizzled in his track polo and khaki slacks. "Forgive Ricky," he said handing us both wristbands once we were inside, "he's just doing his job. The stall you are looking for is right down there. If I don't see you later have a good night." Watching him walk away Tiffany and I looked at each other for a moment before heading down in the direction he indicated.

As we got closer to the pit stall we began to hear conversation going from talking about the race to talking about me. "Seriously she was fucking amazing," Rob was saying, "Hair so black it's almost blue, bright blue eyes, and an absolutely killer body. Fuck she's hot. I really need to thank my sister big time." We had stepped into the light behind Rob but his buddies could see us and the look on my face.

"Black hair, killer body, and bright blue eyes that you pray are never looking at you when she's pissed," one of the guys in the pits said, "Everyone agree with that assessment?" The murmurs of agreement and the fact everyone was looking over his shoulder got Rob's attention.

"She's standing right behind me isn't she?" Rob asked quietly.

"Well if it's not her then you managed to piss off someone with the exact description you just gave us," someone else said.

I decided I was not going to be a bitch about this since really there was no point. Neither of us had mentioned coming to the track so I really didn't have any grounds to be angry. Not that I was going to mention that to him. "Hi boys," I said stepping all the way into the light, "I'm Sara and that's Tiffany and as for you Rob." Grabbing the front of his shirt I pulled him down and into a kiss that easily rivaled our one from earlier. "Nice piece of driving," I said stepping away.

All of his buddies were laughing at the stunned look on his face both from the kiss and the fact I leaned back against his chest and pulled his arms around me. "Sorry I didn't mention the race," he said in my ear, "I wasn't sure how you would react to it. Jennifer doesn't like to even hear about my racing." 

"It's ok really," I said turning around in his arms, "although in the future I'd rather you keep your firesuit on when you win. They are going to have trouble cleaning up all the drool from the women in the stands."

"I'm pretty sure it's not just drool they are going to be cleaning up," Tiffany said walking over next to us. 
