 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

Another chapter in the complicated life of Sara. Feel free to let me know what you think with your votes and your comments. It's your positive feedback that keeps the authors here on Lit motivated to write.

*****

"Riley," a guard called out several hours later. Opening my eyes I saw the same female guard that had brought me to the cell. In other circumstances I might have been tempted to flirt with her but for now I just dragged myself to my feet and walked to the cell door. She led me to a counter where I signed for my personal belongings and then out to a waiting room. I was expecting Tiffany so I was more than just a little surprised to see Gandalf standing there. 

"What the fuck are you doing here?" I said completely stunned at his presence.

"You're lucky you're so entertaining otherwise I would have just left you sitting in there," Gandalf said leading me outside, " Don't worry I'm not going to have you sucking my cock in the parking lot as tempting as that is. Your finger in my ass was surprisingly enjoyable and I will have to be revisiting that particular pleasure."

"That doesn't answer my question," I said. The sky looked as if it was just starting to lighten and I knew dawn wasn't very far off. My jeep was somehow in the parking lot sitting next to a red Lamborghini that had no right looking that fast without moving. 

"I'm here because otherwise you would be rotting in jail on attempted murder charges," he said, "Since I can't have that I've wiped the memories of everyone and everything I needed to. You and your friends still know what happened as does Rachel. Everyone else thinks she was in a car accident. Don't fool yourself and think for a second I'm being altruistic here. I'm looking forward to seeing you and Rob together although I will admit I didn't see him in your future when I looked at it. This has never happened before so I'm curious as to where it's going to lead. There are so few surprises in my life I have to enjoy the ones that do come along."

Since I had him here I decided to just ask something I had been wondering about. "You helped Heather and Tina escape from the jail didn't you?" I asked, "Then made sure they didn't get caught."

"Oh yes absolutely," he said smiling like it was the most obvious thing in the world, "every good story has to have an antagonist and she is certainly yours. I can't wait to watch this play out and before you ask yes I know what happened to Tina and no I won't tell you where Heather is now. I don't like giving out spoilers. I haven't had this much enjoyment in millennium." 

"So glad I'm keeping you entertained," I said with as much sarcasm as I could muster, "I would hate for you to get bored." 

"I especially loved your little meeting the other day," he said climbing into his car, "Your tasty little friend Michelle has some interesting ideas, especially the ones about breaking you free from me. It's almost a shame they don't have the slightest chance of working. You're mine and you will be one of my toys until I decide otherwise so just go ahead and get any ideas of being free of me out of your mind. You're as much a toy to me as that purple dildo you keep in your nightstand is to you. You and Rob have fun, I'll be watching." I could hear him laughing as the door closed and he sped out of the parking lot. 

Climbing into my jeep I spent a few minutes calming down by calling him every name I could possibly think of as the tears ran down my face. Everything I was trying to do was a waste and it tore at my soul. Finally pulling myself together I started the jeep and headed home in the predawn dark. Pulling up to the house I couldn't help but smile seeing Rob's truck out front. Hopefully I would be able to curl up in the safety of his arms and forget about Gandalf for a while. I just wanted to be able to pretend I at least had a chance for happiness. I was exhausted as I may have dozed off in the jail cell but real sleep had escaped me.

The house was dark and quiet once I let myself in. The only sounds I could hear was the music from the radio Tiffany sometimes left on. Kicking off my shoes by the door I set my bag and phone on the side table before I headed down the hallway to my room expecting to find Rob. My bed was cold and empty, the covers undisturbed from when I left for class several hours ago, my small stuffed mouse in its usual spot on my pillow. The sound of a soft snore opened a pit inside my soul as I turned and crossed the hallway to Tiffany's room. The wood was cool under my fingers as I gently pushed the door, the hinges silent as they swung open allowing me to gaze within. 

I don't think words exist for the level of betrayal I felt at that moment and it was only made worse by how beautiful they looked together. Rob was laying nude on his back, his cock soft and still impressively large glistening with Tiffany's dried juices. Tiffany with her body curled up against him, her leg draped over him putting her pussy on display, his cum still leaking out of her as they slept. Even as the tears streamed down my face I knew Gandalf had done this for this was my punishment, my punishment for thinking I could escape him. My punishment for daring to think I could be happy and free. 

I tried to back away from the door quietly but nothing could stop the sob that escaped my lips. Turning to flee down the hallway I could hear them calling after me as I bolted out the front door, grabbing my bag as I went. The lights in the house were flying on as I crossed the yard and leapt into my jeep. I wanted nothing more than to get as far away as possible and didn't dare look back as I sped down the street. The exhaustion I was feeling was gone as the adrenaline rush had me wide awake. Getting on the freeway I just picked a direction and drove. 

I stopped in some town for gas and a pair of flip flops since my shoes were still sitting by the door back in Tempe. Getting back on the road I wasn't paying any attention to where I was going until I drove past Qualcomm stadium and realized I was in San Diego. Growing up I used to come here every year during the summer with my mom and I had always loved the ocean. Finally having a destination in mind I picked a sign labeled beach and followed it. 

I was able to find a parking space not that far from the beach and ran into a small shop to buy a bikini and some other clothes. It was all cheap touristy stuff but it was more than I had. While I was ringing up I discovered my phone was probably still sitting on the table back at the house. Changing into the bikini in the shop I threw away what I had been wearing, as I didn't really see the point in keeping it. With my new possessions locked up in the jeep I headed towards the water. The beach wasn't too busy since most of the schools were already back in session but there was still a decent number of people out. Finding an empty piece of sand I laid out my new towel and stretched out to listen to the waves.

Shutting out everything but the sounds of the waves gave me time to think about what had happened. Knowing that Gandalf would be behind me finding them didn't really take the sting of seeing them together. I know I had said I wanted to see them together but that was only after I had the chance to be with Rob and Gandalf had stolen that from me for no other reason than to punish me for his own amusement. I still loved them both deeply but I needed to take a couple of days to get my head on straight. What scared me was the way Rachel's words echoed through my head. I got hurt and ran instead of facing the issue and it's not the first time I've done this. Time passed as I tried and failed to quiet my jumbled mind. 

"LOOK OUT," someone yelled in exactly enough time for me to do nothing before a volleyball crashed into my face, shattering the four dollar sunglasses I kept in my jeep as a spare. The feeling of a piece of glass piercing through my skin jolted me back to reality more than the impact of the volleyball did. I was stunned for a few moments before I managed to sit up only to find myself surrounded by a group of attractive well tanned guys. 

"Are you ok?" the blonde surfer guy in front of me asked, "I'm sorry the ball got away from me. Oh hey you're bleeding." I touched the side of my face and came away with bloody fingers. I knew it would heal quickly so I wasn't going to stress on it. Actually the whole group of them was pulling off the California surfer look so it was quite a treat for the eyes. 

"It's alright I've had worse," I said slowly getting to my feet, "I didn't realize this was a hard hat area or I would have picked a different part of the beach. Do you normally have this much difficulty keeping control of your balls?"

"Nice job dipshit. You hit her so hard she's breaking out in puns," someone said. I couldn't help but laugh which helped everyone to relax as soon everyone was laughing. 

"I'm Rich," the first guy said, "Listen I feel really bad about hitting you like that. Would you like to join us? We are going to cook out and have a bonfire later on tonight. Please say you'll join us."

"Ok just as long as you promise to not hit me in the face with any more balls unless I ask you to," I said picking up my few items, "I'm Sara by the way." I loved the shocked faces from the guys as what I said penetrated their brains.

"I'm Robin. Come with me and you can put your stuff with ours," a bubbly little blonde said pushing her way through the guys. Grabbing my hand she led me over to where they had several umbrellas and coolers set up. Using my water bottle I cleaned off the blood from my face before stretching out in the sun again. Robin and I talked for a while before the guys came over and dragged us into their volleyball game. I used to be able to spike the ball fairly well but now I could barely get my hands above the net when I jumped. Although it was fun to see the guys faces when I jumped since they were completely focused on my tits.

I was really having a great time when I started feeling really rotten about what I was doing. Here I was enjoying myself in the sun and I'm sure Tiffany and Rob were worried sick about me. I thought about calling them but realized the only phone number I knew was my parents house and that number was probably assigned to someone else by now for all I knew. I changed my mind about staying and decided that I would leave in the morning. Excusing myself from the game I went down the beach and sitting at the water line just let the waves crash over me and for the first time since I woke up I felt truly alone. I was happy the waves were able to hide my tears.

"Sara are you ok?" Robin said, a zip up sweatshirt now over her bikini, "You've been sitting down here for hours and I was starting to get worried. The guys have started grilling if you're hungry." Standing up I looked around and was surprised at how empty the beach was and how chilly the air had become, I must have been there for longer than I realized. "You were so still as the waves went over you we thought maybe you were doing yoga," she said handing me a hoodie, "but you weren't were you?"

"No," I said zipping up the hoodie, it was huge but warm and obviously belonged to one of the guys, "My life is a train wreck and instead of staying and fixing it I ran away. I appreciate the offer for the food but I really should get going. I need to find a place to stay tonight before it gets too late." We walked in silence up to where everyone had pitched tents and were getting the bonfire ready. A few more girls had shown up while I was in the water and it looked like everyone was pairing up. 

"Why don't you stay in my tent tonight?" Robin said, "I have an extra sleeping bag and it's just me in there since my boyfriend completely flaked on me. Not like we haven't been planning this trip for months."

"I'll take you up on that," I said smiling, "and I really appreciate it. I need to take off first thing so I'll say thank you now. I need to go fix my life and stop running away. I just hope I didn't irrevocably break it."

"If he's not a fool I'm sure he'll want to work things out," she said putting my stuff in her tent, "It was pretty obvious to me you were beating yourself up for having a good time when you went down to the water so I figured it was over a guy. I'm right aren't I?"

"That's just part of it," I said, "My life is complicated and some things I thought I could change are completely out of my control. I just need to remember that the bad things in my life don't necessarily spoil the good things or make them unimportant. I've been given a second chance on life and I need to not fuck it up. I'm sorry, I ramble on at times."

"What's his name?" Robin asked. Handing me a paper plate we went over to where the grills were set up and I grabbed some bbq chicken and a burger. "If you want any of the coleslaw you better grab it now because I promise you it will be gone," she said before dropping a big scoop on her plate. I made room on mine and got a decent sized scoop before sitting next to her on the log near the bonfire. 

"Rob," I said, "His name's Rob." Tearing into the chicken I realized I had not eaten since the snacks I grabbed when buying my flip flops and was absolutely famished. Before I knew it the plate was completely empty but I felt a million times better than I had. "You're right that coleslaw was delicious," I said trying not to lick my plate, "Thank you I didn't realize how hungry I was."

"Apparently not," Robin said smiling, "Did you actually taste any of that?" 

"Some of it," I said chuckling at myself, "Not much really, but some." Getting up I put my plate in the trash and grabbed a couple of drinks from the cooler before sitting next to her. 

"Thanks," she said as I handed her the bottle. The beach had grown cold so we pulled a blanket over our legs and I could feel the warmth of her skin pressing against me. Once the bonfire was going we both were able to unzip the jackets but kept the blanket over us. I found myself getting lost watching the flames dance along the wood as it crackled and popped. "Here try some of this," Robin said, taking a deep pull off of what was obviously a joint before handing it to me. 

"I've never tried it before," I said holding the joint between my fingers. Robin's eyes grew wide and it was obvious she wanted to say something but was holding her breath. Deciding to give it a try I took a pull off the joint like I had seen Robin do, nowhere nearly as deep but still a decent drag. The warm smoke filled my lungs and I had to fight back the urge to cough as I passed the joint on to the person next to me. After a minute or so I slowly let the smoke escape, carefully breathing it out my nose. 

"You did that really well," Robin said, "Are you sure you never smoked before?" Either I was really susceptible or the weed was strong but I could already feel my entire body relaxing as the chemicals took effect. It was strange feeling all the stress of the last few days slipping away and I was left feeling surprisingly horny.

"Oh I've done lots of things but smoking weed is not one of them," I said. 

"Lots of things you say," Robin said as her fingers ran up along the inside of my thigh. Between the weed and watching all of the delicious flesh on display during the day I offered no resistance as her fingers ran across my bikini bottoms. Twisting slightly I reached up and pulled her mouth to mine smiling as I heard the other couples cheering us on. The kiss was rough and aggressive at first as we probed at each other's mouth, exploring with our tongues but eventually it settled into a deep slow tender kiss before slowly breaking apart. "Oh my," Robin said slightly breathless, "you're certainly good at that."

"You're pretty good yourself," I said desperately wanting to taste her, "but I certainly hope you don't think that was all I had in mind." Standing up I held out my hand leaving no question as to what I wanted from her. Even I was surprised at how aggressive I was being as she took my hand. Leading her to the tent I heard disappointed comments from some of the couples that were apparently hoping I would be joining them. 

The tent was a pretty good sized four person tent with enough room for us to stand in. Robin had her sleeping bag rolled out with the extra one laying on top of it. Stepping into the tent I immediately moved up behind her, wrapping my arms around her and pulling her against me. As I nuzzled at her neck Robin let out a soft moan before stepping away from me. "We should get the sleeping bags situated first," she said, "It gets cold out here so we should zip the bags together." 

"Shared bodily warmth," I said as we connected the bags, "I like that idea." Getting the pillows in place we both undressed before climbing into the sleeping bag. The contrast with her tan lines was visible even in the low light of the tent and I found it very enticing. Laying on her back she seemed content to let me have control so I moved next to her and began tracing along her tan lines with my fingers. Now that I had her I was determined to take my time as I doubted her and I would ever have another chance. I could feel the light mixture of salt and sun tan oil covering her skin under my fingers as I lowered myself to kiss along her collarbone the scent of coconut filled my nose.

I was intentionally avoiding her nipples but I could see they were twisted and hard just begging to be touched. I loved the soft sounds Robin was making as I tasted and touched her sun kissed skin, her little sighs of contentment music to my ears. Moving up along her neck I chewed on her earlobe for a moment before kissing across her jaw to her lips. The kiss was so tender and intimate it was as if we had been lovers for years not moments and I could feel the wetness leaking from her eyes as I stroked the side of her face. This was the kind of kiss you wanted to last forever and her mouth tasted of the sweetest nectar. 

"Sara," Robin gasped as the kiss was finally broken, "please don't kiss me like that again. I don't think I could take it." As we kissed she had slipped her arms around me and had been content to lightly run her fingers across my skin but now she pulled me on top of her, holding me between her legs. Gripping my ass in her hands she began to grind her clit against me, moaning as she did. 

I began to wonder if she had ever experienced being with another woman before. The kiss in front of the fire had me thinking she had but I wasn't sure. Cupping her breast in my hand I dipped my head down and ran my tongue around her nipple, sucking lightly and flicking it. I don't think she was expecting this new stimulus as her hand suddenly grabbed the back of my head holding me to her breast. She was still trying to grind against me but she had lost her rhythm so I moved, allowing her to grind on my thigh as I straddled her leg. 

With her hand behind my head I began to suck hard on her nipple, chewing and biting on it. With my free hand massaging her other breast and still grinding on my leg it wasn't long before she was crying out in pleasure. Releasing her breast I pulled my leg away just long enough to slip my hand between her thighs and push my fingers into her. From how tightly the walls of her pussy gripped at my small fingers I could only imagine how tight she would feel around a cock . "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Robin cried out as she ground her hips against my hand, "Oh fuck Sara I'm cumming." The feeling of her pussy spasming on my fingers as she rocked was amazing. Despite the cold her body was covered in sweat as she slowly caught her breath and relaxed.
