 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

Another chapter in the complicated life of Sara. Feel free to let me know what you think with your votes and your comments. It's your positive feedback that keeps the authors here on Lit motivated to write.

Please be aware that this chapter contains a scene of violence and non-consensual sex.

*****

Walking down the jet way I found myself relieved that Tiffany and Rob were not there to greet me, only remembering after no one got greeted, that it was no longer allowed. Ducking into the first ladies room I saw, I had to take a minute to get cleaned up as my tears had refused to stop falling until just a few minutes ago. My eyes were red and puffy, making it obvious to everyone that I had been crying. 

The problem is I'm not sure exactly why I was crying. Was I crying over Frank and his decision to end his life rather than wind up as one of Gandalf's porn stars or was it something else? I know I was mean to Jack, but I could have been far more vicious and cruel. I didn't lie to him when I said I would never forget him or our night together. He rocked my world and I know I did the same for him but it was only the one night. Why in the hell would I be so upset about that?

Running my hands under the cold water, I brought the water up under my eyes and patted where it had gotten puffy. After a couple of minutes the swelling seemed to go down, but my eyes were still red. I thought I was just going to have to deal with it when a small bottle of visine appeared on the counter next to me. Standing up I turned to see a young girl in her mid twenties standing beside me. 

"Go ahead," she said, "it'll prevent whoever is picking you up from seeing you've been crying."

"Thank you, you're a lifesaver," I said picking up the bottle and squeezing a couple of drops in each eye.

"You're not the first woman to stand in a bathroom and cry over a guy," she said looking in the mirror and fixing her hair, "What's his name?"

"Jack," I said in reflex handing her back the bottle," but it's a lot more complicated than that." Why the fuck would I say Jack just like he was the only thing on my mind? 

"Sweetie," she said finishing up and putting the bottle away, "It's only as complicated as we let it be. Take care of yourself." Watching her leave, I stood in the restroom a couple of minutes longer until you could no longer tell I'd been crying. Picking up my bag I headed away from the gates and followed the signs towards baggage claim. Looking out the window I was surprised to see that it was still raining. Walking past the checkpoint on my way out I was more than a little surprised that no one was there.

Grabbing my phone I called Tiffany first, but only got her voicemail. Giving Rob a try I was happy when he picked up and smiled at the sound of his voice. "Hey baby," Rob said, "Hold on a second. Ok that's better. I needed to get in the truck, all this rain is causing havoc on the job sites. Are you at home already?"

"I'm at the airport still, "I said, "I thought you guys were picking me up." 

"Sorry babe," Rob said, "Tiffany got called into work last night and hasn't been home yet and I'm stuck here for at least a few more hours. Can you get yourself home?"

"Yeah," I said disappointed that I wouldn't get to see him, "I'll take a cab and see you later."

"Alright, I have to go," Rob said, "Love you."

"Love you too," I said before clicking the phone shut, "Well fuck." Following the signs I headed down the escalator to baggage claim and located the taxi stand. There wasn't much of a line so I soon found myself in the back of a cab headed home in the rain. Despite the drivers attempts otherwise, I wasn't much in the mood for conversation and spent the ride staring out the window until we reached the house.

My jeep was the only vehicle in the driveway so I knew Tiffany wasn't home yet. Digging out some bills I paid the driver and ran inside. Hanging my jacket up on its hook I carried my bag to the room and dropping it on the floor made my way into the bathroom. It dawned on me then that I hadn't had the chance to take a shower before I fled the hotel and probably still smelled like sex. Turning on the water I made sure it was nice and hot before tossing in some new salts Tiffany had picked up. Stripping out of my clothes I tossed them into the hamper before slipping into the tub.

The hot water was just what I needed and soon felt all of my stress and worries slipping away as I enjoyed the soak. Closing my eyes, I laid my head against the back of the tub and soon found myself drifting off to sleep. A loud clap of thunder shook me from my nap as the lights in the house flickered repeatedly before thankfully staying on. Climbing from the tub I grabbed a towel and quickly dried myself off. Throwing on jeans and a sweatshirt I made my way around the house setting up candles and grabbing flashlights. 

I grabbed the portable radio out of the garage and had just loaded fresh batteries when I heard another clap of thunder not too far away. Flickering for just a moment the lights suddenly died, plunging the entire house into darkness. Deciding to get something a little more than a flashlight, I pulled my pistol out of the closet and clipped it to my jeans before lighting the candles in the living room. "Son of a bitch," I said pissed that the power outage had taken out cell service as well.

Grabbing my jacket, I stepped outside wanting to see just how bad the outage was. Rain continued to pour down and other than the occasional streak of lightning, the only lights I saw were candles flickering in a few windows. A brave soul in a small crappy brown pickup with a Domino's pizza sign went by, trying to read house numbers in the darkness. Heading back inside, I turned on the radio before curling up on the couch under a blanket to read.

A broadcast from the National Weather Service spent a few minutes talking about the unprecedented storm battering the southwestern part of the United States as it seemed to be completely ignoring all natural weather patterns and remaining in place. With no idea as to when or if this weather system would finally dissipate, the forecasters seemed at a loss as to what to tell people. Fortunately local news followed and it seemed that large swathes of Tempe and Mesa were without power due to a powerful lightning strike at a substation. They also said that some land lines were down, but there was no mention of cell service. This night was just getting better and better.

It seemed like hours had passed and I felt myself starting to grow hungry. Grabbing a flashlight, I got up and headed into the kitchen, freezing as my eyes fell upon the sliding glass door standing a few inches open. Lifting up the bottom of my sweatshirt, I began to pull my pistol out of its holster when a large hand seized my neck and drove me forward, pinning me to the dining room table. I was able to finish drawing the gun and squeeze the trigger once, the roar of the gunshot nearly drowning out the grunt and wet slap of the bullet hitting flesh. The flashlight had tumbled out of my hand and was quickly spinning where it had hit the floor. 

"You fucking cunt," a voice screamed that sent chills through me, "you're going to pay for that." I was fighting to get the gun in position for another shot when his hand closed around my wrist and slammed my arm against the table. I desperately tried to keep my grip but his grip was cutting off my circulation and soon the gun tumbled free. Even as strong as I get when I'm pissed, I found that I might as well have been trying to move steel with a pool noodle. Releasing my neck and grabbing my free arm, he wrenched them both behind my back, causing me to scream as my shoulders threatened to dislocate.

"Don't worry Sara," the voice said pressing his hard cock against my ass, "I'm not here tonight to kill you." I continued to struggle against him but even when he wrapped just one hand around both my wrists he was still too strong for me. "Oh no," he said laughing as his hand gripped the back of my jeans, "I'm not quite done piling bodies in our little alleyway." I heard and felt the fabric of my jeans tearing as he ripped them apart and pulled them down over my ass. The more I struggled against his grip the more he laughed at me. Flipping my head around, I wanted to see if the face matched the voice and I found I was staring at myself from before the change. 

I was in shock at the sight of my own face, twisted with a cruel sneer until a hard punishing smack on my ass pulled a scream from my throat. Rubbing his cock against the entrance to my pussy he suddenly thrust hard against me. Despite being completely dry, he made several thrusts, forcing his cock into me and began to pound into me as I screamed. The pain was intense but I refused to cry as I felt myself going numb. My brain was failing miserably to cope with the reality of what was happening to me, I was being raped by myself. I could still feel him inside me, his hand on my wrists, and his hips slapping against mine, but there was no connection. With my brain out of the picture, my body began to react to what was happening. 

I have never despised Gandalf for what he did to me more than in that moment; pinned to the table, his cock slamming into me, and a moan escaping my lips as my pussy grew wet. Gandalf's tweaks to my psyche and my body made me respond when I should have been fighting. Releasing my wrists and grabbing the neck of my sweatshirt, I heard the fabric tear and the cool air on my back as he ripped it off of me. "Damm whore," he said his fingers grabbing my hips so hard I knew I was going to bruise, "what appropriate ink for a slut like you but don't worry, only a few more then it's your turn."

"Fuck you Heather," I said finally getting my voice as I turned to try and fight him off.

"It's Rick now," he said grabbing my neck and driving my body down onto the table, "but it doesn't matter, you don't know the significance of that and you're not going to stop me from taking my revenge." Grabbing my hair he pulled me almost upright before slamming my head repeatedly into the hardwood. I knew that my lip had split open and I was having trouble seeing out of my left eye as it swelled shut. 

"Time to pay for shooting me bitch," he said taking his cock and shoving it hard into my ass. It was a pain like I hadn't possibly imagined as I felt myself tearing around him. Clawing for anything to try and get away from the pain, my nails dug deep furrows into the hard wood of the table as they cracked and bled. Yanking me up by my hair he reached around and grabbed my breasts, squeezing and pulling so hard it felt as if he was trying to rip them off, but eventually his hands returned to my waist. His grip on my hips and relentless pounding were so strong there was no question as to if I would bruise, just how badly. 

Eventually he roared as he buried himself inside me, his cock pumping a massive load of cum into my ass. "Your ass is just as sweet as your pussy," he said as I lay against the table, his cock the only thing holding me up, "I may have to revise the things I have planned for you, but I'm looking forward to fucking you as I strangle the life out of you. I can just picture all the beautiful colors you'll turn as you fight for air. The next time we meet will be the last day you draw breath." The air was cold on my skin as he stepped away and I collapsed to the floor. 

"I'm going to fucking kill you," I screamed as he walked out the back door, sucking the last of what little energy I had. Seeing him vanish into the storm was all it took for my tenuous control to shatter and the tears began to flow. Lying on my side, my clothing shredded, and with his cum leaking from my ass, it was all I could to just lay there as the sobs came. I had fallen a few inches from the flashlight and I pulled it to myself, clinging to it for dear life as I prayed for the pain to stop. I felt betrayed by my own body and the people who were supposed to be there for me. I was still lying on the floor when I heard the rumble of Rob's truck pulling up to the house. 

"Sara," Rob said as he came through the door, "where are you? OH MY GOD, Sara what happened?" Getting down on the ground, Rob pulled my body against his and wrapped me in his arms. "Who did this?" he asked, "Tell me who did this to you." 

"Where were you?" I said through deep gasping sobs, "I needed you and you weren't here. Heather came in, slammed me on the table, raped me and there was no one here. She looked like me Rob; I was raped by Heather wearing my face." My sobs became uncontrollable after that, tears pouring down my face.

"I've got you babe," Rob said picking me up. Carrying me into the bedroom, Rob laid me down on the bed and pulled my jeans off before covering me with a blanket. "I'm going to call Tom and get them over here," Rob said, "then I'll see if Tiffany can come home."

"How?" I asked puzzled as to why his phone worked, "My phone service died when the power went out. I wanted to call you when the lights went out but I couldn't." 

"Land lines are down, but the cell towers were unaffected," he said before flipping open his phone and dialing. "Hey Tom it's Rob," he said, "we need you here as soon as possible. Heather was here; and Tom, Sara was raped and it's bad. Yeah, I think so." Tom must have been talking on the other end because Rob paused before saying, "Yeah I know, we all did. Alright, we'll see you shortly."

"Tom and Kim will be here in a few minutes," Rob said sitting on the edge of the bed, "Let me call Tiffany now."

"Thanks," I said a hollow feeling slowly spreading over my body. I had never felt like I wanted to crawl into a hole and disappear, but that was the only thing I could picture doing at the moment. 

"Tiffany," Rob said, "you need to get home as soon as possible. Heather was here and it's bad. Oh good. See you in a few." Closing the phone, Rob reached out to caress my cheek but stopped when I flinched away. "She was already on her way," he said, "and should be here in a few minutes."

"Ok," I said slowly curling myself into a ball. It seemed as if my entire world had shrunk to the pain from between my legs and I could not get myself into a tight enough of a ball to make it go away.

"Here," Rob said getting up and retrieving my stuffed mouse from my dresser. Taking the mouse, I curled up around it as the tears began to flow from my eyes again.

"Rob, Sara," Tiffany said, "where are you?" 

"I'll be right back," Rob said as he headed towards the door, "One second Tiffany, I need to talk to you first." It was then that I heard the wail of multiple sirens growing louder and soon the flashing of red and blue was visible as the lights shone around the edges of windows. 

"Jesus Sara," Tiffany said rushing into the room, "are you ok?" The concern and anger on her face was easy to read.

"Hi Tiff," I said weakly. Even those two small words seemed to drain what little energy I still had and I found myself just wanting to go to sleep. 

"Sara," Tiffany said, "Kim is here and they need to talk to you. Do you think you can sit up?" Could I sit up? Probably. Was I going to? Not a chance in hell. Shaking my head slightly, I made it clear I had no intention of going anywhere. Shaking her head at me, Tiffany stood up and Kim dropped down in front of me. 

"Sara," Kim said smiling at me, "The paramedics are here and there are a couple of detectives here who want to speak with you, they're in overall charge of the case. Do you think you could talk to them about what happened?" Unconsciously my eyes flicked over to Tiffany, who I saw mouth the word "please." Slowly nodding my head, Kim reached over to help me as I began to sit up. Pulling the covers up, I realized that I was still naked under the blanket.

The paramedics came into the room carrying their trauma bags and I was happy to see that one of them was a woman. "Can we clear the room please?" the male paramedic said in a tone that made it less a question and more a command. The couple of police officers that had entered the room quickly left. 

"Sara," the female paramedic said her voice calm and even, "I'm Karen and that's my partner Rick." I couldn't help but flinch away at hearing the name Heather had begun to use. "It's ok," she said, "we just want to check and see how bad you're hurt."

"Not him," I said pointing to Rick, "just you."

"Ok just me," Karen said, "It's it ok if I bring in a female officer?"

"Kim," I said, "Officer Jones."

"I'll get her," Rick said stepping out. A couple of moments later Kim stepped into the room and closed the door behind her.

"Thank you," I said. 

"I need to pull this down" Karen asked, "Is that ok?" Nodding she pulled down the blanket I had been holding up at my neck. I couldn't miss the sharp intake of breath from Kim. After determining there was nothing life threatening going on, she began a thorough examination, pausing to take notes and to treat individual areas. An ice pack for my swollen and bruised eye, my fingers wrapped in gauze to protect my fingertips, and a wrap around my torso for a possible broken rib. My body was covered in bruises that I knew only time was going to be able to heal. 

"Tell your partner I'm sorry," I said pulling the blanket back up to my neck. 

"It's ok," she said, "he understands. Do you think you can talk to the police now?" 

"Yeah I think so," I said. 

"You should definitely go to the hospital and get a more thorough exam," she said, "At the very least get your ribs X-rayed." 

"She will," Kim said, "if I have to drive her myself. She'll have to be there anyways for the rape kit." 

"Let's get you dressed first," Karen said, "Do you know what you want to wear?" 

"Just my jeans and a sweatshirt," I said pointing towards my dresser. Tiffany and I may stay together at night but I kept my clothes in here since Tiffany had so much stuff. 

"Here you go," Kim said handing me my favorite sweatshirt and probably the most modest pair of underwear I own. Pulling them under the blanket, I slipped them on as Karen set a pair of dark jeans in front of me. 

"Thank you," I said repeating the motion with the jeans. It felt very strange to me to be so modest after her examination, but I had no desire for anyone to see me naked. Crawling out from under the covers, I grabbed my warm socks and pulled my brown cowboy boots on. I gave Karen a small nod and she opened the door.

"How is she?" a woman's voice said from the hallway. Stepping into my room, the detective was short, I was easily a few inches taller, with rich milk chocolate skin and her dark hair pulled into a ponytail. She dressed for the weather, with Tempe Police Department emblazoned on her jacket but, even under the shapeless garment there was no hiding her curves.

"Nothing life threatening but she should still go to the hospital," Karen said before hoisting her bag onto her shoulder and heading out. 

"I'm Detective Evens and my partner is Detective Fredericks who will join us shortly," the woman said, "Is there somewhere we can talk, Miss Riley?" 

"Can we talk in here?" I asked sitting back on my bed, "I'd really rather not go out to the kitchen and please, call me Sara."

"Ok Sara," she said sitting on the end of the bed, "You can call me Lauren and we can talk in here if it makes you comfortable. Officer Jones, can you call everyone in?"

"Yes Detective," Kim said opening the door and stepping out of the room. 

"Sara," Lauren said as soon as Kim left the room, "I just wanted you to know that you're not alone in what you're going through. There are more of us out there than you realize and Gandalf has always been a son of a bitch." My eyes all but bulged out of my head but I had it under control by the time people started filling in. 
