 "Ok here we go," Vivian said as she lowered the back of the chair to the sink, "Just close your eyes and relax." The water was cool as Vivian rinsed the excess dye from my hair, her fingers caressing my scalp as she did. After a couple of minutes, I opened my eyes and saw the look of sheer panic on her face.

"It's still blue isn't it," I said. The look on her face told me everything I needed to know, but in truth I wasn't surprised. The party was three weeks ago and while Tiffany's hair had immediately returned to blonde after the first washing, mine had not. We had tried several different brands and colors of hair dye, but nothing ever actually stuck. 

"I am so sorry," Vivian said, "I've never seen anything like this happen before." 

"It's ok," I said, "I wasn't really expecting it to work anyways. This was just a final try. It looks like I am stuck with blue hair for a while." 

"I'm sure it will just grow out eventually," Vivian said, "Wait a second, actually it looks like the ends took the color." Holding up the end of my hair, I could see the black tips contrasting the dark blue of the rest. It was hard to see as the blue was nearly black when wet, but there was just enough of a difference for me to tell.

"I'll just have to be patient I guess," I said. I had a feeling my hair was going to be blue until Gandalf grew tired of it, whenever the fuck that was. Finishing the appointment, I understood why women enjoyed having their hair done. It was nice to relax and let someone else take care of it for a while. I made sure to give Vivian a large tip to make up for her stress over the color not taking. 

Leaving the salon, I stopped for lunch at a Greek place near the house. Pulling the jeep into a spot, I was startled when my phone started to ring. Snatching it out of my bag, I didn't recognize the number but decided to answer it anyways. "Hello," I said. 

"Sara its Elisa," the voice said. It took me a few moments to place the name as I had not heard from her in several months. 

"What's up Elisa?" I said, "It's been a while."

"Sara, I hate to do this but Gandalf has switched someone and Vic and I are stuck in Malta," she said, "Is there any way you could go and talk to them?"

"That son of a bitch," I said, "It's bad enough he's fucking with my life, turning my hair blue, but now he's switched someone else? Sorry, just venting. Where can I find them and which way was the switch?" I could hear Elisa trying not to snicker on the other end of the line.

"He turned your hair blue?" Elisa said, "I hate to ask but have you tried dying it back?" She was doing a really bad job at not laughing at me. 

"Repeatedly," I said, "I actually just left the salon and all I got was black tips."

"Interesting," she said, "I've never heard of him doing that. The person he switched is named Frank Thomas, a welder, and he's in St. Paul's Hospital in Vancouver."

"Vancouver," I said, "as in Vancouver British Columbia?"

"Yes," Elisa said, "the one in Canada. Is that a problem? " 

"Other than the snow," I said, "and the fact you are asking me to go to Canada in the middle of November? No, no problem at all. Seriously though, I'll try and get up there as quickly as I can. We have to look out for each other."

"Thank you," Elisa said, "I'll call you if something changes and please let me know how everything works out." 

"I will and talk to you later," I said before clicking the phone shut. If I was going to be heading to Vancouver I was going to have to see about getting a passport. That should be no end of fun. I would have to see if Tiffany would want to come along, maybe we could make a long weekend of it.

Heading into the restaurant, I grabbed my jacket as the weather was cold and cloudy and it really looked like it wanted to rain. It was the lunch rush so it took a few minutes to get my salad. Grabbing a glass of cherry Pepsi, I spotted the only open table and quickly made my way over. It was against the front window so I could people watch as I ate. I didn't have anything else planned for today so I was in no hurry. 

Looking out the window, I watched as the drops began slowly and quickly built up to a steady downpour. The air wafting through the front door smelled fresh and clean as I let myself get lost in the sound of the rain. "Hello Sara," the girl said as she slipped into the booth. She looked to be no more than sixteen and was dressed in all black, although her hair appeared to the same shade of blue as mine.

I wasn't expecting anyone so her sudden presence caught me off guard. From the blue however, I had a pretty good idea of who it was. "What the fuck do you want you son of a bitch?" I said barely above a whisper.

"Relax Sara," she said, "I'm not Gandalf although I can understand your assumption."

"And why exactly should I believe you?" I said, "He isn't exactly known for telling the truth and besides, he's already impersonated me and god knows who else." 

"You're right," she said, "You have absolutely no reason to believe me when I say I'm not Gandalf. I suppose I could make you believe me, but that defeats the purpose of this visit. I'm Morgana, Gandalf's jailer and all around worst nightmare."

If it would be possible for my jaw to detach itself and roll around on the floor, this would have been the opportune time for it to happen. As I looked more intently as the young girl across from me, I came to realize that while her face looked young, her eyes looked to be as ancient as the stars themselves. When I looked at Gandalf all I saw was malicious intent and that simply was not the case with Morgana. "So why are you here?" I asked. 

"Sentence review actually," she said the humor in the situation infecting her voice, "Every ten thousand years or so I have to drop by and see how he's doing. Looks to me like he's up to his old tricks and that's not going to go over well for him." For a brief instant she looked and sounded like every prison warden you have ever seen on television or in the movies. 

"Can I ask what it is he actually did to get sentenced here?" I asked. I had been wondering what he had done to get put here since the day I learned the truth about him.

"Millennia ago he was given the responsibility to oversee the development of an emerging society on the other side of the galaxy," she said her voice coming with the weariness of ancient history, "As a people, we take it upon ourselves to guide and nurture new civilizations as the take their first steps into the stars. We try to help them to become productive members of galactic society."

"Sounds noble," I said, "and exactly the opposite of what Gandalf would do."

"Yeah, we didn't realize that at the time," she said, "By the time we got around to checking up on him, my little brother had managed to have the entire planet fuck itself to death. Worst of all he didn't even seem to realize he had done something wrong. He lacks the inherent sense of right and wrong that civilized cultures take for granted."

"Wait a second, your brother?" I said in complete shock, "Gandalf is your brother?"

"Yes," she said, "and also the only reason he's still alive. I was able to convince our elders to banish him. This planet was nothing more than a swirling ball of cosmic dust circling around a sun only a couple of million years old when he was brought here. I see now that he's never going to change and I have to decide what to do about it." 

"So what does this have to do with me?" I asked, "You obviously could have handled this on your own without any help from me." 

"I've been watching you," she said, "Watching you struggle to have as normal an existence as possible despite his interference. I'm the one who brought Rob into your life and in doing so changed what Gandalf thought was the future. He doesn't know I am here or that I am influencing things but in truth, I wanted to get your opinion. You're undoubtedly the most successful and well adjusted of anyone he's ever changed and I wanted to know what you think I should do."

"You're kidding, right?" I said.

"I know this is out of the blue and I don't need an answer right now," she said, "Take a few days and think about it. Maybe you'll have a clearer opinion after your trip to Vancouver. Here, you'll need this." Reaching into her jacket she pulled out an envelope and pushed it across the table. 

"What's this?" I asked picking it up. Flipping it open I found a passport in my name and a first class airline ticket from Phoenix to Vancouver. There was also a small flip fold credentials holder that was blank when I opened it.

"When you show someone the ID, they'll see whatever they need to," she said standing up, "I'll see you when you get back. Drive carefully; it's going to be raining for the rest of the week." Flipping up her hood, I watched as Morgana stepped out into the rain and promptly vanished from sight as a customer entering the restaurant passed by her. With everything that had happened in my life, why should this be any less believable? Taking my time in finishing my salad, I eventually left the restaurant. Driving home was an adventure, as people from Phoenix are about as good at driving in the rain as people from Miami are at driving in the snow.

The house was empty when I finally made it home. Tiffany and Rob would both be at work and while he had a drawer in my room, Rob had not moved in. Tiffany and I had resumed sleeping together and the nights Rob did stay over were always a three way affair. I always knew I would have to share him to have Tiffany in my life, I was just glad he was ok with it.

Kicking off my boots, I jumped on the computer and was able to locate an excellent hotel for me to stay at during my time in Vancouver. The price would make Tiffany freak if she saw it, but since I really didn't have much to spend my money on I was treating myself. A couple of quick phone calls and I had arranged for both a deluxe room at the Fairmont Waterfront hotel and a rental car. The trip was all set, now I just needed to tell everyone I was going. 

Even through the rain there was no mistaking the sound of Rob's work truck pulling up in front of the house. The diesel engine was already loud, but I was certain Rob had gone out of his way to increase the volume. Quickly opening up a game, I pretended to not hear him come into the house. Listening as his footsteps drew closer; I was moving the mouse around giving a lot of effort at doing nothing. 

Flipping my hair all to one side, I gave him unrestricted access to my neck which he quickly took advantage of. The temperature in the house was chilly, but his lips were anything but cold as he gently nibbled on my neck. His arms engulfed me in their embrace as he pulled me to my feet. Dragging the chair out of the way, I gripped his thighs and drew my hands upwards before settling on the large bulge trapped inside his jeans.

"Hmm," I said, "Someone wants to play." Turning around in his arms, he cradled my ass and lifted me up as I guided my mouth to his. The kiss was everything I had come to expect from him; teasing, insisting and deft. With my arms around his neck and my legs wrapped about his waist, his hands slipped under my shirt and thin jacket. His hands were cold at first, goose bumps exploding where our skin met, but quickly warmed as they caressed my skin. I had grown addicted to his touch and moaned as his hands caressed my body. 

Breaking the kiss, he nuzzled my neck as my fingers ran through his thick hair. He had decided to start growing a goatee just after the party and the coarse hairs tickled against my skin. I was skeptical at first, but it gave him a decidedly rugged edge to his appearance that I enjoyed immensely. With me wrapped in his arms, Rob turned and headed to the bedroom. 

Laying me on the bed, I slid my hands down his chest and worked them under his shirt. He had a blue long sleeve company t-shirt on under an unbuttoned grey flannel work shirt. My attempts to remove his shirts were quickly foiled and I found my hands pinned above my head. Opening my hands in a gesture of surrender, I let Rob have control of the encounter. 

Unbuttoning my thin wool sweater, Rob lifted the bottom of my shirt and began to kiss softly against my skin. An inch or so at a time he lifted my top as he covered my stomach in nibbles and kisses. Ever so slowly he worked his way higher, pausing to tug and lick at my belly button piercing. My soft moans filled the room as he moved ever upwards. 

"Oh yes," I said as his hands swept up to cup my breasts. With only the silk bra separating me from his rough hands my moans grew louder as he squeezed my breasts. Raising himself up, my body was fully covered by Rob; he lifted my sweater and top up and off. Tilting my head to the side, he began suckling and placing little bites along my neck. Wrapping my arms around his body, I held on just enough to let him know I was appreciating his efforts and not trying to take over.

There was something about when he kissed me that sent butterflies racing through my stomach. Filled with absolute passion and longing, I felt like the most important and desirable woman in the world. I couldn't stop the happy tears as they flowed from my eyes, not that I wanted to. Pulling back he paused for a moment when he saw the wetness in my eyes, but since I made no effort to stop him he resumed nibbling my neck. 

One shoulder at a time he slid the straps of my bra down but made no effort to remove it. My skin still held a light golden brown color leftover from the summer but I actually doubted Gandalf would ever let it go completely pale. Pulling the straps down, he peeled the cups away before lowering his mouth over my nipple. His gentle suction and flicking tongue sent sparks of pleasure through my body.

As Rob moved back and forth between my nipples, my body responded growing wetter and more sensitive. When his leg moved and he pressed it up between my legs, I couldn't help but cry out as I ground my hips against him. Finally reaching behind my back, he unsnapped my bra and pulled it off before pushing my breasts together so he could suck both nipples simultaneously. 

I wasn't expecting him to do that so the sudden stimulus was more than I was ready for. With both of my nipples in his mouth he closed his teeth over my piercings and pulled back hard, forcing my back to arch. Releasing his head, my hands slammed against the mattress and grabbed handfuls of sheets, the fabric tearing as I balled my fists. I had learned to keep a supply of sheets on hand as I seemed to shred them regularly. 

After holding me there for an eternity, he opened his mouth with a pop, releasing my piercings and sending me crashing back against the bed. As the blood rushed back to my strained nipples the stimulus almost too much to take and I was moaning like a cheap whore. My breath was coming in labored gasps as I tried getting myself under control. "You evil fucker," I said, "That was mean."

"I didn't hear you complaining," he said as he began moving lower. Working down across my stomach, he dragged his tongue over my skin along the top of my jeans. Running his hands up and across my breasts again, he pulled the button of my jeans open with his teeth. I was tempted to laugh but his face was so serious that I didn't dare.

Quickly opening the buttons, he pulled my jeans open and ran his tongue over the front of my panties. Reaching down I ran my fingers through his hair as he ever so slowly tugged my jeans down. Just as he did with my shirt, he would tug a couple of inches before covering my skin in kisses. Most frustrating for me was that as my jeans got lower I was forced to keep my legs together and somehow he managed to leave my panties in place. 

Finally as he brought my jeans over my knees, I was ready to kick them off, but he grasped my legs and held them together as he finally stripped them off. Holding my knees together, he started kissing back up along the tops of my thighs. I was squirming impatiently when he pulled my legs apart and began kissing along the inside of my thighs. Even though I expected it, I let out a frustrated whimper when he skipped from one leg to another. 

Finally moving back up, I almost exploded the instant I felt his tongue pushing my panties between my lips. Gripping my hips, he was somehow driving his tongue deeper than I had ever felt before. I could feel the thin fabric along my hips digging in as he pushed my underwear into my pussy. "Oh fuck Rob don't stop," I cried out.

"I'm not," he said before gripping the fabric and ripping it off. Pushing deep between my lips, I screamed as I felt him start to fuck me with his tongue. It was more than enough to set me off and my hips began to buck as the orgasm overtook my body. My body was already wracked with pleasure when he brought his hand around and began rubbing my clit with his thumb. 

"FUCK," I screamed as the pleasure peaked to the point of excruciating. I'm fairly certain I blacked out for a few moments as I heard Rob chuckling as I cried out his name. Finally bringing me down off my peak, he pulled me to the edge of the bed. I'm not sure when, but at some point Rob had unbuttoned the fly of his jeans and fished out his cock. It was then that I realized he was living out some unspoken fantasy as he pulled my nude form against his fully dressed self.

Pulling me tight against him, Rob rubbed his cock against my clit before pulling back and burying himself with a single stroke. We both moaned as his hot flesh pierced my body, his hands on my thighs keeping him deep inside me as we savored the feeling. My pussy gripped at his shaft as he slowly withdrew before driving back into me. Keeping his strokes long, slow and powerful, I knew that walking was going to be a challenge later on.

"Oh fuck," Rob groaned, "you are always so tight." His pace began to pick up and soon he was slamming into me, the denim from his jeans rough against my inner thighs. Rob was always a fantastic lover and there was nothing he was doing that was different from other times we were together, but for some reason everything was just right. As usual once Rob started fucking me I was in an almost constant state of orgasm as my juices flowed around his cock. 

"Oh yes baby," I moaned, "fuck me. God your cock feels good." Glancing down I noticed my lower abdomen rising and falling with each stroke. I loved the way he felt inside me, the spongy head pushing my walls apart and filling me. 

Pulling out, Rob rolled me over and pulled my ass into the air. Reaching between my legs, I grasped his cock and guided it so the head rested between my lips. I love being fucked like this so Rob wasted no time before grabbing my hips and pulling back hard as his hips thrust forward. He immediately set a punishing pace that made it difficult to catch my breath or even moan.

Keeping my face pressed to the bed, my fists continued to further thrash the sheets. My world had turned into one giant unending sensation of bliss and I could not think of anywhere else I would rather be. Not that I was really all that capable of coherent thought at the moment. 

"Sara," Rob moaned as he pulled out, "turn over." I had been able to tell he was getting close as he started to lose his rhythm. Fighting back an orgasm is an excruciating experience for a guy; as all of your focus becomes holding back the inevitable. Rolling onto my back, I could see from his face that Rob was literally on the edge.

I think he had planned to cum on my stomach, but I had something else in mind. Grasping his shaft I pulled him forward with my legs, sinking his cock back into me. Just as his cock was fully inside me, I felt one of the best things I love about sex. Groaning loudly, Rob's cock began to twitch inside me and I could feel his hot seed splattering the walls of my pussy. With my legs wrapped around his waist the only thing Rob could do was enjoy the feeling of his cock filling spilling load after load inside me. 
