 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

Another chapter in the complicated life of Sara. Feel free to let me know what you think with your votes and your comments. It's your positive feedback that keeps the authors here on Lit motivated to write.





"How in the fuck do you know that name?" I snarled, closing the distance between us. I was so fucking tired of being played. "Rob, you have about ten seconds to answer my fucking question. After that you get a demonstration of just how strong I am when I'm pissed." I wanted to be wrong, I wanted there to be a logical explanation for him knowing about Gandalf.

"Whoa, whoa Sara, calm down," Rob said quickly backpedaling away from me as he realized that was the absolute wrong thing to say, "Jennifer, I know the name from Jennifer. She told all of us about him."

I was completely stunned. Why in the hell would Jennifer tell them about Gandalf? What good could possibly come out of them knowing about him? Does that mean they know the truth about me? Did she tell them absolutely everything? "What did she tell you and don't you dare lie to me?" I said, "I'm tired of people lying to me, and don't you even think of touching me." He had been moving towards me, but quickly stopped and dropped his arms.

Glaring, I watched as Rob crossed the room and sat on the bed. Patting the open spot next to him it was clear he wanted me to sit next to him. Stalking over to the round wooden table, I yanked out a chair and dropped into it. I wanted something between us in case I decided to attack him. "I'm not some dog you can just whistle and make jump," I said. I was trying to be calm but Rob seemed to be pushing all of my buttons at the moment.

"I'm sorry," Rob said his shoulders slumping as he rested his elbows on his legs, "I didn't mean for it to come across like that. I just wanted you to sit next to me." Standing up Rob walked out to the balcony for a couple of minutes before coming back into the room. Most people I'm sure would have been irritated by this, but I knew it was a family trait. They all liked to walk around and think before talking. "Jennifer called a family meeting right after your parents' funeral," he said, "You know how seriously we take those."

"I do," I said. I had actually been to a couple of their family meetings and was kind of impressed. Whomever called the meeting could bring up anything they felt was important and everyone else would sit and let them completely explain their position before commenting. It worked well to help resolve family issues.

I guess he was expecting more from me as it took a couple of minutes before he continued. "So at the family meeting she explained how the person we all cared about," he said, "the person we had always considered a member of the family wasn't actually dead as we had been told. She told us how you, Rick, were very much alive and trying to build a new life. Gandalf was part of that conversation and believe me; I don't need any additional reminders of your strength."



"So you've known this entire time," I said, "You've known since before that first date and you just let me tell lie after lie, story after story. Why? Why would you do that to me? For a family that you claim thought the world of me, you sure seemed content to let me twist in the wind." Watching Rob wince at my words I knew I had struck the truth. Having him knowing the truth should have been a giant weight off of my shoulders, but instead it felt like just another betrayal. I'm sure Gandalf was having a jolly good time over my pain. 

"When Jennifer sat us down and explained what had happened to you we were shocked, as you can imagine," he said, "It was difficult to believe, but she was so adamant about you being who she said you were eventually convinced us. None of us really knew how to deal with it but we were pissed something like that could happen to you." 

"So pissed that you were willing to let me dance like a trained monkey for your amusement," I yelled, "I hope you and your family enjoyed the show because it's sure as fuck over." Grabbing my bag of clothes I pulled out my jeans and started getting dressed.

"It's not like that," Rob said. I could tell from how he was fidgeting he wanted to get up and do something but I think he was afraid of how I would react.

"Really?" I said pulling my shirt on over my head, "It's not like that? Exactly what the fuck is it like then? I spent hours yesterday just sitting my ass in the surf beating myself up for running away and not facing my problems head on. Now I see I shouldn't have bothered." I was all but shaking in anger over being played once again and was fairly certain that once this was over, Tiffany would be the only one in my life.

"Sara for fucks sake, stop it," Rob said getting to his feet, "Jennifer told us because she cares about you. She told us about Michelle's plan to try and break you free from Gandalf, and how she volunteered me to help." Walking over to me, Rob reached out and took my hand. "You said at the restaurant how you said goodbye to Rick a long time ago. When I look at you, I see you, I see Sara, not Rick. From the moment you poked your head around that corner, not once have I seen Rick when I look at you. I meant it when I said I was here because I wanted to be."

He was throwing my own words in my face and even if they were the truth, they were still bitter to swallow. The fact that was, Rick was a part of my life that was long dead. I was Sara and I was comfortable in being a woman and everything that came with it. My anger drained as I realized I wasn't upset with Rob, I was pissed at the situation. While I had come to accept myself and even Jennifer had readily accepted me, I just couldn't imagine anyone else who knew Rick choosing to be with me. 

"Sara, please look at me," Rob said as I stared at his fingers intertwined with mine. It took his free hand cupping my chin to get me face him. "I didn't say anything because I wanted you to relax and be yourself. We had so much fun at lunch and the racetrack and you seemed so comfortable, I didn't want to ruin it." Pulling me against his chest Rob wrapped me up in his arms. "The last thing I wanted to do was hurt you and I'm sorry."

"I know in my heart that you didn't mean to hurt me," I said, "and I am sorry for driving off. I should know better. Honestly, I wanted to see you and Tiffany make love, but only after we were together and I know that finding you two was my punishment. My punishment from Gandalf for daring to think I could be free. That's why he did it when I was sitting in jail so he could spring me just in time for you to finish."

"Why did you want to see us together?" Rob asked.

"Are you sure you want to know?" I asked, "You might not like the answer."

"Sara there have been too many secrets in this relationship," Rob said, "We need to be honest with each other if this is going anywhere. Hold on for a minute." Pulling away from me Rob grabbed the phone and ordered two turkey sandwiches and drinks from room service. "Ok sorry, was getting hungry."

"Really? I'm getting ready to spill my guts and you order food?"

"I was just, yeah that was pretty stupid," Rob said.

"You think."

"I'm sorry," Rob said, "I did get you a sandwich as well." It seems that Rob's little half smile was put to use when he was in trouble as well. 

"Yes I know, and that's the only reason I am not kicking your ass at the moment," I said, "You should probably get some pants on, unless you're planning to invite room service in to play." Seeing the smirk on my face, Rob grabbed his jeans and pulled them on. I was still not happy with him, but watching him dress was disappointing as my new favorite toy vanished from view. 

A few minutes later there was a knock and as Rob went to answer the door I headed out to the balcony. "I don't think you would have wanted him to join us," Rob said setting my sandwich down, "I'm pretty sure he was about six hundred years old." Dropping into the chair next to me Rob was smiling as he dug into his sandwich.

"I don't mind older guys, but I'll pass on anyone more than a century older than me," I said, "Although he might have a trick or two he could teach you." A cheap shot I know, but the look on Rob's face was completely worth it. Digging into his sandwich Rob didn't really reply with much more than a scowl. We ate in relative silence and it wasn't until our plates sat empty that conversation picked back up. 

"So you were about to tell me something I wouldn't like?" Rob said.

"Yes I was," I said, "Right up to the point your stomach overpowered your brain." 

"I'm never going to live that down am I?" he asked.

"No," I said, "I'll be honest with you. I'm not sure how you're going to react to this." I could feel my nerves starting to get to me as I came closer to telling him how I was really feeling.

"This is about Tiffany isn't it?"

I felt like a balloon with all the air suddenly whooshing out. "Let me guess, Jennifer?" I asked. I really wish she had told me she was planning on telling everything ahead of time. It would have saved me a serious headache.

"Yeah, it is," I said.

"Sara," Rob said, "Jennifer made the nature of your relationship with Tiffany perfectly clear to me, and I have no intention of trying to take you away from her. Would I like to have you to myself? Of course I would, but that's not really an option is it?"

"No, not really," I said, "There are two people I care about more than anything else in the world, you and Tiffany. When this started, I didn't expect to fall for you as hard as I have, but I don't regret a second of it."

"Come here," Rob said wrapping me up in his arms. Resting my head against his chest as his arms engulfed me, I felt safe and more content than I had in a long time. It was a feeling I never wanted to end.

Rob and I spent most of the remaining days naked in our room. We would emerge for the occasional meal when room service just didn't hold anything appetizing. On one particular trip, Rob returned with all of the ingredients for an ice cream sundae, which somehow lead to me being tied to the bed blindfolded as he slowly covered my body in whipped cream and warm chocolate sauce. Just a warning though, when whipped cream melts it can find its way into a variety of crevices. Rob however was very thorough when it came to cleaning me up, and I doubt I have an inch of skin he hasn't tasted. 

I was a little melancholy when Sunday morning rolled around and it was time to head back to Tempe. Despite the rough start, the week had been fantastic, and I had been able to forget about Gandalf and Heather and just relax. For a brief time I lost myself in the world of just being Sara, a normal twenty something woman and Rob's girlfriend. Now, going back to Tempe, I knew that my world would somehow be turned upside down once again.

The drive back was strangely uneventful. More than once, I considered fishing Rob's cock out of his jeans and sucking him until he filled my mouth, but I never did. Of course the car being a manual transmission probably had something to do with that. Still, I enjoyed the drive and when we pulled onto my street I couldn't help but smile at seeing my jeep in the driveway. Stopping in front of the house, Rob carried my bags inside and set them in my room. 

"The three of us need to talk, don't we?" Rob said, "Talk about how this is going to work."

"Yeah we do," I said.

"I almost drove us to my place," he said. His honesty made me smile.

I reached out to caress his cheek as he moved to take me into his arms. "I know," I said before he pressed his lips to mine. The kiss was tender and passionate and everything you want from the person you love. We seemed to stand there forever before finally, slowly we broke the kiss.

"I need to get going," Rob said, "I already know I'm going to be shit at work tomorrow."

"It's ok," I said, "I'm probably going to pass out once you leave."

"I don't think I'll be staying up that late tonight either," he said, "Someone wore me out this last week."

"I don't recall hearing you complain," I said.

"I'm not complaining, I'm just saying," Rob said.

"Better not be," I said, "Ok get going and I will see you soon." I followed Rob out to the car for one last kiss before watching him drive off. 

Letting myself into the house, I dragged my feet slowly down the hall and into my bedroom. Dropping my bag on the floor, I turned on the shower before slowly undressing and stepping under the water. After quickly scrubbing down, I lost track of how long I stood with the water cascading down my body. It wasn't until I realized the water had gained a chill that I turned it off and toweled dry. Crawling between sheets I quickly dozed off.

It was still daylight when an incessant banging on the front door pulled me from my slumber. Glancing at the clock, I saw that I had been asleep for several hours and felt much better than before. Pulling on some shorts and a tank top, I headed towards the front door and after glancing through the peephole I saw Kim standing outside. Opening the door I saw such a look of relief on Kim's face as to be frightening. "Oh thank god you're safe," Kim said.

"What's going on," I asked. 

"Another body was found in that alleyway," Kim said, "She appears to have been killed in the same manner and was marked the same as Tina, but physically she could be a match for you. Her face was pummeled to the point of being unrecognizable, that's why I'm here."

"Jesus," I said, "That's just what I want to hear. Do you think its Heather?"

"We don't know," Kim said, "but it seems likely. When you didn't answer your phone we feared the worst."

"Rob and I just got back from San Diego this morning," I said, "I was catching a nap before Tiffany gets home, so I didn't hear the phone."

"I'll let Tom know you're ok," Kim said, "so we can try and figure out who this poor girl is. I'll tell you the truth, but I don't think hers is the last body we are going to find."

"I hope you're wrong," I said, "but I don't think you are. Do you want to come inside?"

"No, I can't," Kim said, "Tom and I got moved to the afternoon shift and he asked me to swing by as I was on my way in."

"Ok Kim," I said, "I'll see you later."

"Later Sara," Kim said as she walked to her car. Watching Kim walk away, I couldn't help but think about what could possibly have driven Heather to start killing people, if it really was her. Closing the door, I considered going back to bed but I wasn't even remotely tired. With nothing else left to do, I started cleaning up around the house.

Hours passed and I realized I had heard nothing from Tiffany. Grabbing my phone I began to call Mike when the front door suddenly opened and a severely drunk and ragged Tiffany stumbled through the door and in truth, she looked like hell. Her tiny black dress was stained and torn, she was only carrying one shoe, and I could see where she had cum sticking in her hair. Alcohol was seeping from her pores, making the whole room smell like a spilled bottle of rum. Stumbling to a stop, her eyes momentarily focused on me before glazing back over. "Oh, look whose home. I'm going to go throw up now," Tiffany said before covering her mouth and running towards the bathroom. 

I'm not sure how, but she managed to make it to the toilet before her stomach began to empty itself. Grabbing her hair, I pulled it back and held it as she repeatedly heaved into the bowl. Plucking a band from the counter, I tied her hair into a ponytail before getting up and turning on the shower. As the water warmed, I stripped out of my clothes and once Tiffany seemed to stop heaving I helped her up. Pulling her dress off I was able to get a closer look to realize just how much cum was in her hair and on her body. It looked like she had been with at least a dozen guys. 

Giving her a glass of water to rinse out her mouth, I waited for her to finish before pulling her into the shower. Taking the hand held sprayer I began to rinse the thin layer of cum from the front of her body. Running my fingers across her skin it seemed as if her entire torso was covered. "Tiffany who did this to you?" I asked. Grabbing her scrubber, I lathered it up with her body wash and began scrubbing her body clean.

"Who did what?" Tiffany said.

"Tiffany please, no games," I said, "You smell like sperm and alcohol and your hair has more cum in it than I think I've ever seen." Rinsing the soap off, I poured her shampoo into her hair and began lathering her up. I had to wash it three times before I was satisfied that I had gotten everything out.

"I went out to a club on Friday night with some people from work and met a guy named Rick," Tiffany said, "He was really good looking and we started talking and dancing all night. I'm not sure why I left with him, I certainly didn't plan on hooking up with anyone, but we ended up at his hotel and spent all weekend fucking. It's funny, now that I think about it; he looked almost exactly like you did before."

Despite the steaming hot water running down our bodies, I felt a chill run up my spine. "He looked like me?" I asked. Taking a few moments to examine her body, I didn't see any damage beyond what would come from a good hard fucking.

"Yeah, he did," she said, "Now that I think about it, he could have been your twin. Is it weird that I would be attracted to someone who looks just like the old you? He even said to say Hi to you, though I don't remember telling him about you."

"What exactly did he say?" I asked.

"He said to tell Sara that Rick says Hi," she said.

I felt a pit in my stomach open as the realization of who she likely spent the weekend with dawned on me. With the two dead girls and now Tiffany's weekend activity I was fairly certain Heather had been transformed into a man, fucking Gandalf and his games. Pulling Tiffany out of the shower, I wrapped her up in her towel before sticking her loaded toothbrush in her hand. She seemed a bit steadier on her feet than before so once she finished I led her into the bedroom and tucked her in. 

Jumping back into the shower, I quickly washed my hair and body, having been focused on Tiffany the first time around. I needed to let someone know about Heather but who would believe me. Tom and Kim would as well as everyone who knew about me but beyond that, no one. Quickly drying off, I tried to keep the feeling of utter dread under control but I had a feeling I wouldn't be sleeping well tonight. Finally crawling into the bed, I envied Tiffany and her alcohol fueled snore as I stared at the ceiling counting holes.

I know I slept for a bit, but the sunlight streaming through the blinds woke me completely. At some point in the night Tiffany had wrapped herself around me so I gently extracted myself before dashing to the bathroom. Having finished my business, I was brushing my teeth when I heard Tiffany's voice from the bedroom, "Sara?" I could sense the hesitation and fear in her voice as she awaited an answer. I had the feeling she wasn't completely sure who was in the bathroom.

Poking my head around the corner with my brush still in my mouth I smiled at her, "Yeah, Tiff?" I knew I was going to have to tell her what I suspected but I had to see if she was hung over first. The look on her face was one of absolute remorse as she knew I was the one who cleaned her up. There was far too much going on for me to be upset at her and if Gandalf was helping Heather get her victims I was certain there was nothing Tiffany could have done to resist her.
