 Hurry up and wait; that was the order of business for Larik'Ni, a teal skinned Birran flight controller for planet Haven's docking port. Haven's name was a bit of a misnomer, for the second planet in the Tref system was anything but a true haven. Officially known in Planetary Coalition registries as Tref 2, Haven was nothing more than a large chunk of rock that coalesced from the planetary debris left over from when the original Tref star went supernova billions of years ago. Now all that was left were two rocky planets orbiting a violent pulsar. 

The Tref system was not claimed by any of the spacefaring peoples; it had no strategic significance whatsoever. But for those wanting to get away from the rest of the universe, it was perfect. The radiation flowing from the pulsar's twin streamers could fry any ship, even with its radiation shields at full. The only reason the cities of Haven were safe was because they were far underground, shielded from the deadly particles by the planet itself. This natural isolation made it tough to get what the settlement needed to survive. It was hard to find anyone brave or foolhardy enough to risk certain death. 

It was for this reason that Larik'Ni didn't usually have much to to do. Even now she didn't have much to do. Haven was right in the path of Tref's particle streamers. Any ship wanting to land or depart had to wait until Haven's orbit took it out of the path of the radiation jets. Currently there was only one ship waiting for landing clearance; an old Hyperion class cargo ship called the Arrowhead. Larik'Ni had been in contact for the better part of six hours with both the captain and the first mate, but they had signed off some time ago leaving the ship at station keeping. Larik'Ni didn't know what they were doing, but she hoped they weren't nearly as bored as she was. Hurry up and wait. It was a way of life at Haven, and for Larik'Ni it was a necessary evil. She had no place else to go. 

James Barret and Endira Vas both knew that the Arrowhead would be holding its position for at least a day waiting to rendezvous with Haven at a safe point in the planet's orbit. Barret and Vas were delivering artificial intelligence matrices to Haven's new shipyard. Barret wasn't too comfortable with this job due to the radiation hazards, but had agreed to do it when he was told how much they would be paid; the equivalent of five cargo runs. They would have the extra funds they needed to finally take the Arrowhead in for a much needed refit.

Barret and Vas had retired to their cramped quarters to kill time as best they could. Their flight suits long since discarded, Vas was now on her back cupping her ample tits while Barret's tongue eagerly attended to her slick pussy. Vas moaned with each stroke of Barret's tongue against her swollen green clit, and would writhe and arch her back when he sucked it into his mouth and gently nibbled it. Barret looked up at his wife and bond mate as she breathed heavily, noticing the sweat glistening on her purple skin, and slipped a couple of fingers inside her.

"I'd rather have your cock," Vas moaned. 

"Are you saying you don't want me to get you off first?" he coyly asked before he sucked her clit back into his mouth.

"I didn't say that," she sighed. "Ooooh yes..... your fingers are nice, but.. oh don't stop.... your dick is that much better." Suddenly, Vas's skin lightened in tone to lavender and her body began to tremble. "Oh yeeeeeesssssss," she moaned as an orgasm surged through her body.

In Vas's mind, humans had turned foreplay into an art. Where her people, the Muldaxians, would use their hands to stimulate their mates and partners before sex, the humans had the genius to use their mouths. Vas herself had become quite adept at sucking cock. The first time she did that for Barret, he came on her face instead of in her mouth because of the Muldaxian taboo about only letting a woman's bond mate cum inside of her. But after they bonded, she insisted on tasting his cum. Now she did it on a regular basis. Right now, though, she wanted his cock in her pussy more than she wanted to taste him.

After what seemed like an endless orgasm, Barret finally relented and climbed on top of her. Vas grabbed his face and kissed him hungrily, practically sucking her juices off his face. He was about to slide his cock into her pussy when she stopped him.

"Nuh uh," she said. "You deserve a rest. I'll drive." Vas nudged him to lay on his back and grabbed his cock. She gave the head a quick kiss before taking it into her mouth. After pumping his cock with her mouth a few times, she straddled him and eased his bulging member into her naturally hairless snatch. 

Slowly she rode him, enjoying the feel of his cock as it stretched her out. Barret grabbed hold of her ass and moved his hips in time with hers, following her lead. Vas built up speed until finally she was bucking wildly. Barret reached for her clit and gently pinched her slick nub. That drove Vas over the edge again and she came in a violent fury, collapsing on Barret's chest, unable to move. 

After those waves had stopped, Barret gently eased Vas off of him and onto her back. "Are you sure you're not part Muldaxian?" she panted, finding it hard to believe that he was wearing her out instead of the other way around. Her people were well known for their sexual prowess. In fact, the only race that was more well known for their talents in the bedroom were the Birrans. Vas believed that humans should be added to that list.

"I'm sure," he chuckled. "You want to stop for a while?"

Vas looked down at his fully engorged eight inch cock. "Not on your life!" Vas never let a good hard-on go to waste.

This time when Barret climbed on top of her, Vas didn't stop him. Instead she grabbed his cock and guided it into her waiting pussy. Once he was buried to the hilt, she wrapped her legs around his waist and started grinding against him. He was painfully slow at first, withdrawing almost completely from her pussy before sliding himself back in. 

"Stop torturing me," Vas begged. "Please, James, go faster." But Barret didn't heed her wishes. Instead he started kissing and nibbling her pointed ear while he kept the slow pace. Vas mewed and squirmed, hoping to entice her mate to fuck her harder. Finally, Barret had mercy on her and slammed his cock into her with a mighty thrust. Vas cried out in surprise and dug her nails into Barret's back.

"Is this what you want?" Barret grunted, picking up the pace. "You want it like this?"

"Oh Goddesses yes! Yeeeesssssss!!!!!!" Vas tightened her grip on Barret as another powerful orgasm rocked her. Her pussy throbbed around his cock, almost milking it. He added his own cries of pleasure to their climactic symphony as his dick exploded, sending bursts of hot cum deep inside of her. After what seemed like a blissful eternity, their orgasms subsided and Barret lay down on his mate. Vas gratefully accepted his weight and she kissed his sweaty face. "Thank you," she panted.

Barret let out a chuckle and looked Vas in her gorgeous silver eyes. "I should be thanking you!" He withdrew himself and rolled beside her. "You're amazing."

"So are you, my love."

The following day Haven was finally out of the path of the deadly particle streamers, and Larik'Ni finally had something to do. "Okay, Captain Barret," she said. "The auto nav system is activated and linked to your AI matrix. Just sit back and enjoy the ride."

"Copy that, Haven control," Barret replied. "We're in your hands now."

"And what good hands they are, Captain." Narik'Li replied. Even though she hadn't seen what the good captain looked like, she could tell he was hot. Or maybe that was just the fact that she was a Birran and hadn't been laid in a while. No, it was because Captain Berret was a human, and a human male once showed her great kindness. In fact, his name had been Barret, too.

In the copilot's seat, Vas snickered. "I think she likes you."

"Nah," Barret replied. "She doesn't even know what I look like."

"She sounds like a woman of good taste, to me," Vas insisted. "I'll bet she knows quality when she hears it." Barret was quiet for a moment. "Something wrong?"

"Just thinking," he finally replied. "About seven years ago I met a Birran girl named Larik'Ni. The ship I was serving on, the Endeavor, was doing joint drills with a Coalition starship. I was just a junior lieutenant at the time. Anyway, we received a distress call from a clan ship that had been attacked by marauders. Narik'Li's whole family had been on that ship. She was the only survivor." 

Vas closed her eyes. The Birrans were not known for their treatment of orphans. "What happened to her after you found her?"

"She went to the Birran consulate, and that was the last I heard of her." Barret looked over at his mate. "She was really young, Vas. She was twenty and had just had her coming of age ceremony.  Just like that she had everything taken from her. I doubt this is the same girl, but...." he trailed of. "I don't know. I always thought that I could have done more to help her. I mean, I kind of knew what she was going through, being an orphan myself and all."

Vas smiled and cupped Barret's cheek. "You have such a big heart, James. That's one of the things I love about you. Meet with Larik'Ni after we land. It could be her. The Goddesses work in mysterious ways, as does the universe itself. Maybe it's time for you to see her again."

"I don't believe in fate, honey, you know that."

"Maybe fate believes in you."

The docking procedure went smoothly, and soon the Arrowhead had come to rest many kilometers underground in the Haven docking port. A cadre of workers, all from varying worlds, had assembled to unload the shipment of AI matrices. Among them was an off duty Larik'Ni. She had to know if this Captain Barret was the same man as the Lieutenant Barret she had met seven years ago. Instead of a human male, she first met a Muldaxian female. "Endira Vas, I presume. I am Larik'Ni."

"A pleasure to meet you," Vas said with a nod. Vas looked the Birram woman over; teal skin, red hair, and solid yellow eyes with no pupils. Unlike Vas, who had gained some muscle mass over the last few months from the loading and unloading of freight, Larik'Ni was very slender; she almost looked fragile. Vas, however, knew that most Birran were like this, and were a lot more sturdy than they looked. 

Vas's eyes kept coming to Larik'Ni's chest. In human terms, Larik'Ni would have a B cup, smaller than Vas's own D cup breasts, but the Birrans had three tits instead of two. "If you're looking for James, he's in the cargo hold overseeing the last few containers. He should be out shortly."

Larik'Ni was nervously playing with her hair. "Thank you."

"Are you okay?"

"I once met a human named Barret many years ago," Larik'Ni replied. "I am afraid that this man might be him. And that he might not be him, if that makes any sense."

Vas smiled. "It's funny, while we were docking James told me that he once met a woman named Larik'Ni and was wondering if you were the same person."

"I was no woman back then, Ms. Endira," Larik'Ni said. "I had just had my coming of age and taken my first lover. I still do not think of myself as fully grown."

"Who does?" Vas smirked. 

"That should do it," a deep voice coming from the Arrowhead's cargo hold declared. "We are completely unloaded." When he emerged from the ship, she saw who his mate had been talking to. Blue eyes met with yellow. It had been several years, but they recognized each other immediatley. Larik'Ni launched herself into her former rescuer's arms. "It really is you," she sobbed.

A tear formed in Vas's eye as she watched this. She had a feeling that Larik'Ni was the woman Barret had been talking about. The first part was done. Now all she had to do was get them into bed; Larik'Ni's body language when she spoke of Barret told Vas that this woman wanted her mate, and wanted him bad.

Haven's governor, a Korulam male named Jolek, had requested that Barret and Vas meet with him after the matrices had been offloaded, sorted, and sent where they needed to go. Since Haven would soon be in the path of the particle streamers again, the Arrowhead wouldn't be going anywhere for a while. And since the sorting of the cargo containers would also take some time, Vas and Barret were being treated to lunch by their Birran hostess. Larik'Ni was handling their orders at an Earth style outdoor cafe, leaving Vas and Barret to talk in peace.

"You're doing it again," Barret said to his mate.

"Doing what?" Vas was feigning innocence.

"Trying to get me to take another woman to bed with me."

"And that's bad how?" Vas was smiling at him. "Sweetie, this is part of my culture. We share our mates with others. And believe me, you're so good in bed that it would be a crime not to share you! Besides, I can count on one hand the number of women, other than me, who you've been with since we bonded. I lost count of how many men I've been with."

"I didn't know this was a contest."

"It's not, James." She reached for his hands. She was going to bring up something painful for Barret, and wanted to soften the blow. 

"I know that, when you and Alu were together, she was sick," Vas said, referring to Barret's first bond mate. "You had to care for her instead of being able to truly live with her. This is part of what it means to be bonded. We share out mates with others, who share their mates with us. It's the Muldaxian way. You've let me have my fun, sweetie, but you haven't had any yourself. Besides, this woman wants you, and she's a Birran. I'd give my left tit to fuck a Birran! To tell you the truth, I'm a little jealous. Larik'Ni is gorgeous! I'd fuck her, and I've never even kissed another woman before."

"Why don't you sleep with her then?" he teased.

"Maybe I will. After you've been with her. Besides, I love to hear you talk about what other women are like in bed. It makes me really horny when you do." 

Following lunch, Barret had excused himself to the restroom, leaving Vas and Larik'Ni to their own devices. "So what happened to you after you were left at the consulate?"

"I went from camp to camp and planet to planet," Larik'Ni replied. "My people have very little use for those who have no family. Eventually I came here, and made a place for myself."

"You want my mate," Vas said in a matter of fact voice.

"Yes, I do," the teal skinned woman replied. "I was a bit taken with him when I first met him, and I have become quite fond of bedding humans. What they can do with their tongues is mind blowing!"

"I love it when James eats my pussy," Vas groaned. Being so close to this stunning creature and talking about her man's skills was making Vas wetter than she'd been in quite some time. "I have to admit, I'm a little jealous," Vas said. "I've long fantasized about bedding one of your kind."

A predatory smile Larik'Ni's lips. "I can arrange that," she purred. "Do you like being with women?"

"I've never done it. But I have been curious."

"Do not deny your curiosity, Vas."

They were about to kiss when Vas stopped her. "Not here. I'm so horny right now that if I kiss you here, we'll be on the ground fucking in two seconds. Besides, you and James have some unfinished business. Later, before we leave, how about we both attack James?"

"I like the way you Muldaxians think," Larik'Ni said.

Larik'Ni had that entire day off, and had convinced Vas and Barret to walk her back to her apartment. They had just reached her door when Vas excused herself. "You have some catching up to do. I'm going to go back to the ship."

"Vas," Barret started to say, but she silenced him by clamping her mouth to his and invading it with her tongue. "Don't forget to give me a full report later, mister," she said before kissing him again and sauntering off.

Barret looked over at Larik'Ni, who he could tell was restraining herself. "You two planned this."

"We did," she admitted. "Are you complaining?"

"Not at all."

As soon as her door closed, Narik'Li was all over Barret. Her hand was grasping for his cock through his flight suit and her tongue was eagerly probing his mouth. Barret's hands were firmly grasping and massaging the taut mounds of her ass, causing her to moan into his mouth. "I have dreamed of this for seven years," she said after breaking the kiss.

"I hope I don't disappoint you."

"If you can make love to a Muldaxian on a regular basis and keep her coming back for more, then you can surely satisfy me." She started to unzip his flight suit.

"You know that I can't cum in you," he said as she slid the garment off his shoulders, revealing his chest to her. 

Larik'Ni ran her fingers through his chest hair and gently pinched his nipples. "You follow your mate's traditions." She ran her tongue over one of Barret's now erect nipples. "Do not worry, we will find someplace for you to cum."  

Larik'Ni pushed Barret's flight suit and his boxer briefs down to his ankles. His eight inch cock was fully erect and pointing skyward. "Very nice," Narik'Li purred.

"This isn't fair, Larik'Ni," Barret said. "I'm naked and you're not."

"So you are," she said. She reached behind her back and pulled down the zipper of her form fighting garment. It was a plain grey body suit that was so tight Barret could see all three of her nipples poking through in anticipation. "Come with me to my bedchamber," she said. "I will continue the unveiling there."

The clothes came off in a fury when they reached her bed, and Barret immediately went for Narik'Li's pussy. She had a triangular patch of red hair on her mound, with the tip pointing at her navel. He spread her lips and probed her with his tongue, barely making contact with the blue nub of her clit. Barret looked up at Narik'Li, and saw her fondling two of her breasts, bringing her dark blue nipples to a point. "Please do not stop," she sighed. "Make me cum with your mouth." Barret smiled at her, and returned his attentions to her slit. He licked circles around her erect nub, making her squirm. 

Finally, he sucked it into his mouth and flicked it repeatedly with his tongue, making the Birran woman scream in delight. Before long, she arched her back and her muscles tensed up; her climax practically froze her in place. Barret continued attacking Larik'Ni's clit as she came, taking her to a level of pleasure she hadn't reached in a very long time. Finally, her orgasm over, she reluctantly pulled Barret's face away from her snatch. "You humans are incredible," she panted. "The things you do with your mouths."

"Vas says the same thing."

"Then she is a woman of exquisite taste. Now come, let me pleasure you."

Barret rolled on his back, giving Narik'Li easy access to his cock. She licked the pre cum from the head, and lightly swirled her tongue around it. Finally Narik'Ni took his cock in her mouth and swallowed it, massaging his dick with her throat.

"Fuck!" he groaned. "No one's deep throated me in a long time."

Narik'Li released him. "Not even your mate?"

"She tried once and gagged herself. I haven't asked her to do it since."

Narik'Li slowly stroked Barret's length. She was torn between sucking him some more and fucking him. Barret solved the dilemma for her. "Get on your back," he said. She happily complied.

Barret eased his bulging cock into Larik'Ni's cunt, and was immediately rewarded with the feeling of her walls constricting around him; hugging every contour of his dick. "Do not hold back," she begged. 

Barret had no intention of it. He thrust into her and pumped hard, making Larik'Ni cry out in pleasure each time. Barret kissed her where her neck and shoulder meet, a powerful erogenous zone for Birrans. That drove her over the edge immediately and she hugged Barret tightly, lest she throw him off of her while in the throes of orgasm. When those waves subsided, Barret turned his attention to her center breast, flicking the nipple with his tongue.
