 This story is a work of fiction solely from the twisted mind of Chromex. Any resemblance to any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All characters are of at least 18 years of age unless otherwise specifically mentioned. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission

 Another chapter in the complicated life of Sara. Feel free to let me know what you think with your votes and your comments. It's your positive feedback that keeps the authors here on Lit motivated to write.



"What in the fuck were you thinking?" I yelled at Rob as he sat on the floor clutching at the side of his face. He's fortunate that I only slapped him. If I had actually closed my fist, I'm fairly certain I would have broken his jaw. "Is that all I am to you now?" I said, "A toy that you play with and let your friends borrow like an old video game?"

 "I'm sorry," Rob said slowly getting to his feet, "Honestly I didn't think it would be that big of a deal." Seriously, did Rob attend some sort of master class on how to say the absolute wrong thing? 

 "Not that big of a deal?" I screamed, coming oh so close to going ahead and breaking his jaw for the fuck of it, "What fucking planet are you from where telling your girlfriend, who by the way was raped a few days ago by someone who wants to kill her and happens to be wearing her old face, that she has to fuck someone because of a bet isn't a big deal?"

 "SARA," Tiffany yelled standing there dripping wet, her body covered with a hastily wrapped towel.

 "What?" I snapped back at her.

 "Stop it," she said her tone the same as when she told me to fuck Jack, "Stop it right the fuck now." God, I wanted to scream back at her, but I couldn't. It was literally impossible for me to keep yelling, so I chose a different approach. 

 "Fine," I said staring at Rob, "You want me to fuck this guy then I will, but your ass will be sitting in the room fully dressed the entire time." I know he gets off watching me fuck, but he doesn't realize that he's touched me for the last time. "Just to be clear," I said, "It's just him right? You didn't promise his whole crew that they would get a piece of your whore did you? "

 Rob slowly shook his head no. "Sara," Rob started. 

 "Rob just stop," I said, "Nothing you could possibly say right now would make this better. You whored me out on a bet and making sure I would do it was more important to you than where I was, or even if I was ok. Literally your first words were glad you're ok and I need your help with this bet." Tiffany was staring angrily at Rob but I wasn't sure which thing she was angry about. 

 "Sara, can we please talk about this?" Rob pleaded.

 "No, I don't think so," I said, "Now if you don't mind, your whore is going to take a bath." I must have been emphasizing it more than I realized because every time I said whore Rob flinched. 

 "Sara," Tiffany said her tone in absolute command mode, "we really need to."

 "Tiffany if you value what we have in any way, then you will not utter another word," I interrupted my voice frighteningly calm. Walking around them both, I started down the hallway before I realized that I had to say something else. "You know, I never asked for any of this," I said, "I never asked to spend ten years in a coma or to wake up as a porn star marionette. What kind of life would I have had? I'll never know because I wasn't given the chance to live it. It may have been fucked up but at least it would have been the one I chose."

 Stepping into my room, I closed and locked my door for the first time since I'd moved in. Removing my workout clothes, I turned the water on to start filling the tub. The mirrors quickly fogged up from all the steam rising from the almost scalding water. Adding some bath salts to the water, I lit a couple of candles before killing the lights. Setting my iPod up with its speaker on the sink, I picked a relaxing playlist before sinking into the water. 

 The water was way hotter than it should have been, but the pain seemed to give me clarity. I could see my skin turning pink as I submerged more and more of my body. Finally fully in the tub, I leaned back and closed my eyes, trying to comprehend what was happening in my life. 

 Why were the people I cared about suddenly turning away from me? Was I changing or were they? The fact that Rob didn't see anything wrong with whoring me out absolutely floored me. I could, to some extent, see his point. Since my existence revolves around sex, what difference would one more guy make, except he was missing the most important part. By using me as a bet, he destroyed what little control I had over my own life. Even without Tiffany telling me to fuck Jack, had Rob been ok with it I might have done so anyways. Now I find myself not giving a fuck what Rob thinks.

 Eventually the water began to cool, so I took that as a sign to go ahead wash my hair and body before getting out. Wrapping myself in a fluffy red towel, I went and sat on my bed to dry. A loud grumble from my stomach killed my plans to spend the rest of the night in my room. Slipping into my pajamas, I opened door and stepped into the darkened hallway. A light shone from under Tiffany's door and I could hear the murmur of voices. 

 Reaching the kitchen I flipped on the light before grabbing a bowl from the cupboard. It may seem silly to have a bowl of Crunch Berries at nine p.m. but since there was a distinct lack of carne asada burritos in the fridge, it would have to do. I had to move flowers out of the way before I was able to take a seat at the table and I found myself reading and rereading the cards. I had to smile at Jack's determination if nothing else. After rinsing out my bowl, I killed the lights and headed back to my room. I was just through my door when I heard Tiffany cry out in passion and Rob's voice coaxing her on.

 I wanted to just kick down her door and do, I don't know what, but I realized that it wasn't worth the effort or the pain. If Tiffany wanted Rob that badly then she could have him. Maybe it was finally time to move on with my life and strike out on my own. As I crawled under my covers, I kept expecting the tears to start to flow but there was nothing, the expected pain never arrived, just a whole not of nothing.

 I awoke the next morning feeling better than I had in a long time. The surprisingly dreamless night had let my body and mind get the rest it needed to refresh and recharge. I'd slept for nearly twelve hours and so I wasn't surprised that Tiffany and Rob were long gone. After downing a banana and pulling a monster from the fridge, I started walking around the house inventoring my stuff. In truth, I had very little outside of my room that actually belonged to me and none of that was furniture. 

 I could easily afford a house, but what would be the point other than having empty space to clean. Grabbing a quick shower, I threw on jeans and a sweatshirt before heading out to grab apartment guides. It was strange how good taking charge of this one small portion of my life made me feel. I picked up several guides from a Circle K and headed towards a nearby park. I felt like I was truly ready to take charge of my own life at least a little and move on. 

 The park was mostly deserted being as it was a school day so I found a picnic table and started going through the apartment guides. I was surprised at how many different apartment complexes there really were in the Phoenix area but I was able to narrow down my search pretty quickly. I really liked the part of Tempe in which we lived, so I knew I wanted to stay in the immediate area. As I crossed off complex after complex, I decided that I was going to wait until after I paid off Rob's bet before moving out. 

 With my list narrowed down to seven complexes, I decided to spend the rest of the day checking them out. The first two places were okay, nothing really to write home about. I was pulling into the third place on my list when I noticed a guy standing out on his balcony watching me as I pulled in. I didn't really think much of it but when the tour was over and I went to leave he was still there watching me cross the parking lot. I stood by the jeep for a minute before I realized that he had his arms down to his side and I was fairly certain he was jerking off. Shaking my head, I crossed the complex off my list and drove away.

 I really liked the next four complexes I looked at, but it was the last one I decided I wanted to live in. The upstairs unit I looked at was at the end of the building and when I stepped out onto the balcony I noticed that its location and the nearby trees made it surprisingly private. I would still be able to sunbathe outside without worrying about anyone seeing me. It was a two bedroom, two bath apartment and it was perfect. Going back to the office, I was surprised at the stack of paperwork that awaited me.

 I had been smart enough to bring my check book and pay stubs so the financial end wasn't a big deal. Having to get power and cable taken care of was going to be fun as I had no idea where to go. Between getting the utilities turned and waiting for the deposit check to clear, I figured I had a few days before I could move in giving me time to pack up and buy some furniture. I had to laugh as this was really happening. 

 "Hey, hey Blue," I heard someone calling as I walked to the jeep. It took a second to realize that were talking about my hair so I turned around to see a young guy jogging towards me. 

 "Can I help you?" I asked. He was pretty good looking with dark hair and eyes. He was wearing an Arizona State sweatshirt, but I couldn't tell if he was still a student or not. 

 "Sorry about calling you blue," he said, "but I couldn't think of any other way to get your attention short of throwing myself in front of your jeep. So, are you moving in here?" 

 "That's the plan," I said laughing at him, "Were you really planning on jumping in front of me as I drove away?"

 "Absolutely, but only as a last resort" he said, "I'm Sam. So when do you move in?"

 "Are you this nosey about all the new tenants?" I asked. 

 "No," he said, "just the ridiculusly hot ones." 

 "Well at least you're honest," I said, "and not for a few days. I still have some things to take care of before they will turn over the keys." Climbing into the jeep, I started it up as he stepped right next to the door.

 "I'm not letting you leave without at least telling me your name," he said. 

 "Sara," I said. 

 "Always one of my favorite names," he said, "Can I ask you something else?"

 "Sam, you're cute," I said my face completely serious, "but it's not going to stop me from running over your foot if you don't move." The cheesy, happy smile he'd been wearing faded as he realized that I had no compunction what so ever about running him over. Stomping the gas to rev the engine, I couldn't help but laugh at the frightened squeak as he jumped back. 

 It was nearly six pm so I grabbed some Jack in the Box before deciding to head home. I was the waiting to turn left from Mill Avenue onto Southern when I heard the screeching of tires behind me. Like dominoes the sliding truck plowed into the car behind me and as it smashed into me I found myself being forced into oncoming traffic. Honestly, I got off lucky, the jeep not so much. I don't know how fast the truck that hit me was going, but his front fender struck directly in line with my wheel and all but removed the front end of my jeep. 

 The airbags deploying saved me from smashing my face into steering wheel as I spun from the impact. I think I spun twice before coming to a rest near the right turn lane, but in truth I haven't the foggiest idea. I was somewhat dazed by the whole thing and it took me a moment to realize someone had opened my door. "Are you ok?" the woman said. I think she said it a couple of times as I was a bit foggy at first.

 "Yeah, yeah I think so," I said reaching down and unbuckling my seat belt. The bright green of my mint Oreo cookie shake covering me and the remains of my jeep's interior did nothing to improve my mood. Nothing felt broken so I carefully stepped out and steadied myself for a moment holding the door. 

 "Are you sure you're ok?" The woman said her concern obvious. 

 "Yeah I'm good," I said, "just a little shaken. I'll be alright. Thank you." Surveying the wreckage in the intersection it was clear at least three vehicles were a total wash and several others got damaged from my spinning and the truck that hit me bouncing around. I walked over to where the front end of my jeep had come to rest, it was sitting in the crosswalk to go across Southern. I could hear the sounds of sirens and knew this was going to be a long night. 

 Walking back over to the remnants of my jeep, I pulled out my purse and the paperwork from the apartment before taking a seat on the curbside. Grabbing my phone, I started to call Rob out of reflex but pressed the end button as soon as I heard it ring. I knew Tiffany was at work so she was out of the question, but as I started going through my contacts Rob's ringtone started playing. As it played, I stared at the phone for a moment before answering it. "Hello?" he said, "Sara is everything ok?"

 "I need a ride," I said really wishing I'd have called someone else, "I was in a wreck and the jeep is. Well, the jeep is in pieces." 

 "Holy hell," he said, "are you ok?"

 "I'm as okay as I can be," I said, "I'm at Southern and Mill if you can come get me. If not I'll find someone else."

 "Sara, can we not do this?" he said, "Seriously, I'll be there as soon as I can leave the jobsite." 

 "Thanks," I said before hanging up the phone. The police and fire/rescue had arrived while I was on the phone and I saw a couple of people pointing towards me. Seeing two officers heading towards me, I stuck my phone into my purse and pulled out my driver's license as I waited for them. After giving them my point of view on what happened they asked a few more questions and then asked that I not leave just yet.

 Standing off to the side, I watched as the woman in the car behind me was extracted from her vehicle. The impact had been so severe for her that they had to remove the roof of her car just to get access. Another crew was working on the driver of the pickup that had caused the accident and it was not looking good for him. After a couple of minutes they loaded him into one of the waiting ambulances and drove off, lights and sirens wailing. 

 Eventually more officers arrived and began to diligently take photos and document the entire scene. I felt bad for all of the people stuck in traffic as almost the entire intersection was closed due to the debris that had been scattered in the violent collision. I ended up repeating my recollection of the accident several times before finally signing a statement and ensuring the investigators had my contact information. 

 I was watching the remains of my jeep being loaded onto the back of a flatbed tow truck when my phone began to ring with Rob's ringtone. "Hey where are you?" I said. 

 "Down at the Post Office on College," he said, "It's the closest I can get and still be able to turn around. Can you walk down to me?"

 "Yeah," I said, "give me a few minutes to get there. They just let me go." Crossing the street, I walked the short distance to the Post Office and climbed into Rob's truck. 

 "Are you sure you're ok?" Rob asked as I put on my seatbelt. 

 "Peachy," I said keeping the paperwork from the apartment complex face down in my lap, "Let's just go." Pulling out onto College, Rob drove his truck through the residential area until we could get back onto Southern and heading back towards the house. I stayed quiet, lost in my own thoughts, until we pulled in front of the house.

 "Sara," Rob said as soon as we stopped. 

 "Saturday night," I said climbing out of the truck. I could see from his confused expression he wasn't sure what I was referring to. 

 "What about it?" he said.

 "Get a hotel room for Saturday night," I said, "That's when I'll be a good little whore and work off your debt for you." Slamming the door to his truck, I headed towards the house. I knew he was chasing me as soon as I heard the truck shut off so I stopped at the door and waited.

 "Seriously can we just talk about this?" he said. 

 I wanted to scream at him but I could still feel Tiffany's compulsion working on me. "What the fuck is there to talk about?" I said, "You bet my body like it was something you owned and like a good little whore I'm going to pump my ass on his cock for you, but I have changed my mind on something."

 "What?"

 "I want the whole thing," I said, "Saturday night we're going to get dressed up, meet him for dinner someplace nice, and then after a nice meal the three of us are going to go upstairs and you get to watch me fuck him all night. The only thing I want from you in the next couple of days is a text telling me when you're picking me up." I knew I was being a complete bitch, but as far as I was concerned he fully deserved it. Turning on my heel, I walked into the house and slammed the door behind me. 

 I was still standing by the door, listening as Rob's truck pulled away when the shakes started. Leaning back against the door, I stared at my hands as they shook violently, seemingly of their own volition. Forcing myself forward, I grabbed the back of the couch and made my way around so I could sit. My banana from this morning was the last thing I'd eaten and now, as the adrenaline from the accident was wearing off, my body was letting me know it wasn't happy with me. I'm not sure how long I sat on the couch, but once the shaking had diminished some I made my way into the kitchen in search of food. 

 Not being in a turkey kind of mood, I pulled out a Chinese takeout container and emptied its contents onto a plate. It took just a couple of minutes to heat up the shrimp with lobster sauce, and I had to force myself to sit at the table and not consume it standing in front of the microwave. Slowly eating, I began going over in my head all of the things I was going to have to do in the next few days. I knew I had to take care of power and cable already, but now I had to see about getting a new vehicle as well. The insurance would cover the jeep, but time was not something I wanted to waste as I waited for the check. 

 Finally feeling better with some food in me, I cleaned up my plate before grabbing the newspaper and start rifling through it in search of the automotive ads. As I dug through page after page of shiny new cars, I quickly realized after losing two jeeps, I didn't want something new. I remembered seeing an older camaro for sale in the neighborhood and decided to go check it out in the morning. 

 Getting up from the table, I noticed the card from one of the bouquets of flowers lying on the floor. Picking it up, I flipped it over and stared at the phone number written on the back. It wasn't a hard decision that once I was in my new place, I was going to give Jack a call. Carrying the card with me, I walked back to my room and after getting changed, crawled into bed and passed out almost instantly.

 The next morning the house was quiet as I made towards the front door. Not having to deal with the usual aches and pains associated with an accident was a bonus to how quickly I healed. I'd gotten up early and after a quick shower decided to walk over and take a look at the camaro. I kept some cash in my room for emergencies and grabbed the envelope on my way out. I had too much to do to be without a vehicle, and I wasn't quite ready to let Tiffany know I was leaving. The morning was cold so I was in jeans and a t-shirt with a zip up hoodie thrown on over. 

 It was interesting to walk through the neighborhood and listen to the people as they left for work or were loading their kids up for school. I could hear the grass crunching under their feet and see the clouds of warm air from their breath. The summers in Phoenix are so hot that most people don't realize just how cold it can get here. Maybe not Chicago cold by any stretch, but cold enough. With my hood up and my hands in my pockets, I was just another person walking down the street. 
