 All characters in this story are fictional and over the age of eighteen. Some of the elements of this story appeared in a Literotica story several years ago which I have been unable to find for the sake of comparison. I believe I have embellished and made it a much happier ending. 

If you like my story Please Vote!

*****

Our group had become shipwrecked. We were on a charter boat, five men and the captain. The storm blew for about three days knocking us about quite badly. We finally landed up on a tropical island, the boat beached and stove in. As we explored the island we found a large abandoned hut. After 3 months we settled into a routine although there was a tension and we were starting to get on each others nerves. At 5 feet ten inches and 150 pounds I was the smallest of the men and as the best cook wound up with kitchen detail. All the others were 6 foot or taller. The others would find food and gather firewood. Apparently others had lived on the island as there were a couple of buildings including a kitchen well stocked with pots and pans and other utensils. There were also wild pigs and sheep for meat. The garden though overgrown had an abundance of root vegetables including carrots, potatoes, beets. 

One day our foraging party came back with a trunk that they had found in a cave high up on a hill. We opened the trunk and found women's clothing and a manuscript roughly bound with a wood cover. The captain hearing our laughing came out of his "office" and grabbed the manuscript. The skipper came back after about 20 minutes, announced a meeting for tomorrow night and confiscated the clothes before we could appropriate them for other uses.

During the next day there seemed to be small gatherings, the men looking at me strangely. That night after dinner we seemed to be in a festive mood when I came out the kitchen having finished the dishes. They had poured drinks. "Come on Steve, drink up"! I looked at mine, a coddled, chlorophyll green, lumpy looking mess and said "no way."

"Grab him boys" the skipper said. Two men grabbed my arms, one pried my mouth open and the other poured the drink down my throat making sure I swallowed. The drink was kind of buttery, nutty, earthy with flowery undertones and highly intoxicating. I remembered being lead to a table where I laid down and many hands molding, forming my chest and pushing down on my penis and sack like they were trying to push them back in. The next morning I woke up with a hangover. The narcotic effect made it hard to remember what had transpired. 

The next night about the same things happened although I didn't fight so hard when I was presented my drink. On the third night I willfully drank my "Kum Rum". I woke to the hang over, felt a swelling of my breasts and noticed that I didn't have my usual morning beard. The men were all calling me Stevie by now. I caught myself checking out the men's packages even though I had often seen them in day to day activities. 

On the fourth day I had recall of a dream where the men had passed me around and each had sucked on my breasts. My breasts were not as big as they seemed in the dream but my nipples were hard and my breasts had swollen. My chest was large enough that I opted to wear a tee shirt even though our normal attire was just to wear shorts. 

On the fifth day I had visions that I had once again been passed around to have my tits played with and nursed on and had been down on my knees and sucked off each of the men swallowing their sperm. The men referred to me as she, her and other female pronouns.

The sixth day my breast were decidedly larger, wobbling from side to side with each step. I was now having to squat to pee and opted to wear my only denim shirt although it was more of a vest as the tattered sleeves had been removed. At least my always hard nipples would not be evident although I was showing cleavage and side boob. Even my voice was changing to a higher pitch. After breakfast the Captain called me into his office. With out looking up he said "Here is what I want you to wear today" he said pointing to some folded clothes. I picked up a pink sleeveless ribbed athletic shirt with a boat neck that would not cover much of my top and a pair of pink high cut panties. I guess I stood there with my mouth open because he looked up and commanded "Now, put them on now." 

"Yes sir!" Donning the top I stretched the material over my breasts. The ribbed material conformed to the globes, the nipples tented the fabric, looking down the swell of my breast pushed above the neckline creating a deep cleavage. The material was thin enough that the dark outline of my nipples could be seen as well as the bumps of my aureoles. The panties were high on my thigh molding tightly to the shape of my behind. My withered cock just barely making a bump in my panties. The Captain watched me strip and dress. "Very nice" he said "It's time to start showing your stuff." Turning in his chair he motioned me between his spread legs. "Come here little girl." Grasping the flare of my hips he pulled me closer. Moving his hands up my side and over my breasts he cupped them squeezing them gently his thumbs hovering over my nipples. Oh my, that felt good. 

"It will not be long before you fill out those bras we found. Now run along Princess."

Luckily there was no one around when I left. As I started to the mess hall I decided to take a walk. Truth be known I was getting into having tits. I was enjoying the feel of having their weight on my chest and how they bounced with each step. I was getting used to the feel of my arms rubbing against them when I reached for something. I loved the feel of material rubbing across my always hard swollen nipples and I loved the staring that the men did. And when I was near the men something strange happened: I could feel my nipples harden even more, my chest flush and I felt this craving, this need, an emptiness that I could not describe.

When I went close to the men a feeling came over me to behave in a sexy, seductive manor. Although there was no mention of my new attire at lunch I could feel the appreciative looks from the men. It was like I could feel their cocks stiffening and it only made me thrust my tits out and rub them against the men shoulders and backs as they were seated. I felt the men looking down my blouse as I leisurely bent over to serve those in front of me and knew that those behind me were watching my panties ride up.. and watching me hook the elastic to pull my panties backing in place.

Joe was obviously staring at my tits as he patted me on the ass as he left after lunch. The others each followed suit each ogling my breasts as they leisurely fondled my behind.

A few minutes later Tom came back. He no longer had a shirt on and had changed from his pants to a pair of loose athletic shorts. I could see that he was sporting a substantial hard on. He stood a little closer to me than I would have liked but the table behind me did not allow me to step back. As we were chatting his hands went to my upper arms lightly rubbing and soon to my rib cage. I could feel his hands especially his thumbs rubbing the sides of my breasts, jiggling them so my nipples got harder. Oh, how I wished he would just pet me properly. I finally got my wish, he grasped my boobs firmly squeezing them as I rested my head on his shoulder. 

After A few minutes like this he said "Can we take your top off?" 

"Yes please!" I responded. 

His hand returned to cupping my breasts. "Less than a handful but quite firm with nice elongated nipples" he observed "and getting bigger by the day." His hands felt so good on my bare breasts.

He kissed me. It seemed natural to open my mouth allowing his tongue to enter. It felt like a loving, intimate thing to share. We kissed deeply his hands cupping, molding my tits. Tommy moved his leg between my open thighs. Soon I was humping his thigh, delighting on the pressure against my crotch, bumping my "pussy" against him like a horny little girl.

I had flashbacks/dreams of the men feeling me, passing me around, me on my knees sucking their cocks, they coming in my mouth. With his thumb and fore finger he grasped my nipples using them to lift and stretch my breasts. My knees nearly collapsed with excitement as I reached into his shorts wrapping my fist around his cock. It was very firm and felt deliciously hot. I pulled it out from his shorts. It stood straight out as I ran my hand over its considerable length.

"I think you want something Darling. What is it?" He asked.

"I want you to fuck me, to come inside me." I replied.

"You don't have a pussy, yet. I fucked your mouth last night. I don't think there is anything left" he teased.

I my smallest voice I said "I want you to do my backside."

With a smile in his voice he said "What, I didn't hear you."

"I want to feel what it's like to have your cock inside of my ASS! Please... DO ME!" 

His hands went down the back of my panties first cupping my firm ass cheeks and then searching between them finally finding my rectum. 

A finger slowly entered me as his other hand pushed my panty down exposing my back side. As I was still humping Tommy's thigh it was easy for him to work his finger into me. I found I was exaggerating my back stroke to help his penetration. He pushed the front of my panties down onto my thighs with his other hand and covered my crotch. I was now humping his hand as I continued feeling his prick. 

Tommy stated what I already knew "Your prick is so small, it's nearly clit sized, there is the start of labia like folds on either side of it." And then he told me something I was not aware of: "There is a dimple! I'll bet it's the start of a vagina!"

It wasn't it long before a second finger joined the first in my backside. My breathing had become ragged as I had never felt anything so invasive yet sexy. Tommy whispered in my ear "You like?" As I was biting my lower lip I could only nod my head in the affirmative. After a through finger fucking he unplugged from my backside. I kicked off my panties as he stepped out of his shorts. Turning me around he bent me forward against the table. Using his foot he urged my legs apart telling me "If you liked two fingers your gonna love this!"

I felt his cock head against me. He rubbed up and down my crack, teasing his way to my pucker hole, away and then back again. I could feel him lean forward, his hands on my hips drawing me back and with a sharp sting his cock head passed through my sphincter. "Oh...oh... it hurts...slowly, slowly, ...just a little more. It feels better. Is there more? ...I want it all."

I felt full. After just a few strokes I loosened up. Soon I was pushing back and could feel his testicles slapping against my ass. I was never so aware of my backside, my whole concentration was on the pleasure of him penetrating me. Soon we were in a rhythm, Tommy penetrating me deeply, me clamping down hard on his cock as he withdrew. His hands caressing repeatedly down my spine, to the flare of my hips and then reaching under me to my dangling breasts. Cupping my tits he squeezed them in a milking motion pulling me back into his hard cock.

My hand with a mind of it's own snaked between my legs finding my tiny cock. I flicked it back and forth with the pad of my finger very much like a clit then straddled it with two fingers. Being penetrated and playing with myself was getting results. I was panting like a dog in heat. Between breaths I started moaning, the moans getting louder and higher pitched with each of Tommy's thrusts and the rapid movement of my fingers. Oh God, I am a bitch in heat, a slutty bitch, a slutty fucking bitch.

"Oh, baby you really know how to milk a cock! You want my cum badly don't you? Say you want it Stephanie."

At that very moment I knew that I was Stephanie, not Steve anymore. I knew that I wanted these men to hold me, kiss me, fondle me. I wanted them to come in me. His hands once again cupping my breasts, pushing them up, squeezing them and pinching my nipples all at once. At his deepest penetration yet I could feel his cock beginning to twitch. His hands were all over me: my tits, shoulders, my stomach, turning my head so he could kiss my lips, back to my hips, finally to my breasts. His arms were completely wrapped around me, immobilizing me, pinning my torso to the table, bent over, my backside upturned for his use. I felt completely unable to move. Helpless. I loved the feeling. "Oh! So good. Pound me! FUCK ... ME, fill me!"

"Take it Honey, I know you want it!"

"Come in me!"..."So big!"..."Don't stop"..."Fuuuck"..."Me!" "Oh, I love it!"

With a final deep penetration I felt his cock pump into me filling me with the sperm I craved. With a high pitched whimper I came anally . There was another surprise. My tiny cock spurted, not thick like sperm but more oily in texture with a sweet flowery smell.

And I came again!

I was draped over the table, the bamboo scratching my thighs and breasts. As Tom slowly pulled his cock out of me I could feel his sperm dribble out of me between my plump cheeks and down the inside of my legs.

All of a sudden there was clapping and cheering as the men came into the room. Half the men congratulated Tom for a job well done while the others complemented me: "She did well, took him all the way in. What a hot fuck, our girl made us proud."

It seems Tom had won the lottery and the others got to watch. Tom was charged with seducing me but as it turned out I had thrown myself at him. As my panties were on the other side of the room I surreptitiously tried to cover my boobs. The men would have nothing to do with that and began passing me around. They all kissed me, some deeply, others just a peck but they all felt my tits, some pushing their fingers into my freshly fucked ass. I loved having their tongues deep in my mouth playing tag with my tongue and having their strong hands cup my breasts and having them push them up and together. Their attention and comments and my not having my senses dulled by the Kum Rum made me feel like I was part of the group and that I wanted to please these men. Their tongues and lips on my nipples made me shake uncontrollably. 

The rest of the day I would thrill to the feel of Tommie's sperm leaking out of me, a reminder of how naughty I had been. 

In the tight athletic shirt and panties everything was noticeable: nipples, cleavage, side boob. The men would walk up to me, kiss me on the lips, some frenching me and cupping my breasts making my nipples even harder. It seemed like a natural thing to accept their advances. By the end of the day I was rubbing their cocks.

I was confused. I was a man, admittedly a man with B cup breasts and always erect nipples that any woman would be proud of. I had a cock, at least I thought I had one as small as it had become. It had become a "million" times more sensitive especially when they rubbed me between my legs.

That night after greedily downing my Kum Rum I was escorted to a clearing where a bonfire had been build and drums were beating. In the fire light was a phosphorescent green plant with a large upright pod in the center. As I got closer a large leaf descended creating a ramp to the center of the pod. Two of the men supported me as I ascended the ramp, the drums stopping.

As I reached the center the leaf rose, covering my naked body up to my neck, the drums started again. I could feel vines surrounding my waist, limbs, encasing me in a cocoon. The pod then closed cutting off the light from the bonfire and the sound of the drums. The silence was deafening. Hair like cilia encased my breasts entered the ducts in my nipples. Vines encircled my cock, entered my nostrils, mouth, anus. The plant communicated to me, a kind of telepathy, telling me that I was safe. The sheath around my cock moved in and out, gentle squeezing me like a vagina. This would be my last orgasm as a man. After I came I could feel the tendrils entering my cock going deep inside me joining the tendrils from my anus. The cilia from my mouth and nostrils jointed the cilia from my nipples and all the others creating a network throughout my body. I was being sculpted from head to toe and from within and from with out.

Time was at a standstill, periods of being lucid and times of unconsciousness. At one point I was rotated face down, a sense of stinging and swelling on my nipples, areoles and then the breast themselves. As my breasts hung down there was a suctioning, a stretching, a sort of vibration and inflating. I felt that my breast had doubled in size by the time they had finished.

Another period of sleep and I perceived that my hips were now wider. I sensed my penis was completely gone, my now flat stomach tapering to a gap between my legs. The activity was now on my back side. Plumping and shaping my derriere, a firming of the underlying musculature. 

More time unawares and then back to being conscious. I was aware of a dampness between my legs. I asked what is going on. A vision was presented to me of the most beautiful pussy that I had ever seen. It was completely hairless with puffy outer lips, thin pink inner lips cradling an engorged clitoris. The vagina was slightly open with a pearly drop of oil just oozing out. I realized that was the source of my wetness. "That's me isn't it?" I asked. It communicated yes as I went back to sleep with a smile on my face. 

I asked why was this happening, what this plant with an intelligence was? I was given a vision of another world, a dark, gray, smokey place with withered versions of the plant that I was in seemingly gasping for breath, their shrunken pods opening and closing as if they were dying. 

I woke up to the feeling of kissing on my face, neck and shoulders. Kissing my lips, a "tongue" entered my mouth... testing my erogenous zones I was told. I responded in kind, playing tag with the tongue.. I knew that I was still in the pod and it must have been creating with its vines and tendrils. The plant indicated that it would be testing its new creation. My breath was jagged, my lips swelling with lust. My chest was rapidly flushing joining my already erect nipples. The tongue morphed into a penis, a rather substantial one at that, swelling each time I engulfed it with my mouth. I took it in, all the way to the base and after some time was rewarded with a creamy load of come. 

"Fingers" touched my breasts, pulling my nipples. The mouth sucked me, licked me, feeling and kissing and biting all over my breasts. Suctioning my nipples I felt a slow but rapid pressure build in my loins and had my first female orgasm. "Excellent" the pod exclaimed. "Most females never have an orgasm having their nipples sucked."

I asked and was told that I could not get pregnant.

After what seems like an eternity the alien being said that I was ready to be presented to my men. The pod opened to sunlight. Tommy was there to help me down the ramp. He took me to the waterfall to help me shower and then dried me and helped me dress in a simple dress. He explained that I had been in the pod for two nights and a full day, that the skipper had send him there about an hour before the pod opened. He was given instructions not to touch me, that I should rest up until dinner and wear the clothes that had been laid out for me.

My attire was all white. A white lacy half cup bra size 36D which fitted snugly, a thin white blouse, white lacy high cut panties and a very short white skirt. I was not sure if I was to be their virgin sacrifice or their bride but I knew whatever I was wearing would not stay on very long. The men had created a separate hut for me with the only large mattress left from the ship. Looking in the mirror I was a sight to see: long blond hair, thin with large breasts showing large amounts of cleavage, nice hips and a great length of leg exposed above the knee. My nipples were visible and prominent even though covered by the bra and blouse. 
