 Author's Note: Sorry this chapter was so late. I'm a college student who can't fudge on his studies! This is big action packed chapter, and has a long satisfying sex scene with a flawless woman! Sorry it isn't too long. Its 5k words, and my imagination engine runs low after that, and I want to get this one to you as soon as possible because it takes 5-6 days to be approved for the site. I could take an extra two or three days and make it longer, but I want you to read it as soon as possible. Please comment and favorite and do whatever you want. Comments mean the most to me because I can see what you liked and disliked, so please more comments. Please also note that the main character might not be the strongest in this world, and although he is able to overcome many strong opponents, there is always going to be a challenge awaiting him!

Notable words: Crowd Control or CC: any type of debilitating effect like stunning from electricity, or slowing from poison etc. 

*

"Summon Blaze"

Nothing happened.

"SUMMON BLAZE!"

Nothing happened.

Cydonian thought, "What the fuck! This has never not worked before!"

His head started to spiral with thoughts of what is wrong. Did he use up too much of his mana? But all he did was summon thralls which is a spell that costs minimal mana. Blaze isn't even a summon, she is a mount. Something must have happened to her, is she dead? What kind of monster could kill such a beast as a Blazing Gryphon?

"The Gods! They must be pissed about Dormunga, I probably should have just enthralled her, but Satania wanted to kill her."

"Holy shit, if they killed Blaze I might be in trouble. They are obviously strong," He said out loud, "Summon Kwane!"

He heard a thundering clap as lightning came down onto the ground in front of him and what was left was a Kwane. It was another one of his favorite mounts, a lightning bird with white feathers with jagged lines coursing with electricity. He understood that although in the game, mounts only had the purpose of getting you from place to place, in this world his mounts are real beings. This is perfect because Kwane, in the lore, are known for being able to sense heavenly beings. He was going to find these gods and find Blaze dead or alive. Regardless he is going to massacre them all.

"Kwane! Can I mount you? The lightning won't shock me?" he said to the bird. Always better to be sure.

"Of course" said a british sounding male voice in Cydonian's head. The bird lowered its head and body, allowing Cydonian to mount it. It only took a couple of minutes this time for Cydonian to mount his mount.

"Find the closest God and take me there"

In an instant, he felt his body lose its mass. Everything was a blur, he looked around to see that he and the Kwane was electricity! They were zipping through the sky as lightning. It was the weirdest feeling he had ever experienced. He could feel the air, but not against his skin, but just on the side of him he cut through it. After 5 seconds, it stopped and he felt his mass return, and he was all too aware of his belly again. It was nice to have no mass. He composed himself and realized in some type of swamp area. He was on the hard ground, but he saw a man fighting a spiked pig in a swamp that looked a lot like a mix between a pig and a porcupine. The man was a white man with long blonde hair. He was wearing no armor, but just cloth clothes. He had some kind of light shield around his body that had many of this pig's quills in it. Obviously the pig had tried to attack, but couldn't get through the shield. He also seemed to be wielding some kind of weapon made of light in both his hands. He assumed this was a god because he was level 190 and he was standing between the monster and a cowering man on the ground looking very helpless. Cydonian was filled with rage. He killed Blaze!!

"Leave Kwane, I got this"

The Kwane disappeared and thankfully the Kwane wasn't that tall so it didn't hurt when he hit the ground. The man had turned and noticed him. He was confused, but then his face showed that he understood.

"He must have heard of my greatness," Cydonian thought.

"Summon MØRKEHUND!" Cydonian yelled. He smiled. He knew this god was good as dead. He had summoned a real god killer. This was the strongest hellhound, which was known for having poisonous fangs that did extra damage to holy beings.

The space in front of him started to darken. Shadows started to rise. They rose to about 9 feet and then as they fell to the ground, a black dog started to form. This was the summon who was going to rip this god to shreds.

Mørkehund was all black and red poisonous saliva was dripping from his mouth.

"Kill that puny god! Leave nothing left" yelled Cydonian.

The god looked up in awe at the dog. He quickly slashed with his sword of light slicing the pig in half. He quickly grabbed the cowering man in his arm and started to run.

Mørkehund ran after him and caught up to him quite easily, but when it tried to butt its head into the god, it hit the light shield and stumbled back. The god kept running.

Cydonian ran to keep up, and said, "Kill him!!! Kill him!!"

Mørkehund composed itself and jumped 30 feet into the air. Cydonian looked up in awe as the dog leaped right onto the god's shield paws first. Light blinded Cydonian as the shield seemingly exploded. The god threw the man into some type of portal which closed instantly. He turned around with two light swords. He slashed in an X with both of them, but Mørkehund opened its jaw and ate the light. Mørkehund's body started to glow with shadows. The god took a couple step backs before slashing again. Mørkehund ate it with its giant jaw. Mørkehund's body started to leak this darkness. The darkness suddenly traveled on the ground and engulfed the god in a sort of cage. Mørkehund walked up to the cage and opened its jaw wide above the god's head. The god looked up in fear at the teeth dripping with red poison from the dog's canines and he quickly put his hands together in a prayer formation but then the jaw closed over the god, completely eating him whole.

"THAT'S WHAT YOU GET!! WHERE ARE THE REST OF YOU!!!!" yelled Cydonian as he looked up at the sky, "I HAVE KILLED TWO OF YOUR PUNY PANTHEON! LET ME KILL THE REST! NO ONE TOUCHES MY MINIONS!!"

Nothing happened.

"I WILL BURN ALL THE CIVILIZATIONS YOU PROTECT TO THE GROUND IF I DON'T SEE ALL OF YOU RIGHT NOW"

Five seconds past and suddenly the ground started to rumble. Mørkehund looked around alert, trying to find who to eat next. Then eighteen men and women appeared out of nothing. They were all starkly different. Some were glowing different colors, some wore armor, some just wore cloth clothes, some had metal weapons and some had weapons made of some element. Then there was one woman who was different from the rest. She was starkly naked with C cup boobs and a quite small frame. She had a small amount of hair on her arms and legs, but a big bush above her pussy. Her face is what really set her apart; it was almost animalistic. She had more canines than most humans, and she seemed to be snarling like a fox or dog. She was also level 200, unlike the rest who varied from as low as 80, all the way up to 190, and then she was 200.

The naked woman spoke, "You have been a nuisance for long enough, we have captured your Gryphon. She was eating lone travelers on the road. Once you have been put down, she will be too"

Cydonian was relieved, Blaze was alive. He just had to fight eighteen gods. Mørkehund couldn't kill them on his own. How can he protect him and also kill them all. In Endless War, you couldn't have more than one summon at once, but maybe he could here. What to summon? He had to stall.

"Before I slaughter you, where is my Gryphon? Once I kill you I will need to know where to retrieve her"

The naked woman laughed, "You will kill no more! Your Gryphon is in our land, away from your devilish hands"

He couldn't bring Helvete, he would die too, but widespread flames would be helpful. He could bring Svide for offense, Hapi for defense, and definitely Mellt who can do low-high range damage, crowd control, and even confusion.

"Summon Svide! Summon Hapi! Summon Mellt!"

Flames appeared and disappeared leaving Svide, an extremely powerful fire elemental. He was a being of pure orange flames with these chains covering parts of his body and a lock in the middle of his chest. He had an ability that can create balls of flame that melt anything they touch.

Then a rain cloud also appeared and the rain quickly started falling, which formed into Hapi, a Water Deity. He had scales on his lower body, and his upper body had this deep blue skin like the ocean. He had the ability among many others to create a shield of swirling water, letting no one get through.

Finally Mellt appeared, a shapeshifting Kitsune, or fox, with 9 ethereal tails made of lightning. She was a blue fox that was extremely quick and could shock people with her tails, or turn into a human and create and control lightning to shock enemies.

"Svide attack them! Hapi protect me! Mellt kill everyone!" said Cydonian confidently.

Svide sat down in a meditation position. Eighteen balls of flame appeared. They started whizzing after the deities, while Mellt jumped into the fight too, gracefully jumping off invisible platforms to move around extremely quickly doing spins attempting to shock anyone. The rain cloud that summoned Hapi started to increase in size when Hapi put his hands in the air. The rain started to fall and surround Cydonian in a sphere of water.

As Cydonian's thralls deployed, the naked woman smiled and started to shift. She started to grow a beak and then suddenly she was Blaze! She was a blazing gryphon, with the same fire markings on her body. The markings started to dance off her body, and turned into these flame whips. The whips started to attack the sphere of water, and as soon as they hit the sphere, it evaporated the water leaving an empty space, but the rain cloud filled the hole quickly. Cydonian wasn't going to just sit here and watch.

"Dal Neidr!" yelled Cydonian, pointing at the mock blazing gryphon. A gigantic snake appeared wrapped around the gryphon. She started to caw attempting to rid of the vice grip of the snake. He looked to see many of the gods running from the spheres of flames. One blue god clapped his hands together, and half of Cydonian's protective sphere of water flew to cover 2 balls of flames evaporating them. A fully armored god charged into the empty space with a two-handed greatsword. The rain cloud filled the sphere and he was suddenly caught in the water.

He was flailing around trying to get out, but he couldn't.

Cydonian smiled and walked up to him. He put one finger through the water and onto the forehead of the man's helmet and said, "Feithidí." The man started to freak out even more, his screams drowned out by the water. Cydonian filled his armor with various poisonous insects. After a couple more seconds his body stopped flailing because of his death, and the sphere spat him out onto the ground.

Cydonian looked around again to find Mellt. She was jumping off her invisible platforms dashing through the air, she jumped off one, span in the air and all her lightning tails passed through one god's head. Two already were dead! He noticed that the snake holding the fake Gryphon had been burnt off and she was trying to hit Mellt with her flame whips. Mellt was too fast, but when Mellt jumped off a platform heading towards the Gryphon she hit her with 2 tails, but the Gryphon was unphased. The Gryphon squawked and tried to snap its beak, but Mellt was too fast jumping off the air once again trying to get a better hit. It was a spectacle to see the lightning fast Mellt jump all around the Gryphon off the air around her. She started focusing exclusively on the Gryphon.

She hit her with 5 tails that passed by, and she instantly jumped again dodging a flame whip and hitting with the same 5 tails. After about a minute of constantly dancing around shocking the Gryphon, and dodging the flame whip, the Gryphon collapsed barely breathing.

"Mellt! Move on to the rest, keep that one alive". Mellt instantly jumped into the fray shocking a very muscular god who was level 190. The god was holding the sphere slowly crushing it without his hands getting burned. The god tensed up as he was shocked, but then finished crushing the ball of flames. He turned around and instantly grabbed one of Mellt's tails. He held it for a second obviously trying to keep hold, but his body was shaking with the shock and then he finally let go. Mellt jumped upward, turned around and jmped off a platform above the God, she did a flip midair and slammed all nine tails directly through the god. The god stumbled to the ground and grumbled. He still wasn't dead.

"Ugh!" Cydonian yelled, "Flanking strike!" two wolves appeared and slashed at the god, drawing blood, but the god wasn't dead.

"Flanking strike, Flanking strike, Flanking strike, Flanking Strike, FLANKING STRIKE!!" yelled Cydonian. Wolves started slashing in pairs of two, two after another, over and over, and by the end the god was covered in his shiny blood, and finally collapsed on the ground. Mellt moved onto another group of gods who were also able to deal with a ball of flame. They covered it with light and that somehow weighed it down, and the ball started melting through the ground. Mellt started dashing around them shocking them. The blue god kept getting rid of the balls with Hapi's water shield, but the rain cloud filled it up before anyone could attack. The god did it again, and got one of the last balls, and a black god dashed through extremely quickly getting through before the walled filled up.

He was a man but completely covered in some kind of darkness or shadows. His hand lifted to strike with a dagger made out of darkness. Cydonian jumped back to dodge, but although the first strike missed, the god used his other hand and went to strike from the side, but right before it hit Cydonian Mellt dashed through the wall and head-butted the shadow god right in the back. He screamed out as the force from the lightning fast fox broke his back. He collapsed on the ground, unable to move.

Mellt started to shapeshift into a woman. Her body started to rise as she became bipedal. Her tails became smaller and formed into solid blue tails. She was naked with B cup breasts and perfect curvy body. She had blue hair and pearly white skin. She smiled shyly at Cydonian before turning to the paralyzed god. Her hands started to course with lightning as her skin started to dark into a navy blue. She put her hands on the god's back and he shrieked louder than Cydonian ever heard in his life. The sound was purely death as the shadows covering his body disappeared. There was so much electricity in his body you could see the blue lightning coursing through his body. Her hands were still on his back as she put even more electricity into the man. Suddenly his body just exploded, and in an instant Mellt pushed off an invisible panel in the air with her hand sliding her in between Cydonian and the dead body. The god's body's blood and fleshed covered her instead of him. She turned around completely red with flaps of skin and flesh on her shoulders and her breasts. She shifted back into a fox as the blood and flesh slipped off her body. Once she was a fox again, she jumped into the water sphere cleaning her completely. She looked back and winked at Cydonian before jumping off an invisible platform and entering the battle once again.

Svide, who has been sitting in a meditation position in the big defensive sphere of water this whole time controlling the balls of flame, seemed to be unable to create more balls of flame for a while, but suddenly he created many more. They started going after the 5 gods that were left, except the Gryphon who he knew Cydonian wanted alive. Mellt shocked a level 180 green god who had been trying to grab Mellt by controlling the vines in the swamp, and he was stunned for a second while a ball of flame went straight through his chest, melting a hole in the middle of his body. He collapsed on the ground.

Suddenly he looked around and the only gods that were left was a brown one with dirty dark orange hair who was able to control the ground, using it to create a dome around the unconscious gryphon. A ball of flame quickly dispatched him, and when Cydonian looked to find the last 3, he realized that they also just died to a ball of flame.

"I guess when there is only 5 left, eighteen plus balls of flame can get work done." thought Cydonian.

Cydonian said with authority "Hapi, get rid of the sphere, the fight is over! Everyone except Mellt can leave!"

Hapi and the Svide disappeared and Mellt in fox form walked up next to Cydonian and sat on her bum. Cydonian smiled and rubbed her head.

"Mellt, get rid of this dome." He said excitedly. He was very excited for something he hasn't done since he got here. Mellt turned into her human form. She was extremely beautiful with long wavy blue hair and her blue tails that somehow were kept taut instead of falling downwards. She walked up to the dome and punched the dome, cracking the dirt dome. She punched it again, making more cracks. Finally her third punch shattered the dome and the gryphon was still unconscious. She stepped back and turned into her fox form.

Cydonian walked up to the unconscious fake blazing gryphon. He put his hands between its eyes and said with bravado, "Enthrall!" The gryphon's body started to glow light. Then the light dissipated, but Cydonian somehow just knew it worked.

"Wake up!"

The magic behind enthralling forced the command to work and the shapeshifting woman who was in the form of a blazing gryphon awoke.

She looked around, and then looked at Cydonian. She smiled, "Master, what shall I do." Cydonian was angry, very angry, but he quelled his rage for now. He calmly said, "Revert back to your normal form, you have no right to don that form."

She did so, and she was now a naked shapely woman with big C cup breasts and a decently big bush above her inviting pussy. Cydonian knew he could fuck her, but he wouldn't want to give her any pleasure after what she did.

"Where is my Gryphon? Tell me now!"

"Dead, I lied to you before. We killed it right away."

Cydonian was furious, he wanted to have Mellt kill this bitch right now, but he had more questions.

"How did you adopt her form puny god?"

"I can shapeshift into any animal I see, unless that animal is a shapeshifter, like your Kitsune over there."

What was he to do with her? She was a god, who is now level 200 because all his thralls are level 200. She would be useful especially if she had followers or worshipers. Maria's prayer brought Dormunga specifically, so maybe people have gods they follow.

"Name?"

"Symudwr sir."

"Desummon Symudwr." The woman who killed his favorite mount disappeared.

"Mellt, human form!" she transformed into the shapely sexy woman he wanted to fuck so badly, but not in a swamp. He was so sweaty and so was she. He needed to have a home for once. He hasn't really slept in the past two days, since he got here.

"Summon Kwane! Take us to a main city, with a castle."

The Kwane appeared and he easily got on to its back. He finally got the hang of it. Mellt also got on the Kwane behind him. She held his waist and pushed her naked boobs onto his back. He was enjoying it for a second before he lost his mass and he was traveling as lightning. In about 20 seconds, he appeared right in front of a huge castle.

There were two guards in front of the door. They were stunned by the surprise, but then they charged. Kwane disappeared and Cydonian fell on his butt, but Mellt jumped into the air, used her feet to jump off an invisible platform in the air charging her body towards the guards, she shifted midair into her fox form and span around bringing her tails in a circle shocking the two guards and instantly killing them. Cydonian was stunned by her reaction time, and then she jumped off another platform charging right towards him, Cydonian ducked, and she zipped right past him, and Cydonian turned around to see that behind him there were four more guards who were all shocked to death. It was nighttime, so hopefully no one else was coming. She probably just killed the night shift. She turned into her human form, and walked towards him, who was still on his butt. She smiled shyly, and walked past him. She then confidently kicked open the huge doors to the castle. She was insanely strong because the iron doors just fell to the ground.
