 Larik'Ni had been many things in her life. She'd been a daughter, an orphan, an exile, and a bored flight controller. But now, after the arrest of Governor Jolek, she found herself as something she never expected to be; a leader. 

Larik'Ni, a woman who had been banished from her homeworld for the crime of living when her family had died, was now the governor of planet Haven. The teal skinned Birran didn't want the job, but she had been chosen unanimously by the other residents of the small planet. "But I am no politician," she had protested. "I am not qualified."

It was the fact that she wasn't a politician that made her so popular. Governor Jolek was willing to sell out anyone to get ahead. They knew Larik'Ni would never do that. They also knew that she was one of the smartest people on Haven; the way in which she helped James Barret and Endira Vas escape was proof enough of that. 

So now Larik'Ni was the leader of a community of misfits and exiles; of people who had no place on their homeworlds, so they made a place for themselves.

She was also a very busy woman. Since becoming governor, more and more people had been coming to Haven. "If only we were this busy when I was a flight controller," she was often heard saying. Ships and new members of the community were arriving daily, and now Larik'Ni was off to meet with one of these new arrivals. The message had been vague, but that was nothing new. Many individuals came to Haven to get away from the law, since it was not part of any recognized group. In fact, the Tref system was in unclaimed space, making it the perfect place to start up any sort of criminal enterprise.

Larink'Ni sincerely hoped this wasn't a person looking to bribe her. She had no desire to sell her soul for a handful of credits. "Your appointment is in your office, Governor," Larik'Ni's assistant said when she walked in the room.

"Thank you, Benjamin," the reluctant leader said. "Please hold my calls."

When she entered her office, Larik'Ni was met by a woman her height completely enshrouded by a long grey cloak. Her face was obscured by a large hood.. "Thank you for seeing me, Governor."

"Of course," Larik'Ni said, taking her seat. She motioned for her guest to do the same, but she remained standing. "Please have a seat."

The mystery woman didn't even look to see where her chair was, she simply glided over to it and sat down. "My name is Lakett Zira, and I am in need of your assistance, Governor. As leader of Haven, you have contacts with other governments, do you not?"  

"I do. But there are no embassies here. Haven does not have any formal diplomatic ties with any world or confederation. What government are you trying to contact?"

"Earth," the woman said in a matter of fact voice. "Earth and Muldax Prime, actually. I must reach Earth as soon as possible. I have information that is vital to the restoration of the Muldaxian Commonwealth, and to Earth averting an all out war with the Verokk Imperium."

"That may be a difficult proposition," Larik'Ni sighed. "Even now the Imperium is keeping a close watch on us, despite the nearby Coalition patrols."

"I can help with that."

Larik'Ni quirked an eyebrow. "Really? How?"

The woman removed her hood, revealing a face like polished marble. "Because I am a Verokk."



Endira Vas sat nervously in front of the communications panel in her sister-in-law's home. She had just connected with the Muldaxian Embassy in Stockholm Sweden, and was waiting for the other side to answer. There was someone on duty at all times due to the different time zones on Earth, and on other planets in the Coalition.

The panel sprang to life and created an image of a male face with gold eyes and purple skin. "Thank you for calling the Muldaxian Embassy on Earth," the man said in a polite tone. "How may I direct your call?"

"My name is Endira Vas," she said. "I was hoping you had information on my family." This was the third time Vas had called in as many days. The answer was always the same.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Endira," the man said after consulting with his computer. "There's no new information."

Vas closed her eyes and sighed. "Thank you," she said before closing the channel. 

Jackie Barret, the twin sister of Vas's bond mate, came up behind her. "I'm sorry."

Vas tried her best to smile. "I just hope James is having better luck finding a new ship than I am tracking down my family."



The Moon was the first world humankind ever visited. Back in the late Twentieth Century, using technology that would be considered beyond archaic, humans did the impossible by sending men to the lunar surface and returning them to their home planet. 

Now, hundreds of years later, there were many thriving domed cities on the Moon. In one of those domes was Artemis Station; considered the best shipyard in the Sol System. It was here that James Barret, with the help of Charlene "Charlie" Ross, was trying to find a new ship to replace the destroyed Arrowhead.

Barret had been standing closely behind Charlie's seat as she looked over the different ships she had access to. His hot breath on the back of her neck always drove her wild. Usually he did it on purpose, breathing on her neck, and her ears, doing his best to make Charlie's pussy throb and grow wetter. 

Today, though, he was too focused on a ship to notice. Charlie had no intention of letting him get her hot and bothered without doing something about it. She had Barret right where she wanted him; sitting on her desk with his pants and underwear bunched around his ankles and his cock in her hungry mouth.

Charlie happily sucked and licked Barret's shaft, eliciting moans and groans of pleasure from her sometimes lover. Barret had long since take off his shirt, and Charlie had unzipped and partially removed her coveralls, revealing a plain white bra contrasting against her dark skin. "This isn't finding a new ship," Barret panted.

"Do you want me to stop?" Charlie playfully asked while she stroked his cock and fondled his balls. 

"What do you think?" Barret smirked.

Charlie slowly stood and stripped off the rest of her clothing. "I think you want to bend me over my desk and fuck me silly." To prove her point Charlie spread her legs and bent over her desk, ready for him to take her.

Barret smirked at her. "Are you sure that's not what you want?"

"Who says the two have to be mutually exclusive?" she asked playfully as she reached between her legs and spread her wet lips open.

Barret didn't take the bait. He slowly and calmly knelt behind her and gently brushed her clit with his tongue, making Charlie squirm and shudder. "You like that?"

"You know I do," she said impatiently. "Don't tease me."

"But teasing is so much fun," he replied after lightly blowing across her slit. "You know you're enjoying this." Barret again extended his tongue and traced the edges of her lips with it, stopping just as he came to her swollen clit.

"James," Charlie mewed. "Please..."

"Please what?"

"Please just fuck me. I need it. Please just fuck me..."

Barret smiled. He always knew how to get her to ask for it. He stood and ran the tip of his cock up and down her slit a few times before slowly inserting himself into her. "Is that what you want?"

"Yes...."

"My cock?"

"Yes. Now fuck me. Stop teasing me and fuck my brains out!"

Barret started moving slowly, building up a rhythm. His slow pace gradually increased until he was slamming into her hard, making a loud slap with each thrust.

"Yeah, baby," she moaned. "That's it! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

Barret could tell she wanted it rough. That was something Charlie and Vas both had in common; they loved hard sex. Barret grabbed hold of Charlie's dreadlocks and gently pulled, eliciting a feral groan. "You always loved that," he growled.

"You know what else I love?" she asked playfully, before reaching behind her and running her finger up the crack of her ass, lingering for a moment around her puckered opening.

"You are frisky aren't you?" Barret chuckled, remembering how Charlie once proclaimed herself the anal queen. 

Charlie, always ready, nudged Barret off of her so she could circle around her desk and take a small tube out of one of the drawers. Squirting out a viscous clear liquid into her hand, she grabbed Barret's cock and stroked it, slathering the fluid over his length. She then laid back on her desk and rubbed some more around her asshole. Before long she had a finger in her backdoor, waiting for Barret to come knocking. "What are you waiting for?"

That was all the invitation Barret needed. He approached her, and pressed the head of his cock against Charlie's anus. "You ready?" he asked, before slowly easing himself into her. He moved slowly, letting her loosen up to allow him entry. "Fuck I forgot how tight your ass is," he groaned.

"You should know," she moaned. "You were the first one to go in that way." Charlie concentrated on relaxing, and letting Barret bury himself all the way in her ass, "Slowly," she said. "You're almost there."

As soon as Barret was in as far as he could go, he stopped so Charlie could get used to this invasion. "I wasn't the last, was I?" he asked, already knowing the answer.

"I take it you're talking about that time aboard the Pisces?" she asked, remembering when they were both in the Earth Space Force's system patrol.

"I never looked at the engine room the same way again," Barret said, smiling at the memory.

"The night watch," Charlie added, wiggling her ass, signaling Barret to fuck her. "You, me, and Dave Lennox. You were in my pussy, and he was in my ass. Right in front of the antimatter core. Ah! Yes......"

Barret was picking up steam, letting his slick cock slide in and out of Charlie's backdoor and enjoying the feel of her tightness around him. "Our first threesome," he panted. "And you wanted more."

"What can I say? I'm efficient! I could easily have jerked a couple of guys off and sucked another." Charlie started massaging her clit, adding to the sensation of Barret fucking her ass. "That's it, baby! Don't stop. Don't stop."

She closed her eyes and let her head rest on her desk. Barret could tell by the way she was breathing that she was about to cum. Truth be told, so was he. He didn't go in anally that often, and the sensations were driving him over the edge. "I'm gonna be there soon," he warned.

"So am I. Don't stop. Fuck me. Make me cum and them shoot yours all over me! Fuck me! Fuck.... me....." Charlie let out a barely audible squeal as she hit her plateau. Her body jerked so violently that Barret had to grab hold of her legs to keep from getting bucked off.

He sped up, thrusting faster to keep up with her writhing body and getting ready to unleash his own torrent. "I'm almost there..... almost there!" Barret quickly pulled out and stroked his still slick cock, sending jets of white cum all over Charlie's belly. One stream made it between her breasts. "Fuck," he panted.

Charlie looked down at the white streaks on her dark skin and smiled. "That'll teach you to breath down my neck when we're trying to work."



Vas was listening intently to her mate's tale about why the hunt for a new ship had turned up nothing. "Well, it sounds like it wasn't a total waste of time," she said with a giggle. "You'll have to tell me about what happened on the Pisces at some point."

Barret chuckled, then frowned. "Finding the Arrowhead was a lot easier than this has been."

"You never told me how you got the Arrowhead," Vas pointed out.

"She was all I could afford at the time," Barret began. "She used to be called the Elite 2. She had been part of the Elite Shipping Company's delivery fleet. She was sold off when they got newer ships."

"Right place at the right time?" Vas asked.

"Right place at the right time."

A knock at the door ended the conversation. Barret was greeted with the sight of four men in blue uniforms with the symbol of the Earth Space Force. One of the men, an African American man with captain's stripes, smiled. "How are you, James?"

"Grant?" Barret gasped. "Grant Bonner?" Barret embraced the man. "How the hell are you, man?"

"It's been a long time," Bonner said, returning the hug. "Can we come in?"

Barret scowled at the man's companion, an older man with admiral's stripes on his uniform jacket. "Admiral Hall," Barret said with a sneer.

"Jimmy?" Jackie Barret asked from the next room. "Don't just stand there with the door open! Let them in." Jackie smiled and hugged Bonner. "It's been too long, Grant!" She shot the admiral and the two military police officers flanking him dirty looks. "Wipe your feet before you come in."

"Charming," Admiral Hall said. "If you all don't mind, we have business to discuss."

Barret shot the admiral a disbelieving look. "What kind of business?"

"We need you to run an errand for us, Lieutenant," Hall said.

"I'm not a lieutenant anymore and you know it, Captain," Barret said, using Hall's old rank.

Bonner stepped in. "James, sir, please. We wouldn't be here if it wasn't important. James, we need you to go to Haven and pick someone up for us. A Verokk dissident."

Over the course of twenty minutes, Barret, Vas, Jackie and Corva listened to Bonner and Hall's description of the mission. Barret kept scowling at the admiral. "Forget it!" he finally said.

"James," Bonner said, "I know you have a history with the Verokk."

"A history!? Vas and I have been shot at, had our brains scrambled, and been captured! And," Barret went over to the fireplace and took a jar off the mantle that was filled with metallic dust. "Do you know what this is? This is all that's left of my ship! This was all that Artemis Station could salvage after we were hit by an illegal disruptor! I have a price on my head and you want me to go pick up a Verokk dissident? In a region of space the Verokk is watching constantly? Not to mention the fact that a Verokk fleet has started camping on the outskirts of our own system waiting to pick me off! No. No fucking way!"

"I agree," Vas said. "This is a death sentence."

"Well," Bonner said, "we had to try."

"One moment, Captain," Hall said. "The lieutenant here is acquainted with the current governor. A Birran named Larik'Ni."

"So?" Barret said. "And for the last time, I'm not in the Space Force anymore, which means I'm not a lieutenant, and not subject to your authority!"

"You always were an insubordinate bastard, even when you were under my command."

"And there's nothing you can do about it," Barret sneered.

"Yes I can." The admiral took out a data pad and pulled up a file. "James Daniel Barret the third, under Article 4 subsection 15 of the Space Force directives, I hereby reactivate your rank, and order you to undertake the retrieval mission."

Bonner was aghast. "What?"

"You can't do that!" Barret protested.

"I can and did." Hall turned to the MP's. "Take Lieutenant Barret into custody for refusal to obey orders." Vas attempted to intervene. "I warn you, ladies, that if you try it, you will also be arrested."

"Vas, Jackie, don't," Barret said. "I'll go along." He got in the admiral's face. "This isn't over."

"Of course it isn't." The admiral's sneer grew wider. "And don't forget to take Miss Endira into custody, as well."

"What?!" Barret demanded.

"She's an alien expatriate," Hall said calmly.

"So is my wife," Jackie spat. "What's your point."

"My point, Ms. Barret, is that we need to take Miss Endira into protective custody until we can get her paperwork sorted out."

Vas quickly stormed into the next room and returned with a data pad. "You mean this paperwork?" she said, pulling up the correct files and showing it to the admiral. "A marriage license signed by Admiral Janice Hu saying James and I are husband and wife! Or this one." Vas pulled up another file. "This is notarized proof of my dual citizenship between Earth and Muldax Prime. But this is my favorite." She pulled up yet another file. "My approved request for political asylum here on Earth!" Vas shoved the data pad into Hall's chest. "Go ahead and take it. I have several copies."

Barret chuckled as Hall took the pad. "Don't fuck with Vas," he warned. "She'll chew you up and spit you out."

"Get him out of here!" Hall yelled to the MP's before storming out of the house.

Bonner approached Vas. "I promise you I didn't know about this. But I'll fix it. I'll make this right and bring him back home."



Endira Vas wasn't one to let others fight her battles for her. As soon as the Space Force representatives had left, she marched into the den and and placed at call to Space Force Headquarters. A female admiral named Annette Myers answered. "What can I do for you today, Ms. Endira?"

"My bond mate, err, husband, James Barret, was just picked up by two of your military police under the command of Admiral Hall," Vas said angrily yet calmly. She proceeded to tell Admiral Myers the entire story.

Admiral Myers took a deep breath and slowly let it out. "Thank you, Ms. Endira. I'll look into this and get back to you." 

As soon as she closed the channel, a voice came through her desk intercom. "Excuse me, Admiral, but there's a Captain Bonner here to see you."

The admiral rubbed her temples. "Send him in."

When Grant Bonner entered the admiral's office, he saluted. "Excuse the interruption, ma'am, but there's something I think you should know about Admiral Hall."



James Barret sat in what he could only describe as the brig. "And people wonder why I left the service," he said to himself before he was startled by a knock at the door.

"Barret! You've got a visitor."

Barret was greeted by the sight of Admiral Annette Myers when the door opened. "I'd say good afternoon, but I doubt you've had one."

"What can I do for you, Admiral?" Barret grumbled before sitting down on the thin mattress of his bunk.

Admiral Myers took a small device out of her pocket and pressed a button. "We're off the monitors so we can talk freely. I heard about your situation from Captain Bonner and from your wife. I can get you out of here, Mr. Barret, but I'm afraid I have to ask for your help. Something big is going on here, and I need your help to get to the bottom of it."



"Absolutely not!" Vas practically shrieked when she heard Annette's proposal. "Like I told that asshole Hall, it's a death sentence!"

"Not necessarily," Annette countered. "We're taking all possible precautions to make sure your husband comes back in one piece."

"You don't know what it's like," Vas protested. "We've been attacked too many times by the Verokk, and now you want to send him out there to be slaughtered."

"Not if I can help it, Vas," Grant Bonner, who was there with the admiral said. "Trust me on this. James is the best pilot to come out of the Space Force in the last thirty years. If anyone can pull it off, he can. And with the extra tools we're giving him, he'll do just fine."

"Besides, we need to see what exactly this so called dissident knows," Annette added. "And if she is pulling a fast one on us, then at least we'll have a Verokk prisoner. And then there's the matter of Admiral Hall. He's bypassed and violated a lot of regulations setting this up, and I want to know why. There's more going on here than just a questionable mission."

"I still can't believe Jimmy agreed to this," Jackie huffed. "My brother is many things, but he's not usually this stupid!"

Annette nodded. "It's a real gamble, I know. But like I said, we're giving him the tools he needs to get through this alive and in one piece. And he's more than happy to help us get dirt on Admiral Hall."

"Jimmy never liked him," Jackie agreed. "He said Hall made his life miserable."

"No, James said Hall was a arrogant prick," Jackie's wife Corva added.
