 After half an hour going over her findings in detail, Tim stood shaking his head still unable to fully comprehend what he'd just been told. 

"What do you mean 1200 years extra, how is that even possible!" he yelled.

A few of the group looked over and started mumbling, confirming to each other what they think the heard. Soon there was the entire group of survivors shouting questions at Nicole and Tim. She sighed as she stood up, and prepared to tell the group of the terrible reality of their situation.

"Ok, ok, ok. Everyone quiet please," she said standing up on a rock and addressing the group. 

"I know something about what's happened, if you just bear with me whilst I explain." 

She looked around on the floor and picked up a stick, marking a small hole in the ground in front of the group.

"Assume this is earth," she said marking a point in the ground. 

"And this is Lantea," She marked a second hole about two meters away. 

"Our flight path was carefully planned to intercept five key gravitational slingshot points on the journey." In between the two 'planets' she drew a five more points before joining the dots between 'earth' and 'Lantea' in a zig zag line.

The group murmured, apparently even this simple interstellar map was a revaluation to them.

"The tech monkeys that put in the guidance gyroscope fucked up and it was offset by 2.38 degrees. Voyager 13 missed its first gravitational slingshot by over a million kilometres in the end and has been drifting since searching for habitable planets for us."

She drew a line diverging from the first part of the zig zag but rather than turning at the same point Nicole just carried on drawing as the line went off in completely the wrong direction to the previous plotted route. 

There were some muffled gasps, before someone shouted. "That doesn't explain where we are!" 

"That's because I can't tell you, don't you get it?" Nicole shouted in frustration as she continued tracing the line further and further away in the wrong direction. 

"For 1231 years we drifted in the wrong fucking direction and the ships emergency system navigated 16 unexpected sling shot scenarios, it's only thanks to the nuclear cores and the solar plating on the hull that any of us survived. It was blind luck we stumbled upon a system at all, we should all be dead!" she screamed, throwing the stick as far as she could away from the crowd.

There were further cries from the survivors, murmurs of disbelief as they took in the news. 

"What of the others?"

"Are we the only survivors?"

"Ah! I don't know!" she shouted in frustration. "I think we were the only pod released due to a glitch in the system but I can't talk to the mothership yet, the cpu is still figuring out why that is." 

Nicole returned to the rock and sat down on the edge.

"How do we get back to Lantea?" someone cried. There were murmurs of agreement from the crowd.

Nicole snorted in contempt at the question before looking at the group, her face unable to hid the sarcasm that was about to spew from her tongue. 

"Unless anyone has an interstellar fucking time machine I'd think even the dumbest person would realise that we are not going anywhere, especially not back to Lantea."

"But maybe the other colonies will rescue us?" came the next desperate shout from the group.

Nicole just laughed and shook her head in disbelief. 

"Yeah, that's realistic. I mean, not only do they have no clue where we are, OR that we are still alive, OR that we are 1200 years travel away BUT there is also the possibility that none of the colonies even survived this long. Let's not forget, the arcs were a Hail Mary for saving the human race, from ourselves."

Tim had heard enough at this point and stepped in looking around the group. 

"Look people, it is what it is. Let's face facts that for now, we are on our own. We need to..." He stopped, something in the tree line just off to his left caught his eye. 

He starred at the spot where he though he saw movement, and was just about to convince himself it was nothing when out of the jungle a burst huge humanoid shaped figure heading straight for the group. A couple of the survivors facing in the same direct screamed, as the approaching assailant bore down on the team at incredible speed for its size.

Dressed head to foot in some sort of bio-suite, the being was easily seven foot high, its strong muscular arms clearly visible under the skin tight metallic looking clothing covering every inch of its body. Even its head was completely covered, a large helmet with a shining black visor glimmered in the sun as it ran.

The figure shouted something ineligible to the group, it's voice electronically amplified as it raised the weapon from by its side to take aim at the group. Tim was faster though, and already had his side arm up and pointing at the figure.

"RUN!" he yelled as he carefully took aim and opened fire, two round hit the figure square in the chest, but rather than drop him to the ground they seemed to be deflected by some blue force field. The figure stumbled and dropped to his knees, but looked up at Tim and shouted something in fury.

"You've got to be fucking kidding me, force fields?" Tim screamed. Looking over at Nicole he pointed to the floor. "Plasma riffle, now! Then you run, got it!"

Nicole reached down and grabbed the huge rifle, tossing it into Tim's arms before taking off, sprinting for the cover of the jungle.

The group of survivors scattered into the dense canopy as three more of the suited figures emerged on the far side of the clearing. Nicole turned to see Tim take aim at one of the closest figures with his plasma riffle and fire two rounds. No force field was stopping this weapon, and Nicole watch as the rounds tore satisfyingly through the alien dropping him dead to the ground. The others dropped behind cover immediately.

As Nicole reached the edge of the clearing and dived into the thick forest, the sound of Tim's plasma rifle fell silent. With a quick glance behind her she saw that Tim had been hit and was laying on the ground, an alien pointing its weapon directly at him as it carefully approached. 

The first figure was gingerly getting to his feet, the clothing scorched and marked where the two rounds from weapon had hit his force field on his chest area, Nicole was shocked to see the effectiveness of the alien material, a military hand gun round would normally rip a human to pieces in a marines hand, even with body armour in place it would still do significant damage but this being looked like someone had thrown nothing more than a lump of mud at it. 

She spotted two more survivors as they fell into the long grass from weapon blasts, but she didn't have time to stop for long as the first figure looked over at her and raised his weapon to take aim.

With a scream she jumped into the forest wall and disappeared as fast as she could away from the clearing. She could still hear the screams of the other survivors as they were either running for their lives like her, or were hit by the strange weapons. 

Nicole put as much distance as she could between herself and the camp, she tripped a number of times as she tried to glance back to see if she was alone injuring her wrist. Blood spilt from her mouth from one of the falls, she just about remembered smashing her face into a root.

After a while she slowed, her lungs burning in protest before she collapsed behind a tree sobbing at what was happening. The screams from the clearing had long since fallen silent, either she was too far away to hear them or they had all been captured or killed by the suited beings. She rested just long enough to catch her breath before heading off again into the dense vegetation.

In a small opening she clambered down behind a tree and paused for breath. Her heart was pounding loudly in her ears as she tried to slow her breathing. Freezing in fear, she heard footsteps thunder into the clearing behind her before they clattered through the other side. 

They stopped, clearly someone or something was tracking her and she closed her eyes, preying she wouldn't be found. Sighing in relief as the footsteps moved off she dared to peak round the corner of the tree. The coast was clear so she scrambled up from behind the tree and started moving at right angles to the direction taken by the hunter. 

She had barely taken four paces however when, out of the corner of her eye, she spotted the figure, crouching in the dense vegetation of the undergrowth. It was waiting for Nicole to come out, its gun poised ready and aimed directly at her. She never stood a chance.

She screamed as she felt the impact of the shot on her left leg, it flung her to the ground face first as the power of the impact swiping her foot from under her. She rolled onto her side screaming and looked down, expecting to see blood from the impact. What she saw filled her with even more dread, there was large metal octagon clamped onto her leg that burst into a dozen metal tentacles that thrashed widely like some form of robotic octopus. 

The tentacles quickly wrapped themselves around her thigh, heading up and down her legs as she tried frantically to claw them off, but this only ended up putting her hands in range of its reach. 

She felt the cold metal grip her wrists and arms as they pulled her ankles up to the back of her thighs, her toes almost touching her buttocks. Her arms were next, they were ruthlessly pulled up behind her back and fussed in place in a reverse prayer position. 

As the tentacles rose further up she gave one final bone chilling scream before they encased her head, fusing her mouth together and leaving her all but mute.

The hunter was now standing over her and using its foot pushed Nicole over onto her side. She looked up at the figure out of the corner of her eye, terrified as it said something to her in the strange voice.. She didn't understand the words but could pick up the spin chilling amusement in its voice, it had enjoyed the chase, and was gloating in its win.

She watched the figure press a series of buttons on a pad on its arm and moaned as she felt the metal tentacles touch her skin, somehow they had melted its way through the stasis suite without harming her. 

The heavy bindings of the metal then changed, re-positioned the bonds so that minimal metal was required to hold Nicole, the bindings however were still just as effective. The initial 'shot' fell off her leg and the hunter picked it up, putting the casing back into its weapon. 

As the figure bent down and effortlessly picked her up she felt what was left of the suite fall from her body, leaving her naked and helplessly restrained as she was carried back through the forest.

Nicole was carried like she was nothing more to the figure than a light bag, all the time he talked to her in the strange language. Bound as she was Nicole couldn't move a muscle, or even turn her head as the jungle canopy gave way and she was carried back into the opening. 

The figure threw her down on the floor face first as it went and communicated with its colleagues, Nicole couldn't hear the screams of the other survivors anymore but given her condition that wasn't to say they weren't equally as helpless laying right next to her.

Time went by as Nicole closed her eyes trying to pretend this was all some sort of bad dream but the pain in her wrist, the blood seeping from her mouth told her otherwise. With nothing else to do she used her tongue to feel the inside of her mouth, there was a gap near the front where she must have knocked out a tooth, great! 

She was interrupted by her captor rolling her onto her back and saying something to her. She tried to tell him she couldn't understand but not even a mew escaped the head restraint. 

He pressed a couple of buttons on his control panel and the restraints gagging her eased away. Another strange questions was shot at her.

"P-p-p-lease, I don't understand. Just let us go, please!" she begged.

The hunter looked taken aback and shouted something at his colleagues, before one of them approached carrying a small needle and a small round canister. Inside the needle was a swirling mass of some metallic liquid, it almost seemed to have a life of its own. 

"No, no, NO!" Nicole screamed as the needle was pressed to her neck, and the contents we pushed into her bloodstream.

As the captor studied its control pad, Nicole felt a strange icy sensation rush through her blood, up to her head before it slowly dissipated.

It said something again, holding up the small canister to her mouth, but she still had no idea what it wanted.

"Please, I beg you let me go! I won't hurt you." Nicole begged.

Letting go the hunter seem satisfied and let go of her, the small device in its hand emitted a small beep and he pressed the base of it onto the control pad on its arm. After pressing a few more buttons the hunter looked back at her.

"The translation nano's should be in your system now, nod if you understand." the captor said. Nicole looked shocked but slowly nodded.

With an evil laugh the hunter pulled Nicole up and perched her against its leg, Nicole murmuring in terror at the sight in front of her, as she had feared her shipmates were bound equally helpless on the floor as she was, naked and bound in metal. 

She quickly counted them, 18 bodies including herself. She counted twice more before confirming that only 18 of them had been captured, so there must have been two still free. Looking around she couldn't make out who it was but it was hope none the less.

All of the captives were bound in the same metal contraptions as she seemed to be apart from one, Tim. He was at the far end of the two rows of captured people hanging from his wrists under a tree, looking like he'd taken a beating from the hunters. 

As Nicole sobbed her captor patted her on the head as if reassuringly, before addressing the clearing.

"Under Rutan law, article 21.126, you are all hereby claimed as my prize of the hunt." It said, looking down at Nicole. "Repeat."

She hesitated, but after a hard slap to the side of the face she repeated the sentence to her trapped colleagues.

"You will now be marked in line with section 21.473 before being transported for sale at the slave markets on Rutan prime," it said. 

Nicole looked up at the hunter in shock.

"You can't do this, we are human beings not animals. We can't just be bought and sold at your whim!" she shouted. 

The hunter stepped back causing Nicole to fall the floor, she now could not help but look up at her capture. It laughed at her as he pressed a button on its control panel and a pain like nothing she had ever felt ripped through her body, as she screamed in suffering she was vaguely aware of losing bladder control.

"What is this term human beings?" the hunter mocked. "You are merely cattle, and have no rights. You will translate exactly what I say, nothing else, or you'll feel so much pain you'll beg for the long sleep."

Nicole sobbed on the floor as the pain ebbed from her body, before she was picked up by one of the other suited figures. Her captor walked over to the first body, Nicole making out one of the young women from the crew. She was an extremely pretty and innocent girl called Jessica, and Nicole feared for her fate even before her captor had said anything.

"This cattle," it said pointing at Jessica. "This one is an excellent specimen. Category 1 sex slave. She'll fetch a good price at the market." it said looking over at Nicole, who was crying profusely as she looked at the young girl.

"Translate slave, or else!" it said raising a finger to his control pad.

"OK, ok!" she yelled. 

"Jessie, I'm so sorry. You're going to be sold into slavery." she sobbed looking over at Jessica. 

She screamed as the pain coursed through her again, and by the time she regained composure should could smell that this time she'd lost not just bladder control but all bodily functions. During this Jessica had been picked up by one of the hunters and moved over to the middle of the clearing.

"Translate exactly what I say slave, or else!" the hunter said.

"Why me?" she sobbed. "Why not inject them all!"

Her captor looked over through its helmet and laughed.

"You have spirit cattle, I'll humour you." It said turning to face her. 

"Unless you and your ancestors have been hiding on this moon alone for all your life cycles, you'll know that translation nanobots are expensive, especially ones shipped all the way out here in pods. I only carry one charge with me on the hunt, I've never had to use it before. I doubt many of these cattle will get injected, they'll learn to obey the hard way, by beatings and punishment." it said chuckling.

"That still doesn't answer my question, why me!" Nicole screamed. 

The hunter swung its huge hand, catching Nicole so hard across the face with the back of its hand it knocked her clean over onto the floor. Once again she was picked up by the hunter standing next to her as she felt more blood run out from her lip.

"You will learn respect slave, I injected you because I claim you as my own. I own you and despite the cost I need you to be able to understand me. Now, no more questions, just thank the maker you're not in their place." it said walking to the second body.

Nicole sobbed as she watched the crew inspect each and every one of the group and it was only now she sobbed at the true horror of the situation. The lottery that got her on the ship in the first place had combined a number of factors to select the correct crew, amongst that age, sex, health and breading potential. 

The groups were purposefully female heavy in number, in fact she had hear a rumour that it was on average between 75 to 80 % females on each ship so that breading of the new humans race would be accelerated. Considering no one under the age of 30 was included unless they had skills no-one else had, or no one with any genetic deficiencies, what earth had inadvertently sent these monsters was thousands of perfect sex slaves.

"This is your protector?" the hunter asked pointing at Tim snapping Nicole out of her trance. 

Nicole nodded meekly "He's a marine, and was only...." but she stopped as the hunter held up is finger to the control panel.

"Yes or no will do slave." it said. 

The hunter suddenly punched Tim in the gut hard causing Tim's feet to fly off the ground. It landed blow upon blow to the man, who hung helpless in his bonds.

"STOP IT!" Nicole yelled. "he was just trying to protect us!"

Seconds later she writhed around in pain as the pain coursed through her once more.

"Quiet slave, I'm just having some fun. By rights I could put him to the long sleep where he hangs, but I have a far more satisfying punishment for him." It chuckled. "He will be taken to Rutan and put into the high security correctional facility.

"Prison!" she yelled, unable to hold her tongue but rather than the surging pain she expected nothing came. The hunter turned to her laughing.

"Not quite slave, surely even out here the stories of Rutans correction institutes have travelled?" It said as if everyone should know of them.

"Rutans, what the fuck are Rutans?" Nicole shouted. "We crashed arsehole, our fucking ship crashed and we ended up on this rock. Thousands are missing, probably dead and you're here torturing me for pleasure?! Do you worst, I don't fucking care anymore!" 

The hunters all burst out laughing.

"You will care slave, but first things first. You're telling me you came from where, the great beyond?" it ridiculed, pointing up at the sky.

Behind it she could hear the other hunters laughing along.

"Not the great beyond, a planet shit head." she paused as the hunter raised its finger to its arm. 

This time however the head restraints activated and muffled Nicole's ranting, the tentacles filling her mouth until she felt it would burst as more swarmed around her head totally encasing the lower half.
