 "Aliens my ass!"

"Yeah, that's what the guy on the news said." Janet commented. "Said the government is warning everyone to keep calm during initial negotiations, and not cause any problems."

"For real?" 

Already running late for work, Kate whipped her long straight brown hair into a bun, and clipped it with a clear butterfly holder. She slid her feet into walkers and pinned her name tag onto the shirt front, just over the "C" cup breasts. On another woman, they would have been closer to "D's", but Kate was tall with narrow hips and they just balanced out with the rest of her lean body.

"There were pictures on tv and they could almost look like humans, but they are all big and golden in coloring, and I'm not talking just hair color." Janet explained. "Kate are you sure you have to go to work?"

"I'll call in and see," moments later she replied. " Yeah, the government isn't keeping everyone home, business as usual, they don't want to disturb the economy."

Her job at the restaurant wasn't much, but it help to pay the bills while she took some college courses on the side. Knowing her boss, she knew this would not be a night to call in pretending to be ill, that could get her canned.

"By Janet, see you later", Kate called back as she sprinted toward her car. 

The traffic was staggering, and it took longer than usual to get in to work. Her boss was waiting for her near the lobby desk. "Late as always, Kate." Barney stated.

"Sorry Mr. Winters, Looks like half the city is leaving." Kate checked in on the register, and went to get her ticket book and apron. 

Kate began to work, filling orders, replenishing condiments, and looking for things to do, because the shift had been slow, and the lack of guests in the dinning area was evident. Late into her shift, just a few hours from closing, a group of men came in, they were escorted by several officers and men in suits. However four of the men stood apart, well above six foot tall, each and every one of them, weather golden blond, or golden brown hair each had translucent golden brown skin, that glinted in the lights, like a stripper who had covered themselves in body glitter.

"Kate, please take care with these orders." Barney said.

I cautiously approached, and said with my tongue in my cheek, "Good evening gentlemen, welcome to earth, what can I get you?"

When the roar of laughter died down, several of the officers stepped forward looking toward me with disapproval, "They will choose from the menus by looking at the pictures." Said a 'Man in Black', "All one ticket, on a voucher."

I moved forward to the table, and took an order for what seemed to be food enough for an army.

I went back to the kitchen, "Little help here?" I had to elbow my way through. All of the wait staff had gathered behind the doorway, and no one was venturing into the dinning area, not even Barney.

After what appeared like ages, I got their orders filled and to the table, and politely asked, "Is there anything else I could get you guys, just let me know". As I turned to walk away I heard a low chuckling coming from the four 'Golden boys', I looked back to see fierce green eyes, gazing after me, like I had issued an invitation to jump me.

"Uh-oh" I picked up my pace, and went to the buster station, to fill the coffee urns for the next shift, when I felt some one behind me, he sniffed the top of my head, and I held as still as I could, then he sniffed the side of my head, and down my neck. Suddenly, I smelled spices, it reminded me of a Turkish bakery, cinnamon, cloves, and something else.

"What are you doing?" I said as I spun around, looking up some distance into green eyes.

"The agent told me that if I liked you, I was to let you know, and that you would say to me, Okay, if you would come to a private place, where we could be together" He looked down at me with a shy smile, the deepest green eyes I'd every seen boring into mine. 

Like a person in a trance, I mumbled, "Okay"

He grinned at me and turned to wander back to his table.

An hour later, we closed, and when I checked out, I found a large dark sedan waiting in the parking-lot, the agent got out and opened the door for me to get inside. Once inside the car the agent questioned me about my health, my history, and made me sign a non-disclosure contract, stating that I would not under penalty of imprisonment make any statements about the aliens or facilities I might witness, hereafter. I was tired, and close to taking a hike, but then I recalled he sent of spices that emanated from the green eyed alien, and I signed my life away.

We soon stopped at a large Hotel, and passed through a guard post into the lobby, it looked as if they had taken over the entire Hotel for their purpose. I followed the agent to the bank of elevators, where he handed me a key card, and said "Have a good night, remind San that I said I will come for him at 0700, and to play nice."

Inside the elevator, I looked at the key card and pushed the button for the corresponding floor. I stepped out onto the suite floor, and passed a few more agents, that just nodded to me, as if talking would be a bad idea. Flipping the key card through the door lock I entered the room, on the far side of the room, he lay on the bed waiting, he had showered and had a towel covering his hips. At first I thought him to be asleep, then I heard him sniff, he pulled in great amounts of air, searching for the scent he craved. Then his eyes flashed open and he spoke, "Come to me, you smell so good, like Everian flowers".

I let my bag and jacket hit the floor, and walked to the bed never taking my eyes from his face. "You smell like spices, and maybe vanilla, why is that?"

"Heh, Heh, Heh" He laughed. "That could be the scent of mating, when males of Everian are aroused, our bodies let it be known to al around by smell, at times it even attracts females."

Kate started to remove her clothes, "Yeah, you smell good too, good enough to eat."

She stripped down to just a thong, snug and pink, in all the right places. She walked up between his knees, "My name is Kate, the agent told me yours is San." She placed both hands on his shoulders, "He said to remind you about 7:00 A.M., and to play nice." Kate stroked his shoulder as if trying to rub off some of the glittering of his skin.

He smiled at me, "You will let me know if when I play, it is nice or not, what is permissible with your play?"

"I'll let you know if you cross the line, shall I?"

With that he pulled her forward, and into his arms, he licked her on the lips and sucked on them, like he was tasting her, she tilted her head to the side and gave him lip service, eating at his lips, like she was tasting him. He groaned, flexed his muscles, and pulled her in tighter, letting his hands drift around to her ass cheeks, he pulled and massaged both globes, and slipped his finger under the t-band, pulling at the band, making the material strain tightly against her clit. 

"Oh yeah" she exclaimed as she reached down for the stiffening member hitting her in the stomach, she pulled the towel aside and glided her palm from his crown to the base of his sex, tugging him as she pulled back up.

"Ahh, Santus." He bucked up from the bed, eyes closed in bliss, it had been an age since he had mated with another, of either sex, and this female knew how to please him. However he was surprised when she knelt between his legs and took the tip of him into her mouth, she rotated her head, swirling his member around, she surged forth, and swallowed all she could of him to the back of her throat, bumping him into her voice box, that was when she let out that humming moan, vibrating him to the core, he grasped her hair so hard he pulled the clip free, spilling hair all around his lap.

"Kate, Kate, Kate" he began to chant with a rhythm, She kept a steady pace, and a firm suction going, driving him into ecstasy. 

All too soon he tensed, and she swallowed as he came in her mouth, the overflow seeping from her lips and dripping from her chin.

"Mmmmm, you taste like desert." She giggled, and wiped the back of her hand across her mouth, catching the drops, and returning them to her greedy mouth.

He reached for her and pulled her up and over the top of his big body, and began kissing her again like he was eating her lips. His large but gentle hands caressed down her back, kneading her all the way, and slipped beneath the elastic of her thong pushing it down and off her hips, so she could kick it off her legs. He rolled with her then, rolling her under him, his kisses drifted from her mouth to along her jaw, nibbling and sucking at her skin along the way. His hands, explored her rubbing her skin and pinching as if touching wasn't enough.

"Is it permitted to taste you?" he groaned against her collar, "Your scent is driving me mad."

She gazed up into his green, almost black eyes, asking permission, she thought, are you nuts. "Okay" she barely whispered.

He moved to her breasts and began to suckle first one, then the other until they stood up like miniature rose volcano's, he laved them and pulled at them until they ached. Her chest arched and swelled with his ministrations. He slid lower and nipped at her hip, causing her to giggle, he looked up at face to as if to question, shall he continue. She put her hand into his golden brown hair and caressed his nape, silently urging him to continue. 

He sniffed her sex, "Mmmmm, you smell so good, let me see how you taste."

He spread the lips of her sex, and licked her from bottom to top.

"Ahh, god yes, please." She pushed her box at him.

He attached his lips to her clit, sucking, then nibbling, then sucking again. He slipped in one finger, then two and began to push in and out of her.

Kate wrapped her legs around his shoulders, buried her fingers in his hair and held on for dear life. She flooded out, and he lapped up every bit, soon bursts of nerve ending tingles began to shoot off, causing her to spasm out of control. Then she was screaming, her breath coming out in gasps, as wave after wave of sweet rush came over her. She lay stunned for minutes, unable to move or speak, her heart beating noticeably in her chest.

"Are you well Kate, I did not injure you?" he quires, looking down at her with concern.

"I'm Okay" she managed to sigh. 

She couldn't help but notice as he levered himself up the bed that he was hard and heavy again, where did these guys get their stamina, not your regular human male that's for sure. He pushed her flat on her back, lowered his lips to hers and attempted to push inside her, and as wet as she was, he needed help, she reached down and held him rubbing that smooth darkened head to her entrance, she rubbed him back and forth, and when he could stand it no longer, he pushed himself in.

"Ahh, Santus." He pushed himself in harder, "You are so tight, so soft, I'm going to pass over before I'm done."

"Pass over?" Kate whispered.

"Die" he gritted between clenched teeth. 

He began to push and withdraw, he held his weight above her on his elbows, and anchored her shoulders with both hands so her body could not slide out from under him. He lowered his head, resting his for-head against her, sweat beaded on his brow and dripped from his golden brown hair. He nibbled and suckled at her nipples when he could reach them.

Her body clenched around him, holding him in with each thrust, she pulled her legs up wrapping them around his back, digging her heals into his buttocks, her hands that held onto his sides began to claw and dig into his back. 

His breath billowed in and out like a marathon runner, he pushed himself up onto his hands, and began to plow her belly and pump her deeper, than anyone ever had. She was going to be sore tomorrow, sore but content.

Sounds of sex filled the room, and spicy scents filled the air, as he increased the rhythm and tightened his movements.

Thwack, Thwack, Thwack, Thwack, Thwack, Thwack.

She began to arch with him, riding him from underneath, she felt the fluttering in her core build, and suddenly she screamed out and her muscles clenched, he soon found his release, as she tightly milked him dry. Shifting himself to the side, he slumped to the left of her, keeping an arm around her.

"Okay?" He asked her.

"More than just okay, it was out of this world."

Kate fell asleep, with a smile on her face.