 Author's Note: There will be heterosexual sex throughout this story and even in this chapter. I have always been a reader of the work on this site, and I have always wished I could find more stories that fit my fantasies. I decided that I should just write my own story. I would please like an editor because I am new to actually writing stories! Please comment any feedback negative or positive, obviously I will read every comment and hang on to every word. This will NOT be a mind control story no matter what you read, and without any spoilers, let's just say the main character isn't ALWAYS the hero of the story. If you notice any similarities between words and names with real life games, remember this is a completely original story, but some words and names I will take from many many different sources as inspiration, and I plan on creating many original races for this story.

All people in the story are 18 or above years of age.

Notable words: Mmorpg -- a video game genre standing for massive multiplayer online role-playing game

Mounts: Games usually have animals that you can ride to get around the world, but are only used for that purpose

Mobs: Enemies

Comment with any questions too!

"Finally", Jim thought. He had finally finished the last daily quest he had to do today, and it was 1 am in the morning. He collected his couple thousand goal from the mail from all the auctions he posted today, and turned off his computer.

"I really shouldn't be doing so many, but the money potential is just so good"

He hopped into bed and grabbed the covers. He had two classes tomorrow at 8 and 10 am. He hated Mondays because it meant the end of the gaming marathon that consisted of hours in front of his computer, and that also meant he had to face his teachers and tell them for the millionth time that he didn't do his homework. At least in college, the teachers didn't scold him as much as in high school. He had been playing Endless War for about 6 years, and had loved every second of it.

It was a revolutionary mmorpg that was based on a best-selling book that was the basis for all types of fantasy world. The genius author is known for creating many different races and fantasy tropes that have persisted in all types of popular culture. Jim found the game encapsulating because it really was able to consume his life. He hated his life, a life with no living family members, and going to college studying English because he only was able to get his trust fund after he got a Ph.D. He planned on going to grad school for some bullshit subject, so then he can finally get his trust fund and spend his days gaming with all the luxuries he wanted. The only problem was that college was miserable. He had no friends because people would always want to hang out in person and drink or smoke. He much rather get on Endless War and keep his title as one of the best arena players in North America.

He was exhausted from all the dailies he just did.

"3 hours!" he thought.

It only took a couple seconds after closing his eyes for him to drift off to sleep.

...

Jim groggily opened his eyes instinctually reaching for his phone to turn off his alarm, but he couldn't find it. As his eyes adjusted, he looked to his left and right and just saw these puffy white pillows. Confused and still half asleep, he started looking for his phone. Once he gave up on finding it lying down, he finally pushed himself up and as soon as he got up he was looking straight at an old dark skinned man that seemed to be chuckling at Jim's obvious bewilderment. Jim looked around and he was stunned to see that he was in the sky or something. He recognized the "pillows" as clouds, and starting to feel scared that he might fall through the clouds he suddenly got very still. He tilted his head to look at the old man whose chuckling was starting to subside, but he still had a big smile on his face.

"Where am I and who are you?" he said, "Am I dead?"

Jim knew he lived a very sedentary lifestyle and was very unhealthy. He wouldn't be surprised if it finally caught up to him and made him die in his sleep.

The old man readjusted himself on the cloud he seemed to be sitting on, and then his facial expression became more serious.

"I am your God. You have little to no bearing whatsoever on your world, so you were a prime candidate for what I needed". Jim was about to respond, but the man's hand went up as a gesture to silence him.

"Relax, let me explain," The man took a big breath, "I am the one who has created all worlds and universes, I am, for lack of a better term, God of all. Ten years ago, a man from one of these worlds found a way to get into your world, I never noticed it because frankly I rarely check on worlds I have already made, I usually just create more. However, every now and then, I look upon some worlds to see what is happening out of curiosity. Apparently this man brought his culture to your world and disrupted the flow of your world and his home world that also was disrupted because of his absence. I have never interfered in one of my worlds before, but I felt like something must be done. I decided that it is only logical that a man from your world enter his, and you may disrupt it in any way you want. This would create a cosmic balance between the two worlds which would give each world a chance to realign. This is a lot to take in for you, but too bad. Now, as a gesture of gratitude, you may have one gift that will aid you in your life on this world I will place you in momentarily. No questions please, just tell me what your gift will be. This world has many similarities with a game you play, which is another reason I chose you. I would hope you wouldn't have too much trouble navigating this other world."

Jim was swamped with questions, but he didn't want to piss off God! He was shocked to hear that he could be in a world like Endless War. He had no qualms about leaving his shitty life considering he would be able live in his favorite world. His professional gamer brain was racing with ideas for the gift.

"An infallible weapon, a spell to take over the world, or maybe unlimited money?" he thought.

Jim cleared his throat, "Umm, God? Can my Gift be that I have everything from on my character on Endless war? Like abilities, skills, money, items, weapons and so on. You know it would be awesome because I already have tons of money and a pretty good wep..."

Jim blinked and suddenly instead of staring at an old man he was staring at a plain of green grass and a starry night sky. He was very hot because there was some heat source above his head. He grabbed it above his head and he felt searing pain on his hands.

"Holy... fucking shit!" he yelled

Jim looked and up and saw a flaming crown hovering above his hair. He recognized it as the Fire Crown dropped off one of the bosses from Endless War. It had a really low drop chance, so he had to kill that boss over 100 times. Endless War had an appearance system where any item you ever got has its appearance saved and you can make your current gear look like it. He must be wearing his gear set. He looked at his body and saw his magma robes that were black silk like robes with magma lines running through the robes. He put his hand on his hip and found his dagger made of an orange handle with a black blade with intricate glowing orange markings.

He was Cydonian! A level 200 Black Elf Summoner! He had other characters, but those were just to make money, he would only play arena and other competitive stuff on his summoner. It was his favorite class because he tremendously enjoyed going around enthralling mobs that he could summon to help fight. It also had a really fun fighting style consisting of summoning different animals, demons, angels, and monsters to do damage. After admiring his gear he realized that he wasn't a black elf. His ears weren't pointy! He looked down his robe and saw his semi-big belly. Jim never liked his body. He was an Indian kid at 5' 8", around 220 pounds and chubby. His face wasn't that fat, and overall he wasn't a blimp, but his body had an evenly distributed amount of fat that made his overall frame quite wide. He assumed when he asked to have everything from his character that he would become his character, but he was wrong.

He looked around and he saw nothing but fields of grass. He was in the middle of nowhere with a fire above his head without any idea on what to do. He decided that he was going to fly around until he found any signs of civilization, but first he would have to figure out how to summon his flying mount.

"Menu!" he said curiously. "Mounts!"

It wasn't working

"Summon mount?" He said questioningly. "Summon Blazing Gryphon?"

Suddenly he was blown to the left by a strong wind from his right. He was thrown onto the ground right on his shoulder.

"AH! Fuck!" he yelled.

He rubbed his shoulder and got up. He was pretty pissed, first his hands and now his shoulder? But then as his eyes focused on the beast in front of him, he realized he had succeeded. In front of him was an orange and black beast with a flames bordering around its eyes and a lion's tale made of pure flame. Its front legs were black legs with orange talons and its backs legs were black legs of a lion. Its back was covered by a saddle and its body was mostly black apart from the intricate detailing of flames around its body especially on its two big wings. The beast was his favorite mount because of it matched with his gear, and it was a Gryphon, which is a mythical creature with the front body of an eagle and the back body of a lion. It turned its head towards Jim and its eyes were a piercing orange. It was about thrice times the height of Jim and just as long. It walked slowly towards Jim and seemed to bow its head.

A female voice echoed in his head, "Where shall we go Cydonian?"

Jim said aloud, "um, first, how I do I get on your back? The flames will burn me!"

The voice sounding offended said in his head, "I would never harm my master; my flames are harmless to your greatness!"

"Oh, okay."

Jim was still stunned by the sheer size of his Gryphon, and also wondered exactly how he would ride such a beast. He never even rode a horse. The Gryphon probably sensing his hesitation walked closer and leaned down exposing the saddle on its back. Jim slowly walked up to it. He grabbed one of its wings and pushed himself up attempting to get up on the back. He fell down unable to get that high. He tried again, this time trying to get his foot on the wing. After three tries he finally got his foot on the wing and with one hand and foot on the wing and his other hand on the neck of the beast he leveraged himself up until he stumbled onto his back on the wing. The beast raised its wing and he rolled to the saddle where he quickly grabbed the saddled and after a minute of rolling around, finally got on. He then realized that he was touching the flames the entire time and he never even felt it.

"Where to?"

"Uh, I guess fly around until you see any signs of civilization?"

Suddenly the gryphon's wings flapped hard as it rose upwards and dirt parted on the ground where the winds created by these gigantic wings had hit the ground. Suddenly he was in the air and the Gryphon was gliding about 20 feet above ground and then it started to gain elevation, flapping its wings slowly.

"What should I call you?"

"My name from you has always been Blazing Gryphon."

"Yah, but you need a shorter name... I guess Blaze? Is that cool with you?"

"Of course, I am now Blaze."

" 'kay."

...

They flew for quite a while. Jim wasn't really looking around because the wind was hitting his face so hard that he couldn't really open his eyes, but he still felt a big adrenaline rush from just being so high in the sky.

"Cydonian sir, I see a town a couple miles away!"

Jim thought, "oh yah, I probably should get used to the name Cydonian, I am Cydonian!"

Jim tried to open his eyes to see the town but the winds were too strong.

"Uhh, yah! Are there any woods? Can you put us down in the woods near the place?" he yelled over the loud winds.

Cydonian didn't want to barge into the town on a gigantic gryphon on fire. He hoped to make a more subtle appearance.

"Of course." She said.

He was surprised that there was actually woods, they must have flown quite far because there was nothing in sight except grass where he started. Suddenly he felt Blaze start to descend, and with his hand in front of his face to protect from the wind, he could see Blaze landing. He heard a thump as the Gryphon landed on the dirt. He maneuvered off Blaze and finally opened his eyes fully without fear of wind. He could see a town through the trees about 500 yards away.

He looked up at Blaze, she looked straight ahead in a regal type of way.

"Desummon?"

"Excuse me?"

"Thanks for the ride, so uh, can you go back?"

"to?"

"Where I summoned you from?"

"Oh yes about that...

He stared at this huge gryphon, admiring the beauty of the flames dancing off her body.

"I would prefer not to, the void isn't very pleasant."

He was dumbstruck, he never thought about it, but since this is a real world, the mounts are actual beings instead of mounts that appear and disappear when you press a button.

"Oh, of course, totally, Can you sit here? I don't want you being seen. Or you can go hunt an animal to eat or something?"

She nodded and flew off.

After she flew off, he wondered exactly how he is going to call her back if he can't summon her from the void; he will solve that later.

He started walking through the woods and to the town. Once he got there, he noticed how small it really was. It did have semi-high walls made of wood around it, but the town was just like two blocks of wood buildings. There were lamps and signs in front of each building. Some with names, assumedly homes of people. Others were stuff like "Inn" or "Woodworker". He was surprised everything was in English. Maybe God made him be able to see everything in English for convenience reasons. As he was walking, there was not a single person out there. Considering it was already night when he was transported to this world, he imagined it was pretty late, so not many people would be out and about. He then noticed a sign that said "Blacksmith". He remembered that one of his main professions was blacksmithing, along with others like enchanting and cooking. He was about to go in there and see if he could find work or at least talk and find some information about this world, but he realized, his outfit would be quite intimidating.

"Clothes off?" He whispered so he didn't grab anyone's attention.

Suddenly all of his gear disappeared and he was wearing nothing but the cold night air.

"oh shit!! Fuckkkk!" he softly yelled, trying not to freak out. He tried to remember what gear sets he had, "The fishing one!" he thought, "Fishing clothes on!"

In an instant he was wrapped in a dark black tunic, black britches, and the namesake of the set an old fishing hat. The black tunic was a little tight so it emphasized his fatness, and the britches were also really tight making the fabric really hold on to his penis which was tucked onto the side of his right leg. It wasn't comfortable, but it would do. He would wear this when he fished because high level gear made it less likely for fish to appear, and it made him look like a fisherman. He felt the fishing pole on his back and thought to himself that it might be too clunky to keep around.

"Argon's Famous Fishing Pole off."

The weight on his back disappeared and he was ready to go into the blacksmith. He knocked on the door softly and there was no answer. He knocked harder and he heard a big bellowing voice say, "Coming!! Coming!"

After a couple seconds the door swung open and in front of Cydonian was a big brown man who would look like he was from Pakistan or India on earth, towering over Cydonian with huge muscles and sweat all over his body scowled at Cydonian and said, "come in, I am smelting something". Cydonian wondered what race he was. He ran back through the house, and Cydonian followed. His house was made of stone and the room directly in front of the doorway seemed to be a shop area which was littered with tools and weapons and armor lying around with price tags on them. Cydonian followed the man into the back where it seemed to open up into a living room of sorts with benches and a fire place. Then he followed the man further until he went through a door and he was back outside where they seemed to be a furnace and he went back to the tool blacksmiths use to put oxygen into the furnace. Cydonian couldn't remember what the name was because when he was blacksmithing he would just open the profession window pick an item and go fill up his water bottle while it did everything for him.

"What can I help you with? It's quite late, and I have never seen you before in this town? You a trader or something?"

He was surprisingly friendly for such a beast of a man.

"I am a visitor with no home, and I was wondering if I could get some blacksmith work here. I am a very skilled blacksmith, who could work for you. I would happily work for shelter."

As soon as Cydonian said blacksmith work, he saw the man's face sour.

The man's scowl became even bigger as he stopped what he was doing, walked slowly up to Cydonian, towering above him. "I barely get much work out here, and I do NOT need any competition rolling into town looking like a slave". Cydonian assumed he was referring to his odd clothing, but he was Cydonian, a level 200 Summoner and one of the best!

"Frankly I don't care much about what YOU need, I plan on staying here, and I bet I am a much better blacksmith than you are!" Cydonian looking and pointing to a poorly made dagger. Cydonian was turning back to see the man's response and as soon as he turned around, he was punched right in the face. Cydonian dropped to the ground. He was completely stunned by what just happened. His face was throbbing with pain and his vision was blurry. He tried to capture his surroundings, but he was too disoriented. He saw the big hulking figure of the man walking up to him, Cydonian panicked.

"Flanking Strike!!"

Suddenly two big dark animal-like figures appeared and slashed at the man's face and stomach, the figures disappeared right after, and the man stumbled back covered in blood. Cydonian's vision started to clear up, and he could clearly see a claw-like injury on the man's face and stomach. The man collapsed on the ground in a thud. He was bleeding profusely and Cydonian didn't really know what to do. It was self-defense and he was an asshole. He stood there and watched as the man squirmed on the ground as blood poured out of him, and then after 10 seconds or so, he stopped moving. Cydonian started thinking about something very important; he could do all his spells!! That was a low tier spell that summoned two wolves to do a simultaneous attack. It was a pretty weak spell, but I guess in real life two wolf scratches can do some damage when health bars aren't involved. That is when he noticed that he has been injured and he never felt any more pain after the initial injury. His shoulder felt completely normal and his hands didn't feel any pain from any burn. Maybe HE has a health bar; if he has his health bar of 3.5 million hit points, he would be immortal in a low stakes world like this. He wondered if he would age.

Then he was reminded that he just killed a man who just bled out in front of him.

He had to clean up the mess, but what if he has family. He looked around and found a staircase, maybe someone is upstairs. He might have to kill them too... Should he kill again? Why didn't he feel bad about it?
