 Author's Note: This chapter is going to be filled with fighting, and I won't give any spoilers, but there is a big fight at the end. No sex in this chapter because it didn't make sense. Please comment if you are enjoying my story. First time writing a story, and comments would be great. Something as simple as, "I liked it," would be nice. Please tell me if this is a good length too! Literotica is thorough in its submission process, so it takes about 5 days to upload a story, so expect 5 or 6 days between chapters considering I only want to upload the next chapter after I see if people liked the previous one. Enjoy!

Notable words: Expansion: In an mmorpg, sometimes they release an expansion with new content and a higher level limit. This makes the previous highest level content irrelevant competitively, but provides new and interesting content.

He looked over hoping to stare at the beautiful face of the sexiest women he has ever touched, but what he saw was a look of horror on Maria's face that thoroughly confused him. She was glancing around horrified; she looked back at him with a face of fear and disgust.

"OH MY GOD! AHHHH!" She screamed as she got out of the bed grabbing the animal's skin that is used as a blanket to cover her body and ran downstairs. Cydonian was confused to say the least. What was wrong? Did she come to the realization that her husband's body was rotting downstairs and that she needed to clean it up? Did she feel bad for having sex while said body was rotting? He did not know. He slowly sat up, and pulled on those tight britches; he was going to need more comfortable clothes at some point. After collecting his thoughts he got off the bed and walked downstairs expecting to see Maria cleaning up the mess he made. She wasn't there, he sighed.

"ugh, where is she? I can't clean up all this myself AND get rid of the body!" thought Cydonian.

He looked around the house hoping to find Maria, but after 5 minutes of scouring the house he concluded that she wasn't there.

"where could she have gone at a time like this?" he thought

Then he heard something outside. It seemed like the shuffling of a lot of footsteps and loud talking, but he couldn't make out what they were saying. He walked through the house and out the front door. In front of him about 60 feet away was a mob of assumedly villagers with various weapons such as swords, pickaxes, pitchforks, and even broken glass bottles.

"That's him! He killed my husband and RAPED me!!" yelled Maria to the mob as she pointed at him

"The spell must have worn off, but why? Maybe her orgasm snapped her out of it? Or it doesn't last long?" calmly thought Cydonian as the mob got closer and closer. He couldn't run away... he wasn't exactly fit. Should he fight? Technically controlling her mind was rape that was wrong! He shouldn't have used his power to violate her. With her husband dead too, he definitely scarred her for life, but he couldn't just let himself be killed...

"You have killed one of our own and raped another! You will pay for your crimes against our village." said a scrawny man with a thick beard who stood a little more forward than the rest. He must be their impromptu leader. Cydonian knew what he did was wrong, but the murder was self-defense! He was a level 200 summoner, he shouldn't be scared. In this world, he isn't a fat loser! In this world, he is the one who should be striking fear in them!

"I do not pay for any of my crimes. I am Cydonian, a God compared to you puny mortals!"

"That was good, that didn't sound too dick-ish did it?" thought Cydonian. It made him sound confident and strong! Yah! He is a God compared to them.

"You are no God, you are a vagrant who will suffer for his blasphemy against the real gods!" said the scrawny man. He seemed to have been taken back by Cydonian's declaration, so he and the rest of the mob stopped advancing on him.

Real gods? There were no Gods in Endless War. The whole idea of the game was that all the mortal races were always fighting over who would rule the planet. Was he talking about God, the man who sent him here? But they said gods instead of God. Cydonian lost a lot of his confidence, what if their gods would help them, he couldn't fight a real god! But he had to stay confident and strong, a sign of weakness could encourage them to attack.

"What gods do you speak of mortal? I am the one true god of this land!"

"Bah! Heresy! Dormunga will punish you. She is the goddess of protection; she has always come when we have intruders, none of them as foolish as you though."

The man and his mob started moving again, inching toward Cydonian. Cydonian didn't know whether to believe the man or not, but he would have to end this quickly. All this talk about gods reminded him of one of the monsters he enthralled. He sometimes called her God-killer because she was obviously created with inspiration from Satan, the angel who rebelled against God.

"Summon Satania!"

A hole opened up in the ground between Cydonian and the mob. The air started to smell like smoke, then he could see horns floating out of the hole He knew, the spell had worked.

He had summoned a boss that he enthralled from a dungeon. Enthralling worked on all mobs except current bosses of the current expansion (so you couldn't beat an entire raid by just enthralling the bosses). He loved the character design of this boss named Satania, and that she had a special ability to be immune to damage from Angel species.

She rose out of the hole with her back to Cydonian. She was an angel with angel wings, but she definitely looked like a demon. She had blood red skin, and even her feathered angel wings were all red. She had two black triangle-like horns that jutted out of either side of her head, above her ears, pointing left and right. She wore nothing but a black leather bra covering her most-likely C cup breasts, and a black loin cloth that covered her front, but left nothing of her ass to the imagination. She had black claws coming out of her fingers that gained and lost length to her pleasing, and a long black tail with an arrow-head like point. She was in a battle stance with two feet a good amount apart with both hands held out as she started to grow her claws.

"Whoooooo shall I kill?" breathily said Satania.

"All of them! They have offended me," said Cydonian with as much confidence he could. She looked over her shoulder at him and smiled baring her jagged teeth that were all canines.

"As youuuu wish"

She jumped off the ground and forward and in an instant, she was at the leader who was speaking for the group. Her hand was wrist deep in his throat as blood spurted out of his mouth, but the blood started to magically fly back to her hand that was stuck deep in his throat. She was a hemomancer, a type of magic user who has full control over all blood. She ripped out her hand as the man fell to the ground, and the blood started to form and harden into two daggers for either of her hands. The people were stunned for a second, and started to scream and scatter. She dashed from person to person slashing and stabbing them in an instant, usually stopping to get more blood. This blood went straight to her mouth, and she seemed to be getting faster and faster with each person drained. All were dead on the ground, grey and pale as there was no blood to be found near them except Maria who was kneeling and whispering as she looked up at the sky. Satania looked at her and she was about to pounce when there was a huge flash of light that blinded her and Cydonian. He covered his eyes and after about 10 seconds the light seemed to die down and he looked over to see where it came from. In front of Maria was a young looking white woman wearing a thin white dress. She had short brown hair that was resting on her shoulders.

"Your prayer has been received, I am here." Said the mysterious woman. She turned her back to Satania, who looked to still be blinded swatting the air, and helped Maria up and whispered something. Maria started to run away into the forest. She calmly turned around and looked directly at Cydonian.

"Why do you hurt my people? I must dispose of you now for your transgressions." A completely white shield appeared in her left hand, and a spiked mace on a chain appeared in her right hand.

Cydonian had angered a God! What was he going to do? He wished he could see everyone's level, so he would know whether or not to fight. As soon as he thought that, his vision blurred and once it cleared up, he could see the number 1 above all the dead exsanguinated bodies, and a 200 above Satania, and the number 100 above the "god".

Cydonian laughed, "You are no god, you are nothing to me! Satania, compose yourself and slaughter this weakling". Satania shook her head, finally getting her sight back, she looked at the woman, who Cydonian guess was the Dormunga that the level one man boasted about. Satania dashed towards Dormunga, but Dormunga blocked her dagger with her shield, and countered with a side attack with her mace but Satania blocked it with her durable wings, and crouched and lunged with both of her daggers towards Dormunga's stomach. Dormunga's shield immediately came down between her and the daggers blocking the attack once again. Dormunga jumped back and tried to collect herself because she was obviously surprised, but Satania did not waste any time, she quickly lunged again, but it was once against blocked by the shield. Dormunga pushed her shield forward, knocking Satania back and once again tried to slam her with her spiked mace, but Satania lunged face first for Dormunga's right hand that was holding the mace and sank her teeth into her wrist.

"AHH! You vile beast!" Cydonian noticed that the blood that leaked from the wound was gold. He wondered if Satania could control it. His answer was answered when suddenly the gold blood shot from her wound and wrapped around her neck. It hardened and Dormunga grasped for air. She stumbled back unable to breath. Satania was about to go for the killing blow, but Cydonian yelled, "Stop!" Satania froze, and looked back confused at her master.

"Can I not kill?" she pouted

"You can after I talk to her, release her throat and restrain her and let me ask her a few questions". The golden blood flew from her wrist and bound her hands and feet all together in a hog-tie. The blood wrapped around her neck flew into Satania's mouth and Satania moved to the side as Cydonian walked up to the bound Goddess.

"I'm gonna ask you a couple questions, answer them and I'll make your death swift".

She scowled, but said nothing.

"How many gods are there? And are they stronger than you?"

She smiled, "Ha! There are twenty of us, and 9 are much stronger than me. They will rip you from throat to taint for killing me"

"How much stronger?"

"Enough to kill a vile animal like her" she glanced at Satania who was licking her lips.

"Where are these gods right now?"

"Where they can help of course," she said pompously. Apparently that is common knowledge.

Tired and blanking about any more questions, Cydonian sighed and said, "Go ahead Satania".

She walked up to the hog-tied god and slit her throat. The golden blood seeped out and floated towards Satania's mouth in a steady stream. Cydonian sat down on the dirt and tried to collect himself. So much is going on, and now he has angered gods. At least he knew he was double as strong than this one specific god. All summon's level correlates with the summoner's level, so Satania at level 200 should have made quick work of Dormunga, but maybe level doesn't account for skill in battle. He didn't know for sure though. One thing he did know is that he didn't want to fight all the gods or anything. He wanted a peaceful life. Have the luxuries of food, shelter, and bathing; a woman to fuck whenever he wanted! He wasn't asking for much. He decided that he probably shouldn't charm any more people. It was pretty fucked up, and he has no idea how long it lasts or what the repercussions of using it are on the victim. He would have to find a different way to get his rocks off.

He sat there wondering what his next move was. Everyone was dead here, so he wasn't wanted or being looked for. Maybe he could go to the city and enact his plan of taking over a forge and become a blacksmith. Maybe he could become an adventurer, taking quests and slaying monsters for cash rewards. He had mastered blacksmithing and enchanting, so he could create amazing gear in a world like this, but he was also insanely strong and overpowered, so he could take the hardest quests and make the most money. This was his favorite world, so maybe adventuring would be more fun. Thank god he plays a summoner; if he played a warrior or rogue he wouldn't be able to do anything because he never held a sword or weapon in real life. He doubted any people would be as good at blacksmithing or adventuring as him considering levels in general seem to be pretty low in this world, so he could be the best at his job too. Then he remembered that he was able to see levels because he wished for it. Maybe God forgot to give him some things that he could do in Endless War, so when he reminds him, he gets it.

"I wish I could see people's race, name, and class"

His vision blurred again and once he could see, he looked at the dead bodies. They weren't even human! They were Snowlass. That was a race from Endless War! They looked like humans, but they had many internal differences including 2 hearts and extreme resistance to cold temperatures. That makes sense considering they were all very pale. That explains the weird liquid coming from Maria's breasts! Maybe all female snowlasses are like that. Ugh, she was so beautiful, so voluptuous and sexy! He glanced over and Satania who was pacing around the bodies looking for any stray blood. She was extremely sexy too, but he would have to address that later, he had to get going. A place with a bunch of dead bodies, including one of a God is a bad place to be.

"Desummon Satania."

She looked at Cydonian and pouted, "aww, but I had so much fun". Then the hole reappeared in the ground and she jumped through.

Now he was all alone. He should probably call Blaze to hitch a ride to a nicer place, maybe find a town or city with lodging.

"Summon Blazing Gryphon"

Nothing happened. Maybe you can't summon a mount already summoned? Or...

"Summon Blaze"

Suddenly he was thrown on his butt as wind pushed him back and in front of him was the gigantic Blazing Gryphon that he sent away a while ago.

"At your service" heard Cydonian in his head.

He struggled for a couple minutes and finally got on the saddle on Blaze's back and said, "Fly until you find a city, and place me down near it, but not in sight.

She flapped her wings creating a huge gust blowing away the dirt on the ground, and they were in the air.

He was exhausted, so he put as much of his arms around the neck of Blaze, and rested his head on her warm feathers, slowly falling asleep.

...

He woke up to see that he that he was in the bland woods again. He hopped of Blaze's body. She was apparently sleeping, which is interesting to see. They are living creatures, not just mounts. He was at the edge of the forest, so he walked out of the trees and saw a gigantic town. There were high walls around the entire town with a mote filled with water around it. There was a bridge at the front that assumedly would come down so people could cross the mote. From his vantage point, which was on high ground, he could see the town was at least a square mile, maybe more, all surrounded by tall walls. This is where he wanted to be! It symbolized a true fantasy world that he only dreamed about being in. He saw guards where the bridge would fall down and let people across the mote. He could kind of see some icon or picture on their breastplates. He couldn't make it out.

"Main Gear Set on!". His strongest gear set appeared on his body. He had his flaming crown hovering above him, black robes with magma running through it, a black dagger with fiery markings, no gloves because he never could find one that fit the set, and just black soft boots that felt like they were made by a pelt of an animal or something soft like that. He would have to look the part if he wanted to be an adventurer. That is what he decided on! Blacksmithing is boring, and he wanted to make a name for himself. He probably had to register as an adventurer or something to get quests. He started walking down the hill and towards the guards at the mote. Oh! He forgot about Blaze. He can't show her yet because she might not be a common mount and it might draw unwanted attention.

"Blaze!" he yelled back up the mountain

"I'm sorry, you need to hide yourself"

"Of course". She disappeared into the trees. He moved on towards the guards.

"Excuse me! I am an adventurer seeking work, may I enter?"

The two guards sized him up for a couple of seconds. Cydonian did the same. The guards were covered head to toe in iron metal with a spear in one hand, he saw that they were both level 20

"Name?"

"Cydonian"

They paused, they looked at each other, seemingly confirming their thoughts. Were they waiting for a last name? His title in Endless War was Argon's might, a famous king, but he didn't know if Argon was real here.

"Cydonian, Dormunga's Might!"

Their faces spoiled and they lunged their spears at Cydonian. He had no time to react, but as soon as the spears touched Cydonian's gear, they melted and the magma coursing through his cloak glowed. Cydonian was confused, but glad that he was saved by his gear. Their faces were ones of terror, they looked around, and since they realized that there was no one else on this side of the bridge, they threw their fists at Cydonian, but this time he was prepared. Cydonian jumped back, and was stunned to see he jumped back 10 feet. His body was a lot stronger than he expected. What summon should he use? He needs to figure out why they are attacking him, so someone who can bind well. Satania needs to draw blood, so probably not good against their fully armored bodies.

"Summon Hage!"

The ground and grass on the ground between him and the scared guards started to shake. The grass start to grow and rise. They started to intertwine until Hage was formed. He was ground demon. Grass demons have full control over all plants, trees, and so on. He was 7 feet tall, and his body is just made of whatever the ground underneath him has, in this case, grass. What makes him alive is the soul in his head, and the glowing red eyes that glow through whatever he is currently made of. The mouth finally formed last and he said, "Who shall I dispose of?"

"These two men need to be restrained and questioned. Remove their armor and restrain them please."

As soon as Cydonian's last word finished, two blocks of dirt closed on the two guards like a book, smashing them together. CRRKKK. Once they opened up and released the guards, it was easy to see that the metal was completely disfigured. The guards seemingly stunned could do nothing as the grass extended from the ground as Hage slowly walked up to the pair. The grass started seeping in like vines between the pieces of gear, removing them. After about 20 seconds, all of their gear lay on the ground disfigured, and the two men were completely bound, wrapped in extremely strong pieces of grass. Cydonian wondered how grass was so strong, but he guessed magic could just make it so. Hage walked between thtem and put out both his hands above their heads. A liquid dripped out of the palm of his hand, landing on their heads and then disappearing. He turned around to look at his master.

"Your task has been fulfilled, they will tell the truth. You may desummon me." He said as he bowed very royally.
