 Welcome back!

Next week will be the second chapter of my other story, The Witch's Offering. (Shorter. Modern setting. Magic. Has monster girls but aren't a focus. Lots of pop culture references. XD) After that, the next two weeks will be TRC Chapters :D (I'm slowly getting back on track for weekly releases again. Yay!)

For those of you reading The Runesmith Chronicles for the first time, I recommend going back and starting with the first book The Runesmith Chronicles (it's actually Oni and the Farmer but it's too late to change it here :P). Mostly so you have a better understanding of how things like the magic system works and what's going on as I often reference earlier chapters.

I update my Bio with the latest Chapters and projects I'm working on each time I put up a new post!

As always votes and feedback are greatly appreciated!

Enjoy!

Blu

---

Edited by: Old Fart

---

Chapter 8

Kal and Ria watched as Daxas and her pack disappeared over a hill in the distance. The sprite sighing sadly.

"Sounds like you are going to miss them as much as I am," said Kal.

"No, I'm just trying to decide if I should be proud of you or disappointed."

"Because I didn't bond the whole pack?"

"No," said the sprite wistfully, "because you've been living with a bunch of horny canines and not once did you walk onto the tent and make the comment, 'It smells like wet dog in here,'"

His expression was one of stunned amazement as he stared at the sprite. Ria, on the other hand, was laughing so hard at the look on Kal's face she was slowly drifting to the ground as her wings beat weakly.

The mage's shock turned into a chuckle then a guffaw and soon enough the crossroads rang out with the sounds of laughter from the sprite's unexpected joke. He was suddenly caught up short as Ria flitted up and kissed him on the nose.

"Ria! What?!" he sputtered.

"I've been saving that one for when it was needed. Didn't want to see you moping about all day after Dax left," said the ghostly sprite while blushing so hard her entire face nearly turned transparent.

Kal smiled, "Thanks, Ria. I think I needed that." Looking down he said, "Gerda is going to be here soon."

The mage caught the slight scowl on the little avatar's face out of the corner of his eye. "What was that for?" he asked.

"Sorry, Kal. I'm happy that Gerda is coming but I was sort of looking forward to traveling with you again. Alone." Ria's visage faded as she blushed once again.

"Does this have anything to do with the extremely friendly goodbyes you received earlier?"

"Maybe a little, but we can discuss that later."

"Good idea, she's almost here. Ria, could you fly up and be sure no one is heading our way before she comes to the surface?"

"Got it," replied the sprite before flitting high into the air and checking in all four directions for any oncoming travelers.

Once Ria gave Kal the all-clear to pass on to the golem, Gerda began to slowly emerge from the road in front of him. She attempted to try a sexy pose as she rose up out of the ground but her nervousness at being on the surface ruined the effect. It was hard to see a woman as sexy when she was plainly terrified of her surroundings. The more the golem's body became visible, the more Kal found maintaining that train of thought proved difficult.

When Kal first met Gerda, her human parts were all soft and curvy and the parts of her body made from rock looked like... well... rocks. After a visit from her sister, Bas, the golem was convinced to stop eating what they called 'sweet rocks' which consisted of softer, more mineral-like stones and semi-precious gems. Gerda took it upon herself to exercise more and get her body close to that of his other women. Seeing how hard she was working, Kal didn't have the heart to tell her that he quite enjoyed the differences between her and Perra, whose body was fit from working the farm, or Ikuno, whose muscular frame never seemed to change. It became immediately noticeable that the golem had continued her regimen in his absence, her breasts appeared to be slightly smaller and had lost some of their sway, though the still jiggled enticingly as she scanned the area with apprehension. Her belly and legs were also slimmer and were on the verge of falling into the 'toned' category.

Bas also showed her sister how to smooth out the rocky parts of her body. Her legs, arm and upper quarter of her head now looked like the stones you might find in a riverbed that had been polished to a glossy finish. Gerda shrunk the stone portions of her body to closely match her human side and also grew a thin shell over her human arm, giving the appearance of wearing elbow-length gray gloves.

Despite the scared look on her face Kal had to admit that the golem looked stunning. He decided to let her know how much he appreciated her new look by stepping forward and wrapping his arms around her before pulling the woman into a kiss.

Her fear of the surface momentarily forgotten in his embrace and ignoring the red glow from the strength rune on the new-looking piece of leather he wore, she wrapped her arms around him and pressed her lips into his with all of the longing from months of separation behind it. For long minutes they stood there, their tongues dueling as Gerda rubbed her breasts with their pebble-hard nipples against his chest and ground her sex against the bulge growing in Kal's trousers.

Reluctantly, he finally pulled back. Ria had told them there wasn't anyone coming, but this road was fairly well-traveled and he didn't know how long that would last. It certainly wouldn't last as long as he needed to show the golem how much he had missed her.

Kal was about to ask the bag of holding's avatar for his earpiece when Gerda held up a hand with the palm facing up. A tiny rock with a hole through it and a hook that went over his ear to hold it in place grew directly out of her palm, falling over with a faint click as it broke free. The golem carefully put the device on Kal's ear but instead of speaking just put her arms around him again and held him tight as she sighed with contentment.

The mage was happy to let Gerda get her fill of him after his absence, the only issue was the woman's strength and that he had to constantly use his strength rune to keep her from breaking his ribs. They stood there in silence for a few more minutes before he heard Ria flutter down from somewhere above them and tap him on the shoulder.

"Sorry to interrupt but there's a small merchant caravan coming from the west," said the sprite, looking truly apologetic.

Kal looked down, "Shall we go?"

Gerda nodded and took his hand, the stone that made up her arm extending out and wrapping around Kal's forearm so he couldn't let go, even accidentally. Ria flew down next to her bag and faded away as mage and golem sunk into the road.

---

A short time later Kal felt a rock floor beneath his feet as they stepped into a small cavern, he then quickly summoned a light as there didn't appear to be any glowing mosses or fungi. Gerda used her geomancy to pull a rectangular table up from the floor then tilted and lowered it slightly so one end was at waist level before turning and lying back on it. Kal was already shucking his clothing, the golem's desire coming across the bond strongly. Gerda spread her legs in invitation, reaching up and holding them in place with a hand behind each knee.

Kal leaned over and kissed the rock girl once again, his tongue spearing into her mouth as she moaned from the feel of his body pressed against hers. His hands came up, kneading her breasts and tweaking her nipples as he moved down to nip at her neck. Gerda gasped as he moved his hips forward, laying his cock across the top of her sex so the underside rubbed along her clit when he started making small movements.

"Don't tease," the golem moaned, her voice sounding like someone rubbing two rough-cut rocks together in the mage's ear without the pebble in it.

Kal was torn, he wanted to take his time and make proper love to a woman he hadn't seen in months. On the other hand, impatience that he had never seen before in the golem was coming through the bond along with her lust. He briefly considered teasing her just a little but decided that could wait for some other time. If he was being honest, feeling how badly she wanted him right then was turning him on fiercely and he was quickly losing any resolve to draw things out.

Adjusting his hips, he pulled back slightly, the head of his prick sliding across her clit before slipping down between her lower lips and coming to rest at the entrance to her sex. Gerda let go of her knees and grabbed his upper arms, shaking with excitement as Kal began to slowly press into the wetness of her pussy.

The golem's whole body jerked as the head of his prick slipped inside her. The walls of her sex clamped down as if trying to push him out while the hands pulling on his arms let him know that was the last thing she wanted at that moment. Despite how tight Gerda had become, Kal kept pushing into her. The mage watched for any signs that he might be hurting the woman but instead, she leaned forward and moved her hands to his hips trying to make him go faster.

When he finally managed to get his entire cock inside the rock girl she leaned back on the table. "Too long, it's been too long," she whispered as she wrapped her legs around the mage to hold him in place.

Kal was amazed, he hadn't seen her in this state since they first met and he used his scent to get her so aroused she could barely walk. Off in a corner of his mind, he could tell that Aradelle, Bea and Perra had all stopped whatever they were doing to 'listen in' on him and Gerda's lovemaking. They really didn't have a choice, the lust rolling off of the golem into him was bleeding over into his connections with the other girls. Having only heard tales of his and Gerda's first time together they were all shocked to see the passionate, yet reserved golem girl whipped up into such a state.

It wasn't long before Gerda laid back on the table and opened her eyes, looking up at him while directing him to start moving with her hands. She hadn't let up on squeezing and Kal suddenly realized that she wasn't going to, with her unnatural strength she could likely stay this tight all day.

He started with small motions, little more than grinding against her as leaned over and took a nipple in his mouth. Gradually his strokes got longer, though the exquisite grip of her inner muscles didn't allow for any extra speed, despite the golem's copious natural lubrication.

With as tight as Gerda was, Kal had expected something along the lines of when Bea took his oni-sized cock down her throat and it proved to be too constricting to even let him come. It came as a surprise when he felt the familiar tingle in the base of his balls. Sinking into the golem he held himself there and allowed the feeling to pass. Gerda's human eye opened up and she looked at him with concern.

Kal smiled down at her, "I was getting close wanted to make sure you came with me."

Gerda then did something very unexpected. She laughed.

"Don't worry," she said tapping the side of her head in invitation.

Kal glanced into her mind and saw that she had been in a state of orgasm or near orgasm ever since he first pushed into her. He and Ikuno had learned early on that while being connected to someone else's mind as he made love to them sounded romantic and wonderful, the reality was a feedback loop that gained in strength until he or the woman he was with fell unconscious. Later he discovered that there was a way he could just 'skim' a woman's feelings while having sex, allowing him to know what she liked and didn't without going too deep. Seeing Kal's faraway expression fade as he withdrew from her thoughts, she relaxed the muscles in her sex slightly.

"Fill me."

The strength rune on Kal's only remaining piece of clothing shone brighter as he reached up and put his hands on Gerda's breasts. While he had been inside her head the mage saw that she had planned out this whole encounter. He also saw exactly how the rock girl was wanting him to do as a finale for their tryst.

He squeezed and kneaded her breasts hard enough that a human would have been in extreme pain, but the golem just covered his hands with her own and moaned in pleasure as the feelings sent shockwaves straight to her pussy. He suddenly wondered if he had been far too gentle with the woman up until now. Kal began thrusting harder and faster slamming into her with enough force that she had to anchor herself to the table to keep from sliding away from him. Now that she wasn't gripping him with the extreme tightness from earlier he could feel the ripples inside her sex as the golem climaxed over and over.

Finally, Kal couldn't hold back any longer and thrust hard into Gerda. The woman let out an uncharacteristic shriek that echoed in the small cavern as he gritted his teeth and pumped his seed into her.

The golem collapsed back on the table, breathing heavily. Kal loved seeing her like this, it was difficult to not take some pride in making a woman who didn't even need to breathe pant like a human who had been running all day.

After a few minutes he started to go soft, but Gerda tightened up again, unwilling to let him go just yet. She then reached up and pulled Kal down on top of her, a happy smile playing across her lips as she enjoyed the feel of her lover inside her and his skin against hers after so long apart.

---

Kuto stood atop Perra's shoulders looking down with concern as the very pregnant woman made a stumbling trek back to the farmhouse, the harpy's magic that made everything she touched extremely light preventing the human woman from hurting herself or her child if she by chance fell over.

The swallow had found Perra doing her normal morning chores out in the barn, unfazed by the large belly jutting out in front of her. As the harpy began scolding her for not letting one of the boys take care of things the human's eyes suddenly went wide and she began shaking uncontrollably as she dropped to her knees.

"Perra are you okay!" yelled the bird girl as she rushed over.

She looked up at the harpy with unfocused eyes and a dopey grin, "Gerda and Kal are getting reacquainted."

Kuto scowled, "With all of you sharing this 'bond' thing with him, I would have thought Kal had more control than this."

"Izz not Kal, it's Gerda," explained Perra, slurring slightly as she absorbed the sensations being felt by the golem far to the northeast of here. "She isn't normally this 'loud', so she's never learned how to be 'quiet'." As she tried to stand up the human woman's body jerked, and she dropped to her knees again as Gerda's first orgasm triggered one in her as well. She could tell that Bea and 'Dell had just gone through similar experiences. Bea felt embarrassed and annoyed because she had to step away from her daughter to climax quietly outside. Meanwhile, Aradelle was telling Bea that she might want to come over once Kal and Gerda were done as she was going to have plenty of excess nectar.

"She may not know how to be quiet, but can't you block her out?" asked the swallow, holding out a hand.

Perra shook her head and got to her feet with the harpy's assistance, "It isn't that easy. If I do that she might think I'm dead and I'm not going to ruin their reunion."

"Might think you are dead? Why on earth would she think you were dead?"

The pregnant woman took a moment before answering as another of Gerda's orgasms washed over her, thankfully it didn't trigger one of her own. This time. "I'll explain later. For now, help me get back to the house. Since he left, Gerda has gone without any kind of relief but Kal hasn't, so I doubt this will be over quickly. I'd rather enjoy the experience in my bed than out here in the barn."

It took nearly two minutes to make the short walk to the farmhouse with Kuto doing what she could to make the trip easier. At one point she noticed her mate, Corben, approaching, he had decided to walk from their bunkhouse to Perra and Kal's place instead of flying with her. She flew off for a moment and sent him back home, telling him that Perra was having 'female problems.' The relief on the young man's face was plain when Kuto told him that they didn't need his help for anything and to come back in about an hour to tend to Bonn and the livestock.

The swallow darted back, her lithe body and small frame cutting through the air as she returned to the pregnant woman. They quickly made it back into the house where Perra made a beeline to her room and collapsed on the bed, stripping her clothes off as fast as possible. She wasn't worried about being naked in front of the harpy as Kuto and Ghoss had joined her a number of times at Ikuno's bathhouse, the woman appreciating that they could make the two-hour trip in minutes.

Kuto poked her head in the room. "Perra?" she called out blushing, "Umm... if you like I could help you out until they are done."

The pregnant woman was too insanely aroused to be surprised at the offer. As yet the only woman who had put her tongue on her sex had been Kahrin. Perra carefully weighed Kal's decree that his women could be with others bonded to him, about to be bonded to him or trusted. Kal was impressed with Kuto's organization skills and how she managed the boys but did that translate to... Perra sat up, panting as another one of the golem's orgasms flowed through the bond. 'Fuck it,' she said to herself spreading her legs and beckoning the harpy over. Knowing Kal, the only thing he'd be pissed about is that he didn't get to watch. As the swallow crawled onto the bed a thought suddenly struck her, the expression on her face changing so drastically that Kuto stopped. Letting a little smile play across her lips she indicated for the harpy to continue approaching. Ikuno was just going to have to forgive her for not waiting so the oni could be her first monster girl.

The Perra relaxed into her pillow, the bird girl's tongue delicately teasing her folds as she let herself focus on the golem and felt Gerda quickly build up to yet another climax.

---

Gerda changed the table into a chair and had Kal sit before dropping to her knees and gently taking him in her mouth to clean him of their combined juices. If there was one thing he would never complain about, it was how much monster girls enjoyed the taste of his seed. After she stood back up, for a moment he thought she was about to crawl into his lap but instead extended the seat of his chair out so she could sit in front of him and lean back against his chest.

Kal wrapped his arms around her, "I missed you."

Gerda smiled, "Missed you too."

"Perra gave me a hint that there was another reason you were coming to visit me."

"Told Sandy about you needing to get things from strong and rare monster girls. Dwarves near her are having problems with a snake lady."

"Snake lady? I got the impression that lamias weren't all that rare."

"Sorry, don't know lamias."

"It doesn't matter much, what kinds of problems are they having?"

"Keeps attacking dwarves but doesn't kill. They worked around her for the last few years but home sits on valuable rocks. Dwarves want her to leave but she doesn't kill dwarves, only humans the dwarves have sent to capture her. Sandy thinks you could help," Gerda frowned, "she only kills humans, I don't want you to go."

Kal refrained from mentioning that she just made it sound like her sister was the one killing humans. "How did she find out about this?" he asked

"Dwarves told her."

"What?!"

"Dwarves are of the earth too, they don't hunt us like humans. Hire us if they can. But dwarves can't give golems babies," she explained after seeing his shocked expression.
