 Sensi grunted as she tried to manoeuvre a now unconscious Melissa through the dense jungle.  Trekking through the jungle was bad enough, doing in the dark was even worse but dragging someone along was almost impossible.  Between their original vantage point and the cave entrance was a just short section of jungle, but given the situation it may well have been hundreds of miles.  

It was dark by the time they got to the edge of the forest, Sensi could see the cave up the hillside but there were no lights, no sign of life inside dark hole in the mountainside.  She found a fallen tree stump and carefully lowered Melissa down behind it.  

Melissa was sweating profusely, moaning in contant pain and breathing rapidly, the bite mark on her ankle was no longer just a red puncture wound but a huge puss filled hole, the veins around it dark as if the wound was some sort of organism spreading out as it grew inside its host.

Looking down at her lover Sensi cried knowing that Melissa was in very bad shape,  unless she got help it was possible Melissa didn’t have long left to live.  Looking up at the hill she took a deap breath, knowing she had little choice as to her nest move.  Anything that potentially helped saved Melissa’s life was better than death, surely.

“Please hold on babe, I’m going to find help.” she said cupping her friends face and planting a kiss on her lips.  

Grabbing the weapons she then carefully headed off in the direction of the cave, using the tree’s and boulders for cover as long as she could.

She tried to sneak up to the cave without wasting too much time, but when she got there it was absolutely devoid of life.  There were no lights, no signs of life or activity whatsoever.  It was just an empty, dank cave. Sensi fell to her knees in teh entrance to the cave and broke down in desperation, this had been her only hope.

"Noo," she moaned desperately.

Sobbing she looked back down the hill to the jungle, out of the corner of her eye she could have sworn she'd seen something move, but under just the light of the stars it was difficult to make out anything in the jungles edge in detial.  Given she had no clue what else lived in the jungle she rushed back down the hill towards the spot where she had left Melissa, and as she approached her friend she heard something that made her freeze in fear.

There was a voice up ahead directly where she had left her friend, and being as quiet as possible she carefully tip toed the rest of the way.  Over Melissa’s body was hunched a hooded figure, muttering away it did something to the unconscious woman's leg.

Sensi mustered every ounce of strength she had left in her and raised her gun at the figure.

“Get away from her, now!” she said sternly stepping out of the jungle.  The hooded figure froze and raised her hands.  

The hooded figure said something, it sounded like pleading but Sensi couldn’t understand a word of it.

“I don’t understand,” she said desperately.  “Step away!” 

Sensi stepped towards her, the gun pointed threateningly at the hooded persons chest.  Getting the message the figure backed off a few paces, holding her hands up.  

Sensi glanced down at Melissa, there was something on her ankle, a dressing of sorts and there seemed to be some form of plant sticking out from underneath it.

The hooded figure very slowly lifted its hands and removed its hood, Sensi surprised to see a young woman beneath it with complex tattoos down one side of her face, much like the ancient mauri’s on earth. Her hair consisted of a single tight braid that ran along the middle of her head, from the top of her scalp down the back in a perfect line.  The sides seemed to be shaved clean off giving the woman a rather menacing look. 

Sensi flinched as the woman very slowly took something from her belt, a small round box.  She was crying now, she had no idea what to do but the hooded woman did not appear to be hostile.  She watched as the woman pressed a button on the thing, a small green light glowing in the dark jungle.

“No!” Sensi yelled.  

It could have been a beacon, a tracker or an emergency signal.  The woman raised her hands again, muttering the same words over and over.

“No hurt, no hurt,” came out the small box a few second nds later.  Sensi looked down at the box in amazement, it was a translator.

“No hurt?” she sobbed, her strength to hold the gun was deserting her fast and the barrel now pointed more at the hooded figures feet than chest.

“No hurt, me help you.”  Came the next translation.  The woman smiled softly at Sensi who nodded.

Sensi finally lowered the gun, but no sooner had she relaxed and taken a step forward then she squealed as she felt a small prick hit her in the neck.  Reaching up she just about had time to pull out a small dart from her neck, before blackness overcame her and she collapsed to the floor.

*******************************

Nicole sobbed as again one of the hunters thrust his cock deep into her arse, the pain was no less after the hours the torture than it was at the start of the ordeal.  The hunters seemed to be taking it in turns now, one of them sat in the chair facing her sipping on a beer, his semi erect cock hanging menacingly in plain sight as they enjoyed the show the other put on.

Nicole screamed as the hunter behind her finally started to clench up and cum inside her, the fluid still felt like someone had injected hot acid inside her and her whole body tenses up a she fought to overcome the pain. Apparently the nanobots stopped her passing out, meaning no matter what they put her through she would not escape though unconsciousness.

A painful slap around the face made her open her eyes, the hunter that had just finished with her stood in front of her, his cock dangling near her gaged mouth.  A ring had been firmly wedged behind her teeth holding her mouth open and she fought back the need to vomit as the cock was pushed into her mouth, the taste of her own arse evident, mixed in with the taste of the hunters cum.

“Ready to talk slut, or are you ready for my brother here to take over again?” he chuckled.

Nicole looked up at him and groaned, the hunter bent down on one knee and smiled as he pulled the ring gag out of her mouth.

“Slut’s always break,” he said over his shoulder.  “What do you have to tell me cattle.”

Nicole gasped, taking as much time as she could to stretch her jaws and remove as much taste from her mouth as possible. 

“Water first.” she gasped.

The hunter chuckled and grabbed a cup.  Holding it inches from her face he teased her a little, before slowly pouring the water out in front of her face and onto the floor.

“You forgot to say please.” he said, behind him is ‘brother’ roared with laughter.  “Tell me what you know and I may reconsider with the next cup.”

“Ok, ok.” Nicole said.  “I do have a message from the sisterhood, for you actually.” 

“Finally!” the closest hunter said. “What is this message for me slut?"

“They want you to know your mother wanted to say hi, but she’s too busy sucking cock like the common whore she is!”  Nicole shot.

The hunters face went from triumph to anger in less than a second, and as he stood up Nicole braced herself for the inevitable beating that was to follow.

“Masters, I have a urgent message from Cronus for you.” a voice interrupted.  

The slave girl that was waiting on the two hunters had rapidly entered the room and was kneeling on the floor holding out a piece of paper.

The hunter stood with his arm raised, ready to swing his massive first at Nicole but stopped and turned to the slave.  The other hunter beckoned her over and grabbed the paper, reading the message.

“Come on, Cronus needs us.  He says to leave the slut here for now, we are finished.”

The hunter close to Nicole looked down at her, the anger in his face was worse than ever.  “You’ll pay slut, you may think you are escaping from my wrath but rest assured Cronus will let me at you again.  When he does I will flay the skin from your body and you will beg me for death.”

With a massive swing of the arm he smashed Nicole around the face once more, she felt the warm blood as it rushed from her mouth, dripping onto the floor in front of her.

“Clean this mess up, and await orders from Cronus on this thing.” the hunter said to the slave girl, pointing at Nicole.  

Within moments they were gone, the slave girl quickly busying herself in tidying up the drinks and food.  As soon as they were gone however she put down the tray and picked up a cup of water, taking it over to Nicole.

Helping her to drink she cleared the hair out of Nicole’s face, it was covered in cum from where she had been forced to clean the hunters cocks time and time again after they had sodomized her.

“That was not very smart you know, insulting Thanos like that.  He’s particularly nasty that one.” she said picking up a bowl of warm water and a cloth.  “I’m Bolina by the way.”

“Nicole, I’m Nicole. I’ve been raped, tortured, beaten and enslaved Bolina.  I didn’t figure there was a scale to how nasty they were.” Nicole shot.

“You’ll learn the hard way if not careful, and eventually they will beat the truth out of you like your friend.” Bolina said.  “You need to pick your fights more carefully.”
She started using the cloth to clean up Nicole’s face, gently wiping away the bodily fluids.

“They beat a confession out of her, but like so many things taken under duress it’s not all it cracks up to be.  Can you let me out of these bindings, I need to get out of here and find my friends.”

Bolina laughed as she rung the cloth out and gave Nicole’s face one final wipe.

“You’re funny, where will you go when I let you out I wonder.” Bolina asked inquisitively. “Cronus will find you anywhere you go, nowhere is safe from him.  I’m afraid even if I had the keys I would not let you out, I value my life a little too much for that.”

“Coward,” she shot.  “Don’t you have any pride, any fight left in you?”

“I have plenty, but I also have the sense not to waste it on such a futile mission.” Bolina said.  “What did you mean about your friend, was she lying about the number of sisters you were with on the moon?  Do you know where the Sisterhood base is?”

Nicole went to say something then paused as a thought hit her.  After a short pause she started chuckling, shaking her head slightly.

“I wonder if you will beat me like your masters if I don’t tell you?”  Nicole said.  “Smart play, you almost had me. You can tell you Masters the same thing I told them myself.  Fuck you, fuck Rutan’s, and fuck the Sisterhood, whatever the fuck they all are!” 

Bolina smiled and nodded slightly putting the towel down into the bowl.  Reaching around behind her she suddenly pulled out a short knife and grabbing Nicole’s head pulled it back.

“I don’t work for those monsters bitch for any reason than survival, the Sisterhood just needs to know what you plan on telling them.  We have no idea who you are, but any information about us or the base that gets to the hunters is bad news.”

Nicole looked at the woman with renewed fear, she could feel the steel blade at her throat and looking her in the eye Nicole was sure she would not hesitate to end her life if she wanted to.

“Ok, Ok.” Nicole pleaded.  “I’ll tell you the truth, we don’t know anything about a sisterhood or any base on the moon.  I guess it sounds crazy to you but we really did crash land on that moon in a ship.“

“Your friend said she knew of us, and two others on the moon.” Bolina said pulling at Nicole’s hair a little harder.

“She’s only young, and had been beaten and tortured. Of course she’ll tell them what they want to hear.” Nicole said. “I’m telling you we don’t know anything else. The two she spoke of were from our ships crew, they were not captured and are still up there we think.”

Bolina looked at her, and after a long paused she was seemingly satisfied with the answer.  Putting the knife carefully away she let go of Nicole's hair.

“You really crash landed in a ship?” She asked questioningly.

Nicole nodded. 

“Where did it come from, are there survivors in the dark lands?” Bolina said, there was almost an air of desperation to her voice. "Will they help us?"

“I don’t have a clue what you are talking about, sorry.  My ship came from somewhere very far away, I believe you consider it the great beyond.”

Bolina laughed. “That’s just these superstitious fools that think that.  The sisterhood is well aware that the eternal darkness contains other suns just like our own.  Are you saying there are planets out there as well supporting life?”

Nicole nodded.  “I tell you want, get me out of here and to safety and I’ll tell you’re sisterhood everything they need to know.”

Bolina smiled.  “Nice thought, but however interesting that is I can’t risk blowing my cover from some nice stories.  We are losing this war, we need the information I gather on the hunters more than we need you.”

Nicole starred at the woman for a few moments, Bolina picked up the cloth once more and started cleaning the rest of Nicole’s body.

“You mentioned the dark lands, and I overhead Cronus and Malik talking about the dark war.  What’s happened here?” Nicole asked.

“Malik?” Bolina said.  “I guessed that’s where Cronus sold his slaves but had never had confirmation before.  Did he say where they were selling the rest of your crew?”

“Dark war first, then I’ll share.” Nicole said bluntly, she was fed up the one way flow on information and made that clear.

Bolina smiled and nodded, she understood how difficult Nicole’s position must be.  Looking back around to check they were still along she settled down once more and sighed deeply.

“150 solar revolutions agi, or mega cycles as some might say,  Rutan was a totally different planet, woman and men lived in peace and equality, a great civilisation covered the southern continent where we are now.  That civilisation was called Ruohiki, its inhabitants Rouhiks.  Throughout history the north and the south civilisations had always been enemies, but the 100 years prior to the dark war had been the longest period of peace between the two in recorded history, the north kept itself to itself for once.  Ignoring the north’s silence, in hindsight, was the south’s greatest mistake.

“It turns out that the north had been busy plotting the south’s downfall and building an army unlike anything the planet had seen before.  They used genetics and cross breading to build the perfect soldiers called Rutan’s, you know these as the hunters that rule today.  Rutan is old Ruohiki meaning bringer of death. The stories from the start of the war are horrendous, thousands of hunters descended upon Ruohiki prime and within hours the city laid in ruins, every man and child where killed upon sight, and  woman were raped on the open streets amongst the dead bodies of their kin.

“The northern kings, hearing of this victory commanded the hunters to step down and allow the them to rule, but the desire of the hunters to wage war and rule themselves was simply too strong.  They turned on their masters and creators, launching every single weapon the south had left on the north.  Within sub cycles the northern continent was wiped out, every light went out and the place was considered to be a land of darkness and death.  No one in the north survived in what came to be called the dark lands, and the war came to be known as the Dark War.

“With the destruction of the Ruohiki Prime and the north, most technology was wiped out in an instant apart from that the hunters needed and understood. They decreed space travel an act of witch craft and any technology not fit for war or controlling slaves was hunted down and destroyed, along with whoever had built it.

“Since that time a resistance has been fighting against the Rutan rule, led by the sisterhood of freedom.  It’s a fight we are losing I hate to say, the Rutan’s send hunters every few cycles to the planet’s surface to root out the last isolated camps for free people that escaped through the portal all those sun revolutions ago.  Our numbers dwindle at our moon base, but we will fight until the last person in an effort to see Ruohiki returned to its formal glory.”

“So, there is a base on the moon.” Cronus said from behind them. “Thank you Bolina, I predict you and I are going to have lots more to talk about in the days ahead.” 

Bolina shot up and turned to see Cronus standing there, Jessica chained and shackled and crawling at his feet obediently.  Her head was encased in what looked like steel, it seemed perfectly moulded to her head, the only opening on the entire hood were two small holes over her nostrils that allowed her to breath.  Every detail of her face was reflected in the hood, the contours of her cheeks, the indent of her eyelids and even the shape of her lips.  Around her waist was a gleaming metal chastity belt, much like the one on the slave girl in the bar. Bolina grabbed Nicole’s head by the hair once more and held the knife to her throat.

“Come a step further and I’ll slit her throat Cronus.  I’m not messing.”

“Fine, kill the slut.” Cronus chuckled.  “She knows nothing and I have no need for her, when I enslave you I’ll have all the information I need to destroy the sisterhood once and for all.  I have to admit, I admire your skill.  For years you have served me and my brothers, never in all that time did I ever suspect you were part of the sisterhood’s intelligence network.  I will take great joy in breaking you, Bolina.”

Glancing down at Nicole, Bolina looked her in the eyes one final time.  “I’m sorry Nicole, may we meet again under better circumstances in the next life.”

Nicole squealed and closed her eyes, expecting the painful end to come as her throat was ripped open but instead she heard a roar of anger from Cronus as something slumped onto the floor in front of her.  Opening her eyes she screamed, there lying in a pool of her own blood was Bolina, her throat slit so deep that no one would stand a chance of saving her.  

“Damn it!” Cronus said dropping the chain to Jessica and rushing over.  Pushing the body over with his foot it was clear Bolina was gone.  

“What else did she tell you slut!” he shouted at Nicole.

Looking down Nicole gazed into Bolinas empty, glazed eyes and knew right then what she had to do.  Cronus clearly had no issue with killing her, and if she was to fight any sort of fight she needed more freedom than she was currently getting.  She needed to start complying, she knew the background now and maybe armed with that maybe she could get Cronus to relax around her some more. 

“Well slut?” Cronus roared, painfully grabbing her face and forcing her to look at him. 

“Nothing, absolutely nothing I swear.  I’ve told you what I know about this sisterhood, we never had any idea it existed.  The camp you found, it’s been living in isolation for an age.  I beg you Cronus, I don’t know anymore but I don’t want to go on like this.  I’ll be good.”

Cronus pushed her face away in disgust.  “One night of being fucked in the arse and you turn into a snivelling little slut?  I think not, you are too smart for that, too tough.”

“Call it self-preservation, or do you like having me tied up like this all the time.  I’ll do you a deal, I’ll play along and behave if you stop treating me like this.”

Cronus roared in laughter as he walked back over to Jessica and grabbed the chain.  Pulling her back to the chair he sat down and patted her on the head twice. To Nicole’s horror Jessica’s face changed, a hole appeared around her mouth as her lips seemed to part, the hood moulding perfectly to the new shape. Fumbling around in front of her Jessica found Cronus’s trousers and after pulling them open, took his cock into her mouth without so much as a fight.  Cronus sighed as Jessica started eagerly sucking on his thickening cock, she was even moaning in pleasure.
