 Tray watched Emerald walking across the expansive lawn that was her front yard. So many people in this area made their land into farm land, not the Lady Emerald though, no, she instead made her land into a sanctuary for wildlife, and large town sized parties.

She was an elegant woman, tall, perhaps five nine, long corn silk colored hair curled and wove about her hips, fair skin and a warm long smile. Her body was nothing to shake about, unless it was a shiver of excitement. Full breasts still very much so firm and round, wide hips that came from a gentle curve of a mothers hip, long legs with slender ankles and tiny feet.

Tray wondered why such a lovely woman was alone, certainly someone in the town she was mayor of was trying for her hand. Money, looks, brains, and best of all she was very loving of her children, to which Tray was certain she had at least two.

Tray flipped his cigar into the beer bottle that sat empty next to him, he never left a trace that he had been there, not difficult for one such as he. Completely off the grid, he had been stolen from the hospital when he was born, having been a twin no one thought anything of it when only one child was presented to the state after the single mother had died in birth. His "adopted" mother died when he was merely eleven, he had been on his own ever since. He learned to hide from everyone, taking what he needed, through stealth or force, it was no matter to him as long as his needs were met. He was far from a poor waif, yes, he was living from hand to mouth, but he really did want for nothing. Well, almost nothing. 

Deep inside, all these years being alone, he dreamed of someday having a family of his own, one to care for, to raise, to love as his own. A home, not just hiding in someones forest guest house, but a home all his own.

This woman who walked her property in long flowing gowns of delphinus materials was someone he thought was way out of his league. 

A smirk swept across his face as he watched her ineffective guards walking about, he already had their rotations memorized, they only changed the paths they walked once a week, easy to sneak past. He watched her as she went into her home, which was also covered in ineffective guards. He popped open another beer, sipping from it slowly as he watched her move through her glass and wood mansion in the tree's. 

Emerald went through, turning lights off throughout the mansion, some rooms she would smell the flowers placed there by her maid that day, or sweep a delicate touch over a fern or other greenery that was heavily prolific throughout the mansion. When she disappeared upstairs, Tray took out his sniper rifle, stolen yes but top of the line, he really liked the scope it carried, through this, he could watch her every move. Including her perfect face.

She did the same thing she did every night he had watched her get ready for bed, she undressed, showered, put lotion over her entire body, then combed and dried her hair. For some reason, the mere act of preparing for bed made Tray feel a stronger desire then he had ever felt in his life. He wanted her, he wanted her in every way, somehow he would accomplish this, somehow. Emerald slipped into a sheer gossamer gown of full length and climbed into her massive four poster bed. The damn thing had to have a staircase so that she could get up to lay down.

She fluffed her pillows and blew out the candle she always had next to her bed, her day was done, Tray's was just about to begin, with any luck he would be able to get into a fight in the backstreet cage matches. Make some money, earn some respect and maybe even get laid.

Motion to the side of the house drew his attention, looking again through his scope he watched as one of her guards was pulled back into the bushes. Tray almost dropped the gun when he watched the guards flesh be ripped from his skeletal system. Only bones stood there now, but they moved! As Tray watched the thing walked with the shadowy figure that had stripped it towards the mansion. 

Tray's sights swung back to Emerald's bedchamber. He grit his teeth when he watched her sit up, staring at the bedroom door as if she knew something was coming. Tray didn't wait, another guard fell to the man and his bone stripping. Running through the tree line he took aim at the shadowy figure, but before he could shoot he spotted another one, this one was simply killing the guards he ran across.

Emerald's forces were dwindling fast, so he shouldered his rifle and went into the house from the kitchen. The remaining guards were all fighting now, the carnage was bloody, messy, and nowhere near humane.

As Emerald ran pellmell down the servants kitchen stairs he reached out and grabbed her, she screamed into his hand as he drug her squirming back into the shadows of the pantry they were next to.

Tray pulled her face to his cheek and whispered to her lips. "Quiet, their outside." 

Even in this dark and frightening moment his heart wrung with desire as her large emerald green eyes looked in terror to his dark features. He could feel her heart beating wildly through her back which was pressed against his chest. When he spoke, she nodded her affirmation of silence.

Tray let her go, regretfully, and turned to the door. He led her into the forest, meeting only one intruder along the way, he didn't last long, the ass end of Tray's sniper rifle worked just as well as the bullet spitting end, and much more quiet at that.

She was not running as quickly as Tray desired, her feet were bare, and tripping through the forest was a daunting task. So once he knew they were far enough away he turned and in one swift motion swept her off her feet to lay over his shoulder. Emerald only gave a slight squeak to this, which was good as they could still be heard from the mansion.

Once he cleared the forest line he made sure the way was clear and took her to his motorcycle. Clearing the entire property wasn't necessary, as he knew every corner of it by this time, and he knew exactly where he would take her. 

Above the mansion was an old cottage. During the winter it had been used as a hunting lodge, now it was simply an empty building that had seen better days. He could watch from there and protect her more easily. The man in the lead of the attack had done some crazy magic, and Tray simply didn't want to deal with it.

When Emerald was in the cottage she paced back and forth, wringing her hands nervously. "Who, exactly, are you? Not that I'm ungrateful or anything, I just, I don't know who you are."

He looked from the window to her, in the faint light of the moon through dirty windows she was still the most beautiful creature he had ever seen, the fear in her eyes made her even more so. No one had followed them, the attackers seemed to be content to rip apart her house but all Tray could think of was how her flesh fairly glowed in the moonlight.

He set his rifle against the wall and walked to her. She was shorter then he was, just the perfect amount, her face had to tilt upwards to look from his chest to his features, which were set in deep intent. 

Emerald's eyes grew large again as he placed his hand in her hair behind her head and kissed her deeply. His tongue roving the entirety of her luscious mouth, swirling about her own tongue as he explored her breathless half returned kiss. His free hand swept down over her ample round ass, catching her there and lifting. Emerald struggled slightly, unable to do much more as he crossed the room, still ravaging her lips with his own as he went to the undressed bed that sat beckoning him on the other side of the room. He had saved her, it was plain to see, and now she would repay him. She was no virgin, she knew men, and this night she would know one more.

Tray laid her down, lowering himself over her, pinning her to the bed with his own weight as his free hand swept up her leg, raising the gown she wore. She protested into his kiss, only managing to make him grip her leg firmly to stop her from kicking at him. Her hands pressed his chest, she wasn't that strong, though the long nails she clawed him with were entrancingly painful. The sting only made him growl lightly into her mouth.

He released her head, kissing then down her neck as he used both hands to lift the rest of her gown to above her hips. The lace panties she wore gave to his commanding fingers grip and left her firm flesh. She cried out, begging him to stop, but not convincingly enough for the man who had watched her for months now.

The top of her gown came next, sliding it down over her breast, leaving the thing wrapped about her waist, exposing to him the portions of her body that he wished to ravage. His mouth, hungry for her, slid to a full breast to suckle upon the soft flesh there as his hands flew to task of releasing himself from his jeans, yet still holding her in place.

Emerald struggled, moaning and whimpering at the same time.

Tray's fiery kissing went from her breast to her belly as he blazed his way to her smoothly manicured pussy. A lick, a nip on the clit, and he slithered his tongue between her now throbbing labia. Her eyes flew wide as she gasped, her fingers went into his long ebony hair gripping not in eagerness to escape, but in pleasure at what his talented mouth was doing to her heated pussy.

When he was ready he kissed and nibbled his way back up her body, making her whole form shudder and quake, as his lips came to hers he whispered again. "Tray..."

His rock hard shaft dove into her body eagerly as she cried out again. Unused to the size of the man that was now within her. Her outcry entered his mouth and motivated his hips forward with an aggressive thrust. Emerald's eyes teared but her legs drew up his side, opening herself more to his strong thrusting. She could feel the muscle spreading as he stroked into her, and throb with desire when he pulled out to recoil for another thrust.

For what seemed forever he rolled his hips, thrusting in and out of her now perspiring form, Emerald was near tears as she could not seem to stop cumming. 

His cock would leap and jump within her, tuck under her pelvic bone, pressing against her cervix and shake her core. Her lips parted, gasping and gulping as she felt as though he would shove his cock out through her throat and mouth.

All she could cry out was, "Oh gods!"

Soon Tray slipped his hands under her ass and bucked back, so that he could look down at her as he drove hard within her, raging towards his own long awaited orgasm. Her hands flew to her hair, gripping it in fistfuls as she rolled her hips in a desperate dance to continue the maddening orgasm, her hips bucked up as her back arched.

"Oh gods! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she screamed, wantonly.

Tray was happy to oblige, and drove himself balls deep into her body, thrusting hard enough to rattle her body up and down on the mattress. He grit his teeth as he felt himself swell, her body responded by tightening harshly around his cock. Tray threw his head back in a silent howl as he filled her quivering body with his hot cum.

As he slid to lay upon her, now spent but very happy, he spoke in a quiet tone to her ear as she lay near unconscious beneath him. "I'm going to have to do this a lot more now that I saved you, in my world, you keep what you kill, or save."

She practically purred her response as she fell to sleep, safe and well fucked.