 This story is a continuation of the 'Trapped on Novas' series. The plot line and characters continue directly on from chapter 8 and so it's recommended to read previous chapters first to get character background etc.

The story is set on an alien planet, has themes of BDSM, slavery, and at some point violence so if you are not into that sort of thing then maybe this is not the story for you. ;)

***************************

"So, your day was unsuccessful then in finding members of the Sisterhood?" Cronus said as Nicole sat on the floor by his feet. 

They had returned back to his home after leaving the slave market, the auction wasn't to be held until much later that evening. Jessica was dragged along with them, and put up no fight as she was positioned in the corner of the room where she always knelt.

"I've only been there a day, and half of that I was chained up!" Nicole said defensively. "I'm going to need a little more time than that to find out anything Master."

Cronus chuckled and nodded. "That you will, but I'm afraid I can't trust you to stay motivated without proper incentive."

Picking up the metal disk that formed the hood he leant over and pressed it to Nicole's forehead. As it started to encase her head she whimpered, and the last thing she saw before the metal covered her eyes was the grinning, smug face of Cronus.

The metal entrapped her mouth, fusing it together before finally spreading down her chin and around her neck. She knew that much like Jessica her head would now be totally encased in metal, and that unless Cronus wanted it she would hear or see nothing. As the panic caused by her confinement set in, she felt Cronus fiddling with her hands and within moments they had been pulled up behind her back and locked onto the base of the collar that had formed on the hood.

For a while she felt nothing, Cronus just left her kneeling on the floor as she was, totally helpless and it was a shock when she felt a tug at the collar pulled her to her feet. As she stood up there was a secondary tug from behind and slowly she felt the tension change as Jessica also was pulled to her feet. 

Nicole figured they were joined again at the collar, and sure enough with a tug she felt Cronus pull them out the door as Nicole tired her best to follow, each step was a step into the unknown, and all she could do was fully focus on the feel beneath her feet as she took each step.

She felt the terrain change, from the cold, hard floor of Cronus's house, to the soft, sandy like paths of the outside world. She could feel where the sun had shone on the paths, the sand was hot on the soles of her feet unlike the shaded area's that felt cool and almost damp. From time to time there would be a step that would try to catch her out, she soon realised though that before this Cronus would allow the slightest of slack in the chain and sure enough by the time they reached whatever building she had been lead to the pace at which they walked was pretty reasonable considering both she and Jessica were totally blind to the surroundings.

The first thing that hit her about the place she had been led to was the smell, someone seemed to be cooking and whatever it was smelt wonderful. As she was pushed to kneel on the floor her mouth started watering, it had been days since she had eaten anything other than cum, or that disgusting cum substitute from earlier and now she was being tormented by the wonderful smells of this place.

Suddenly she could hear, as if someone had flicked a switch and turned on the power. She could hear Cronus to her left, she must have kneeling on his right hand side from what she could tell. Moments later she could see, and sure enough right next to her Cronus was grinning down at her from a huge chair. She could barely turn her head, the collar had seemed to tighten up forcing her to look almost directly ahead at the table that he sat in front of.

"So Malik, my crew and I will be most disappointed if we don't get up to the 75 tera's per slave tonight. How confident are you on that price?"

"Very," Malik said a little further away from them, opposite to where Nicole was. "In fact I'm so confident I'll make you a deal. I wager that on average, you will get 78 tera's or more tonight."

"Confident aren't we," he said. "And just what do you want in return?"

"Total exclusivity to sell all your acquisitions for the next two mega cycles, that includes your crew as well. I know that some of them use that butcher Ragnar from time to time."

"Sounds reasonable, and what if you lose?" Cronus said.

"I won't," Malik said confidently. "But if I do I'll supply you with free nanobots for 2 mega cycles. One for every acquisition you sell through me."

"One for every acquisition not matter where I sell them." Cronus said holding out his hand.

Malik grunted but grabbed Cronus's hand, shaking it hard. "Oh ok, it's not as if I'm going to lose anyway."

Just then Nicole heard a slave girl interrupt the two men from behind her. "Excuse me Masters, your food is ready."

"Ah excellent." Cronus said slapping the girl playfully on the arse as she leant over Nicole.

She let out a little yelp as she put the plates down, followed by two more huge tumblers of beer. Nicole could make out the piles of meat on Cronus's plate, it looked incredible and Nicole's stomach let out a groan. Malik on the other hand had something far smaller, a pile of what resembled rice, with a small slab of fish and a salad. 

"Can I get you anything else Masters? Some water or supplements for your slaves perhaps?" She said looking over at Nicole.

Cronus grunted and shook his head. "No need, the slut's been fed once today and the other doesn't need anything other than what my cock gives her."

With that the slave girl bowed and left the two men to their food. Picking up one of the pieces of meat by the bone that protruded out one end Cronus ripped off a chunk of meat with his teeth and started crewing. Nicole looked on enviously.

"This one looks hungry Cronus, I trust you've started feeding her something. It's been two days since I gave her that supplement shot, that would have worn off over a day ago."

Cronus nodded as he swallowed the next mouthful of meat.

"She got some food at lunch, probably not as tasty as this was it slut?" Cronus said taking the bone and wafting it under Nicole's nose. Nicole moaned desperately, she was so close but with her mouth still completely sealed off she might as well have been miles away.

Malik laughed, "You are mean sometimes Cronus, very mean! How is Omega going?"

Cronus looked over at Jessica and then back at Malik with a huge grin. "Perfect, she's almost done with stage one I feel."

"You still want to try for stage two?" Malik said. "I mean maybe stage one will be enough surely."

Cronus shook his head and scowled at Malik. "No, I want it all. She's going to be the one, I know it Malik."

Malik nodded and went back to his meal. Before long both men had finished, and looking over at the clock Malik quickly wiped his face clean before pointing at the clock.

"It's time Cronus, let's go find out just how much money we have made shall we?"

Cronus led Nicole and Jessica up into the private auction area, the stair case was guarded by two large men that immediately moved to one side to let Cronus and Malik through. Nicole was shocked to see that in the middle of the room were stands now filled with familiar faces, and all of them looked terrified. 

Her former crew, all that were to be sold were now lined up, completely naked with hands secured behind their backs to thick metal collars. The stands seemed to have large metal poles that pushed up and inside the captive's rear ends, pushing them all up onto tiptoe as they precariously stood there.

Nicole couldn't help but cry at the sight of all her former pod members as they waited, terrified, for whatever was going to happen next. Cronus pulled Nicole and Jessica over to a corner and pushed them down onto the floor. Like at Cronus's house, they were soon chained to the wall, kneeling and restrained unable to do anything. Cronus looked down at Nicole, tears streamed from her eyes still.

"That's right slut, your people are going to be sold off tonight and there's nothing you can do to stop it. In time I'm going to make sure every slut in the Sisterhood is here, chained and plugged for the amusement of Rutan's."

Nicole glanced up at Cronus best she could, anger filled her eyes. She would have told him then something she regretted, but thankfully the gag in place stopped any knee jerk reactions to his taunts.

"Still got that fiery temperament I see. I'm glad I've not broken that, I like it." He chuckled. "Now I'm off to check out your crew mates a little, I'm going to be kind and let you watch for now, but I don't think you need to hear anything do you."

Shutting off her ability to hear Cronus left her and over the next couple of hours the room filled with all sorts of men who had come to look at the prized stock. Malik and Cronus spent time talking to everyone in the crowd, they were clearly trying to up sell the goods as much as possible. From time to time Cronus would bring someone over and show them Nicole, he would allow people to pinch and feel her breasts as he showed off her fine body trying to impress them with the quality of stock.

Soon Nicole was watching as one by one her former crew mates were sold off to the amassed crowd. It wasn't a frantic bidding like she had witnessed down on the market floor, this was far more civilised but the net result was the same. Before Nicole knew it the stage was again empty, and she could see Malik grinning from ear to ear as Cronus slapped him on the back. The sale must have gone very well.

Nicole couldn't believe it, she had promised to fight with all her might, to escape and save her fellow crew but in the end there she was, chained and helpless on the floor as one by one they were sold off to god knows where. She doubted she would ever see any of them again.

Broken, she didn't put up any resistance as Cronus dragged her and Jessica out of the hall and back to his house. He didn't say anything to her, he didn't need to. He knew he'd won. Seeing her friends sold off like that had affected Nicole far more than she expected. 

Cronus shut off her eye sight just before dragging her out the hall, and once they got back to the house he wasted little time in making use of both Jessica and Nicole. Once again Nicole was left wanting as Jessica took all the benefits. Nicole could taste the mix of salty cum and Jessica's sweet pussy juices on his cock as he face fucked her for an age. When it seemed he was finished with her Nicole hung in her bonds, chained to the wall sobbing uncontrollably.

**********************

The raiding party had stopped deep in the forest, it was late and they had made excellent headway to the drop bay. Sensi looked nervously as the Sister's quickly climbed the trees in pairs and found thick branches to rest on. Carissa saw her nervously looking up and went over to her.

"It's the safest place to sleep Sensi, not just from stray hunters but as you found out there are a few nasty surprises crawling on the forest floor." Carissa said. "Here, let's try that one up there, it might be big enough for both of us."

Sensi looked up nervously, but with the help of Carissa started to climb. The tree was huge, and sure enough they reach a massive branch high up that Carissa hopped on to and nodded. It was about two meters thick, and at the base of the tree the trunk hollowed a little.

"This will be great, plenty of space!" Carissa said sitting down against the trunk and looking up at Sensi. 

Sensi looked over the edge and wobbled a little. Bending down she clung onto the thick branch and looked over at Carissa.

"We'll fall off for sure!" she said. "Is there nowhere else?"

"Oh come on, if you want to hunt with us you need to be like us. Come over here, we'll cuddle up for warmth."

Sensi nervously crawled over to Carissa, resting up against her. Carissa wrapped her arms around her, placing her hands on top of Sensi's.

"I won't let you fall Sensi, trust me." she whispered in her ear.

She could feel Carissa's breath on her neck, it was warm and sent a shiver down her spine that made her feel guilty just at the thought of being this close. Carissa's breasts pushed into her back and heaved with every breath she took, Sensi's own nipples hardened in arousal being this close to the young woman and she felt an urge to turn and kiss the huntress.

"This feels weird Carissa," she said. "Nice, but weird."

"Oh come on, this is what we do. Look at the others."

Sure enough Sensi looked around the tree tops and spotted the rest of the Sister's, cuddled up in various nooks and crannies of trees. Looking up through a large gap in the clouds Sensi looked out upon the stars. It was absolutely stunning, in some circumstances this would almost be romantic and Sensi placed a hand on top of Carissa's, gently stroking it. 

Sensi looked up at the sight in front of her, part of the plants surface was still lit by sun and signed as she studied it. Clarissa lifted up an arm and pointed Sensi's gaze to the land mass on the north most continent. It glowed a deep orange where a desert seemingly covered the entire surface.

"You see that land up there, that's Ruohiki. At least the start of the land mass that Ruohiki is on. If you look right over to there you can see where the dark lands start."

Carissa moved the direction of her finger, and Sensi's gauze followed until she made out where Carissa was pointing to. It was clear why it was called the dark lands, the land was scorched black by the bombs that had fallen, reminding Sensi of her own planet's plight that lead to her being here. 

"Tell me again will you, about your planet before the war?" Sensi pleaded to Carissa. 

As Carissa spoke Sensi signed contentedly, she tried to follow the tales, follow where Carissa was pointing but the sound of her voice, and the warmth of her body had Sensi practically melting in her arms. Before Carissa could finish Sensi was deeply asleep, like a child that had been told a bedtime story. Carissa folded her arms around her and placed a gentle kiss on Sensi's neck, making the slumbering Sensi moan slightly in her sleep. 

"Get some rest my sweet Sensi, tomorrow is another long day." Carissa whispered before closing her own eyes.

******************************

Madam Selene looked down on the assembled slaves and started handing out jobs for the day. Stopping at Horai and Nicole she grinned wickedly.

"As for you two sluts, I've got something rather special for you after your antics yesterday." she grinned.

They were dragged up to the auction room which was still messy from the night before. Madam Selene took delight in strapping theirs arms high up behind their backs before leading them over to the line of poles that had been used to skewer the auctioned salves the night before. Nicole could make out the dried juices on them and feared the worst.

"16 poles sluts, that's 8 each. Here's the deal, I want each and every once glisteningly clear by the time I come back or your beating yesterday will seem like a friendly tickle." Madam Selene said staring at the two slaves. 

Horai looked at the poles then back at her.

"How do you expect us to do that with our hands like this?" she exclaimed. 

Madam Selene grinned stepping over to Horai. She lifted her hand and whacked Horai around the face so hard it knocked her over.

"You're a mouthy one slut, fortunately that should be all you need to do what I tell you otherwise you'd be gagged." Madam Selene said as Horai got back to her feet. "Now quit yapping and get to work."

Nicole realised what was expected and lowered her mouth over one of the poles as Madam Selene watched. Sucking in as much of the rod as possible she tasted the dried juices of her former crew mate. 

"There, this one has figured it out. Now I suggest you follow suite and start sucking slut." Madam Selene said and walked off.

Given they had dried overnight the residues encrusted on the posts were really hard to get off, and Nicole found out that she was really going to have to work at it to get the juices off. Soon enough she was bobbing her head up and down, trying to polish the pole as best she could.

After cleaning the top of the pole she then moved onto the lower parts. She was never going to reach all of it sucking on it so soon moved to licking around the sides. She glanced over at Horai, she was busy cleaning as well.

"Why did you protect me, I mean you could have avoid some pain by giving me up to Cronus yesterday." she finally asked when she finished cleaning her first post. "I'm sure Cronus would have been very grateful you found both Bolina and I for him."

"I didn't give up Bolina, I told you. And I'm not here to expose the Sisterhood, I want to help."

Horai snorted, "And what help could you be exactly? You're just a cock sucking slut, I've seen you in action with Cronus, you can't get enough!"

"Exactly, I know pretty much everything he does don't I. Won't that be useful to the Sisterhood, to know what his plans are, to feedback what he does?" Nicole retaliated.

Horai snorted but something in her face told Nicole she hadn't completely dismissed the idea. Nicole pressed on.

"I have a plan, I just need help putting it in place. Believe it or not I came from a ship that's in space above the planet. On it, in a deep sleep are thousands of people that will fight. If I can escape, get to the portal and to my kit I can raise a resistance that might allow us to be rid of the Rutan's once and for all."

Horai looked at her and shook her head a little. "And you thought I was crazy. I suggest you focus on sucking cock you little slut, it's all you're good for it seems."

By lunchtime Horai and Nicole had finished, each post now stood gleaming on the stands as Madam Selene came back to release them.

"I should have known sluts like you would have no problem sucking these posts clean. Now get yourselves off to lunch, one quarter sub-cycle and be back here."

Madam Selene released their arms and they scurried out the room. At lunch Horai immediately split off from Nicole, heading to a small group of slaves in the far corner. Nicole sighed, it was clear she wasn't going to get far with Horai and the Sisterhood today. She was distracted by Thelma waving at her and beaming, beckoning her over.

"Hey Nicole, how are you?" she said. Nicole smiled, apparently she'd made a friend.

"I'm ok, bit of a sore throat. I've been cleaning those god damn auction poles all morning." she said picking up a spoon and dipping it into the Synthcum.

Thelma cocked her head and looked at her questioningly.

"Let's just say we weren't allowed to use our hands, or cloths to do it." Nicole said grimacing as she ate a spoonful of the sickening meal.

"Oh," Thelma said catching on. "That sucks."

Nicole snorted in laughter at Thelma's unintentional joke, bits of synthcum flew from her mouth as she struggled to keep the mouthful in its place. It had been the first time since her capture she'd laughed in fact, and it lifted her spirits no end. Thelma realised what she'd said and giggled.

"Sorry, didn't mean to, you know, rub it in."

Glancing over Nicole could tell Horai was talking to people about her. They were carefully watching the guards and when out of ear shot were deep in conversation. Thelma spotted Nicole checking the group out and looked back at her bowl.

"I wouldn't get involved if I were you, Horai and her gang are not to be messed with from what I hear." Thelma said looking around to check for guards before leaning in to Nicole and whispering, "They have contacts you know, powerful ones."
