 Nichole stirred from her drug induced slumber, groaning as she remembered the reality of her predicament. Her vision was completely obscured now by some sort of hood, but she could still feel the familiar feeling of the trolley and, more disturbingly, the intruder in her arse as she was pushed to god knows where. 

She couldn't be sure but her restraints felt different, the harsh chafing of the metal tentacles had been replaced by smooth bands, although the end effect was still complete restraint of her arms and legs.. 

The trolley stopped, and for a while Nicole was left to wonder just where she was and what Cronus planned to do with her next. When someone did finally touch her she squealed in shock as she was lifted off the rod and carried a short distance before being pushed onto a cold metal slab. Her left leg was suddenly released from its bindings, but if Nicole had any glimmer of being freed it was short lived. Her leg was quickly fastened to the slab, and after each limb was treated in the same manner she was fully retrained to the slab.

Whatever was covering her head was finally removed and she blinked as bright lights shone in her face. Adjusting to the lights she found herself in a large, sterile looking room much like a doctors surgery. Looking around she was alone apart from Cronus, and a short man who were looking intently at her.

"Let me go!" Nicole screamed. The two men looked at her and chuckled as she thrashed in her bonds.

The short man approached her and started tracing her body with a finger. Nicole tried to get away from his wandering hand, but the restraints made most movement impossible. She shuddered in disgust as he groped on of her breasts, stifling a moan of pain as he roughly twisted a nipple.

He grinned at the muted response, seeming satisfied at the response before moving on to her pussy. He pushed a finger into her, Nicole wincing in pain. 

"Dry, but tight," the short man said. "Nano's will sort out her slit so it's always ready for you Cronus."

The man, however disgusting to Nicole, did have skill and within a short amount of time his finger had expertly aroused her pussy sufficiently that a wetness spread through her sex. Disgusted with herself Nicole closed her eyes in shame.

"Still, she responds far quicker than I'd expect Cronus. You have a horny little slut here I think!"

Nicole turned defiantly to the man, mustering all the courage she had left.

"Fuck you imp, Fuck you." she said, spitting at the man but missing.

"Spirited as you say Cronus. Quite amusing she still thinks this sort of behaviour will result in anything good!" the short man said standing back.

"Indeed Malik, I'm looking forward to training her. When her will breaks she will be a fantastic sex slave." Cronus said grinning at Nicole. 

She felt sick at the mere sight of him. The two men turned and sat down at the tablet in the centre of the room. 

"So have you inspected the rest of the captives I dropped off last night?" Cronus asked.

"I have, and I must say the results are intriguing." Malik said. 

"Something wrong?" Cronus said sitting forward quickly. "Something that will affect the sale?" 

He was clearly concerned about the profit he would be making.

"It will affect the sale, yes." Malik said. "But in a very positive manner my friend. The cattle you bought me has a genetic purity unlike anything I've seen before. Where exactly did you find them?"

"I'd rather not say exactly, but it was far out on the western front on Luna." Cronus said.

"Well wherever they are from, if you find more you'll bring them to me won't you. These slaves will fetch top price at auction, my usual terms apply but I would expect you to me making 75 tera units on each slave. Minimum."

"75 tera units?" Cronus said shocked. "No slave sells for that at the markets, ever!"

"I didn't say markets my friend, these are too good for that. The private auction is restricted for only the top products - grade 1's. You have seventeen top products right here that I'm sure will sell well in three days."

Cronus sat smiling looking at Nichole. His grin turned into a chuckle, which turned into a roaring laugh. He reached out and held out his hands to Malik.

"You have a deal as ever Malik, but its fifteen slaves. I'll keep the one I fucked earlier given the profits I'll make. It will help me break this one quicker I think."

Malik nodded. "Very well, I still make I that sixteen do I not?"

"The man, the beaten one, is being taken to the correction facility. He killed one of my hunters with a projectile weapon."

Malik looked stunned. "Killed?" he said in disbelief. "With a weapon on Luna? Have you reported this yet to the grand council?"

Cronus snorted. "And bring that sort of heat on my operation? I might as well give up this batch of slaves as well, you know what. No, no one is reporting this, it's been put down as a tragic accident and will stay that way."

Malik went to say something then stopped himself. Looking at Nicole he seemed to run though the scenario's in his head before nodding. 

"Very well Cronus, you may be right in this case. Still, a hunter killed by a slave, I can't remember when that last happened. It's very odd."

"I too find it strange that a bunch of slaves can get that sort of weapon Malik. I've wondered myself how it got there, but could have been from an number of things. They had projectile weapons back in the dark war, didn't they."

Malik contemplated this for a moment and nodded. "I'd be shocked if any of them made it to the moon, but I guess it's feasible. I do recall some unauthorised rockets being fired that way a couple of decades ago."

"The equipment is being picked up by a recovery bot, it will be stored at base camp if you can't wait for the next direct shipment back." Cronus said grinning.

Malik shivered. "You know I don't trust that transporter. I know how it works and I'd rather keep all my atoms in the order they're currently in. I'll wait for the moon report, no doubt they will have to inspect it. Do you need anything else, injections, collars that sort of thing.

Cronus shook his head, standing up. "I'm good Malik, I have a stock of everything I need but rest assured I'll be back to you when I re-stock. Until the auction?"

The men exchanged pleasantries again and Nicole groaned as once again her arms and legs were pulled back in the restrained position she'd been in most of her capture. With a slight whistle, Cronus picked her up and exited the building, carrying her like one would carry a small bag.

As soon as they were outside Nicole could tell they were nowhere near the jungle, the road were a dusty red colour, and the heat from the sun felt totally different. Unlike the oppressive tropical heat of the jungle, this was a more pleasant climate.

********************************

Cronus weaved in and out of the buildings, Nicole's view was restricted pretty much to the paths and soon she figured out they were climbing some stairs and entering another building. Nicole just made out the bed before she was thrown onto it, and rolled onto her side. Cronus quickly, but careful released each leg in turn much like on the slab at Malik's, but rather than attached them to the far end of the bed her legs were pulled over her head doubling her up. Her sex was fully exposed, Nicole knew what was coming and could do nothing to stop it.

Going to a cupboard Cronus pulled out a large syringe, and whilst it was similar to the injection she had been given in the jungle, this needle was far bigger, and the contents seemed angrier in some way.

Cronus held up the needle to Nicole and grinned wickedly. "This may hurt a little slut, it has to be injected somewhere rather sensitive!"

Wide eyed in fear, Nicole screamed into her gag as Cronus used his free hand to part Nicole's, pussy at the top, exposing her clit. A tear escape her eyes as she felt the needle piece her most sensitive spot and pain flared through her like nothing she had ever experienced, but the initial pain of the needle soon turned into a strange, icy sensation as the needle contents were forced into her and started circulating through her blood stream.

"Look at me slut," Cronus said straddling her chest.

Nichole looked up and for the first time since her capture she felt something different inside her, not fear, not pain, but desire. Her pussy tingled, arousal rippled across her body as something changed deep within her. Her nipples seemed to grow and Nichole could feel the cool air of the room as it seemed to brush over her body like a sensual feather. 

"I take it the nanobots are working my little slut, but be warned, if you do anything without your Master's permission they will punish you most severely. I'll show you just a fraction of the pleasure these bots can provide but I assure you the pain is equally intense."

She watched as Cronus stripped off, this close up his cock was even bigger than she thought in the cargo hold. What she hadn't appreciated from afar before was not just the length, but the girth of the thing. It had to be as thick as her wrist and for a moment she wondered just how Jessica survived the ass fucking. She had a burning desire to find out, something that sickened her to the pit of her stomach.

"That's right slut, you like you Master's cock don't you! Consider this stage 1 of the nanobots calibration to me." Cronus said getting into position.

Nichole had never felt anything like it when he slid his cock deep into her, the pleasure was astronomical. 

"Oh god, you're so tight slut! I've never fucked a sex hole so wet and warm!" Cronus said in delight.

As he started thrusting in and out Nichole couldn't help but close her eye's in shear ecstasy, but as she reached the point of cumming she couldn't seem to get over the edge, something was holding her back from what would be the greatest pleasure she had ever experienced in her life. Cronus sped up until finally with one big thrust he buried his cock deep inside her as he came. 

As soon as the first spurt of cum hit the inside of Nichole she was released over the edge, her body shuddering and tensing up as the pleasure overcame Nichole, almost driving her to pass out. As if part conscious, part unconscious, she felt the gushing juices from her pussy as she tensed up again and again, the muscles in her pussy rippling over the giant cock inside her milking all the cum it could from it. It was like a different being inside Nichole had taken over, and all she got was the pure undiluted pleasure of the orgasm.

Finally flopping off her Cronus rolled over onto the bed and gave a huge sigh of satisfaction as he closed his eyes. Nicole however was still in some sort of post orgasmic bliss, the cum for Cronus was dribbling down over her arse sending shivers of joy through her body. 

For all the pain, suffering and humiliation of the past few hours she was certain of one thing, she needed to feel those highs again. She sighed, wondering just what more was in store for her.

*******************************

As the sun rose on the lush jungle moon the impact crater of the single stasis pod seemed eerily quiet. The fires had long since burnt out and the jungle had already started to claim the pod as its own. Rain and mist due to the intense humidity tricked down over the open entrance way and some of the smaller wildlife from the jungle had started to venture on and around the alien object. 

On the jungle floor not far from the ship, part hidden next to a large log in a clearing a small electronic station hooked up to a solar power cell had finally finished diagnosing a particularly tricky issue. Nicole had set this up more in hope than in expectation, but she would have been shocked to find out that the system had actually worked. It relayed its corrective action to the pod as programmed, the architect of the de-bugging program no longer around to instigate the corrective actions developed. 

Inside the pod the last glimmers of power were about to fail, backup reserves of backups mustered every last electron to send a millisecond burst communication to the dark mothership orbiting overhead. With its job done, the pod finally died, resigned to the jungle forever more. 

High overhead the huge Arc, or Voyager-13 as it was known to its slumbering inhabitants, had been orbiting the moon automatically since entering the system nearly a week ago. Nearly all the power was dedicated to maintaining the delicate cargo on board but even that power was running out. The nuclear cells where long since expended, and the solar power system was heavily damaged by time. As it stood only 2% of the solar systems were effective, the rest rendered ineffective by broken relays and corroded power connections. The automated system could do nothing about the physical set up, all the parallel systems installed to bypass such events had been used. 

The Arc's CPU was stuck to a repeating loop, the glitch that had caused the released of pod AB14-22 for some reason could not be filtered out and every time the system cycled through the same steps in an effort to fix the bug. If it wasn't for the actions of the pod this would have been the case until this ship too succumb to a lack of power, but the comms burst inserted a second glitch to the system that was designed to do one thing, counteract the first and break the never-ending reset loop of the overall system.

Working perfectly as planned the Arc's CPU finally re-booted and assessed the dire situation. Following protocol a single stasis pod was prepared for immediate revival, and lights illuminated the command stasis pod module. 

Unlike the awakening for the crash pod inhabitants, the commanding officer of the Arc was awoken from the pod slowly, the stasis fluids draining as planned along with the cleaning cycle of the pod. As the door opened the tired body of Commander Tessa O'Conner stepped out of the pod but immediately fell to her knees. Still groggy from the wakeup she gasped the foul air and realized something was seriously wrong, looking around with blurry vision she could tell no one else had been activated and fearing the worst she crawled over to the central pillar and raised her hand to activate the emergency stasis override. 

Millimetres from the button her hand stopped, something in her mind was telling her to this wasn't right but the foul air was almost enough to make her black out. In the corner of her eye she spotted the purple and red flashing warning lights and she racked her brain for the purpose - with her mind struggling as it was it took a few moments before something popped into her head, life support failure.

Suddenly it clicked into place, the stench of the air took on a new, and deadly meaning. She was being poisoned by the CO2 in the air, the scrubbers must have failed. Her hand backed away from the button and she looked over to the far end of the pod. On the side were personal respiration units, there were five assigned to this pod, and despite only being 5 meters away the Commander groaned at its distance. With burning lungs she mustered the last of her own reserves and dragged herself over to the wall, as she pulled the face mask down over her face the automatic air scrubber started up, but not before darkness had taken the commander.

**********************

Cronus snored loudly as he slept, but Nichole had no such pleasure or rest. The warm glow for the explosive orgasm she had been subjected to was long gone, in its place was guilt, anger, fear and most disturbingly desire - desire to be fucked again and feel that pleasure once more. Nichole felt sick to her stomach at the mere thought, she had no idea how long it had been since her capture but even in the short space of time he had managed to do this to her. She had to remain positive and be ready for the moment he let his guard down.

She tried to think of a plan, but every time some of his juices tricked from her pussy it sent a shiver of ecstasy through her. She need to get out and fast, otherwise she was not sure how much longer she would last - and she was sure she overhead Cronus say the auction of the grade 1's would be in three days. 

Finally she came up with a very simple plan - escape from here, rescue the others, get to the arc. There was an entire platoon of marines on that arc, they could then figure out how to rescue the others whilst she and the rest of the engineers looked at controlling that portal.

She slightly chuckled to herself, step one Nicole, escape... 

Unable to even move her head she figured for now she would have to wait. Cronus didn't sleep for long, and when he did wake up he wasted little time in using Nicole. 

This time however he shoved his semi erect cock deep in her mouth, Nicole barely able to open her mouth wide enough to fit his cock in. 

"Stage 2 slut, you'll swallow my load whether you like it or not." Cronus said.

As he face fucked her she could feel her body respond to the pre-cum from his cock - it was like the most powerful aphrodisiac known to man and before long her sex was soaking once again and she couldn't help but moan in pleasure at every thrust into her mouth.

When he finally did cum she coughed and chocked on the huge amount of seamen that erupted from him. The taste was simply divine to her, she hated him knowing that this was all a result of the nanobots but none the less she couldn't help but gulp as much of the juices down as possible. 

Pulling out she moaned in desperation, she needed more, but at the same time never wanted this pig to touch her again. Sobbing where he left her she wondered just what else these nano's could do to her. Stage 1 and 2 already had her craving more and more of her masters cock, she had an awful feeling that stage 3 was going to be the most painful of the lot but would only dig her deeper into a sort of addiction to sex with this monster.

Cronus seemed to head for the shower, and Nichole finally spotted a glimmer of hope. Before leaving he removed the control bracelet from his arm and flung it onto the side. She knew as she was she didn't stand a chance of getting to it, but maybe, just maybe, in the future that would be her way out. 

Cronus came back in to the room after his shower with a slightly confused look on his face. Picking up the bracelet he quickly put it back on his wrist, pressing a few buttons that caused Nicole's arms to be released. 

She shifted on the bed, more of his cum seeped from her pussy and unwittingly she scooped some of it up with a finger and put it to her mouth, moaning at the heavenly taste. Suddenly though she realised what she had done, a surge of resentment through her but she dared not look at Cronus. 

"How did you get to be on that moon with projectile weapons slut?" he said drying his hair in the towel, before throwing it onto the floor and grabbing some clean clothes.

Anger swelled up inside Nicole at the use of the word slut, Cronus using like it was a pet name for her or something.

"Fuck you," Nicole spat. "I'm not telling you anything."

He barely stopped what he was doing as he chuckled to himself.

"You still have spirit, good. I was worried you'd already turned into a snivelling little cum slut watching you scoop up the left overs just then. I'll get my answer soon enough, but I'm glad to hear I'll have fun getting it out of you."

Having got dressed Cronus stepped over to Nicole on the bed, she drew back in fear but couldn't escape the man's reach. Kicking and screaming she fought against Cronus as he grabbed her by the hair and dragged her off the bed, throwing her to the floor.

"This could get boring slut, I have some patience but not a lot. I suggest you start behaving yourself or else." He said.

Pushing her to the floor he pushed each arm up behind her back, bringing a scream of pain from Nicole as she thought her arms would be ripped from the sockets. Pushing them to the back of the collar Nicole soon found out that they had been locked in place, rendering them useless once again.
