 Nicole shouldn't have been surprised that the largest building in the city was also the centre of slave trade for the Rutan's. It seemed all roads led to this one central building, and as Cronus pulled Nicole inside she grew nervous for what she was going to find inside. How the hell, amongst all this hustle and bustle, was she to sneak around and find anyone sympathetic to the cause?

The ground floor of the building was a huge, open auditorium that was so busy even Cronus had to slow down to avoid having the chain to Nicole pulled from his hand as he pulled her through the crowds. Despite the fact that all around the halls huge archways opened up the hall to the outside air, the number of people made it almost unbearably hot inside the hall. Mixed with the smell and noise it was a barrage on the senses, especially for Nicole who had spent the night restrained in the metal hood, without sight or sound.

Thousands of cages seemed to be filled with slaves of all ages and sizes, chained up in various degrees of bondage. Some were bound head to foot, unable to move or even make a sound as men passed by the cages and reached in, pinching their bodies. Others however were relatively free, and some were even becoming men over and dancing provocatively for them.

"Master Cronus, you've finally come to get me my lord!" one called out. Cronus stopped and looked over into the cage and chuckled.

"Fucking hell you old hag, don't tell me you're still here!" he chuckled. "Mind you, we both know you've not been the same since I fucked you in the arse all those years ago!"

The woman looked offended, and stuck up her middle finger at Cronus who roared in laughter. From down the path one of the sellers shouted loudly at the woman and poked a long stick through the bars. The woman squealed in pain as the stick emitted a loud crack of electricity.

"Sorry Master Cronus," the man said. "Big mouth that one, can't seem to shift her, or shut her up. May I help you today, are you selling this slave?"

"Not to worry, she's harmless enough," Cronus chuckled. "An extra beating or two though wouldn't harm. No I'm not selling, but I do need to see the Master of the Market immediately. I want to put this slut to good use today, let her know the meaning of a good days work shall we say."

The man nodded and clicked his fingers, one of his many servants scuttling over for instructions. 

"Go inform the Master of the market that Cronus needs to see him immediately."

The servant nodded and headed off into the crowd.

There were so many people going about their business in the hall, most of them men although most were not the same size as Cronus. Based on what she could see, hunters like Cronus were actually few and far between. Nicole looked over at a large stage not far from where they waited, on it a number of female slaves were hanging from their wrists as a man shouted out to the gathered crowd. It was an auction.

Men yelled up at the stage and lifted numbered batons as the seller on stage took bid after bid for a pretty looking young red head. She bore the signs of numerous beatings on her body and a half of her head was ensaced in metal, gagging her as she witnessed her own fate being sealed infront of her eyes.

As the man finally accepted bidding had ended sold she thrashed in her bonds as the guards on the stage walked over and picked her up, her new Master thrust some firm of payment to the seller before rushing over to collect her from the edge of the stage. 

As soon as she was on the floor next to him the man began to beat her with a thick leather strap for no reason other than the fact he seemed to enjoy it, no one tried to stop him and in fact the man on the stage started laughing before turning to the next woman and pointing.

Cronus laughed as he watched the bidding start again, Nicole however was horrified at the scene.

"Master Cronus, this way please." the servant of the seller said returning. 

He led them through the market and to the base of a staircase that led to a large concourse above them. Large curtains blocked the top of the stairs, and two armed guards stood watch only parting them to let Cronus in when he reached the top of the staircase dragging Nicole with him.

Inside the large room beyond the curtains was an exceptionally fat man sat in a large chair overlooking the market below through a huge window. Between his legs knelt a young red headed woman who was half hidden under the man's cloak. It was clear what she was doing and slowly but rhythmically her head bobbed up and down as she sucked on the man's cock, even the arrival of Cronus hadnt stopped her in her duty. Two more slave girls, each locked in chastity belts, scurried around the room to fetch a drink for the visitor.

"Cronus you old dog, how's it going!" The fat man said holding out a hand as cronus walked up to the chair. "You seem to get older faster than anyone I know, surely it's time to retire?"

Cronus grabbed it and smiled, gripping the man's hand hard and squeezing it. The man's fingers immediately started to turn white as the circulation was cut off. 

"By the gods Faustus, do you eat one of your slaves every day? You get fatter faster than anyone I've ever know!" Cronus chuckled.

Faustus roared in laughter and snatched back his hand back rubbing it slightly with the other. Clearly Cronus's grip was stronger than his and it had hurt.

"Not bad for an old man hey?" Cronus chuckled before sitting down. 

Pulling on the chain he pulled Nicole down in-between his legs and pushed her to the floor. Faustus chuckled and clicked his fingers, and almost immediately a slave girl showed up between the two men with two glasses of a thick amber liquid.

"To fucking whores and whipping slaves." Faustus toasted, raising the small glass.

Cronus nodded and raised his glass, downing almost half of it immediately. Looking down at Nicole he pointed at his crotch, grinning from ear to ear. 

"Remember the deal slut," he muttered. "Play along or else."

Nicole sighed, if she was honest with herself she had already decided to play along a bit more and sucking on Cronus's cock was probably the least repulsive thing she could be made to do right now. She just couldn't help but get turned on by the taste, the texture and the overall feel of his cock as it slid in and out of her mouth.

Unbuckling his trousers she opened them up and pulled his pants down to unveil his manhood. The red head girl looked over out of the corner of her eye as she sucked on Faustus's cock and looked shocked at the size of it. She looked even more shocked as Nicole voluntarily picked up the head of it and popped it into her mouth.

Sucking the head in she closed her eyes, savouring the taste. She slowly took in more and more of the semi flaccid cock, it was actually a novel experience not to have something ripping her jaw open as Cronus forced it down her throat. Cronus moaned in pleasure as Nicole took her time, one hand gripped the base of his cock as the other cupped his large balls. As she pulled off his cock, the head popped loudly as it emerged from her mouth.

With gusto she took the head back into her mouth, sinking it deep into her throat until her chin touched Cronus's huge ball sack. Pulling back she looked up at Cronus as she then took his whole length back into her mouth. Starting to increase the pace she kept her eyes fixed on Cronus as he looked down at him.

Cronus groaned loudly in pleasure, his body responding fast to Nicole's attentions. It was one thing fucking her mouth as he had, but having her actually voluntarily suck on it, use her hand, use her mouth and tongue was something else. Without caring for anyone else in the room Nicole started sucking faster and faster, fondling his balls harder as he grew more and more aroused. Nicole could feel his muscles tensing up and shoved as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, but Cronus clearly didn't think it was enough and he grabbed the back of her head pushing it further down.

Spurt upon spurt of the thick, warm, delicious cum erupted from Cronus's cock as Nicole desperately tried not to gag, as a dribble of cum forced itself out her mouth and onto Cronus's balls. 

After a few moments Cronus let go of her head, allowing her to pull back slightly as she continued to gently suck on his cock. Savouring every drop of cum Nicole obediently cleaned up his entire shaft and ball sack, only stopping when Cronus patted her on the head. Carefully she pulled his pants back up before buckling his trousers and returning to her kneeling positon.

It was only now that Nicole realises Faustus, and the three slave girls had stopped what they were doing and had been watching intently at the show Cronus and she had put on. Blushing bright red in shame she looked down at the floor.

"That's a blow job slut," Faustus said slapping the girl between his legs hard, throwing her to the floor.

Sobbing the girl sat back up and looked up at her master.

"I'm sorry master, I'll try harder!" she begged.

Faustus however was clearly angry and slapped her again. "No chance slut, GUARDS!" 

One of the guards came into the room fast.

"Take this slut down to the guards room, ensure as many men as possible fuck her face until she can suck cock properly." Faustus said.

The girl was practically dragged away kicking and screaming, begging her Master for a second chance. The door closed and Cronus just sat grinning at Faustus.

"What do you want Cronus," he said flatly. "You've already spoilt my morning, plan to spoil my day further? Or are you after preferential treatment for tonight's auction, I know that batch is yours you know."

"Come on old friend, there is no need to be upset." Cronus said chuckling. "I won't deny I am looking forward to tonight's auction, but Malik is dealing with that and I won't interfere at all."

Nicole looked up at Cronus, she had lost track of time but today was the third day of her capture, the day her fellow crew mates were to be sold off.

"I'm not here to spoil your day either, in fact how about I make it up to you? Take my slave here, she needs to learn the meaning of a hard day's work and I could think of no one better."

Faustus looked at Cronus, then down at Nicole.

"You want your slave to come work for me?" he said confused. "What's in it for you, what do you want?"

"Nothing, honestly." Cronus said. "The slut can suck cock and open up her fuck holes well, but ask her to scrub the floor and she has no clue what to do! Figured she could learn the less fun parts of being a slave here best."

Faustus looked down at Nicole who was looking intently at the floor now, somehow she felt that if she looked at Faustus we would realise there were other objectives at play.

There was an awkward silence as Faustus contemplated the request. 

"Fine, but I want blow jobs at the start and end of every shift." Faustus demanded.

Cronus shrugged. "Fine, but be warned she's linked to my cum by the nanobots so she won't be as enthusiastic over your cum as mine. I suspect your cum will taste like shit to her!"

"I don't care how much she likes it, as long as she puts as much effort is as just then." Faustus growled at Nicole. "Plus I want open access to fuck her when I like."

Cronus sighed deeply. "Don't push it Faustus, don't push it. I'll let you fuck her face at the start of the day, and her arse at the end of each day, she hates arse fucking's anyway. That's all that's on offer, her pussy stays mine."

Nicole looked up at Cronus pleadingly, she knew what arse fucking meant - pain. Cronus looked down at her and grinned. 

"Added incentive to learn faster slut," he said winking at Nicole. 

She knew it was actually incentive to find out information on the Sisterhood.

Faustus sighed but nodded. "Very well Cronus, you have a deal." 

After the two shook hands Faustus reached down and grabbed Nicole's chain, pulling her over and between his legs. Cronus chuckled before standing up and bidding farewell to Faustus.

"You belong to me during the day now slut, I suggest you try your hardest to please me." he said opening up is legs to revealing his cock. 

Nicole looked down and fought back the urge to laugh, compared to Cronus this thig was tiny. It would be considered below average for a human cock, perhaps 4 inches long and incredibly thin even though it was fully erect. With a tug at the chain though she lowered her head down and nervously took the head into her mouth, again using one hand to grip the base of the ridged member Cronus's words were ringing in her ears, about the nanobots and the taste that she would encounter as the taste first hit her. 

Nicole almost gagged when the taste registered in her mouth, Cronus's warning was true enough. The taste of Faustus's pre-cum was absolutely vial, it was as if someone was trying to feed her rancid, rotting food. The only thankful thing about the whole situation was that Faustus cock was so small she could take it all easily into her mouth. If she had to deep throat something this foul tasting she was sure she would throw up all over it.

"No complaining slut, you suck it good like your Masters cock no matter what the taste. I don't give a shit if you gag on it."

'Gag on it?' Nicole thought. 'I could barely pick my teeth with it!'

Nicole expertly pleasured Faustus, the man sitting back moaning in pleasure as Nicole tried to get this over with as quickly as possible. She had to be careful with his balls as she played with them, they were far small and somehow felt more fragile than Cronus's pair. When he did cum Nicole sucked up the tiny spurts of cum that dribbled from the end of his now shrivelling member as quickly as possible. Sitting back on her knee's Faustus looked down at her smiling.

"I really hope you are a slow learner slut, I could get used to this every day," he chuckled. "No one told you to stop either."

Nicole sighed as she leant forward and took his soft cock into her mouth once more, Faustus clicking his fingers at the two remaining maids.

"Get me Madam Selene now," he shot. The girl curtsied and immediately disappeared off.

"No rush!" he called out laughing.

*****************************************

"This is fucking ridiculous! I'm not some saviour of an alien race." Tessa screamed at Sensi for what seemed like the 10th time.

The three survivors for the pod were still in the tent, arguing about what they had just been told. Ananke was sat off to one side listening intently.

"Look, I heard what it said but it's just a coincidence. Just because I have some stupid nick name doesn't mean this, this - prophecy, is about me. There may have been, or will be any number of other people given that name."

"That fall from the eternal darkness in a firestone?" Sensi said sarcastically. "Yeah, must happen all the time!"

"Yesterday you didn't even know my name," she said disbelievingly. "Now you're on board that I'm going to save these people! I wonder what you'll believe tomorrow."

Tessa was getting more and more agitated at the situation, she didn't want this attention, didn't want this mantle and sure as hell wasn't going to accept that any of this was possible without a fight.

"Ok, let's just calm down." Melissa said in a calm tone. "Forget the prophecy for the time being, lets figure out practically what we are going to do."

Both Sensi and Tessa shot her a dirty look when she mentioned the prophecy but she clearly wasn't the only one sick of the conversation.

"Your companion is correct, we must think to what we can do now. The prophecy can wait, for now." Ananke said standing up.

"Ok," Tessa looked round still angry but nodded. "Let's park it for now."

Sensi opened her mouth to speak but Melissa placed a hand on hers. As Sensi looked down Melissa shook her head softly, urging her not to push it any further. 

"Ok." She said finally sighing loudly. "What is the situation on the Ark?"

Tessa looked round and shrugged her shoulders. "I'll need to check in with Mother but need my things for that. I assume you bought them back after drugging me last night?"

Sensi rolled her eyes and was about to go off on one again when Tessa held up her hands.

"Sorry, un-called for I know. If I can get my stuff I'll find out from mother where we are. Power was being restored to some systems, if things are on track life support and other critical systems should be operational in a few hours."

The group left the tent and headed back towards the mountain pass, people were muttering and pointing at Tessa as they walked through the camp. Clearly the secret was out, or at least rumours were.

The group of survivors spent the next hour communicating with Mother, the repairs were still on track but there was an issue getting the drop ships functional.

"Sorry, say that again mother you need what?" Tessa said

"Each drop ship engine needs a focal point for the main gravity breaking drive, a crystal with a refractive index of certain quantities. On earth we manufacture these spheres but they are extremely fragile, hence why they are suspended in anti-gravity fields. I'm afraid with the power failure over nearly every ship both the gravity drives are off line, and there were no spares envisaged. The drop ships currently are only good for one way trips otherwise."

"Well that was fucking stupid, why install them in the first place Mother?" Sensi shot before Tessa could open her mouth.

"I only drive the bus, I didn't build it." Mother retorted.

"So you need something to focus the beam to make the gravity drives work. Any chance we have something down here suitable?"

"Unlikely Commander, the only natural occurrences of suitable crystals on earth are rare gem stones, and there was only one ruby ever found of suitable size and purity. Any stone would be highly unlikely to exist on the moon, it would be 150 mm round at least."

Tessa looked at Melissa, they had both thought the same thing.

"The word of hope!" they chimed in unison. "Mother, we may just have something for you that fits the bill, how do we test it to make sure its correct?"

"There's a pretty simple test commander, your laser sight on your riffle should be set to an wavelength intensity setting of 62 and should be deflected by between 14 and 16 degrees. "

Sensi snorted, making both woman look round at her.

"Something to add?" Tessa said.

"These people are not going to just let you take their most prized relic to be part of some engine. I doubt they will even let you near it again if they know what you want to use it for."

At that point the door opened and Ananke walked in, along with Aion on three other guards. 

"Indeed Sensi, talk of stealing the word is amount to treason in this Sisterhood. I will hear nothing more of it or else you will have to be punished in accordance with the law." Ananke said pointing at Tessa's weapon. 

"Confiscate that, if there is ever a time to use it then you shall have access to it Commander O'Conner, otherwise it will be kept with the rest of the high tech weapons in the vault."

Tessa flinched but immediately three of the guards pointed their own weapons at the commander as Aion walked over and held out his hand. Looking up at him he ever so slightly shook his head, they both knew what she was thinking.

"Not here, not now," he whispered. "Trust us."

Sighing she thrust the weapon into his hand and standing up walked away from the door of the room were Ananke and the other guards were standing. The three took the weapon of Aion and left.

"What news of possible re-enforcements?" Ananke asked.

Tessa snorted, she realised now Ananke was using them just to make up numbers - more foot soldiers for the war on the Rutan's. 

"We should be able to send people down now shouldn't we commander - Mother said with power restored..." Sensi started, but seeing Tessa' glare stopped abruptly.
