 Cronus seemed to have bought into Nicole's plan, for now. After being released from the whipping bench Nicole sighed as her arms were freed from the back of her neck. Stretching each arm she looked over at Cronus who was watching her intently.

"Just remember slut, if I feel you are not upholding your end of this agreement you'll not like what happens. Obey and report, that is your function now if you wish to have fair treatment from me."

"Yes," Nicole said, before quickly adding. "Master."

"Good. Now I'll get you into the slave halls tomorrow, you won't like the work I warn you but it is probably the best place to start your search. For now though it's time to head home, I'm going to have a bit of fun with you both."

Nicole gulped, even with the deal they had she was sure that Cronus's idea of fun wasn't the same as hers. He clipped a short chain to the front of her collar, and another to the back. before long Nicole was being tugged along behind Cronus, Jessica following after blindly. Jessica stumbled over a step and nearly pulled Nicole over, causing her to yelp as there was a sharp tug on her neck.

"Cronus, could you not take the hood off Jessica whilst we walk. She can't see where she is going!"

Cronus stopped and turned to Nicole, glaring. "Look slut, just because we have this deal does not mean you get to just absently blab your thoughts out when you like. You are still just a slut, maybe a lesson is in order to emphasise your position."

Reaching into his bag he pulled out a small metal disk and pressed it to Nicole's head, immediately she felt her entire head encased in the cold metal and assumed that, like Jessica, her head look as if it had been dipped in steel. The device shut out all light, and all sound. She could feel the device reach into her mouth and form some form of gum shield, the front seemed to seal over muting her.

She tried to plead with Cronus as she felt her arms pulled high up behind her back once more, but she knew it to be useless. 

'Great Nicole, you and your big mouth!' she thought. 

Still it was a simple message, do what you are told or else. With a sharp tug to the chain she tottered forward, totally at the mercy of Cronus.

It took some time for them to get to Cronus's house, given both Jessica and Nicole were blind and deaf the pace was considerably slower. Eventually though she felt the chain unclipped from her collar as she was pushed to her knees. The back of her collar was clipped to something on a wall as after that Nicole felt nothing, heard nothing.

Sitting there blind, mute and deaf she started to panic, the bondage hadn't bothered her so much but Nicole had always had a fear of tight enclosed spaces. This was pretty much hell, she'd rather be back in the stocks being punished, the physically pain was nothing compared to the mental pain the hood was causing her. Thrashing at her bonds she had no idea if Cronus was there or not, she tried to cry out but with her mouth sealed shut she barely managed a mew. The connection to the wall however allowed her little movement, and after a few minutes of fruitless fighting she sat back again the wall and completely broke down in tears. 

Cronus watched on from the far side of the room fascinated as he drank a beer. He knew full well Nicole was trying to play him, she was trying to contact the sisterhood to feed information back or something similar, of that he had no doubt. He was surprised though by her reaction to the hood, after all she had just been painfully arse fucked and beaten for hours by his brothers and that combined with the desperate need the nanobots would be making her feel for his cum should have been more than enough to ensure her obedience. 

It hadn't though, and he watched chuckling to himself as she thrashed at her bonds in her new predicament more ferociously than at any point since her capture. 

"Everybody can be broken," he mused to himself. "Cronus you old man, remember the simple ways are sometimes the best."

He stood up and went off to have a shower, leaving the desperate Nicole to her own private hell. Jessica on the other hand was obediently sitting upright, barely moving. Checking the status of her training on his arm controller he nodded in approval, the omega training was taking hold much faster than he had hoped. Malik was right, these two woman could be the key to ending the rebellion.

*********************

Tessa had been carefully tracking up the river side for over an hour now, the sun had set fast making traversing the river bed that much harder. It had been very slow going, there was a probe constantly going up and down the river scanning the jungle either side and half the time Tessa had to find cover and just wait out the probe's scans. One time she must have spent at least 30 minutes just waiting as the thing took an obscene amount of time to scan the section of river she was on.

She had developed a system where she waited for the probe to head past her then almost follow the thing for a while until it turned back. She would then find somewhere to hide and wait for the next cycle. The green sphere had just gone past for what must have been the tenth time when Tessa felt it was safe to move, but as she emerged from her hiding place something had changed. 

The sphere was nowhere to be seen. Taking her time she carefully scanned up and down the part of the river she could see, looking for any signs of the bright green light but there was no sign of anything in the darkness.

"Hmm," she muttered under hear breath. "Where did you go?"

She emerged further from her hiding space and had taken no more than ten steps when a bright red light lit up in front of her. The probe was directly facing her and after a beam passed her up and down it emitted a number of beeps and it shot off back down the river in the direction of the camp.

"Shit!" Tessa said raising her weapon and taking careful aim. 

The pulse riffle round smashed into the probe ripping it to pieces, scattering what was left over the river. Tessa paused, it was incredible just how loud that had been, having spent the night trying to be as quiet as possible her ears had adapted to the silence and the riffle going off sounded like a canon.

The section of river she had been on was pretty open, in fact it was so open that almost immediately she could see two red dots emerge at the far end of the river heading her way. Behind them two suited figures burst onto the river bank, their helmet lights lighting up the river bed.

Without another word, and forgetting the need for stealth she took off up the river away from her pursuers.

******************

Sensi's lungs had never hurt so much in her entire life, not even during some of the more ridiculous runs she had taken part in. She remembered one run around the edge of Biodome 1, it was by far the largest biodome and even on her 3rd and final lap of the 20km circuit her body felt nowhere near as bad as it did right at that point.

Aion was a machine, he maintained a near perfect pace and even the pitfalls of the forest floor didn't hamper him at all, even in near darkness. Carissa was clearly used to it as well, even if she too appeared to struggle with the relentless pace. They had been going for an age, only stopping for a few short moments to take on water. Aion had stopped up ahead and Carissa and Sensi staggered to a halt as they finally caught up with him. He was busy checking his arm pad for their position when the silence of the forest was shattered by a huge bang in the distance.

Carissa looked at Aion nervously. "Hunter weapon fire?" she whispered, her breathing was still shallow.

Aion shook his head confused. "Not that I know of, it sounded like nothing I have heard before."

"That," Said Sensi gasping heavily. "Was a pulse riffle round. Sounds a good distance away though still."

Aion and Carissa looked at each other nervously, but Sensi had already taken a swig of drink and was looking down the river.

"Come on, my people are in trouble. We have to keep going." 

Aion nodded and set off again, Sensi groaning as her body protested. About ten minutes later the firing started again, this time it was much closer and Sensi could make put not just the sound of the pulse riffle, but also of the hunters weapons. As they got closer and closer the gunfire grew louder and louder until suddenly it stopped, the final round echoing along the river bed as if funnelled by the jungle canopy. 

It took them a while to find the source of the fight, but soon Carissa and Sensi were cautiously searching a small section of river bank, whilst Aion kept guard. Carissa was the first to find something, a few scattered remains of a search probe that seemed to be blown to pieces. Sensi however made the more telling discovery, the shredded remains of a stasis suit lay on the river back, along with what appeared to be a splattering of fresh blood.

"No," she whispered shaking her head. "We are too late, they must have got whoever it was." 

Aion however was looking down at his scanner, pointing it down the river. There was a scream from far down the river, it was definitely a woman's scream and by the sounds of it she was in pain. After a few moments the noise disappeared but it was enough of a clue.

"They can't get off this moon for at least 14 sub cycles, the portal won't align until then. I suspect they have a small camp down that way." Aion said.

Sensi picked up her riffle and nodded. With Aion leading the way the three people headed cautiously downstream.

************************

Tessa knew she was in trouble from the moment that third hunter had flanked her and emerged on the opposite side of the river bed. Whatever the weapon had been that hit her it was damn effective, within moments she was totally bound and helpless. Her hands were pulled painfully behind her back and her legs doubled up so her feet touched her bum, not to mention her mouth had been fused together to stop her calling out.

As he picked her up with one had her stasis suit seemed to disintegrate from her body leaving her naked, and the other two arrived and collected her kit. Before long she was back in the clearing, captive to the three strange men. There was a roaring fire and, with little regard for her comfort, she was dumped on one of the storage box's as the men seemed to discuss something. Tessa couldn't understand a word but after some pushing and shoving the one that had manged to flank her walked over to her and said something. He held up one finger smiling and Tessa had the horrible feeling she knew what was coming.

He was going to be first.

As the hunter stood in front of her and took of his armour Tessa looked up at him in fear. His trousers dropped revealing his huge manhood, and pressing some buttons on his arm pad Tessa felt her mouth being forced open. He pressed a few more buttons and groaned as he stuffed his cock into her helpless mouth, forcing inch upon inch into her mouth and throat.

Tessa gagged and coughed, unable to breath as the man face fucked her, his cock growing larger and larger with every thrust. Tessa began to feel light headed, she had been unable to take a breath for what seems like an age, her lungs burnt until finally the man gave one huge thrust and buried his cock deep inside her throat. She felt spurt upon spurt shoot deep into her throat, it was as if he was cumming directly into her stomach.

Pulling out, the hunter's cock dripped with spit and cum and Tessa coughed and gasped for breath to relieve the burning in her lungs. Cum dribbled out her mouth and down her chin as the hunter said something to her and walked behind her.

She squealed as a large finger roughly penetrated her dry pussy, but one of the other hunters had appeared in front of her and had also dropped his trousers. As the second cock was shoved into her mouth Tessa scrunched up her eyes in pain. The first hunter pushed his cock deep into her sex, thankfully the saliva and cum from the face fucking lubricated his cock somewhat but even then the sheer size of the thing was almost too much to bear. What worried her was that his cock haven't gone soft at all after he came in her mouth, she wondered just what these 'people' were capable of.

From across the clearing Carissa, Aion and Sensi watched in horror as Tessa was raped again and again by the three hunters. More probes spent the entire time circling the outside of the camp, as if in a holding pattern and Aion looked around for a way into the camp.

"We have to save her!" Sensi whispered. 

She couldn't believe what these monsters were doing to her, no sooner had one stopped than another took their place, it was relentless. "They don't seem to be letting up, don't they need to take a break at least?"

"I suspect they've doubled up on nano's - that will pretty much keep them ready to fuck for most the night." Aion said looking around the camp.

"I can't see a way in, not unless you want us captured as well," Carissa said. "Aion, any ideas? Can we take then out from here?"

"Not with the bots, they're guard-bots armed with tranquilisers I'd guess. If they sense hostility we'll be out cold in seconds."

"There has to be something we can do, they're killing her!" Sensi pleaded.

Aion looked at Carissa. "I have one idea, but you won't like it." 

As Aion turned his attentions to Sensi, Carissa seemed to understand what he was saying and started shaking her head.

"No way Aion, No way!" Carissa said. Sensi looked at them both confused, wondering just what Aion had in mind.

Ten minutes later Aion walked out into the open, the probes immediately detecting him and lighting up the clearing. Two of the hunters quickly pulled up their trousers and grabbed their guns and Aion slowly wandered over into the camp. As he got near to the fire the two hunters held up their guns at him.

"That's close enough, identify yourself." One said.

Dumping the bound body on the floor he quickly removed his helmet.

"Brother Aion, deep ranger surveying the northern mountains. I saw the fire and came to investigate on my way back to the portal."

The second hunter moved forward and pointed at the bound woman. Her hands had been bound in rope, around the neck at the front and her back her legs doubled over rendering them useless. There was a rope around her waist and tits that acted as a sort of harness. Some rag had been stuffed in her mouth and she was completely naked.

"What is that?" he said inquisitively.

"That?" Aion said causally. "I caught it running north from here a cycle ago. Dumb animal, but one hell of a fuck. I see you have your own though."

Aion stepped forward but the first hunter still had his gun raised. He quickly looked over at the third who was only just finishing with Tessa, shoving his cock deep into her pussy he moaned as his cum shot deep inside her.

"We've been looking for that other one you know, coincidence you turn up just after capturing the first. Brother Aion, was it?" he said pulling up his trousers and walking over. 

Pressing a few buttons on his control pad, the guard-bots seemed to form a tighter circle around Aion, all of them aiming their weapons on him.

"Strange, it's not a name I'm familiar with. I thought Brother Nuno was the northern most ranger. Besides, why not just radio for transport?"

Sensi glanced up at Aion nervously from the floor, this didn't sound like it was going to plan and she didn't fancy being bound like this if the three hunters decided to do something to Aion. Looking over she caught Tessa's eye, tears streamed down her cheeks and cum dripped from her chin to the floor. She tried to indicate something to her but Tessa just seemed to stare into space.

"Nuno?" Aion said chuckling. "Brother, you are mistaken. He was a southern ranger, and a dead one at that. He died from a heart attack in the last hot season, he was stung on the cock by the Queen Maricopa of all places. As for my radio, you know the crap we have out here, it broke weeks ago."

The man looked him up and down for a few moment, but then his control pad beeped again diverting his attention. He looked down at it and then burst into laughter as he looked up, Aion's hand had carefully and slowly drifted down behind his back and onto the handle of his blade just in case.

"He always had a problem keeping that thing in his pants!" the man roared. "I am brother Marcus, this is Sirius and Johan. Come brother, let us eat, drink and fuck bitches. You will ride back to the portal with us when the sun rises."

The other two hunters relaxed as did the probes that reverted to forming a tight circle around the camp. The hunters lowered their weapons as Aion picked up Sensi and carried her over to one of the crates next to Tessa. Wandering over to the fire Aion picked up a beer and ripped off the lid, but when he turned back Brother Marcus was stood behind Sensi, looking down at her with lust in his eyes.

"What are you doing brother?" Aion asked as casually as he could. 

Looking around Sirius had wandered off towards the jungle with his gun slung over his shoulder, presumably for a piss, whilst Brother Johan had sat down next to him with his gun draped across his lap.

Marcus reached down over Sensi and grabbed a hand full of her arse. Squeezing it hard he groaned. "That is fuckable, you tried her arse yet?"

Aion looked at him and shook his head, his expression was clearly un-impressed.

"Come on brother, I give you beer, shelter and transport back to the portal. Surely that's worth at least one go." he said. "or does the Sisterhood not like that sort of thing?"

"Sisterhood?" Aion said confused. "What are you talking about Brother." 

Johan was up on his feet again a few feet away. Aion looked at him then back at Marcus.

"What happened to Beer, fucking bitches and a ride back to the portal."

"Well I'm going to fuck this bitch, you've already had a beer and frankly Cronus won't mind if you are damaged goods when we get back to Rutan," Marcus said. "If he so much as moves an inch, take him down Johan."

Johan raised his weapon and pointed it directly at Aion, as once again the probes circled back in on him. He looked down at Sensi who was screaming through the gag at him, pleading with him. Marcus rolled her over, grabbing her attention as well as both tits as he roughly twisted them. After a few moments of groping he let go and fumbled at his trousers, dropping them to the floor.

Sensi looked down at his cock in absolute fear and disgust, It was huge, at thick as her wrist and over a foot long. She had never been with a man before, let a lot with some monster that would not care what he did to her, and how much he hurt her. Grabbing both knee's Marcus pushed them up, bending Sensi in two so her arse hole was helplessly exposed. With a single stroke of his cock he grinned wickedly at her and smiled.

"Get ready slut, this is really going to hurt!"

Sensi closed her eyes as she felt the tip of the cock at her arse, and as he pushed she started to scream as her muscles started to part to accept the inevitable. 

"Arrrrggg!" Marcus roared. 

Sensi opened her eyes to see Marcus looking blankly down at her, before blood flooded out of his mouth. He gurgled and tried to reach round to his back, but moments later he fell backwards onto the floor. Behind him stood Carissa, a large spear in her hand, the tip bloody from where she had impaled the hunters neck from behind.

"What the fuck!" Johan screamed swinging his weapon round to face Carissa. 

Aion though was quick to react, and in one fluid movement he had grabbed his knife and buried it into the side of Johan's skull. Grabbing his arms he just about managed to press the probe's de-activate button as they shot the first round of tranquiliser darts at him. Fortunately he was still holding Johan's body and the darts all buried themselves in the young hunter before Aion let go of the body. The man dropped dead to the floor in an instant.
