 This story is actually an improved version of a story that I submitted on this site years ago, with a different title, under a different author name.

I would like to thank summermax for her editing. 

*

There's no other way to put this, I've always played women with ease. Since puberty, I've lied my way in to getting laid. Hello, bang bang, goodbye. Much easier than dealing with the nagging, and other relationship crap. In both high school, and college, I would sometimes have one-nighters with the " bad girls, " while other times I would charm the more academically savvy girls to get both sex and homework done. They say women don't rely on visual stimulation but I'm a pretty muscular guy (mildly oversized but mostly cut), and that, along with my tan Sicilian skin, definitely added to my game! However, playing women is definitely a mental game, one that I had mastered. At least, I thought I had. 

Unfortunately, as I tell this story, I'm standing here, naked, in the middle of a sorority house for all the girls to see. It wasn't a typical college prank that got me here either. I can't believe they got the better of me, but then again, I've never believed in the supernatural. With that being said here's my story:

I had been hanging out with this girl Julie, who I met in archeology class, for a few months. She was well aware of my life-style, but she seemed a little naïve, as if she thought she could change me by hanging out with me all the time, but holding out on giving up the sex. She must have thought that making me wait would "make it special" or something like that. In the meantime, I never had to write a single essay in our class thanks to her.

We had just returned from the gym and were hanging out in her campus apartment. Things were just starting to get a little frisky when she stood up abruptly. It was cute watching her tiny frame give me an attitude. She wasn't hot in a "Hollywood" sort of way, but her natural beauty was consistent whether she was dolled-up or standing there still in her workout clothes.

"Rick, I'm not asking you to stop living the way you want to live. But you need to understand I've never been with a guy and I'm not willing to become a notch on your bedpost." She was a tiny (barely over 5 feet), shy, soft spoken, studious kind of girl, definitely not the "hook-up" type. 

"I know, Julie. If I wasn't willing to accept that, I would have been gone months ago ." I said. "The way you are is very commendable. I'm tired of random hook-ups, and I respect that you hold men to a higher standard than that."

She rolled her brown eyes, "You should be holding yourself to higher standards, Rick. Listen to me: I am not one of 'your girls'." Her fingers made quotes in the air.

"I am holding myself to higher standards. That's why I'm here with you. The thing about 'my girls,'" I imitated her gesture. "They come and go with no real connection. I don't want you to be one of them either."

She sat back down and I leaned over and kissed her. She put her arms around me and started kissing me back. I ran my hands up and down her sides and eventually under her gray sports bra. She tensed at first, but quickly relaxed when I began to fondle her small breasts. As I began to kiss along her neck, she guided my hand down and allowed it to travel inside her pants. No sooner had I felt the wetness between her legs, before she stood up, took hold of both of my hands, and led me into her bedroom. I stepped back and took off my shirt, exposing my large muscular torso. She unwound her pony tail, letting her long, dark brown hair fall to the middle of her back. Nervously, she stood still and allowed me to remove her sports bra, followed by her form fitting yoga pants and underwear. Her body had a natural slenderness to it. Though small breasted, she had gained some lean muscle since I got her into working out (I always made sure my women looked their best for me.) Once my pants were down, all eight inches of my manhood was erect. I always love watching innocent girls reluctantly reach for, and then start stroking my impressive girth. It' s almost as if they need a second to permit themselves to enjoy it. Finally, we were on the bed. I never got too fancy with the innocent girls from my past. I sweet talk them out of their clothes, and we end up in the missionary position, with me thrusting back and forth. There's nothing like hearing a girl with a quiet, shy exterior, moan in pleasure mixed with a touch of pain. Though I'm a rather large guy, she was tighter than I was used to, after all, prior to that night, she was a 19-year old virgin!

The next morning, I dressed as fast as I could before she woke up. You could say I have a gift, I can talk any woman I want into bed, and I'm usually really good about sweet talking them in the after-math of it too, but this was definitely a situation where I needed to hit the road quick! I wasn't yet, in the mood for the talk about not wanting to become her boyfriend. 

As I was leaving the building, I chuckled as I thought, "Looks like you are one of 'my girls' , Julie."

My phone sounded a new text. It wasn't Julie's ring tone so I knew it was safe. The brief message was from one of my professors wanting to meet with me, so headed across campus. 

I walked through the door of my archeology 101 classroom, where Dr. Sandra Stone was waiting for me. This woman was like someone out of a movie. As well as having several degrees, and teaching a variety of classes including: kinesiology, bio-chemistry, and archeology, she had been on many artifact exhibitions and tomb raids around the world. She had a clear spoken, confident, assertive manner, but she also showed an upbeat sense of humor. During her lectures, she enthusiastically told stories about her trips, her most recent one being to Greece to scuba dive and dig up mythological artifacts. Her classroom looked more like a museum than a lecture hall. Unusual relics rested in display cases throughout the room, a testament to all her travels and adventures. 

She was facing the board, writing some notes on it for her next class, Life Sculpting, a class she taught for art majors. From the back, she could easily be mistaken as a student, with her tall, skinny, fit looking figure under the business suits she always wore. During the last class, I was distracted just by her poise, as she walked back and forth while pointing and explaining the slide show from her exhibition in Greece (not to mention the slides of her in a wetsuit! God damn!). Most of the time she had her light brunette hair with dirty blonde streaks up in a bun. Today she had it down, hanging just past her shoulders. I'd love to add her to the list of 'one nighters' I had here at college.

When she turned back around her face revealed her forty-something years, but she was still absolutely bangin'! She smirked when she caught me checking her out. "Have a seat." she said pleasantly.

"Well, Rick, I read your paper" her brown framed, bespectacled blue eyes were lit up.

"You liked it?" I asked. Julie had written the essay for me.

"Yes. It always intrigues me when a young man like yourself, who takes this class as an elective, shows such an intricate attentiveness to the Greek God Apollo."

"Thanks." I was starting to feel nervous.

"Apollo, the God of male beauty, I guess you already have all the first-hand knowledge you need, right?" She appeared to be sizing me up. 

I didn't say anything. Typically, lying to women came easy to me, but this woman with an I.Q. of about a ga-zillion was too intelligent to buy it. 

"Rick, " Her voice raised an octave and her eyes burned a hole through me.

"PLAGIARISM IS AN OFFENSE PUNISHABLE BY EXPULSION!" She snapped as she stood up and leaned across the desk. "I read that report in a magazine article last month!" 

That answered my question as to whether she bought it, but it still hit me like a wrecking ball. I didn't understand why Julie would do that. I turned in the paper a week ago, and we only hooked up last night, so this wasn't about revenge. It' s not like she would've bothered sleeping with me if she had known I was going to split on her. No matter, I couldn't use Julie as an excuse with the Doctor. 

"But I can't get expelled!" I pleaded. "Can't I just write a new paper? I'll give anything to avoid facing the humiliation of getting kicked out of college. What would people think?"

Ignoring me, she turned back to the board and finished writing the assignment for the next class .

I stood there for a few seconds that felt like hours.

Finally, she sighed. "Ok. I'll tell you what. Let me talk to one of my sculpting students, Tessa. She took this archeology class last semester and aced it. She'll tutor you to get you caught up. If your new paper is less than perfect..." She took off her glasses and said with a mocking smile, "You're gone."

The next morning I was drinking a protein shake, still confused, and trying figure out what happened. A text from Julie sounded on my phone. 

"Soooo YOU thought you were playing ME? ;-P"

"Wtf is going on?" I texted back.

"Meet me at the gym we'll talk"

I went to the campus gym. After waiting a bit and sending her a couple of unreturned texts, it didn't look like she was going to show, so I decided to change and squeeze in a workout. I was sitting in the Pec Flye machine when this blonde hottie zipped in front of me. I damn near lost my grip on the handles.

She was about 5'5" with long, slightly wavy blonde hair, blue eyes, a lip and nose ring, and a body that showed she was a regular in the gym. She had a gym bag over one shoulder and was wearing faded jeans with a cropped shirt that revealed a quarter sleeve tattoo on her left arm. I could see the bottom part of a tattoo going up her right side, and nice tight abs below the hem of the shirt .

"Hey Rick." I recognized Tessa instantly. I had nailed most of the girls in her sorority. She was the "wild girl" type, always dancing on tables, letting out drunken screams, and cheering at parties. "Looks like I'm your tutor." She started to laugh. I knew right away she had some crazy idea.

She explained that if she was going to help me, I was going to have to help her with her sculpting class...as a nude figure model. I jumped at the chance to get naked in front of this hot blonde! I figured a little sex could come with the tutoring. 

As we arrived at the sorority house, I recognized a lot of the girls that were hanging around out front, as well as in the hallway, when we walked in (I had banged most of them). Normally, they either avoided me or gave me dirty looks. It was weird that they were smiling, snickering, and whispering as I walked by, almost as if they were anticipating my arrival. The last door at the end of the wide hallway opened into Tessa's personal living room. Along with the fact that Tessa looked nothing like a typical sorority girl, it was different that she was living in her own, large, in-law apartment. 

"Wait here." She smiled, then went into her kitchen. When she came back she had a glass of wine. "A little something to take the edge off." She explained.

I laughed because I was already calm. 

"I've worked hard on this. It might as well be seen." I said, motioning to my body. I had been working on it for years, and had actually gained both size, and tone, in the past year.

"Mm hmm," Her smile had become a mischievous grin. "You might see something else you've worked hard for later." She put her hand on my shoulder, brought her face up close, and held the glass between our mouths. "Try the wine anyway. " she said with pleading eyes. "I made it myself." She handed the glass to me and I tried a sip. It was fruity tasting but I couldn't identify the flavor. I'm mostly a beer guy.

Tessa walked across the room and turned to face me. "Time for you to get naked." She stood with her hands on her hips, making it clear that she was going to stand there and watch me. Her eyes were wide with excitement.

"You're gonna' sculpt in your living room?" I asked.

"My way of sculpting doesn't make much of a mess. Now lose the clothes."

I stripped while she stared in admiration. Between pieces of clothing, I took big swigs from the wine. It really was good and by the time I took my last sip I was completely naked.

"So you like the wine?"

"Y-yeah." I said. I was feeling buzzed but it didn't feel like alcohol. "What is this? What's happening to me?" I was caught off guard by the intense, abnormal arousal that swept through me. It didn't take long for me to realize, I had just been drugged. 

Tessa approached me slowly giving me a wanton look. "Relax. It's the wine of Aphrodite. You see, all I have to do is this,..." With a soft touch, her finger stroked down a vein in my bicep. "...And,..." She looked down at my penis then back up at me. "We already have signs of life." 

It was true, just a simple touch from her and I was rock-hard. She walked behind me, reached her hands around and began to play with my nipples. 

"So Rick, with a body like yours, I'm surprised you've never modeled before." She then glided her hands down and around my sides and hips and gave my ass cheeks a squeeze before stepping back in front of me. Her fingers ran down the ripples of muscle between my Pecs as she leaned forward and kissed me. I had never felt anything like this before, so despite the situation being a bit strange, I just had to stand there and let this continue. My penis was now so hard it was almost painful!

As I stood there, horny and dazed, Tessa took my glass in one hand and gently pried my fingers off with her other hand. I tried reach around and put my hand on the small of her bare back but she stopped me and softly said, "Uh uh. That comes after." She took hold of my cock and gave it single stroke down the shaft before she walked back across the room. It sent a wave of sexual sensation throughout my entire body that was electrical. She bent over in a teasing manner to place the wine glass on the table. Just watching her heart shaped ass was sending me off into my own world. She scooped up all my clothes calling over her shoulder, "Be right back." and disappearing into her bedroom.

I heard the sound of squeaky casters, followed by the sight of Tessa pushing a large mirror into the living room. She placed it so I could see myself, then unzipped her gym bag and pulled out a dull metal shield. I thought maybe it was a prop of some kind.

"Now," She said continued softly. "Dr. Stone brought this supposedly magical shield back from Greece." The seductiveness in her voice was now gone. "Although she had a few different candidates for test subjects, well let's just say, that essay was Julie and I pulling a few strings to make you the front runner." She walked back to stand beside the mirror. 

"Julie wasn't really a virgin by the way. I think you were only guy number two or three for her so she was still able to play the part well. To my understanding, she actually gave it up to you to make her part of the plan work. She's such an amateur. Based on the principal though, you ARE lower than dirt!" Tessa held the shield in the mirror, and I could see the face of Medusa engraved on it. "According to the scripture that came with it, the reflection does nothing to you. Also," She held it in front of her face. "Because I'm a chick, I can look right at it and still...nothing. With this shield, I'm going to turn you to stone. You will be suspended in the feelings of arousal which you are feeling right now without the relief of an orgasm. Poetic justice for the way you've treated so many of my sorority sisters, and God knows how many other women." She then said with a giggle, "As far as sex with me goes, well, you're definitely fucked!"

Needless to say, I didn't take her words seriously, but it was clear to me that this situation was only going to get weirder. I decided it was time to leave. 

"That's enough." I said, still out of breath from the arousal. "Give me my clothes. I'm out of here. " She was blocking the doorway to her bedroom where my clothes were. "Get the hell out of my way or I'll punch you like a man!" I started to make my way towards her slowly, thinking she would back down and step aside.

"Stop right there." She warned me with pretentious concern.

As I kept walking towards her, she tilted her head slightly and said, "Mmm...Okay, that pose will do." She stood with one hand on her hip and held up the shield as if she were a proud warrior. The eyes on the shield began to glow red.

I instantly froze mid-walk. My body felt like I had dry skin to the thousandth power, as if I was covered in paint and it was starting to harden. I noticed in the mirror my skin was turning gray. I looked down at my hands and saw that my fingers were hardening like rocks. There was a crisp, cracking sound. The rest of my body was stiffening up; I had to do something quick! I gave it my all to try to move and all my muscles flexed out as far as they would go. I growled like I was bench pressing. With all that effort, I was only able to lunge forward another step, and saw tiny cracks appear all over my skin. The cracks quickly smoothed out and the grayish color lightened. Now I couldn't move at all. At first it felt like I was encased in a stone shell but as the color got lighter and the cracking began to sound muffled, it felt like it was sinking deeper into my body until the cracking finally gave away to a creaking, sealing sound and stopped. My eyes had become little white orbs, I have no idea how I could still see, but in the reflection of the mirror, I saw every detail captured in stone, just as Tessa had said. I had become a white stone statue! The shield's eyes stopped glowing and Tessa lowered it. With her face still cheeky, her jaw dropped and her hand covered her mouth. 

She exhaled a "Holy shit."

I noticed her sending a text and minutes later, there was then a knock on the door.

"All set!" Yelled Tessa.

The door opened and Dr. Sandra Stone walked in. Tessa put the shield back in the bag and handed it to her. She accepted it without taking her eyes off me.

"Cool!" She commented with an approving nod. After briefly disappearing with the bag, Dr. Stone came back, took out a digital recorder, which appeared to have been initially hidden in the room, and set it up on a tripod. After booting up her laptop, she threw a white lab coat on over the black business suit she was wearing, put on her brown framed glasses, and pulled out a small notebook. Standing a distance away she looked me over then began jotting down notes in the notebook. She walked around me, stopping at my left, behind me, at my right, then back in front of me with her pen scribbling on the pad and snapping pictures with another camera at each stop. Her eyes squinted with a look of serious contemplation. She slowly stepped up close to me and knocked her knuckles against my chest. Although I was now a statue I could still feel it.

"The scripture said the curse would not kill the mind, yet his body solidified all the way through, interesting." She said for the camera while continuing to write. Dr. Stone began to circle around me again.

"I'm going to examine the kinetic pattern." I could feel her palm and fingertips poking and lightly pushing on my shoulder and arm (I believe 'palpate' is the professional term). She continued down my arm, stopping at my fingers to return to her notebook and speak for the camera. I recognized some of the terms she was using, describing degrees of flexions, extensions, and contractions in my joints and muscles. She then continued palpating all the way down my side abdominals and outer leg muscles. Even though her touch was purely clinical, it was sending electrical waves of arousal through me. When she got behind me, her hand even fondled its way up each hamstring and glute! She had her professional game face on, but I wondered if she was secretly enjoying herself. She finished her examination, up and down my other side and front, not touching my still erect penis, to my disappointment.
