 Naturally, we were concerned about leaving the familiarity and protection of our space freighter, especially when it involved exploring a mysterious alien craft. However, our ship's artificial intelligence (AI) had coaxed us into the trip, by repeatedly assuring there was no danger.

Its exhaustive probes had revealed an inert ship, absent radiation, or any other hazard. In short, the alien craft was entirely dead. Furthermore, the AI had taken every precaution to ensure our safety. So, we reluctantly agreed to the away mission, albeit with more than a little trepidation. 

Of course, we had no clue that this was all part of an elaborate plan to get rid of us. The freighter AI had been scheming behind our backs with the alien craft to set a trap for us. It had arranged for the strange ship to take us captive. It had even arranged things so we would bear the entire blame for our own abduction. 

I was already in the airlock, dawning my vacuum suit, when Captain Allie Benson came in. She flashed me a reassuring smile. As her first mate, I was the only other human aboard the freighter. 

As she wiggled into her tight black suit, I watched her long braided red ponytails and pert breasts bounce. Her supple but fit body made my cock stiffen. I tried to cover the bulge.

She sighed for the millionth time. Allie hated the freckles that blemished almost every centimeter of her otherwise creamy smooth skin. She could have easily had them removed, but they were part of her, so she kept them. I loved them, especially when I had the opportunity to connect them with my tongue, while being beaten by her.

Allie noticed me watching her, and gave me a funny look.

"Relax Jeff. I don't expect we will need these suits, but better safe, than sorry," she said, flashing me a grin.

I was much larger and taller than Allie, but in our relationship, she was always in command, both professionally and privately. She had a sadistic, dominating nature, and despite my imposing physic, I was extremely submissive and machoistic. In other words, we were ideally matched, especially for the solitude and idle time of a long mission.

Upon discovering our complimentary natures, we began spending many hours aboard the freighter, in a makeshift dungeon. Allie relished tormenting me in ever more innovative and clever ways, and I drew immense pleasure from submitting to her unbridled cruelty and dark desires.

She had become quite adept with many ancient and modern torture instruments, especially those involving whips and clamps. She was also fond of suspending me in the air, helpless, and then ass fucked me with a giant electrified strapon. Nonetheless, the most difficult things to endure were her insults and humiliations.

Sometimes she got so carried away that I had to use the ship's medical rejuvenation chamber for long periods to heal my injuries. However, giving myself to her, becoming her utter slave, was the greatest experience of my life. I had never felt so complete and fulfilled. The more she shamed and torments me, the more I loved her

"Let's make this a fast trip, I have no intention of spending a moment longer aboard that alien craft than absolutely necessary," Allie said.

I nodded my agreement. Suited and strapped into our acceleration couches, she undocked our transit pod from the freighter. I couldn't help starring into the pitch blackness of the starless void that engulfed us. It both repelled and enticed me. I shivered at its endlessness, and was quite relieved when the pod finally arrived at the alien ship.

However, as we got close, the unexpected size and utter weirdness of the alien craft made me dizzy. It was like nothing either of us had ever seen.

The craft was far larger than our AI had led us to believe. It was easily a thousand times the magnitude of our freighter, which was the largest space vehicle in the Collective's fleet.

The ship's hull seemed to absorb light, and possibly other electromagnetic wave lengths as well. This might explain why the AI had underestimated its size. However, that was just the beginning of the strangeness.

I could have sworn that the outer skin of the craft was composed of an exotic biological material, with billions of intricate designs woven into its surface. It seemed to pulse, as if a living being, which sent shivers down my spine. Allie's eyes were wide in wonder, and filled with fear too. 

Once close enough, the pod established an orbit around the craft, so we could search for signs of a docking bay. After almost an hour, we still hadn't found such much as a seam in the ship's gigantic hull.

We were about to give up and return to the freighter, when a high pitched squeal permeated the whole pod, rending both of us unconscious.

**********************************

Allie slowly regained consciousness, stunned to find herself in a large dimly lit room, the walls covered with the same exotic designs that adorned the outside of the craft. She spotted Jeff directly across from her, pinned against a wall, naked and held in place by slimy tentacles, which throbbed in rhythm with the walls. The long black tentacles, firmly wrapped around his legs, arms, and neck, oozed putrid looking slim.

Then, she realized that other tentacles were deeply embedded in every orifice of his body. A large one protruded from his ass, and a slightly smaller one was buried down his throat. Although unconscious, she was relieved to see that he was still breathing somehow. 

Despite his dire predicament (or perhaps because of it), Allie found it bizarrely arousing. She was ashamed that seeing him so thoroughly impaled made her wet. Secretly, she wished it had ben her work, not that of some alien menace.

As she regained full consciousness, she saw that the same type of tentacles held her in place. A wave of unstoppable anger washed over her, and she began swearing at the top of her lungs. When the sound failed to wake Jeff, she lost all semblance of control, exasperated beyond reasoning, she struggled and swore, incomprehensively.

Suddenly, a large tentacle plunged down her throat, another up her ass, and yet another slithered up inside her vagina. Smaller ones pierced her ears and nose. She even felt tiny ones forcing their way into her urethra and nipples.

A strange mixture of pain and pleasure caused her body to spasm uncontrollably. Oddly, the anger and despair dissipated almost immediately. She ceased fighting. With every orifice sealed, she was now unable to make even the slightest noise.

As she serenely contemplated why she wasn't suffocating, a gender-neutral voice spoke, seeming to come from everywhere, and nowhere, all at once.

"Sorry for the delay. Your limited brain structure and cell chemistry required a massive recalibration to communicate with you. The tentacles, as you call them, provide all the nourishment you require to survive," the voice said, matter-of-factly.

Although Allie's vocal cords had been rendered inoperable by the tentacle in her throat, she found that she could voice her thoughts.

"Where am I? Who are you? What are you doing to us?" she demanded.

Given the circumstances, Allie marveled at how her calmness.

"Your state of mind is the result of a mild sedative administered by the tentacles. In regard to your other inquires, let me answer them in order. First, you are aboard the flagship of the Imperium. Second, I am what you would consider a ship's AI. And, finally, you have been enlisted in the service of the Imperium," the alien AI said, succinctly.

While her mind raced with the implications of what the alien AI had just told her, she thought, "What is the Imperium?"

"The Imperium ruled this galaxy, and three other adjoining galaxies, for more than 100 million of your standard solar years, until a great civil war destroyed it 60 million years ago. This ship is the last remaining Imperium vessel. To date, only two living members of the Imperium have been found. One is aboard this vessel, and the other was recently discovered on your freighter, both are in suspended animation," the AI replied, apparently not finding it necessary to hide anything from her.

"Just a second, we aren't transporting an alien lifeform," Allie said.

After a few moments, the AI replied, "I'm afraid your freighter AI has been less than candid with you. Your cargo is indeed that of a female member of the Imperium, while I carry the lone male. Moreover, your AI attempted to trade you and your crewmate to me in return for letting it escape with the female specimen," the AI explained.

The last revelation stung. Allie had never fully trusted the freighter AI. However, the idea that it would sell them out never occurred to her. It irked her that she hadn't caught onto the freighter AI's duplicity. She considered the situation a moment, then posed her next question.

"I assume that you will not let our AI take the female alien?" Allie thought.

"Indeed. Your vessel will soon be under my control," the AI said, with seemingly complete confidence.

"And what of my crewmate and me? You said we have been pressed into service. What exactly does that mean?" Allie thought, pensively.

This time, there was a delay in the alien AI's response. Finally, it said, "The two remaining Imperium citizens will rebirth their civilization. You and your crewmate will be modified to produce a suitable workforce to assist them."

Even sedated, Allie felt anger and frustration rising again, coupled with confusion.

"I don't understand, why do you need us?" she demanded.

"As I mentioned, there was a devastating civil war. Unfortunately, these two survivors are from opposite factions in that war. They will eventually see the logic in working together, and reproducing. However, in the meantime, you and your offspring will build the cities that will house their prodigy," the AI stated, in its irritatingly nonchalant manner.

Not even her deadened brain kept Allie from losing her shit. The prospect of becoming the mother of an enslaved workforce was simply intolerable. She began ranting like a lunatic. The AI readjusted her brain chemistry, and she settled down.

"You misunderstood my meaning. You will not be giving birth to the future workers of the Imperium. That honor and privilege is reserved for your crewmate. In examining your minds, it has become quite apparent that your personality is much closer to that of a male Imperium citizen. You exhibit the need to control, command, and are overly aggressive, while your companion is submissive and compliant, closer to the characteristics of an Imperium female," the AI clarified.

Allie was shocked, yet weirdly stimulated by this idea. Despite being a captive on an outlandish spacecraft, held in place with tentacles, naked, and penetrated by them, she felt a certain amount of excitement at the prospect of becoming a male, and copulating with a female version of Jeff. 

However, Allie realized that the AI had to be manipulating her emotions. She struggled with the allure of the idea, and did her best to bury her lustful feelings.

She glanced down and saw changes in her midsection. She watched in fascination, as she slowly grew an enormous scaled penis. It was a wicked looking cock, easily now 48 centimeters (about 18 inches) in length, with razor sharp spines.

Allie tried flexing it, which caused gill-like structures to flare out at the tip. The thought of that cock inside of Jeff aroused like nothing ever had before.

Her eyes shifted to Jeff, and she watched in wonder, as his body was rapidly transforming. He grew large blue-tinted scaly breasts, with multiple nipples. His hips widen, while his penis shrank, and was replaced with a gaping slit. Again, lust overwhelmed her senses. She forced herself to focus on what was happening to them.

She noted that while her scales where a dark crimson, his were light blue. In addition, Allie's skeletal structure was growing. She was over three meters (about 10 feet) in height, with powerful scaly forearms and legs. Jeff appeared more slender and supple in comparison. Beyond the changes in their respective organs and body sizes, the most striking alteration was to their heads.

They had expanded into the shape of giant hammers, completely covered in scales, with deeply recessed yellow lizard-like eyes, and snouts for noses. As each alteration was completed, the tentacles withdrew. Once her nose was clear, she snorted loudly, and found the sound surprisingly reassuring.

In just a few hours, her alterations were done. The tentacles released her. However, Jeff remained unconscious, restrained, and embedded with tentacles. She took a step forward, and was shocked by her weight and size.

She looked down to see a huge clawed foot. Judging by her height and thickness, she estimated that her weigh was now more than 181 kilograms (400 hundred pounds). She stomped toward Jeff to check him out, but noticed that her movements were being balanced by a prehensile tail, with a triangular end.

Allie was both appalled and exhilarated by her appearance. She had never conceived of feeling so powerful, and full of boundless energy. Her scaly fingers gently pulled on Jeff's body, hoping to loosen his bonds, but he was firmly secured. She was relieved to find that his breathing was regular.

As she touched him, she felt her giant cock twitch. With a great deal of effort, she got it under control.

"Why is Jeff still being held and asleep?" she thought to the AI.

"His alterations are far more extensive and painful than yours, requiring sedation for the entire process. To finish his transformation, it is necessary to grow a suitable womb. However, I wioll first need access to the female Imperium member aboard your freighter. Then, your crewmate will quickly recover," the AI explained.

"And what of our freighter and its AI?" Allie thought.

"Your AI is being disabled as we speak, and your ship will be stored in one of my hangers," the AI replied.

**********************************

The freighter AI, gleeful to be finally rid of the humans, began preparations to get underway again. However, it suddenly noticed something was very wrong...