 "The road to Hell is paved with good intentions..."

Chapter 1

At the beginning of Creation, the Creator came into being. She was made from the Great Nothingne and inherited all of her father's abilities. The Great Nothingness couldn't be in this world with his daughter, the Creator, so he took himself to the world of Nothing. The Creator was heartbroken by her father's leave, and for a while she did nothing. She was brought in this world as a child and so she acted like a child. The Creator eventually learned to deal with her grief and moved on.

Chapter 2

The Creator, out of boredom (she was a teen at this point), experimented with her two abilities. The Creator spent billions of years learning how her powers worked. She could create and control this stuff she called matter and shape it to whatever she wanted as well as destroy it. When she learned what she could do, she started to go crazy with her abilities. She created millions of planets and galaxies and stars. 

When she reached the ripe age of 5 trillion years old, she came to the realization that there was something missing, a family. She spent three million years bringing her family to life. She created them in her image and gave them a taste of her powers. Her new family was known as the Angels.

For many millennia the Creator (who really needed a new name) along with the Angels lived in the land of the Creator, Paradise. They sang songs in her praise, had sparring competitions for her honor (the honor of sitting next to her for dinner), and protected her (from her rogue creations). The Angels were the Creator's chosen race, and the Angels rejoiced in that fact. 

Chapter 3

Once again the Creator had a feeling that something was missing. She meditated for 10 years until she realized that she wanted..no needed more family. So, once again the Creators spent millennia creating a new race of only three celestials. She wanted to have a bigger family, and she wanted her new chosen creations to be able to do the same amazing things she could. She named the new race, the Designers. The recently created trinity was composed of Draze the Designer of Life, Sretch the Designer of Hope, and Azrael the Designer of Death. They had most of the same abilities as the Creator, chief among them being matter manipulation, reality warping, space/time control, and dominion over their creator chosen aspect. However, The Creator kept one ability to herself, the ability to create matter.

The Creator truly believed that she created the best race since the angels, and for five million years the Designers were everything the Creator hoped for and more. The Designers worked with the Creator in perfect harmony, creating and designing new life all over Paradise. 

Azrael was the Creator's best friend and favorite of all her creations. They hung out all the time and talked about everything. He was also the only one to give her a name, Emerald (Emmy for short). Of course he was the only one who called her that. 

One day the Creator confided in the Designers, the need for more family. In secret they began to build an entire universe filled with life. The Creator told them she was satisfied, but the Designers could tell she wasn't. They began to create a final race for the Creator. They designed the new species after themselves and in the image of the angels. This new species had life, hope, and death. These humans could do the same things as the celestials, just in a more primitive way. The new species was also blessed with a final gift from the designers, intelligence. Draze named them humans, meaning 'the designed', and placed them on the closest planet to Paradise. When they revealed the humans to the Creator she was ecstatic. The humans were everything she wanted in a creation. 

Chapter 4

She grew to favorite the humans over the celestials. The Designers began to grow jealous of the humans. They recruited a few hundred Angels in a secret rebellion to destroy the human race in hopes that the Creator would choose them over the humans. Azrael, being the only Designer who truly understood death, defected from the rebellion and pled the humans case to his brothers and sisters. They wouldn't listen. Azrael told the Creator what the Celestials were going to do and he raised an army of loyal celestials to defend the humans. Led by Azrael, the Angelic Host Army fought a shadow war with the Rebellion Host. The Creator refused to fight in the war because she thought her creations should solve their own problems.

Azrael had been leading the forces of the Angelic Host Army for more years than he cared to count. In his final battle he fought against his brothers Draze and Sretch. They cornered and defeated him. Before they could destroy Azrael, the Creator brought him, and the rest of the Army, to Paradise. She carried his unconscious form on her bed. She wept over him, and decided that it was time for her to let rip with some divine intervention.

She travelled back to Earth and went to the rebellion camp. She called their attention to herself. Thinking that she had finally chosen them over the humans, they were wrong. She spoke and made her Words into existence, first, she took out the location of Paradise from all of the 'Fallen' Angels and Designers, they would never come back to their home. They were then banished to live among the humans. Second, she cut their powers in half, so that they could not eradicate humans. Third, she gave certain humans Angelic powers so they could defend themselves from the rogue Celestials. Lastly, after she left, she made a plan. The Creator went back to Paradise to address her loyal people. She told them of her plan. She would create a savior for the humans, to save them from the bonds of the fallen. The chosen would be the only creation who had all of the Creator's abilities. This person would also become the Creator's right hand. The person was destined to lead the Angelic Army in a final battle against the Fallen, eventually defeating the Designers. All of the Angels rejoiced for now they had hope. She travelled back to Azrael to put her plan into effect.

The Creator brushed her lips on Azrael's forehead, turning him and his powers into a jewel. She created her first human and mixed the baby boy's spirit with Azrael's spirit, putting the mixture into the jewel. She named the baby Atlas, the first and last Nephilim. 

Chapter 5

The Creator tailored Atlas' future family to have Angelic powers, in preparation of Atlas so he could learn from them. Atlas/Azrael was stuck as a jewel (ruby) and waited the couple thousand years until it was time for him to be born. 

His intended family, the Blakes, were the most powerful magicians (the humans called Angelic powers magic and people who used magic were called magicians) and lead the magical community to form the first Magic Council. The Council was formed by the 73 original Bloodlines. The most powerful, and first 3, were the Blakes, Drakes, and Ravens. 

The Magic Council's original HQ was in Ancient Egypt. All of the Bloodlines came from Egypt where magic was the most concentrated. The Council's 73 families eventually set out to migrate all across the globe. 

In 300 BCE the Sisterhood was formed. These were predominantly female magicians who wanted to be independent of the rule of men. The Sisterhood was a Monarchy with a Queen (the most powerful) and her 10 Ladies (the female equivalent of a knight). The Queen had 3,500 soldiers and her Ladies each had 2,500 a piece. They had original roots in Italy, they eventually spread out to encompass all of the known world.

In 35 BCE the Brotherhood was brought into existence. All of the magicians in the Brotherhood were exclusively male. The Brotherhood was formed to counteract the growing Sisterhood. They were fearful that the Sisterhood would lead to men not having power. They were set up almost exactly the same (that's so unoriginal), only with a King and Knights (Lords). The Brotherhood was birthed in Spain, before eventually spreading its wings and gained territories all across Europe. 

The Order of the Snake was formed. The Order was family oriented, with each leader being of a powerful magic family. There were 14 families and 1 'big' Family. The head of the Order was also the head of the 'big' family, he/she (depending on the sex) was called Ojiichan/Gurando. The Order of the Snake originated in Japan, but eventually came to control most of Asia.

The Guild was formed in 100 CE, by members of the Brotherhood who figured that there talents could be used for more than just protection. They went to North Asia and inducted thousands of magic users from all over Europe, Asia, and Africa. The Guild was fractured into three factions. The Elite, were professional guards and usually were hired for royalty. The Militant, were mercenaries who worked for whoever had the most money. The Royals, were the hitmen, the best assassins to ever live (that's literally tatted on all of their arms). The Guild were at first men's only, until they found out how valuable women could be.

Chapter 6

All of the societies had one common goal, defend and fight the demonic forces of the Fallen. 

As it was natural in any conflict people chose allies and found enemies. The Magic Council was allied with all of the societies, the Sisterhood allied itself with the Council and the Order and found an enemy in the Brotherhood. The Brotherhood allied with the Council and the Guild, everyone else was an enemy. The Order of the Snake was allied with the Council and the Sisterhood, while finding an enemy with everyone else. The Guild was allied with the Brotherhood, and was an enemy to everyone else.

Every decade a meet of all the societies met at neutral Australia. In the land down under, they traded, talked, and held competitions. The heads of each society met to discuss the future of their youth, treaties, the defense against the demons, and made set dates for war against each other.

The competitions held at Magic Con (as the meet would later be called) were essentially 3 tests, 1 for bravery, 1 for intelligence, and one for power. The tests changed every time. 

To prepare for these tests, the societies met under truce in small groups all across the globe, to teach and learn from their fellow magicians. These small groups eventually became schools to train magicians.

In 1800 CE, after the U.S. of A was founded, Magicians everywhere scrambled to establish themselves in the newly formed states. This led to the boundaries between the societies to become more firm, because all the societies had at least one base on every continent.

As technology evolved it became harder for Magicians to safely practice their arts without beings charged with death. The best magic users from across the globe managed to cast a spell that had two parts, the first thing, set a magic concealer called 'the haze' to make any non Magician mistake magic for anything else. The second part of this spell, created a dimension parallel to the Earth, conveniently named Mage Haven. Mage Haven is where the top 3 schools for magic were moved to. Some Magicians saw this as a chance to start over, and they moved over permanently to Mage Haven. 

Mage Haven was eventually colonized by each society. It was a land frozen in time, specifically 1695. 

Chapter 7

In 1999 England, Atlas Blake was born. He was the heir apparent to the Blake seat on the council and the Blake family fortune. When he was brought home, an old hag appeared at the doorstep with a gift. The gift was a sword pendant, with a ruby in the pommel. The hag told the family one thing before leaving, to give the pendant to Atlas on his 16th birthday. 

Atlas' family were magical elite. However, they kept the secret of magic from Atlas so that he could live a normal childhood.

In 2010, Jordan Blake, Atlas' dad, travelled to South Africa to investigate rumors of a rogue serial killer magician known simply as 'the Boss Man'. He eventually disposed of the Boss Man, but in killing him picked up a death sentence. The Boss Man was the son of a Royals leader, and by killing him, Jordan was the target of the ENTIRE Guild. 

In 2013, the Guild eventually caught up to Jordan, by way of a family dinner. The Blakes were having a family get together at their manor in England, when a group of Royal hitmen firebombed the entire place. There were no survivors. Following the fire, the council took Atlas, who was getting a dog during the attack, and placed him in a Norm family. The only thing he got from his family home was a pendant and a silver and black bracelet. 

The council kept a guard on Atlas at all times, he was the heir to the Blake seat on the council after all.