 Thanks to CranialFornication for editing.

*****

You woke with a start. From a dream that you couldn't quite remember. Like a cruel game, it slipped further and further away the harder you tried.

"Oh well." 

As you began to turn to get out of bed, you noticed a strong erection barely fitting in your boxers. 

"Well, whatever the dream was, it must have been a good one." 

Taking your cock into your hand, you laid back and stroked yourself lightly, not wanting to waste the feeling. But, as you started pulling off your underwear, you noticed the time. 

"Eight already?! I can't be late!" 

You rushed to get ready. Skipping the shower and shave, there was only enough time to wet your hair, put on a fresh shirt, and head out. Your appointment was within walking distance, but a car would have eased the burden had it not been in the shop. After two blocks of half running, you started checking building numbers. 

"Stupid car,,," You growled as your legs started to burn.

Stopping in front of a clinic, you double checked the flyer you had in your pocket. This had to be the place. It was an unmarked, uninteresting looking building. But, you walked inside and looked around to see the waiting area was packed. The air was thick and didn't help the sudden attack of claustrophobia you felt coming on. You were about to call it a day until you heard a friendly "Ahem" behind you.

Looking toward the sound you saw a strikingly beautiful young woman with large enchanting eyes. She was wearing a red sweater and a short skirt, smiling, pointing to the table next to her. Realizing that you were staring awkwardly, you navigated to the desk and quickly saw a sign-in sheet. Good thing you rushed to find the place... albeit late... you took the last spot for walk-in volunteers. 

"Well that was close..." you said, but no one else responded.

You looked around the room for somewhere to sit, but the room was filled to capacity. Some people were even standing. Then you heard a familiar sound. 

"Ahem." 

When you looked, the same young woman, still smiling, moved a jacket and purse off of the seat next to her.

"Thank you, I had a pretty rough morning..." You explained, as you sat.

"You seemed pretty lost." She giggled. 

"How did you hear about this place?" 

"A flyer, it sounded like easy money." 

"You're getting paid?!" You joked. 

"Oh no... I just smuggle out doughnuts and coffee." She winked. 

Just as you were thinking of something clever to say a loud woman's voice interrupted the quiet waiting room area.

"Hello everyone, thank you all for coming. My name is Dr. Chance. Can we please have all male volunteers through the door on the left, and ladies to the right. We will begin shortly." 

The young woman turned to you and frowned, then smiled again. 

"Good luck! I hope you don't grow too many tentacles." She joked. "I'm Chrystal by the way." 

got up and disappearing through the female door. She had a 'go get 'em' attitude in her demeanor and so it made sense she was hoping to be first in line. You kicked yourself for not getting her number, and then hurried to be first in your own room. 

As you passed through the door, a number of chairs were placed against a wall in the small room. After a few minutes re-reading the flyer and really thinking about what you were volunteering for... and what Chrystal had volunteered for, Dr. Chance entered the room.

"Thank you all again for being here. Only one will be selected for the beta trials after a few tests and measurements are taken. We will be taking measurements and performing a few tests. But you will know today if you are selected." 

After being poked and prodded for half an hour... being sent back into the waiting room... and then going back in for more tests... only you and one other male remained. Then after the weigh-in they asked the other man to leave. Score! 

"It seems you are the most suited for our experiment." Dr. Chance said, flicking through papers on her clipboard. "Now what we are testing is physical augmentation. We are trying to enhance things like hearing, eyesight, reflexes, and even sex drive though gene therapy. We've made some breakthrough discoveries in cross-gene manipulation. Do you have any questions so far?" 

"So... You're gonna turn me into a horny Spider-Man?" You say, half joking. 

"Not that extreme." She chuckled. "But something like a spider has genes ill-suited for humans. So we are using felines. Their genes are remarkably compatible." She explained. 

"Cats? How dramatic a change should I be expecting? whiskers?" 

"These are our first human trials, so we are going to go easy you." she said, smiling and making notes. 

"I think I'm ready." You said, shrugging. "What's the worts that could happen? Nine lives?"

You signed a few waivers, and Dr. Chance gave you an injection. It was pretty painless, but you certainly started feeling the effects of the drug. After a few minutes you noticed a few changes, noises being louder, A stronger sense of smell. Your eyes felt strange. Everything was brighter. You were being observed constantly. Doctors and pharmacists coming in and re-taking your vitals, asking questions, and using all kinds of expensive medical gadgets to measure you. Then, it was finally over. 

"Thank you for your time. Please return next week for a follow up. If anything changes, or you feel yourself becoming sick please call this number." She handed you a card. "Please see the receptionist about your payment." 

As you found your way back to the initial reception area, it was a empty. A vast contrast from the sardine-like atmosphere from before. Walking to the receptionist, you place your hand on the table.

"I was told to ask you about payment?" 

"Yes, one moment." 

She shuffled out of her chair and hurried to the back room. Standing there for a few minutes, you became impatient and started strumming your fingers on the desk.

"Ahem." 

You turned around to see Chrystal, but something was different. Her eyes had changed. She had cat eyes! They made her seem wild and even sexier than before. 

"What's new, pussycat?" You ask. 

Chrystal blushed and giggled. 

"At least I don't have a tail." She teased. 

A wave of panic. You immediately reached to your lower back, but no tail to be found. A deep sigh from you caused a loud giggle from her. She was very pleased at your reaction, and rubbed her eyes before stepping closer to you.

"They aren't that bad are they?" 

"On the contrary... They're beautiful, really."

"Thank you." She blushed again. 

"I guess I got a weaker dose... I didn't get a new set of eyes like that. Or did I?" You said, realizing you hadn't seen a mirror in the whole time you'd been there.

"No... you're fine. They said it was likely because I was a woman. That was news to me." She joked. 

You laughed and the two of you made small talk as the receptionist returned with envelopes in hand.

"Here you are, you two. Don't spend it all in one place." 

"Thank you." You said simultaneously, causing one another to giggle.

Before you left, you turned to Chrystal. 

"Would you like to have lunch? I haven't eaten all day. And I'm buying." You offered, holding up your envelope. 

"That sounds nice, but I don't really feel like being stared at just yet..." She said, pulling a pair of sunglasses out of her purse. "Do you mind if we pick something up and go watch a movie at my place? I live close by." 

I nodded. "Sushi?" You joked.  "Yes!" she responded. You don't think she got the joke, but no matter.

You don't normally like sushi, but fish sounded really good, and there was a place just up the road, so no driving was necessary. The two of you chatted the whole way, and you tried not to laugh when she ordered in a spontaneous British accent. Feeling very hungry, the two of you ordered enough food to feed a family of five. She showed you into her apartment, you kicked off your shoes and followed her into her living room. As she put the food on a coffee table, she sat down and patted the cushion next to her for you.

"What movie did you have in mind?" You asked. 

"Anything is fine really, I'm mostly just hungry." She said, eying the food. "It's funny, I don't normally like sushi..."

 You both ate, unable to concentrate on the film. It was like white noise. As you ate, you could tell she was inching closer and closer to you every minute. You could feel your enhanced sex drive rising. In a weird way, you could 'feel' her sex drive radiating towards you, a sensation of warmth and calm emanating from her. 

"Chrystal?" 

She didn't respond. All you did was make eye contact and suddenly neither of you could take it anymore, and you kissed her. She let out a soft moan as your lips meet. You rubbed one hand on her stomach, brushing her breast with your thumb. She reacted by grabbing both your knees and squeezing your upper thighs. You placed your other hand on the back of her neck and pulled her even closer to you, her hands rested on your chest. 

She pushed you back and gracefully straddled you, wrapping her thighs around your hips, and pressing herself softly into your throbbing erection. You slid one hand under her sweater. She slapped it away and you worry that you may have moved too fast. But when she quickly removed her sweater and shirt, you realized you were going too slow, and removed your shirt trying to keep up. She wore no bra. Her soft breasts felt amazing against your chest, and she moaned again as they made contact. Her hips gyrated against into yours. 

You twist the two of you and pushed her down onto her back. Taking her lead from last time, you slid her pants and panties off her in one fell swoop. Your own soon followed. You took a moment to admire her perfect body, and freshly shaved pussy. You began kissing her. Starting with her neck, down to her nipples, and down her stomach. She moaned louder with each kiss. Your tongue danced from her naval to her clit. You teased her with your tongue, and gave soft kisses until you could feel her about to scream. Just as she began to climax, you flipped her onto her stomach, and entered her from behind. Thrusting and cupping her perfect breasts, she screamed out of pleasure into the cushion. You felt your own coming fast, and at the last second you pulled out and finished on her back. Jets of cum, roping across her skin.You used your shirt to wipe her clean. Somewhat. You both fell panting. 

"I-I think, I think we discovered a new side-effect." She said, catching her breath. "Warning! May cause you to fuck a stranger's brains out." 

You both laughed; as you did you felt a small twinge of pain in your gut. Strange... 

"Shower?" She offered. 

"Yes!" You responded, wincing at another sharp pain. 

She lead you to the bathroom and turned on the shower. It felt glorious, good enough to take away the new wave of nausea. ou took the time to wash each other, exploring each other a in a way you would expect an established couple to do. But you had just met, and yet it felt so right. So... natural. You gave her tight little ass a small slap. You could feel yourself becoming aroused again.

"All clean, dirty boy?" She asked. 

You grabbed her hips from behind and pulled her against your fresh erection, she gasped in surprise. You slid your hands up her wet and slippery body, squeezing her breasts, lightly pinching and twisting her nipples. The feeling of her hot wet skin against your cock was unbearable, you had never felt this carnal, instinct was driving both of you like a roller coaster and all you could do was try not to fall off. You could feel her hips push against you pleadingly and before you realize you were thrusting yourself back inside her. You wanted to scream out of pleasure, but your voice was nowhere to be found, besides, she was screaming enough for the both of you. 

You wrapped one arm across her chest, resting your hand on her neck, the other was on her hip driving her into your insatiable erection. All you wanted was to feel her entire body as she climaxed, and you were granted your wish as you came together. Her head arched back resting on your shoulder as you felt pleasure wash over her body, your hips drove you somehow deeper inside of her with each burst of your own. You both stood frozen in that moment as the hot water cascaded over your bodies. 

"That was incredible." She said.

"You're telling me." You sighed.

"Ready to get out?" 

As she asked you noticed a number of little hairs covering the floor of the shower. Quickly, you realized they were coming off of you. 

"Um... You go ahead, I think I need another minute. I feel a little light headed and this is helping tons." 

"Sounds good, I have to go make a call. I'll meet you out there." 

She left and you held your stomach. It felt strange. And your head itched. Your legs were completely hairless now, and clumps of hair from you armpits and groin fell into the water at your feet. Panicking, you felt the hair on your head, giving a small tug. You could feel it giving way, not falling out, but growing. You stepped out of the shower to splash some cold water on your face. You turned on the sink and wiped the steam off the mirror. Just as your hands touched the cool stream you felt a weird pressure in both of them. Then a sharp pain. Suddenly your left hand shrunk, by about a third. You closed your eyes and shook your head. "That can't be real." You reassured yourself. 

You opened your eyes just in time to see your other hand shrink too, your fingers becoming slender and feminine. Suddenly your entire perspective dropped by about 6 inches. Did you just get shorter? You rummaged through your pants and found your phone, and the card Dr. Chance gave you. You dialed as your legs started thinning. You heard a voice, but dropped your phone once you feel you groin start to shrink. 

"Oh god!" 

You fell to your knees in disbelief. Watching as your manhood literally shrunk away! You clambered topicked up the phone. 

"Hello? Hello!?" You said, your voice becoming higher pitched and feminine. 

Just an answering machine message. You hung up the phone. 

You felt your shoulders shrink and watched as your chest began to expand into a pair of perky breasts formed. You felt them to make sure they were real. The new flesh was sensitive, and a jolt of pleasure came as you brushed your nipples. You stood back up to look into the mirror. Your face had changed! No more stubble. Your hair was now shoulder length. They felt soft, and your skin was silky. Your eyes were the same, but your face was unrecognizable. Yet it was still you, just female. A soft featured feminine version of your former self. 

You felt around your own body. Your hips were wider, and your ass was tight and bouncy. You held your breath as your hands moved to your front. Your manhood was gone; in its place was a soft hairless opening. As you ran your fingers down waves of pleasure rippled over you. Curious, you ran a finger down between the lips of your new pussy. You could feel it getting wet. 

An uncontrollable desire washed over you. The serum had obviously increased your libido, you didn't realize just how much until now. You fell to your knees and started fingering yourself, squeezing your supple new breast with your other hand. The pleasure was extreme to say the least. Slowly your hand moved up to your new clit. The feeling was indescribable. Instinct took over as you rubbed faster and faster, trying not to moan too loudly. Suddenly, a whole new wave of pleasure flowed over your entire body as you climaxed. But it didn't just end like before, when you jacked off. This pleasure was radiating and pulsing everywhere, and it kept growing as you continued to rub yourself. Eventually, after a few minutes of bliss your body calmed down, and you struggled to catch your breath. 

Then reality kicked in. You were a girl! A sexy one, but a girl nonetheless. The serum wasn't supposed to be this strong. How were you going to explain this to anyone? What about Chrystal? You remembered you aren't even in your own apartment. Could you get out without her noticing? 

You heard a floorboard squeak from the hallway, and turned to see the door was open a crack. Did she see you? You slipped on your boxers and T-shirt. Took a deep breath, and walk out the door. 

"Chrystal?" You said, the higher pitch of your voice surprising you. "Are you here? Something... happened to me." 

"I'm in here." You heard her from her coat closet. "Are you alright?" 

"It'd be a lot easier to just show you.'

"I... saw what happened to you." She said slowly.

A wave of panic and relief came over you. She saw you change! was that good? What else did she see?

"Why are you in the closet?" 

"Hiding, what else?" She said, anxiously. "I'll come out. Just promise not to freak out, okay?" 

"Right, ME freak out." You scoffed. 

The door opened and she stepped out. 

You both speechlessly examined each other. Her ears where gone! Now a pair of cat ears poked out of the top of her head. They even perked up in surprise when she saw you. Then you noticed something behind her. A tail! She had grown a tail! The same color as her hair. The only thing she was wearing was her red sweater. Her new tail stopped the back from going all the way down, so her butt was exposed just beneath it. 

You both stood speechless. 

"Is... that really you?" She asked, finally breaking the silence. 

"I-I think so... I guess you shouldn't have teased me about having a tail earlier, huh?" 

She blushed, and smiled. She knew this was really you. 

"Is it bad?" She asked. 

"You look like a fantasy." 

She blushed again. In only the sweater, with her eyes and tossed hair she looked wilder and sexier than ever. 

"What about me?" You asked. 

"You look like you could use a drink." She joked. 

You both laughed. 

"I tried to call the clinic, it's closed." You said, slightly worried. 

"Me too, I guess we are stuck like this tomorrow." 

"Well... How about that drink?" 

She laughed, and lead you into the kitchen. Enjoying the view from behind you had a sad thought; Would she still like you if you could never change back? You shook he thought as she grabbed two glasses from the shelf and a bottle of wine. The aroma was intoxicating. And the taste was amazing. Your senses were even stronger than they were before. Soon, You both finish off the bottle. 

"Well, given the circumstances... I guess you'd better sleep over. I have some PJs you can borrow." 

 You agreed and followed her to the bedroom. She pulled out a pair for you both. She undressed and blushed. You realized you were staring. 

"Sorry." You said, quickly starting to dress yourself.

"That's fine." She smiled. "It's good to see not everything has changed." 

You felt yourself blush. It wasn't your fault; she looked like your ultimate fantasy! You could feel her watching the whole time. The silky pink number she picked for you felt soft and cool as you slid on the top.

"Do... I need a bra?" You asked, embarrassed. your face flushing.

"Trust me, you don't need one." She giggled. "Your not really supposed to wear one to bed anyway." 

You held up the panties, not sure which side was the front. Guessing the bows went forward you slid them on slowly, they fit perfectly. then you slid on the pants.

"Fit okay, Cinderella?" She teased.

You burst out laughing, snorting slightly, only making you laugh harder. You weren't sure how to process any of this. But you were reassured to know Chrystal was with you. She hugged you giggling at your laughing fit. You knew she knew how you felt. But how did she feel? It felt like a movie, and the two of you were just in the audience.

"I know this must all feel insane." She said. "But I know you are a very strong person, lets just try not to think about it too much before talking with the doctors tomorrow."
