 This is a special 2012 'Halloween' contest entry. PLEASE VOTE. And THANKS!

Before you read this story, be advised that it is adult oriented and contains very graphic depictions of a sexual nature. It is not intended for, nor should it be read under any circumstances, by persons who are not at least eighteen(18) years of age. 

I normally write "real" human characters, but when I saw the Halloween theme contest posting, I decided to challenge myself to step out of my comfort zone. This is my first attempt at writing a supernatural fantasy, so I hope it turned out well and that you enjoy it. 

I love to read your comments and would enjoy hearing from you if you like this story. I even want your comments if you don't like it, provided you are actually giving constructive criticism. Please don't leave a comment if you are simply turned off by what the story contains. Just because you may not enjoy or politically agree with the portrayals, it doesn't mean that others won't. 

~~Odysseyker

-----------------------------

Trick or Trebor?

I dragged into the house at around 5:40 p.m. on Friday, tired and glad to be home. The day had been miserable at work. Hell, the whole week had been nothing more than one disaster after another. I was ready to unwind and relax for a while. After hanging up my jacket and dropping my keys on the counter, I went straight for the recliner and flopped down. I had no more than lifted the footrest when Tina, my wife of thirteen years, came in and reminded me that we had a party to attend.

"What are you doing?" she snapped. "You need to get changed for Pam's party. If you don't hurry up we're going to be late."

"Shit!" I grumbled to myself. I'd forgotten all about the Halloween party that Tina's sister had invited us to. Originally it had sounded like a lot of fun. We'd been to a few of Pam's parties before and they were interesting, to say the least. Pam and her lesbian lover, Lori, had a vast array of friends, both gay and straight, most of whom had few inhibitions. Mix that with risque Halloween costumes and a little alcohol and you have the makings of a wild party.

Now, though, all I wanted to do was to take a nap, have some dinner and maybe a couple of drinks, then talk my wife into watching a porn video and some dirty lovemaking. Ignoring Tina's prompts, I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. I knew we were obligated to attend, but really wished I could skip the affair. As I sat there, I tried to convince myself that it would be fun; I just needed a few minutes of peace and quiet. 

Tina rousted me a few minutes later and I mumbled something not very nice, then got to my feet and trudged to the bedroom. I stripped, shot a little cologne on my chest and wiggled into the idiotic pirate costume that she had bought for me. She was going as a lusty wench, and I had to admit she looked like it in her outfit. I was supposed to be her pirate lover. I would have just as soon stayed home and played pirate with her, but knew it wasn't going to happen. 

The party was scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m. and it was 6:45 when we got in the car. If we didn't hit traffic or have any other problems we could make it and arrive fashionably, only a few minutes late. As luck would have it though, we were railroaded and had to wait fifteen minutes for the crossing to clear. Finally, after the train passed, we made it to Pam's place, a twenty year old brick and wood ranch style house situated on a small lake several miles out of the city.

I pulled down the long, twisting driveway and expected to see an abundance of vehicles, but there were only a few. "Looks like your sister's party is a bust," I commented, secretly hoping that with as few people as were there we'd have a chance to make an early exit. I figured we might still be able to get home in time to play a little 'hide the peg-leg', as it were.

At any rate, we parked and got out. Even as tired and grouchy as I was, I had to admire Tina's sexy body as she exited the car. At five feet, five inches tall and 128 pounds, she's stacked and packed in all the right places. Her raven hair cascades around her shoulders and strikes her mid-back. She has black on black eyes that have always captivated me and are the perfect accent to her 38D-26-37 inch figure. 

"Come on wench!" I barked sarcastically as I gazed at her muffin-topped breasts bursting out of the top of her corseted costume. She flipped me the finger and we both laughed. My mood was actually beginning to lighten a little and I thought the party might not be too bad after all. I had always hoped that at one of these parties, Tina might get drunk enough and horny enough that I'd persuade her into letting a bisexual woman join us in the bedroom.

I knew she was curious, and we'd had a couple of offers, but she'd never had the courage to make it a reality. For that matter, our sex life had never been anything out of the ordinary. I'm not complaining; the sex was always good with Tina, I just wanted to experiment a little more. I was always trying to get her to flash a trucker or have sex with me somewhere risky, but could never get her to go along. 

We made our way to the door and I knocked. We waited a minute and since no one answered, I knocked again. Eerily, the door swung open this time but there was nobody in sight. We crossed the threshold and I expected Pam to close the door behind us, but she wasn't there. In fact the door seemed to have simply opened itself. 

Tina and I looked at each other and then around the room. No sign of life. The house was dark and elaborately made up for the party. There were very realistic cobwebs everywhere and a few candles dimly lit the room. The furniture had all been draped with black material and it even smelled like a musty old 'haunted' house. It was almost as if we'd stepped into another dimension, or at the very least a Wes Craven movie. 

"Hellooo..." Tina called out. As the words faded into nothingness, the door flew past our backs and slammed shut with a loud "THWUNK!". Tina and I both spun around and watched as the deadbolt mysteriously turned itself, locking us in. 

"What the fuck...?" I puzzled as I went to the door and tried unlocking it. But try as I might, there was no turning the lock. Then I chuckled and said, "Boy... Pam's really outdone herself this year." Pam had always been one to go out of her way to make her parties special with props and games that fit the season or event. But she'd never been this detailed and meticulous. 

"Well, where in the hell is everyone?" Tina questioned. And her question was a valid one. There was nobody within eyeshot and we didn't hear any voices or laughter. 

"Maybe they're all out on the deck," I replied and started toward the family room. 

I took a couple of steps and heard a strange, macabre voice calling, "Charrelllesss..." My given name is Charles, but everyone calls me 'Boonie', Boone being my middle name. 

I froze in my footsteps and asked Tina, "Did you hear that?"

"Hear what?" my wife returned, and then the voice called my name again.

"That!" I snapped. "A voice is calling my name."

"Quit screwing around. I didn't hear anything," Tina scolded, and then her head flicked to the side as if something had caught her attention. 

"What?" I asked.

"N-nothing..." she replied and then gasped. "The voice isn't calling your name... It's calling mine," Tina timidly stated, but all I'd heard was my name. 

I grabbed her hand and we started through the house. I was determined to go room by room, if I had to, until I found the pranksters and got to the bottom of the jokes. But as I walked, it seemed like the rooms were expanding and multiplying as I went. Before long we were hopelessly lost in a labyrinth of dark, twisting rooms and hallways that appeared to be leading us nowhere, each drearier and more dismal than the last. 

Finally I stopped in the middle of a large room and pulled Tina close. "What the hell is going on?" I muttered, more to myself than to her. I could feel her body trembling in my arms, and truth be told, I was scared out of my mind too. But I wasn't going to let her see it. I intended to be 'Mr. Toughguy' and get us out of this.... whatever it was. 

As we stood there, I began to hear the voice again, calling my name. "Do you hear it?" I asked my wife. She nodded but didn't say anything. The voice got louder and then seemed to drift away from me. "I guess we need to follow the voice," I reckoned, again as much to myself as anything. 

We took a few steps and the voice got louder. A few more and it faded somewhat. Stepping back, we changed direction, took a couple steps and the voice grew louder again. Using this same pattern over and over, we were led to a large, heavy looking, black door with no doorknob. There was a huge brass door knocker that resembled a goat's head. It was hard to tell since there was very little light, but it was certainly some kind of horned animal with a four inch diameter ring through its nose. 

I stood there for a moment and realized that the only thing left to do was to knock on the door. Grasping the ring with trembling fingers, I timidly raised and brought the brass implement down three times. I heard what sounded like deadbolts sliding and then the massive door swung open with a loud creak. 

We peered through the doorway into blackness. Nothing was visible inside except for a solitary point of light that seemed suspended in mid-air. "C'mon..." I prompted Tina, crossing through the door and pulling her in behind me. In the back of my mind I still believed that this was some sort of outlandish hoax, and that if we played the game we would come out laughing at the end. But boy was I ever wrong. 

Once we were inside, the door closed behind us and then was swallowed up by the wall itself. Still nothing was visible except that single point of light. We approached it and as we neared, it seemed to edge farther away from us. After taking ten or fifteen steps, I stopped and watched as the light rose higher and higher above us. Then it centered itself over our heads and began to grow brighter. 

Dark lumps and shapes began to be visible around us, but I still couldn't discern whether they were furniture, boxes, people or anything else. I looked up at the light and it seemed blindingly bright for as little as it was doing to illuminate the room. I released Tina's hand and raised both my hands to shield my eyes, trying to see something, anything. That was a mistake. 

Suddenly a pair of black hands appeared out of thin air and grabbed my wrists. These were not black in the sense of African-American. They were black as a chalkboard is black and had the same dusty appearance as one. They looked lifeless but were full of life as they drew my arms apart and held me in place. 

I resisted and tried to pull free of them, but they gripped my wrists with such strength that it was hopeless. Tina shrieked and tried to help free me, but another pair of hands grabbed her wrists too, pulling her away and into the same fix that I was in. We both struggled for a few moments and then more hands grew out of the dingy floor and grabbed each of our ankles to subdue us further. In no time at all we were both helpless, standing face to face in a spread eagle pose.

"What the fuck is going on here!" I screamed, straining to see anything at all. "Let us go and let us out of here," I demanded just as loudly. After no response and a few minutes, I half-heartedly asked no one in particular, "What do you want from us?"

A demonic voice answered, "It's what I want from you, Charles."

"Well, if it's something you want from me, then let Tina go and you can have it," I replied with the most bravado that I could muster. 

The demonic voice let out a booming laugh and then said, "I can't do that, Charles."

"Why the fuck not, you bastard?" I barked. 

"Because Charles... She's what I want from you," the voice calmly returned, followed by a bone chilling laugh that burned my ears and singed my soul. 

"What in the hell is that supposed to mean, you mother fucker?" I spouted furiously.

"It means that I'm going to take your sweet little wife and make her mine, Charles. And you're going to watch me do it," the voice menaced.

Tina looked at me with fear spilling from her eyes and I lurched against the hands holding me. Struggle as I did, it was no use. There was simply no way that I could free myself, free us, from this torment. I saw a tear slide down my wife's cheek and I hung my head in disgrace at not being able to protect her. 

The voice laughed again and another light appeared overhead, away from us and illuminating what looked like a huge stone bed. "This is my Altar of Divine Bliss," the voice informed us. "By the time Tina rises from this altar, she will be mine, willingly." 

"NO!" Tina shouted as she began to move, drawn by the hands from nowhere, toward the altar. She struggled and fought, but she had no more luck than I'd had. The hands lifted her and tipped her into a prone position, then lowered her to the surface of the bed. 

Once she was flat on her back, still spread eagle, the hands seemed to become a part of the stone, holding her firmly in place. I watched, horrified, as her clothes began to literally melt off of her gorgeous figure. The stone beneath her absorbed the clothing as it melted away and within a few seconds, my beautiful wife was laying there naked and open. 

Tina's breasts were heaving under her panicked breathing and her thick pubic triangle was lewdly displayed. She was tossing her head from side to side and sobbing uncontrollably. "Please don't do this," she begged. 

"Now, now, Tina.... You'll thank me later," the voice promised. "You will come to love ME. You will long to fulfill MY desires. You will yearn to have ME inside you. You will beg to swallow MY seed," it went on torturously, again filling the chamber with resounding laughter.

"Never, you son of a bitch!" Tina screamed into the darkness. 

"You'll see, Tina... You'll see." it replied, then tauntingly added, "And you will too, Charles. Although, if you choose, I will release you now... But a spell will be cast upon your eyes and you will never see anything again, except your sweet Tina being slowly ripped apart by my 'hands'." Once more a deep laugh filled the room and then the voice spoke again. "But, I am a gracious host. If you stay I will provide some entertainment to help keep your mind occupied while I take her from you."

"I'm not leaving here without Tina, you asshole," I snapped.

A wisp of smoke swirled around me and then, like Tina's had, my clothing began to melt away. The pirate costume dissolved and ran off of my body as if it were paint rolling down my frame and soaking into the stone of the floor beneath me. In just a matter of seconds, I too was held there spread eagle and as naked as the day I was born. 

The voice laughed again and another curl of smoke surrounded me, then disappeared into the floor. Almost instantly I noticed movement on the floor and watched, mortified, as three snakes made their way into the circle of light around me. They slithered right up to my feet and held their place, as if awaiting instructions. I tried to kick at them, but it was no use. My legs were held too tightly and barely moved at all. 

"Those are my lust vipers," the voice informed me. "They will keep you company while I take Tina from you," it said. Then, after a pause, it proposed, "I will even strike a bargain with you... If you can cause each of them to have an orgasm before your sweet wife receives my mark, I will return her to you and release both of you unharmed." 

What could I say? I had no idea how to make a snake have an orgasm, but my brain immediately started churning. "I can't make a snake cum," I complained. As the words tapered away, the reptiles all hissed at me menacingly. "I couldn't even make myself cum like this..." I grumbled, referring to my subdued state. 

Again the snakes hissed and vibrated at my feet. Suddenly, the one in the middle sprang from the floor and latched onto the head of my dick. I screamed in pain as the fangs pierced into my glans and my eyes clamped shut in agony. There was a few seconds of burning, almost unbearable misery and then it began to soften and change. The pain slowly shifted to a pleasurable feeling and when I opened my eyes, the snake had transformed into a beautiful woman. She was sucking on my flaccid tool as if we'd been lovers all our lives. 

I watched as the other two transfigured right before my eyes. They morphed into hideous creatures that were a combination of snake and woman as they grew in size. Their forms seemed almost molten as they writhed in their transition, eventually both becoming solid figures again. As with the first, they were both captivatingly beautiful and sexy. 

All three were nude with breasts nearly as large as Tina's. Their pubes were totally hairless and their skin felt soft and warm as they drew near and pressed against me. For a brief moment I felt like I was in heaven, and then I got a look at their eyes. Each of them still had the eyes of a snake with the strangely patterned irises and trademark slitted pupils. I once more thrashed at the hands holding me, struggling to get away from the demonic creatures. 

My efforts were met with the voice's laughter again. "You may as well enjoy them. They will not leave you alone until they have been satisfied by an orgasmic release," the voice counseled. 

As it echoed through the chamber, I saw a cloudy apparition materialize near Tina. The figure solidified and looked like a human form shrouded in a heavy, dark cloak and hood. "Enjoy them, Charles... Enjoy them while I enjoy your wife," the voice taunted, emanating from the cloaked figure. 

It was then that I realized my penis was stiffening in the mouth of the first serpent-girl. I fought against my own body but knew it was useless. I was fully aware that my dick would continue to harden and there wasn't a hell of a lot I could do to stop it. I willed myself not to get hard. I tried concentrating on Tina in hopes that seeing her as she was would enrage me enough to prevent an erection. But those things didn't help. They actually made matters worse. 

As I looked at Tina, secured and lewdly displayed, my blood boiled for her. The vision was erotic, to say the least. I yearned to stand over her naked body and touch her skin. I wanted to tease and excite her breasts; her nipples. I ached to trail my fingertips through her dense bush and delve into her opening... Only I knew that it wasn't going to be me. I knew it was going to be the cloaked figure and his evil that tormented my lovely Tina.

I hung my head in shame and gave in to the harassment of the vipers. With my spirit all but broken, I felt my cock continue to swell in the witch's mouth. She let me slip from her lips and I expected to see the head of my dick shredded from her fangs, but there weren't even any puncture marks. "How can that be?" I asked myself. "I felt her teeth driving through me. But there's no marks... Is this even happening or is it just a bad dream?" I continued to muse in my mind. 

"Oh, it's happening, dear Charles," The figure said. 

"You can read my mind," I softly muttered, then asked more loudly, "Who are you?"

"My name is Trebor and I am the guardian of depraved lust," he answered. 

Then, while the snake ladies stroked and teased my body, he went on, "For centuries I have ensured that the world as you know it reeks with debauchery and profane sexual energy. I do this by capturing the spirits of women like your wife; Sexy and provocative women who barely tap into their sexual potential. Once they become mine, their depraved lust is released back into the world to fuel the passions of the masses." 
