 She didn't have to be there, she realized after ringing the bell. It's not as if he wouldn't understand. She had unequivocally and literally made him a fucking promise, though. And she told herself that a distraction might be useful, something to get her mind off of Frankie. Still, she was feeling emotionally drained, and being in good spirits had always been important to... 

Her inner debate was interrupted by the sound of the door opening. The figure of the tall man filled the doorway, his chiseled features coming fully into view as he leaned slightly outward. 

She cleared her throat. "Professor K?" 

Rick smirked at the hint of the game to be played. Trinx was dressed as any average young woman, but her hostile pose and tone served as her costume. 

"Yes?" 

"We need to talk about my grade." 

"Oh, do we now?" Rick mimicked the young blonde's petulant pose. 

"Yes, we do. Is this a bad time or something?" 

"No." Rick smiled affably. "Come on in." 

Rick led her to a small office, suitable for the scenario that Trinx had chosen. She quickly dropped into what was clearly Rick's chair, looking around lazily. Grinning subtly, Rick settled into a smaller seat. 

"So, professor...you didn't like my paper?" 

"I loved the paper. It was brilliant." 

Trinx pushed her head forward and narrowed her eyes. "And?" 

"And you didn't write it." 

"Of course I did." 

"No." Rick shook his head. "It's too good. Far too good for a girl who spends the entire class whispering to her friend about which guy she wants to fuck." 

"You...I don't do that!" 

"You don't think I see the two of you? The way you gawk and giggle at everything in a pair of pants? Please." 

"That doesn't mean I don't pay attention in class, professor. I know the material." 

Rick leaned forward. "What is the Fertility Doctrine?" 

"It's..." Trinx cleared her throat. "It's what makes it so every child born in the world is injected with a formula which will neutralize their sperm or eggs. When two people get married, then they can apply to have the process reversed." 

"Not bad." Rick shrugged. "When was it established?" 

She blinked. "2050." 

"It was 2051." 

"Well, that's close!" 

"It is." Rick pondered for a moment. "I'll give you another chance. Who wrote the essays which ultimately started the Elimination Wars?" 

Trinx blinked. "It was..." 

"Surely you can remember." 

She sighed. "I can't remember the name." 

"It's in your paper." 

"Well, I forget right now. But I was paying attention." 

Rick smirked. "Then you would have known that there weren't any essays. They were webcasts." 

"So I forgot that, too..." 

"Who wrote the paper?" Rick shot out. 

"I did." 

"It wasn't Kevin?" 

Trinx shifted in her seat. "No." 

"Because he seems to want to get into your panties. And his usually stellar work was replaced by an overdue, clearly-rushed piece of mediocrity." Rick said, before shifting to a tone of facetious theorizing. "Almost as if he gave his essay to someone, and then had to write a new one at the last minute." 

"Maybe he just..." 

"What did you do for him? Tease him? Plant little fantasies for him to stroke off to?" 

"I didn't..." 

He raised his voice slightly. "I could just get you kicked out of the university. Failing you on your essay was a favor, so you should probably pay me back by being honest at this point." 

Trinx sighed. "I...did something for him. OK?" 

"What did you do?" 

"Just...a favor." 

"What kind of favor?" 

"What kind of pervert would ask?" She snarled. 

"Oh, so I'm a pervert, but it's fine for you to spread your legs for a good essay." Rick chuckled. "Technically, I believe that makes you a prostitute." 

"Fuck you. I didn't give him that." 

"What was it?" 

Trinx snarled. "It was a blowjob. Happy now? I sucked his cock, if you need to get off by hearing those words." 

"That's much better. So, do you still want to whine about your grade?" 

"No. You win, OK? Thanks for your fucking time." Trinx stood and started to walk out. 

She was back on her buttocks in an instant, with Rick holding her down against the chair. 

"What the..." She gasped. 

"I'm not even done playing." 

"What...what do you want?" Trinx eyed him cautiously. 

"We're going to talk about reparation, now. I'm letting you off with the zero on the essay. What are you going to do for me?" 

"I'll bake you a fucking cake." 

Rick shifted his hand to her cheek, stroking it. Trinx jerked away, which took her greatest effort at acting. 

"I think you can do more than that." 

"What, you want to stick your pathetic little dick in me?" 

He laughed. "What makes you think it's little?" 

"Aren't they all? Big brain, little cock. Like Kevin, felt like I was sucking on a gumdrop for two minutes." 

"Aww, how sad that he wasn't enough to meet your cocksucking standard." Rick snickered. 

"You think you're enough?" 

"I'm willing to wager. But you won't know unless you ask very nicely." 

Trinx guffawed. "Or I'll just walk out of here and leave you to jerk off." 

"And what would your daddy say when you got kicked out for academic fraud? No more allowance, free cars or off-campus rent." 

"How...how do you..." 

"I know everything about you, whore." Rick's hand slide to her neck, holding her throat lightly. "I thought you would drop by here today, even, and ready to blow me to get a better grade. Because I know that I'm one of the guys you talk about fucking." 

The blonde snorted. "Please. As if..." 

"Truth." Rick said simply as he tightened his grip. 

"OK..." Trinx gasped. "I have thought about it. You're sort of cute...for an older guy." 

"I'm touched. Now convince me to allow you to suck my fat fucking cock." 

Her eyes went wide. "What?" 

"Convince me." 

Trinx sighed. "Please. Please let me..." 

"Say it." 

"Please let me suck your cock..." 

Rick paused. "Say it like you mean it." 

"Please...I can't stop thinking about it...taking your fat prick in my mouth...please let me suck it...let me please you..." 

Trinx gently cupped Rick's crotch, feeling his swelling manhood through the fabric of his pants. Her eyes gazed pleadingly up at him, while his fingers flexed on her throat. 

"If you want it that badly..." 

Rick slid his hand off of her neck up to her head, stroking her hair softly. Trinx leaned forward in her chair as she released him from his pants. His enormous shaft slapped her square on the forehead, making her cry out in mock surprise. Her hand gripped it quickly, half from a sense of safety and half from raw lust. The warmth of it soothed her hand just as much as her touch pleased him. 

"Professor!" She giggled. "Can sincerity be retroactive?" 

"For you, yes." Rick grinned. 

Trinx tasted the underside of his meat, pressing it against her tongue as she slid upwards. 

"Oh my God. I really am not going to be able to stop thinking about this cock!" 

"Bigger than you expected?" 

"Yes!" Trinx smiled sheepishly as she kissed the tip. "And I'm sorry that I insulted it." 

She sucked at the head at first, leaning forward in her chair to keep it within range. Rick ran his fingers along and through her hair, appreciating the sight of the beauty servicing him. Trinx looked up at him as she started slurping at the first few inches, her eyes gleaming with decadent delight. 

"That's good...that's a good girl." 

Trinx mumbled in gratitude at the words. She gripped the base with one hand and downed the rest with her mouth, twisting her head as she pulled it back. Suddenly she felt it moving away from her, forcing her to lean forward more to keep it in her mouth. She looked down to see that he had stepped back. 

"Keep it in your mouth." Rick said with a cautionary tone. 

She grunted an affirmative. He moved back more, pulling her off of the chair completely and onto her knees. 

"We're moving to my bedroom. But you love sucking that cock so much, you don't want to let it go in order to walk. Right?" 

Trinx nodded. She shuffled on her knees as Rick slowly walked backwards, keeping his massive rod between her lips. They exited the office and turned to travel down the hallway. Trinx could only imagine how comical it must look to watch her wobbling on her knees. They passed three doors, each of which she had wished was the bedroom. Finally, Rick opened a door and led her to a bed, where he pulled his pants further down and eased himself onto the huge mattress. 

"MMmmm..." Trinx moaned in relief. She wrapped her arms around his lower back and took him deeper, opening up her throat to his length and girth. 

"Unbelievable..." Rick grunted, holding her head with more force. "You've done this a lot." 

She let out a muffled "yes" as she continued to swallow his schlong. He pulled her head further in, making her eyes widen briefly. 

"Yeah, you can take it..." 

"MMm-hmmm..." She hummed around him. Her hand went to his and helped him push, speeding up his efforts. 

"Oh, God..." Rick groaned softly while his hips bucked forward on their own. 

Trinx looked up at him as he face-fucked her. Her hair swung back and forth along the sides of her face as he force-fed her his rod. Rick looked back at her, his eyes unable to resist straying downward to her smooth lips and suctioning cheeks. The wet, spluttering sounds of his penetration filled his ears, accelerating his climb towards release. She gobbled him furiously, feeling his cock throb in her throat. It was easy to tell from his breaths and racing pulse that he was close to... 

"How about this?" Rick suddenly pulled her head back by her hair, yanking her off of him completely. The massive piece of dickmeat pulsed before her eyes. 

"H-how about what?" 

"Right now, you're looking at a zero on the paper. Remember?" 

She nodded. 

"If I can give you a little history lesson here, I'll let you trade papers with Kevin. He can get his "A", and you can get the "C minus" that his second paper deserved. I don't see why he should suffer because you took advantage of his deep appreciation for a sweet piece of ass." 

"Well, OK." Trinx shrugged. "What did you have in mind?" 

Rick let go of the girl, letting her squat on her knees. He pulled off his shoes, socks and pants completely, so that he could walk. Trinx watched as he pulled a band of black cloth out of a dresser drawer. 

"Strip." He said plainly, examining the band of cloth. 

"Um...sure." Trinx slipped out of her clothes as Rick pulled his shirt off, soon leaving both of them naked. 

Rick knelt behind her and swung the material over her eyes. She gasped at her sudden blindness as he pulled it taut and tied it behind her head. 

"Oh, shit." Trinx laughed nervously. "What are you doing, Professor?" 

"Just wait." 

He stood and pulled her to her feet. Following the feel of his hand in hers, he led her over to the far wall. She remembered what it looked like from when she first came into the room. It was gray and sectioned off into a dozen squares. There hadn't seemed to be anything to see, but that is where she knew that Rick had left her standing. 

Rick walked over to the corner and opened up a panel, unhesitatingly pressing a button. Trinx heard a smooth and yet distinctly mechanical sound from overhead, as if something was being lowered down to her. She held her hands low in front of her while her fingers fidgeted. 

"Do you know what a pillory is?" 

Trinx cocked her head. "Um...no." 

"It's something that was used for punishment hundreds of years ago. Primarily in what was known as England, before the unified world government went into effect." 

"I see." Trinx listened to the soft sound of his feet approaching. "So to speak. Am I going to get punished with it?" 

"Very much so." 

Rick took her right hand and put it out in front of her at chest level. Trinx felt it rest against something which curved down and then back up, like the inside of half of a hole. He did the same for the left hand, letting it rest inside the wooden semicircle. Finally, he pulled her head forward and down, so that her neck was aligned with her wrists. Trinx swallowed as she felt the hard surface against her throat. 

"Don't move." He instructed her firmly. 

"Um, alri..." 

Trinx was cut off by the sound of the wood against wood. Vibrations rattled through her at the impact of it. Instinctively, she tried to pull back, finding her head and both hands trapped in the device. 

"This is the pillory." Rick intoned in his most educational voice. "Uncomfortable, I've heard." 

"A little!" 

"Normally, the punishment would last for a few hours. You can imagine that you might be a little sore from standing like this." 

"I imagine so." Trinx tried to nod, only succeeding in bumping her head mildly against the pillory. 

"This is actually a little lower than the typical pillory, but then you won't be in it for as long as a few hours." 

"That's g...OOH!" 

Trinx had been interrupted by Rick's strong hand slapping her right asscheek. She found her voice again. 

"So this was...for spanking?" 

"Whipping, sometimes. And where do you imagine something like this would be set up?" 

"Um...in a courthouse?" 

"More likely to be in front of a courthouse." Rick chuckled. "Because the whole idea is for people to see you." 

Suddenly, Rick ripped the blindfold away. Trinx found herself looking through a window at a thirty-something man with a young boy by his side. They laughed as they looked back at her, making funny faces all the while. 

"AHHH! What the...??" Trinx again tried in vain to recoil. 

"It's not real." Rick laughed softly. "It's a video wall. There's a funhouse mirror out by the street, and this is filmed from behind it." 

Trinx blinked. She'd walked past that mirror, she recalled. A couple of months previously, if that. Perhaps he was watching then, putting some other girl through this... 

"But you will imagine being in the public square for everyone to see your punishment. You would probably have a sign hanging from the pillory which said "plagiarist" or something of the sort, to inform everyone of your crime. And, usually, they would laugh and throw things such as rotten food or mud at you." 

"Lovely." 

"But for you..." Rick gave her left asscheek a hearty smack as he walked behind her. "I have something more gratifying in mind." 

Trinx gasped as she felt his spongy cockhead press against her cunt. "You're going to fuck me in public?" 

"Do you imagine that you'll try to get someone else to do your work again?" 

"No. No, absolutely not!" 

"Then the punishment must be effective." Rick sank himself into her warm, wet embrace. 

"Oh, GOD!" Trinx grunted. "That is too big..." 

"I think you can handle it. The crowd might wonder how many other big dicks you've taken, though, since you can take this one." 

Trinx looked out at the display in front of her, where a middle-aged woman now appeared to be laughing at her. 

"Tell them you love it." 

"Oh, I love it..." 

"Louder." Rick pushed himself deeper inside of her. 

"OOOH...I LOVE it! I love getting fucked by a big cock!" 

"That's what the pillory was all about. Humiliation. Being put on display for everyone to see you, powerless to move or fight back against anything done to you..." 

Rick spanked her from his right side, making Trinx cry out. 

"You like that?" 

"Yes!" Trinx spat out. "Spank my ass...do anything you want!" 

He slapped her firm derriere in concert with his outward strokes, providing his hands room to maneuver. Trinx grunted and wiggled her hips at the rhythmic impacts. She continued to watch her audience, imagining being manhandled this way within sight of everyone. Rick watched her toned asscheeks ripple with the strike of his palm against them, while his long shaft drove into her cunt without mercy. Her pussylips sucked at his rod whenever it pulled away from her core, as if it never wanted to let it go. The sight made his pulse race. 

"OHhhh my God..." Trinx groaned loudly. "You are going to make me cum so hard..." 

Rick slowed his pace to a crawl. She strained in a fruitless effort to push back towards him. 

"What are you doing??" 

"Tell the crowd what you did, and I'll let you cum." Rick slipped back into her a few inches with an excruciating lack of speed. 

"I'm doing my punishment...now fuck me...come on!" 

"I might just leave you here, on the brink...wishing that some other man will get up here and get you off..." 

"Pleeeease..." Trinx whimpered, genuinely desperate for release. 

"Confess to the crowd." 

"Fine! I was wrong!" Trinx cried out. "I turned in someone else's paper..." 

"How did you get their paper?" 

"He gave it to me...come on, now...feed me that big cock..." Trinx nearly growled with desire. 

"Oh, he just gave it to you, for nothing? The way you expect me to give you cock for nothing?" Rick chuckled, deeply enjoying his control. 

"I sucked his dick! Happy? I swallowed a guy's load so he'd give me his paper!" 

Rick suddenly drove into her, deep and firm in his efforts. Trinx gasped. 

"Yes, that's it...let me cum...I need it..." 

"Scream for the crowd...show them what a dick-hungry whore you are..." 

"Yessss...I will..." Trinx began to lose herself in her approaching orgasm. 

She felt his hand on her head, and her hair fell into his grip within a moment. Rick pulled, pressing the back of her skull against the pillory. 

"OH, YESSS!" She screamed at the sensation. "Take me...fuck me...HARDER!" 

Rick's engorged cock sawed in and out faster and more forcefully, slick with Trinx's pussy juice. His hand yanked harder at her hair, pushing her over the brink. 

"OH, fuck fuck FUCK! CUMMMMMmmmminggGGGG!" Trinx's voice rolled in waves as she was overtaken with ecstasy. Her body bucked and quivered as her cries erupted from her throat. 

His lunges into her remained constant as he felt himself close to his own explosion. Trinx fell into a zone where she was no longer in climax, and yet was nowhere near her starting point. Her cunt maintained its efforts at clutching at the invading mass of cockmeat. 

"Ahhhh YES! Take that fucking load...OHH YESSSSsssssss..." Rick's guttural growl overpowered Trinx's waning cries of bliss. 

He watched the few inches of shaft near the base pulse and throb as the rest of it remained lodged deep in the nubile blonde's pussy. Trinx surprised herself by cumming again, spurred by the feel of being filled by one blast of hot spunk after another. 

Her eyes closed with the force of it. She felt her hair released, and the dick that had gone so deeply into her retreat inch by inch. As she was left on her own, she felt her knees buckle. The weight of her body fell to her neck, making her choke for a moment before Rick lifted her hips upward. He flipped a latch on the pillory, prompting the upper section to swing up at a ninety-degree angle. 

"Are you alright?" Rick asked as he set her body upright. 

Trinx swayed for a moment, laughing softly. "Wow. Yes. That was a little overwhelming." 

Rick led her back to the bed, placing a guiding and comforting hand on her lower back. He sat her down, taking a spot next to her. 

"I hope I wasn't too hard on you." 

"No, you were wonderful. I needed..." Trinx cleared her throat. "I needed to get out of myself for a bit, I guess." 

"What's wrong?" The words were as unexpected as they were sincere, two qualities which were inextricably connected in her line of work. 

"Nothing." She smiled. "You're quite the kinky devil, aren't you? I don't see too many people mount something like that in their homes." 

"That was actually here when I bought the place." 

Trinx tittered. "Liar." 

"No, the realtor didn't even know about it. It was a surprise for me as well." Rick smirked wickedly. "I'll admit that you aren't the first naughty girl to get put on display, though." 
