 Author's note: I apologize for the formatting lapse in Chapter 1. Hopefully this and future installments will read more smoothly. 

Also, you may expect a new chapter every 1-2 weeks. Delays can always occur, but I'll try to keep these coming steadily. Thank you for reading, and for your generous ratings so far! 

-Vanna 

***** 

Trinx stood in silence for a moment before announcing her presence. "What in the bloody hell is this?" 

"You've never seen it??" Lorra half-gasped. 

"Obviously not." 

"It's your story. A hooker finds true love in a rich client." 

Trinx looked at the screen dubiously as she sat on the loveseat next to her roommate. Lorra was wearing a plain "wife-beater" shirt with a pair of pink shorts. Her hair was still slightly damp from an apparent bathing. Even more apparent as Trinx inhaled the faint, enticing scent of her shampoo. 

"When was this made? A hundred years ago?" 

"Even more. A hundred and nine, I think." 

"Jeebus." 

"It's still good." Lorra rolled her eyes. "But I guess your story is a little different. This one isn't a love triangle." 

"Lucky girl." 

"Really! And how was your date?" 

Trinx shrugged dismissively, still watching the screen. 

"That's good, in a way. A love triangle is complicated enough. You don't need a love...what would that be, with three men? A 'love square', maybe?" 

"Maybe." Trinx pondered. "But the point that's diagonal to me wouldn't touch me. All the points should touch me. Symbolically speaking, I mean." 

"Or literally." Lorry giggled. 

"Oh, hush." Trinx subtly nodded towards the screen. "What's it called?" 

"'Pretty Woman'". 

Trinx shrugged. "She's not that pretty." 

"I think she is." 

"Oh, do you?" 

Lorra giggled as she looked to see what appeared to be Julia Roberts wearing Trinx's clothes. 'Julia' raised her eyebrow playfully. 

"I didn't say it would be an improvement, though." 

"Oh! Well, then." Trinx shifted back to her previous form. She repeated the eyebrow motion. 

Lorra laughed. "Stop. I can't pay you a compliment without you getting all wet." 

"You can't breathe without making me wet." Trinx said, a few shades of tone away from being fully serious. 

Lorra looked at her for a moment. "Come here." 

Her roommate obeyed. Lorra gave her a quick kiss, then leaned back and pulled Trinx's head to rest gently on her upper chest. They both sighed softly as Trinx loosely wrapped her arms around Lorra. 

"A love pyramid!" Lorra realized. "That way they would all touch..." 

"Hush, love." Trinx interrupted with a delicate little laugh. 

***** 

"Hello, lover." 

Trinx blushed at the very sight of him. For the briefest of moments, she had no memory of Rick, or being conflicted at all between two rich, charming men who knew how to bring her to dangerous levels of sexual satisfaction. His dark, slightly graying hair rolled in waves, every hair seeming to be meticulously placed. His eyes were blue, a touch lighter than Trinx's. She was torn at the sight of his tuxedo. He looked magnificent, but she wondered if her little red dress was inappropriate. 

"Hi." Trinx said softly. "Is this...?" 

Beau watched her look down at her own dress. "It's perfect. Like you." 

She bit her lip in a smile, which would have been an adorable bit of acting. If it had been an act. 

"Please." Beau gracefully motioned for her to come inside. 

It was much more modern than Rick's house, although she wasn't making any conscious comparisons just yet. The wealth was obvious, and his taste was impeccable. 

"Only the finest." Beau said, almost as if reading her thoughts. Trinx observed the table, set with the most expensive china and silverware, along with three courses of gourmet fare and a champagne bottle in a gold ice bucket. 

"Beau...this is too much for just me." 

"Nonsense." Beau pulled a chair slightly back, and Trinx accepted the invitation to sit. "Some of it is for me." 

She giggled softly as he sat across from her. He immediately went to work on the champagne, soon pouring spirits for both of them. Beau offered her a glass, which Trinx took. She waited as he lingered at the precipice of making a toast. 

"To the best things in life." He finally said, punctuated by the clinking of glasses. 

"Some say the best things in life are free." Trinx said swiftly, halting Beau as he was about to drink. 

"Perhaps. But are you going to believe nameless cliché-merchants, or me?" 

"Oh, when you put it that way, you make me feel rather silly." 

"It's part of your charm." Beau smiled suavely. 

"Thank goodness for that!" 

They drank, each managing to keep an appreciative eye on the other as they tipped their glasses upwards. 

***** 

His touch was delicate, almost reverent, just as she had grown accustomed to. Beau had peeled her dress from her with such surgical subtlety that she didn't even realize her nakedness until his fingertips alighted upon her hips. Trinx began to play catch-up, pulling Beau's jacket and shirt off with less gentleness. 

He walked her backwards towards the bed, ultimately pushing her backwards onto it. She laughed at the uncharacteristic gesture, gazing up at him as he finished the stripping job she had begun. Trinx's hair sprawled out wildly from her head, and her fingers teased the undersides of her breasts as if of their own volition. The expression on her face was utterly serious, suddenly, gazing at him with unbridled need. 

She parted her legs automatically as he crawled over her. Beau kissed her, deeply, eliciting soft moans of desire from her. Trinx gripped his shoulders, rubbing his muscles soothingly. The prosthetic member was poised at her entrance, already starting to hum pleasantly as her folds opened like the bloom of a rose... 

"Stop." 

Beau blinked. "What is it?" 

Trinx looked up at him with wide eyes. "Why me?" 

"Trinx..." 

"Yes, I know about the war. Many women can't deal with your injury. But how many can?" 

Beau sighed. "I'm tired of searching for those women." 

"They can't be that hard to find. And women much more beautiful than me..." 

"There are no such women." Beau said, almost sharply. 

Trinx smiled at the sentiment, but pressed on. "Smarter women." 

"You are much smarter than you believe. Or than you pretend." 

"More respectable women." 

Beau hesitated. "You don't think I respect you?" 

"No, I do. But perhaps you shouldn't." 

"Trinx..." 

"I'm a fucking whore, Beau." 

"Stop that." 

"It's a fact, lover. So why the wining and dining? I appreciate it...it's wonderful...but I don't deserve it." 

"It's not for you to say. I think you are more than what you are. If that is clear, at all." 

Trinx paused, her eyes scanning his face. "Yes, I think it is. So where does this go?" 

"Trinx..." 

"Please." 

Beau sighed, more deeply than he had previously. "I don't know." 

"Do you think about me...quitting?" 

"I don't think you want to get invested in me." 

"Why in blazes would I not want that?" 

"There are things I can't tell you. And which make my presence here uncertain." 

Trinx's eyes widened. "Beau..." 

"I'm not saying that I'm dying or anything." Beau smiled in an almost imperceptible manner. "But while I'm here, for whatever time that is, I deeply enjoy your company, whether simply talking or immersing myself in your incomparable sexual splendor." 

"Dive in, then..." She said suddenly. 

And just as quickly, he granted her wish. 

***** 

The couple rested together, enjoying an extended session of post-orgasmic nuzzling and nibbling. 

"I forgot to ask, for some strange reason..." Beau's voice oozed over the surface of her eardrums, "how you enjoyed the meal?" 

Trinx chuckled. "It was amazing, Beau...like everything you do for me." 

"Excellent. I long to satisfy you in every possible way." 

"You do..." 

With no warning, his lips were snared by hers. She nibbled lightly at his tongue, playfully, yet signaling the true depth of her desire. Beau used her body as if learning an instrument; he found various tones and sounds with the strokes and gentle pinches over the different areas of flesh. He shifted his focus to her breasts, teasing the full scope of her perfect orbs with his lips, while conspicuously avoiding her nipples. 

"Please..." Trinx gasped, rolling her head backwards sharply. 

"In time..." 

Much like his treatment of her mounds, Beau's fingers tap-danced along her inner thighs, occasionally tracing over the soft, trimmed blond fuzz that decorated her pussy. One of Trinx's hands found a home on the back of his head, the other on the wrist of his tormenting hand. Neither hand enjoyed any success in their impatient goals. 

Beau elevated his attentions, rubbing the tip of his index finger along the folds of her labia. The divide opened under his touch, letting it slide shallowly within it. Her juices coated his skin, clinging to him. Trinx moaned progressively louder as he began to lap at her sensitive nipples, while teasing her twat more aggressively. His finger extended its range, barely brushing against her clit every few strokes. 

She was twisting her hips on the bed, as if blindly groping about for deeper penetration, when he slid down and snatched her clit between his lips. 

"OH, GOD!" Trinx arched her back and grabbed at his head with abandon. "Oh OH OHHH my G...uuuuaaaaaAAAAHHH!" 

Beau showed no mercy as she writhed under his attentions, her body visibly racked with overwhelming waves of pleasure. 

"Beaauuu..." 

He released her, softly blowing over her still-quivering snatch. She trembled with each breath, gasping. 

"I love how you look in that state." Beau chuckled. "Even more beautiful than usual." 

Trinx laughed as she regained control of herself. She pulled Beau upwards, kissing him deeply. The presence of his vibrating prosthetic loomed at her gates. 

"Make love to me." She ordered him as the kiss broke off. "Or, even better..." 

Trinx rolled Beau onto his back, hovering over him. She rubbed his cockhead against her tenderness, making it glisten with her juices. Every minute or so, she would bear down slightly, granting the illusion of penetration before continuing the tease. 

"Take it..." Beau grunted. 

"In time." Trinx giggled. 

The sight of him was worth the wait. His tightly-toned chest and arms below her made her long to bring him inside her, while the distinct pleasure of the torturous extension inspired her to continue. Beau's fingers traced along her cheek, lovingly, as his eyes met hers. Trinx sucked his index finger into her mouth as she slipped her aching twat down upon him. 

"Ohhhh..." Beau grunted deeply, both from the sensation and from the extra pressure on his finger as she bit down. 

"Ahhhhhh Beau..." Trinx let his finger slip out as she closed her eyes and let her jaw drop open. She planted her hands on his chest, rocking her hips in smooth, broad circles. 

"Take it..." 

"Always..." 

Trinx hooked her feet on the inside of his firm inner thighs, rolling her pelvis back and forth. Her back arched, making her arms a perfect frame for her exquisite breasts. Beau reveled in his view, just as much as she had enjoyed hers a few minutes previously. 

Her hips served as his hands' resting place, while he didn't try to influence her movements. Trinx was given the control, fucking him in no uncertain terms. Normally, a client would only allow ten or so minutes of this ride, wanting to change to another position; this was Trinx's show, and Beau let her have it for as long as she desired. She took him with an incomparable hunger, her twat sucking at his shaft furiously. Her tempo was deliberate, while her force seemed to be unrestrained. 

Beau bathed in her erotic glory, watching her reach her peak while she kept him at a high simmer. Her hair flowed free over her shoulders, partially obscuring her face while leaving her eyes and mouth perfectly framed. She gazed down at him as she finally increased her pace. The soft gasp, grunt or sigh of one would be promptly addressed by the other, as if an extended conversation without words. Beau groaned louder at a pulse of sexual bliss, digging his fingers into her supple thighs in response. 

"Trinx...slow..." 

"No...I want it..." 

"I want you to...cum again..." Beau almost seemed to cough out the end of the phrase. 

"I will...fuck me..." 

Beau shifted gears, pushing his hips upward as far as hers would allow. 

"There..." 

"Yesss...more...a little more..." Trinx gasped loudly. 

"Trinx...I..." 

"Yess?" 

"I lo..." He caught himself, his eyes widening for the briefest of moments before clenching shut. "Oh, Godddd..." 

"Yessss...YESSS!!" Trinx trembled and cried out, gripping Beau's thick, vibrating cock tightly. 

"Ohhh, Triiiinxxx..." Beau moaned as he erupted along with her. 

She rode out the storm, feeling every pulsing squirt of his cum coat her inner walls. Her quim clenched intermittently, as if to draw out any straggling sperm from him. With a satisfied sigh, she slumped down onto him, lazily kissing him. They remained fused together as their breaths slowed. 

"Were you about to say something?" Trinx finally said, trying to keep her face straight. 

"No, not really." Beau had less success in feigning sincerity. 

"Oh, my mistake." She rested her head on her hand, the fingers of her other hand tracing over his upper chest. 

"Nobody's perfect." 

"I suppose." Trinx snickered, and then turned genuinely serious. "I know that this isn't usually the kind of conversation that men have with their whores..." 

"Now, I told you..." 

"Shut up." Trinx said, with utter steadiness. "But, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted... I love you, too." 

Beau, uncharacteristically, had no words. He simply kissed her, which was eloquent enough. 

***** 

"I love you too..." 

The phrase echoed in her head throughout the cab ride home. It was willful, almost scripted in her head, and yet it felt as if it had slipped out like a dirty secret. And it was out there, as if it was a virus released into the atmosphere; irretrievable and threatening to destroy everything. 

"No, you're being silly." Trinx whispered aloud to herself, spurring a curious glance from the driver. Beau was going to say it. The truncated phrase was unmistakable. And his reaction was just as clear in its embrace of her admission. There was no hesitation, no trepidation at her emotional trespassing. 

The caution belonged to her, exclusively. Her type did not love, simply put. It was part of why she started off in the form an elderly vagrant man; ignored while she could learn the language and the ways of this new planet. Even better, a prostitute could not expect love, and should have a fail-safe if she ever wanted to express such a thing; for what human can genuinely value a woman who sells her affections for cash? 

"Love..." The cabbie muttered. 

"What...what about it?" Trinx sputtered. 

"No, I'm calling you 'love'. We've arrived, dearie." The older man chuckled softly. 

***** 

"No, no...not on...AHHH! Jeeezus!! Oh, you dirty FUCK!" 

Trinx snickered as she prepared her breakfast. Lorra's voice surely carried down a couple of hundred floors to the street, as loud and heavy as it thundered throughout the small apartment. 

Minutes later, Lorra entered the kitchen, wearing her favorite bathrobe and a cross face. That cross face was also damp, clearly having been washed immediately prior. 

"Oh, that man!" She said, without even seeming to have noticed Trinx. "I may..." 

"What?" Trinx smirked with curiosity at the abandoned statement. 

Lorra dropped her voice as she looked at her roommate. "I may have to pay you to take a load or two from him." 

Trinx giggled. "Oh, really?" 

"No, not really." Lorra walked up to her, quieting herself even further. "He's just so damn randy all of the time, now! Ever since I first let him have a go at me, it's like I signed over my twat for mining rights or something." 

"Oh, my." 

"Honestly, every time I want to just talk, he uses my mouth for other things." 

"Well, I'm always glad to lend you a hand. Even if it means lending him my hand." 

"No, really, I was joking." Lorra walked to the refrigerator and grabbed a drink. 

"You like it, though, don't you?" 

"Do hush up, please." 

"Admit it!" Trinx laughed. 

Lorra rolled her eyes. "I sort of do, but I have my limits! I just don't know how you take it." 

The blond chuckled as she watched her friend walk back towards the bedrooms. 

"Especially on your face!" Lorra said in a harsh whisper, twisting her mouth into a vision of disgust before disappearing down the hallway. 

***** 

The image of Beau pumping into her felt so right, and yet so horribly wrong. It probably was the presence of his hand on her throat, making her gasp for breath. He smiled as she struggled, holding his wrist with both hands. Her legs wrapped tight around him, holding herself in place through the standing fuck. 

"This is more what you expect, isn't it?" He breathed cruelly at her. "As the fucking whore you proclaim to be." 

Trinx nodded, not as much as an admission as because she could imagine no other action to take. 

"And like a whore, I know you don't mind entertaining others." 

Her eyes widened at the words, and even more as she felt another cock pushing at her sphincter. Without even looking, she recognized it as belonging to Rick. 

"Nooo!" She grunted out, just before Rick slipped past her defenses. 

"Best of both worlds, right?" He laughed in her ear from behind. Rick's hands mauled her tits as he shoved what felt like a never-ending mass of meat into her tighter tunnel. 

"FUCKKKK!!" The call girl screamed helplessly, wedged between her two favorite clients. 

"Only a slut wants to feel this..." Beau growled. 

"And you obviously want both of us." Rick moaned as he finally nestled his full balls against her asscheeks. "Or else you would choose." 

"No...both of you..." Trinx gasped at herself. "I mean..." 

"We heard you." The two men said in chorus. 

"No, I mean...I don't know that I can choose! You're both so...wonderful..." 

Trinx slipped into acceptance of the dual invasion, feeling her body loosen and grow accustomed to their synchronized thrusts. Their forceful breaths assaulted her flesh in tandem, seeming to be two exhaust vents of the same mechanical contraption. A machine designed for her pleasure, oiled and calibrated for maximum effectiveness, and running at full steam. 

"So good...both of you...in...me..." Trinx gasped out the words, feeling herself approaching her familiar zenith. 

"Cum for us, whore..." The pair spoke in unison again. 

"I will..." 

"NOW!" 

She jerked as if given an electric shock. "Yesss...OH, yessssSSSSSS!! FUCK ME...fuuuck mmmmeeeEEEEEE..." 

Her naked body rolled on the sheets as her eyelids tore apart, racked with the force of the orgasm. One hand split its fingers between her two holes, the other hand gripping her wrist as if to push her digits deeper. 

"AH...AHHHhhh...Oh, fuckkk..." Trinx caught her breath, pulling her hand free from her clutching orifices. "Fuck me..." 

***** 

"You look lovely, child!" 

The words never grew old. 

"I do hope you're doing well, Trinxie dear." 

"I am, grandma." Trinx smiled. "Just fine." 

"Keeping all the men at bay, I hope?" 

"I'm trying." She chuckled. 

"Those shorts show off your legs quite nicely." Francine's words were not as complimentary as they would seem, considering the look of concern on her face. "You're not...still...earning your money immorally, are you?" 

"No, grandma. Your baby Trinxie doesn't do that anymore." 

"I'm so very glad. You're too sweet, child. Too pretty. You don't look like you've aged a day since you left your mother's house." 
