 Author's Note: Just a short tale inspired by a random comment on the Erotic Mind Control Archives forums.

*****

It was a grey, overcast day as Coyote, in a human skin, walked through the mall. It was close to a major holiday and most of the people around him gave off a delicious aura of happiness and desperation, wistfulness and disappointment. The god smiled at the balance of things. 

It always bothered him that mortals called him a 'trickster', when he viewed himself as a 'balancer'. As with most of his fellow gods and godlings, he valued harmony in life. Where there was joy, there needs to be despair somewhere in the mix. Where there was anger, there must also be love, and so on. Of course, the godly view of most of these terms were not the same as what these meatbags viewed them as, but that was unimportant to the god wearing the dapper looking young man costume as he wandered.

He caught a whiff of unbalance and spied a woman dithering over a clothing display, practically broadcasting her thoughts. 'I never know what to get Joe. We've been married for over thirty years now and he has pretty much everything he could want.'

Coyote reached out to 'Joe's' mind to see if this was true, and of course it was not. The lack of balance caused an ache in Coyote's being and he set to correcting it. 

Evelyn suddenly had a small brainstorm. It had been years since she really tried to make herself look nice for Joe. Maybe he would appreciate it if she got herself a makeover? Coyote followed as she found a salon nearby and asked for a new hairstyle. The hairdresser sighed to herself as she looked at what she had to work with. If she had a nickel for every dumpy middle-aged lady that hoped a new hairdo would make her special, she could retire by now.

She looked at Evelyn with a critical eye. Average height, a little overweight. Nothing special for a figure, although it was hard to tell under that shapeless outfit. Pudgy face, slightly large nose, so-so complexion that would have benefited from a better care regimen over the last decade. Her hair was strong, at least, although rather short and thinning a bit. Dark brunette, it would dye well enough if that is what she wanted.

Settling her in place, Ashlynn began to comb and brush it as she looked it over. Oddly, it was a bit longer and thicker than she originally thought, and had plenty of attractive highlights. As she began to work on it, she did not quite notice it getting longer and lighter as she worked. By the time she was all done, Evelyn looked at her long, flowing chestnut blonde hair and shook it like a shampoo commercial, smiling as each shiny strand settled back in place. She tipped the stylist and sought out her next destination, Coyote following along.

The upscale department store anchoring the mall had the extensive cosmetic department Evelyn needed for Joe. She was soon settled in for a professional make-over under Annette's critical eye. Annette grimaced to herself over Evelyn's skin, thinking that there should be laws against this sort of cruelty.

She did not seem to notice that everywhere she applied the rather expensive foundation, Evelyn's skin responded as if the stuff actually rejuvenated the way the bottle claimed. Small wrinkles were fading, pores were shrinking, fatty deposits dissolving, elasticity redeveloping. The eye shadow seemed to really make her brown eyes seem more like a brilliant green and did wonders for her eyebrows and lashes. 

Annette was so pleased to see the make-up going on so well and working so nicely that she did not even notice that Evelyn's eyes, nose, cheeks, and even lips were physically changing shape- subtly, to be sure, but when Evelyn removed the make-up later, she would be amazed at how much younger she looked... if she quite noticed it.

The much younger and prettier-looking Evelyn was delighted with the job and bought a nice supply of cosmetics so she could recreate the look at home. For now, however, she made a bee-line for the tanning spa for a tan and a massage. 

Several hours and hundreds of dollars later, Joe answered the door to a beautiful young woman nearly buried in shopping bags. "Heeeyyyy Joe! Baby! Sorry I was gone so long!"

"Wh... who are you?" 

"It's me, Joe! I got my hair and things done, but it is still me, silly."

"Lisa?" Joe guessed, staring at what a small part of his brain calculated as DD or E breasts barely held in by a halter top, thinking it might be Evelyn's youngest and hottest... but not this hot... sister.

She laughed musically. "You are such a kidder, stud. Come on, help me carry this stuff in so I can fuck your brains out." She grabbed a few bags and swayed her shapely hips into the bedroom. Joe quickly grabbed the rest and followed, entranced by her swaying hips and intoxicating scent.

Coyote was leaning on her car outside, enjoying the rebalancing, and thinking about the all the fun it would cause as Evelyn tried to convince co-workers, friends, and family that the younger, prettier, and yes, sluttier woman she was now had not changed at all. Eh, he had some time to kill. He 'watched' a while longer.

The couple had barely divested themselves of the their loads when Evelyn lept on Joe and wrapped her gorgeous legs around him and ground her already soaking groin against his. She began to try to peel off his clothes without loosening her python-like embrace or slowing down slathering him with kisses from her juicy lips.

It took a couple minutes for Joe's thoughts to gain traction, but when they did, he made short work of the tight, skimpy clothing she was wearing and tossed the tan, voluptuous young girl on his bed before he struggled out of the last of his clothes. Her eyes were alternating between his eyes and his crotch. As soon as the head of his hard cock was revealed, she grabbed at it and gave him a look that dripped a happy mix of love and lust before she took him in her mouth.

The old Evelyn never did oral or much fancier than the occasional woman-on-top, but the new Evelyn apparently had no inhibitions and a broad reservoir of previously untapped skills. Joe had never felt such delicious agony as he did now- it was like his cock and balls were trapped in a high-tech cocksucking machine- the sensations of fondling, licking, heat, wet, alternating pressures, twisting, stroking, and more blended seamlessly into an explosion that left his knees and mind weak.

As Evelyn pushed Joe back onto the bed and straddled his waist, Coyote withdrew most of his attention and realized that he really, really needed to get laid. He could not think of how long it had been since he and... what was her name? That minor Indian deity of pleasure? Whatever, since they got together last. That was probably why he went with this sort of scenario. Such simplistic manipulations were usually beneath him.

Coyote remanifested himself back at the mall, but kept an 'eye' on Joe and Evelyn, enjoying the confusion as Joe tried to convince her that she had changed, but to her eye, that WAS her in the family photos going back almost forty years, even though her new ID (Coyote was mischievous, not evil) said she was 22. Joe almost lost his mind when she opened her closet to show him all her clothes- all suited for a vivacious, slender-but-chesty girl with exhibitionist tendencies instead of the dumpy old stuff Joe expected to see. Joe was not sure which of them was going crazy now and Coyote chuckled. That was the sort of thing he was aiming for.

In the meantime, several other people caught Coyote's attention. Classic teen/mom conflict- he just barely caught himself preparing to turn them into identical twin bimbettes, but 'been there, done that'. Nothing better came to mind, so... He chuckled as he watched a man walking with his pretty and obedient leashed pet slave, remembering when she was a shrewish harridan wife before he harmonized their relationship. They both seemed happy now. More brownie points for him!

Coyote's attention was suddenly riveted to a gorgeous blonde bombshell near a lamp post, whose loose dress was caught in a sudden gust and fluttered around her waist. It reminded him of what he did to what's her name? Norma Baker? From back in the day. This babe reminded him a bit of good old Norma... but she had an aura of... something godly? Who IS she?

He approached, noting that she was smiling at him like a spider at the center of her web might. A mortal might have had a second thought, but Coyote was intrigued. "Hey big boy. Happy to see me, or is that a gun in your pocket?"

"Hey babe! it's all for you. So, what's your name?"

"Umm, tell you what- just call me Trixie. Let's not complicate things with real names. What should I call you?"

"OK, call me... Bond. James Bond. Double-O Seven. License to thrill!" 

Trixie laughed lightly and musically even as Coyote caught her delightful scent. It made him horny and a bit dizzy, and was frustratingly familiar. "So, babe, what's the plan?"

"My plan is to find a good-looking guy who is interested in a good time, and take him to my room in the hotel upstairs, then to enjoy him for as long as he lasts. Then I'll probably kick him out and find another. You?"

"My plan is to find a suitably hot playmate, take her to a nearby room, and fuck her till she breaks... if that is not being too crude."

"Mmmm... I like my men a bit crude. Crude, and strong, and with lots of endurance. How about it? My place?"

The two were soon making out on the elevator, the heat coming off them was making the paint blister and singed the edges of the certificate of occupancy. Trixie could barely get the keycard in the socket with her trembling hands.

They left a trail of hastily discard clothing between the door and bed and she was double-fisting his meaty cock even as he was sucking on her oh-so-very tasty fat tits. Coyote was nearly delirious with joy at being back in the saddle. Almost as if by magic, he was on top of the deliciously soft blonde, thrusting deeply into her. He was feeling a bit light-headed as he came for the second or third time in her silky, tight depths. It was like he could ride his sperm leaving him and travelling deeply into her.

He felt his cock sliding along her slick, hot walls, sliding, pounding down into her over and over, sliding, pounding, deeper and deeper, harder and harder... cuming again and again with the sensations, with the friction and pressure and pleasure. Mind swirling, groins thrusting, body shaking. It felt so good- all this sensation, the smells, the sounds, the pressure, the incredible thrusting, the slipping and sliding. It felt so wonderful that she just laid back and let the well-endowed man pound into her. 

Another orgasm swept over Jamie Bond, stealing away even more of those odd memories of being a man, much less a god. How silly that a horny girl like her should have memories, no, dreams like that. Dreams of... well, whatever they were, she stopped worrying about them and let Trixie? Tricky? Tricky Dick? Just fuck her silly. It had been so long since she was so well and thoroughly plumbed. She did not give any thought to the odd laugh that Tristan gave as she thought that, she just reveled in the sensations lifting her to yet another climax.

As Jamie laid in the afterglow, even as Dick kept up the incredible sex, she reflected on the memories flooding into addled mind. How much she loved sex, and men, even women. How much she was looking forward to the rest of her vacation and what sort of guy she would pick up next.

A few orgasms later, when Dick finally unleashed himself into her, Jamie rested comfortably, visions of cocks floating in her head.

'Dick' stepped through a handy portal into his chambers on the other end of the Rainbow Bridge and peeled off the confining 'dapper young man' skin, sighing as his long, curled horns unwrapped themselves.

Loki/'Dick' stretched and conjured up more appropriate garb. "Damned upstart godlings. That should keep the lazy bastard busy for a couple decades. Being a trickster is hard enough without beings like him giving it a bad name."