 "How was your date?" Lorra asked. 

Trinx had barely entered the apartment when the question was posed. She looked at the movie on the screen in silence, softly shutting the door. Lorra turned to look at her. 

"Oh, Trinx...what on Earth?" 

She knew that her mascara had run, at least. It felt as if her eyeballs had been hollowed out with a drill, and she could only imagine how dead they must have seemed to someone else. Her roommate came into her field of vision, looking directly at her. Lorra wore what Trinx assumed she had gone to work in, suggesting that she had endured a long day of her own. 

"Are you OK??" 

Trinx nodded and then promptly broke out in tears. 

"Ohh, dear. Come on." 

Lorra led her into the bathroom, sitting her on the closed toilet as she ran a bath. While the tub filled, she dabbed at Trinx's eyes, drying them. Lorra sat in a role of silent comfort until it was time to shut the water off. Gently, Lorra slipped the clothes from Trinx's body and guided her into the tub. The blonde slowly sunk into the hot water. She closed her eyes and sighed with mild relief. Lorra baptized her in a manner, pushing her head back to get her hair wet. The golden strands floated on the surface of the water, a sight which Lorra couldn't help but to fix her eyes upon. Trinx looked up at her and smiled softly as she seemed to catch her in the suddenly awkward moment. Lorra's face slowly changed to reflect the expression. 

"Do you want to talk about it?" Lorra asked as she pulled Trinx up above the water again. 

Trinx nodded, but said nothing. Her roommate waited patiently, sitting on the tiled floor next to the tub. 

"People suck." Trinx abruptly said. 

"I see." 

"Don't say it." The grin on Trinx's face was a welcome sight. 

"I have no idea what you might be referring to." Lorra snickered. 

"Of course. The date was fine. A little sweaty, but alright otherwise." Trinx sniffled slightly. "I ran into Detective Jellico after." 

"Oh, fuck." 

"No, just a blowjob this time." Trinx giggled despite herself, but only briefly. "I hate that vile piece of sloth shit." 

"Well, don't hold back on my account." 

"Sometimes I wish you weren't one of them." 

Lorra swallowed. "Well, maybe you can restrain yourself a little." 

Trinx sighed. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean that." 

"I rather like being human, honestly." 

"And you should." Trinx shot out. "You should. In my world, there's no...individuality. It's like a straight line. You do what you're supposed to, or you're baggage to be disposed of. But here, you balance each other out. You take the bad with the good." 

"Quite right." Lorra offered a sympathetic grin. 

"So I take the bad, like Detective Jellico, so that I can have the good...like you." 

Lorra hesitated, as if about to speak. Suddenly, she leaned over the edge of the tub and kissed Trinx deeply. Trinx's eyes split wide open, a moment before her eyeballs rolled in her head and their lids drifted shut. She wrapped her arms around Lorra, feeling the fabric of her clothing turn wet at her touch. In turn, Lorra's hands stopped where Trinx's back touched the tub, leaving her palms to rub against the sides of her breasts. 

"Wait..." Trinx gently broke away, but remaining close. "You're not like this..." 

"I'm not?" 

"No...you have a boyfriend, remember?" 

"Trinx, love..." Lorra looked deep in her eyes. "I give something rather less than a fuck about Dex right now." 

"We have so much in common." 

Lorra returned her passionate lips to Trinx, moaning softly as her naked, nubile roommate increased her intensity. She pulled Lorra closer, making her slide fully over the edge of the tub and into the warm water. The redhead squealed at the sensation. 

"Trinx!! You dirty fuck!" 

"I feel rather clean, really." 

"Oh hush." Lorra giggled. "Put your mouth to better use." 

Trinx lost herself in the experience in an instant, tearing Lorra's blouse open. Several buttons flew off with the force of it, making Lorra gasp. She feasted on the ample flesh of her breasts, kissing and biting while leaving some of it protected by her drenched, white bra. 

"Ohh, love..." Lorra moaned softly. "I want you tonight..." 

Trinx pulled Lorra's skirt down, getting help as Lorra pushed it off of her completely and hurled it out of the tub. She straddled Trinx, her soaked underwear proving no cover for the sake of modesty. Trinx continued to nip and nibble at Lorra's tits, finally catching the clasp in the middle and unlatching it with her teeth. 

"Yes, there...my nipples are so fucking hard for you..." 

Even a hooker such as Trinx had to blush at the aggressive, uncharacteristic words. Any thoughts were pushed out of her mind quickly, though, as she focused on the aptly-described nipples in question. She flicked them with her tongue, one to the other, and pinched them ever-so-gently between her incisors. Her hands wandered down to Lorra's hips, ultimately finding their place on their respective asscheeks. She squeezed firmly, yet not harshly. 

"Oh, this is too much!" Lorra laughed, getting up and out of the tub. She pulled Trinx out forcefully. Trinx started to grab for a towel, then changed her mind. 

"Fuck it!" Trinx snickered. "I suppose I'll just change my sheets!" 

The full-figured redhead tugged Trinx into the bedroom, bringing her to into a kiss once they reached the edge of the bed. Trinx slipped the bra off of Lorra's shoulders, tossing it aside. They locked each other into an embrace, naked and wet from head to toe. Their firm nipples played with each other's, rubbing and then sliding away before returning for another round. 

Trinx sank herself into their kiss, thrilled at a second opportunity to be intimate with Lorra. They moaned into each other, softly, drawing out the anticipation of everything that was to come. Lorra made subtle pulls at Trinx, signaling her to get onto the bed. The young blonde resisted, pretending that she didn't notice them. She knew that she would make Lorra even more driven if she teased her. 

The act of being thrown onto the bed told Trinx that her teasing had worked. Lorra climbed over her, kissing her briefly before sliding down to lap at her tits. Trinx lay back, feeling the sheet get saturated beneath her, becoming drenched in perfect concert with her pussy. She was more talented than she had been the last time, Trinx thought. Lorra's licks were smoother and more confident. 

It may have been because their coupling six months previous had been Lorra's first sexual experience with another woman, Trinx considered. Or maybe because that encounter had stemmed from Trinx comforting her after breaking up with a boyfriend, so Lorra had gone along with it just to get her mind onto other things. Or, perhaps, Lorra had grown more comfortable with bisexuality, and had felt her amorous emotions for her roommate blossom... 

Trinx had her train of thought thrown off by a feminine finger sliding slowly along the saturated lips of her pussy. Her eyes drifted closed. 

"Oh, love..." Trinx moaned softly at the sensation, her hips twisting in a small figure eight pattern. "Such a delicate touch..." 

"I want to make you feel so good tonight." Lorra said between laps at Trinx's hardened nipples. 

"Just tonight?" Trinx tittered. 

The sudden absence of Lorra's lips and finger made Trinx open her eyes and look up. Lorra gazed at her, her hair hanging down in damp waves around her face. 

"I don't know." She said plainly. "I do care for Dex, but...I have to think about some things. I hope you'll let me do that on my own?" 

"Of course." Trinx nodded. "I would never pressure you." 

Lorra smiled, her grin widening as Trinx bucked at the return of the redhead's fingertip between her labia. Lorra planted a long, slow kiss between Trinx's breasts, the first in a serpentine series down her taut belly. Trinx watched, captivated with the suspense as Lorra left a trail behind her loving lips. Her breath caught as Lorra slipped her finger deeper, feeling the wetness inside as well as that of her skin. Lorra hovered under Trinx's belly button, her warm breaths falling upon her flesh and seeming to ooze into the tiny opening in Trinx's twat which was created with a single finger. 

The blond girl's fingers stroked lovingly over her roommate's hair, both as a sign of affection and in silent encouragement. Trinx had desperately hoped that she would lick her pussy during their last encounter, but Lorra had only fingered her and gone at her with the strap-on dildo. Sucking at her slit seemed to be a higher level of sexuality that Lorra was not yet comfortable with. The hope returned now, with reinforcements, as Lorra lingered at that boundary. Mere inches away from taking that plunge into full Sapphic splendor, while her finger teased Trinx with hints of such promise. 

"Oh, God!" Trinx cried out as Lorra jammed her finger into her eager cunt, twisting it around in slow circles. "Yesss..." 

"So beautiful..." Lorra blew softly on Trinx's twat. "So sweet, so loving...I owe you so much..." 

Suddenly, Lorra's finger was gone, replaced by her full, firm lips. She kissed at Trinx's tenderness, much as she had first kissed her other pair of lips. The meshing was hesitant and yet not cautious; she adjusted to this novelty while clearly not apt to reject it. Trinx propped herself up on one elbow, her other hand continuing to caress Lorra's scarlet locks. Their eyes met, locking on each other's while Lorra slipped her tongue out and tasted Trinx's essence. 

"Yes, love...please..." Trinx moaned out. 

"With pleasure." Lorra said softly as she began to eat out the young blonde. Her knees were planted on the floor, while her sizable tits rested on the edge of the bed. Trinx spread her legs wide, brushing her heels over Lorra's upper back in encouragement. 

Lorra placed her hands on Trinx's firm thighs, squeezing them almost subconsciously as she corkscrewed her tongue into her. Moans of arousal echoed those of her focus of attention as she buried her face in her warm, inviting pussy. 

The blonde on the bed eased back, closing her eyes and losing herself in the experience so charitably granted to her. The thoughts of the Bekjerine in the street and of Jellico raping her throat faded into the back of her mind; all that existed were the green eyes that were burned onto her retinas and the tongue which delved so deeply between her folds. Lorra's excited grunts and moans filled Trinx in no time at all, seeming to overflow and spill out into the open air. 

"Ooohhh, lick it deep...so good, love...so good..." 

Lorra became even more ardent at the words, speeding her tongue's twirls and rolls inside Trinx. Her legs quivered and bucked slightly as the twinges of delight struck her. As if surrendering, her arms fell back on the bed with her hands over her head. She wanted desperately to hold her head, but moved her hands far away to resist the temptation; Lorra was in control of her actions, and Trinx would not try to change that. She succumbed to Lorra's fervent devouring, biting her lip as she felt the tide beginning to build inside her. 

The wave collapsed harmlessly as Lora pulled her face away, going back to blowing and kissing at Trinx's pussy. Trinx groaned in frustration, clutching at the sheets to keep her hands in place. She looked down her chest at Lorra, seeing the familiar set of luminous, emerald eyes smiling back at her. The teasing tables had turned. 

"Come on...Play nice, love..." Trinx giggled. 

"That's no fun." 

"It will be for me!" 

Lorra paused. "Alright..." 

Trinx cried out as Lorra attacked her clit. She set her tongue upon it with such speed and accuracy that the surprise alone made her gasp aloud. This passive, bashful girl pouncing on her most sensitive sexual spot like a predator. Trinx threw her head back, her wet hair slapping against the mattress with audible force. 

"Don't stop...make me cum...please..." 

Her roommate grunted an affirmative while continuing to flick her tongue rapidly over and around Trinx's hardened nubbin. The green eyes peeking out from behind the damp, red hair sparked as she strove to bring Trinx to a powerful orgasm. The ends of Lorra's mouth curled slightly as Trinx's breaths shortened and quickened. 

"Yes yes yessss...don't stop, love...ohhh God..." 

Lorra took her right up to the brink, then pulled her tongue away. The cry of despair from Trinx was quickly blended into a scream as Lorra replaced her tongue with her fingers, rubbing furiously at her clit. Trinx's body shook and bucked violently, her voice pouring out as her twat fired jolts of ecstasy throughout her being. 

Trinx's moans subsided with the fading pleasure, Lorra peppering the descent with gentle kisses along the cleft of her pussy. She worked her way back up Trinx's body, kissing a more direct path up to her lips. They kissed, passionately, while Lorra's hefty mounds weighed delightfully against those of her roommate. Trinx tasted her own wetness as their lips meshed violently together, while the cool ends of Lorra's hair teased and tickled her forehead. As they separated, Trinx brushed Lorra's hair back over her head, smiling up at her. 

"You are too good to me." 

"There's no such thing." Lorra grinned as she nibbled at Trinx's lips some more. 

"I have to repay the favor." Trinx giggled. 

"Well, if you insist. I won't fight you over it!" 

Trinx laughed as she started to roll Lorra over, but the redhead didn't budge. 

"No, you just lay back and relax. I'll do the moving." Lorra smirked as she crawled upwards, hanging her breasts over Trinx's face. 

She wasted no time in licking at Lorra's engorged nipples, quickly making her moan. Lorra rested on her hands, leaning down to let Trinx lap at her. Trinx cupped and squeezed her tits as she feasted on them. As she sighed appreciatively, Lorra flexed her hips, eager for attention elsewhere. Trinx gently lifted her right leg, stopping as she felt the warmth of Lorra's pussy. Her thigh rubbed from side to side against it, pulling her open slightly with each stroke. 

"Ohh, Trinxie...you are setting me on fire!" Lorra gasped, pushing herself back against Trinx's leg. 

"I'll make it better..." Trinx said softly as she tugged at Lorra's hips. 

Lorra took the hint, moving upwards so that her twat hovered over Trinx's face. The young blonde extended her neck and kissed at the wet slit in front of her. She looked upwards, seeing a trace of Lorra's pouty lips beyond her breasts. Trinx slowly lapped at her hole, feeling her moistness against her tongue. 

Trinx found her view changed as Lorra raised herself upwards. She rested her hands behind her, propping them on Trinx's knees. Firmly and yet gently, Trinx gripped Lorra's full asscheeks and licked her pussy with relish. As Lorra leaned her head forward, Trinx watched as small waves of pleasure rolled across her cherubic face. Her breasts jiggled with the tremors rippling throughout her. 

Similarly, Lorra peeked downward as her roommate serviced her. Trinx's hair was strewn about wildly, creating a dramatic vision of beauty. Her eyes opened only partially, while the corners of her mouth turned slightly upwards. She delighted in the act. This was not merely some wanton woman; the emotions which drove here were palpable with every touch of her tongue. 

Lorra began to roll her hips in anticipation of pleasures to come. Inaudible mumblings slipped from her lips and dribbled off into nothingness. The irregular jolts which made her quiver became more frequent and powerful. She squeezed Trinx's knees tightly, stabilizing herself. 

"Oh, Love...keep at it...bring me off..." 

Trinx doubled her efforts, alternating between driving her tongue deep into Lorra's cunt and using it to manipulate her clit. Lorra squealed with increasing volume as she enjoyed Trinx's talents, building up to what promised to be an intense climax. 

Lorra's back curved inwards, leading her so far as to face the ceiling. Her hair dangled down, moving in concert with the rest of her body. Trinx clenched her eyes shut as she moaned into her pussy, intending the vibrations to ignite the orgasm. 

"Trinnnx...Oh, fuck..." Lorra sputtered before her twat erupted around Trinx's tongue. She cried out loudly, while her body experienced one spasm after the other. 

Trinx was still licking away when Lorra slipped off of her, rolling to the side. She opened her eyes as Lorra kissed her delicately. Lorra pulled Trinx onto her side, where they kissed playfully and affectionately. 

A few times, Trinx thought to say something, but Lorra kissed off every effort in the most literal manner. They lay together, silent but for the sound of their lips upon each others'. Lorra finally rolled so that she rested somewhat on her back, bringing Trinx up over her chest. Trinx wrapped her arm over Lorra's warm, welcoming flesh, closing her eyes as her head rested on her upper chest. Their breaths both deepened and slowed in what seemed like mere moments. 

***** 

Her hand explored the emptiness, as did her eyes. She finally opened her eyelids, seeing that her hand touched only mattress, not the voluptuous woman that it had been anticipating. 

The location of the woman in question was indicated by the familiar smell of breakfast cooking in the nearby kitchen. Trinx stood in the kitchen's entryway, naked, as was her habit. Lorra wore her usual robe and the usual nothing underneath. 

"Good morning, love." Trinx said, softly. 

"Good morning." Her roommate said the words without any change in its typical tone. She kept her eyes on her cooking, while not seeming to be deliberate or awkward. 

"How are you?" 

"Tired!" Lorra chuckled. "It was quite the night. I..." 

"But you don't regret it, I hope?" Trinx interrupted, seemingly unable to help herself. 

Lorra turned towards her, looking at her askew. "Of course not. What an odd question." 

"Good." Trinx crossed her arms under her breasts with slight unease. "That's always good." 

"It is." Lorra nodded as she went back to pushing eggs around a skillet. "And how are you?" 

"Wonderful." 

"Had another of your erotic dreams, I imagine." Lorra giggled. 

"Feels like I'm living one, some days." Trinx walked over to the stove and kissed Lorra gently on the cheek. She turned and walked away before she could see the curious look that adorned Lorra's face. 

***** 

She flipped the pages lazily as the surface-bus rolled away from her stop. The journal wasn't a frequent companion of hers, but a sense of nostalgia had prompted her to grab the book before heading out to her afternoon date. A familiar date caught her eye and brought the movement of the pages to a halt. 

April 2, 2098 

I told her, last night. It was the first time that I ever told anyone. 

It wasn't easy to do. The rule that was implanted into our mind when we set off on our mission was to never say or show the truth about ourselves. "Keep your persona, at all times" our team leader had said. Of course, our team leader had been ripped to shreds long before we ever arrived at our target destination, so the mission was uncertain even then. And since Joh'vekk and I had argued about continuing the mission, I had never seen him again. All I had to worry about was myself, but it was still difficult to break the promise. 

Lorra and I were drinking together and watching one of her old movies. She had gotten promoted at her lab, a 21 year-old filling a role normally reserved for more experienced researchers. We were celebrating her success, and doing it wholeheartedly. 

As I've written here, she's always known what I do. With her new position, it leapt into her head that I should start working there, somehow. She said I was smart enough, that I just had to learn a few things and I could help out her department. 
