 Dex was more presentable than Trinx had ever seen before. It was also the first time she had seen him before finishing a sex session. Trinx realized that those two facts may be connected. His blond hair, green eyes and strong features were definitely more noticeable when he didn't appear to have come out of a clothes dryer. His outfit was decidedly blue-collar dress-up; tan pants with a button-down shirt, sans tie. 

The two women were as polished as ever. Lorra was especially taken with Trinx's short, red dress and lightly curled hair, while she had slipped into a black cocktail dress which accentuated her ample curves effectively. They stood at even height with him, lifted by high heels which matched their respective gowns. 

Lorra had told Trinx that he was twenty-five years old. He had not looked it as much previously, but his freshly-shaven face and boyishly eager eyes made it more obvious. 

"Oh, nice..." Dex grinned as he ogled the two, seeming to have trouble deciding which view he preferred. 

The ladies took a step back from the doorway, silently inviting him in. He fumbled for the doorknob, sacrificing dexterity for the sake of keeping his eyes on the ladies. Finally, he closed the door behind him. 

"First, we wondered if you might like a light supper?" Lorra smiled. 

"Before your dessert." Trinx's grin was more devilish, a product of practice. 

"Sure." Dex shrugged, not surprising Lorra in the least. 

"There's a little Italian place down the street that we like." 

"With a great wine selection." Trinx added. 

"Sounds great. I'm in your hands." Dex smirked and gave Lorra a quick and yet passionate kiss. 

***** 

The restaurant was busy, but fortunately not completely packed. They were quickly seated at a small table. The two ladies found place on opposite sides, putting Dex at the end. 

Naturally, "light supper" was a relative term, taking the man's appetite into account. While Dex enjoyed salad, bread and a sizable portion of linguini, the two women nursed their smaller meals and the dinner conversation. 

"I'm a little embarrassed to admit that I haven't asked a lot of questions about you." Trinx told Dex, after a hearty gulp of wine. 

"Why not?" 

"Oh, I suppose I didn't want to seem as if I was too curious. Or coming across as judgmental in some way. I've just been happy that she's happy." 

"Isn't she sweet?" Lorra flashed a charming smile, while her words were already slightly blurred around the edges from the alcohol. 

"I've always suspected so." Dex made his own attempt at a winsome grin, which was certainly adequate for both of the women. 

"So, you work at the lab?" Trinx smoothly steered the topic back to him. 

"Yeah, nothing like what this brilliant woman does." Dex locked eyes with Lorra for a moment. "I'm just clean-up." 

"Oh, please!" Lorra burst out, a touch too boldly. "He's more maintenance than housekeeping. This man fixed our centrifugal microfluidic mixer in five minutes." 

"I don't even know what that is." Dex seemed to take the words directly from Trinx's mind. 

"The 'spinny thing', love." 

Dex chuckled. "Now you're speaking my language. Yeah, I did fix the spinny thing. I'm still not the one figuring out how to stop all the viruses, like Lorra." 

"He always talks about himself like that." Lorra leaned over towards Trinx, as if Dex couldn't hear her words. 

"A little modesty is alright. I'm sure he knows his strengths!" Trinx grinned. "Considering that I've given up trying to keep any pictures on my wall. They all get knocked off every time he visits!" 

Lorra choked on a mouthful of wine, laughing as she tried to recover from a minor coughing fit. Dex smirked as he slapped and rubbed her back to get her through it. A middle-aged man looked over from another table, alarmed at the noise. Trinx smiled and waved at him in a politely dismissive manner. 

"It's alright. It's not the last time she'll gag tonight." Trinx snickered. 

Lorra gasped and smacked at Trinx's shoulder playfully. She cleared her throat, signaling that she was now better. 

"I told you she had a mouth on her, didn't I?" Lorra giggled at Dex. 

"You did. Are you alright?" 

"Yes, love. Thank you." She leaned over and kissed Dex. Trinx watched, her attention split by a group of men at another table that had noticed her. 

"Don't look now..." Trinx spoke softly to Dex as the kiss ended, "but I think some guys here are wishing they were you right now." 

"Really?" 

"Of course. Out with a gorgeous woman, and with me as well." Trinx smiled. 

"Kiss her." Lorra said suddenly. 

"Now?" Dex's surprise was palpable. 

"Yes. Make those other guys even more jealous." 

"If you insist." 

Dex leaned over towards Trinx, who mirrored the movement. They kissed, delicately at first, then more forcefully for a moment before breaking it off. Trinx could feel the desire in his lips. She could also see a glint of it in his eyes as he opened them while pulling away. 

Lorra giggled as she finished her drink. "It's your night, lover." 

***** 

The three of them stood in the opening of the living room, a woman on each side of him. It was a small space, but it was presentable and cleared to create an open, carpeted area. 

"The seat of honor is yours, birthday boy." Trinx smirked as she motioned to a plush chair at the far side of the room. 

Dex took his seat, already squirming slightly with anticipation. The two woman closed the gap between them. 

"This is going to be a little different, Dex." Trinx announced as she teased Lorra's hair with her finger. "You don't get to unwrap your presents. We do." 

"We do?" Lorra asked. "I mean, we do." 

Trinx's lips met Lorra's quickly, as if not giving her any opportunity of changing her mind. She succumbed to Trinx's touch immediately, moaning softly into her mouth. The taste of the wine was still rich on her lips. 

"Very nice." Dex subtly reached for his zipper. 

"No." Trinx said sternly as she broke off the kiss. "We get to unwrap you, too." 

"Yes, ma'am." Dex chuckled, pulling his hands back as if he was being held up at gunpoint. 

The two ladies returned to each other, sucking and nibbling at each other's painted lips. Trinx teased Lorra's delicate neck and shoulders with her nimble touch, playing at the notion of slipping the straps of her dress to their respective sides. Lorra, in turn, ran her fingers along Trinx's back. She slipped her finger into the slit that hid the small zipper which could expose Trinx's tightly-toned body to the guest of honor. 

Trinx slid her lips down to Lorra's neck, moving her fingers to the sides of her breasts. Lorra let her eyes close and head fall back, her scarlet locks draping beautifully behind her. She was the very image of romantic rapture; the moment of abandon was displayed on her face flawlessly. 

The kisses along Lorra neck lingered as Trinx relished another opportunity to demonstrate her affection. Trinx's mind wandered to her passionate encounter with the luscious redhead two nights previous. She thought of Lorra's sweet sounds of ecstasy, the song that she had sung as Trinx had brought her to her climax. Trinx's heart skipped as she imagined hearing an encore performance... 

"Do you fancy women, Lorra?" Dex broke Trinx from her thoughts, shattering the silence with his excited tone. 

"No..." Lorra smiled cryptically. "Just one woman..." 

Lorra brought her head up, her eyes opening a touch too wide, as if having caught herself revealing a secret. Her gaze was met with Trinx's, who grinned with the same flavor of thrill which had seasoned Dex's question. They kissed again, Trinx pressing her lips forward with even more desire than previously. 

"Just beautiful..." Dex muttered pleasantly, shifting in his chair. 

"Yes, she is." Trinx said as she broke off the kiss. 

"Stop." Lorra giggled, seemingly tipsy with the experience as well as the spirits she'd had. 

"We're not stopping for a while." Trinx slipped Lorra's dress straps down her shoulders, pulling down with enough force to pull the fabric down momentarily. Lorra gasped as she felt her nipples exposed for that instant, slapping her hands over her breasts. 

"You could have warned me!" Lorra giggled as she recovered from the shock. 

"Very well." Trinx matched her laugh. "I'm going to see all of your beauty, now." 

Trinx deftly unzipped Lorra's dress in the back as her lips trailed over her upper chest. Lorra rested her hands on Trinx's shoulders, caressing her subtly. The black dress slipped down, slowing as it passed her hips as if it hoped to not let go of her too soon. Dex's eyes widened as he saw that there were no panties slowing the path of the garment, either. Lorra exhaled sharply, embracing her nakedness. Her own hands went to Trinx's back, unzipping the red dress. 

A soft sigh oozed from Lorra's throat as Trinx began to lick and suck at her full breasts. She toyed with Lorra's nipples, giving them quick nibbles before moving away again. Trinx's own tits threatened to escape as her dress began to slide forward. She held the dress to her, letting it fall open over her back, while keeping her chest covered. Trinx peeked at Dex as she gave one of Lorra's nipples an extra-long series of flicks. 

It was obvious that Lorra had been telling the truth when she told Trinx that Dex was not as big as Trinx portrayed him as, but he certainly was not lacking. Trinx assessed the bulge in his pants with a satisfied eye. She gauged him at about seven inches, and not shy on girth, either. 

"Enjoying the show, love?" Trinx tittered. 

"You have no idea." Dex grinned. 

Trinx reflected the expression back at him. "I think you've made the impression." 

Dex caught the reference, leaning forward instinctively. 

"Some show." Lorra said while trailing off from a moan. "You have me in my birthday suit, and you're acting all modest there." 

"The lady's right. Fair is fair." 

"Are you saying you want to see more of me, Dexley?" 

Dex laughed at the use of his full name. "I am." 

Trinx kissed her way back up to Lorra's lips. After a brief but passionate lip-lock, Trinx pulled away slightly, staring into Lorra's eyes. She held her dress up, tilting the front of it a few inches either way. Lorra took hold of the material, letting Trinx free her hands. They resumed their kiss, while Lorra slowly pulled the dress down. It pressed tightly against her, so that Trinx's tits bounced upwards with release as the fabric passed them. 

"Unbelievable." Dex groaned. 

Lorra inhaled sharply as she turned to Dex. "You never say that about my breasts." 

The mock irritation made him chuckle. "Oh, yes I do. You just don't understand it because my mouth is full of them at the time." 

"Well, alright. I'll give you that one." Lorra rolled her eyes. 

Like with Lorra's, the dress fell to reveal nothing but smooth flesh underneath. Dex scanned her lithe form with little subtlety. 

"So, love..." Trinx kicked away the circle of red fabric which had clumped at her ankles. "How do you like your present so far? 

She took Lorra's hand and led her towards Dex. They walked with excruciating slowness, their hips cocking outward with each overstated step. Their high heels stayed on, making their movements even more dramatic to the eye. 

"It...looks like it's going to fit me perfectly." He gave his eyebrows a quick lift. 

The two women reached him, kneeling at both sides of the chair. Trinx rested on his left, and promptly finished the job of unzipping his pants. 

"I was thinking the exact...same...thing..." Trinx locked her eyes onto his as she spread the flaps of his trousers open. She caught Lorra's eye and winked, making both of them giggle. 

The two of them tugged at his pants and boxers. Dex lifted up to let them pull both of them downwards. His engorged cock sprung up as the boxers passed it, slapping loudly with the impact against his stomach. Trinx had sized him up accurately, and she eased her fingers around his fullness with both grace and admiration. 

"Oh, my." Trinx hummed appreciatively. "Is tonight supposed to be his present, or mine?" 

Lorra snickered. "Hush. Put your mouth to better use." 

The three of them laughed until the ladies each dipped down and pressed their mouths against a side of his dick, as if kissing with his thick meat coming between them. 

"Ohhh..." Dex groaned, his laughter cut off by the sensation. "Yes, girls...that's it..." 

The two of them slid up and down like they were mirror images of each other; the tips of their tongues danced along the sides of his shaft as they traveled. Their eyes dwelled upon each other, basking not only in the thrill of the naughtiness but the act of sharing between them. Both of them looked upon the other with gratitude for the favors that they were being granted. 

Dex ran his fingers mindlessly through his blond hair as he savored their lips and tongues. It wasn't possible to hide his true reactions, since his cock throbbed sporadically for them. After a few minutes of slow, wet preparation, they met at his cockhead. Trinx placed her hand on Lorra's upper back, both signaling her to take him into her mouth, and pushing her forward afterwards. The birthday boy grunted with the sudden change, leaning his head back against the chair. 

"Beautiful indeed." Trinx smiled as she watched her friend sucking at him. Lorra was not nearly as experienced as she was, but the desire behind her motions was undeniable. She wanted to please him in every way. 

"She is..." Dex moaned, looking down to watch her. "Always." 

Trinx slipped his shoes and socks off, which always felt like an awkward break when there were only two people involved. She listened to the slurping sound appreciatively as she worked his pants and boxers off. 

"I understand that you plan on what Lorra calls 'double-dipping' tonight." Trinx said as she came back into his view. 

Lorra snickered around him, making her gag momentarily. 

"Absolutely." Dex confirmed. 

"I'm so glad to hear that." Trinx ran the tip of her nose up Lorra's cheek, nudging her away. Dex's dick was quickly swallowed by the young blonde. She gazed up at him, taking him deep with determination in her eyes. 

"Oh, mercy." Lorra said in awe as she watched. 

"Jeezus...that feels so good..." Dex groaned out. 

Lorra unbuttoned his shirt, soon pulling it off to leave him in his own birthday suit. She stroked his broad chest lovingly while kissing him. His moaning punctuations rang through her as their tongues teased each other. 

Even while watching the display, Trinx didn't miss a stroke. She sucked his cock with complete confidence and without an ounce of shame. Her fingertips teased his balls, making his moans more prominent as they came along. 

Lorra gazed into his eyes as another pulse of pleasure ripped into his core. 

"I want to learn to do that for you." She said, softly. 

"I never complain." Dex smiled at her sentiment. 

Trinx pulled off as she tugged at Lorra's arm. "It's all practice, love." 

She worked Lorra into her spot, where the redhead promptly took over the task of gobbling Dex's rod. Her cheeks caved in almost imperceptibly, the force of her mouth's lunging being harder to miss. Trinx smiled up at Dex as she nuzzled Lorra's ear. 

"You look so lovely like this..." Trinx whispered into her ear. "Make him cum for you..." 

Dex moaned loudly as Lorra worked at him even harder. Trinx leaned in and began to lick at his balls, being sure to press her firm breasts into his leg as she did so. The two of him felt him tensing up as they strived to bring him off. Lorra bobbed rapidly, eager to reach their goal. Trinx smiled as she saw Dex grab a handful of red hair. 

"Oh, FUCK!" He blurted as he pumped out a load of spunk directly into Lorra's mouth. She grunted at the rush of seed, unable to pull away. 

"Greedy slut!" Trinx snickered as she swooped in, pulling her away and kissing her deeply. Their tongues slid against each other as Trinx sucked most of the load out of her mouth. 

"Oh my sweet God..." Dex moaned at an aftershock. "You two are amazing together." 

"I like to think so." Trinx smiled at her, again thinking of their night of lovemaking. Lorra returned the look. 

"Lorra, love..." Dex said, regaining his composure. "Do you know where the strap-on is?" 

Lorra nodded in response. 

"Be a good girl and get it, while I let your friend have one more turn." 

She looked to Trinx for permission. 

"Yes. Upper right drawer, you know." 

"Be right back." Lorra smiled as she stood. 

Dex had his cock back in Trinx's mouth within seconds. She tenderly took in his meat, feeling it hover between going limp and regaining its full stiffness. 

"MMMmmm..." He hummed at her efforts. "So, you are a call girl. Is that right?" 

Trinx hesitated, surprised at the question. She moaned in the affirmative, while nodding slightly. 

"You are too fucking gorgeous for that. If you don't mind me saying." 

She giggled as she let him out of her mouth, instead stroking him with her hand. "I can't imagine being offended by flattery, while I have your dick in my mouth. Thank you." 

Dex laughed. "You're welcome." 

"Got it!" Lorra adjusted the straps as she walked in, making sure it fit her hips properly. "Ready, Trinxie?" 

"No, that's for you." Dex told her. "This was your idea, so this is going to be your treat." 

"Ooh." She began to slip out of it, looking sheepish. "OK." 

Trinx began to stand, stopped by Dex's strong hand on her shoulder. He leaned over towards her and lowered his voice to a whisper. 

"I want to see what she looks like when getting properly fucked. Make her scream." 

She blinked at the words. There was a barely discernible trace of spite in his voice, while his eyes gleamed with anticipation. 

"Gladly." Trinx grinned, brushing the moment away. 

Lorra brought the now-detached strap-on to Trinx, its dildo swaying as it dangled. The two of them fit it onto the blonde, Lorra tightening it to the slightly narrower hips. They stood for a moment, anticipating instructions. 

"Pretend she's me." Dex told Lorra. "And suck that cock." 

Lorra looked between Dex and Trinx for a moment, then looked down. Trinx began to stroke the dildo, shrugging ever so slightly. The redhead sank to her knees and replaced Trinx's hand with her own. She stroked the thick, eight-inch phallus, working her wrist in small circles. Her eyes met Trinx's as she began to cautiously lap at the tip. 

Trinx gently caressed Lorra's hair, watching her performance. She knew that her roommate had a soft spot for her. Their tryst two nights beforehand may not have happened without a spat or some thoughtless comment by Dex, but there was no question that she cared deeply for him. She was not the type of woman to leap at the opportunity to lick a strap-on dildo as if it was an actual cock. She wasn't even the type to leap at the opportunity to lick an actual cock. Her affection for the man was undeniable, considering how she was experimenting with him. 

"The same way she experimented with me..." Trinx thought. 

Her mental stream diverted as she watched Lorra suck at the proxy prick. Lorra's emerald eyes peeked up through her ruby-shaded hair, her sense of awkwardness at the act impossible for her to hide entirely. Trinx played her part, pushing her hips forward and grunting as if she was Dex while he savored a blowjob. 

"That's so good..." Trinx said softly, "I love how you do that..." 

Lorra smiled slightly around the mass in her mouth, grateful for words that counterbalanced her lack of comfort. Trinx returned the expression, subtly glancing towards Dex. As he watched, he had stroked himself back to full hardness, and was now simply picking his moment to jump back in. 
