 Tripletit 01 was posted as Tripletit

Tripletit 02 was posted as Saving the Planet Tripletit

Tripletit 03 was posted as Journey to Tripletit

Tripletit 04 was posted as Tripletit Welcome

This story is out of the sequence:

Tripletit 21 was posted as Tripletit Panty Raid

Tripletit 01: First Encounter

by oggbashan © 

Copyright Oggbashan July 2004. Edited October 2018.

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

We never intended to land on Tripletit. That isn't the planet's real name. It is the third planet out from the local sun so its name starts with 'Tri' but every spaceman calls it Tripletit.

We had been getting on each other's nerves in the small craft. We hadn't met before this trip and now we knew we were incompatible in close proximity. Dave was small but truculent. He'd make a good Napoleon if he were in command. When some space dust had holed our two man craft we knew that it wasn't a serious problem but needed base repairs sometime soon. Tripletit was the nearest suitable planet. Dave and I agreed that a stay there would be acceptable. We needed the break from each other. This would be my last trip before retirement. I was glad I'd never have to command a liner with Dave as one of my officers.

The planet is in an out of the way part of the galaxy and barely explored. The few thousand resident humans worked in the repair base and spaceport. They lived side by side with the locals in the nearby town. There was no reason to explore further. Tripletit had no minerals or products in demand elsewhere.

The locals on Tripletit are unusual. The adults are all apparently large females and have three breasts, hence the planet's name. The sex available to visitors is apparently mind-blowing and cheap.

We landed safely to arrange for the minor repairs to be done. We passed through customs and immigration after an extensive health check. Unusually there was a third official to pass, like the others a normal human. He sat us down in an office.

"Captain Joe and First Mate Dave? Isn't that over-officered for a two man craft?"

Dave replied.

"Yes, sir. We are replacement officers going to different liners to relieve those scheduled for re-training. Using a two man craft was considered economic because no scheduled service will be going there for months."

"OK. I'll introduce myself. I'm Bill. My job is to protect visitors from themselves. We think there are no dangerous animals or diseases on this planet. We don't go far beyond the town. The only danger comes from sexual contact with the natives."

Dave and I looked at each other. We had landed on Tripletit to enjoy the famous sexual delights. Bill saw that look and laughed.

"Don't worry, gentlemen. Sex here is safe IF you follow the simple rules. If you don't..."

He produced two credit card size pieces of printed plastic.

"This is an aide-memoire. Do what it says on these cards and you will enjoy this planet. Go too far and you will vanish. We lose about twenty visitors a year and they are never seen again."

I looked at the card in my hand. It read.

"Left breast or right breast: They're the best. Centre tit: Don't! Never, ever interfere with it.

Left slit or right slit: In those you'll find you fit. Centre: do not fill unless you've made your will."

I looked at Bill. He answered the unspoken question.

"The women of Tripletit have three tits. The left and right ones are larger and produce an euphoric drug. Suck on either and you will have incredible sex. You may want to come back here again and again. The woman will wrap you in her body. If you are sucking the left tit, you will penetrate the left slit. The right side of her body will close around your back so that the back of your head is leaning against the right tit. It has been described as being the meat in a two-woman sandwich. You don't have to DO anything. The woman does all the work. You just lie between both sides of her body while she hugs the whole of you and sucks you dry. You will probably fall asleep wrapped by her, waking from time to time to be suckled again and again. The drug produced by her breast will give you multiple erections yet when you finish you will not be tired or sore. You will feel rested and rejuvenated. Old men come here and leave looking ten years younger."

"How do you stop?" Dave asked.

"You don't. You can't." Bill replied. "She has to end it when she thinks you have had enough. With a professional she will sell you a set length of time. Three hours is normal. All night is more expensive but as much as a normal man needs in a week. The amateurs are dangerous. Surrounding you excites all the women sexually. An amateur may not have sufficient control to stop herself and you could be held inside her for days. You will suffer no ill effects but it could be embarrassing if you miss an appointment or a liner. Another warning: You are not likely to want to escape from a sexual embrace but if you do, ask her politely to release you. Do not try to struggle free. She will be much stronger than you are and any attempt to escape will trigger her instincts to hold on. You might be crushed and hurt."

"What is it about the centre breast?" I asked.

"Keep well away from it. It is smaller than the other two but if you suck on it you will be paralysed. We don't know why, possibly to make sure that a male doesn't escape until a female is impregnated, but anyone sucking the middle tit will be helpless and unable to move or speak. The effect lasts from an hour to several days depending on how much liquid is taken from the breast."

"The centre hole?" 

"We don't know what happens. No one has survived. All we have are reports from the Tripletit women themselves. They say that the man filled the central slot and made them pregnant but that he has gone. They don't say where. They don't say anything except that he isn't here anymore."

We left it at that. Dave took a taxi to a hotel and booked us in. I went to meet the repair team and arranged for our craft to be fixed. That didn't take long once I had produced the company's credit card. The work might take anything up to a week. One of the team ran me to the hotel on his motorcycle. I arrived seconds after Dave. 

The receptionist was the first local woman we had seen except at a distance. At first glance her shoulders seemed very wide. We had to look a long way up to see her face; her three breasts strained her blouse at my eye-level, well above Dave's. She blushed attractively at our obvious interest. She seemed fascinated by Dave and almost ignored me. Why? Her name label read 'Emma'. 

If Emma was a sample of the local talent we would enjoy ourselves on this planet. When she came from behind her desk we noticed a slight limp. She pressed herself against Dave, apparently accidentally, but I wasn't so sure it was an accident. At the time I thought that Emma was incredibly tall. Only later did I notice she was at least a foot shorter than any of the other local women.

We went to our rooms, showered and changed into civilian clothes. We met by Emma's reception desk and asked discreetly asked the porter to direct us to a good sex establishment. He warned us again about the middle tit and middle hole but said we would be safe with the professionals he recommended. 

In the street Dave and I felt small. The women towered over us and apart from the occasional human male, there were only women on the streets. When we arrived at the whorehouse we paid the fee for three hours each. That fee was very cheap. Back home it would have bought a couple of glasses of beer. This sort of sex we could afford.

I was non-plussed by the line-up of available women. I chose one at random and Dave took another, the shortest. My woman introduced herself as Aliana and took my hand as we walked through a curtain and down a corridor to a bedroom. Before we got on the large bed she stripped herself and then me. She was obviously expert.

I lay down beside Aliana. She put her arms around me and lifted me on to her body. She offered her right breast to my lips. As my mouth closed around it she rolled over so I was lying on her left side. Her right side folded over me, thrusting her breast deep into my mouth. Her body hinged like a folding mattress. How her skeleton coped with the distortion vaguely puzzled me as the drug from her breast coursed through my bloodstream. My whole body from head to toe was covered by Aliana's naked skin. Her skin aroused me as if it was sensuous silk stroking me.

Aliana's hand eased my erection into the right hand slit. Her lower lips pulled me in and grasped me firmly. Her arms wrapped around her body sealing me in the woman sandwich.

I find it difficult to describe the sensation of sex with Aliana. I felt enclosed as if I was inside a womb yet I certainly wasn't feeling like a baby. I was sexually aroused to a height I had never experienced. My mouth sucked eagerly at her breast. With every trickle from her glands I sank deeper into an euphoric state. I was as hard as I had ever been but not desperate for release. I could wait until she was ready. Her body writhed around me. Her muscles clasped my erection and gradually, ever so gradually, brought me to a climax and eruption. Immediately afterwards I seemed almost ready again as I relaxed to her gentle caressing body. I was held, engulfed, surrounded, protected, swamped by the drug and her body but still a rampant male penetrating and filling Aliana. I was hers: she was mine.

The climaxes and ejaculations followed every half-hour until the three hours were up. Aliana unwrapped me, pulled her breast from my mouth, and then dressed me carefully. I couldn't have dressed myself, not because I was weak, but because I was on Cloud Nine. I was totally out of this world on a high plateau of bliss. Aliana laid me on the bed and left me. She returned an hour later with a strong pot of coffee. Several cups later I could stand up with her help. She half-carried me back to the reception area where I met Dave. He looked as happy as I felt. Our escorts carried us out to a taxi and sent us back to the hotel.

On arrival I could just manage to walk through the foyer to the bar. Dave stayed talking to Emma. I sank into a deep armchair and gratefully sank a cool beer brought by a waitress labelled 'Angela'. I ordered one for Dave as well. He was flushed when he sat down.

"Phew!" Dave said first.

"That was really something, wasn't it?" I asked.

"I'll say." He replied. "I have never had such an experience. I'd settle here except that I don't think I'd live very long. Once a month - maybe. Once a week? I'd be a wreck. Once a day? I'd be dead."

I would have answered but Angela approached bringing the next beers. She heard everything Dave said.

"I'm pleased you enjoyed this planet's famed hospitality, but please be careful. You have been warned, haven't you?"

I looked up her tall body, past her three outlined breasts straining against her dress, to her face. She seemed genuinely worried.

"Yes," I said. "We have been warned. Is it that dangerous?"

"It is with amateurs," she replied. "They don't have the self-control to stop when they should. Well-run professional establishments are safe. Anywhere else might be fatal."

Dave just sipped his beer.

"I'll remember that," I said. "I'm not sure I'll be ready for another session for days." 

Angela laughed. 

"You will be. In a couple of hours the healing effect will kick in. You'll feel like attacking a Martian Dust-Devil with your bare hands."

Angela walked away with an attractive wiggle to her hips. My eyes followed her.

Angela was right. We had an evening meal and found ourselves full of energy. Dave and I decided to see the local sights by night but separately. We had had enough of each other's company and would have to endure it again when our craft was repaired. I left first. Dave was deep in conversation with Emma.

I walked around for an hour or so. There wasn't much to see once you had seen the park and the public buildings. To burn off my excess energy I jogged around the whole edge of the park. I met Dave jogging the other way round. After that I didn't see him again as I completed five circuits.

I returned to my room and showered again. I decided that another beer would be pleasant. In the bar the staff had changed. Angela who had served us earlier had shed her uniform for a dress. She beckoned to me. I joined her at her table. She came straight to the point.

"Your friend Dave is in trouble, Joe."

"He's not really my friend," I replied. "We are travelling together by necessity."

"Whether he is your friend or not, will you help him?"

"I suppose so. What has he done?" My lack of enthusiasm must have been obvious.

"Come on."

Angela stood up and took my hand. I felt slightly ridiculous, as if I was a child being dragged along by his mother. We passed through a curtain into the staff area, through several doors and along a corridor. Angela stopped outside a numbered door and knocked.

"Emma," she said loudly. "It's Angela."

I barely heard the answer. "What do you want?"

"I want Dave back - please?"

"Come in." Emma's voice said very faintly.

Angela dragged me through the door. I was hidden behind her at first.

"Oh shit, Emma!" shouted Angela. "Did you have to...?"

I peered under Angela's right arm. Emma was lying naked on her bed, eyes shut, her legs spread wide. Dave's shoulders and head were all that was left of him. His eyes were open, staring blankly at the ceiling. Emma's body was distended as if she was in late pregnancy. Her large bump was pulsing slowly. In the next couple of seconds Dave's body had slid another couple of inches into her. I would have shouted but Angela's hand clamped over my mouth. My head was trapped between her arm and her right breast. I tried to struggle but Angela was much stronger. My arms and legs flailed futilely behind her.

Angela quickly unbuttoned the top of her dress and pulled her triple cup bra upwards. I barely noticed. I was watching Emma pull Dave's unresisting body further in. Emma's face distorted with effort and her body shone with sweat as Dave's shoulders stretched her legs impossibly wide apart. Once the shoulders had entered his head followed instantly. Emma's lips made a slurping sound as they closed behind him. Her legs gradually came together and her hands eased her pregnant lump higher.

Almost as soon as Dave had been completely engulfed Angela swung my head round to her centre breast. I was still fighting her headlock with all my strength. I clamped my lips shut. Her fingers squeezed my nostrils shut. I opened my mouth to breathe. Her tit stuffed between my lips. She released my nostrils. My mouth filled with liquid. I tried not to swallow.

"Take it, Joe," Angela pleaded. "It is your only chance of survival."

Did I trust her? I had little choice. She could hold me tighter than I could endure. I swallowed. I felt my muscles relax into uselessness. Angela lifted me and held me across her body. My head rested on one of her shoulders. My arms and legs flopped. I could still see Emma. She still had her eyes closed and looked exhausted. I lost sight of her as Angela carried me from the room. She took me to another room in the same corridor and lowered me to the bed. I flopped helplessly, unable to move anything, not even my eyes.

"Stay there, Joe. I must help Emma. I'll be back in a few minutes. Don't worry. The effect will pass - eventually."

I was raging internally. I had been paralysed. Angela could do whatever she wanted to me. Would I disappear like Dave? No wonder those who disappeared had never been found. No one would think that they had been swallowed inside a woman's body. Were they women? Were we fooled by an apparent external resemblance?

I calmed down slightly. Angela had saved me from something. The knowledge I now had might be dangerous to the inhabitants of Tripletit. Dave had disappeared. I was hidden away in the staff quarters. No one would look for me until our craft was repaired. When would that be? Two or three days, a week perhaps? I would have closed my eyes if I could. I couldn't but drifted off into a light doze.

I woke up as I heard Angela enter the room. Her face, blurred because I couldn't focus my eyes, looked down at me.

"Emma is resting now. The crisis is over for her. I'm sorry about Dave. We were too late to do anything. Once he was that far in he couldn't come out again. I had thought that Emma would make love to him first but she must have been very desperate. She paralysed him at once and started..."

A tear fell on my face. That was unexpected.

"This might help," Angela said.

She pushed a breast between my lips. Left, right or centre? I couldn't focus or turn my eyes. Warm milk trickled down my throat. I could swallow. I did. More milk followed for several minutes.

Gradually I was aware of sensation returning to my skin. I blinked my eyes, turned them down and focused. Angela's right breast was filling my mouth. I sucked harder until Angela pulled away.

"Wait," she said mysteriously.

She shed all her clothing. Her hands wandered over my recovering body to strip me bare. I was just beginning to flex my fingers and toes when her breast filled my mouth again. Her pussy claimed me, her body folded around me, her arms clamped me back into immobility before she began to arouse me slowly and gently.

Angela was totally unlike Aliana. Aliana had been quick, efficient, professional. Angela was slow, sensuous and delightful. Even without the euphoric drug flowing into my mouth I could have been transported to a heavenly place where I was caressed between two nubile houris yet both bodies were Angela.

I was vaguely conscious of the passing of time as I was aroused, milked, rested, aroused again only to be claimed by Angela's body and pussy. Dawn came and changed to full daylight before Angela's body unfolded and left me almost as helpless as I had been when paralysed by her. I slept, waking to find myself tightly wrapped in the sheet. Beside me on the pillow was a note. I turned my head to read.

"Sorry, Joe, I'm back on duty. I will return on my break. Don't leave the room even if you can. I'll explain later."

I writhed on the bed trying to release myself from the swaddling sheet. It took over an hour before a corner came free. After that it was a matter of minutes to unwind myself.

Angela's room had an en-suite shower room. I cleaned myself up, drank some water and dressed. I was beginning to feel more in control than I had since Angela's hand closed over my face in Emma's room when the door opened. Angela entered and smiled as she saw me.

"Good. You got free. I thought you would. Now listen carefully."

I nodded.

"You don't know anything about Dave. You saw him - where last before...?"

"In the park." I said.

"OK. In the park. Then you went to a brothel on your own and paid for a night. Have you got enough money for that?"

"I think so. How much would I need?"

Angela told me. It was ridiculously low. It wouldn't buy a meal in a poor restaurant on Earth. I counted it out. Angela gathered it up.

"I'll give this to one of the girls at the brothel. She'll confirm your story. Which one did you visit earlier? Do you remember the girl's name?"

I told Angela about Aliana.

"OK. Aliana will get this money."

"Is it enough? It seems very little."

"You want to give more? That might help."

"Yes." I peeled off a couple of bills, enough for two nights stay in a good hotel.

She opened what I thought was the bedside cabinet. It was stuffed full of pre-packed food that heated itself once you pull the tab.
