 It would be a galactic understatement to say that the last twenty hours had been eventful for Allie Benson and Jeff Soros. They had abruptly gone from the comfort and routine of a long space voyage to being abducted by an ancient alien artificial intelligence (AI), and forcibly transformed into monstrous alien hybrids. 

Moreover, they had swapped genders. Allie was now a hybrid male, and Jeff a hybrid female. To top it all off, the two were being driven to mate to produce a workforce of slaves that would facilitate the rebirth of the Imperium civilization--the once mighty rulers of this galaxy.

Yeah, it had been a long day for them. Oh, and while having sex with Jeff, they shared an "alien orgasm" that had sent them into a realm of pure imagination. A sort of shared virtual reality, which was no longer bounded by the physical world, but had all the same sensations of the real world.

I suddenly found myself standing over a decapitated lion, holding its head in one hand, and a blood-soaked sword in the other. Once again, I was in a male's body, but this time it was human. I was now an extremely well-muscled man, clothed in archaic body armor, and covered with battle scars.

I looked up to see two men in a pitched battle just a few meters away. One was holding a trident and net, the other, two swords. The spear wielder was attempting to snare the swordsman with the net, and then impale him with the trident. However, swordsman expertly pared his attacker's advances.

The men wore body armor too. The swordsman had a crude metal helmet, with chain strap. His taller opponent had no head protection.

I heard a crowd roar, and then I realized I was standing on the sands of a giant colosseum, crammed with spectators. I nearly collapsed, but with great effort, I managed to focus and stay upright.

The alien AI had warned me about the effects of the alien orgasm. Apparently, it sends sexual partners into a shared imaginary world, of their own making. The AI had said that this alternate reality would take the form of their deepest desires.

I knew Jeff that was a history buff, and particularly fascination with the Roman Empire. So, I concluded that this must be a Roman colosseum. From what I could recall about this period, it was one of the most brutal in human history. Gladiators often fought to the death, and were usually slaves trained from childhood to compete in the arena for the enrichment and glory of their masters.

Why would our joint imaginations conjure up such a savage bloodthirsty reality for us? I knew that the only way to find out was to play out this scenario. More importantly, if I could find Jeff, this might be the one opportunity we had to plot an escape, without the alien AI eavesdropping on us. In the physical world, the AI constantly monitored our thoughts; however, we might be shielded from it here.

As a starship captain in the Collective, I had undergone the standard training in hand-to-hand combat, which included becoming proficient with barbaric weapons, such as swords. My instructor had said that I was a nature with a broadsword, but I was nowhere near good enough to win against an experienced gladiator. So, I began looking for a way to exit the arena.

As I was examining the walls of the stadium, I heard an even louder roar from the crowd, and looked back at the two gladiators. The swordsman had just bested his opponent, and was standing over him. Both men stared at a grandly robed man sitting on a raised dais. The crowd grew suddenly quiet, as the official stood, held his hand out, and then pointed his thumb down.

Without hesitation, the winning gladiator plunged his sword into his kneeling opponent's throat, all the way down to the hilt. Blood gushed up, covering the victor's face. The crowd went wild, apparently chanting his name, "Flamma, Flamma, Flamma!"

He held his sword high in the air, turning first toward the robbed man, then to each side of the colosseum. The audience continued shouting his name, louder and louder. Once the cheering had subsided, he wiped the dirt and blood from his face, and then turned his attention toward me.

Our eyes locked, and he grinned, cruelly. Clearly, I had just lost any chance of escaping unnoticed. As the gladiator covered the ground between us, I dropped the lion's head, assumed the fencing stance that I had practiced many years ago. When he got close enough, I planned ono thrusting my sword at his chest. However, my body shifted position, seemingly on its own, and I found myself quickly running toward my opponent.

Just a meter from him, I threw my sword at him, which he easily knocked away. While he was occupied with it, I skillfully somersaulted, and picked up the trident from his previous opponent, and then drove it up into his head, just under his helmet's chin strap. His eyes bulged out, as he choked to on his own blood, falling to the ground, uselessly clutching at the hilt his the trident.

I was stunned by what had just happened, and left wondering what had come over me. Perhaps some type of muscle-memory had taken over control of my body? Whatever the reason, I was thankful to be alive. Although I was fairly certain that death here wasn't permanent, dying would have likely ruined my plan to contact Jeff within this thought realm.

As I got to my feet, I heard the crowd roar, and chant, "Hermes, Hermes, Hermes!" Not knowing what else to do, I mimicked my fallen opponent. After retrieving my sword, I raised it first to the official, then to the four side of the stadium. I bent over, wiped my sword on the fallen man's loincloth, and sheathed it.

That's when I noticed a short flabby man frantically waving at me. I briskly walked over to him, while the crowd nonstop chanted my name. I must admit, I found the sound exhilarating. Despite having just killed a man, it felt great to be the object of such unbridled adulation.

Once I reached the chubby man dressed in white robes, I was disarmed, and escorted into a tunnel by two soldiers, wearing long red capes. The pudgy man guided me along, talking the whole way.

Eventually, we made our way to the cells beneath the colosseum. The area was dark and smelled of blood and sweat. The man prattled endlessly about my amazing win, and how it would bring us greater glory and wealth. It became abundantly clear that he was my owner.

As I walked by the other gladiators, some displayed open hatred for me, a few jealously; however, most just seemed to fear me. I finally arrived at my cell. It appeared modestly better than the other cells around it, possibly indicating my status as champion.

"Hermes, you were spectacular today! But I expected nothing less. You have mastered more fighting styles than any other gladiator in Roman history, and you have become proficient with every known weapon. I leave you now, but you will not be alone. I have arranged a special gift for you!" the fat man said, with a toothy leering smile.

He patted me on the back once more, and left my cell. A guard locked the door, and then left too. I walked over to a small straw bed and plopped down, bone weary. I picked up a metal plate next to the bed, and dumped the fruit off it, so I could use the shiny surface to examine my face.

I looked about 25 years old, heavily bearded, with broad shoulders, short black hair, and a rugged jaw. My forehead and cheeks were marked with scares from previous battles, as was the rest of my body. Obviously, I had been training and fighting most of my life.

I found a bucket of water, and cleaned off the blood and dirt from my face and hands. Then, I laid back down on my bed. Just as I closed my eyes, I heard the lock of my cell door turn. I glanced up to see one of the guards open the door. Another guard shoved a small woman onto the stone floor. She fell just short of my bed. The door slammed closed, and locked. I heard the guards' guttural laughs, as they walked away.

The woman on the floor raised herself up, slowly. She had long black hair, black eyes, and full large breasts. She was covered in dirt, bared footed, and partially clothed in rags that might have once been a dress.

I was mildly surprised she wasn't crying. Her jaw was set. She looked determined, despite her circumstances. I stood up, and offered her a hand. She spat at me.

"Come now, I just want to help you," I said, softly.

"I have had just about as much help as I can stand today!" she shouted, eyes glowing with hate.

"I won't touch you, I promise. In fact, you can eat my food, and sleep alone on my bed, if you like. All I ask is for some information," I said.

"What kind of information?" she said, glaring at me.

"I am looking for a friend here. Have you heard the name, Jeff Soros?" I inquired.

Her eyes suddenly went wide in surprise. She jumped up, and firmly hugged me.

"Allie, it's me, Jeff!" she practically screamed in relief.

I pulled her back, and studied her face. I broke out laughing, as I hugged her back. What a relief to have found Jeff so quickly! Then, it dawned on me that we had switched genders, even in our shared dream.

"It I am happier as a man, and you a woman," I said, with a chuckle.

"I am not so sure. You won't believe the way I have been treated! To think that I once considered the Roman Empire enthralling. It's horrible, especially for women!" Jeff said, looking sad for the first time.

"My introduction to our shared realm wasn't what I expected either," I said, pulling Jeff's small supple female form close to me.

Feeling the heat of her large breasts pressed against my well-muscled chest, caused my cock to stiffen under my loincloth. I gently kissed her on the lips, and then moved away, so as not to give into my growing desire for Jeff. I didn't know how much time we had here, so I didn't want to waste a moment with self-indulgences.

We sat on the edge of the bed, and I shared my food and wine with Jeff, while he slowly recovered from his ordeal as a slave girl. I briefly recounted my arrival, then he told me about his first experiences here. His was less dramatic than mine, but far more demeaning. As a slave girl, he had been pressed into sexually servicing our pudgy owner. It seems the man has a real thing for ass-to-mouth.

While being forced to suck his cock, Jeff had considered biting it off, but had thought better of it. His forbearance had obviously paid off, as we had ended up together. He was amazed to hear I had defeated a gladiator, and hugged me. Again, I had to fight off the impulse to ravage him.

I told him that I didn't think the alien AI could our thoughts here. This was the first time since our capture that our minds weren't being monitored by it. The small woman next to me seemed to think about the implications of this for a long time, then she looked up at me.

"So, we need a plan, if we hope to escape," Jeff said, resolutely.

I nodded in agreement.

"When we get back to the real world, we need a distraction. Something that will require the AI's entire attention, so we can find a way off the ship, while it is preoccupied," I said, with a sigh.

It seemed impossible. How do you completely distract a super intelligence? Jeff had an idea. He quickly related to me the experience he underwent during his alien transformation. I knew his metamorphosis had been far more extreme than mine. What I hadn't been aware of until now, was that during the mutation process, his mind had been far more closely linked with the AI's consciousness, than mine.

In fact, he had managed to pick up some of its thoughts. Of genuine interest was the fact that the AI planned to revive the last two remaining members of the Imperium. It had been worried how the two old enemies would react toward each other, once they had been reanimated. The AI believed it likely that they would resume their ancient blood feud. After all, when they went into hibernation, they had been at war with each other.

Jeff told me that the AI had already begun the process of waking them up. I told him that our freighter had been brought aboard the alien flagship. Jeff said the when we got back to the real world, the alien AI would likely be focusing its attention on the two revived warriors.

So, we might not only have a chance to escape our prison chamber, but also a means to leave the ship, assuming we could find out where our freighter was being kept on this enormous flagship. We discussed various ways that we might take advantage of these opportunities.

However, one seemingly insurmountable problem remained. How to change our bodies back into their original human forms. If we couldn't find a way, we would have to learn to live with our reversed genders, and hideous appearances.

Once we had thoroughly discussed our options, we were ready to return to reality. But how? Suddenly, I saw a Roman guard threw shackles and a well-worn leather bull whip through the bars of my cell. They landed next to my feet.

"What's the matter, Hermes? Can't get it up without whipping her? Here, you go! Now get to it, your master wants her back soon," the guard said, with an ugly smirk.

Gladiators in nearby cells shouted, "Make the cunt hurt!"

Jeff moved her mouth close to my ear, and whispered that we should go along with this scenario, as might help us return to reality. 

"Besides, you know we both enjoy this sort of thing," Jeff whispered, then kissed my cheek.

It was true. Aboard the makeshift dungeon on our freighter, I had become quite experienced with whipping him, often while he was in strict bondage. His strong urge to be dominated, coupled with his masochistic tendencies, and my undeniable sadistic nature, made us the perfect couple for the isolation of a long space voyage.

I had been struggling to suppress this body's powerful testosterone-driven urges to punish and fuck this little nubile slut. Jeff's suggestion that this might actually get us back to the physical word, coupled with Jeff's obvious eagerness for corporal punishment, evaporated my remaining willpower. Lust overtook me.

I grabbed the small woman by the nap of the neck, ripped off her rags, and shoved her down on the bed, face first. Her long beautiful but dirty hair covered her head. I slapped her pretty little ass, and ordered Jeff to get on all fours. The tiny woman immediately complied.

I picked up the shackles and cuffed her slender ankles, looped the chains around the corners of the bed, yanking her ankles so wide, she squealed in pain. I heard cheers from the guards and gladiators, as I pulled even harder on the chains, then cuffed the other ends to her delicate wrists.

In this position, the tiny female ass was forced high in the air, while her delicate face was smashed into my bed. With pussy and ass open, there were mine for the taking.

I hoisted the whip, stepped back several paces, and raised it high in the air. I could see Jeff's ass cheeks tense. Everyone grew silent in anticipation of my first strike.

However, I had forgotten just how strong my current body was. I brought down the whip on her exposed labia, with so much force it bit deeply into her pussy, Jeff screamed in agony, straining futilely against the chains.

My cock hardened at the sight of this unexpectedly harsh pain. Knowing these were not our real bodies, and that injuries suffered here would be transient, I struck again, even harder, in the exact same spot.

Jeff's small female form buckled, unable to catch a breath, this pretty thing had no choice but to endure my onslaught of blows, each one ripping into tender pale flesh, until bright red welts covered thighs, crotch, ass, and back.

When I ceased the whipping, Jeff was left to gasp and sob, uncontrollably. I dropped my loin cloth on the floor, letting my rock-cock spring out. When Jeff saw me approaching him, and that pretty faced displayed both lust and fear.

I walked behind the chained woman, pressing the tip of my cock against her swollen, redden anus. Jeff went rigid at my touch. With my huge calloused hands, I grabbed her wide hips firmly, and prepared to thrust. Although I had used a strapon many times aboard our freighter to peg him, this felt different for both of us, far more exhilarating and raw.

With the guards and gladiators urging me on, I plunged into her tight ass, balls deep. Jeff's head jerked up, her long black hair shaking, as she let out a blood curdling shriek. Those watching erupted in cheers.

I began pumping that cute ass. I made sure each stroke was full length, using my hands and hips to drive deep inside her, with a powerful piston motion. I fucked Jeff far harder and faster than I could ever have done as a woman.

More tears poured down her pretty face. The screams only encouraged me to fuck Jeff more vigorously. I felt his ass tighten, a sure sign he was about to come. I was close myself. I reached down, got a handful of her hair, yanked the small head back, as I began thrusting, wildly.

I closed my eyes, and we climaxed together, while shot thick wades of cum deep inside her colon. When I opened my eyes, we were back in the prison chamber aboard the alien flagship. I was still fucking Jeff, but now in his alien female form.

My giant sharply finned cock buried deep in his womb, I watched it shoot reddish liquid into his transparent womb. Thousands of tadpole-like creatures began to slither around inside Jeff. Apparently, my alien sperm had brought these strange organisms to life.

Earlier, the tip of my cock had anchored itself inside of Jeff, using flared sharp gills to penetrate his womb walls. After I finished ejaculating, the gills automatically retracted, allowing me to pull out of him.

The razor-sharp spines on my cock were literally coved in Jeff's blood and soft vaginal flesh. If not for my tentacles and tail holding him, Jeff would have collapsed on the floor in absolute anguish.

Fortunately, his alien DNA seemed capable of almost instantly healing his savaged vagina. I watched in awe, as the torn flesh restored itself. I carefully lowered Jeff to the floor, now seemingly in full control of myself again.

I retracted my tentacles, and gently withdrew my tale from his ass, kneeling to cradle his exhausted body in my arms. His yellow eyes looked up at me, with an odd mixture of fulfillment, love, and pain.

I couldn't help staring at his see-through womb, which had doubled in size since I had begun fucking him. The alien fetuses were not only moving about rapidly, but growing. If we had any chance of escape, it would have to be soon; otherwise, he would be too big to move soon.

Just then, a faraway explosion rocked our prison chamber, knocking both of us to the ground. The lights went out. We were surprised that our alien eyes could see in the dark. Without power, the chamber door slide open. Apparently, in case of an emergency, it had been programmed to open. 

I scooped up Jeff, and ran for the nearest exit. We found ourselves in a long corridor. This ship was the largest spacecraft any human had ever seen. How would we be possibly find the docking bay holding our freighter?

Another explosion, nearer this time, jostled us. I used my tentacle to keep us upright. I choose a direction, and began sprinting down the hallway, with Jeff in my arms...