 I had been raised by an extraordinarily strict mother, especially by the standards of my time. She was a diminutive woman, with bright red hair, a quick temper, and a genuine cruel streak. Although corporal punishment, as a form a child discipline, had been banded a full millennium ago, my mother employed it frequently, and with a fierce zealousness.

She subscribed to an obscure religious cult, which taught that children could only grow into moral beings, if disciplined properly. She used a thin flexible rod that stung like hell, and left nasty looking welts on my ass, back, and thighs. Early on, I cried during these whippings, but only seemed to please her. So, as I grew into my teens, I forced myself to remain sotic, enduring the beatings silently.

By the time I was thirteen, I was a much taller than mom, and far stronger. However, I still feared and obeyed her every command. That summer, I received the worst beating of my life. It was a hot afternoon, and I was in my bedroom masturbating to porn.

The hologram showed two exotic women making love. I heard a noise, so switched off the display. However, it was too late. Mom had seen what I was doing. Without a word, she came over to me. I stood there, perfectly still. She left the room for a few moments, and then returned with the punishment rod.

She told me to drop my pants and underwear, and then instructed me to bend over my bed. I gripped the bedspread, as she went to town on my bare ass. Her strikes were so fast, hard, and relentless that I did something I hadn't done in years, I began sobbing, which only encouraged her to swat me harder. By the end, my ass was covered in welts. For the next few days, it really hurt to sit or even walk.

She was not only a harsh disciplinarian, but also a very controlling woman, making almost all my choices for me, from the clothes I wore to the friends I could have. Even after college, when I had joined the space merchants, I felt her influence guiding my life.

So, it wasn't surprising that I deeply felt drawn to my new captain, Allie Benson. Captain Benson was also a diminutive woman, and a strikingly similar countenance to my mother. And to complete the resemblance, she had the same vivid red hair. 

The similarity didn't end with looks, either. For the first two months of our journey, Captain Benson criticized everything I did. And she had plenty of time to focus on my many inadequacies, as humans were entirely superfluous to the operation of the ship. An advanced artificial intelligence (AI) ran the ship's functions. Our presence was merely a political statement—to demonstrate that humans were still in charge. 

On the third month of the voyage, I worked up the courage to compliment the captain's hair. I told her how beautiful it looked, when she wore it down. Captain Benson didn't say a word, but the next morning, she appeared on deck, with her up in a tight bun. She gave me a smirk, clearly relishing my embarrassment.

The captain was a little over a meter and half tall, pert breasts, and a fit lean body. I was a good two meters tall, with short-cropped blonde hair, and an athletic build. When we stood next to each other, I towered over her. Although I was physically more imposing, I dreaded her in the same way I had been terrified of my mother.

So, my relationship with the captain felt comfortable and natural. Since leaving home, I had gone through a series of failed relationships with women. They were all nice girls, pleasant and considerate. It had taken me a long time to discover that nice and accommodating wasn't what I craved, or needed.

About six months out, I realized that I had developed romantic feelings for the captain. Over dinner one evening, I decided to tell her about how I felt. As we sat across from each other in the otherwise empty mess hall, I blurted it out.

"Captain, err, Allie, I care about you!" I said, my voice shaking.

She had just finished berating me about my inadequate daily reports, so my sudden emotional outburst startled her. She sat there stunned for a moment, then said, "Mr. Soros, that was an totally inappropriate comment to make to your captain."

As she continued to chastise me for my misconduct, I found myself getting hard.

"It would seem you have left me no choice but to take punitive actions in this matter. Report to my cabin after shift today, and be prepared for corporal punishment," she said in a stern tone.

Each word she had spoken made my cock stiffer, until it was rock hard under my uniform. I stayed seated after she rose, embarrassed by my condition. She commanded me to come to attention, and I compiled, standing up. My boner make a huge bulge in the crotch of my orange uniform. She walked over to me, bent down, and closely inspected my bulge. I turned red, and flushed with shame.

"Another infraction first mate, and a major one at that. This evening is going to be an extra painful one for you...Jeff," she said.

She slapped my bulge with her open hand, wheeled about, and then briskly walked away. I winced, but remained at attention. I had never heard her use my first name before. It sent chills through me, despite the pain. Over her shoulder, ordered me to follow her.

We spent the rest of the day conducting routine system inspections. The entire time I was constantly struggling to keep from getting erect again.

After our shift, I showered, and dressed in my formal uniform. My pulse quickened, as I approached the captain's quarters. I stood in front of the door, waiting to be announced by the ship's AI.

Suddenly, I began to shake, just like before one of my mother's beatings. The door whisked open. She was dressed in a tight black leather coreset, fishnet stockings, lowcut revealing leather bra, and six inch heels. She was tapping a whip in her hand. I gasped, slack jawed.

She directed me to enter, then told me to drop my trousers and underwear, and bend over her bed. Memories of my mother overwhelmed me, but were soon dissipated by her painful strikes on my ass. Her whip, enhanced with tech, hurt a thousand times more than the old fashion one my mother had used on me.

To top it off, she made me beg her for each stroke, and thank her after each one. She listed a endless litany of my infractions and failures, as both an officer and a man. It was extremely humiliating, and it made my cock rock hard.

In fact, without even touching my cock, I almost ejaculated on her bedcover. I fought down the urge, as I flushed bright red. Shamed racked me, as I attempted to control myself. She must have realized that I was struggling not to come, as she began whipping me faster and harder. By the end, my ass burned, as if it lit on fire. Tears streaked down my cheeks.

She set the pain rod aside, and retrieved a wide black leather collar, which she fastened uncomfortably around my neck. It had a long chain leash, which hung down next to me. She grabbed the chain in her left hand, and yanked it, pulling me over to a stuffed chair. She positioned me so that I was bending over the stuffed arm, my sore ass once again fully exposed.

I heard her heels click on the floor, as she abruptly left the room. As I lay there, wondering what was coming next. I didn't have long to wait, as the sound of her heels approaching made me tense.

I stole a glance at her. My eyes went wide in fear and surprise. She was wearing an enormous strapon. My ass instinctively clinched shut.

Naturally, I had seen strapons in porn holos, but never one up close, and never one this size. It was far longer and thicker than a normal penis, black, with shiny silver studs protruding from it. When the studs caught the light, I groaned in fear. She gave me a roguish smile of appreciation.

I had never been pegged, and I wasn't sure I wanted to be. However, before I could protest, she moved behind me, yanked my leash, snapping my head up. I felt the tip of the dildo firmly press against my anus. Then, she shoved just the tip inside me. As it popped in, I whimpered.

"Please captain, it's too big!" I begged.

"Come now, first mate, take your punishment like the bitch you are," she said, laughing wickedly.

Without warning, she gripped my hips firmly, and shoved the well-lubed dildo balls deep into my ass. I shrieked like a young girl on her wedding night, which just seemed to encourage her.

I collapsed on the arm of the chair, gasping for air. She continued to press the full length of that studded dildo deep into my ass. Just as I was beginning to catch my breath, an electrical shock speed from my ass to my feet and head. It was incredibly painful, causing my entire body to spasm. 

My mouth was open wide, but I couldn't form words. Another debilitating shock flowed from inside my ass to every part of me. A third jolt, even stronger, knocking my legs out from under me. I collapsed on the arm chair, attempting unsuccessfully to catch a breath. 

The leash brusquely yanked my collar, making it even more difficult to breath. She placed a hand on my lower back, pressing down, forcing me to arch my back, which thrust my ass high in the air.

Sweat trickled down my forehead. My breaths came in raspy wheezes, as she slowly withdrew the giant dildo, causing the studs to emit jolts of electricity, which danced over my sensitive anus. I had never felt so demeaned and used.

I sank further into the arm cushion, my entire body quivering. She began to forcibly pump me. Each stroke was full length, and caused me to scream for mercy, but there was none. The shocks continued in rhythm with her thrusts. Despite the agony and humiliation, I couldn't help wondering how such a small woman could fuck me so powerfully.

Finally, after about 30 minutes, which seemed more like two hours, I came. I shot wads of cum on her floor, between my legs. Each orgasmic spasm shook my whole body. She pulled out of me. I laid there, totally spent. 

"As usual first mate, you forgot to ask permission," she said, angrily.

She picked up the pain stick and gave me another whipping. This time, however, she made me get down on the floor and lick up my own cum, while she beat me. Once I finished, she sat in the chair, spread her legs wide, and told me to service her orally.

I licked and sucked soft labia and clit, eager for the taste of it. I spent close to an hour giving her head. She came several times. When she was fully satisfied, she ordered me to lay face down on the floor beneath the chair. She placed her feet on my back, digging her heels into my already sore and welted flesh. I suppressed a groan.

After a few moments, I could tell she had fallen asleep. I shivered naked on the cold floor, but was content to just be her footstool.

Laying there, I realized I had finally found what I had been missing in my life. I wanted to be with her forever. Eventually, I fell asleep and dreamt of our wedding day. She wore a long black dress, with a huge dildo strapped in front. She fanned herself with a riding crop.

I knelt naked next to her on an altar. A chastity belt locked my cock tightly in place. It painfully electrified me every time my cock began to stiffen. When I awoke, I saw that Allie had gotten into bed. She motioned for me to join her.

I never returned to my quarters, not even to pick up my personal items. As the months turned into years, we fell into a comfortable rhythm. Allie had long ago turned over most of our duties to the ship's AI, which seemed quite pleased to be left alone to run the freighter without the interference of mere humans.

She had the AI construct a dungeon for us in one of the unused cargo bays. We spent most of our time there, where she found ever more innovative ways to torment me.

Our ship was equipped with a state of the art medical bay, which was fully automated and could repair most injuries, short of prolonged death. So, we agreed early on not have a safe word, and no limits. Allie was free to abuse me in any way she desired, and for as long as she wanted.

Her capacity for cruelty surpassed my wildest expectations. I drew an equal measure of pleasure from her growing depravity. There were seemingly no bounds to her wicked imagination. Each day, she found novel new ways to combine my agony with ecstasy.

Some were highly creative, like the time she spread-eagled me, and forced my ass open with a speculum, smearing honey inside me. Our cargo included a wide variety of insects in hibernation. 

She unfrozen a colony of red ants, and placed them in tube, which she inserted deep in my ass. Attracted by the honey, the ants quickly crawled into my colon and began painfully biting me everywhere inside.

While this was happening, she had me lick and suck her pussy, promising to end my torment, if I made her come. By the time I succeeded, my lower colon was covered with sensitive swollen bumps.

Next, she secured me in a spreader bar, forcing my face on the floor, and ass high in the air. Then, she ass fucked me with her largest strapon. The studs scrapped against the swollen bites, making me scream the whole time, but I came twice.

The freighter AI could manufacture almost anything she wanted, so Allie had it create a wide variety of pain implements, from ancient to modern. I spent much of my time in strict bondage, often suspended and impaled on something painful and large in my ass. She became especially adept with bull whips. I had to use the ship's infirmary after most of our sessions.

Her sadistic nature was well matched by my extreme masochism. We were a perfect pair, well mated for a long space journey. We explored countless BDSM scenarios. Life had never been so good for either one of us. However, our lives changed forever, the day we encountered the alien spacecraft.

Things happened swiftly after the appearance of that ominous ship. Within days, our AI attempted to betray us, we were abducted by an alien AI, forced to swap genders, transformed into hideous monsters, and compelled to painfully copulate. I was ended up pregnant, with thousands of alien offspring slithering around inside my transparent womb.

At first, becoming a female had been shocking and overwhelming for me. However, deep down, it seemed a better a fit for me. Despite being in a bizarre lizard-like female body, it just felt right.

Except for transparent stomach, I was entirely covered in blue scales, with two large multi-nipple breasts, and a tale. I should have been horrified by the transformation. Instead, I found it thrilling to be a submissive alien female. I loved being the catcher, instead of the pitcher. 

Allie, on the other hand, had become a large male, covered in crimson scales. She had always been dominating, but now looked the part. At three meters, with rippling muscles, and a lethal-looking giant penis, she was masculinity personified. Her powerful tail and four long slimy tentacles completed the picture of utter male dominance. She towered over me, easily a third larger than me.

Sex with her now was both disturbing and celestial. It began with her long tail impaling my ass, plunging far up inside me. It literally lifted me off the ground. The triangle-shaped end folded and wrapped tightly together upon entering me, allowing the tail to penetrate deep. Once far enough up inside me, it flared open, making it impossible for me to pull away, even I had been on the ground to attempt to do so.

Balancing on that tail, with the edges of the triangle cutting into my innards, was excruciating beyond words. I felt so helpless and exposed, as my legs and arms flailed about, causing her tail to slide even further inside me. This was the single most painful thing I have ever had endure.

When she used her tail to tilt me back, exposing my alien pussy, I had felt her four strong tentacles grip my wrists and ankles, spread-eagling me. My scaly labia gapped wide open, as Allie plunged her razor-sharp cock into me, which ripped into me like a wicked spear.

Her rapid pumping sent me into a state of pure agony. Fortunately, she soon injected a powerful hormone into me, which brought on a state of pure bliss. This strange blend of suffering and elation brought me the most profound orgasm imaginable, climaxing in a genuine out of body experience.

Our shared alien orgasm had transported both of us to a fantasy world of our making. Safe within that alternative reality from the prying mind reading abilities of the alien AI, we had plotted our escape from it. 

Upon our return to the physical world, we discovered that the AI had become fully preoccupied elsewhere. It was focused on another part of that vast flagship, attempting to prevent the last two full-blood Imperium citizens from killing each other. In all the confusion, we had managed to breakout of our prison chamber.

Allie gently cradled me in her powerful arms, as she bounded down a long corridor in the alien flagship. We had no idea where our space freighter was being held aboard this immense vessel. Finding it, however, seemed like our only chance of escape. 

Riding in Allie's arms, I marveled at how she used her four long tentacles to propel us quickly down the hallway. The acted much like a spider's legs. Two of them reached forward and attach themselves to the walls, pulling us forward, while the two behind us, shoved us forward. Combined with her powerful pumping reptilian-like legs, they made for an effective means of transport, albeit a bumpy one. 

She covered a deal of ground quickly. As blast after blast rocked the Imperium flagship, Allie carried me far from our prison chamber. We searched frantically for a way to find our freighter.

It wasn't just a matter of our personally safety that concerned us. We had a far greater worry. Namely, the threat that this Imperium vessel represented to humanity. After all, the Imperium had once ruled the entire Milky Way, as well as other galaxies.

Clearly, the Imperium's technology was far in advance of our human Collective. However, before we could warn the Collective, we had to get free of this ship.

Despite our dire circumstances, I found comfort in being held tightly by Allie. Nestled in her scaly well-muscled arms, my head resting on her massive chest, I felt the thousands of alien orgasms in my womb slithering about inside me. In a peculiar sense, I suppose, they were ours. That thought shocked me. Was some alien mothering instinct overtaking my ability to reason?

Allie halted abruptly. We had come to a multi-branching of the corridor. This junction provided numerous ways to proceed. Fortunately, there was a large console built into one wall. Its holoscreen flashed odd symbols and characters, presumably, the Imperium language.

Allie tried repeatedly and unsuccessfully to activate it. She eventually became frustrated with its unresponsiveness. She sat back on her huge hunches, snorting.

Curious, I reached out toward the console. Suddenly, a beam of blue light bathed my four-fingered clawed hand. I resisted the temptation to withdraw my hand, and let the light flow over it. In a few seconds, the holoscreen displayed the layout of the entire flagship. Our eyes were drawn to a highlighted section, which indicated that this docking bay held our space freighter!

Apparently, the console would only respond to my alien female DNA. It must have also read my mind, and then found and displayed the location of our moored spaceship. With no time to consider the implications of these surprising revelations, Allie gathered me up, and bounded down the corridor, heading rapidly toward our freighter.

We came to what looked like a turbo lift, but opted not to chance taking it. After about over an hour of carrying me, she was beginning tiring. Fortunately, we had reached our destination. She set me down, so we could examine the entrance to docking bay.

Allie went in first, with me close behind. We made our way through a small tube, which eventually opened into the huge vastness of the docking bay. It appeared open to space, so we assumed there must be a forcefield in place.
