 Tripletit 03: Journey To The Planet 

Copyright Oggbashan April 2008. Edited October 2018 

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

+++

Tripletit 03 was posted as Journey to Tripletit. This part is set ten years after Tripletit 02.

+++

I came to Tripletit as one of several mining experts seconded from Derek Trelawney's company to work with the Tripletit mining exploration company, set up as told in Tripletit 02: Saving The Planet".

I'm red-headed with a fair skin and burn easily in strong sunlight. Although highly qualified academically with considerable field experience, perhaps my most useful attribute is my size. I'm a small man descended from generations of small Cornish miners. My size means that I can get into places that larger people can't. I'm a caver and tunneller. 

The women on Tripletit are much larger than ordinary men. To most men, Tripletit females are giantesses and the men have to look upwards to see their triple breasts. My head reaches a Tripletit woman's waist. I had been close to one, Shona, for several months as one of her tutors while she was studying geology on Earth.

As Shona's tutor we had kept our relationship formal, although we had talked about Tripletit on many occasions since I would be going there. Those conversations had been between equals instead of tutor and graduate student. I admit it. I enjoyed being with Shona.

Shona, as the only Tripletit woman on the space trip, was a significant part of the briefing on the voyage. Most of it I already knew from our long talks on Earth, but it was interesting to hear the formal warnings, and the detail about customs and traditions on Tripletit. The briefing was extensive. Why not? We had time to spare while on the way. 

What it emphasised, that Shona had not, was the real need for me to have a Tripletit woman as a lover and protector. Shona called me aside afterwards.

"Mr Trewartha?" Shona said.

"Please call me Ricky," I asked. "I've finished being your tutor. We are equals now, and I hope can meet as friends."

"OK, Ricky, friend," Shona replied, "I think I need to warn you that you could find our customs even more difficult than the rest of the group."

"I could?"

"I'm not sure how to put this," Shona seemed embarrassed, "could we talk somewhere more private?"

"Sure. My place or yours?" I joked.

"Mine." 

Shona sounded serious.

"If that's what you think is best," I replied.

"It is. Your place wouldn't be equipped for someone my size. Come on."

She took my hand and led me away to the lifts. I felt like a toddler beside her.

In her room all the furniture was twice normal size. She picked me up and put me on her bed. I sat cross-legged in the middle as she sat on the edge.

"Ricky, you are smaller than most men who go to Tripletit."

"I'm smaller than most men anywhere," I replied.

"But on Tripletit you will be the smallest."

"Is that bad?"

"It might be. It depends on how you react to the women, and how they react to you. You see, our men are about your size or slightly larger. For reasons I won't go in to, smallness in our men is a highly desirable feature. The smallest men are the ones most sought after. You'll have almost as many women chasing you as a male pop star here -- perhaps more."

"Is there something wrong with that?"

Shona rubbed her chin. She looked away from me.

"Come on. Tell me. That's why I'm here."

"I haven't been completely honest with you, Ricky. I could have told you downstairs but..."

"But?" I prompted.

"But I'm a Tripletit woman. I'm away from my planet. I've been away for months and we are gregarious. That has been difficult enough to deal with. But now? I'm with the most attractive human I've ever met and I've been tempted over and over again while he was my tutor. But I couldn't... You've said you're my friend. That makes it harder."

I stood up and walked across the bed to Shona. I put an arm around her shoulder. She swung me to her lap so that we were face to face. I kissed her. She kissed me back and then pulled away.

"Are you sure you know what you are doing, Ricky?"

"Yes, Shona. You are lonely and unhappy. You've told us that Tripletit woman need to make love and will help any human in distress. If I can do the same for you?"

"Yes," Shona whispered. "You could."

"Then what are you waiting for?"

"You to get undressed?"

We giggled. I stripped as quickly as I could. Shona unfastened the buttons on the front of her dress and pulled it open. She unclipped her triple-cupped bra -- I didn't see how and that's something I'll have to learn -- and let her breasts free. I could see the difference between her central breast, smaller and pinker but still massive, and her larger left and right breasts. She eased my head towards her left breast which was already showing beads of liquid. I opened my mouth.

How can I describe that first taste of Tripletit milk? It was creamy, of course, but with a distinctive taste that is nothing like any other milk. The taste, although delightful, is nothing compared to the effect of the euphoria produced by it. I snuggled closer and barely noticed as Shona swung her legs up to the bed. She rested my body against her right side as she hinged in the middle, wrapping me wholly within her body. A hand eased my erection into her left slit.

From then on I was a passive participant. I could feel that Shona was holding back. Her body wanted to hammer at me, clamping me ruthlessly between her two outer breasts, with her hips scissoring me, banging my erection deep. She restrained her movements so that they were firm but gentle until she reached her first orgasm.

I too held back. It was difficult but I didn't ejaculate during her first orgasm. I held on until her third. Afterwards I slumped in her warm soft embrace still sucking her breast. Within a very few minutes I was ready again, far faster than I had ever managed with a human woman. 

Our coupling lasted for five hours. At the end I felt drained but reinvigorated. I felt more alive than I had done for years even if I couldn't have produced another ejaculation to save my life. 

"You need some rest," I heard Shona say from a long way away. "Take this."

I didn't resist as she switched me to her middle breast. After a couple of swallows my muscles relaxed into uselessness. A few seconds later I was sound asleep.

When I woke up I was still in Shona's cabin, swaddled tightly in a large sheet. I presume she had picked me up and wrapped the sheet tightly. I had to struggle for ten minutes or so before I could free myself.

I felt incredibly fit and active. I ran on the spot. I did hundreds of press-ups much faster than I had ever done before. I was doing one-handed press-ups when Shona returned, carrying a covered tray.

"Why...?" I started to say.

"Why did I wrap you up?" she continued.

I nodded.

"It was for your own protection. If a man falls asleep after making love to a woman from Tripletit, when he wakes up he will feel like violent exercise but his coordination will be poor for the first quarter of an hour or so. You could have injured yourself. By the time you had extricated yourself from the sheet, your coordination would have recovered to normal."

"But I didn't fall asleep!" I protested. "You paralysed me with..."

"I know. I wanted to keep you for myself, for a while. After sucking at my middle tit, the lack of coordination is even worse than just going to sleep."

"I should be annoyed."

"You're not, Ricky?"

"No. The sex was wonderful, unlike anything I've ever experienced."

"It should be. We Tripletit women are famous for it. I've brought lunch for us because we need to talk before we rejoin the rest of the passengers."

"Only talk, Shona?"

"Well, perhaps that as well, but we eat first."

Over lunch we talked about the planet Tripletit and the work I expected to do there. Shona had been on a year's postgraduate course in geological exploration, off-planet because Tripletit had few experienced geologists. My qualifications and experience were much greater than any Tripletit woman's and comparable to the best qualified man working there. Shona wanted to work with me, if that was possible.

She was employed by Derek Trelawney's company and her course had been sponsored by them. I had been working as a tutor while my body recovered from an accident. I was a consultant for the company, sent to Tripletit to assess mineral deposits in a cave system. I might be able to ask for Shona to be assigned as part of my team because I would need local staff.

After the meal we rejoined the rest of the passengers in the public rooms. We stayed together for most of the afternoon, sat together at dinner and went to our own cabins that night. But we had agreed to meet for breakfast.

We spent the next few days together. We made love at least once each day and every time I had to spend a couple of hours in the ship's gym working off the energy I had gained.

At one breakfast Shona expressed some concern about my skin colouring.

"Ricky, you know we will be arriving in Tripletit's summer, don't you?"

"Yes. I understand that we will land just as the hottest season begins."

"But Tripletit's summer sunlight is dangerous for humans. With your fair skin..."

"...I'll burn easily. I know. But I'll be underground most of the working day."

"Even we natives have to cover up during high summer. We have customs to protect our resident humans in the heat of the day, all of whom are paired with a Tripletit woman."

"Customs? What customs?"

"We wear long full dresses in summer. If a man needs to go anywhere during the day, especially between about 11 in the morning and 5 in the afternoon, he is carried inside a woman's dress which is opaque to sunlight."

"Carried, Shona? Carried how? Cradled in your arms?"

"No. Our arms are in the sleeves. The man is strapped into a harness that is like a corset. He can face outward, with the back of his head resting on the woman's middle breast, or inward, with that breast filling his mouth..."

"But then he'd be paralysed, wouldn't he?"

"Yes, Ricky, but whichever way he faces, he is completely in the dark. Most men prefer to have the breast."

"There's something else, isn't there, Shona?"

She seemed embarrassed. 

"I think we should continue this conversation in private, Ricky. Come on."

I walked beside her to her cabin. She lifted me on to her bed and sat beside me.

"What I didn't want to say in public was that the harness holds the man so that he penetrates her middle slit. He has a sustained erection. Her movement stimulates both of them, and although the man is paralysed he is not unconscious. He has a succession of orgasms as she walks, and is completely unable to stop the coupling until she undresses at their destination."

"And I'd need to be harnessed during most of the day, unless I was underground?"

"Yes. You would have to avoid the sun almost all day. Even morning or evening sunlight could burn your skin badly. Sucking at a woman's left or right breast stops infections, cures existing diseases, regenerates the body and gives far more vitality but cannot heal damaged skin."

"Can damaged skin be healed? Or do I have to be very careful not to damage it?"

"There is a way, but you would need to be married or at least in a long term relationship with a Tripletit woman for her to consider it. I think you would be better to assume that you have to avoid sunlight at all times."

"Even when I arrive on Tripletit?"

"Yes, Ricky. We are scheduled to arrive at 15.00 hours local time. That is the hottest part of the day and the sun is at its strongest. Once out of the space terminal, even in a taxi you would be at risk of sunburn until you get to your hotel. All the other passengers who are first time visitors to Tripletit are attending a conference based at the spaceport's hotel. They will only leave that for an evening tour, so they won't be affected."

"So, how do most male travellers get to their hotels? Do they take an underground train? Are there any?"

"No underground trains. Our cities are not that congested that we need to go underground. What travellers usually do is hire a professional porter. She would carry them to their hotel. For an additional fee she would probably provide an introduction to sex on Tripletit. It is a very popular addition because apart from being enjoyable it cures all existing infections or illnesses, removes space flight tiredness and gives the traveller far more energy."

"That sounds sensible. How do I hire one?"

"You wouldn't need to, Ricky. I could take you -- free."

"Are you sure? I wouldn't want to impose on our relationship, Shona."

"It wouldn't be an imposition. I'd like to. It will also stop you being mobbed by Tripletit females. You are going to be in demand as the smallest human male ever seen on Tripletit."

"But I've come to work, not to be a sex star. How can I avoid..."

"You won't be able to avoid it. You'll have to live with it, Ricky. You could be on demand on chat shows, at media events... You'll get invited everywhere."

"But..."

My words were stopped as Shona picked me up and kissed me. I relaxed into her arms. She was making sure that I was really enjoying the journey to Tripletit.

As our lips parted, Shona said:

"How about using the ship's gym?"

"Why?"

"I think you need a break before..."

"Before what?"

"More acclimatisation to Tripletit's customs, Ricky."

"If you think so, Shona."

"I do. I'll watch. I think you'll surprise yourself."

I did. Over the few days I had achieved more than my personal best on all the apparatus I used. Shona was amused at my delight in my improved performance.

"That's what I can do to you during this trip, Ricky. Imagine what a few weeks on Tripletit might do."

I was thinking that I would need my improved stamina to survive a few weeks on Tripletit.

We stopped for a coffee and then, after I'd had a quick shower, we returned to her cabin.

"I'd like to talk, first," I insisted.

"OK, Ricky, we have plenty of time, days in fact before the ship arrives."

"You said that the locals don't call Tripletit, Tripletit. Why not? What do they call it?"

"Tripletit is slightly rude. We accept that the rest of the universe calls our planet Tripletit..."

Shona thrust her triple breasts against her clothing. 

"...and we know why, but we prefer our own word which translates as 'mother earth'. Technically we live on Tri-Beta Arcturus Seven, or Trib for short. We understand that newcomers will refer to Tripletit, but it grates slightly on our sensibilities. Calling it 'Trib' is more polite."

"Thank you for that explanation. I'll try to remember to say 'Trib'. I have another question."

"Yes?"

"I'm employed by Derek Trelawney's company and I'm on loan to the Trib company. That company is not part of the Trelawney company at all, is it?"

"No. Our laws don't allow off-planet companies, or even subsidiaries of off-planet companies, to employ local people on Trib. I'm employed by Tri-Beta A7 Minerals, a wholly Trib-owned company. It is associated with, and works with, the Trelawney company but pays Trelawney for all the services they provide, including you, on loan from them. You won't be an employee of Tri-Beta A7 Minerals. You'll be a consultant and Trelawney will pay you, not the local company."

"Do you know what my status might be in Tri-Beta A7? Will I be a worker ordered about by everyone?"

"Certainly not! Apart from safety rules which everyone has to follow, you will be an independent agent, and as an off-planet consultant, you would report only to Tri-Beta's board that could make suggestions to you, but not give you orders. The only person on Trib who could give you orders is Derek Trelawney..."

"He's on Trib?"

"Of course. He lives here, with his wife Chloe. He runs the Trelawney company from here. He travels off-planet a lot, but his home is here. Which reminds me. Your name is Ricky Trewartha. His surname is Trelawney. They sound similar. Are you related?"

"It's unlikely. Although we are both descended from Cornish miners who left Cornwall in the 19th Century. Many Cornish people have names starting with 'Tre'. If we are related, it is such a distant relationship as to be meaningless."

"OK. But you know Derek, don't you?"

"I won't say I know him. I've met him a couple of times at company events. He specifically asked for me to come to Trib. He didn't say why but the terms he offered were too good to refuse."

"Refuse? That reminds me, Ricky. You haven't said yes or no to my offer to carry you to your hotel."

"I'm slightly embarrassed, Shona. I know we've made love, but being helplessly strapped to you like a baby seems..."

"You're not a baby. You're a mature adult man. You have demonstrated that. You are a small example, the smallest I ever met, but not that small where it matters. Let me put it this way. Would you prefer to be carried by me, a friend that you have made love with, or by a complete stranger?"

"If I have to be protected..."

"You do."

"Then I accept your invitation. I'd like to know exactly what's involved before we arrive. Is that possible?"

"That's a good idea."

Shona stood up, walked a couple of steps and opened her suitcase. She struggled with the contents for a few seconds and came back with a long dress draped over her arm.

"I'll have to change," she said. "Turn your back, please Ricky."

"If I must..."

"I don't want you to see the harness before we use it. If you were to use a professional porter you wouldn't see anything until you were clamped in it. That is what I am trying to reproduce. You can turn round now."

Her dress looked nearly the same as the clothes I had seen her wearing so far. She twirled in front of me. There was a difference. A large hood hung down her back.

"Come here and stand with your back to me, please Ricky. I'll show you the facing-out version first."

I stood.

Her hands lifted me upwards into near darkness inside her dress. There were a couple of clicks and I was suspended with my back against her warm soft skin. Her middle breast was resting lightly on top of my head. The dress seemed to push me hard against her. There was a slither, followed by a thud as her dress hem fell to the floor. Was the hem weighted?

The darkness was total, just like being deep in a cave system. Shona walked around the cabin, only a few steps each way. As she moved I was pushed harder against her body. My arms and legs were sheathed in the harness. I couldn't move them except to twitch my muscles. It wasn't a pleasant sensation being deprived of sight and voluntary movement. A few minutes would be bearable, but half an hour or so to get from the airport to a hotel? That would be very annoying.

"That is what it would feel like with a professional porter." I heard Shona say through the lightproof material covering me. "It is against their regulations to use their central breast to paralyse their customer. Some might do it if paid well enough, but they shouldn't. That is why Trib women almost always meet their human partners at the airport in summer. They can greet them and give the men a pleasant ride to wherever they need to go."

Shona lifted her dress slightly. I was aware of a faint glimmer of light below me. Her hands raised me, there were sounds of a couple more clicks and my mouth was opposite her naked central breast. The dress fell to the floor again plunging me back into complete darkness. Shona's dress forcefully pushed my head against her breast. Was it designed to do that? I couldn't resist the pressure. I opened my mouth. Warm milk flooded in. I swallowed and...
