 Tripletit 21: Panty Raid

Out of Sequence:

+++

Copyright Oggbashan November 2013. Edited October 2018. Tripletit 21 was posted as Tripletit Panty Raid.

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

This episode is set on another Earth-like planet and some of the warnings aren't necessary.  

+++

I have received my death sentence.

The results of my latest medical tests have confirmed my worst fears. I have developed the hereditary condition that affects some men in my family. It develops in the twenties, often skips generations, but all of us are carriers with the potential to affect our sons. The symptoms of increasing lassitude and weakness had become more severe over recent weeks. Getting up each morning was really hard. I had dreaded the result but it only told me what I really knew.

My girlfriend and possible fiancée, Alice, has been living with me for the last six months. More and more we were facing the prospect that she would become my resident carer as I slowly died. 

We had hoped that modern medicine might find a cure, or that we would have only daughters. She was prepared to marry me and take the risk. But I wouldn't let her take on a marriage that might make her a widow within a year.

Everything had depended on those tests. Now? I have a few months to live. Everything seemed bleak. 

The only interest that had taken my mind off the dreadful waiting had been our unusual next door neighbour Coralie. Coralie is a woman from Tripletit, that far-away planet inhabited by giant three-breasted women. Coralie is a giantess and the only person from Tripletit on our planet. She has been living next door to us for the last three months because we are in a very old building that has high ceilings and large tall doors on the ground and first floors. It is one of the few residential places suitable for her height.

I love watching Coralie. When we meet I have to stand back to see her face above her breasts. If I stand close, all I can see are her breasts cutting off the view upwards. 

Once she hugged me, after I had helped sort out a blocked wash basin for her. She had picked me up for that hug and pressed me against her smaller middle breast. The other breasts began to swing inwards, clamping my head in place, before Coralie sighed and lowered me to the floor. Although Alice is my love, I wonder what making love to Coralie would be like.

Coralie was contracted to be on our planet for a year. She had several months to go before she could return to Tripletit. She had gradually begun to look more worried and withdrawn as if she was missing something important to her.

The legends and stories about sex on Tripletit seem unbelievable. It is far too far away for tourism to be practical. Almost the only men who go there are specialised geologists or mining contractors. Apparently they have to be single. Normal women wouldn't enjoy Tripletit because the competition from the giantesses for any Earthmen is fierce.

Alice had encouraged my interest in Coralie because it detracted from my depressed mood. We had visited Coralie's flat. She had come less frequently to ours because it was less comfortable for her. Our furniture just isn't large enough.

Coralie and Alice are friends who share secrets they keep from me. My only serious argument with Alice has been about Coralie. Alice claimed that I didn't see Coralie as a person, but only saw her as an unusual sexual object. Yet for some reason Alice seems to want me to actually have sex with Coralie. Why? 

I admit that I am attracted to Coralie. I would, in theory, like to experience sex with her but she scares me. She is so much larger than any woman I have ever met or seen. Any sexual encounter with her would be with me as her victim. There is no way that it could be sex between equals, as it is with Alice.

Alice is right in one sense. I am intrigued by Coralie, and also her clothing. I'd like to handle Coralie's panties, which must be huge. Sometimes I get glimpses of her washing drying on the balcony at the front of her flat, next to ours. I have to peep sideways around the opaque dividing screen but she hangs her panties close to the screen, with her outer clothing on the part of the line I can see easily.

On the Friday evening, the day I had been told my death sentence, Alice was trying hard to rouse me from the deep depression caused by the loss of my future. She was failing. Even the offer of a night of sex didn't dent the gloom. As usual I'd have to wear a condom because I daren't get Alice pregnant with a possibly doomed male.

Eventually Alice snapped.

"Simon! Why don't you go and fuck Coralie! It would help you."

"How?" I retorted. "Is she into necrophilia? Fucking a dying man?"

"You're not dying now, today, this minute. Sex with Coralie might help."

"Help how? Make me realise just how helpless I am? She'd swamp me."

"That might do you good. She might take you out of yourself; see that you have some life yet to live, some experiences yet to have..."

"What do you want me to do, Alice? Draw up a list of fifty things I must do before I die with fucking Coralie at the top? I can't afford to do many of the things I'd like to do. I haven't got the energy for many of the free ones. I'll gradually get worse, turning you from a lover into just a carer."

"Of course I'll care for you, Simon. I love you. I want us to enjoy the time we have left. Coralie thinks she can help."

"The only thing I really want to do with Coralie is see her panties. They intrigue me. Are they sensible passion killers? Or large but sexy?"

"Why not ask her?"

"Where's the fun in that? She'd just be showing me her laundry. No. I want to pinch them from her washing line."

"Then, for fuck's sake, do it! She's meeting me for coffee tomorrow morning. You'll have a couple of hours. You could easily nip around the screen between the balconies and pinch her panties. You could have them to yourself for an hour or so before you need to put them back..."

"OK, Alice. It's a deal. I'll pinch Coralie's panties tomorrow morning."

Was I set up? The prospect of handling Coralie's panties had actually given me more excitement than I had felt for weeks. Alice and I did make love that night, gently and lovingly.

As I lay in bed half-awake the next morning I wondered just what it would be like to make love to Coralie. Would she be as overwhelming as I dreaded? As a person she seemed less intimidating than she would be as a possible sexual partner. 

Coralie arrived about ten in the morning. I made my excuses, loudly slammed the front door and crept upstairs to our balcony. Although I was worried that I wouldn't have the strength to do it, I found it very easy to cross from our balcony to Coralie's. I looked around to see if anyone was watching and crept behind the dresses hanging on the clothes line at the front of the balcony. There were Coralie's panties. I reached for a blue silk pair...

Large hands grabbed me. I was dangling in mid air with one hand covering my mouth. Coralie had caught me about to steal her panties. I could hear her giggling as she carried me through her flat into her bedroom. She sat down on the bed with me on her lap, her hand still gagging me.

"Well, Simon," she said calmly. "We meet at last. You've been avoiding me and ignoring Alice's broad hints. I don't want to force you into accepting what I can do for you, but maybe I can bribe you."

I couldn't understand what she was getting at. She picked up a pair of her panties, another blue pair, and held them in front of my face.

"Would you like these, Simon? As a present for you to keep?"

I was embarrassed. Had Alice told Coralie everything? But the prospect of owning a pair of Coralie's panties was very tempting.

"You want them, don't you?"

Despite myself I nodded.

"Getting them is very easy. All you have to do, with Alice's full agreement, is suckle on one of my breasts. Will you?"

I was shocked. Suck on Coralie's breast? The idea was very attractive. I would like to know what was so special about a Tripletit woman's breast.

"Please, Simon." Coralie was actually pleading with me. "Do it for Alice, if not for yourself. It means so much to her."

She moved my head so that my face was very close to her left breast. She uncovered my mouth so that her hand could unfasten the bodice of her dress. There was an erect nipple a couple of inches in front of me.

Her hand gently moved my head closer, my mouth almost touching the nipple.

"All you have to do is open your mouth, Simon. That's not too hard, is it?"

Reluctantly my lips parted. Coralie eased her nipple between them. I opened wider. More of her breast entered.

"Suck, Simon, please?"

I could feel the milk seeping into my mouth. I sucked.

My first taste of Coralie's milk was like discovering a new sensation for the first time, a sensation that I would want to repeat again and again. I sucked harder until her milk was flowing freely, so freely that I had to swallow hard to avoid choking on it.

Coralie's hand stroked my head.

"Please, Simon, keep sucking."

As she spoke I was aware that her body was moving around me. Her right breast began to press at the back of my head, her middle breast against my cheek. My eyes tilted upwards to see Coralie smiling down at me as if I was achieving something momentous.

I sucked for about ten minutes before Coralie's body moved again. My lips were against her middle breast. I felt her press me inwards. Why not? I opened my lips again to accept that breast too. I remembered nothing else until I woke up in my own bed. 

My head was resting on Coralie's blue panties. I turned my head. They stretched from side to side, completely hiding the pillow underneath. I tried to move. I was tied to the bed with Alice's pantyhose around my body and ankles yet my hands were free. I could release myself.

But I couldn't. My hands wouldn't obey my brain. They were clumsy and uncoordinated for the next few minutes. Slowly they came under my control. I was just about to unfasten the first knot in the pantyhose when Alice walked into the room followed by Coralie. They were both smiling as if I had done something clever.

Coralie sat on the edge of my bed which groaned under her weight. She quickly untied me, lifted me from the bed and held me against her shoulder.

"Do you know what Coralie has done, Simon?" Alice asked.

"Breast-fed me?" I replied.

"More than that, Simon," Coralie said. "Yes, you have sucked at my breasts, but Tripletit breast milk has unique properties. It cures people. You are no longer ill. You aren't dying. Your hereditary disease has gone. You aren't even a carrier anymore. That has ended -- forever."

"I can't believe that..." I blurted.

"It's true!" Coralie and Alice said as one.

"Then I owe you my life, Coralie. How can I repay you for that? I can't."

"There is something you could do for me," Coralie said. "It's easy. All I want is to make love to you a few times."

"Alice?" I asked. "What do you say?"

"I've been telling you for months that you need to make love to Coralie. Do it! It won't make any difference to my love for you, or your love for me. But it will mean a lot to Coralie. Please?"

"Simon," Coralie said, "I'm alone on this planet. I have been for months. If I was on Tripletit I could grab any passing man and make love to him. It wouldn't mean more than a hug means on Earth. Yet, here, I can't. You are the only man close to me who is a friend. Please?"

"How can I refuse?" I answered, "when both women I love want me to."

"My panties will mean even more to you once you've got inside them..." Coralie was smiling.

"It's the least I can do for someone who has given me my life back."

"Come on. Now!" Coralie was insistent.

"I'm not sure I have enough strength..." I demurred.

"You will have. You don't have to do much," She replied. "And my milk gives you more energy anyway."

"OK."

Alice grinned at me. Coralie picked me up, carried me through the flat and into hers.

Coralie undressed herself and me as I watched her triple breasts with fascination. She brought my face to the right breast, pushed it into my mouth and her hand slid my erection into her right slit.

I gasped as her body closed around me. I was the meat in a Coralie sandwich, totally wrapped with one breast gagging me, one pressing the side of my face and the third pushing at the back of my head. Her breast went further into my mouth than it had done before and I sucked eagerly as the milk trickled down my throat.

My erection lasted longer than it had done for months. With each passing minute I felt stronger, more alive, and Coralie squeezed me rhythmically. Eventually I could stand no more and came into her.

But what was this? I had come, but I was still erect? Coralie kept me tightly wrapped and her rhythm became more insistent, more demanding. I could sense her reaching a climax, shuddering with excitement and relaxing slightly before reaching another peak. I came into her again and again.

Finally her movements slowed. She shifted me to her middle breast and pushed it past my lips. I sucked and drifted off into unconsciousness again.

I woke up to find Alice astride me. My erection was deep inside her and she was pounding on me. As she lifted her hips my body followed her, clamped to her. I came into Alice and she slumped across me. My hand moved down to find that we were held together inside a pair of panties -- Coralie's.

For the next few weeks making love to Coralie and then Alice became an event to welcome several times a week. I felt myself becoming stronger and stronger. My tiredness had vanished. I had a future, and I wanted to share that future with Alice even if Coralie returned to Tripletit.

I asked Alice to marry me. She accepted the rejuvenated Simon with alacrity with one proviso. She wanted Coralie as a bridesmaid. 

I had to go for long walks when Alice and Coralie started making Alice's wedding gown and the bridesmaid's dress Coralie would wear. The proximity of my fiancée Alice and triple-titted Coralie both half naked was almost unbearable. I wanted to make love to both of them.

On our wedding day Coralie was a sensation. She followed Alice up the aisle, dwarfing her and everyone else. At the end of the reception she picked both of us up and carried us to the bridal suite. Once there, we all stripped. 

Coralie put me to one of her breasts and Alice to the other. We sucked as Coralie's body gradually closed around us, easing us away from her breasts and pushing us tightly together. Alice's hand fed my erection inside her and we made love to Coralie's rhythm. After I came the first time Coralie laid us down, still coupled, dressed and left us together. The energy Coralie's milk had given us was enough for us to make love again and again until well beyond daylight.

Coralie's wedding present to us was one of her undergarments. It was a silky item reinforced with Lycra and something like a corset. Once zipped around the two of us we were held together nearly as tightly as being wrapped in Coralie's body. We used it frequently, especially on our wedding anniversaries, to remind us of what Coralie had done for us.

Even after our wedding I made love to Coralie until she had to return to Tripletit. Each time she drugged me with her middle breast and I came to making love to Alice. Our marriage was temporarily a threesome. When Coralie invited us to her flat for 'coffee' that often ended with Alice and I latched on to Coralie's outer tits.

Long after Coralie had left us, Alice gave birth to our first child, a daughter. Of course we named her Coralie.

But Coralie had left us one last gift. She didn't know, we didn't know, but if an Earth woman sucks at a Tripletit woman's breast often enough, it will change her own body. When that Earth woman lactates, her milk will also have the healing properties that Tripletit breasts have.

Our baby Coralie was free of any childhood illnesses.

The End of Part 21