 "Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Kasey! Happy birthday to you!"

Kasey beamed at the tablet screen, where her family gathered into frame. Her mom and dad, little brother and baby sister, even her dishevelled grandma squeezed into the picture. They clapped and cheered as she blew out the candle on the cake they'd sent her. Madeira with extra frosting and an abundance of cream at the centre. Her favourite.

"What'd you wish for?" Her brother, Mike, demanded, young face alight with curiosity.

"Not telling," Kasey teased.

"Sorry we couldn't be there," Ashleigh, her mom, said.

"You'll just have to make it up to me at Christmas."

"Aye, that we will," Greg, her dad, said. She inherited a lot from him, from her scarlet hair to her strong figure. In the corner of her screen, Kasey saw her own video feed. She didn't look twenty-two, but who did?

"Ka-sey," Mona, the tiny child of her family, said and giggled when her mom tickled her as a reward, baring her toothless grin.

"She misses you, sweetie," Ashleigh said, "We all do."

"You'd better get some good grades out there," her dad contrasted, square jaw locked into a strict expression. It broke at a slight jab from his wife, "And make friends, of course."

"And bring me back some toys!" Mike exclaimed.

"I will," Kasey chuckled. Someone knocked on her door, "I've got a test to study for. I'll talk to you soon."

"Right. Study," Greg said dryly, "Code for boys."

"Oh, leave her alone. She's not that type of girl. Right?" Ashleigh levelled her stern gaze on the college student, stormy eyes unwavering as they attempted to dig into her soul.

"Right. Bye," Kasey closed the app, "Come in!" Through her door, stepped Grace, a tall athlete on a track scholarship. She flopped atop her bed, wheezing from her morning run.

"Happy birthday," Grace said and dabbed at her face with a towel. As usual, her exercise left her skin coated in a dull sheen of sweat, its scent pronounced against the fresh lime of Kasey's shampoo, and forced Kasey to avert her gaze. The runner's chest heaved with her laboured breaths, each inhale announcing her plentiful bust and cleavage to the world.

"Thanks," Kasey busied herself with searching through her notebooks, "How was your run?"

"Pretty good, I guess," Grace shrugged and leaned back, sighing as her legs spread open. Her shorts opened to let air circulate, and, unknowingly, bombard Kasey with the scent of her roommates sex.

"Cool," Kasey said. She breathed through her mouth. A flicker of heat sparked beneath her skin, warming her stomach and spreading through her veins. Her legs lurched at the brush of her cock against her thigh, sending a tingle past her balls, into the lush mound of her vagina. Dampness welled up soon after, darkening her sweatpants.

"I'll, uh, be right back," Kasey stood and rushed out into the dorm halls. Her room resided at the end, furthest from the stairwell and elevators. She hurried to them, each step bringing her attention back to the overflowing moisture coursing down her thighs. Her pants, once dull grey, had turned near-black and clung tight to her skin. The futa glanced back and saw a trail of her fluids on the carpet. She hastened her steps.

The shared facilities stood on the ground floor, beneath the three floors of college students. The kitchen, toilets, showers and rec room all bore the brunt of frustrations of dozens of students, each tasked with succeeding to justify their debt. Self-destruction lurked at the corners of every mind in that building. Except one.

Kasey's mind dwelled on the pleasant, horrifying sensation of her pussy letting down. She paused in front of the showers door, listening for any activity within. None. The futa glanced down at herself. Her crotch rose in a long tent, the damp fabric strained by her erection. The tip bulged and sank as her member throbbed, gushing pre-cum to mix with her waterfall-pussy. And those were the start.

She stepped inside, leaving a deep puddle of her aromatic juices behind, and staggered to a shower stall. Once inside, she kicked off her pants, turned the cold water on high and yelped as it hurtled upon her. The icy shards broke apart on her skin, their touch chased away the desire. Her cock twitched and jettisoned pre faster, blasting the stall with her filth, while her snatch took responsibility for most of the splashing below, as if seeing the shower as a challenger. The cold finally took effect.

Kasey slid down the wall. Her curvy ass splashed against the diluted mix of her fluids. Their scent swirled within the air, hot and heavy, dampening her senses to any other odour. Still, she thought and stared between her spread legs, disaster avoided. Her dick rested atop her tennis ball sized testes, its cowl of foreskin dangled to brush against the ground. A bead of pre-cum oozed out in a poor imitation of the constant trickle from her pussy.

Even now, lulled to sleep by the chill that seeped to her bones, her fairer sex drooled with lust. A desire few things could quiet, let alone silence. For years now, it hung at the edge of her consciousness, pawing at her decency, incessant as an attention starved cat. And, as a feline would do, it struck when she least suspected it. Repeated mornings led her to discover fresh sheets drenched in her scent.

She'd cowed it enough that she could avoid an incident most mornings. Still, if she allowed herself to become backed up, to the point she popped a boner at the slightest provocation, Kasey often woke to the reminder of her condition. And yet she never came in her sleep. She hoped her body understood the danger such a thing posed.

Kasey exited the showers, certain her fluids would be brushed off as water, and stopped by laundry. She dropped off her pants, put on a fresh pair she kept stowed away for such an occasion, and returned to her dorm room.

"Feel better?" Grace asked upon her entry.

"What?" Kasey squeaked. Did she know? How?

"You looked kinda pale before," Grace explained, brow arched in amusement, "Did somebody forget the pill?"

"N-no," Kasey sighed, relieved even as her face burned.

"Chill out. I know you're a virgin," Grace chuckled, "Can't imagine how, though." She cast a critical eye over the redhead. Her gaze flicked between them, comparing their figures.

Kasey didn't compare, not in her mind. Grace sported a large bust, svelte waist and an ass sculpted to perfection, all atop her long, toned legs. Opposite her, Kasey stood average. Dainty handfuls curved from her chest, down into a soft belly and flared out into her sleek hips. That's what she was; sleek. With one exception that few others knew of.

"I've gotta get ready," Kasey said. Classes make for a perfect excuse, if a cliched one. Grace let the subject drift away as the futa prepped her bag for the slew of classes. Modern art came first, followed by Abstract, then Appreciation. She glanced outside her window. Grey skies hitchhiked on the breeze, blown in from a far off storm. The sun blazed valiantly behind the clouds, but its illuminance was dampened. Perfect for the dull day ahead.

And for her next activity. Kasey zipped up her bag, slung it over her shoulder and left. She had an hour before classes, enough time for her to alleviate the toiling pressure within her heavy sack and pussy. Her college was designed to be scenic, offering numerous options for the students to take inspiration from, or outright copy, as such the campus sat in the centre of a dense woodland. A single asphalt road led in and out.

Kasey followed that road for ten minutes before she saw her marker and turned into the forest. Several metres in, she stopped and took a deep breath. The air should be clean, tainted by the scents of nature, freed from human influence. Yet her nostrils flared and a shudder passed through her spine at the dense fog of semen that hung around her. After three years of college, she'd come here often enough to saturate it in her musk.

"God, I shouldn't like this," Kasey whispered as she stripped down to her skin. The cool, morning air caressed her, welcoming the futa back. She hung her clothes and bag on a nearby tree, one safe from the usual blast zone, and looked to the field of destruction and seed she'd wrought.

Shattered tree stumps laid on the cum-coated earth, broken by hundreds of her orgasms. Specks of dirt and moss peeked through the white, crusty landscape. It had rained yesterday, diluting her recent load and uncovering a large, fallen Maple. Kasey stood in her usual spot, naked toes squelching in the rain and cum slosh she and natured had created. Her cock hung halfway to her knees, veins pulsating.

She took another, long inhale through her nose and shuddered once more. Her body ignored the cold as heat pumped through and from her, urging her member to stand at attention. It swelled and hardened. Pre-cum dripped at half-mast, then flowed as she neared her full erection. Rivers gushed from her peak, shoving past her urethra to streak down her swollen underside, across her churning gonads and pour onto the ground below. Moments later, her pussy flushed with desire.

Kasey wrapped a hand around her cock. Her fingers were instantly covered in pre and slid along her length, ripping a moan from the futa. She pushed her spare hand past her balls, under the torrential rain of her pussy. It splattered the earth in her fem-cum, crashing against fallen leaves and creating a widening puddle. Like its sister, her hand was soon drenched.

She stroked her length, forcing greater gouts of transparent slime to spurt forth. Kasey's eyes lulled shut, her lips parted and moans echoed into the empty air. Animals had long since abandoned this part of the forest, recognising her habitual returns. Her pussy welcomed her fingers with a deluge of juices.

Toward the back of her salivating cunt, she curled the digits to scratch at her g-spot. Fluid squirted from around her three fingers, as though startled by the burst of pleasure. It resumed control, now letting down entire ounces by the second. A litre bottle would've been filled by then. And she hadn't cum yet.

She spread her fingers and added a fourth. Her other hand glided over her cock, tight gripped but drenched in slimy pre. Kasey's hips followed the rhythm. They rocked to and fro, fucking the slick tunnel crafted by her grasp. The flow of her juices increased. Pre-cum jetted from her dick to land several feet away, or poured across herself in the meantime, while her snatch mimicked a waterfall. When she moved to Canada, she thought of it as her personal Niagara Falls.

A comparison that proved truer than she'd like. In the three years since college started, her production seemed worse than ever. Yet she couldn't dislike it. Not at that moment.

Above the pleasure of her masturbation, stood the sensation of pumping out so much fluid. The touch of her hands and fingers was nice, wonderful even, yet they were but a means to an end. With more time to spare, Kasey could cum without a single touch, brought to the brink time and again by her production alone. Her pussy clenched and shoved a fresh torrent out. The pressure shoved against her walls, stimulating every slight crevice. Likewise, her prick convulsed in pleasure as it spewed pre-cum.

The process alone made her crave more. First, her pre welled up within her balls, they swelled with it, often expanding from apples into grapefruits, sometimes beyond if she went too long between releases. Once her blood flowed into her cock, erecting her foot-long slab of meat, her bloated testes clenched and pushed her pre-cum through her shaft. It stretched the tube along the way, pressing against nerve-endings throughout every inch. Then came her release.

Her pussy resembled it but on a greater level. Rather than releasing spurts alongside the ebb and flow of her pleasure, her prolific cunny gushed regardless of stimulation. Kasey panted as her movements hastened, compelling still greater levels of production. Her toes curled within the pussy-infused dirt, as her hands slid and pumped respectively. One arm was covered in juices to the elbow.

Her breaths stuttered as she moaned higher. Slimy cock juice rocketed from the tip, each spurt cloudier than the last, inundated with sperm. The rainfall of her pussy intensified. Kasey opened her eyes, staring down at her stroking hand through a half-lidded gaze. Her lewd shaft and hand glistened in the dull light, coated in layer upon layer of dick goo. A pressure built deep within her gut, forcing her to bend as she masturbated faster.

"Yes, yes, yes... hmm, yeah!" Kasey straightened her posture and thrust her hips out. She yanked her fingers from her snatch, piling another source of pleasure upon her climax. Everything went still. The air settled, far off sounds drifted away and her fluids stopped. She wasn't fooled. Kasey clamped both hands around her cock.

The shaft leapt in her grasp. Its urethra widened as an explosion of white raced forth. She'd read many erotic stories that described an orgasm as such, but this personified the words. Kasey's mouth hung open in a mix of ecstasy and undying shock. Her tar-thick jizz shot forward, charging at what had to be hundreds, perhaps thousands, of miles per hour. A thunderous crack shattered the calm. In the distance, another tree swayed and fell.

A second shot followed. Opposite it, her pussy unleashed a tsunami wave of juices, every drop as pungent and enticing as any other. Her feet slid out from under her. Kasey fell on her ass. She winced and realised her face was in her cock's firing path. The futa jerked her head back as the third blast roared past. Despite the near-death experience and slight sting in her rear, Kasey moaned as her orgasm persisted for another thirty seconds.

"Fuck," Kasey said, breathless from the bliss and afterglow. Her cock had aimed up after she fell, sparing the trees any significant damage, though someone could be soaked in cum if they were unfortunate. She giggled and brushed a stray lock of red from her face. With the deposit of fresh cum, her musk came through stronger than ever. Although it could be something else, she thought and studied her filthy hands, both saturated in her fluids.

Dressed and fresh from a vigorous visit to the bathroom, Kasey sat down for the first lecture of the day. Every week she had one day of theoretical classes, each carried out in duplicates of the same room. Designed after the typical lecture halls seen in film, the room slanted down to the front, with rows upon rows of desks elevated upon each other. Student works hung on the walls and oversaw each line. As though the alumni judged the present.

Their presence did nothing to Kasey. She worked hard and enjoyed doing so. No, they were unimportant in her mind, nothing more than a bar she needed to stand above. They hung there to encourage and stress students. She lived under a constant barrage of pressure each day, long before she moved from Britain. Though it had increased since then.

In no small part due to Grace. She slept in nothing more than a pair of shorts and a loose belly shirt, which often went askew during the night and offered a blatant view of her nipples. When she woke, she refused to get dressed until her run, giving Kasey an outstanding display of her honed figure. And shower days were the worst. Grace claimed to enjoy maximum comfort when at 'home' and forewent a towel anytime she could. Even the dorm inspectors had given up on her.

Grace had different classes to her. At first, she thought it a blessing, a respite from the gorgeous athlete. But, where Grace couldn't be, something far worse took her place.

"Hi, Kasey," Beth said as she passed and took her seat. She sat two rows down from Kasey, slouched forward on her desk to rest atop her breasts, each mound, huge and braless, squished through the tortured tank top she wore. A large jacket rested on her chair. Her mini-skirt and pantyhose were hidden by the plastic desk, yet no less tantalising as Kasey pictured the girl's plump thighs.

She turned her head to flash Kasey a lax grin, unperturbed with paying attention as the lecturer walked in. Beth's attention remained fixed upon the secret futa, whose own eyes shot between the speaker, a dull woman with greyed hair and a dry approach to art, and the girl. Both had their merits. One could pass or fail her. The other could fuel another spectacular orgasm.

Kasey pinched herself and focused on the class. A trickle of moisture brimmed from her snatch and ran down her thigh, staining its in path into her oil black jeans. An acceptable lapse, she thought, but one that couldn't happen again. Not until she had the time and freedom to masturbate, which, in itself, lied the problem. Each time she brought herself to a mind-addling climax, she craved another. Even now, in a place surrounded by people, her desire simmered beneath the surface.

The class progressed. Kasey locked her gaze to her notebook and the pen, guiding its movements into a purposeful pattern of elegant script, regardless of how far behind she became. Anything to spare her the torment of Beth's visage again. She and Grace tested her restraint to its limits, though the former was unintentional. Beth made it a point to be in her view often as possible. She couldn't be warm dressed as she was, nor did it seem practical. Her top looked poised to tear any moment.

Kasey jerked her head back down. When had she started staring? No more. The futa flipped to the back of her book and let the pen fall, free to draw whatever it wished. Once an outline was complete, she could fall into the trance of completion, filling in minor details and added greater ones as necessary. She paused as the erotic shape of Beth formed on the lined paper.

A walking wet dream, the futa thought. Her swift outline didn't compare to the real thing mere feet away, but it conveyed enough to stoke her desire. Svelte features juxtaposed with curves so thick few girls could contend. Kasey looked to her drawing's muse, whose gaze hadn't drifted. 

A strong, narrow jawline led into Beth's short, platinum hair. Minimal makeup masked her features, the most obvious being the blue eyeshadow framing her sleek glasses. She sported pouted lips, painted in azure and a slight, pointed nose. A faint scar marred her left cheek. Powerful, if minimal muscles lined her back and, Kasey presumed, her pecs to support envious bosom.

Drip. Drip. Drip. Kasey paused her inspection of the striking girl at the subtle sound. Her jeans squelched as she moved her leg, drenched from crotch to bottom, while her underwear strained against a burgeoning erection. She glanced about. No one looked her way, unaware as to the crisis befalling her. The futa tilted her head and spread her thighs. A puddle had formed on her chair. To anyone else, they might assume she had wet herself, a prospect she wished were true. The sharp snap of a pencil whipped her head up.

She didn't discover the source of the noise. Her gaze levelled on Beth's unwavering stare, caught in her hazel eyes. The dripping turned to a dense splash. Everyone turned in Kasey's direction, brows creased in annoyance and curiosity. Her teacher followed suite, though her gaze carried a far greater weight. Kasey grabbed her bag and rushed from the lecture. At the door, she hesitated and glanced back.

Beth also stood. Seated, her breasts were enormous globes of delight trapped within her clothes. Standing, they hung past her waist and extended several inches to the front and sides. Captivating cleavage sank into the depths of her tank top, the straps of which strained to level their dual burdens. Kasey moaned and sprinted from the room, leaving a puddle on the ground.

"Oh, fuck me!" Kasey groaned when she stepped into the hall. On either side, students approached, either to pass through or wait for their own class in that room. Fear did nothing to temper her arousal. Kasey weighed her options. Each path was crowded, students shoulder to shoulder, blocking anyone from creating space or backing away. To her right, she saw the girl's bathroom. Going inside wasn't a choice. Try and slip past the others, or retreat into the restroom.
