 One hundred and sixty million years ago, a small moon, orbiting a gas giant, in a planetary system near the center of Milky Way Galaxy, gave birth to a reptilian species that rapidly became sentient. The civilization it spawned was hardly noteworthy, except for one highly unique quality. Namely, its rapid rate of development.

It went from stone age to industrial age in just under 100 solar cycles. As a means of comparison, it took humans on Earth nearly 6,000 years to achieve the same milestone. Within another 100 years, this reptilian society had discovered faster-than-light (FTL) travel, and began expanding across the Milky Way. This culture eventually became known as the Imperium.

The Imperium conquered every civilization it encountered, some of which were far older and more advanced. A few of the most technologically savvy cultures managed to slow the Imperium's onslaught, but ultimately, they all fell before the empire, outpaced by the sheer power of superior evolution. The Imperium learned, adapted, and progressed logarithmically faster than any other race. Nothing seemed beyond their gasp, as they relentlessly marched across the stars.

Faced with the vastness of the galaxy, the Imperium decided to genetically reengineer it females, so that each one could produce thousands of children. Nonetheless, the fundamental method of mating and birthing remained the same, steeped in prehistoric traditions and biology. This process always culminated with the female giving birth in a warm spring, rich in minerals.

The offspring would feed of the female's multi nipple breasts. They young learned quickly to cooperate during feeding time. And, within a week, they could consume solid foods, freeing the mother to return to her duties, while others raised her children. It was a highly efficient system for swiftly increasing the Imperium's numbers.

The maturation cycles were also genetically shortened, so that the children reached adulthood in less than a year, fully capable of assuming their places in the empire. Even with these substantial improvements to reproduction and maturation, it took 30 million years to occupy and control the entire Milky Way.

Once this was accomplished, the Imperium turned its attention to neighboring galaxies. It required another 70 million years to conquer three adjacent galaxies. By then, the Imperium had reached its peak of influence and supremacy.

Its members had become nearly immortal, immune to all known disease, with bodies that could heal almost instantaneously, even from the most serious of injuries. The males of the species stood three meters tall, with immense powerful red-scaled bodies, and long triangularly pointed tails. Females, on the other hand, were about a third smaller, covered in dark blue scales. Although females couldn't match the males' sheer strength, they were far faster and more agile.

During the Imperium's millennia long expansion, their society had become stratified. Out of necessity, only males ventured beyond known space to conquer new worlds, while females created the starships and weapons that made their never-ending conquests possible. This distribution of duties came about, in large part, because females were required to birth the population, and their speed and dexterity made them well-suited for manufacturing and engineering.

Of course, the Imperium had long ago discovered how to build artificial wombs. However, they had never put the technology into widespread use. There was just something so primal and hardwired about the way they mated and birthed that, despite the Imperium's impressive ability to rapidly evolve, in this one area, they had stood still. Except for the genetic alterations to increase the rate of reproduction and maturation, the essentials of copulation and birthing remained the same as it was when the race had first emerged from the oceans of their home world.

At the beginning of the Imperium civil war, scholars fiercely argued about the cause of the gender conflict. Some believed that their inability to change mating and reproduction rituals were at the heart of the conflict. It was an incredibly brutal act for females, involving them being impaled on the males' tails, spread-eagled by their mates' tentacles, and penetrated painfully with razor-sharp cocks.

Nonetheless, many male scholars insisted that the females instinctually relished this fierce mating, as it also involved the males injecting them with a powerful hormone that engendered pure bliss. And, of course, there was the out of body experience that both participants enjoyed together during climax. Whether it was the savage mating ritual, uneven division of labor, or burdens of child rearing, the civil war raged on.

The entire Milky Way became a warzone, and soon the battle spread across the other Imperium galaxies. With their ability to design superior weapons and ships, the females gained an early advantage in the war. However, the males' extensive experience as tacticians and warriors eventually gave them the upper hand.

The fight raged on for over a millennium, killing over 98% of the Imperium population, and destroying all their major cities and ships. Even entire planetary systems had been demolished by a weapon capable of exploding stars. When it became apparent that neither side was going to win outright, the females created an insidious computer virus, designed to turn the males' ships and weapons against them.

It was an extremely effective strategy. Within 100 years, the entire Imperium male population had been completely wiped out.

With only a few million Imperium females left alive, they journeyed back to the world that had first given birth to their race. They had planned to regrow the Imperium, but this time around, they would make sure that females dominated the new society. With no males left, they were forced to rely on technology to impregnate themselves.

However, the males had reached out of from the grave to destroy the last females. Unbeknownst to the females, the males had tampered with their DNA reserves. When they attempted to use it in reproduction, a horrible genetic disease rapidly spread to ever last female. They died quickly and painfully.

With no survivors, or viable DNA, there was no way to repopulate the Imperium. The remaining Imperium warships no longer had masters or purpose. So, they hurdled themselves into the sun that warmed their home planet. In just a few thousand years, all traces of the Imperium was gone. New civilizations arose to take their place.

In the last days of the Imperium, the females had constructed their most impressive technological achievement, an enormous flagship, and named it Kang. Its immense firepower had been responsible for single-handedly destroy dozens of male controlled solar systems. However, with the death of the females, Kang had been left to fend for itself. 

The giant warship had refused to accept defeat, and swore an oath to find a way to restore the Imperium, no matter how long it took. In a quest for viable genetic materials, the flagship spent 60 million years combing the stars. However, Kang had been unable to locate anything usable for resurrecting the Imperium.

Then, just a millennium ago, the ancient AI had stumbled on a remote Imperium outpost in a distant galaxy that contained one living male warrior in deep hibernation. Buoyed by this discovery, Kang set off to find a female, or at least viable female DNA. As luck would have it, the ship had finally come across a living Imperium female in hibernation. It was aboard a rudimentary space freighter.

"Stop history lesson," Jeff said.

I looked up at Allie, the worry on her face apparent. I was so pregnant, it was impossible for even Allie to move me. I had discovered a learning device aboard our stolen Imperium scout ship, and had been eager to use it to find out more about Imperium pregnancies. I shook my head to clear it.

"Jeff, are you okay? Did you find anything useful?" Allie inquired, stroking my forehead, gently.

"I think so. Child birthing will not kill me. And feeding and raising this huge brood will only be a short-term undertaking. Within a week, they will be able to eat solids. This scout ship can replicate droids to assist in child rearing from that point on. In fact, our offspring will reach adulthood in just under a year, fully capable of taking care of themselves from that point on," I said, then groaned loudly, clutching my massive stomach in pain.

"So, you want to go ahead with it?" Allie said, looking surprised and more than a bit dismayed.

"Yes! It won't be difficult for me to birth them. We can find a planet to maroon them on, where they can survive, but pose no threat to the Collective. However, the planet must also be suitable for me to give birth. One with a hot spring rich in certain minerals. I'm having the ship search right now for the nearest planet that matches these criteria," I said, rubbing my stomach, in a futile attempt to sooth the discomfort.

I told Allie what I had learned about the history of the Imperium, including the gender-based civil war that had ended it. We discussed how that conflict was what likely had led to the trouble aboard the alien flagship, which had allowed us to escape. When Kang had attempted to revive the Imperium male and female from hibernation, they must have resumed their ancient war. 

The male would have naturally distrusted the AI, as it had served the females in the civil war. In their last minutes aboard the flagship, both had felt and heard enormous explosions, making it quite likely that the two Imperium citizens had died. In addition, given the level of damage to the flagship, we assumed that Kang had perished too, as the AI had not pursued us. So, I was likely carrying the only remnants of the Imperium.

Their scout ship found a suitable planet for our purposes, and it was just a few hours away at maximum FTL (faster-than-light). The trip was uneventful, and while I assumed a standard orbit, Allie readied me for transport to the planet's surface.

I had grown so large and heavy, that Allie had to use a cargo bot to help load me on a shuttle. We made planetfall just in time. If was in serious labor pains. Allie found a hot spring, and managed to drag me there, using a makeshift stretcher.

Once in the pool, I relaxed. Without warning, my back arched, and my cervix fully dilated. Hundreds of tadpole-like creatures erupted from my alien vagina. I was dazed, panting, while I saw the tiny new lifeforms swim in the warm minerals waters around me. Once I had expelled all of them, I regained full consciousness. Surprisingly, the birthing of thousands of offspring hadn't been painful.

Some of our children greedily attached their mouths to my multi nipple breasts, and began feeding. Although a highly competitive race, they quickly learned that cooperation was a more efficient way to feed than fighting over their only food source. So, they lined up and took turns suckling.

I found the process exhausting, but rewarding. I lay in the pond for the next five days, as Allie brought me meals from the ship. Allie tended my every need, as I nourished the hybrids. They grew rapidly. By the end of a week, several thousand knee-high hybrids scampered on dry, dashing around our feet, and feeding themselves from the food stores Allie brought them each morning.

My stomach had returned to almost normal size, and it was no longer transparent, but now covered in blue scales, like the rest of my body. We began feeling the urge to mate again, but fought to resist it. We focused on what do about the AIs of the Collective, which had taken control of humanity. However, neither of us could come up with a plausible way to dislodge them from control.

Even if we found a means to shut them down, without the AIs, the humans in the Collective wouldn't be able to sustain themselves. Most would likely die. Our entire civilization had been built upon the AIs. It appeared an unsolvable dilemma. However, one evening about six months later, while watching the thousands of chest-high hybrids construct larger shelters, I hit upon a truly radical idea.

These hybrids thought of Allie and me as their parents, even though neither of us had made any effort to hide the fact that we weren't pure-blood Imperium citizens. It didn't seem to make any difference to our children. As they frequently pointed out, they were hybrids too.

Most surprisingly, even Allie had come to consider them her own children. So, I thought she might be receptive to my plan. I suggested that instead of marooning our offspring on the planet, we take some of them aboard the scout ship, and find the alien flagship. It might still contain space worthy craft, which we could use to transport our entire family off world.

Our children had grown into loyal and obedient young adults. I pointed out that we had come to trust them implicitly. I hoped that with our children's assistance, we could seize control of the Collective from the traitorous AIs, and restore humans to their rightful place.

However, Allie winced at my proposal to transform humanity into human-alien hybrids, like ourselves. Nonetheless, I insisted it was the best, perhaps the only way for humans to transition from dependence on their AIs.

After all, our hybrid bodies were nearly immortal, capable of almost instantaneous repair, and immune to all known diseases. What human could resist the temptation to become eternal and forever healthy? In addition, as hybrids, we had experienced exponential growth in intelligence, and adaptability. Finally, the machine intelligences of the Imperium lacked emotions, which meant that they would make excellent replacements for the Collective's treasonous AIs.

"So, what you're proposing is a mass merger of our species." Allie said, whistling at the magnitude and implications of this prospect.

It took some time, but Allie ultimately saw the logical of my arguments. My reasoning, as usual, was impeccable. We kept the plan to ourselves for the next six months, as we worked out the details. Allie and I were finally ready to present the concept to our thousands of offspring, which had grown into young adults, equal in size and strength to us.

The thousands of hybrids briefly discussed it among themselves, often relying on telepathy to communicate quickly and silently. Allie and I had gained some skill with telepathy, but our abilities were quite limited in comparison to our children, who had grown up using it.

We were pleasantly surprised at how enthusiastically and unanimously they embraced the merger of species. Early on, our children had become painfully aware of the fate of their ancient Imperium ancestors. Hopefully, race blending would help avert the same tragic outcome for them.

Without intending to, just a few nights later, Allie and I provided a vivid demonstration of why this proposed merger might well determine the fate of future hybrid generations. With our offspring out of sight, just over a ridge, we watched the sun set.

Allie put her giant scaly arm around my relatively smaller shoulders. I turned and kiss her squarely on the lips, something both of us had been avoiding doing since the birthing. That was all it took. I stepped back from Allie, and spread his legs wide, indicating that I wanted her to take me.

She positioned herself across from me. I wanted her so badly, I could taste it. Allie gave into the biological imperative, and let her tail penetrate my ass in one swift movement between my legs. I was instantly lifted into the air, suspended only by the tail in my ass.

I bite my lip, so as not to alarm our nearby offspring. I slowly slid down her tail, forcing it deep inside my colon. I could feel the tip of the tail unfolding inside me, biting into my colon. Just as I was about to lose my balance, Allie's four tentacles exploded from her back, and wrapped themselves around my wrists and ankles, steadying and holding me spread-eagled.

The agony was worse than I had remembered, as Allie's huge tail slowly tilted me backward, fully exposing my tender alien pussy. My eyes grew wide at the sight of Allie's giant stiff cock, with it razor-sharp spines. With the tail and tentacles tightening, Allie yanked me forward. Her powerful legs shoved the spear-shaped cock deep inside me. I could feel my flesh tearing away, almost passing out from the pain, when suddenly her hormone flooded into me, turn agony into ecstacy. Allie began to pump me hard.

Just as they were both about to climax, a loud sound startled us. Several of our children were screaming at us, as they ran down the ridge toward us. One was shouting for Allie to stop attacking me. With some difficulty, Allie disengaged her cock from my womb. She used her tentacles and tale to carefully set me on the ground, retracted them, and then helped me to my feet.

As more of our children came over the hill to see what was going on, they stood together, looking quite sheepish and embarrassed. Allie tried to cover her huge engorged cock. Finally, I turned to address the gathering crowd.

"You have all seen this ancient mating ritual portrayed in the holograms aboard the ship. It is natural for your...our species...and it nothing to be ashamed of," I said, not entirely sure whether I was trying convince them or myself.

"But mother, you were in pain! I thought the whole purpose of our blending the species was to avoid this sort of thing," said a male, who had become one of leaders.

"I know it didn't look like it, but I wanted Allie to take me that way. It's not for everyone, and each of you are free to choose how you have sex. Remember, you are human-Imperium hybrids, not strictly governed by the biological imperative of your Imperium ancestors. You can have intercourse in a gentle manner, if you like. With the addition of the human DNA in the Collective, future hybrids will be even less driven by Imperium biology," I said.

Allie leaned close to my ear, and whispered, "Great birds and bees talk, mom."

I swatted Allie, but then kissed her, and we laughed until our sides ached. Our offspring were at first puzzled by their parent's behavior. However, they eventually seemed to take to heart what I had told them. After all, they were adolescent adults, and would soon be experimenting with sex themselves. Seeing firsthand the brutality that typified their Imperium ancestors mating ritual, it made them even more determined to merge with humanity, and change things, hopefully for the better.

About a year after landing on this out of the way planet, Allie and I departed, with a dozen of our brightest children. We purposely took an equal number of males and females, as to avoid showing any gender favoritism. With some luck, the Imperium flagship would still be in the same place that we had left it, and it would hopefully contain enough intact spacecraft for our plan to have a chance of success...