 Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring because she lived on her own and had just broken up with her boyfriend. Not ideal in the holidays you might think, but the time off and pressures of socialising with family does tend to apply pressure, widening those little cracks so at Christmas all the wrapping in the world can't paper over them.

She awoke suddenly, her room silent. She scrabbled for her phone on the night stand on reflex, but there was no alarm of course. She'd not set one, because of the night it 'twas'.

Her ears dialled up to 11, she waited expectantly for the meow of a cat, or drip of a tap, something to explain why she was awake. Then she heard it. Her breathe caught in her throat. Then again, definitely this time. A footstep in the hall!

She tried to call out but her voice died in her throat, her mouth dried by terror, the phone forgotten in her panic she flicked off her covers and slowly swung her long legs over the side of the bed. She got only one step before she kicked over the guitar she had leaning on the night-stand.

The crash was deafening, and as it faded into a tuneful(ish) resonance her voice returned, fuelled by fear and informed by bad Netflix movies.

"GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE! YOU MOTHERSHIT FUCKING FUCK! I'LL KILL YOU! AAAAAHHHHHHHH"

There was a tennis racket on the night-stand that was promptly scooped up and with that in hand our heroine charged out into the hallway to see... nothing. At least at first.

Gradually the sound of sobbing became apparent from behind the hall curtains. The curtains shaking, as though in fear. 

"You better show yourself. Right FUCKING NOW!" she growled. 

The curtains began to move slowly, and a face emerged. Smooth, alabaster, exquisite. But the eyes. The eyes hit her like a tennis racket to the chest. Purple, faintly luminescent in the dim glow spilling from the light she'd left on downstairs. They were shrink-wrapped in tears, and the sorrow deflated her anger.

"The Police are on their way", she lied to further sobs from the the thing behind the curtain.

"Please", it said, "please, you have to forget you saw me. They'll take my licence away, I'll never be let out again!"

The tennis racket began to lower. "What?...ermm...huh?" she asked insightfully.

The creature began to stand as it came from behind the curtain, hands out in front of it, as if trying to calm a wild animal.

"WHOA THERE BU..." she began to shout, gesturing again with the racket but the words caught in her mouth as the creature straightened to its full height. About 5 feet tall. Dressed in a green tunic.

"A fucking elf! I'm dreaming about an elf on Christmas eve. Jesus FUCK! I'm going mental."

"You are not crazy, and please stop swearing so much. I'll leave, but you must call off the Police! I would never hurt you."

"Oh I know that, you're 5 foot nothing and I'm in shape and able to handle myself" she replied scornfully.

"Yes", said the Elf, "I see that".

She looked down at her nakedness. "Oh."

"The Police, my lady. Please!"

"They're not coming pipsqueak, but you give me good reason I shouldn't call them!"

"Because my whole future depends on it. If an Elf is spotted, he cannot again leave the shop. I'll be trapped away from the warmth and the lights and the life!"

"Whats your name?"

"Ethealdor."

"OK Ethealdor, I'm Bec. So what, I'm just supposed to forget I saw you?"

"I will do anything, please Lady Bec!"

Bec thought for a couple of seconds. "OK, I got it. You've seen me naked, sneaking about my house. You're going to take off that stupid tunic. Then we will be even."

Ethealdor looked at her quizzically. "You wish to see me unclothed?"

"That's what I said. Those ears not as on point as they look?"

He looked as though he was about to reply but instead he unbuttoned his smock and slipped it off what she noticed were pretty broad shoulders. He made no effort to conceal his nakedness.

"Right, that's better!", she said as she took a stride toward him, eyes ablaze with anger. And immediately tripped towards the stairs. Killed by an imaginary elf, was all she could think as she tumbled toward her doom in slow motion. How embarrassing.

"My LADY!" the elf shouted, and suddenly she found herself held in mid air. She looked over her shoulder awkwardly, to see the Elf holding her aloft, apparently without effort. How strong he must be to be holding so much weight without needing to grab me or brace himself. Not as helpless as she thought. She suddenly felt a lot less confident. Especially as one of his hands was on her breast. 

"Please. Please put me down."

"Oh, of course", the Elf set her down on the landing, and stepped backwards. He had obviously been aware of where his hand was as well. His penis, previously unremarkable and in proportion to his 5ft frame was swelling prodigiously. Hanging down, swinging weightily.

She tried not to look. "Christ, I need to sit down." She flopped down on the previously treacherous top step. "What a weird dream."

The Elf came to sit next to me. Their thighs lightly touching. "Lady Bec. The Police?"

"Oh, that was just bullshit. I wanted to scare you." His arousal was now starting to be very distracting. "I, errr, wasn't, um".

"Does my ardour offend you, my Lady?" A large pearl of precum appeared on the now spectacular head.

"No. No, its just... there".

"It will return to normal if I relieve myself. If you wish to look away I can do this quickly."

"What the fuck", she said, mainly to herself as she got up in a daze and stood facing away, wondering what sort of crazy Freudian shit makes you dream of little green men wanking.

Rapid wet noises from behind her. She looked over my shoulder to see what looked like a man frantically stroking a cucumber. A man that was very definitely staring at her ass while he did it.

"Like what you see, PERVERT!" Pretty unfair under the circumstance maybe, but she was out of my comfort zone.

Ethealdor jumped out of his skin, like a teenager busted in the act and flushed a sort darker shade of green, more like oak leaves.

"My Lady, I, errr, sorry... I just. No of course. I mean, errr yes." He composed himself and smiled. "You look like Christmas morning. So much promised, so much unknown."

Bec paused. Thought, well, fuck it. In for a dream penny. In for a dream pounding. "That line normally work?" she asked with a smile.

"I don't know. I've never said it to a human before."

"Ethealdor?"

"Yes, my lady?"

"Follow me."

"Yes, my lady!"

She walked into my bedroom, propped her guitar back up and climbed back onto the bed.

"You have to do whatever it takes to avoid me reporting you?"

"Yes, Lady Bec."

"Then I want satisfaction. What do Elf girls like?"

"They like to be kissed between their thighs. Delicately, like a precious flower being opened. Then they like to be filled."

"Yeah, I'll take that." Bec allowed her legs to fall open in front of him.

"Please, my lady. Would you turn over. On all fours. It is how we do this."

She complied, face burning. Embarrassed, yet feeling wanton, she let her face lay on the bed, arched her back and pushed her firm ass back into the air. She felt strong wiry hands on her buttocks. Gentle touch, but the power they had was obvious. His breath on her rapidly responding sex. Then, pleasure.

"AHHH FUCK!"

His tongue seemed to flick over all of her at once. Even her ass, which she'd never been into if she was being honest. The pace and pressure was perfect. Like a magic wand intensity but with oral sex comfort. She came in maybe 2 minutes from a pretty standing start.

As the glow that had blinded her vision began to subside she felt him kneel up behind her and what felt like a tennis ball pushing itself up against her quivering backside.

"Whoa there, slow down!"

"But it is what you asked for. It is how we do it."

"Well how about I have my turn? I'd love to try and fit that green giant in my mouth."

"Elf girls don't do that. Our ways have always been this way."

"Well do you want to try?"

"I don't know. I just..."

"OK, suit yourself, I'm happy either way." Bec presented my pussy to him again. Lost in the moment now. "You go for your life."

He needed no second invitation. Relaxed after her orgasm her body welcomed him. She was filled in a way she'd never been. 

"Oh GOD, Elf. That's amazing."

Bec could feel from the position of his legs though that he was not all the way in. He began to move, slowly, in and out and with each thrust, a little deeper until finally, with a grunt his hips hit hers. She came immediately. The next few minutes were a bit of a blur. She was aware of panting like an asthmatic marathon runner, and pushing back onto his thrusts, but other than that it was a mind-numbing, ecstatic blur.

"Enough, Jesus, enough", she said as she collapsed flat on the bed face down after a final earthshattering cum.

"I'm sorry my lady. Have I done something wrong?"

"No. I just can't take that sort of size for long. You not near yet?"

"I reach satisfaction when I am ordered, and you did not order it."

"What so you just keep going?"

"Yes, I can relieve myself, but once I am having sex it is not in my control. When an Elf comes there is no return to arousal for some weeks so we must ensure both parties are relieved."

"Well consider me relieved. I want to see you cum. Stroke it. Now."

Ethealdor got straight to work. Both hands moving independently. Up and down the shaft, while also circling round it. Together in the middle then apart, one all the way down to his pubic bone, the other up and other the huge head. His small hands and frame made it look obscene. He stared at Bec intently as he stroked.

Bec rolled over onto her back. Brought her hands to her breasts and smiled. "Well, Elf, what have you got for me?"

Ethealdors eyes widened at this sight. His left hand cradled his ball, this right concentrating on rocking back on forth on the tip. He slowly edged round the bed on his knees until he was standing next to her chest.

"May I?" he asked through gritted teeth.

"Cum for me."

Etheadors body tensed and his hand stopped moving. Time seemed to freeze all but his twitching cock, but then wonderfully he exploded. The first jet flew past her shoulder, then his hands started moving again and ropes of warm cum laid themselves over her breasts. She began rubbing it in, which got one final prodigious burst from Ethealdor. Then he closed his eyes in complete satisfaction.

She sat up and licked the end of his rapidly softening cock. It tasted sweet.

Ethealdor, jerked backwards as though stung.

"Don't freak out", she said, putting her finger in her mouth and tasting what was covering her torso. "I know you said you don't do it, and you weren't joking about the 'being done when you're done' thing". She raised her eyebrows at the increasingly average (aside from the whole green thing) penis beside her.

"Are you satisfied?"

"What? Oh yeah, believe me, I won't be telling anyone I caught and fucked an Elf!"

"Good, then I must leave. Much work is still to be done". The Elf began to get dressed as he spoke.

"Cool. Cool. Good luck with that." Bec's voice was sleepy from the bed. "Come back next year, and maybe I can show you how we humans do it."

A now dressed Ethealdor, looked back at her from the doorway. Her eyes were shut. She may already be asleep.

"Yes, my Lady!"