 Amairani stared up at the high ceilings of her silent room, the sun spilling through the windows across her deeply tanned skin. She traced patterns on her body with her fingertips, leaving cool trails of rose-scented oil that her servant had given her. Her body was decorated with thin gold chains, clinging to her like delicate serpents. They began at her fingers, mimicking the bones beneath her skin, circling around her wrist that bore a crescent-shaped burn scar. A single chain then ran up her arm, and loosely wrapped around her neck to then slope down her other arm and connect to her wrist, which wore a scar mirroring the other. Her small breasts were left exposed, but were painted with thin lines of shimmering gold that radiated from her dark, pierced nipples. A single chain that hung from her neck supported five other chains that looped around her small waist and fell gently along the curves of her hips, the last chain cradling the bottom of her firm, round ass. Three chains framed the triangle of her smooth and hairless cunt, which had a crescent medallion encrusted with emeralds resting on it. Her skin was flecked with gold and white powder, and her lips and eyelids were painted a deep gold. Sitting atop her head were layered chains decorated with small jewels and pearls, falling down her waist-length curly black hair. 

Amairani was a pleasure slave to the royal family in the castle called Asteria, and she was the favorite of King Eion. She lay in her chambers that she shared with the eleven other slaves that belonged to the kingdom of Luana. The pleasure slaves were all decorated identically; nude save for the layers of gold and crescent-shaped jewels that outlined all of their most beautiful features and denoted their superiority among other slaves. She was one of the six girls who had been brought from the island over several years. They had been handpicked at the island market by the King's own special attendant, and taken away from The Sisters who had raised them. All slaves and attendants to the kingdom were required to be orphans, and to have been raised by The Sisters on an island across the Zharian Sea. The wars with the kingdom on the other side of the mountains on the borders of Luana created many orphans, and had been going on since the first stones of Asteria were carved. The island was where all attendants to the kingdom were taught, and where orphans from the intricate labyrinths of villages - that grew from the very sides of the castle walls and down to the edges of the mountains - were taken from. 

The chamber that Amairani shared with the other pleasure slaves was an expansive and open room in the west tower of the sprawling Asteria, which sat atop the edge of a high cliff over the Zharian and stretched on and upwards into the clouds. Their room was decorated with darkly-colored fabrics which hung around the walls, with roaring fireplaces that were attended to constantly. The entire right side of the room was left completely exposed to the outside, supported only by columns, between which hung a series of billowing, sheer, white fabric. Each slave slept in a large bed with thick black curtains hanging from the ceiling around them, creating twelve dark, flowing pillars floating along the edges of the room.

But Amairani was lying in one of the many nests of colorful feather pillows and thick blankets that covered the cold marble tile of the floor, waiting for her sisters and brothers to wake up. 

Between her legs was her attendant, Mira, a light haired and fair skinned slave who had been brought to Asteria the same time she had. Every morning, Mira would come into the room to dress Amairani at sunrise, since that was always when her mistress woke up. When Mira had become her attendant, Amairani had insisted that she service her further after she was decorated, something uncommon among the other slaves and their attendants. She only asked because Mira had already been servicing Amairani on the island for years before she had been taken to be an attendant at the palace before Amairani was taken to be a slave. Daily, Mira crawled between the long, soft, and oiled legs of Amairani and put her mouth to her cunt, and brought her to an orgasm every single morning. She had just finished, and was lying with her cheek against Amairani's thigh, watching her rub oil on her breasts and her stomach. Amairani looked down at her, 

"Come here, Mira." She patted the pillow next to her and sat up in a graceful and fluid motion, her light green eyes focused on the juices shining on her attendant's pouty lips. Mira excitedly swarmed through the silk throws to get to her, for she was always sent away aching after tasting the sweetness of Amairani's cunt. She kneeled next to her, and whispered,

"Yes?" 

Amairani took Mira's finger and guided it to her cunt, and ran it over herself, coating her finger in her cum. "My cunt is my second favorite flavor in the entire kingdom, Little Mira." She smiled, and licked Mira's finger clean with her pink tongue and then bit the tip, "Do you know what my most favorite flavor is, dove?" Mira shook her head slowly, trying to keep her breathing measured. Amairani smiled again, "King Eion's seed, you silly thing." She dropped her hand to take her by the chin and kiss her fully, lazily licking Mira's lips and chin, and sucking her own cum clean from her face. 

She swatted Mira's thigh lightly to send her away, leaving Mira dizzy and burning as she stumbled out of the room and disappeared between the curtains of one of the many archways along the walls. Amairani lay back on the pillows, and licked her lips clean while she absentmindedly tweaked her hard nipples. 

"I don't understand why you do that to that poor thing," a voice from behind her made Amairani jump and look over her shoulder. Standing there was Caiseal, the sun on his dark, naked body. He was smirking with his arms crossed over his chest, his gorgeous cock half hard and his eyes dancing with delight at having caught Amairani with her own little pleasure slave. His brown curly hair fell messily to his shoulders, and his body was still heavy with sleep, but even lazily standing there his perfection was dazzling. 

He laughed at her surprise and ducked a pillow that she tried to hit him with, and joined her on the floor, kissing her full golden lips deeply as he did every morning. 

"You're terrible to her. Ismaray told me the other attendants make fun of her for the things you make her do." He said while he pulled her up onto his lap and played with the crescent medallion on her cunt. Amairani sighed and pinched his cheek lightly, 

"But Caiseal, she's mine, my very own toy." She said for the hundredth time. Her brothers and sisters always teased her about Mira, but she knew they would gladly have their own little dove to fall to their feet every morning and offer their mouth to them. 

But Caiseal would have gladly had Amairani fall to his feet every morning, or at least wake up with her in his bed. He could not get enough of her, and loved her fiercely as her brother, and equally lusted after her perfect form and sweet cunt as a lover. Though Amairani cared for him, he knew she cared for all her brothers and sisters, but would never pine for him or any of them as they did after her. 

Amairani pined for no one, she was indifferent in her preferences - except to King Eion, whom she would only look at when in the presence of others, whom she would only crawl to when called from his throne, whom could only make her cunt immediately drip at the sound of his voice. She was addicted to him, as she would never be addicted to anyone else. But the other slaves still adored her and she gave her attentions to them when they wanted them. Even Queen Netsanet would call for her, as would the other members of the royal family. But she would never look to the others the way they looked at her. 

"Little sister, the King could kill her in front of you if he got jealous of his favorite slave with an attendant." Caiseal said with his jaw set and stern. But a small smile began to tug at the edge his perfectly formed mouth, for when he called Amairani "little sister" he could see her face soften from its usual feline ferocity, even if for a moment. He loved to get that softness that no one else could seem to bring out in her. 

All of the pleasure slaves called each other brother and sister, even though the only siblings were Fariha and Lelai, Otho and Uri, and the twins Samara and Blade. They became a family the moment they were branded as the royal family's property, and were bound forever by it. 

While he spoke, Caiseal twirled Amairani's hair about his finger, and held her ass with his other hand, occasionally squeezing it and playing with the chains at the bottom of it. 

"Jealous? The King? The only thing he notices is the way my cunt feels around his cock, brother." She laughed. "I could fuck you in front of him right now," she smiled as she began to grind against his strong thigh, "and he wouldn't say a thing." 

Caiseal now gripped her ass hard, kneading at all of the flesh he held between his fingers, a low growling sound coming from his throat as it did whenever Amairani was on top of him. As he leaned in to place his mouth on her slender neck, another pair of arms wrapped around his waist and long fingernails dragged up the front of his muscled torso. 

"Good morning," Fariha purred into his ear, her dark curls spilling over his shoulder as she moved to kiss his cheek. He turned his head to meet her, and kissed her deeply just as he kissed Amairani, who watched her brother's tongue dance lazily with her sister's. She shifted in his lap slightly to rub her wet cunt against his hardening cock, and felt Caiseal's fingernails dig into her lower back. Fariha had a crescent burn scar on her cheek, and Amairani licked it as she ran her fingertip over the burn scar on the middle of her brother's chest. 

Amairani adored the burns.

They received them after being brought to the trading field along the bank of the Zharian, where all the slaves were brought and auctioned off to the magistrates and lords in Luana. Household slaves, nursing slaves, warrior slaves, household pleasure slaves, slaves for the whorehouses, kitchen slaves, slaves to attend to the castle, attendants to the slaves - all were herded off to tents on the field specific to the talents they were trained for. 

The most beautiful of the pleasure slaves were taken to the royal family's own golden tent, marked with white crescent patterns. There they were chosen by the man who owned the largest whorehouse in Luana, as either slaves to the royal family or slaves to be taken back to his whorehouse. Each of them was branded with one crescent-shaped burn scar in the place of their choice. A second burn was given to the pleasure slaves of the royal family, and Amairani touched her own and her brothers' and sisters' often. She had chosen to have her burns on her wrists so she could see them always, because she had never wanted anything else than to be where she was now, and wanted to always be reminded of how she had finally achieved it. 

As they were picked, the slaves for the royal family were grouped off and sent into another room. There she had been washed and rubbed down completely with a cream, from right below her neck to her ankles by the apothecaries, which burned off all the hair where it was applied. After, she had been painted and fitted for her beloved and delicate chains. 

Only she and Caiseal had come from the pleasure slaves in that year's shipment to be given to the royal family, and she had felt closest to him since the day they had arrived in Asteria. She had watched him take the pain of preparation with as much strength and fierce happiness that she had. 

Her closeness, though, was only from him being her protector and ardent lover. Ever since she could remember she never felt an emotional attachment to anyone of any severity. She did feel sexual attraction, though, tremendously so. She was an entirely sexual being, exuding that lustful energy constantly. She never refused the advances of any man or woman, and was devoted to her sexual partner or partners while she played with their naked bodies. She felt herself born to be a pleasure slave.

Amairani laid her palm flat against her brother's scar on his chest and with her other hand she wrapped her fingers around his hard, thick cock. She stroked it slowly and tightly, agonizing him with every pump as Fariha continued her explorations of his mouth and massaged his thighs. Amairani dragged her plump lips from Fariha's cheek and down to her mouth, deftly slipping her tongue between her brother's and sister's - eliciting a happy moan from Fariha who then slipped beneath Caiseal's strong arm to kneel next to them. Amairani and Caiseal continued their kiss, while Fariha leaned forward between their bodies, and took the entirety of Caiseal's aching cock into her mouth, and began to move her pink petals of lips up and down the pillar of him. Caiseal slapped Amairani's ass as he forced Fariha down on him and began to thrust his hips powerfully into her, the sounds of her choking muffled by her mounds of thick ebony hair that pooled between Amairani's and Caiseal's thighs. 

Amairani looked down and watched, a smile creeping up on her as her eyes flashed. Her hand went down on top of Caiseal's to push Fariha's head all the way down on his cock, completely filling her throat. Caiseal's moans filled the cavernous room and Amairani removed his hand from under her own, and tangled her fingers in Fariha's hair, and began to slowly move her head up and down. She watched Caiseal's eyes darken and his jaw tense, as he tried to keep from spilling himself into the mouth of the best cock-sucker in Luana. Fariha's tongue was lavishing the length of his cock while her lips tightened on him with every push and pull of Amairani's hand. 

To keep himself from cumming, Caiseal moved his attentions to Amairani, whose feline eyes remained on her toy. He watched her chest as she breathed deeply, her breasts heaving up and down as she took control of Fariha: pushing her head down fully, cutting off her air supply and keeping her there until Fariha moaned loudly. Then Amairani would pull her off of him completely to kiss her possessively, and then push her back down onto Caiseal's throbbing cock. Caiseal moved his head down towards Amairani's breasts, kissing them reverently and moving his tongue slowly over the small buds of her nipples, gently pulling at the golden piercings with his teeth. He sucked from nipple to nipple slowly and hard as he could, stroking her spine as her back arched from the pain. 

He used his other hand to cup Amairani's cunt, her wetness covering his palm. For a moment her eyes met his, as he pushed two fingers into her, feeling the famed tightness of her cunt for the thousandth time. She squeezed his fingers with her walls playfully as his thumb moved soft circles over her little swollen clit. Amairani moved Fariha's head more savagely up and down his cock, and Caiseal's fingers began to mimic her movements as he plunged a third of his fingers into her, filling her. Fariha sucked him harder than he thought she was able, and he grunted loudly with his mouth around Amairani's breast, sucking on it with the strength Fariha sucked on his cock. He came into Fariha's waiting mouth, and shuttered as he felt Amairani's cunt tighten even more around his fingers and her hips move up and down as she came on him too, her juices running down his hand and forearm. 

Amairani finally released Fariha, tackling her onto the many pillows and sharing Caiseal's cum in a slow messy kiss as they ground their dripping cunts into each other. Caiseal laid back and watched their bodies tangle together, and noticed the way that Fariha dragged her fingernails all over Amairani's body and the way she kissed her as though Amairani's lips made her into an animal. Everyone reacted to Amairani's attentions that way, even after she had just suffocated and choked you with cock. 

"You all never waste any damned time, do you?" came Otho's deep voice from above them. 

Amairani pulled her mouth away from Fariha's, and smiled up at him, squeezing Fariha's large breasts in her hands. 

Otho was formidable, one of the largest men in the kingdom. He towered over all of his brothers and sisters, his muscles so large Amairani was unable to wrap both her hands around one arm. He had dark skin and bright eyes; his hair was long and braided into a thick tail every morning. But his incredibly thick cock was the favorite play thing of his sisters, and they often all took turns sucking him off until he came on all of their cunts. He took to his sisters, catering to their needs when they came to him and enjoying their cunts when he wished - especially Amairani, who he would pull to himself often and ravage against the nearest wall. Queen Netsanet, though, he fucked more regularly than any of the other pleasure slaves, because she enjoyed his size and his strength, using her until she was limp in his arms. 

"Wouldn't you like a taste of your sister's cunt? She just sucked Caiseal's cock like the good girl she is," she looked down at Fariha and kissed her again, sucking her tongue gently, "didn't you, sister?" Fariha nodded and she looked up at Otho as Amairani got off her. Otho stepped towards them and scooped Amairani up and kissed her as he spun her around, as he did every morning. He placed her on Caiseal's lap, and took his place between Fariha's legs. 

As he began to devour her cunt, Amairani turned to Caiseal, 

"Let's wake the others who haven't already been forced out of bed by your little moans." She smiled devilishly and he slapped her ass as she hopped up, pulling him with her towards the bed closest to them. 

Caiseal pulled the curtain back on Lelai's bed. The sun shone on a tangled mess of sheets revealing two sets of soft legs wrapped up together. The ends of Lelai's heavy, dark hair fell over the edges of the large bed, even though she lay in the very middle, with Samara's head cradled between her breasts. They slept together every single night, and Amairani and Caiseal woke them every morning, to find either one of them nestled in the soft flesh of the other. 

Lelai was dark and curvy like her sister Fariha, they both had thick dark curls that fell over much of their bodies when it was let down, ending around the tops of their thighs. Their breasts were equally large and soft; and with the smallest waists of all the girls, their hips curved pleasantly to form large, supple, and soft asses. Their lips and their nipples were dark, but Lelai's eyes were onyx black, where Fariha's were a brighter blue than the Zharian, both framed by fans of thick dark lashes. Lelai had pleasant, gentle features, her nose a slope and her eyes large. Fariha had the same mouth as Lelai, the pinkest and softest flowers, but her face seemed teeming with shadows. She was slow and quiet, and Lelai was bouncy and childlike - a gorgeous little sprite with her older, dangerous, striking sister. 

The Sisters had called Samara and her brother, Blade, akin to sunlight, for their eyes were deep pools of soft gold, and their hair like light flowing from their sharp widow peaks. They came from the villages closest to the edges of the mountain where the original inhabitants had drunk from the Sun Streams, where their children had turned pale and golden in their features. Samara's body was long and strong, and her white-blonde hair was short and sharp. When she wore her chains and she was painted, she shown so brightly she looked to be dripping in sunlight. Her lips were full and the palest pink, soft pillows on her frighteningly divine features. She and Blade were ethereal, as though they descended from kneeling at the feet of the gods themselves. 
