 Amairani sat on King Eion's lap, his heavy fur blankets pulled around them while she fed him some of the food that had been brought in by his attendants an hour ago. He had his head laid back against the mountain of pillows on the bed, stroking up and down the curve of Amairani's spine. She took the time to memorize his features, which she already knew, tracing his jawline with her fingertip while he chewed slowly on some fruit she had placed on his tongue. Her cunt had a sweet soreness to it, that he was making a little worse by the way his other free hand was drawing lazy circles on her lips, occasionally stroking her clit gently. When he had come in and carried her to the bed, her limbs sore from kneeling all day and tears running down her face – either from relief or anger, she wasn't sure yet – he had placed his full mouth on her clit and brought her to several crashing orgasms before she dragged herself away from him and pulled him onto the bed. She had ripped his clothes off savagely while he kissed her more fiercely than he had in a while, and she had rode his cock for so hard and for so long that her thighs burned with the exertion and their sweat mixed together. He came in her and held her shaking body close to his and left lines of hickeys and bite marks all up and down her arms before carrying her again into the lavatory, where she bathed him and then herself, while she grinded lazily on his cock. They hadn't spoken a word the entire time, which wasn't unusual, but she wanted him to say something in explanation as to his whereabouts the entire day.

 She was angry she hadn't been allowed to go off and play with the traders like she knew the rest of the pleasure slaves had been allowed to do, it had been all they could talk about all week. When she and Caiseal had heard the stories that each of the other slaves had about the traders and what happened, they had been almost dizzy with the prospects of what could happen with this year's arrivals. She, Ismaray, and Daya had practiced dancing with each other, Amairani following the flow of Ismaray's generous hips as she taught them. Delos had been an all too eager practice subject for Amairani in one of their favorite haunts, the gardens where he had been caught with the servant girl, where she had taken every bit of advice from him with her lips around his cock. Amairani had even spent a night recently with the Princesses Raya and Iman, going about the same sort of practice but with her instructing Raya how to move her tongue over her sister's clit, something she knew they did often, and watched with a wicked smile on her face as Iman screamed so loudly that their guards had come rushing in. It wasn't as if these were the first times she had practiced various things with her brothers and sisters, but these had more excitement to it, since they were practicing for the traders, people that brought with them some energy that buzzed through the entire castle before they even got there. 

 But Amairani had spent the entire first day staring at the door of King Eion's chambers, feeling like a child who had been sent away while the adults got to play. She had never felt so dismissed in her entire life. If anything, she would have loved to have been the one making someone wait for her, relishing in the fact that they were on their knees, thinking of nothing but her body, every desperate thought reserved for her. And as she fed King Eion another piece of fruit and he licked the sweet juices from her delicate fingers, she couldn't help but let out a childish, impudent sigh. 

 One of his eyes opened lazily to look at her, "What was that?" 

 She pouted, her bottom lip sticking out so appetizingly that he ran his thumb over it. Amairani leaned into his touch despite herself, despite how she ever felt towards him. He cupped her cheek in his hand and smiled crookedly at her, which always made him look just like he was very young, and Amairani saw so much of Prince Ammon in him. 

 "You must be very cross with me." He said gently, almost a whisper in his deep voice, and she couldn't help but smile sadly and then playfully take his thumb between her teeth. "Do you want me to say sorry?" He said and dragged his thumb down over her bottom lip and held her chin. She shook her head, knowing that he had said any apology she was going to get when he had his tongue in her cunt for longer than she could remember.

 "So what do you want?" He tilted her head towards him and kissed her, a lingering kiss that left the taste of citrus fruit on her tongue.

 "Will you let me go play tomorrow?" She said finally, after he had moved the food away to pull her fully onto his lap where she straddled him and rested easily on his strong thighs. He leaned back into the pillows again and moved his large hand down the middle of her body, playing with the crescent moon that rested on her cunt. He dipped a finger inside her, just to check if she was wet, which she always seemed to be around him, much to his satisfaction. As he pumped his finger in and out, his thumb flicking at her clit, she maintained eye contact with him, licking her bottom lip as he pressed his thumb into her clit. 

 "You're mine, do you know that?" Eion said, increasing the pressure on her clit until she let out a little yelp, and he added another finger to her cunt. "You're mine, Amairani." He said and she noticed he was controlling his breathing as her own grew more ragged as he fucked her deeper and curved his fingers to move over the spot that he knew how to get to more easily than any of her brothers. She was trying her best not to collapse onto him and rode his fingers just as she had rode his cock hours before. He smirked and slapped her ass hard and took his fingers away, the sudden absence making her let out a whine that was more needy than she intended. She leaned against him, wrapping her arms around his torso and laying her head against his chest. 

 "Yes, I am yours," she said, her voice like honey dripping down him, and she felt his grip on her tighten. "I am all yours, completely and totally, you know that better than anyone." He hummed appreciatively and wound an arm around her and pulled her soft body up to him so he could kiss her again. He loved to kiss her more than anyone else, and he explored her mouth with his tongue, playing a game of back and forth between her mouth and his. 

 "And you know," she said through kisses, "that I will always come to you, no matter what. You are my entire world." He answered her with another string of hot kisses, each more deep and wet than the last. He had her ass in one hand, squeezing a cheek and kneading it while the other held her chin, keeping her mouth locked with his. She could feel him rubbing his hard cock against her soft thighs, the hot silkiness of it drawing a moan from her that he matched and made him grind harder into her skin. She locked her leg tightly around his waist so his cock could meet her dripping wet cunt, and he slapped her ass again, so hard she delighted in the fact that there'd be a handprint on the cheek. She reached down and moved his cock into her, and he fucked her deeply while he continued to kiss her, suffocate her with his mouth, and she felt like he was drinking her, taking every ounce of her bit by bit. And oh Gods did she give herself to him, she pressed her body into him, her hips responding in kind to the slow thrust of his own, her fingernails digging into his chest and his shoulder, her eyes rolling back from the feeling of his strong hands holding her so surely and warmly. He could fuck her like this for days, and she would gladly damn the rest of the castle if it meant he would stay beneath her and inside her like this, filling her up completely. 

 When he pulled his mouth away she let her forehead rest on his, while his pace inside her grew more desperate, his breathing more ragged and his hands on her so tight she knew she'd have long and narrow bruises from his fingers. He drug his hands down the length of her back and used both of his strong hands to cup her ass and pull her hips down onto him, filling up her cunt completely as he came in her. He slammed his cock into her harder than he needed to, just to watch her mouth fall open in pleasure and her eyes roll back, slapping her generous ass over and over again as he filled her with his cum. With his cock still inside her, he held her close against his body and rolled over so he was on top of her, pounding his cock into her faster and faster until he felt her pussy get even tighter around him. Amairani moaned deeply and dug her fingernails into his shoulders, drawing blood as she came around his cock, which he was still mercilessly thrusting into her hips. 

 "Oh Gods please, I can't," she said breathlessly, her legs falling from around his waist, and her body almost going limp from the strength of the succession of orgasms he had given her since he came into his chambers. Eion let his thrusts die down until he felt his cock finally start to soften. Slapping her ass one last time, he got up from the bed and stood next to her to drink wine from the decanter. 

 The sudden feeling of Amairani's warm mouth on his sensitive cock almost made him choke on the wine, and he heard her giggle as he coughed. She looked up at him from the bed, kneeling with her hands on the backs of his thighs, stroking them until he recovered. He smiled down at her and brought his hand to her neck to squeeze the perfect form of it lightly, 

 "Do you think I'll let you play tomorrow, or tonight, if you act up like this?" She shook her lovely head, feigning the utmost innocence as he squeezed harder, light dancing in her bright eyes as her fingernails dug into his thighs. "Neither do I." He murmured as he flicked one of her nipples and pulled it roughly. Her eyes grew wider but she held herself still, and he watched her chest rise and fall a little faster. With his hand still tight around her neck, he led her mouth down to his cock, which had started to harden again into his impressive length. 

 "Clean it," he said, and Amairani's mouth covered his cock completely as she began to suck up and down, her tongue laving over every bit of skin as she worked her mouth. She held his shaft in her hand and worked on the tip of it, circling her tongue around it and popping it out of her mouth. Then she moved her tongue flat over the entire length of him, tasting herself and his cum, and then moved back up to the head, sucking on the tip with such force Eion had to stop himself from raising his feet off the ground and growling her name. She continued to suck on the head of his throbbing cock, stroking the rest of him with an eagerness to match her mouth, her other hand running her fingernails very lightly over his inner thighs and over his balls, which she suddenly took into her mouth to suck and lick lovingly before taking the whole of his cock into her mouth again. He had left her neck and now had his hands in her mounds of curly hair, winding his fingers through the heavy strands and gagged her with his cock, watching the saliva run down her chin and her neck. She looked up at him with watery eyes, challenging him to keep going, and saw that one of her hands was between her long legs, moving over her hard clit as she choked on Eion's cock. He fucked her delicious mouth harder, her tightening around the shaft, sucking him as hard as she could when he choked her like this. As he came again he threw his head back, his cum shooting down her throat as she continued to suck on him drag her fingernails down his front, which sent chills through his entire strong body and made him pull her mouth more fully against him so that her lips were almost flush with his body. He pulled himself out of her mouth, staggering back and watching a string of her saliva glisten from her full bottom lip and the tip of his cock. Amairani's eyes were a bit glazed, and she looked up at him, her mouth shiny in the candlelight and her hair falling wildly down her upper body. She followed him off the bed and fell into his arms, her mouth meeting his and her tongue nearly wrapping around his own as he held her tightly against him. 

 "You can play, later," he said with his mouth against hers. She drew away and looked up at him through thick lashes, smiling and rubbing her breasts against his chest, 

 "Thank you," she kissed his lips almost chastely. She moved out of his arms and into his lavatory to clean up her face and her upper body. Eion pulled a rope beside his bed and his door opened immediately, through which his servant, Asher, and Amairani's servant, walked in. Mira immediately went to the lavatory to reapply Amairani's paint and fix her hair, and Asher cleaned Eion's body with a rag and scented water, and then rearranged the furs on the bed. He placed a heavy robe around Eion's body and then left, only to be followed immediately by another servant, one who belonged to the Princesses Raya and Iman, his face looking flushed from his run to Eion's chambers. He bowed to the king and then kneeled in front of him, 

 "The Princesses Raya and Iman requested to come to your chambers soon, King Eion."





 The Princesses Raya and Iman's chambers were some of the darkest in the castle. They were almost always lit by candlelight, even when the sun was at its highest point during the long summer days. Their chambers were nestled among the high trees that wound around the castle, with thick foliage and heavy trunks, their branches intertwining with the stone of the castle. Their bedroom was one of the places in the castle where one of those very trees had a room built around it, with its trunk as the center, surrounded by a wide rectangular depression in the floor filled with heavy pillows and thick blankets, and on the low branches of the tree hung many candles in lanterns with colored glass to cast a beautiful glow into the room. They slept around this tree together, close to each other every night, and they insisted on keeping the candles burning through the night in their dark bedroom, drawing patterns on each other's bodies from the flickering light. 

 Tonight, they were in the sitting room of their chambers, this room much like their bedroom, though it was built around a set of smaller trees, whose branches still held small flickering lanterns. They both sat on one of the nests of pillows and blankets on the stone floor, Raya sitting between Iman's legs, her eyes closed as she ran her fingernails lightly up and down her sister's legs. Iman hummed while she took the braids out of Raya's hair, untangling them with her fingers and soothing the sore scalp with her fingertips. They were still swimming in a tipsy haze from the honey wine they had with the trading parties at dinner, warm with their movements thick and determined. Raya's hair in Iman's fingers felt like silk, and she took her time undoing the tight plaits their servants had done for them in the morning. 

 "Father won't let us to come to him, will he?" Raya murmured, taking one of Iman's hands in hers and placing her lips in her palm. Iman ran her thumb along her sister's pouty bottom lip, 

 "No, he said we have to wait." 

 "But I want him now," Raya whined and turned to face Iman, placing her hands on her shoulders and pushing her gently down into the pillows. Iman wrapped a leg around her sister's waist, running her fingertips over her face, the map of her own features she knew every bit of. Raya looked at Iman with unfocused eyes and crushed her lips into Iman's, her body pressed into hers. Raya laced her fingers through Iman's hair, licking her face and tonguing her sister's open mouth. Iman wrapped her other leg around her waist, rolling her neck to the side to allow Raya to suck a line of hickeys down her slender neck while she ground her cunt into her sister's. 

 Iman loved Raya's cunt, it seemed to always be dripping wet around her, and she loved the feel of their slick lips gliding against each other, the feel of Raya's clit hard against her tongue. They'd been fucking each other for years now, the first time facilitated by the very wine that ran through their veins now. 

 Raya had stolen a bottle of the thick drink from the kitchen while Iman distracted the cook, whining about wanting some cream concoction she made up on the spot. When they got back to their room, they both split the bottle between them, faces scrunching up at the strong taste of the alcohol burning their throats, but deciding they had to finish it because there'd be no good place to hide it. They'd started dancing together, copying the movements they saw their father's pleasure slaves make when they spied through the curtains, swaying their hips and taking off their loose fitting dresses. They'd also seen the slaves doing other things together, well versed in the repertoire of the things their parents and their brothers did with the slaves. While they were dancing, Raya corrected Iman's hip movements, standing in front of her and holding her sister's hips with both hands, showing her how to dance the way their father liked, the way that made their father's cock stand up. 

 Raya and Iman got closer while they danced, to the point where they were grinding their cunts against each other's thighs. Breathing heavily and humping her sister's thigh, Iman pressed her forehead against her sister's, and she could taste the wine on Raya's breath against her tongue with their open mouths so close to each other. They fell onto the floor together, tearing away any remaining fabric from their dresses, and paused a moment to take in their naked bodies pressed together, in the middle of their room. Then Raya untangled herself and Iman went cold all over, thinking she was angry, but Raya came back holding the bottle of wine, a little left in the bottle, and sat on her lap just as she was now, and poured the wine down her sister's body, and they both shivered as it ran down between both their cunts, which were pressed against each other. Since that night, they hadn't stopped sleeping together, wrapped up completely in each other. 

 And now with Raya's tongue in her cunt and the numbing taste of honey wine of her lips again, Iman arched her back and pressed her pussy into her sister's welcoming mouth and came harder than she had in days, from her sister's ministrations and from the memory of their young bodies writhing together on the floor that first night. 





Queen Netsanet spread her legs slowly, her fingers running down the inside of her thick thighs, trailing through her own juices and cum on her skin. She sat on Otho's lap, rubbing her backside into his swollen and aching cock. She hadn't let him fuck her yet tonight, but had made him watch as Delos fucked her ass while the woman wearing the multicolored robe ate her cunt underneath her. The woman who had come into the throne room wearing the robe was not new to Delos or Otho, who had both fucked this woman the last time she came to visit with the trading parties. They knew that when this woman came to visit, she would be spending all of her time with their Queen. This time, though, would be a little different. This time, Otho watched as the woman crawled between Netsanet's legs, licking a slow line up from her messy cunt to her mouth, stopping to tug roughly on her pierced nipples with her teeth, and rub her heavy breasts against the Queen's. Netsanet held the woman's face with both of her hands, her tongue plunging into her mouth and lapping at her own juices and Delos's cum. 

 "Tell me, Mella, what do you have to share with me?" Netsanet said between sloppy kisses, their salvia dripping down their chins as they devoured each other's mouths. Mella smiled and ran two fingers down Netsanet's tongue, gathering saliva and then putting her fingers in her own mouth, sucking them clean. Otho's cock twitched against Netsanet's ass, which was grinding against him mercilessly while he watched her kiss someone in a way he had never seen her kiss anyone. Mella got up on her knees, so her breasts grazed Netsanet's golden cheeks. She took Netsanet's chin in her hand and pulled it gently to open her mouth. She then let a string of her saliva from her tongue fall into Netsanet's mouth, and Netsanet wiggled her ass harder against Otho, who leaned his head back against the wall and groaned from how hard his cock was against her, from how badly he wanted to fuck that open mouth and that messy cunt, and from how much he wanted to just sit there and watch his queen open her lush mouth to this foreign woman. Mella leaned down and laved her tongue over Netsanet's, spitting into her mouth again and digging her fingernails into her cheek, 
