 Author's note: Everyone in this story would be over 18 if they were normal humans. 

Part II: The Past 

Chapter 7: First Kiss 

Jacob, Marquess of Sparta, squire to His Majesty William CCLXII, King of the Twelve Realms was anxious to get back to Terra. Much of the court, including Ed, James, David, and his brother Malcolm had been traveling with the king for many cycles and all he wanted to do was to sleep in his own bed again. Sure, they had stopped on his home world of Citadel on their excursion, but that was at the beginning of the tour and besides, Citadel wasn't home right now. Terra was. He's lived on Terra, first as Page to the king and now Squire, for far longer than he had lived on Citadel as a child. It had been good to see his mother and father, of course, but Mal's presence always made his mother angry, so the visit had been more tense than he would have liked. But now they were arriving on Terra and they would be having dinner on Terra, and he'd get to sleep in his own bed. 

Tomorrow David would leave for Academy to return to his father, his wife Lisabet, and their young son. James would return to Citadel to his duties as Squire to Jacob's father there. And of course Ed would go with Sabbatical to return to his own duties there. James and Ed were born within a few cycles of each other and the king intended for them to be made knights at the next winter solstice celebration on Terra. 

"Hey Jake!" Ed's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. "It's our last night together for a while. What say you to having some fun together down at the spaceport tonight?" 

"Gods Ed, I just want to sleep in my own bed for once," Jake told him. 

"Time enough to sleep when you're in council meetings with father," Ed laughed. 

The squires continued to laugh and joke together as the king lead them through the Gatehouse into the Kype's lower ward where a group of courtiers waited to greet them. The Hoff was nearly full with nobles and one young woman breathless with anticipation. 

"Papa!" The princess rushed to her father, her long hair streaming out behind her shining like molten silver. The king spread his long arms and lifted her into a hug as she kissed him solidly. William beamed at his daughter, his blue eyes twinkling with merriment. 

"Princess, you make me very glad to be home," the king said. 

"It's so good to have you home, papa!" 

"Hey, Baby Girl," Ed said, grinning. "Do I get a kiss, too?" 

Fiona walked over to her brother the prince and went on her tiptoes to give him a quick kiss. Jacob watched as she then quickly kissed Malcolm, David, and James before standing in front of his much taller form and winding her small hand behind his neck and pulling him down to meet her lips. When he thought about it later, he was sure that she meant to give him the same sort of kiss she'd given her brother and the others. But when her lips touched his... his whole body felt like a live wire. Electric current flowed from her lips to his lips and from his lips to his groin. He moaned softly when she ended the kiss. 

"Wow," he murmured dreamily. She peered at him, her brows raised in surprise. He looked back, a combination of lust and surprised embarrassment warring on his face. She kissed him again, her tongue sweeping across his lower lip, leaning her body into his so that he could feel her soft curves against his chest. 

"Fiona!" the king called to his daughter. "Stop teasing my squire and walk with an old man." 

"Of course, papa," she responded, walking back to her father but sending a furtive glance towards Jacob. 

Jacob surreptitiously watched the princess walk with the king, her hands on her father's arm. He could hear her telling the king of the latest palace gossip, what she had been studying with the Maesters while they were gone on his progress, and her mother's plans for a trip to Vanguard. Had Jacob not been watching her so closely for it, he would not have seen how she kept looking at him whenever she thought his attention was elsewhere. She didn't seem to know that every fiber of his being was riveted by her. 

"Hey, Sparta! Penny for your thoughts," Ed called to Jake. He'd noticed his friend was preoccupied, but couldn't tell by what. "You seem a bit tense." 

"I guess I am," Jacob responded, puzzled at his own feelings. He raked his hands through his mop of wavy, sandy blond hair, trying to clear his thoughts. 

"Nothing that getting laid tonight won't solve," Ed teased him and laughed at his friend's blush. 

*** 

Dinner in the great hall was an hours long affair that night. Queen Maeve wanted to welcome her husband home with pomp and grandeur. The king and queen sat at opposite ends of the high table. Fiona was next to her father and across from the Duchess of Steading. David, as the eldest and a knight, had the honor of sitting to the queen's right hand while her step-son sat to her left. James sat next to Fiona and Jacob was across from him. Lady Melissa Swarthmore of Steading was next to Jacob. Fiona was surprised that her mother had allowed the squires to eat at the high table with the king, but other than the Duke and Duchess of Steading, the Duke of Sabbatical, and the king and queen themselves, everyone at the table were of the next generation, heirs to the great Houses along with sisters and younger brothers. 

"How was your Royal Progress, papa?" Fiona asked her father. 

"It was excellent, Häschen. Perhaps next time you can join me." 

"Oh, Papa, I would like that. 

"What was your favorite thing that happened?" 

"Coming home to you and your mother, of course!" 

Fiona giggled, delighted. "Okay, other than that?" 

"I enjoyed visiting Citadel. I always do. The lakes there are very beautiful, aren't they Jacob?" 

"Yes, sir. That and the night sky are the two things I miss most about Citadel." Jacob smiled wistfully. 

"The lesser planets in your sector each have their own rustic beauty," the king asserted. 

"Yes, sir. I particularly like my Northern Marches on Sparta. The area is so full of life. I like how it sounds at dawn and dusk." 

"Ah, yes. I used to hunt there when I was a boy and Squire to your grandfather. I probably have spent more time there than your father has, Jake." 

"Probably, Sire. My mother considers Sparta to be too rough for her. And father doesn't travel without her." 

"Your mother grew up here on Terra. Citadel itself can be quite an adjustment for city ladies. I imagine Sparta even more so." 

"I want to visit Sparta, papa," Fiona said, bouncing a little in her chair before she noticed a disapproving look from her mother at the other end of the table. 

*** 

It was well past midnight and His Royal Highness, The Prince Edward, heir to the throne of the Twelve Realms was smoking a pipe and gesturing wildly as he sang loudly and off key in a private party room in a brothel on the wide boulevard that lead from the island of the Kype to the spaceport. 

"I thought your father was considering outlawing places like this," James yelled, trying to be heard over the sounds of music and laughter. 

"He was thinking about it, but decided it was safer for the ladies if he just regulates them," Ed responded as he pulled a buxom redhead into his lap. "Safer for patrons, too, since there are medical checks for all the workers. 

"Jake!" Edward shouted to the younger man. "You are still so tense! Relax!" Edward leaned down to whisper in the ear of the woman on his lap. She looked over at Jacob, cocked her head to one side and nodded before rising and going over to him. Edward chuckled at the look on Jake's face when the woman sat down on his lap and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Ed called over two more women, a brunette Terran and an Aelfir woman with short sunflower yellow hair, and sent them over to Jake as well. Soon all three women were enjoying Sparta's company. 

"Hey, Ed, what's up with all the girls for Jake," James asked. In the dim light of the brothel only the whites of his eyes were visible, his dark chocolate skin fading into the darkness. 

"Jake needs some experience with women. He has no idea how to behave around girls, even my baby sister makes him blush." 

"Uh, Ed... your baby sister is growing up," James eyed his prince. "You might not have noticed. She made me blush when she kissed me before dinner." 

"What? You've got to be kidding," Edward scoffed. "She's just a kid." 

"Maybe she was just a kid when you left," David interjected, "but she looks more like a woman now. She has... " he motioned, his hands cupped, palms up. 

"She has...?" Edward mimicked David's motion. 

"Boobs, Edward," James laughed at David's hesitance. "Your sister has boobs. Big ones. She certainly didn't get a normal Aelfir build in the genetics lottery. I've never seen an Aelfir female with tits like that." 

"Gods dammit! Don't talk about my baby sister like that! I didn't notice anything of the sort." 

"Well, I'd say you were the only one who didn't notice." 

"She's just a kid..." Edward mumbled. 

*** 

Edward and all his friends were extremely blurry-eyed the next morning as they stood awaiting transport off world. The king and queen, along with the princess were there to see them off, along with Jacob who was clearly not feeling his best. 

"Jake!" Edward called, motioning him over. 

"By the Old Gods, Ed," Jacob moaned. "Please stop shouting." 

"Sorry, Jake," Edward grinned, not sorry in the least. "I get to rest on my way back to Sabbatical. You, on the other hand, will need to be sharp to work with father today." 

"Gah... Don't remind me," Jacob started to shake his head but thought better of it when his head started pounding even more than it was already. 

"I need you to do something for me. I'm pretty sure you owe me." 

"I owe you for making me feel like garbage today?" 

"You owe me for getting you laid last night." 

"That was... nice, I guess," Jacob winced in agreement. 

"Nice? Just 'nice'?" Edward looked incredulous. 

"Please, Ed. My head," Jacob moaned. "I'd probably say it was more than nice, but my head is about to explode, okay?" 

"Of course, Jake. And since you owe me, I'm going to need you to promise to do something for me." 

"If it'll get you to stop shouting at me, I'll do anything." 

"Perfect. I need you to look out for Fi. David and James both pointed out to me that she has... ah... really grown up while I've been away. She needs a strong protector and I'm appointing you," Edward met Jacob's eyes, his face serious. "Be her brother while I am in absentia. Just stick with her. Be her friend. Keep her safe." 

"Of course, Ed," Jacob responded, his eyes seeking out the princess where she stood with her parents talking to Sabbatical. "I am her friend. You don't even have to ask. I'll take care of her. I'll have to pay you back some other way." 

"If you can keep guys from pawing at her, I'll consider us even." 

The young men found their way back over to the royal family to say their goodbyes. Fiona held her brother in a tight hug for several minutes before letting go of him. Her eyes were bright with tears. 

"I will see you at the Winter Solstice, Baby Girl," Edward told her, kissing her upturned nose. "In the meantime, Jake has agreed to look after you for me, haven't you Jake?" 

"It will be my honor," he agreed, his face conveying total sincerity. 

Fiona took his hand in hers and held it tightly as Edward and the other young Lords and Ladies left on their transports. She noticed Jacob wince at the sound of the engines and turned to him in sympathy as the small group remaining on Terra walked back into the Kype. 

"Are you not feeling well, Jacob?" Her eyes conveyed her worry. 

"I stayed out too late with Ed and the guys last night," Jacob told her, embarrassed. 

"Maybe I can help you," Fiona told him. Before he could even think of stopping her, she reached her hands to his head and put her palms on his temples. He felt the heat of her palms increase as his headache and fatigue were swept away. He had the presence of mind to catch her before she collapsed at his feet. 

The king noticed his daughter wasn't next to him and turned to look for her just as Jacob caught her as she crumpled. 

"What is this, Sparta?" the king demanded, marching towards him. 

"I... ah... she...," Jacob stammered. 

William lifted his daughter away from Jacob and up with his long arms. He looked down from his full height along his long nose at Jacob, disapproving. Jacob could see the queen staring at him, her expression cold. 

"I don't know what she did. She noticed I wasn't feeling well and she said she could help." Jacob shook his head and rubbed his temples where she had touched him. 

"The princess has been learning empathic healing these last few cycles," the queen said, coming up next to her husband and stroking her daughter's forehead. "She's remarkably good at taking other's pain, but she doesn't yet know how to get rid of it from herself." 

"So she took my hangover and is suffering from it herself?" Jacob asked, his brow etched with worry. "She shouldn't have done that. I should have stopped her." 

"Papa?" Fiona shuddered in William's arms. 

"You outdid yourself, Häschen." 

"I feel like I got kicked in the head," she moaned. 

"Do you think you can walk?" 

"Yes, Papa." The king set his daughter on her feet. She swayed a little and steadied herself by gripping Jacob's elbow. 

"Take her to her chambers, Jake," the king told him. "I'll send up a Healer. Meet me in my study once she's settled." 

"Yes, sir." 

*** 

Jacob guided Fiona silently through the halls of the Kype towards the Princess's Tower. She held onto him tightly as they walked, as though she wasn't sure of her own footing. 

"What did you do to make yourself feel like this, My Lord?" she mumbled. 

"Staying up all night drinking with your brother," Jacob confessed with a rueful smile. 

"Why would you do that? Surely you knew how you'd feel today." 

"Well... yeah. But after the first drink or two you don't really care how bad you'll feel the next day. Besides Ed makes you feel like a troglodyte if you don't keep up with his partying ways." 

"Ed is a terrible influence on you, then," Fiona said with some heat to her voice, then moaned in pain again. "You should try to be a good influence on him instead," she sighed. 

"You are probably right," Jacob acknowledged with a soft laugh. "And maybe the fact that I caused you physical pain this time will remind me not to do it next time. 

"I am so, so sorry that I hurt you," he said as they arrived at the door to her chambers. He stroked her face gently as she looked up at him. 

He opened her door for her and followed her into the room, closing the door behind them. She turned to face him, still gripping his elbow for support. She pressed her body to his and tilted her head back, looking into his eyes. Without thinking, he leaned down and pressed his lips against hers. They kissed, lips open, tongues touching for several minutes, parting only when they heard the door start to open. 

"The king sent me, Your Highness," Maester Healer Walter said as he pushed the door open. Jacob and Fiona had jumped apart at the first sound at the door so were a decent distance away from each other when Walter caught sight of them. 

"I... uh... Your father is expecting me back at his study, Your Highness," Jacob said to her, his breath rapid from his body's arousal. "I hope you feel better soon." 

*** 

Jacob found the king in his study and set to work helping William with the tasks of the day. 

"Is Fiona settled, then?" William asked. 

"Maester Walter arrived just a few minutes after we got to her tower. He said he'd see to her. I wish I had realized what she was doing for me; I would have stopped her." 

"She is young and thinks it's her duty to help. She doesn't yet think of herself as having value the way she thinks that you or I do." 

"That's... actually, that's kind of terrible. Fiona is easily the smartest person I know." 

"Yes, she is. It's too bad she hasn't a cunning bone in her body or she'd be a great asset to me in treaty negotiations and diplomacy," the king smiled at his squire. 

Jacob helped the king start to get caught up on all the decisions that had been left to wait while he was on his Royal Progress. The Queen had managed everything she could, but William explained that there were always some decisions that could be made only by the sovereign lord. They worked hard through the morning and Jacob was extremely grateful to Fiona that he was able to do the work without being exhausted with a headache. William had Jacob call for a cold lunch to be brought to them in the king's study. A short while later, Fiona arrived with the lunch and the three of them sat down to eat together. 

"Feeling better, Häschen?" 

"Yes, Papa. Maester Walter gave me something for the headache and had me drink a bunch of water and take a nap. When I awoke I felt much better." 

"And now you know why it's not good to drink in excess, my dear." 

"Yes, Papa," Fiona giggled. 

"And Jacob knows why he should say 'no' to Edward sometimes," the king said archly. 

"Yes, sir," Jacob grinned. 

*** 

When Jacob arrived in the Dojo in the bowels of the Kype for some exercise and training before dawn the next morning, he found Fiona already there going through sword forms. She wore tight fencing leggings and a form-fitting tank top that was already darkened by sweat. Her long silver-white hair was up in a high ponytail braided in a plait that went down past the swell of her ass and her face was pink with her efforts. Jacob was forced to close his eyes and regulate his breathing when he saw her. His body wanted her badly but at least for now, his mind was in control. 

"Oh!" Fiona exclaimed in surprise as she caught sight of him while executing a slow turn. "I'm sorry, My Lord Sparta. I didn't realize you worked-out so early. I'll leave you in peace." She started to head toward the weapons cache to put her training weapons away, even though it was clear to Jake that she was mid-workout. 

"NO!" he shouted. Her eyebrows shot up in alarm. "I mean 'no', it's okay. I don't mind the company." 

"Maester Lennon says I'm not allowed to be in here when... important people... are training." 

"Maester Lennon doesn't think you're an 'important person'?" Jacob asked, his lips curving up in a grin. "I think his definition of 'important' is skewed if it doesn't apply to you." 

"He only lets me in here at all because papa commanded him to. Luckily, Captain Kennedy agreed to teach me, since Maester Lennon refused. He thinks girls have no business learning how to fight. 

"I've been coming here before dawn for many cycles since it's the only time Maester Lennon isn't here to glare at me. I guess I should have realized that with papa's return, there would be men who want to use the dojo early... ." 

"I always do my work-out early," Jacob told her. "In my experience, no one else is down here before mid-morning. So I'm probably the only man you'll have to contend with for dojo time. 

"Will you let me share the dojo with you? I'm nowhere near as important as you are," Jacob grinned at her. 

Fiona cast down her eyes and smiled. Jacob could see a blush creep over her face and down her neck. It took all the willpower he could muster not to touch her cheek and feel its heat. 

"I'll just go over there and warm up. You can finish up what you were doing. If you want to. If you don't mind me being here, I mean." Jacob wasn't sure if she was still going to run away from him. She seemed to still be considering. 

"If you'd rather finish alone, I can come back later," he finally offered. 
