 Author's note: Everyone in this story would be over 18 if they were normal humans. 

Chapter 9: It is Forbidden 

"Can you believe how Sparta fawns over the mongrel?" Katherine of Jordan sneered to her friends. "It's disgusting." 

"I wouldn't call it 'fawning'," Renee of Pemberley responded, doubtful. "He's squire to the king and it's part of his duty to escort the princess." 

"Don't worry about it, Kat. He probably just wants to fuck her," Erik, Earl Crispian laughed. "The Old Gods know I want to. Have you seen those tits?" 

"She's fat!" 

"No, she isn't. She's got a body made for fucking. She needs to learn how to blow a guy. I think I'm just the one to teach her." 

"She's just a kid," Renee reminded him. "Besides, I read somewhere it's not legal to fuck a Royal Princess." 

"She's not really 'just a kid'. If she were a full Terran she'd be considered an adult. It's only because she's a weird half-breed that her body has matured later... and then all at once it seems like. I'm sure her mind is that of an adult, in any case. So it'd be totally okay to fuck her." 

"Well, when I am queen, I will insist that she be banished," Katherine told them. "She's so creepy! She has those weird eyes and ears." 

"She is fucking hot! And Edward isn't going to marry you," Erik laughed again, a cruel note to his voice. "And he isn't going to banish his baby sister." 

Fiona sat curled up in her favorite alcove off the music room, her knees pulled up to her chest, tears sliding down her cheeks as she listened to some of the younger court gossip about her. She held her glamour about her, concealing herself. 

"GET OUT!" The room rang like a bell when Jacob slammed his fist down on the table the little group sat at. 

"Hey, Sparta. We were just... ." Renee started. 

"I heard enough!" 

"You can't just order us around, you know," Katherine whined. 

"I think that I can. Now get out before I remove you myself!" 

"Come on, Kat," Erik said. "You don't want to fight with Sparta. He'll win every time." He pulled Katherine away by her elbow. 

"You should find better friends," Jacob commented to Renee as she scurried after them. 

In minutes the large room was empty. 

"Fiona?" Jacob called softly. "I know you're in here. The king sent me to get you." He saw the drape to one of the window seats twitch but she didn't come out. He went over to where she was hiding and peered in. He saw her pale face streaked with tears, her eyes red and puffy. He sat next to her and gathered her into his arms. She stiffened and tried to pull away from him. 

"I sent them away, princess," he murmured to her. "They can't hurt you now." 

"You just stopped them this time," she said bitterly. "Where were you yesterday? Or last cycle? Or 20 cycles ago? Where will you be tomorrow? 

"You only care because the king commands you, anyway," she sniffled. "Because Ed made you promise." 

"You know that's not true," he reached out and cupped her face, drawing her towards him. He kissed her soft lips and she gasped. "I care because I... I like you. I really, really like you." 

They kissed for several minutes, Jacob's fingers trailing along her delicate neck, her hands petting his chest and shoulders until he pulled himself away from her. "The king is surely wondering where we are by now," he sighed. 

"Just one more minute, Jake?" Fiona said, kissing him again. "One more... ." They continued, mouths together, lips parted until Jacob again stopped them, holding Fiona away, his hands on her shoulders. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. 

"I need to get my violin. Papa wants me to play for him. That's why I'm here." 

"Of course. I'll help you." 

Fiona got her violin in its case and gathered her music. Jacob took the case from her and offered his arm to escort her to her father. The two entered the king's study, Jacob's arm wrapped familiarly around Fiona's waist, their hips touching. Fiona took her instrument from Jacob and brushed his lips with hers in thanks. Fiona turned to greet her father with a smile, and noticed him looking at them with an inscrutable expression on his face. 

"What do you want to hear, papa?" Fiona asked as she removed her violin from its case. 

"Anything that will help me concentrate, princess. So no dances, since I won't be able to resist tapping my toe." 

"Okay, papa." 

Fiona played while Jacob and William discussed upcoming meetings with the king's ministers. William caught Jacob and Fiona looking at each other several times and wondered if what he was seeing was a new development or if he had just been oblivious to the fact they were falling in love right under his nose. 

"Fiona, dear, thank you," the king told his daughter as she wrapped up her final piece of music. "You played beautifully, as always. I'm sure you're tired. Why don't you find your mother and see if she needs anything before dinner. 

"I'll send Jacob to take your instrument back to the music room after we are done here." 

"Oh. Of course, papa." Fiona dropped a curtsey and shot a puzzled look at Jacob before exiting the room. 

"Jake, put away your calculations for now. I need your undivided attention," the king's voice was somber. 

"Yes, sir?" Jacob put aside his notes and looked at the king, his brows raised in question. 

"Jacob. You know that I love you like a second son." 

"Ah... Thank you, sir. I... uh... ." 

"If you were anyone but the heir to Citadel it would give me great joy to have you as my son-in-law. But you are the future Duke of Citadel and my daughter can never be yours. It is forbidden," Willim pointed his finger at Jacob's chest, his voice rough. "You know this." 

"I... ." Jacob's face flushed with embarrassment. 

"I've noticed the two of you. Since we returned from my Progress. It seemed like harmless flirting. But I can see now... it's not harmless, if it ever was. 

"Perhaps I should have nipped it in the bud when I first noticed, but this old man liked seeing two of his favorite young people happy." 

Jacob gripped the arms of his chair so tightly that his knuckles were white, but he couldn't seem to form words in response. 

"Jake," the king said gently, "you need to distance yourself from Fiona. It may be painful now, but it will only be more so if you let this love grow." 

"Yes, sir," Jacob whispered after licking his lips. "I'm sorry, sir." 

*** 

At the end of a long day the king enjoyed some time with his queen. He stroked her teal hair and caressed her shoulder softly as they lay together in her bed. 

"You are preoccupied, William," Maeve said, snuggling into his side. 

"I am, wife. Our daughter is much on my mind. I am afraid she has given her heart to Jacob and it cannot be. I talked to him this afternoon and told him that I am aware of the situation. I have commanded him to keep his distance from her." 

"If your daughter is truly in love with him, she won't just let it go. She won't be able to. Her Aelfir magic won't allow it. 

"But she is far too young in any case. Her body and mind are not ready for eros. She is barely a woman by Terran standards, and is still a child to the Aelfir. She's not ready for Wareliebe. She's still years away from her debut at court. 

"I think it's time for us to consider furthering her education at the University on Academy. Her magic is strong and we are close to the point where she cannot grow it further here. And it will remove her from the temptation that is Jacob. If her love magic flowers here, she will have no control over it." 

"Not yet... not yet, my queen," William sighed. "I want the child of my old age here with me as long as possible." 

"Of course, husband. 

"I will speak to her in the morning and remind her that she can have no future with Jacob, much as it pains me. Of all the young lords of the Twelve Realms, he is the one I like the most. He is serious beyond his years." 

"As he must be, considering the jester my son is. 

"I wonder how often this has come up over the generations, my dear. Surely our Fiona isn't the first Princess Royale to fall for Citadel, considering how many Lords of Sparta have acted as king's squire over the millennia. 

"My own sister found Jacob's father Benjamin to be such a rakehell that she wouldn't have voluntarily spent any time with him. He was quite the ladies' man in his youth." 

"I am certain that the Crown Law exists precisely because this is far too common," his queen replied. "A joining between the Royal House and Citadel is far too dangerous for a Royal Princess to allow." 

*** 

Fiona's Lady's Maid was waiting for her when she returned from her morning work-out in the dojo. Jacob had not been there that morning and his absence had pained Fiona more than she would have expected. They had fallen into a routine together and she disliked having that disrupted. 

"Your mother has asked you to join her in her solar for breakfast, Your Highness," Elsa told her after Fiona bathed.. 

"Oh! I was going to have breakfast with Papa. Mama didn't say anything about breakfast at dinner last night. I wonder what's on her mind." 

"Perhaps you can ask her about some new dresses, Princess," Elsa said as she worked through the wardrobe. "You have grown over three inches since the Spring Equinox and your dresses no longer fit. Not to mention your womanly figure needs more room to develop." 

"Gah! Don't embarrass me, Elsa. I'd really rather get more dungarees so I can go exploring in the Wilds. It's mama who insists I dress like a lady." 

Elsa helped Fiona dress in a simple dark blue soft linen gown, embroidered in daisies. She pulled and tied the golden laces that allowed the dress to fit Fiona's form. The maid brushed and then braided Fiona's long silver hair so that it shown metallic under the lights. 

"We need to hurry. I'm sure mama is already waiting for me." 

"Yes, ma'am. I think we are done here. I'll have the chamber maid clean your room while you are at breakfast." 

"Thank you Elsa. I do still intend to spend my day with papa, so there's no hurry." 

"Yes, my lady." 

*** 

Fiona found her mother waiting for her in her solar drinking coffee, looking coldly beautiful as always. 

"Good morning, mama," Fiona greeted her, dropping into a deep courtsey before rising and leaning down to kiss her cheek. 

"Good morning, darling." The queen's demeanor warmed with a smile for her daughter. "Thank you for coming to breakfast with me today. I feel like I haven't seen much of you lately." 

"I suppose not, mama. I've been spending a lot of time with papa. He's preparing to meet with the finance ministers and I..." 

"I can't imagine that a princess would find that at all interesting," the queen said, her eyes searching Fiona's face for a reaction. 

"Well... I don't find the topic itself interesting. What is interesting is the work papa puts into preparing for it. The finance ministers are the experts, but papa tries to be an expert on everything. Jacob and I find it fascinating. Jacob really admires papa, you know? And I like to help. Papa has Jacob do a lot of research for him, and I help Jake. And sometimes papa has me play music for him while they work. He says it helps him think." 

Fiona knew that she was babbling, but couldn't stop herself. 

"So you're spending time with your father because you are interested in his work?" 

"Yes, mama. Exactly." 

"And it's not at all because you want to spend time with Jacob? 

"I... uh...," Fiona licked her lips and picked at her skirt, avoiding her mother's eyes. 

"Fiona. Darling. Your father is... concerned. He thinks Jacob and you are developing feelings for each other." 

Fiona's face drained of color and she shook her head silently, still not looking at her mother. 

"The king talked to Jacob yesterday. He's told him to keep his distance from you. And you are going to help him by no longer spending your days with papa. Jacob has a job to do that requires he be with the king. It is your duty to allow him to do his job without you there as a distraction." 

"Yes, mama." Fiona acquiesced, her voice barely audible. 

"I know you have been neglecting your studies with the Maesters. I expect you to return to your former schedule of spending your mornings and some of your afternoon with them." 

"Yes, mama." 

"Then I consider the topic settled. Jacob can not be yours. You know that." 

Fiona nodded, miserable. 

"On to other topics then. 

"Your father and I have decided that it's time to have your own ladies in attendance. We thought you might choose two or three to start. Your court will not be large, of course, but you should have a close friend or two." 

Fiona looked at her mother dully and shook her head. 

"Come now, daughter, surely there is a lady here in the palace who you could call a friend?" 

"Lady Melissa Swarthmore, perhaps, mama," Fiona whispered. "She has never called me a mongrel... that I know of." 

"I should say not! Lady Melissa is an excellent choice. I will discuss it with her mother. 

"Anyone else?" 

"Sophia of Star Fall." 

"Another good choice. Although, I expect she will marry soon. I will speak to her mother as well." 

"Mama? May I go? I am not feeling well." Fiona pushed away from the table, and rose out of her chair, uncharacteristically not waiting for permission. 

"Of course, baby. You go rest." 

Fiona returned to her rooms in the Princess's Tower and threw herself on her bed. She buried her face in her pillow and cried until she couldn't cry any longer and then she fell into a fitful sleep. A few hours later, she heard Elsa enter the room and leave a tray of food for her lunch on the table next to the fireplace. Fiona just stayed in the bed. After some time, Elsa returned and took the tray away. 

"Your father has requested your presence at the Great Hall for dinner, Princess," Elsa said to Fiona, attempting to rouse her. 

"No, Elsa. I am not feeling well," Fiona told her. "I can't go to dinner." 

"Very well, my lady," Elsa said, after a few minutes. "I will inform your mother." 

"Thank you, Elsa." 

As soon as Fiona heard the door close behind Elsa, she changed into dungarees, a soft cotton shirt, leather ankle boots, and a warm coat. She grabbed some money and two small daggers out of a small chest she kept under her bed, pinned up her braid and pulled on a knit cap to cover her distinctive hair and ears, and slipped quietly out of her room. She only had to use her glamour once to slip through the main gates. 

The Kype covered the southern tip of a large island, situated at the mouth of a river flowing into a freshwater inland sea. The Terran Wilds, old growth ancient forest, covered a series of islands that hugged the eastern edge of the large island from the Kype all the way to an ancient lighthouse at the northern most tip. Most of the northern quarter of the big island was guarded by Cathedrals to the Old and New Gods which at this time of night were dark and empty but for their priests and caretakers. The remainder of the island, between the Cathedrals and the Kype, featured beautifully manicured parks and colorful gardens, art museums, an opera house, and theaters big and small. All places that Fiona loved to visit during the day but that did not entice her attention in her current mood on a cold and dreary night. 

Fiona considered going to the Wilds, but she knew full well it was too dangerous to make the ford from the lower bailey to the first island in the dark. So instead she took one of the pedestrian bridges from the island to the restaurant and entertainment district that hugged the western shore of the river north of the Kype. It was an area she could see from her rooms in the Princess's Tower but had never had the opportunity, nor nerve enough to visit. She felt drawn by the music pounding in the streets as she made her way towards... well, she didn't have a destination in mind. 

She really just wanted to get away from the palace. From her father who surely would try to reason with her. She could imagine the disappointment and compassion she would see in his eyes. She wanted to get away from her mother who would show her no sympathy. Maeve would tell her daughter that it was her duty to her father and the Twelve Realms to forget about Jacob. And she wanted to get away from Jacob because she feared that he would be mature about this, that her father would have already reasoned him to the position where he could so easily cut himself off from her feelings. She couldn't stand to see acceptance and pity in his eyes. So she walked away and wandered. After a while she felt a gentle mist form in the air as the temperature dropped.  

She decided to take shelter in a little sandwich shop and bought some soup to eat and a drink. She removed her coat, hoping it would dry in the warmth of the shop. She ate her soup but didn't really taste it. She noticed another customer eye her up and down and started to get nervous. She pulled her coat back on and when she noticed the man get up and start to make a move towards her, she jumped up and ran out, leaving her unfinished food behind. 

Outside, back in the mist that was quickly turning into a cold rain, she noticed men in palace livery making their way down the street, looking in the many shops and stores. She knew they were looking for her so she gathered her glamour around herself and turned down a small side street and hurried away. 

*** 

It was hours past midnight and Jacob sat with the king in his study as they waited for news of the princess. Jacob felt empty after a long day working with the king without the respite of Fiona's presence. He'd heard William tell Fiona's maid to call her to dinner and he felt his heart race in anticipation. When she didn't arrive, he was concerned and the king subdued. When the king asked Lady Melissa to check on his daughter and she returned unable to find the girl, Jacob had joined the search through the palace. It was only when Elsa had reported that Fiona's daggers were gone, along with her spending money and outer clothes that Jacob felt his panic rise. 

"Where would she go?" Jacob wondered aloud. "She doesn't exactly know the city." 

"You know very well that she knows it better than you do, Jake," the king's voice rumbled. Jacob glanced over at the king, his tall powerful frame slumped low in his chair, his thick white hair in wild disarray from running his hands through it. "But that doesn't mean she is safe from its many dangers." 

"Where would she go? And why?" 

"Jacob, the 'why' is easy enough. She is upset about you. 

"As to 'where'? All the places that I know she loves are not places that are open in the middle of the night. She could be anywhere. 

"So long as she didn't do anything extreme like purchase transport off world, my soldiers will find her. 

"I think you should go get some sleep, Jake. You'll do me no good as a squire tomorrow if you fall asleep on your feet." 

"But sire, what if...?" 

"No Jake. You are the last person I'd allow to rescue my daughter if she needs it. Go." There was no mistaking the command in his voice. 

"Yes, sir." 

*** 

Jacob lay in bed, in turmoil over the princess. He couldn't reconcile his own feelings. As he'd said to her himself, he really liked her. He enjoyed spending time with her. She was so incredibly smart. He'd been impressed by her insight when they we're doing research for the king. She had a quick wit that could set him to laughing when she pointed out the absurd. And she was beautiful. Her features were still soft and girlish, but he could see that soon she would shed her past self. She was still transforming, but she was already quite the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. He realized as he thought about her that the king was right, he was falling in love. Or maybe the king was wrong and he was already in love. It had pained him greatly not to see her all day. 
