 It's been a while since I've posted, but I've gotten a lot of emails in regards to the story, so I am posting more. Thank you for all of your wonderful emails and responses. I do plan on posting more regularly.

*****

"You all need to get in your lines, immediately." Nathada growled and looked over the slaves with her narrowed eyes. Her small body was in a huff while she tapped her bare foot and waited for her charges to make their way to the main arch of their chambers. Amairani was frightened of Nathada, she was an absolute figure in Asteria, and she had been around to see the reigns of three kings. Nathada was also someone Amairani couldn't work her charms on, a woman completely frigid and direly old. Her skin was like parchment dusted with the white sands of the beaches of the Zharian, with silky white hair braided into a coil on top of her head. When the slaves had heard Nathada come into the room, followed by their attendants, they got up from their beds and nests of pillows and blankets, and had gone to their spots in line so that their attendants could make sure they were ready to go to the throne room. 

"King Eion is meeting with the council today, as you all know." Nathada said as she circled the lines the slaves had made, looking them over. "So you will not have the luxury of leaving the throne room whenever you feel like it when one of the royals has not called for you." She looked pointedly to Delos, who she had just scolded only yesterday for getting caught in one of the gardens with one of Princess Raya's chamber servants. Delos kept his eyes forward, looking at the back of Otho's braid while Lelai giggled next to him. 

"I expect you to be the picture of obedience and silence while the king speaks to his council, and while the visitors come in from the trading ships to see Queen Netsanet afterwards. You best make yourselves comfortable kneeling when you get into the throne room, because I doubt you will be moving from your places for a long while." Nathada said once she got to the front of the line, her black, beady eyes looking at each of their faces. 

"Yes Mistress Nathada," they all said in unison.

She nodded and began walking towards the arch, and the slaves followed her in step. The attendants followed close behind, the four of them clothed in sheer black cloth to denote their status.

The slaves walked in pairs, with Amairani and Caiseal at the front, and Uri and Daya in the back. As Nathada led them through the halls, Amairani's eyes wandered, taking in every bit of Asteria as she did whenever she was walked to the throne room. Their chambers were connected to long hallways that wrapped around the castle and went straight to the throne room, with several other passages along the right side that led to other places around the castle. The only passages that opened from the outside were the ones from the kitchens and the attendants' rooms - all of the other doors could only be opened from the inside and were guarded constantly by King Eion's warriors. The left side of the serpentine passageway was left completely exposed, just as half of the slaves' chambers were. 

From her long walk to the throne room, Amairani could see the Zharian, and she could see the hundreds of large trade ships docked along its beaches, and her cunt tingled with excitement. This was her first time seeing any of the merchants since she had been brought to the King's tent when she had been made a royal slave one year ago. The trading was done only every other year, and Ismaray had told Amairani that the merchants from several kingdoms were allowed to use the pleasure slaves, if King Eion granted them permission. 

Ismaray had told her of one merchant from the Beyrine Kingdom, where Luana imported their jewels from (the jewels Amairani now wore on her body and her cunt), that had been given leave to take one of the pleasure slaves for the night. He had chosen Ismaray, and had taken her to his ship, where he laid her on a bed of smooth dragon's diamond, and had fucked her with one of the longer stones, while his cock was buried in her supple ass. She said he spoke gently into her ear the whole night, while she licked the jewel clean of her own cum and he continued to fuck her ass, until he came onto her belly, and told her to coat the diamond with it and fuck herself while she sucked his cock. She was made to fuck herself with the jewel all night, and before he sent her away she said he told her he would make a wonderful necklace from the jewel for one of his wives in Beyrine. 

Amairani had never been used by a man or woman that wasn't from Luana, and she had only been outside of the Asteria once in the past year with King Eion, when he took her and his daughters into a cave behind one of the waterfalls that fed the Sun Streams, and when she thought of that time she felt weak with desire. King Eion had treated her as if she was one of his children, and there had been no chains or formalities like there was in the castle. It had been spent entirely nude, and Amairani had spent individual time with each of the princesses, and copious time with all three of them and their father together. When she was alone with King Eion in the castle, he would often ask her to recount to him her favorite memory from the cave, and it would end with her spent on top of him while his cum seeped out of her cunt. 

"Amairani, keep up," Nathada hissed from ahead of her, and Amairani noticed she had been lagging, thinking about the King's cock filling up her cunt. Caiseal snickered, having noticed the glazed look she had on her face. Amairani reached over and pinched his thigh hard. 

"Hey!" He yelped and smacked her ass. Nathada spun around and the slaves stopped dead, some of them bumping into each other. 

"You two," she said and looked up at both of them, "will stop immediately if you know what's good for you. I will not have this behavior on today of all days. You know how important today is for King Eion and Luana, if you both cannot show you can behave then it will reflect poorly on the King. And on me," she stepped closer threateningly, causing Caiseal to stumble back a little. 

"Yes Mistress Nathada," Amairani purred and smiled at her, pleased with the little delay she had caused. She knew it would make Caiseal find some way to get back at her later, which usually ended in a nice spanking from him and a few orgasms from her. 

Nathada spun around and continued down the hallway, almost to the throne room doors. Amairani kept her posture straight and her hips swaying, just as she always did, and ignored Caiseal's side eyes to her all the way to the throne room.

When they arrived at the great stained glass doors, the guards waited for Nathada's signal. She looked over her shoulder at her charges once more, sighed as she shook her head, and then turned back to nod at the guards. The two hulking men pulled open the doors. Amairani's stomach fluttered, she loved being in the front of the line. 

Nathada led them into the nearly empty throne room; they walked along the edge of the cavernous room and towards the high throne. The throne room itself reminded Amairani of The Sister's Hall back on the island, with its blinding white walls covered in intricate mosaics of gold and jewels and highly arched windows that let light pour in onto the dark tiled floor. In the middle of the throne room was King Eion's magnificent throne, it was a great gold chair with a high and straight back, crusted with emeralds and smaller jewels - encircling the throne was a great stone dragon, its scales made of emeralds and its frozen wings towering over the top of the throne, three times the chair's height. The dragon had terrified and thrilled Amairani when she was first introduced into the throne room, where she had been sent in alone in the middle of the night, with King Eion waiting for her on the throne. 

The slaves were seated on either side of the dragon, kneeling on the cold hard floor for as long as they were told. Queen Netsanet sat on a smaller throne that was nestled between the dragon's thick neck and one of his massive claws, while all the royal children sat on small golden stools with deep seats and plush cushions, encircled by the dragons tail and another of his great set of claws. When the King and his family and his slaves were all there, they covered the expansive space between either end of the dragon all the way to the lines of flowing plants and flowers that spilled out of the windows and crawled behind the throne. 

"Take your places," Nathada ordered once they reached the dragon, The slaves scattered to kneel in their lines of three, Amairani kneeling next to the head with Ismaray and Lelai beside her; Fariha sat behind her with Daya and Samara next to her. Delos took his place next to the tail of the dragon, he sat next to the dragon in the front row of each group of slaves like Amairani because he usually led the lines with her, but had been placed in another spot because of his indiscretion with the chamber servant. Next to Delos sat Caiseal and Otho; behind Delos were Uri, then Aiken and Blade. The attendants flanked each group in twos, and Nathada paced in front of them, her hands smoothing down her hair. 

"If King Eion sends any of you out to the traders, you will treat them as though they are a part of the royal family. They are not allowed to release their seed into you." She looked for a moment at Fariha, who she knew had a liking for cum in all of her holes, and Fariha blushed but did not look away. "If you are not called by the traders or the royal family, then you have been given leave to roam about the castle as you please - but only according to your restrictions." She looked at Aiken, "Aiken, since you are fairly new, where are you not allowed to go?"

Aiken stiffened at Nathada's attention and said tersely, "We are not allowed to go beyond the front doors of the throne room, the doors leading outside of the other servants' quarters, to go over the walls in the gardens, or to go out to the beaches without at least two guards and permission from you." 

"And?" Nathada raised an eyebrow. 

"We are not allowed to go to the royal family's chambers without having been called and escorted." Aiken said quickly. He blushed more deeply than Fariha had and tightened his lips together. 

Nathada nodded and began to walk away just as more servants began flooding in with huge pillows and blankets for the visitors to sit on, some carrying in long benches of gold or seats of gold for the higher visitors to sit on. Amairani watched them prepare four large nests of pillows and blankets, each with one golden chair in the middle or a bench among the silks. 

"They'll have four families coming from the trading kingdoms, well, important families. They never bring benches unless they bring wives or children with them." Ismaray whispered to Amairani. Amairani smiled to herself and looked over at her sister. Ismaray looked back at her with a little glint in her eye, 

"I do hope we get called on together, think of the fun we could have.' She giggled and touched Amairani's hand with her fingertips. Amairani smiled and took Ismaray's hand and bit her fingertip softly. She looked over to see both Caiseal and Delos watching them with an amused look on their faces, but then followed their eyes when they suddenly turned to look behind Ismaray and Amairani. Amairani looked beside her and saw that Samara had leaned up to put her head on Lelai's shoulder, and had begun to kiss up and down her neck, her white blonde hair covering Lelai's dark face as she moved up to kiss her sister, their tongues swirling together as Samara's hand trailed down the front of her body. 

Amairani tightened her thighs. 

Lelai rolled her head back on to Samara's shoulder when Samara's fingers reached her clit, which she rubbed slowly and gently, squeezing it between her fingers when it had gotten swollen and wet for her. Lelai let out a little moan when Samara pushed a finger into cunt, alerting the attendants to their misbehaving. Willow, Lelai's attendant, got up immediately and gingerly separated the two girls, readjusting Lelai's jewels and hair as Samara sat back and sucked on her finger and giggled. 

The doors at the end of the hall flung open, and in walked a retinue of guards, with King Eion and Queen Netsanet behind, the royal children pulling up the rear with two servants each. Amairani sat up straight and laid her hands on her thighs with her palms upturned, and breathed deeply and slowly to still her fast-beating heart. The guards dispersed through the room taking their various places, and King Eion walked confidently towards the dragon, his eyes roaming around the room leisurely until they fell on Amairani. 

Amairani took in a sharp breath but held her pose and composure. King Eion's deep green eyes looked straight at her, and she looked back into them until she drug her eyes down the rest of him. She was devastated every time she looked at him, and she had learned to restrain herself from reaching for him whenever she saw him over the months. She looked at his soft mouth, looking thoughtfully at the grey hairs that had started to appear on his short but full beard and imagined the feeling of it moving along her inner thighs, his tongue laving over her clit as she arched her back. She saw a small smile on his face as he looked from one of his female pleasure slaves to the other, and she tried to look at his crotch to see any sign of an erection but the long and heavy robe he wore under his otherwise thin and dark clothing obscured it. 

Queen Netsanet followed him closely, looking at the set-up of the throne room more intently than King Eion had, her black eyes scanning every inch of the room as she followed her husband. Her waist-long black hair was braided elaborately and dotted with what looked like hundreds of jewels, and her full lips were blood-red petals against her pale and sharp face. Her high cheekbones were dusted with gold powder, and Amairani watched the sunlight catch her face in a shimmer, and bit her lip softly. Queen Netsanet was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. Her body was wrapped tightly in a sheer, white, silky fabric, her breasts pressed against her chest and Amairani could clearly see her pierced nipples harden in the chilly air of the throne room. Her body was quite similar to Amairani's body, with wide hips, a small waist, and small breasts, which were why Amairani had thought King Eion had favored her so much. 

King Eion let Queen Netsanet pass him to sit on her throne, and leaned down to kiss her softly on the lips before whispering something in her ear. She nodded deftly, touched his cheek, and settled into her throne. Delos looked at her out of the corner of his eye and she held her hand out to him, which he took immediately and kissed all over, and Caiseal and the rest of the male pleasure slaves got up and followed suit. 

The royal children had taken their time following their parents, and Amairani noticed that the twins, Princesses Raya and Iman, weren't even in the throne room yet. The oldest, Prince Ammon, walked in with his youngest brother, Prince Kieran, side by side. Prince Ammon looked exactly like his father, except his beard was closely shaven and black, and he had thick black curls on his head that he kept short. He was almost as large as Delos, but just as strong, he had a scar on his arm and on his neck from leading war parties over the mountains. Ammon was terribly serious with everyone but his sisters and some of the pleasure slaves (especially Ismaray and Lelai). Prince Kieran resembled his mother, with sharp aristocratic features and a soft and full mouth and he had shoulder length dark brown hair and a strong and lean body, When Prince Kieran passed the pleasure slaves, he looked at Daya briefly and winked at her, making Daya blush and smile brightly at him. Prince Ammon and Kieran went up to their mother and kissed her cheek and bowed to their father, who sat on his throne with his elbow resting on the throne, his chin set on his fist. 

The second oldest prince, Prince Daemon, accompanied the youngest princess, Princess Amalia. Prince Daemon looped his arm with Amalia's and whispered something to her as they walked towards the dragon. Amalia giggled and looked at one of the servant girls, who blushed and ducked down to fix some of the pillows that were already straight. 

Amairani couldn't help but smile when she saw Prince Daemon - he was constantly exuding energy. He had black eyes and black hair like Queen Netsanet, but the strong build of his father and the height of his brother Prince Ammon. Prince Daemon was like his older brother, but more lively and playful, and free of scars or blemishes on his pale porcelain skin. Amairani always thought him to be the perfect mix of his royal parents. 

Prince Daemon greeted his mother and father the same way Prince Ammon and Kieran had, and took his place among them in the dragon's tail. Princess Amalia came up to her mother, wearing a dark green gown of the same sheer fabric, but one that held onto her curves loosely. Her long brown curls were let free, and instead of jewels she had laced white flowers into them, but she wore striking dragon's diamond earrings that brought out her bright green eyes. Her face was freckled and her lips were soft but pale pink and full, and she had the longest eyelashes Amairani had ever seen. Princess Amalia came up to her father and kneeled, and kissed his hand that he held out for her. King Eion stroked her cheek slowly, and nodded towards her brothers so she would take her place. When she sat down, Amalia looked towards Blade, who looked at her directly, and she smiled devilishly at him, feeling the aching of the bruises Blade had left on her ass the previous night. 

Amairani looked towards the doors at the end of the throne room, waiting for Princesses Raya and Iman to make their entrances, since they probably had taken their time so they could walk in alone with a flurry of servants, swaying their hips in step with each other as they stared into King Eion's eyes all the way up to the throne. 

A few moments later they arrived just as she thought they would, wearing gowns like Princess Amalia's that they had tailored to fit their curves snugly, accentuating the seductive hips they inherited from Queen Netsanet. Amairani raised her eyebrows when she saw that they had recently gotten their nipples pierced, and wore dangling chains decorated with bright dragon's diamond from them. Their straight black hair was pulled back tightly into a long and thick braid, and their fine features had been dusted with gold powder. Raya smiled and her red lips shimmered as she briefly looked at her sister, Iman, whose cheeks were flushed. Amairani noticed both of their mouths looked slightly swollen aside from their natural plumpness, and got wet at the realization that they were late because they had been kissing in their chambers before they arrived. 

King Eion didn't change his position or look at his twin daughters as they kissed their mother on the cheeks at the same time and then kneeled in front of him and kissed his hand at the same time, but Amairani turned her head around briefly and saw him make eye contact with her and wink at her before looking away. 

The throne room was now filled along the edges with servants and attendants, who sat still along the walls with guards standing among them. Two attendants of King Eion came into the room, one carrying scrolls in his arms, and the other looking anxiously at an unrolled scroll with tiny writing on it. They kneeled before the dragon, and the one with the scrolls said, 

"Your Highness, the traders are ready and waiting." 

"Send them in," King Eion said and sat up in his throne, straightening his back and lacing his fingers together. The attendants scrambled up from their kneeling positions and walked quickly towards the doors, nodding at the guards, who immediately began to pull open the massive main doors to the throne room, and Amairani's stomach tingled, and she sat up completely straight.
